A FAIR BMftAND. BY GEORGE HOBTON. ? (JHAPTER XXIX. Joseph Ouandier Brown, 1'h.D., and Kyli.ikrjuia. J'akis were nvaineJ in ttie L'hapel of the British Lc^niou in Athens. Tivrollers are familiar with these Chapels, 'l'jie Kmisii Mini-iter hinisejf usualjy sits on a raised platform al one side ot'tiie pulpit, shans with God the adoration oi the ujj'.gregation. Frequently the Aineriuan -MiiiuriLcr occupies a pew in a similar situation oa the other side of the pulpit, and lor the Juymcnl oi" so much per annum enjoys a redec-Led glory. The services consist mostly of long prayers tor a list of persons cf more-or-less imjKjitam-e found in the Almanaoh de Gotha. Cijngtvyation is ma*ie up of "a'll sorts and conditions of men/' and is flung at the throne oi' grace in a lump so labelled. 'l :ie presence ei the wo Excelieucies fills Miese Cii.jpels with ai: atmosphere oi extreme aristocracy, ana renders tliem very popular for lae performance of the marriage ceremony. •"Wlic-ie aie the wreaths and sweetmeats?" demanded Melpo, as the dressmaker's gill bioiifeiit in a box containing KyriakonJa's bridiJ gown. -Here's a lojig white veil. Very well. Here's a beautiful silk dres with a long tail. Very well. Here are orange Hewers and gloves like stockings. Very well. But where are the two wreaths tied togc-'.her with a ribbon, one for .you and one for your husband, to be blessed by the priest and to bind you together for ever':'' /'There will be no wreathe," answered Kyriakoula, a little sadly. "No v.i-eaths!" screamed Mdpo. "ITow ean you be married without wreaths? You Will be no more man and wife than you are now. It s shameful! "I should have-liked wreaths," replied Kyriakouh; "but when a woman marries, she- should go with her husband's people, ;ind do as they do. Oh. Md'po, I love him w! 1 o-niglit, to-night. I shall be his wife!" 3)r. Brown's aunt signified her approval of the match in a very practical way, as she immediately settled three thousand dollars a year- upon the young couple. Had the doctor been of a shrewd and calculating turn of mind, he might have secured a I.trge portion of Takis's ill-gotten g-iins m t.ne form of a dot. Kyriako-iila's uncle came to Mr. Burrows and introduced the subject. "As Mr. Brown's representative/' lie said, "I suppose you will demand a large dowry";' "To tell vou the truth." replied fihe Consul, *'I had not thought of the matter atoll. I will mention it to my young frjfind, however. It is rather a delicate matter, you know, with us Americans. I don't tiling ? wad care to ask for any dowry. If iii^ ife's father or relatives choose to give her nyrjhinsr. of course that will be very' plen;- "nt for Miss KyrinkouL-u" '"Not care to ask for a dowry!" almo_. houted the uncle. "What does lie get maried for, then? Pardon me. 1 had forgotten that you fordgners ii:ad curious customs in such matters." "Suppose, then," said the Consul, "that let ;"ae subject drop." "But we can't, you see. Where would we come in?" I don't beh'eve I understand you," replied Mr. Burrows. „ The undo looked at the Consul shrewdly. He believed that Mr. Burrows was indulging in s'i;irp practice. It was necessary, nevertheless, to explain. '"1 came to make a busine,ss propo-iKon to you," lie said. "Let us deal openly with each other. K's natural, of course, thrt.t you should ask for a large dowry. "Takis waji- bi his daughter to many this man, an ] will pay all he can. Takis is very rich. Say you ask for three hundred thousaini drachmas. 1 screw you down two hundred and fifty 'thousand. Takis pays i:. We turn over two hundred thousand •to Mr. Brown, and we divide a clean fifty thousand drachmas between us—twentyfive -thousand apiece." He was leaning eagerly forward mow, looking the Consul shrewdly in the eye. His voice ran into a high sing-song, where it remained suspended at the last word. The Consul's first impulse was lo ring the ball and order Kyriakoul'a's unc-le to be kicked out of the house; he was restrained from so doing by a sense of -the impropriety cf a quarrel during Negotiations over a wedding, so ihe assumed a very haugihty air and replied: "We will not discuss this matter further. Americans consider sudi discussions as unbecoming—reven disgraceful." "Americans are all either fools or crazy," muttered the unde after he left the house. "We Greeks are the only civilized people after all. I'll tdl Takis that through my efforts the dowry was waived, and lay claim to a iargo fee for my services." At Dr. Brown's wedding the members of the different archaeological institutes, the entire American colony and a few Greeks were present. Dr. Williamson was there with his wife, who, as soon as she saw how really lovely Kyriakoula looked and how tastefully she was dressed, breathed a secret h of relief, and smiled benign'y on the proceedings. The Consul, by virtue of his office, appeared attired in frock coat and high hat, to give, as he afterivards explained, "Uncle Sam's sanction to the ceremony."' As he walked majestically up the aisle with his youne French wife leaning on his arm, all agreed that not even the British Minister could have added more dignity and impressiveness to the occasion. A chorus of suppressed "Ahs" greeted Kyriakoula as she appeared, escorted bv her uncle, a tribute as genuine as it was involuntary. Yet what a wizard is uove! Minnie Burrows was also arrayed in white, and poor Anderson, sitting in a dark corner of Lhe Church, kept his eyes rivritted on her face. The red cheeks, paled a little by the heat, the saucy pug nose and mischievous eyes, seemed to him easily lo eclijjse Kyriakoula's charms. The ceremony was pc-normed late in the afternoon, and the bridal .party drove immediately aftei-ward to the Angleterre Hotel, where a number of guests, selected by Mrs. Williamson, sat down to a dinner paid for by Dr. Blown. "I have never seen so strikingly handsome a couple/' declared Sirs. Williamson afterward to her close friend, the Countess Vcrzene. "You really must Jnvitj them to your cotillon, to please me. Her bridal i'obe littcd her as though she had worn French gowns a'll her life. And he is so distingue! He conies from one c,f our oldest New England families."' CHAPTER XXX. Dr. Williamson was in great form at the mini age feast. H? proposed the health cf the bride in a speech so full of feeling that it brought teals to the eyes of several of the ladies. He also went through the eutire stix'k of comic rturies in unusual form, and one or two of them reminded the Consul of jokes he had read in "I'uck." On the whole, Dr. Brown could not realize that he was dining at his own table with his own wife, lie was not asked to say anything, and, indeed, during the entire evening, whenever it was necessary for him to move, Mrs. Williamson pushed him skilfully where he cn^hi to go During dinner he kept wondering wue: tlier Baylcy, who sat opposite him, had really sent his book to Press, as some one h id -Mid in the mo.-mng, and, if so, whether he had given suifieient credit to Argive influences. Once, during a slight lull In the conversation, lie had leaned forward with the question on his lips, but something nv.-.de him hesitate, and just as 1 got his courage screwed up to the pitch {he Director mnounced that lie was minded of a funny scene he had oace witnessed at a negro baptism, whereupon Mrs. Williamson cried out, "Oil, Canute, don't tell that!" and everybody else chorused. "Tell it. Professor! Tell it'." Anderson, from his superior knowledge) of Greek, had been seated next to Kyrii koula, with the whispered injunction thai he must talk to her. The result was that lie passed a most miserable evening. A German student with a "Von" before his name took Minnie out, and the two seemed absorbed in caeh other. Anderson wondered what she could see in a man with a thick neck and an embroidered shirtfronc. These reflections gave him a certain amount of satisfaction, but if he attempted to pursue them he felt that Mrs. Williamson's magnetic glanc-e was fixed upon him, and whenever he looked up she slightly but imperiously drooped her lst't eyelid in the direction of Kyrir.kouia. Then Anderson would give ;l sudden start, whirl his face, which finally b«nme as red as his hair, toward Kyriakoula, and ask her how she liked the climate of Athens. At such time; he felt that Minnie wis watching him. and misinterpreting his interest in the bride. "This, at least," he resolved, "I shall exnlain after dinner." But when he made the atitempt, Minnie froze 'him with "1 he? your pardon, Mr. Anderson," and he lefl (.arly in the evening. As the evening progressed IvViakoula grew ;<iler and her eyes l.irger. .Several otter guests came in after dinner, among them Mr. Croucher, correspon- dent for the Lordon "Graphic," a b man whose ability to absorb information was n little less than miraculous when coupled with tie fact that he deaf as a post. "Do you know Mr. Cr.'amer?"' the Consul shouted in his ear. "American colleague m of yours." And he proceeded, with his l nose inserted in the nook formed by Mr. Crourfier's ear and right hand, to rehears? the 'high priest's marvellous balloon experience. ga t "Did you see r. Lovell?" asked Mr. Croucher after he had qnite comprehended the story—"Winchester Lovell, Mr. Creamer's c gieat American rival?" "No; he did not cail and pay his respects to tihe representative of his country." "No; ilie rushed back to Rome by the first boat. He had great respect for Mr. Creamer."' Mr. t'ronc'hrr talked po low that he was surronded by a circle of listeners, all bending forward to hear. "'He said: "If Creamer's actually up there, it's no use for me to go. I'll hurry back to Rome and have the field alone for awhile.' Lovell told me that same balloon story to illustrate Creamer's genius. He slid that Creamer set fire to the balloon and pounded himself black and blue with a chili. Professor Caivi, the Italian, is now living- as Prince Calvi in Naples. H«? h;us forty dollars a month settled on 'him for life by the newspaper. Lovell says that he has frequently seen aim." 'Til never believe it!" cried Mr. Burrows indignantly. "Why doesn't Mr. Lovell exix>se hiu:?" "It. would only advertise a rival sheet. Besides, 1 suppose LoveJl is s.orry he didn't think of so clever a scheme himself." At tliis moment Mr. Creamer appeared in the doorway in the full splendour of evening dress. His handsome face was flushed wirh excitement and pleasure. His blue eyes beamed benignly over the assemblage, and two little curls that fell upon his fore- Ciead at either side of the part in his hair flmmti-ngly proclaimed:the full triumph of youth ami vigour. So much wisdom and benignity crowning so young a brow made turn seem indeed a medt-rn Hermes. As Mr. Burrows gazed upon"that beaming countenance, fivu-ii which -Ills own had worn dispoi-scd like a dead before the sun. "Calumnies," he muttered, "jealous calumnies." Air. Creamer advanced into the room, followed by a scrvjirt "bearing a box that was evidently heavy. "Put i: here," ho commanded, pointing to a rc.uii'd table standing In the.middle of • •he floor. The flunkey obeyed aiid departed. Every eye was fastened upon Mr. Creamer; the entire company had gathered about him. 'lltking from Iris packet a tiny key. he unlocked the 5>ox. It contained a handsome silver set, in four heavy pieces. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "the 'DJJIIV Daily,' the greatest newspaper on the face of the civilized globe, pr»=en.ts this «-ilv<«r set Mr. and Mrs. Joiejiih Chandler Brown, ami wishes them length of life and happintws of days!"' Pushing through to the young couple, he seized the l'ight hand of Jirmvn and the left hand of Kvriakoula. "God biess you, my children!" he 6aiJ, w*t!h genuine emotion in /his voice. "Creamer blesses vou on behalt of the 'Daily J>aily.' " No expense iitvd been spared in purchasing the silver set, nor in the elaborate engraving which had been done upon it. Mr. Burrows, adjusting his spectacles, lifted one of the haaw pieces and read aloud—"Presented by .John Creamer, Commissioner of the "Daily T>m1v/ sworn circulation 750,001), to Dr. and Mrs. Joseph Chandler Brown." "John Creamer," '"Daily Daily," and "750,000" were in letters an inch 'high. It was for the remainder of tJic inscription that Burrows needed his spectacles. Gaskntlv handing the key to Kyriakoufa, Mr. Creamer crossed the room, lo shake bands with his deaf colleague Croucher, and was soon giving the Consul a. graphic account of his last incursion into Turkey. "Ever see a in- assicre?" hs enquired. "No? Magnificent sight—that is, of course, from a newspaper standpoint. 1 was sitand ing in the window of my hotel, looking out on as peaceful, a scene as you ever saw. All at onc-e I heard somewhere a single pistol sfiint. Then, in the twinkling of an eye, hailf the ]x>puIatiion diew crooked swords from under their loose, flowing garments, and began cutting the throats of the other half. The Turks jumiJed about like mad. I saw one of them grab a woman by the hair and jab 'his knee ir-io her back, while another cut her throat. One mian yanked a baby out of her mother's arms and killed it, while another dispatched the mother. Her screams ended in a liquid gurgle, like those of a drowning person just sinking into the water " "Horrible! horrible! cried the Consul. ''Is there no God in heaven?" His excitement was jujflified, ior this time even tie famous Commissioner found it impossible to exaggerate. "In less time than I can take to tell it, two rows of bodies stretcjed before me, making a path between them. You can imagine my desire to rush forth " "To aid "them," said the Consul, finishing the sentence. "No! That is, what could one man have done? To get 'to the Telegraph Office, ot course. But they might nave killed me, too, and so the greatest opportunity of my life'would have been lost. But the English Consul helped me out of my quandary. He sent an escort to take me over to the Consulate." , . It was, perhaps, fortunate that Ivynakorla could not understtind English. This narrative was not suitable for the ears of a half-hour's bride. Mrs. Williamson was seated on a sofa, with her arm about Kyriakoula's waist. Notidng that the girl was seized with slight spasms of trembling, she pressed her waist, gently, and patted her dieek in a motherly way." Kyriakoula nestled closer, smooth and warm as a 3'oung lioness, and cast a glanoe at her that seemed half gratitude, half despair. "Her eyes are actually black," mentally ejaculated the Director's wife. "How curious that I told the countess yesterday they were brown!" "I'm beginning to receive the proofs of my book,""' said Bayley to Dr. Brown, as soon as ohe two found themselves together, "They're sending them in very fast. I got a wad this morning that kept me busy pretty nearly the whole day." Brown was greatly excited. "I must see your book immediately. I cannot go on with mine unsil 1 learn what importance you assign to Argive influences on Attio ronzes." "I'll tell_ you plainly, doctor, I assign one at all." "None at all?" "Plainly, no. I do not find among all y Acropolis bronzes a single one whose oriiamentation cannot be traced either to ocal or to Ionic influences." "But I cannot let such a statement go without a systematic, and, if I might use he term, olfidal rebuttal. When can I et the first copy of your book? I have lways attached great importance to your studies, Mr, Bayley, and do yet; but 1 can onvince the world—I do not despair of convincing even you—that you are now on the wrong tracks" "Oh, I«y! That's putting it rather strong. If I didn't know what a crank you are on Heraeuni bronzes, I should call your language almost unprofessional." "Now, don't be . offended, my dear Mr. Bayley. If I didn't know the importance attached in learned circles to your opinions, I should not deem it so necessary to refute them when they axe misleading. 11. you will pardon the suggestion, your error has arisen from the fact that you have not given sufficient attention to the Argive School. Had you sjient four years, as 1 have done, studying Heraeum brones, you would have realized that the motifs of the Argive School have had a fai'-reachinj, fiuencc, and can be recognised in the bronzes of many other regions. Such-is the case, ior instance, in the AcropoJis bronzes 1 have not studied those so deeply as you have done, but it is sufficient for me to ease my eye over the collection to detect the familiar ear-marks of Argive motif.' "if you wish to attack my book," interrupted Bayley, "you shall have the proofs immediately. 'j"here is a mail to London— let me see—the day after to-morrow. You shall have the proofs early in the morning. 1 would not impede your valuable researches for a moment. If the scientific ivorld knew that I had kept it waiting for anything from you, I shctuld become the most unpopular man on earth." Dr. Biown did net understand the irony. A Napoleonic dr;am had taken possession of him lately. He was already the greatest living Authority on Argive Bronzes. If health and life were spared to him, might he not eiter ten, perhaps twenty yjars. of unremitting toil, came to be known as The Authority on Antique Bronzes? Not "the greatest," simply "The," as Sappho is called "The Poetess." "I must iiiavt these proofs of Bayley' before 1 put pen to paper again," lie reflected. "In sustaining my own theory I'll show so great a knowledge of his speciality that I shall beat him o,n liis own ground." "Didn't the Turks attack the Consulate? enquired the British clergyman. '"No,"' replied Mr. Creamer, "they did not, allhough we slept with rifles beside us, momentarily expecting a siege. I did a nice piece of work right there. You can't beat •John Creamer without getting up befor daybreak." "Oh, tell us about it!" cried Minnie, who was an attentive, though roguishly scepti cal, listener. "Signed statement from a dying Armet T t o nian! Yes, sir. I prepared a full descrip tion of the sensations connected with iiav ing one's throat cut. There was a poor fellow dying right under our window. I rush ed down. Luckily his windpipe hadn'i been severed, and iie could whisper. I pro mised five thousand francs to his wife and family if he would sign. He told me their addrc-ss, took my stvlographic pen and wrote his name with a last supreme effort. _Then. turning uron nie his great, - dark "eyes full of gratitude, he breathed his last.' 1 "But how did you make yourself understood?"' asked Minnie irreverently. "Do you speak Armenian ?" "I—all—the Consular interpreter ." "Of course, of course," interrupted Mr. Bi;n ows, gla inking stenrly at -his daughter. It was getting late. Mrs. Williamson had caught the Director's eye and be was standing by her side. "It s uni? people were going home, Canute," she whispered. "The poor tiling is getting dreadfully nervous. She ought to be left, alone with her siusband." The Director approached the Doctor. "Good-night, my dear friend/' he said in a loud tone. "Vou rrfust not-allow your wife sit up late nights. See that she always gets a little sleep before midnight, and bhese pretty roses will bloom for ever. That's tihe way "I've kept them in my girl's checks." And he cast a glance at Mrs. Williamson like that of a young lover. Bayley shook hands with Kyriakoula, and moved quickly over to Dr. Brown. "Goodnight," he said curtly. "You shall have my proofs in the morning. I'm all through with them. I must, have them by 9 o'clock day after to-morrow, 9 a.m." Dr. Brown followed 'him into 'hall. "Are you going straight home?" he asked. " YesTxVhy "May 1 send the porter with you, and he'll come right back with them. That is, if you are going directly home." "But I can have them here by 8 o'clock." "T—I might be restless or something, and I might just take a glance at them." "Oh, all right. Send him along. Good- "ight." The guests were going rapidly. Mrs. Williamson hurried over to Dr. Brown. "Offer your wife your arm," she whispered, "and bring her over to the door." They made a charming tableau. There was no doubt of Kyriakoula's affection, sh; leaned so nroudly on her husLjad's arm, and looked so lovingly into his face. CHAPTER XXXI. At 1 a£t they ware alone. And there they stood, arm in arm, for several minutes. Kyriakoula leaned more heavily upon her husband, and pressed h's arm with her hand. A step came down the hall. Brown raised his head and listened. "It's the boy with the proofs," he thought, thoroughly on the alert. But no. A door was unlocked, and somebody went into an adjoining room. Kyriakoula laid her head on his shoulder, and her soft hair brushed his neck, his cheek, his ear. A mummy would have Made some response, and Brown, still thinking of the proofs, mechanically put his arm about her waist. Instantly she clasped him to her bosom and kissed him on the l'lPSL ,ngU?Ts&s; £; d g St^tceS i roguish, jwssionate eyes. Her breath was sweet as an evening breeze blowing from a field of wild thyme. Suddenly she buried her head on his shoulder. 'I loave you," she repeated, laughing almost hysterically. Brown led lie", 'o a chair, and sealed her in it. Then he sat down in another, and asked, with consider able interest, "How much English do you know?" She sprang playfully from the chair into his lap. Is not one chair big enough for us now?" she asked in Greek, rubbing her warm, downy cheek against his. "Are we not noiv oue? I loave you." But how much English do you know;?" aeain asked the Doctor, awkwardly drawing up his long legs, and trying to sent her comfortably on his sharp knees. "I have commenced," she replied in . rook. "I s.lnll S-on know voir much, for my teacher says that 1 icain fast. 1 wanted to know mv husband's language, so I began right a wav. So far it is very beau oitul. It is like mv life, all love. It is like what the world ought to be—everybody loves in it. 1 love, you love, they loveno, he love, we loves, you love, they love. Is is not beautiful?" "It is, indeed. But not so beautiful as your own language. I fhall wish to talk Greek alwavs with you." 'Ah, perhaps. But you will wish me to talk with your people and your friends, that they mav know how clever l am, ana that vou miv be proud of me. You wiL not wish me to sit like a stone always, and sav nothing." The Doctor heard another suspicious noise in the ball. Your studious resolves are very commendable," he said kindly, "and do yo 1 great credit. But now you must go to bed. Dr. Williamson said if you did not go t. bed early vou would lose the roses in you; cheeks." K.-riakouh flashed a quick glanc-? at him, and blushed furiously. "Good-night," she said, again burying face in his shoulder. '"GiXsl-niglit," said tihe doctor, straggling to his feet,* aud lifting 'her up with him. She stood for a moment at arm's length, her hands unon his shoulders, look in lenudy into his eves. "I ioave you," she said again. "Sas agaipo," replied the Doctor, senously. She ran into the bedroom, laughing mcrrilv, and shut the door softly behind her. the Doctor sat for a long time musing. "Bavlcy isn t half the man I thought he was." I shall have no difficulty in removing him from the field." , The faint creak of hinges caused him to look around. Kyriakoula had not securely latchcd the door, and it was moving open an inch or so. tie smiled. ,,,, , How fnnnv her English sounded! he soliloquized. "She has an extremely pica sant voice, too. The English are never so safe in their decisions as t'he Germans, nor so irrefutable in their conclusions. And it is so easv to form wrong conclusions—to jump at them, as one might say. One should not express an opinion at all, espectabv m archaeology, except after the most exhaustive and complete research—researah and comparison. I shouldn't be at all surprised after seeing Bayley's proofs if it became necessary far me to put in three or four months in -the Acropolis Museum. I can tdl as soon as I see hw illustrations and— and examples. He may have becomeso biassed that he has sdected orfy speeiirfcs ihait seem to corroborate his own theory he Doctor was already quite familiar with Acropolis bronzes, and he sat for some ime, his eyes baif dosed, wthile a long tram f oxidized" sword-bJades, rings, mirrors, tripods, and safety-pirns drifted by iris mental vision. "Ionic indeed!" he snorted, half aloud. A splosh cf water, accompanied by smothered scream mingled wikb. laughter, came from the bedmom. Greek girls always baithe on .«bsir Avedding si^ht. Kyriakoula was experimenting with the cold water in the pitcher and the Doctor's portable baih-tub. He loosened his necktie, unbuttoned his collar, and removing 'bis coat, hung it carefully on the bade of the chair. The Doctor was as methodical as a dock. As he was unbuttoning his waistcoat, he again heard steps m the hall. "There tthey are at last! he muttered, starting for the door. But again some one <?ntered a neighbouring room. He looked at his watdi. "Twdve o'clock. I don't believ<; ' jvlev means to send me those proofs. Ths bov h'as had time to go and come twice. T can tell almost at a glance -whether he has treated the subject with fairness or not. The pistes, cf course, will not he with the proofs, but to-morrow I can go up to the museum and look tihe originals over. If 1 should find " Another little scream, this time unmistakably of pain. The Doctor stepped to the bedroom door and took the knob in 'his hand. "What's the matter, Kyriakoula?" he asked tenderly. "Don't you dare to come in yet—not quite vet." " "But what's the matter? "Why did yon scream: "I stubbed my toe against a nasty chair. Aren't vou sorrv? Poor little toe!" The Doctor pulled off his vest and threw it into a chair. "Poor little toe!" 'he echoed. There was a hard knot in his shoestring. He did not stop to untie it, but with a determined jerk broke it in two. At that moment he again heard footsteps in the hall, ait first faint, then louder and louder. There was no doubt this rime. Holding in his hand tine shoe which he had just wrenched from his foot, he sprang to tie hall door and threw it open. There stood the boy with the proofs. The Doctor snatched them from him and spread Them out upon the table He read a page. "Why, this is absolute rot! lie muttered. He read another pagt. "Insidious rot, too, because he has got a good deal of information together. He is an industrious collector of faots, but he does not know wliat they mean." . . Hie sank into a chair, carefully wiped his «i>ectacles, and gittled down to an exhaustive perusal of Mr. Bailey's proofs. After an hour livriakoula came to tlie door in "her nightiobe," her eyes suifusjd with tears— the sweetest, warmest ghost that ever walked. "1 loave you," she said, half sobbing. "Sas agupo/' replied the Doctor. Dawn was peeping through the shutters ere he had finished the proofs. CHAPTER XXXII. Thanks to Mrs. Williamson's interest m them, the young couple found themselves established in a neatly furnished house in Democritus-strett almost before they knew it. People cannot entertain in a hotel The drawing and dining rooms were cop n-ected bv means of folding doors, whicn, when thrown open, made a fairly spacious daneiiig hall. There were servants' quarters below, bed-chambers above, and on the very top floor two rooms that opened upon a terrace commanding a fine view of tile Attic plain, the sea, and tlie distant purple hills of Aegimi. "Here shall be your study, doctor," announced 'the Director's wife. "Up here awav from iill feminine distractions, you can 'write as many dreadfully abstruse books as you wish. Nobody will disturb you. Your very existence will be forgotten. You can even have a big placard with 'Cave Canem' hung on the door if you wish." -. The furniture of tlie doctors bachelor apartments was moved up there, together with an easv chair; and his study lamp, filled and trimmed, was set in the middle of his writing-table. Hittber lie moved his reference books and others, his manuscript, files, writing materials—in short, all the appurtenances of an author and o great anb When everything was in place, he looked about with a sisli of satisfaction, and muttered—"I don't believe 'this marriage will interfere muoli with my plans, after all. Perhaps it will make no difference. K vri.ikotrk found herself the mistress of a prettv house, a cook, a maid, and a boy in butious to open the door. Mdpo came to tjve witSi her, and made herself quite useful as confidante and adviser. . Woi-k on the book went on in earnest, and as the Doctor got more deeply into it, his abstraction grew. He lived in the museums and his study. He found it- necessary, in older to carry ou!t his larger plan, to perfect himself also in Acropolis bronzes. B?yioy's work finally came out, and the notices were in t3ie main favourable. Dr. Brown w.)s disgusted with one of them, wiviHh announced that the author had "sett'.-jd for good and all some questions as to the origin of bronze decoration, and had given Ionic influences USifflr proper recognition." • "Wait," he cried, flinging Ui'e periodical into a corner petulamtily, "until I have -had mv say!" This settling of the question did not cause the Doctor to desnair. Every archaeological questaVm is "sdbtSed for good and all" at least hatf a dozen ttmos. Kyriakoula became meanwhile, as Mrs. WiWriimtson hr.d predicted, quite a. social lion. vShe wis invited everywhere, and though her husband was seldom peen with her, she appeared wFtli the Director's family. She even established a "day," whereon sihe dispensed lukewarm tea and smiles to the e3ifce of Athens, -and each week surprised her American friends with 1 her progress in English". 