THE GHOST TALKS. mat le it? Nothing but preparation for death. Look «t me. t Was born last spring. On a balmy 4ay In May 1 pecked my way into tills Vttle of, tears and stood in the glad : sunshine, wondering at It. There were others*of my ilk about the place. 1 ^oofc&d; at them. l.'Wfle glad I was not ^ And * the weeks came and-went. 1 ilvefl. I ate. I slept, And with it &H; ixbiv Jlttle^did I dream in those i^^^yeoA was teo close m; I ^as clever ttjfcSfJfijr work well, imannerB, and ever Itbaignlty aa4j?rid9 I heard voices about me. they spoke a language I did not understand, but I knew they spoke of mei, for now and then one would nod, smile and swallow nothing in bis throat as if in hunger. . Spring passed and summer broke upon the land, with its pageant of blowers. The air was perfumed! with the incense of the blossomg. How happy I was then. All life Seemed gay, so free from care, and thought of the mojrrow-ah, it never occurred to me,. L leaves came out and the soft, shotting showers baptized me. 1 laughed, in my way. And then there came the other. 1:remember the afternoon I met her. It was in August. The day had been warm, and sultry, and I walked along the garden of my abode watching the sleepy ducks lazily floating on' the sur face of the pond. She appeared before me as a vision of the night. Her beau ty appalled me. I loved. After that meeting many times di<l I walk along the shore of the pond in hopeB of catching but a fleeting glimpse of her again. And! X did. It Vas towards evening. She bad dropped" a kernel of corn as she passed me. I raised that kernel from the pebbly he&ch; and offered it to her again. The sweet tone of her voice as she thanked me struck deep into my heart. After that we met many times. Of tea it was on. the shore where first I'd seen her, again in the yard, or in the gar den. I awaited her coining in the day. I dreamed of her in th6 night. Feeling that my heart would burst with the tender love that lived there in for her. did I not tell the old, old story, I spoke to her. I offered her my all, my life, my devotion, my pro tection. And she accepted. Then for a long time there came no 'more rains, no more cloudB obscured the blue of the sky. It was ever sun shine, gladness and joy. We counted the days till our wedding. The summer passed and the drear Autumn wrapt nature in the shroud of brown and grey. My love burned on. She prepared lier trousseau. »ue showed me the many little things she had collected for our life, little things that I had not noticed, that mean bo much. We were so happy-then. We were feasted as we never had been before. It seemed as though the whole world was joyous in our love and paid homage to it. The days were days of dreams and banquets, and the nights, nights of visions of the days. Thus passed the time. Ab, that I might have known ? Ah, that I might have dreamed that separation would come to us; thai I might have been prepared. When It did come the heart of my body was lead. They took her away and placed her in a room by berself. I thought then'that I might have done something to have Incensed those in charge of her. , But no. They took her simply to rid her of me. How I hated; the world thgn. The Bun never shche. Great black banks of clouds floated all day against the azure of the sky and blotted, out thfl life of lore and happiness that J. bad dreamed of. I could not reach lier. I tried* oh, so hard, and though I was beaten back time and again, I, at least, made one final effort.' Something struck me and I fell. When. I regained my senses I knew she had been taken from me forever. I entered in upon a riotous course of dissipation. I atei, I drank, I cpr&ufeed.; But' never for ah instant didder im age leave my mind-my heart.' Arid then- ' ' But why speak of it ail now? It is past Let the ^tfme that has gone for ever die as she died. 'V Oh, my angfel, howl loved you! How readily would I have given my life that yours might have been spared. And then they told me all and laughs cold, harsh, laughs, at my mis ery. You had, Been sacrificed, they said, even as I wo^ild be. I tried to run a way but I waa,brought back. . I feared my late. . Little did. 'I dream). that the day of my departure from this earth.' was so near at hand. I aie> out and drank, on. in sheer desperation. Oh, that I might has© guessed Ut was that that pleased them moat! I Would have starved my self. '. Andi then, one chill November day, oame the end. i Swifts sudden', like a meteor in the nlghfr tny fate overtook me. I lay in flfeath. A group sur rounded me and - spoke* in whispers of my disposal. - ~ I heard laughter. Jests were.pass ed from mouth to'mouth. 1 knew they were Jeering at jh^ aa I lay there: cold, and stiff. -: Then was I taken) into a dark, deep cellar-my' long suffering, lifeless body -and, like the verfest criminal, hung up. This morning was I cut down. I was brought up into''tie kitchen. I was laid on a table, and where my heart had been was thrust a irfoss of sticky stuff that smalled of saget. Then the aperture in my poor, old body was sewn up and I was banged into an oven. , Now here I am on the.platter. A group of gaping, glarihg human ghouls sit around me. They all Swallow drily as-I remember having seek one do eo> long ago. ' They say " yes, pleads and " no, please," when the fiend standing by me mentions about chbice of meat. See what the fiend holds In his hand a keen, glistening blade! . He circles it above my breast. It is coming down! Now! Ugh! The «ense V spirit understanding leaves me. It is over, 