MOKGAN CUP. i vm ; | TAKCUTTA' iV;1- WAGGA'. (MIOM OUlt OOIlllKSl'ONDKNT.) Saturday's Cup match, playedon the Tar-; cutta "convincing ground" bctweonthc above teams; was " a elinkor" from start to iinish. The ground, owing to tho heavy , juin of tho ^previous ,i]ay , and,; night,, was itembly 'soft and alippory, and goal kicking wasioue of the impossibilities, for within a minuto of tho'start the ball was as greasy as a'bladdcr of lard, «o much so in fact that it, . wa^.as dilHeult to handle the ball as to kick iii^ThV'earns were as follow :— .^Taroutta:-Full baek—E. Best; .three quarters— Podmore, H gan, Cloinson and Archer'; i' hdlf-bucks— Ferrier >aiid >Rodd 5 wih«'forwards ~I)ybaU and Brown ; for waraa—DetmiSj Ljvt-hiim, Smith,,;Cox and llurt. , . 1 . ,!j [. . ( i Waigga: -Full-back—A. Donnellyi Three quarters—Gray, Potts, Byrne and J. Gray; half-backs—E. Best nnd Darby; wing forwards—Sullivan and Hansen; forwards — 'Thompson, Skcates, Wood, Gcaghan, M'Leon and GriiUu. The Tarcutbi skipper (Archer) won tho toss.from Potts, aud decided to defend the northern goal. AVagga kickcd off and the hurly-burly commenced. Scrums and up endings in the centre of the ground for a few minutes ensued,' when a Wagga man kicked tli ball to within a fow yarns of the western boundary Faweett secured and with a good run crossed the Wagga line and touched down, but owing to a .mistake the try was disallowed. Inch by inch the Tar cutta mou forced the YVaggaites back towards' • the Wagga goal line, and notwithstanding tne splendid passing of the visitors -tno ball was kept in dangerous proximity to their goal posts, but still no score for either side, and it appeared as if a " double nil" would eventuate for tho first lmlf, but just', before the referee's ^yhiptle. blew foe, half-time Jack Cox struggled across the'lino and sborcd first try for Tnreutta. : ■ . / In tho second half, from tho very jump, Tareuttiv had Wagga in diilicultics and tries •Wore, many and frequent. • .Shortly after 'ohiuigin^ cuds Dick Uodd secured, and with a splendid sprint crossed the enemy's lines una scored yet another three points* for the locals. Archer ugaiii failed to convert; tlin ball was sodden and slippery and failed to rise to the oecusion. Les. Clemson was the Jiuxt to follow up a Tnreutttt dribble, and to udd three inoro to Tarcutta's account. Next, Archer secured tho ovalfroina.well-time pans, and making a splendid run ami grassing a bruee of Waggu tackier# in his flight, (tguiu crossed over but failed to convert. Soon after a clever pass from Hogfin to Archer gave the Tur outta skipper another opportunity of show ing' his agility, ajid another 3 points was udded',tb Tarentta's" HUln total. Jack Dennis tried the kick, but failed to sky tho oval over tho bar. A fow minutes before tho whistle sounded uo-wides Archer daftly passed to Clemson,; and Les - scored his second .try. .When the,, referee's whistle sounded For the muddy onus to cease hosti* lilies,'the seorcHstood, Tareutla 18 points, Wugga nil, and Tarcutta. were the victors of u stubbornly contested game. Although ilia Wagga men wore defeated they played a splendid game, their passing was really admirable and their, kicking equally no. In tha Rcruma tlioy were outmatched, and had not the ghost of a ehanec with the sturdy locals. The slippery ground was against them too, and many a good tun eatno to nought owing to slips in the treacherous mire. For Wiifi'M Potts and H. Gray played magnificently, and were ably assisted by Thompson, Byrne, Hansen and .Skeates. With regard to the Tareutta taeklors I cannot honestly divide thein iu the order of merit. Jirny Beat was a host in himself, and with well timed British Association kicks relieved the Tareutta terri tory from tha Wagga onslaught lima after time. Hogan, Archer, Vote Hurt, Jim Brown, Rodd, Clcmson, Cox, and l)yball were always on the ball, and the others too wore holding their ends well up from kick oil' to sounding of 41 no sides." A.pleasing feature of the gamo was the good fceiing displayed throughout by each and every member of both teams. Iho referee's decisions were not disputed in a single instance. Mr. John Justicc, junr., of Tareutta, and Mr. Williams, of Wagga, acted as line umpires to the satisfaction of both teams. After the dinner supplied by host Pod more had been freely disposed of, Mr. A. Mate, as patron of the Tareutta R.F.C., took the opportunity of making a few re marks to the fooLballcrs present. Ho said that he was naturally pleased at Tareutta winning the match as it was the first match of the Morgan Cup Competition which had been played on their ground. Ho was a strong supporter of all sports, and was sorry to nay (hat lie could only assist the club by giving them donations at intervals. He , thought Tareutta owed their victory to Cap I tain Archer, who was the main stay, of the j club. He was pleased with the friendly ! spirit iu which the gumc had been played and congratulated Mr. Potts for. having brought the Hug by game on so well.'5:i Mi*. Potts iis captain of the team thanked Mr. Mute for his kind remarks. He thought that the best team hnd won, .and congratulated the Tareutta boys on their victory. < Mr. Archer (Tareutta),, and, Mr. .Thump-, son (Wagga) also Bpoke. " ' v> " After the dinner the visitors were in vited to a dance in the recreation hall and. a very plcasaut time was epent. To-morrow,afternoon the Illabqolub will visit Waggaand mcct'a combined team from the Wagga and Half-Holiday clubs. Owing to the racecourse bcinp engaged, the match will be held on the cricket ^rouiuli Illubo will arrive by the 9.30 train and will be entertained at luucheou at Stniihurst's Hotel. The following will represent Wagga : —Copland, Hkcatcs, Moore, Hansen, »Snaw (2), Larkin, Myers, Bateman, Wunsch, Hawkes, Grillin, Wood, Treatt, 13est; emergencies, Darby, Hcley, Talbot. A committee meeting of the Ritgby Club was held at Monks's Hotel on Friday last, J. J. Talbot presiding. The secretary handed in the following donationsG; Fitzbui-dingo ill Is, H. M. Baylis £1 Is, Dr. Thane 10s 6d, Dr. J. y. Tayler 10s. A vote of' thanks wis accorded each geutleman, also to Mr. C. Hardy, jun., for the loan of ^tiinbor, and Mr. W. JJ. Turner, for the loan of wire. The sum of £2 0s 6d was handed in as the result of the Cuotamundra match. It was decided to forward the amount to the hospital through the Turf Ctub, Cor respondence was received from Temora and Illabo Clubsj the latter stating they would visit Wagga on the 9th, and Temora would visit on the 16th; inst. A vote of- thanks to 1 the'ehairinun closed the meeting.1: The result of the Morgan Cup competition to ;dato, is :—Tareutta, 16. points ; Wagga, 14 points; Cootamuhdra, 10 points. 