\ "THE ; . V , ' MYSTERY of the DARK HODSE. .published by smoul abbas8ejient.j ' ' ,/ : ey" RiTi;-,;.' ; , ' Author o£ " Peg tlie Rake," "Kitty tho Rag," 11 Two Bail BluoEyea," "AWomnn in It," 4 Darby and Joain," 44 Tho Grinding Mills of Goti," " A Daughter of the - ?' \- People," "A Husband of No Importance,". : ' COPVUIGJIT. ' ""'.V . fj, \\. CHAPTER XV. p S there any g loneliness on earth like tho S loneliness of a t great city ? . To walk through crowded streets, to gnzo at hun dreds and hun dreds of un familiar faces, to meet cold indift'eronteyea in n passing ,A glnuce, to feel that unions? theso crowds of human "beings you yourself aro an unnoticed and uncared-for unit, your fate a matter of indiffercncb, your wants? and sorrows unimportant. Surely this is as melancholy a thing as tho return of a wander ing ghost to tho scenes of its. earthly pii- grimuire. To tho living soul as to the dead couies tho sonso of being undesired or un- ' missed. Tho busy world can do without you, \- tho place yon-filled is occupied by another. I had. hud my fill of such lonoliuess sinco I 'came to London. I lived in a quiet lodging in tho neighbourhood of Blooinshury. It was a bed-sitting-room at tho top of tho house. Tho rent was moderate, and my meals wero charged for when I had them, at a stated price. . The first thing I had doiio was to provide myself with the leading theatrical papers and copy out tho addresses of various agents. To theso I applied in due course, eutercd my name in the books, paid a fee in advance, und retired moro or less hopeful according to tho reception they gave1 me. In my secret heart I did not like any of these gentlemen. Thero was a certain bold ness mid. familiarity in their looks and questions that annoyed me greatly. I objected to beiug addressed as u Sly dear' or 4i Ducky," or paid coarso compliments as to my eyes, complexion, or figure. I wanted an engagement from them purely asti matter of business, uud expected to bo treated in a business-liko maimer. This, however, was the last thing they seemed inclined to do. When I stated I was unfamiliar with the stage they advised mo to4 chuck it up" or 44 go into keeping and get someone to run me." This was so much Dutch to my ignorant ears, and 1 frankly suggested that my voice and my knowledge of music wore surely worth something. They wouldn't hear my voice, that was the duty of a manager, or someone 44 bossing a show in tho provinces" they informed ino. Howevor, I might call again uud seo if anything had turned up. 1 did call again, and yet again. I always saw a crowd of untidy-looking girls, with awful hats and made-up faces, of inou of all ages, on whom tho genus 44 actor" was stamped as indelibly as a brand. This crowd were always laughing, and chafling, and exchang ing broad jokes and witticisms. They called each other by their Christian names, and abused tho agents, or recounted wonderful 4 4 successes " on tour, which fully entitled them to a London engagement in their own eyes, but apparently tho agents differed from them in that respect. They would look at mo with critical curiosity, and exchange opinions as to my appearance or my 44 lino" with audiblo frankness. I told myself that theso wero the brothers Rnd sisters of my self-chosen profession, and tried to feel friendly towards them. I did .not wish to bo prejudiced in advance, "outfit was hard work to : avoid it. They wero ,80 loud, so vulgar, so atrociously dressed and powdered, and 44 made up." The men, too. looked (is if they hud slept in their olothes, so crushed uud creased wero collars and shirts and coats, and their unshaven, : unwashed faces aided this impression. ' Sometimes I sat in 'the office with a Stage or an Jim before mc, and listened to the conver sation. It was as remarkable for its blunt egotism us tho advertisements in theso journals. ' J. used to rend these same advertisements with a frank wander at their unblushing con ceit. Miss Viola Delancy would head hers 44 Our Prize Packet of Ability," and thank Mr. Somebody for an offer which a presont first-class engagement provented her accept ing. Miss Ivy St. Claireinvitedoffers,'44load or principal parts preferred." Various other ladies quoted themselves a 44 terrific success," "amazingly clever," or "specially engaged." A few leading lights added half a dozen Press notices to their name and title role. Some were 4 4. starring," somo wero 44 resting," but none wore silent as to their qualifications or modest as to their deserts. Some were so beset by offers uud engagements that they employed a private or special agent, to whom 'all communications wero referred ; others less fortunut'e gave a post office or a box office in case their services wero in requisition. After a month of thiB experience I began to grow impatient. Tho columns of the pupors assured mo of vacancies in companies, of incompleted tours, of tho need of 44 good voices," of willingness to take novices or amateurs and bestow on them stigo experi ence and small salaries, hut the agents assured mc none of these would do. Tho sort of tbiug they had in their uyo for mo would bo sure lo turn up in a day or two. I must, call again. So I would trudgo homo through the streets, lonely and Ueart-sick, and wonder if there was anything elso I could do while the weary waiting went on. I bought penny papers and studied their contents. ' Surely it. must bo easy enough to writo stories for them. I resolved to try, I noted tho style and kind of fiction they offered their readers, and I had a fluent pen. I mado up. a 44 inoated grange" tale, with a lovely heroine and a mystery. I wrote it in "a counlo of days, and sent it to tho 44 Home Tjitler." I expected it to bo taken at once, so informed them that my terms for such a contribution were five guineas. To my surprise I got the MS. back next day. They were overcrowded with MSS.,and my story wusquito unsuitable. Nothing daunted I went through all the series of those leaflets, and spent my evenings writing 44 down " to what I considered their lovol. At tho end of another month I had quite a collection of soiled and tumbled MSS., but not one had been accepted, even though I had become magnanimous enough to leave terms to their editors' discretion, \- - . . . ; I . I am conscious of a growing indignation. My stories may not ho works of genius, but certainly they are quito up to tho average of those I read. .. If their authors had found acceptance why should not IP I can gain no answer to the question. Tins is tho history of my London life so far. It brings nte back to that dissertation on loneliness with which I commenced this chapter of my journal. For I am very lonely s -rihprb'.is:nb',dmiying .St, , ond the very 0XM8S ( and iabTinahpe f oflifo around ; and about rap ifitehsify that senSo of desolation. Every morning I call on one or other of tho agents; ;Then I wander through streets, lunch . 'at tin ? A B . 0 shop, go' to a picture gallery, or'.. theVBritish Museum, then bomb' forteu, and spend tlio -ovening writing or sewing. This, is my .lifc, mid I . am but eighteen years old; . ' 1 wonder sometimes if I had better turn governess; 'but, then governesses nowadays must all possess certificates or havo passed examination?,' and. in fact have received.1 a'- superior education altogether. I cannot boast of' accomplish taenia ; ..besides I- should hate tho drudgery 6f teaching, una tho anomalous position in. tlio;housohold givcii< to the unfor tunate teiioher.v No, I must. command my soul in patience. Surely, before another month I shU.have something to do: I havp j list' com o baok froma long morning at the agents'; ' It is' remarkable enough to chronicle. .They ? wrote' asking me to call at cloven o'clock. They hud something for mo at lust: ' ? ,':i" ':V' ' -'"'V - I attired . myself in my . well- worn: hlaok' gown and plain sailor hat. . I .'.took especial enro that my hair should he neat and simply dressed in contrast to' the puroxidised and tousled heads I was eosiok of scoing. I'did not look fast or smart, but simply what I was— a lady, nono too well off in this world's goods and anxious for employment, Needless to say, I was punotual. I sent in my name and waited patiently amidst the usual crowd in tho outer office until I should be summoned. They seemed unusually agi tated this morning. I heard tho numo Lever- son repeated very often, and when a voice ex claimed, "Why, here ho is!" I looked. up with somo curiosity. A short, dark, Jewish- looking man had comoin. Hodidnotremovo his hat, but glanced around, gave a curt nod of recognition here and there, and finally passed intd the inner sanctuary, where. Messrs. Broadbow and Jdpp gave their inter-, views. ; A hush of gcpcotation followed his depar ture. I gathered from Boraps of disjointed talk that. the dark little man was tho manager of a theatre, where he was running comio opera. Tho fact of his presence '-'here Bhowed ho was in need of additions to his company, and expectation ran high among this crowd of tho disengaged.- Presently the offico door, opened. A head looked out. : 44 Mrs. Dcriug !" called avoice, the voice of Mr. Jupp. I rose to my feet. A row of astonished faces : confronted me. I was beckoned forward by tho agent and entered the room with some trepidation; The little manager was sitting orossways on a chuir, his hat tilted to the back of his head, and a cigarette in his mouth. 44 This is 'tho young lady." observed Mr. Jupp. 44 Good soprano, excellent musician ; appearance you can judge, but 'no stage experience.", ! . Tho nrituager looked at me with half -closed eyes. 44 Ah!" ho said. 44 No experience. Just like 'cm. Well, my dear, what makes you want to go on the stage ?" . 44 1 want to earn a livelihood," I answered. Ho laughed. 44 Aro you going to trust to your face?" he Raid, 44 or your talents — supposin' yoti've got any ? Or docs a friend back you ?!' 1 I "felt tho colour rising to my face. 44 1 must learn us others have done, I suppose. I am content to begin at tho beginning. And L have no friends." 14 ICnow French?" he asked. " Yes," I said. 44 Good limbs ?" . 44 What!" I exclaimed, not quite under standing his question. 44 Havo you good limbs?— for . tights, you know ; boys' parts ; short skirts ; all that." The colour deepened by several shades. 44 1 — I never thought of taking such parts," Isaid. 14 Then, pray, why do you apply for comic opera? Don't you know how tho chorus dress ?" "She's just como from a Sunday school, I imagiue," remarked Mr. Broadbow, the senior partner of tho firm. 44 Well, well," said the manager, noticing' my" distress, s "what about your voice? I- want a'good steady soprano for front rank of. chorus. There's a piano over there'. Go and sing something run up a scale, that'll do." I drew off my. gloves and went over to the. piano horribly nervous. My throat was dry und my lips were tremulous. I struck a chord or two to gain time uud'thpn ran up the scale of G, gave a few roulades, and finished with a prolonged trill. I looked towards the three men as I finished. 44 Thut'll do," remarked the manager. 44 Are you quick at learning? Can you read at sight?" 41 Oh, yes," I answered. 44 Well, of course, you'll wantalotof train ing, but you may be worth a pound a week. I'm inclined to give you a trial." He lighted another cigurotte, and Messrs. Brondbow and Jupp examined mo curiously. I was astonished and delighted. He wrote something on a card and handed it to mo. 44Como round to-morrpw," he said. 4.4 I'll see your partis sent to you to-night. What's your address ? " I gavo it bitn. 44 Mrs. Dering.' . Aro you a widow, then?" "Yes," I said quietly. 44 That'll never do. You must appear as 4 Miss ' on tho stage. What's your Christian name?" 44 Dolores." ! Miss Dolores -Bering. Yes, that sounds very well. Of course your name won't ap pear while you're in tho ohorus, but" it'll bo known to the company and agents. This opera will go on tour soon. I've an interest iu it, hut it won't havo a long run at the .Eden. Wo'ro obliged to change constantly. Well, that's all. Ten o'clock to-morrow for rehearsal, and bring a song. The musical director will want to try your voice." I thanked him briefly aud retired with heart and face aglo\y. This was the beginning, and & somewhat insignificant one, but it was something.-. I should learn, and I should gain oxperieuce. 1 might aohieve success. Hope surged within mo. I passed through tho browd in the waiting-room, with head oreet and smiliug lips. I felt on good terras with all the world, and my modest lunch scorned a feast of delicacies. I am still jubilant as I write these lines. I expect the musio hy every post, and long for its arrival. Quito suddenly I remember J havo no piano, besides being terribly out of practice. It will be a bard matter to learn tho different choruses simply from tho written notes. I know I have seen one in tho drawing-room, but tho drawing- room is let, und I four to ask my landludy's permission to uso it when - tlio lodger is out. I wonder if I could possibly afford to hire ono. I fear. not. I have no desire to bo . dependent .on Miss Ponharva' longer than is absolutely necessary, und whon I give up her allowance I must live on & pound a week.- A knock at the door interrupted mo bore. Enter Emma, the maid of till work, (" Hem- ma," us my landlady calls her.) Sho brought me somo tea und breud and butter, and a roll of musio: I clutohed delightedly at the latter. It was the chorus part of "tho opera. ; Bmma (who is good-naturedj und takes great interest in mc) wutched asl opened the wrapper. . I glanced; over the .parts. 44 Oh1 for a piano ! " I. explained involuntarily." 44 A planner ! ' exolaimed Emma. J Well, there's ono in tho parlour, ma'am. And Mr. Horiceon, ?o don't nover come 'omo till height otalook. ' Why don't you practigo on it ?" ' I shook my head; \ " No, ho,: Fcouldn't do that. He migh't return and catch mo ; or he might hear of it. / y." 'Taint- his pinnnori 'tis the missus's." All tlio worse. -Sho would ' bo vory angry."' . 44 Not 'er," said Emtna, scornfully 44 I'll! lay she won't mind. ! Besides, she's howt to-night. Gone' to & theaytcr with 'er niece. You don't bo a fool. - Just go down and try your songs if you've a mind to. Whut's your lino ? Tho 'alls, or the dramor, as they calls it?" 44 Neither," I said laughing. . 41 Comic opera. I'vo got an imgagcmont at last." ' . 41 My ! thufs good I'm real glad.ofit," she saia, houitily. ' 44 I'll comb and 'ear you if I gets a chance. But lor, 'cro l'm a chat tering, and your tea gettin', cold.' ' 4 4 Never mind," I said.'' M.It's not often I have anyone' to. talk to; "Look here, Eriimu, do you rcully think I might'enturo to try tliat piuno, for half an hour,?' '-s 44 Do T think ? iLor 1 yes/ of 'courre I do 1 I tell- pm Mr. Hericson dtjii'£ corao tame to' dinner, Qobs t ft btirci8tort you know. A nice spoken gentleman, too , und free with .'is shillings, which the dining- room ain't." Mr. Erieson didn't interest me, but the piano did: I drank my tea and then, some what timidly, crept dp wnstaira to the dra wing- room floor, and looked in. It was a large double-room, divided by. foldiug doors, and. comfortably furnished. A bright fire burnt in the grate. The gas was lit. A largo eusy chair stood by tho fire and a table near by was covered with books and papers. Thero was a litter of pipes uud cigarette cases on the mantelshelf. Also a quaintly fashioned tobacco jar, and some old Flemish pottery. The piano stood in .a recces by tho fireplace. It was open, und us I surveyed it, hesitatingly, Emma appeared on the scene. 44 It's ju«t gone six," she said. 44 'E won't be homo till height, if then. Go ahead. I'll be on the look-out." I called up the courage of audacity, and went over to the instrument, xeated myself and began to play, over the opening ohorus of 44 The Isle of Consequences." to sb continued. 