. MR. DEMPSEY ON FEDE RATION- (To the Editor of ihe ' D;D. Gazette') Sir, — I see with sorrow the spread of the federal epidemic day by day, with but little attempt to avert its fatal consequences, fatal to independence and future prosperity. In the history of men, unless we go back as far as mythological Troy, there is no parallel. Troy cot the 'Grecian Horse' in spite of the \- Javelin. They thinking their victory assured; feasted and rejoiced, but in a few hours the streets of Troy were in flames, and peopled by dead warriors and their ghosts. So with Queensland if she voluntarily brings in the federal ass. Her freedom and prosperity, will be the ghosts of what they are to-day. .VVhy such a mental malady should assail us I cannot tell, but I do know, that few escape the microbes of the O'Donohue. Even Mr Groom, who I thought was immune, has ' fiddled the old ditty — 'great colonies speak^ ing the same language, having the same laws, the same literature, and belonging lo the same stock of Great Britain, with its noble, iradi. ? tions.' If - Federation would belter the -position of Queensland now or at any other time, Mr Groom, in common with others (the O'Dohohue execpted), never even at tempted to show how. Some of your readers — m»y have been cattle drovers, and after they had them on a good camp with out apparent cause they rushed off;' not knowing why or where. . It is exactly so with Federalionists. ljjyen the leaders of the movement offer no reason except childish, senseless prattle. There may., be a little apparent reason in Defence, but how much more in guaranteed neutrality, and just now is the time to try it at the peace confer ence. I am' surprised at inv old friend and ally, Mr. Tolmic, but I, don't blame him for it. The measles may spare many, but federal lunacy very few. Might I ask Mr. Tolmie to recall our many conversations on Federa tion, even during the last few months, and might I ask him to turn to certain leaders in the '? Darling. Downs Gazelle,' penned by his own hand within the last nine months? What are the reasons for the apparent change now ? He reiterates lhat daring mendacity of Murray lhat Queensland farmers would be benefited by sending their produce South. What will we send ? A few cases of peaches, a few benches of grapes. Does he 'believe the .thing, himself? Hut he quotes Morgan, who, 'of all others, I hope should have been de feated for his cheek in coming forward to bamboozle any farming constituency. '?. Mr. Morgan says the real question is not will it pay to join, but will it pay to stay uiu of Fed eration while we can go in on our own terms. The phrase ' On our own terms' is really too good. As to the others, it will not pay to join. It will pay to stay out now and for ever. Since Queensland has been Queensland we, , have stayed out, and we have rejoiced at Our liberties. We rejoiced a: our release, and since then we have not lost anything by our independence History repeats itself, and we may rely on it that we will lose nothing. Ever since the foundation of the colony we have / been reckoned the best colony in the group. We nny be reckoned the best land on the globe, both as regards our constitution^ and gifts of nature. There might have been some improvements such as attaching some indi vidual; to one end of a rope and throwing the other over a beam. Now' I come to Mr O'Donohue's address, and openly and unre servedly I admit it is far and away the- best essay I have heird or read \oh the subject by a I ederatiomst His mass of figures and calcu lations are astonishing for one who has to work for his Mcluils-;. his argument* were clever am] his word clothing no discredit to any public min, There were just two things waht ing — truth and common sense. These defects, I think, Mr- O'Donohue was, aware of, for a few diys after his first address he said to- me, ' I suppose jou think. I ought lobe kicked;', to winch I replied that it would be too good for one who attempted to betray the independ-, ence of his country and the prosperity of his people Now, sir, to show your readers where Mr O'Donohue and his address fails. In his __ first address he said he had been a farmer and knew all alxnu it. The same is daily asserted by ever} pick man, black or white, that comes ?\lons; In some part of his last address he asserts the great possibilities of farming here, ilso his huh in the pluck and stamina of j Queensland -farmers. Under all these condi v-gtions why did not -Mr O'Donohue stick to v firming? In tones of virtuous indignation he * uuuu ? aiiiuuc u» mnuers. . unioriunaieiy . we hive too much' lobe ashamed of in the shape of friends and hangers on. 'He did not ad dress the leisured class, but working class.'. What a blessing to have a lcisurer working to instruct them 'He* was not there for any mercenary motive.' I believe him; I have known him a long time, socially I admire him, and looking back to politics Pope's 'couplet' pops up, ' Alwajs true to his vocition, Tor the court against the nilion1' He said ' Mr Groom ilso sud it would Mil t the farming industry' lo this string of arguments here spice will not permit of reply, ??but it is here where untruth and nonsense bristles most I would isV )our readers to re read it ' He sud 'The working 111111 did not receive highei wiges by reason of protec 1 tion ' The wages of Hie worker must now ind for ill time, where hnd holds one shire in ?product's and the worker three be l,o 1 v „ verned by the price of products Prior lo this ' I have shown that Federation would reduce the price of products from 10 to 33 per cent, there fore the price of labour and the price of all land will he reduced, except pastoral, and likely that too by speciallaxation and an excise duty on stool to meet a deficit of some ^2,000,000 Ijlon't claim to be minutely correct in mj fig ires,- but correct enough to be substantially true. % Just add -10 per cent for ^ loss of revenue, consequent upon depression, lo my former figures, and you will be as near the truth is) 011 cm be at the present time. He »» sud ' On the very tea they drank they paid in duty £121,000.' Would it surprise Mr. O Donohue lo be told that we do not pay one farthing of th u amount directly or indirectly. He who grows the lea pays it' into our purse and never gets 1 penny back in return. Thr.t money is expended by you and for you : it is simply 111 ikmg a stranger contribute io the ex pensesof)our government. It may be said llnluc pa- this tax in buying ten. We do not; the 1 1\ is dre uly paid, and by your buying lea you onl- mil e it possible for Ihslea producer lo come and pay more nf your taxes. He said : ' If a farmer could show him l)ml lm irinnl'fl iiwin- (Yum .tr.it ? :.... then lie would hide his head.' This ilncs not need 1 reply, lie then gnes on in prow lo his own satisfaction, at any rale tu suit ihu aims of those who have the honor of his sup. 5-orl, lhat farmers lose ,£80,000 In' protvetiun. kit how much easier il would be In prove thai the 1 re isurer gain* j£So,ooo or mure from protection, which, if withdrawn, will have- 1' be inucle good in some way or another. !--?- trenchment may he resorli'd to. The f.u'.iur benefits indirei lly lo lh;ii amount also evervune dependent upon him. The classes named mchi le everyone in Tnnwonuiliu, and what ipplies lo this town applies to every farming . centre. As ihe farmers lo Iho towns so are . the towns lo the cities Vet Mr OMWiliuc '.(.' is highly complimented by some of the Press, , :' but some of the I'rcss will compliment anyxn.: . , or anything occasionally. I laving a little eon \- ? side-ration lefl, I must puss Mr O'Omiolmc -'* ihe'sugur industry and his muss of figures, which , I would not guarantee to he true or false, lie said 'he had been nformed by many farmers/ from the south that many farmers were waiting for Federation to sell out nnd conic and settle' in Queesland. Can not they sell until their farms are bettered by Federation, or why have they not come here be-fore to evjoy our speciaal advantages which we will lose by Federation? That Mr. O'Donohue could get sensible men to listen to him is to me a perfect puzzle. I am fully convinced that it is unnecessary to appeal to farmers ; neither have I felt fear for the land holders or properly owners aruund Towoomba, nor yet the commercial men. But let me appeal to trade operatives. I regret I have not even a c opy of the Queensland tariff, but I would ask every trades-man or woman in Toowoomba to obtain a copy and see for themselves how Federation, otherwise frcetrade, would affect them, and -not, trust me, or Mr. O'Donohne in nis ravings. If therp is anything Mr. O'Donohue shines in it is in federal finance. He said, ' Mr. Groom said we would get back only ^999,000.' Mr. Groom said nothing of the kind. He said we would probably get back nothing, and Mr. Groom in thaNs right. He said, -'All we would have 'to pay the expenses of Govern ment would be £999,000.' In 'that he is wrong, for we would have to at leiist deduct the amount of intercolonial taxation, which isabout ;£ 80,000 or ,£100,000, and. also a. certain hrinkage of Treasury returns; about three hues the former' amount, which will give us about half a million to pay for internal go vernment. Result : .Retrenchment, all forms of Uuces.thnt.CMi-.be' collected, Vending with an excise duty on wool, for there will be little else left. I must reluctantly' -.part-. -'with Mr O'Donohue. Dr Nolan, in moving a vote of ?thanks,- said '.' Mr O'Donohue deserves a higher sphere. of labor.' Did he think if? If ,he did, ..why, -'did.', he not get him to. stand instead of Tolmie, or with Tolmie? There was room for two, and certainly he ranks first as a Federationisl. Wonderley, I think, was trying to make a record to see what he could make an audience believe. Example 1 : ' If Federation was going to benefit any part of the colony it would benefit the Darling Downs, and increase the value of vested lands.' (2.) 'She could go in now on her own terms.' (3.) 'The result of Federation would make their lucerne lands worth ^26 per acre, be cause Federation look £v or 15s per ton off the price of lucerne.' I think he has the record, if anyone believed him, but, Sir, I think I have made the discovery of age, but you must keep it quiet. -If a' man, or a few ? men, by their Ciceronic eloquence,; can make, sensible men mad, can the same men by,the. same means make mad men sensible ? I think so; and would suggest that: the; next meeting of the Federalists would be held at the Asylum at Cranley, and the results carefully noted and reported. lo Mr Fpxton by the physician of the ;p''y--' :?' '?;?.???*?;:. -*':'?;.,;? --.',- ?-??;. . -?/? - * Yours, etc., ?'-.?...:?'-.?.'.'.. ' ? / M. Dkmi'SEY. Icrneshrorie, Gowrie, March; 14, ,1899. ' ? 