DEAN GOLDSMITH ON SACER DOTALISM REPLY TO THE REV. Dr ROSS. In Wednesday's WEST AUSTRALIAN was published a summarised report of an address delivered the previous evening by the Rev. D. Ross, M.A., the president of the Church Council of Western Australia, at the opening meeting of the first annual session of that body, in the course of which Mr. Ross made several references to sacer- totalism in the Anglican Church. Last evening the Very Rev. Dean Goldsmith, preaching at St. George's Cathedral,, replied to Mr. Ross's statements, taking for his text II. Cor. iv, 5, 6, 7 : " For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake. For God, Who commanded the right to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us." Dean Goldsmith said some of them took part that morning in a service of special solemnity, when three men, realising the call of God, yielded themselves to that call and dedicated their lives to the ministry of the Church. Such services as that pointed to the expediency of sometimes reviewing their own position with regard to the economy of grace which had been instituted by Christ in the world. He quoted from the Book of Common Prayer to show that there had been from apostolic times three orders of ministers bishops, priests and deacons, and said this was not his view or their view, but the principle of the Church of England, that these orders existed for the edifying of the body of Christ- the Church of England. During the past week there had been meetings of a body which was designated the Church Council in this place, an association of the ministers of the various religious bodies about them. First of all, he would like to say, and say publicly, that they did well to thank God from the bottom of their hearts for all the good work that was done by those who differed from them in some respects, but who, so far as their work was good, must be doing it under the influence of the Holy Ghost. He would like to say, further, that they ought to rejoice at seeing those bodies being drawn together in sincere unison. He was perfectly certain the more the various religious bodies were drawn together, the better it would be not only for themselves, but" for the Church and the world at large, because they knew it was their unhappy divisions which hindered the conversion of the world to Christ. But while that was so, there were certain words which, according to the reports in the newspapers, were spoken at the opening meeting, and which, he thought, they could not help regretting. The. president was reported to have said that " Christ had opened the way by which sinners returned to pardon." After an allusion to a retrograde movement they saw in one church of the Reformation, the church which he afterwards said was the Church of England, the president said: "He who put a priest between the soul and God, they were told to call a traitor to the Cross of Christ," and, further on, " Sacerdotalism came between the sinner and God." This all referred to the Anglican Church. It was very easy to seize upon a word which had an aroma about it which made it stink in the nostrils of the world-a world like sacerdotalism and without explanation to assume that the popular meaning of the word conveyed the meaning of the body with which one differed. The hymns they had sung that night proclaimed with no uncertain sound the claim they made as Christian people to perfect access to God, and that they recognised no barrier between the sinner and God, and so they were quite ready to allow the truth of the words " that Christ had opened the way by which sinners returned to pardon." This was quite true, but did not give the full story of the truth. The story of the prodigal son showed that it was not only the way back to pardon, but the way back to the Father's love to the home, and to all the privileges and blessings represented by the ring and the fatted calf. They were second to none in preach- ing to the world the sacrifice of Christ, the only sacrifice the world had ever seen, the only Mediator the world could own, and, in the highest sense, the only Priest since the world existed. But while that was true, they must remember to maintain the fullness of the truth which God had revealed to them. St. Peter, for example, said of all true believers in Christ, " Ye are of royal priesthood.'^ St. John said, " Jesus Christ has made us kings and priests unto God." They were united to Christ ; they were members of Christ, and therefore they necessarily shared in His priesthood, and the sacrifice He offered was their sacrifice, and the merits He pleaded for them were their merits, too, though not in the sense that He had created them. He pointed out that the words which the apostles applied to the Christians were the very words which God had spoken to his ancient people, as worded in the Old Testa- ment. This was only half the truth. Besides the general priesthood of the old Hebrew Church, there was an inner circle of priests confined to a single family, having special functions and privileges, and no less a ' penalty than death was the punishment of those outside that family who attempted to enter the special priesthood. He cited the punishment of Korah, Dathan, and Abram as a proof of this, and said this was in the minds of the apostles when they drew the analogy between the old Hebrew people and the Christian people. When God wished to deal with them. He used men as instruments for his visit is 4.1... purpose. They could not; deny this u they looked at the analogy of other phases of life. As soon as a child was born it depended upon God for its food, but drew it from the mother's breast. Would they say that the mother came between the child and God, as forming a barrier? The teacher was between God and all science and the man who was learn- ing. A sick man lay on his bed, and only God could cure him, but He chose to do it by the skilled physician and the remedy he prescribed. The man who had received an injury could only receive his remedy from God, but it was the magistrate who came between God and the man to right the wrong. And so, when they thought of those who were seeking and groping for the truth, and the minister came to declare the glad tidings, did the preacher come between the sinner and the Saviour in the sense of being a barrier? Was it not the truth that the man or the woman was used as the instrument by God to carry out His Divide, loving, and compassionate purposes ? Because they believed this principle, they heard such words as " the arrogance of priests," as used upon the occasion he referred to. He quoted from one of Dr. Pusey's works in denial of this asserted arrogance on the part of the priesthood. Then they asked themselves, did the words of Christ and His apostles justify the conclusion he had drawn ? Most certainly. He chose 12 men as the precursors of the Christian bishops, priests, and deacons which were to follow, and called them apostles and spoke to them words such as these : " As My Father hath sent Me, even send I Yon." And when He had breathed upon them He said, Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them and whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained." ' He that receiveth you receiveth Me and he that receiveth Me receiveth Him that sent Me." After further quoting from Christ's commission to His disciples, and St. Paul's statement, " Weare ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us," the very rev. gentleman said that when Christ sent His representatives he did not part with His authority, but that was His very way of putting that authority into action. Did the Governor in any one of the colonies in any sense such as had been suggested play the traitor to the Queen by administering in her name? It was a pity that such bad names were dealt out. A priest of the Church could only say in all humility, 'Christ has sent me and I re- present Him.'' Whatever position Christ- conferred, upon His apostles, He intended it to be continuous, for" He said: "Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." The end of the world had not yet come, and, therefore, the promise must be for the ministers of His Church when they were engaged in their official acts. The apostles thought this, for they laid hands on others, Timothy and Titus, for example, to exercise their authority and fulfil their functions, and a perform their services for mankind, when they should be removed from the world. Christ inaugurated the sacrificial system, and appointed men to carry it on. They knew that the vague and shadowy theory that man could do without any intermediary was much more what the world would like. It savoured of independence, and, therefore, specially appealed to English ideas. But they must remember the conditions of the Gospel, and must not dare to tamper with any system which had been set out by the Lord Jesus Christ. When they as ministers thought what the ministry of I Christ was they could only ask them to pray for them that they might declare to them the whole Gospel of God. They (the ministry) must do it humbly, remembering that their lives were devoted to God for the service of those about them, and that they should make every thought, word, and action | subservient to the great ministry to which they were called. They might well be suspicious of short cut to the way "Of salva- tion other than those which Christ had instituted. " Come unto Me all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will refresh you." That was the way of the Church, and the way of the Gospel, definite and certain by which they might come to Him. Depending one upon another priests upon people and people ! upon priests, summed up in that promise of infinite life which Christ had declared to all the peoples of the world. 