ANGLICAN CHURCH. IT'i EABLY niSlOHY. THIRD ADDRE-^?. ' In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy GhoBt. Amen." |;Ii!U3t Stttiday we traced tha history of our io tha year A D. <501, whoa St. was called from his earthly serve inthe ministry of the Church triumphant. Much more of interest might be brought forwaid to support the contention that the English Church is far older than the days when Augustine farousht thegospel to the Saxons in Ent Anglin and Kent, The fact is asser'ei by history and by the sad realiy of martyrdom, the blood of the saints witnessing to the livin? Church being in the lan'. Ths Councils of the United Oatholic Church prove that the organisation of the Church was in perfect work in rur Mother Land. St. Augustine the Missionary leaves on record tlii assertion of the independent spirit of he Diitieli Bishops whom he mat-, and St. Gregory 'he Groat In a left letters cmfirrmu; 'ho fact (hat he sont Augustine to conv it tho Anglo-Saxons, and charging tin not to intnpfere wi h other ohurches he might find inlna journeys It is remarkabln that those who repeat the statement that has been proved utterly false. i.e., that there was no knowledge of Christ in Britain till the coming of Augustine, all profess to believe the very 'o=tiinony that pnves their words untrue. T;i»y profrsa fai'h in history, iu tho Council* of tlin Church, in the deeds and words of both St. Augustine aud Bishop Gregory ; and yet, my brethren, they •till continue to atsert as true and fnet, that wjiich those whom they ate bound to believe affirm io bo laleo and fiction. Their position is u'terly illogical, and to our common sense absolutely untenable. When tho shallow and absmb arguments of our oppounnts am brought to tho test of examination they are never ablo to pass When St.. Augustimdied, the ohutch by him estHbli-]nd mHy bo said to includn the Kingdom of Kent a,nd that of the West Saxonp. Aueusliue and hie followers chti*tiaijiscd the people in Kent, and Birinua, a Roman missionary, planted the faith in the West Saxon kingdom. Ynt the faith was spread moro or lees over'he whole of England, though not from Roman sourcep. This will appear plaiu whnn wi consider the various fp iuee whence flowed thofnith all over tho land. Northumbiin, wbiVh was thon by far the mos' iinportaut kingdom in England, having bad tlireo Bertvaldas in succession, was finally and fully converted by St Aidan and 8-. Fiuan TbeBe two early mispionmies came from Iona, which was a Scoto- British settlement With little effect and no Ins ing result, Paulinue, a Roman, had previously preached io Northumbtia. East Anglia owed its conversion to Felix, a Burgundiau missionary, but this may be legendety. However, it is certain that if he began the work, it was more successful under. Fursey and his fellow laborers, who were connected with tho IriBh Church. From 8c-to-Bi it if h, and not Roman, sources the entire Kingdom of Mercia, which comprised the whole of the central part of the country, received the true faith. Whore Rome had rlanted the Catholic faith amonpnt the Ea6t Saxons there was no result. It entirely disappeared, but was lastiLgly established by 'lie Bliti-h Churih through St. Oedda, the dUciple of St. Finan. St. (Vdda was the brother of the yi-t more iilustrioua St. Chad You will thus see that the final result of Augustine8 mission was limited to a small portion of England, where it was confined. Having arrived at this point of ' our history, let us notice the process of amalgamation that followed the conversion of England by the British Church and the Botnan mission. The beginning of this prooeas we trace to No<thumbria and tn« court of King Oswy. Tho difference b. t ween the British Church and the Eoman of hat day were chiefly in manners and customs, not in doctrines The Ilomau Catholic then was as evangelical and pure indoct<ineas the apostolic British Church. Both churches regarded their rites and ceremonies with peculiar reverenco and affection. On the one tide tne Romans boasted of their observances having the sanction of all the Western Churches, and on the other aide the very ancient ritual and ceremonies the Britons btd received from apos'olic sources, and were of Ephcseiie origin. When asked to abandon their" Use" or liturgy aud adop f , the Roman " Use." the Bishops of the Churoh replied t'iftt they had receivedtheir services from aucient times and tho Apostle St. John, who was Bishop of Ephttus. But this question, captivating as it is, we leave, till w* come to the study of our T• aver Book When knowledge had so far increased that the two " Uses" often cam" into collision with each other, i» became evident tha' one must giva way. This fact firstbeoame apparent in the Northern country, in the Northumbrian Court, and it U well worth noting that how it came to pass. King Oswy was tho ChriHtian king of Northumbian and observed the 'Use" of tho British Church. Ue manied a Christian princess from Kent, who observed the Eoman " Use," which, of couise, was the only odo she had ever known, that introduced by Auftus'ine. some forty years C iously. PrincoKs Eauflada, when eho methe jpobeortof.Siijg Oswy, naturally toother teaob'eriiaud customs with her, and to the two ." Uses" met each other. Now all went well for a time until Oswys son, Alchfiid, came upon the scene. He contended strongly for the Eoman "Use" and 00 it would at times happen that the con* troveraies waxed earnest aad strong. Yearly it wpuld ,-«cour . that.-the King would be observing the joyous Festival of J3i«tor. while the QueeD, her son, and those with W Were in the solemn last of Lent or vice versa But so great were the two saints, Aidan aud Finan,;and so sincere the reverence they inspired and reoi*ived, that while tliey lived things -continued as they were, St. Finan lived the Longer of the two, and'after him came Colman and then the Eoman party Induced the King to call for a conference on these points. This conference was held sixty, years after rAuguatine'e d«atb, and. took place in fifii A.b. at Whitby. It is greatly worthy of note that this Council of the Church called to decide to great a question was purely /national one, and held without any authority w influence of the Bishop of Some proving at that time the Ohurohwas . entirelyiiidepojident of auy outside influence. And so it came to pus, that from within and not from without, the union of the two branches of the one Oatholio Churoh beoame effected on a perfect equality, retaining of oaoh ftotae distinctive feature, which are itilltraoeableInouraocep ed "Use'' or Bo >k of CommonPrayer.. The story of this meeting is toplong to recouut here, but any good Chutch history will afford all the information upon the Jrtnflt. _ "The result of the couference m a t h e British Churoh adopted the Btiiwfrttiantierpf keeping Easter as we do jjOfr^Spkeid oI always upontbe l.4tb day of ... , .. - * " w«| fliot introduced Thus this mietiug raved the way for the work of Theodore who brought the two churches closer together, and so finally the various kingdoms came under the influence cf one great Church,' and that u»t tho Unman, but th* Cbuich of E'igland. How slow the process cf amalgamation was will best be p iceiv d by a list of dates th*t can easily be carried an the memory. For five hundred years after Augustine's rooting the independence remained and complete conformity was only secured after a protracted struggle This s age was not reached till tho days of Mac Roderick, the Bishop of Armagh in 1172 A.D. Wales did not acknowledge the supremacy of Canterbury till the middle of tbe 12th century ana no representa'ive of the Bishop of Eomo appnared in England in an official capaci y till 107i> A.I)., when William the First tecog. nised tbe Papal Legate. It waB afterthiB tbilt the Auglo-Hnxon clorgy were dfptive'l, and N'ormaus intiudfd into th^ir places, and so finally the more ancient andw> akerchunh was overshadowed by the newer aud tho etroi g«r. It would weary you to hear of all the protest*, io many ways, by every king in ulj periods of our his'ory that veio made against tho power of the Roman Church. Even iu tho dark days of John the sime efforts weio continued, but the tfmptirol force and not tho spiritual, only, kept the people uuder eubm^sion. Again and again that power, in spite of all mmo usKiTtiotis to tbe oontraiy, was u.-ed in uu'iiiiquitous manner. King and people ware uu-ler, not a willing olioiie:ico, but a puw^r of fotcn oi.ly, without frHjilotn in woid orded; no life or libeity s'ifo; i.'dumtion .ilinof stamped out, except in the large sots «>f le»iruiiig, au«l then only 8'ich allowed as would lead the tniird a>i<1 coni- cioiico to bo more 0'iinpl«tely undor tho cou'rol of the spiritual «d isur. All this is tlw pi.j'uro of th-ise awu' 'iiiiop. A *ery intere- ing pae^gi is th^ lol owing, wb.cb you will find i i Canon l'«iry« llistoiy of the Chuich. pag« 'J89: " It is one of the wonderful coincidences of histuiy that tbe gruatpfit aii'J most vigorous of the llomau pontiffs, Innocent III, bhould have been contemporary with tho worst and weakest of the En*;li>h kings (King .lohnj. Of this tbo immediate result was tbe utter pioe ratlon of the Church aud Realm nf Ktigland before tho footstool of Home. But tho ultimate result was far otherwise. Out ol thit veiy prostration, aud the yearing for liberty which it produced, sprang an ever-iucreacing movement towards national life and freedom in the Church of England, which cun'inmd t<i gather force until it was completuly. developed iu the 10th Century . . Famous bishops, euch as ISdtnuud Uich. Eob«rt Gtossftteste, and otbeis, preserved the tradition ( f natiouality up to the vigo'ous days of Eilward I; and thu Popes found that., iu spi'e of tho prrc- deuts of the <i ys ot Inno cent, th"y had to deal in the Englifh Church n t with a moro tributary of tho Roman See, but with a National Church, having its own laws, customs, privileges, and pow«rs.' The latter part of kin extract could bo repeated in substantial effect during each reign from William the| FiistJ to that of Edward VI, or even Queen Elizabeth, it is most remarkable that, during th« whole'time of tho rule of the Roman Church in England, our Church in evory iuetance retained i s national title. It was never anjthing but «h»t now it is. Powers both secular and sacrcd, lay or clerical, political or ncclesias ical, each and every one, spoke .of our commuiiion as the Church of England. Bulls and pastorals, letters and injunctions, writs aiid citations, interdic's ai:d institutions, councils of church, and pailiameuts of the nation, all and several, designate our Church by its national name. It was, is, aud shall b« the Church of Eugland. llow comes it about that an infallible liihbup iu It»ly, one who, ex cathedra, cannotj err ( P). should, in 1215 A.O., speak of the Church of England, and lay it and the land under a cuisn; when i- is uublushinjily assorted that Henry VIII iu the ICth Century,_«>r more than 'hrea hundred yeare later, l'uvon ed. madf, and startei going tho liuich of Euglajid 1 One asks, and with all berioumiesB wi h an'earnest deBire to obtain information, how many Church-*s of that name ware there ia existence ? And ag^in, if there were two, ouo ouly now remaining, what became nf the other ? Ann if it be that the Church (nowso vastly growing and utrongthening) bo tht-O'-e ttuted by Llenry VIlI, may wo uot logically concjuile, on the basis of the "suivivalof the fittest,"that tbe other was not worth proserving; and. if our deductions lead us to any definite result, shall we not find it iu this : That the t'ue, pure, aud Holy Catholic and Apostolic Chtirth, which most certainly is now in abundant evideuce, is the better of the two, and the other bas had to go uuder and dinappear. Olio of the moBt crushing arguments againtt th»mselvi s. used by members of the-Cbuich of Borne, is to nH-ert 'he formation of our Church by Henry YI1I as it lncontestably proves tho extinction of that church to which 60 many of their saints belonged, and therefore by that estino ion 'he other h:ow of the faith from •h>irp<int of view. I is gra-.t'd on. all side- that the Ro.j ^h acctetious upou the Oatholio fai h in the Church were overthrown aud oist off by the Oouicb, not by Ueury Vlll, but they formed no put of the true Chuich of Euglaud, wbicll never was Roman, but always Catholic The absurb asseitiou ie no* the first., nor will it be the last, in which the ball rebiunda and strikes with deadly force the thrower. I know it will be aigued that the Uses, doctrines, discipline, and fai b of the Roman Communion were all dominaut iu England, end thalefore it-Was to all iutents the Church ot Rome I admit this and even more, but _ I maiutaiu, with open history before ipe, it u«v«r ^ieji*si(inatid ought but the Chinch of E glan 1 . Had those who finally closed the long period of thrf i>ef<nmatiou given the Reformed ' hunh any other desigoa ion I had had no word to say ; but standing as wa do in lb) clear light of the hist >rio page tiret penued to.record our marvb(I iub career, to the last scibe and commentator on hur wonderful histoiy, I find but oue name, one designation, one 'itle, one 1 gaud upoii Tier golden shi ld.and th«t is, Church ol England. Times indeed there have been when, tossed on tho w ves of peiBflCution and trial, she has almost gonedown; when feavu of heresies and., strange dootriues have invaded hor ark; when oppression from those who ought to have minis ered to her needs, and compulsion iu the place of persuasion, has been meted out to her, aud that from those who impiously claimed to be the sole repoui ory of God's grace on earth. Yet, in . spite of all, beoause " Tho Lord it Hosts was with us" (Pa. xIvi-M) and tho '-God of Jacob mu our refuge,' (Rom. viii 38) we are more than conquerors, through Uiin that loved «», " His Body the" Church." You will have noticed, my brethien, how the Kritish and Roman Churches, cach iudepen. dont of the other, came to be amalgamated, and.that out of the two thus urn ed feme forth one, still the Church of the land, retaining distinctive features, rites, and cere monies that were neueroblitera'ed Passiog over tbe long poriud of trial, we shall nnxt tiuuday take up the Story in the time of the first Englieh Boformer, John Wyoliff, and reach the end of the long Refoimation period, and iu so doing I trust to show vou thit God so carefully led and guided Uis Lloly Churoh in our land; that to no human ageuoy aloue but to His Divine Spirit can we tn oe the Light, Life, and Liberty ia which OQW it is our tyewdseeito 