THE FEDERAL CAMPAIGN. ME. EDMDND BARTON AT WEST MAITLAND. ' One of the largest and moat enthusiastic public meeting? ever held in West Maitland wag chat which assembled l»ft evening in the Toivn HkII to bear an address by Mr. Edmund Barton in explan ation and advocaoy of tbe amended Common wealth Bill fur tbe federation of the AiiRtrnlian colonies. All the available seating accommodation was occu pied, and standing room could scarcoly be obtained. Tha audience wan thoroughly representative, and wbilo ladiea were, present in large numbers every; Bbnde of political opinion waa represented at the meeting;, which unlfke some' of those held in the metropolis was not- only of tbe must orderly and attentive 'nature, but ' thoroughly enthusiastic, showing that tho federal spirit of the people is deep, and earnest. Mr. Barton throughout his address, whioh occupied over- two hours in delivery, was frequently and heartily applauded, and there could be no doubt that bis words carried conviction to. tho minds o( the great majority of the large audience. At the conclusion of his address a vote wbs taken, and only a solitary hand held up in opposition. Mr. R'bert Rosa, President of the local branch of the United Federal League of, No it South Wales, occupied the chair. On th« platform were the following eontlemen— Meaare. J. Gillies, C. H. Dieht, and K. A. Prioe, M'b.P., the Ravs. Arthur Killworth, M.A.. LL.B-, J. B mccrs, E. J. GlneBon, M. F. MoAuiiffa, B.A , Major Sloan, Captains W. C. Mark wall and J. W. Scobie, Alder men H. Crotburp, J.P., C. E. Nioholsen, J.P;, P. Boarke, J P., and J. H. F. Wilier j Messrs. John Kourke, John Lee, John Doylp, and Ban. Unxra (Cesinocb), M. Murray, John Ejiiright, J's.P., Dra. W. D. Power, J.P., W. J. Euaaell, and 11. 0 Alcorn, Messrs, W. Q. Lipsoomb, W. J. Eiiriu'lit. B.A., Jan. Pullford, 8. Beattie, W. T. Moore, W. A. Terry, D.; Ji Cox, M. Scobie, W. I. Hartoher, I1. W. Silk, J. H. P. Blaokistoo (Newcastle), R J. O'Halloran, D. J. Ryan, W. MoLanchlin, C. J. H. King, C. E. Orutnh, W. Neville, W. A.. Kline, C. E. Wilks, and J. Kennedy. ' ' ? \- The Cd:aibmA.n 'said -^o bad muoh pleasure in' attain introduuing to the eleotors his distinguished friand Mr. Edmund Bnrfcon (applause). The eplondid work that Mr. Barton had carriud an ia the interests of federation, provioua to the last referendum wnn woll-known to all, and ho thought they oould take it for granted that only for tho work done him they would not have been able to ' record Buch a large majority in favour of federation. Mr. Burton whs now as much in earnest as ov«r he bad been, and bad again commenced tho noblu work, Hi! dared a ay he would not forget the splendid reception he had received in West Mait land on the last occasion, and he was certain the audience would give him as putiont a hearing. In return for that ho had no doube they would hear Romnthing in reference to fedoration worth listen ing to. Mr. Barton, who was received with loud and prolonged applause, said that last year very muoh, about tbo same time of the year aa it was now, the tUROtora of West Mnitlnnd had held a magnifioeut mooting in that lnrgn hall, at whioh thopnoplo wore kind OQiiugh to give hima very flittering reception, and although ho was no stranger to Maitland it wasvery gratifying to him. to obsisrve how many (Inn adhorentR to foderal prinoipli/B there wore, in the, distriot. Too electors, hud given a splendid, vote on that occasion, and he now usked thnm not only to repeat that vote, hut to incrnaso it by aa many votes as poBaiblu. He hud told them whoa be wan in Maitland before that a parfeot hurricaao of misrepresentation had been thrown at tho bill by its opponents; but, now, that was not tin* word for it— it was mot with a purfuct blimird. But ho believed the people would give an even moro emphatic aBHUranco in favour of tho bill than they did -this- time last year. They would, ho darud Btty, not be dlsplonBod to learn that ho had beou travelling .on tour in tho northern colony of Qii'senalatid, and in tbo northern pactB of thin oblony | and, as a result of that tour, lie wan equally sanguine of the reception of tho fedornl bill in' Queensland bb he waB in Nuw South WnlOB. Aooompanind by thuh brilliant spnakur -^nd well-tried Liberal, Mr. Alfrn'd Doaltin, of Viotorla, h« went to Queensland. Thoy both Bpoke In Brishune. Mr. Doakln Rpoko at Warwick, ?ind he (Mr. Barton) at IpBwich and Toowoomlm. Tho. Brisbane meiiting wan one he scarcely ovnr saw approached for brilliancy and enthusiasm. It who one of tho greatest meetings ho had over noon, rtxonpting perhaps the groat mooting hold in tho Centennial Hull in Sydnoy, whioh wa« attundnd by abont COOO pnople. At Brinbano tho hnll was niit ho largo, but it was donBoly crowded, and many wore unftblo to gain admlttanee. Tho manner ia whioh the speakers w'nre reonived, and th« munnor in which tho sentiment o( federation was received, was vorv trratifying. Evon by those who had no pontiment only thu almighty dollar, tho roferenoert maio to tbo federation of tho Australian colonies boded well for fodnration. Mr. Diokson, tho Premier of Queensland, wasi prcannt nt this moot ing, and af herwardH before thn ranst roproaontativs nudicnoe in tho Queensland AnBerably ho took oooaaion to say that not only would he uao his utmOBt endeavours to advanno tho onuso of foiioratinn, but that ho boliovod tho people of Qiieonpland would carry it by an overwhelming majority. That tallied with tho opinion ot Mr. Philn, tho Treaauror of Quoennland, who naid if tho peopli! of New Pouth Wnlcn acooptnd tho bill, It wan almost cortain that thn people of Queensland would accept it too. Tim pooplo of Queensland wero rnlyinif upon tlio elootorn oT-Nnw South Walnn to got froiii chctu n i;nod wcntnplo fchoy oi»uld follow. Me might Hay tun tnootihgs lui had nddroiijed at i'ontorllold, Qlnn Innnn, Armirtiilc, tiiugrovB, ana othor pluaoH along tho Noithern Railway lino worn iluRorihed by thono who know what thoy woro wiy in«i i»b rouord intfntinga, which nhowod plainly that If the pi-nplo of Mail land hit out; for thin bill tho rest nf tho nortlutm rliotrlnb would holp thorn. Ho h'id alBd addroHBfld un pxcollont mooting at Tam wnrth where an ulmont unanimous vote waa carried in fnvonr of fodoration. Thnro wan nothing but an inuuniflonut minority iiijuinat thorn on thiitocon olon. Opponuntn of tlio fudcral bill woro oalling it natnoii. Tho onllod it tho Soorot OonPoronoo Bill, but that bill in its miiin foaturon wan framod by tho convention at whioh tho pe.oplo of Now South Wiilnn, Victoria, Taamanin, and South Aiintralin, were each repronontod by ton delogateo ohonon by thn pnoplo. v under tho broudost and froi'st suffrago known— a anffrngo r»s domooralic as any in tho world. Tho delegates roproHontinir Wonturn Australia wnro'oloatod by thn Parliament of tbnti oolom . Tnono dolegatos had tnnfc ill M^lbnuriio, i« S.vdnoy, and in Adolnido, and tho Cisuntitutloa Uill w«b fiamoa tho sumo as every bill was framed in tbe Legislatures »f the colonies, and as openly. It was framed in theeamo way bb th« Conutitution of tho United States. Tbo press w»b present, and not only present at all meetings of the Convention, bnt waa always at work trying to get Jill the information they could from the various delegates. Now how ciuld a bill like that he described as a Secret Conference OiU'P No, but it waa simply because it was amended Rt tho Premiors'Cunfereuco, but no amendments could have any iSft:t nilhout thoy had tbo concur ivnci) of tbe people. It whb amended by a conference of Premiers nf the various colonies, men who were elected by and had the conSdenco of tho people, men who bad themselves been put in leading representative positions, it was amenod by some thing they could call representative authority, and those who were supporting the bill bad reason to complain of those opponents who seeing it approved by such conference yet called it a Besret conference bill. Certain members of, the Legislative Council in New South Wales were doing thoir utmost to try and keep tbe people from giving a straight vote on the question. They knew that the bill in tbe past h»d been accepted by the people and they knew that the amendments made in it bv tbe Premiers' Conference would also be accepted by the people. Every bill -ras framed at private meetings. When a bill came before the Parlia ment of the country in either House the members knew what it was going to be, and no complaint was made about where or how it waB drafted. Bat because the present federal constitution bill bad bsen amended at the Premier's Conference opponents of the measure said a secret conference of .the . Premiers was going to pass tbe bill if tbe people let thorn have the chance. These people called it the Secret Confer ence Bill, but what sincerity was there about that. One coald understand whySiome people called it that. It was beCRUse evil communications corrupt good manners. One could understand the Chinese Berald being an enemy of the bill, beoauso it gave authority to tbe federal parliament to deal stringently with the subject of alien immigration. No wonder the Chinese Herald was against it. But there were others aUo. No one wondered that the. Chines- Herald, was opposed to a policy the prinoipal objection to which seemed to be that federation was diutaBteful to tho principles of the Emperor of China, It was alao oalle.d the Lawyers Bill. Some people said tho electors would have to olejt some of the leading lawyers to the federal Parliament if the hill passed. But people were not bound to eleot them. They could do eo if they choBe. But if these wero elected it would show tbe paople tmd some confidence in them, and if they did not it .wonld not nutter. If tbe bill, waa a lawyers' bill 'how wab it that eight out of every ten lawyers in the. LogiKlative Council were against it. There was Dr. MncLuurin. 'Ho waB against it. 'Why was he so vuiy angry about the lawyers' when he knew he never supported a bill in Parliament that had not bean fri.med bylawyora. Sir George Dibbs was another opponent of the measure. Yet during tho financial panic in 1893 he passed into law a measure, drafted by two of tbe very lawyers who had drafted the federal constitution bill, that was Mr. R. E. O'Connor and himself (Mr. Burton). Perhaps Dr. MacLaurin bad now turned round because two lawyers bad the audacity to put this bill into tho proper legal shape in which every bill should be found. This wbb merely clap-trap. But £somo people thought thoy could make the people beltavo tin' bill was anything. Then tbero Was the Daily Telegraph. (A voice: The Telegraph is a £ood miDHii. Yes. it was a verv orood ouour. and in thia caeo not only vary »ble, but as dishonest an it could be. The people tnuBt look at the bill as n whole. That was what they, had to vote for. Not only was it framed by those who were elected by the people on the most demooratio bunis, bat it waB tbo most democratic measurb ever submitted to a free people for thoir acceptance. Bath Chambers whioh were to constitute tbe Foderal Parliament were to be elected by tho same enflragc, and that suffrage waa tho. freest and widest known in the world. They bad not in tho colonies, it was true, an uniform suffrage, but they could leavo it to tho Federal Parliament wifcH tho greatest con fidence to framn an uniform suffrage, bocauaa in doing so it could not take away from any person who now bad a right to voto any of the privileges ho pnssesBod. The only way to give an uniform Btiurago waa t.i Rive tho oamo righto to evnrv Stnto in tho union. Tho womon in South Australia had tho right to vote. That riirht oonld net be takon away from them, and thoreforo tho only way to mako an uniform auffrngo was to givo overy adult tho right to vutii in fedoratod Australia. But he supposed some, peoplo would oay thut would not bo democratic. When tho two Housob — tho Senate and tho Houso of Reproni-ntativi'u — had Bet to work they might diffor occasionally, and undor tho amended bill what was provided for Buchacaso? It was provided — and there was no provision of tho kind oxiating against deadlocks in any other con stitution in tho world,— it was provided that tho .Senate may be diaaolved juat in tho natto way aa tho hiimbln Houdo of HepreBontativpB. That waa unlike tlio UpporHonso in which Dr. MacLaurin Bat, and he boliovod it would be a good thing if that House could bo diusolvod sonietimoo, Tho senators woro not to bo.electod for lifo. The Federal Bill was not giving tho pooplo a oonotitntion in whioh tho only way to euro a doidlook was by swamping. Tho Federal Conntitotion providad that tho two Houses woro to bo eloctod undor tho bhulo suffrage and by tho same pooplo, ond it provided for a double dissolution. If tho doublo dissolution did happen, then as tlio Bill, stood Inut year, it would bo only aftur tho question in dispute had boon sub mitted twice to tho Housn of Representatives. Thon, if tho Houses ntill failed t.) agroo, a joint sitting would haro been hold, and to pass a bill aa amended or aa desired by tho Houae of Ropre aent'itivon, a throivfiffcho majority wan neceaaary. Ho hadnovor cared very much, whether tho pro vision of tho bill wan a thrce-fifthn or a simple majority. Ho did not think thoy would ovor reaoh a doublo diasolution, and thereforo it did not matter whethor thoy had ono or tbo other. But an tho Bill had boon amondod in Molbourno, if ever thoro was a joint sitting tho amendments would mako it eafo that tho majority of tho roprimont.ativos of tho pooplo of Australia would prevail againRt tho minority. Thin donblfl dissolution and pint nitting was n thing not known in any othor constitution. In tho Canadian Constitution thoro was no pro vision against doadlocks no morn than thoro was in that of tho Unitod StntoB, aud tho result ia that tho Senate in Canada wan a vory Con uorvativo body, and an tho Prumior was a vory strong Liberal ho had madosome suggestion that thoy should mako tho aanao expedient as thoy had done in regard to tho Australian Fodoral Con stitution. So thrtt wo woro right ahead of Canada, of tho Unitod StiteB, and alflo of tho SwiBB Constitution, which somo pooplo fluid was so liborat. Horo undor tho amended bill tho pooplo had ovory right conserved to them. Thoy had tho right to turn out a Government any dtiy if thoy lost trust in thorn, which cuuld not bo dono undor the consti tutions of any of tho countrioa ho hud nainnd. This was ono of tho amoudmonts gainod by Mr. Roid in Molbourno. They woro told it wan not a liboral constitution, and that it whb objootionablo bociuso Bomo mon would bo ablo to ait in both Parliamontu — tho Stato and tho Fodoral ParliamontR — and got puid for both. That was a vory misleading utatu mont. If a man was in tho Fodoral Parliamont and wanted to be oloctod to tho Parliamont of Now South Waloa, ho would not bd olootod if tho oon stituonoy ho appoalod to did not think ho had a right to bo thoro, and be oontondod that tbat man waa porfootly safo in tho hands of tho pooplo. In tho State Parliamont if tho pooplo of any distriot whioh a man sooka to roproBout oIioho fcooloot him thoy could, but it thoy think ho ought not to got the pny or uocii ror aoiug cno work of both, than thoy would reject him. That ought to bo Buffloiant in itaolf. Tho pooplo ohould bo truntod, and it wao for tlio. pnoplo who had tho ohooaing to dooido that whioh was not safe for tho constitution to dooido. At first ho wan ngatnut this, but now ho waa in favour of it. Thoro wan no provision in tho bill in favour of it nnd nono ngainot it, no tho pnoplo oould do whatever thoy ploaood about it. Thoy woro told this bill wan not domo oratio, boonuBo tho Sonata lu»d tho power of BHggosting alteration in monoy billa and tho powor of GUggostion was tho «»mo an tho powor of amondmont. If tbo proaont Houoo of ABOombly had aont up a anggostion to tho Uppor Ohambor and obono to frnme a standing ordor It oould framo ono, and it wan for tho mombora of tho Aesombly to oay whether thoy would ontortain it or not. Supporting thoSonato niado a auggoation the Homo no tbo Uppor Houso in South Australia coald now. If itnont down a bill ouirgosting onrtaln amendmonta, thon tho Fedorol Houbo of RoproBontattvoa oould throw thorn out, and iiond buck tho bill to bo taken an a wholo or rojeotod. If they entertained the suggestions then the bill coald only be amended. It wab entirely in the hands of tho House of Representatives whether they would accept theBO suggestions or not. If they were not willing to amend it that monry bill was eacrod from tho touch of the Senate. It was said tbe Sonata had the power of veto or of rejection the eamo ,-u every Becond chamber had, but there was no difference between tho terms. This was a safety-vnlvo in the Confitu tion, because if tho Senato tliroir u meaenro out twice, the power was given to bring about a general dissolution and to bring about a joint aiding of the two Houses, and in face of this powor ho did not think there would be very long diacusEionB incasek of tbia kind. If tho Senato went on throwing a meaaure out, tho double dissolution could be brought on, and the danger of n joint Bitting would finish the job. ThiB was ensured by the Constitu tion. How then could it be said tbe bill was not democratic when these provisions were brought to bear upon their representatives. All this talk of want of liberalism in tbo nil! wbb moonshine got up to deceive tho people. There was no more liberal constitution ever offered to a pnople for acceptance. As provided for in the bill of 1898, each colony when electing members ts the Senate are to elect them as ono electorate. In the one chamber thn repre sentatives would be elected by diatrictB, and in tho other by the people of tbe whole State, voting as one constituency, because these people will be repre senting the State as a whole and not any particular portion of it, At tbe Premiers' Conference it bad provided that Queensland if she be an original State — that is, if she accepts the Constitution now, may make a law to divide the State into districts and determining tho number of Senators to be chosen for each division, and if she did not make tbat law she would have to enter tbe federation as one State. Looking at the enormous area of Queensland, and having- regard to its great natural advantages, no unwise thing bad been done by allowing Mr. Dickson, tbe Premier of Queensland, to have tbat amendment. .The next amnnn ment was that in the bill as it stood the boundaries of a State could not be altered without the consent of the Parliament of that State, but some people were afraid that it was a wolves and thieves amendment. The Parliament of the Commonwealth with the consent of the State Parliament acd the approval of the majority of elec tors of tbat State voting on tho question may alter the boundaries of the State either by increasing or diminishing its territory. A Parliament of a Stato might bo willing to divide sone of its area with a neighbouring State upon terms to be agreed upon, bnt still the thing could not be donp without the people of the State consented by a majority and voting with tbe referendum. The next amend ment waB tbat dealing with tho capital. It waB provided £that tho seat of Government of the Commonwealth should be fixed by Act of Parlia mont and within territory vested in tho Common wealth. And until the federal capital waa fixed by Parliament, tho Parliamott shall moot at tuch place as a majority ot tho StatcB agreed upon or the Governor-General concurred to, In tho amended bill that clause had been altered into this form: That tho seat of Government of tho Commonwealth was to bo fixed by Parlinrannt as before, and in territory as acquired by tbo Com monwealth. But tho great difference waB that now if Now South Waloa enters tho fodoration, if shobo an original utiito, the federal capital shall bo in that State, and distant not loan than 100 milos from Sydnoy, and tho land to bo acquired, to bo given frea to the Comnouwcultb, shall be not less than ten miles square, that waa 100 square miles. It may bo morcthun this, but it cannot be lees. Tha oito ia to JonoiBt of Crown Lands mado over to tho Commonwealth without any payment. That waa a vory fair thing, he considered. If Victoria also enters tho Constitution at tha oamo timo until the seat of Government has been fixed, tho Parliament will meet each year in Melbourne. It did notaeem to him to be a very extravagant conco-iaiori to mako to Melbourne. Whero did tho injustice to Sydnoy coma in? There waa no barring only againat the seat of Government being in Sydnoy and within 100 miles radius of it. There wero in New South Walea 15,700 square miles of torritory whore tho capital may not bo fixed, and there wore 284,000 Bquaro miles whoro it ceuia bo placod. iNow looK ut tho rest of Australia. Tho permanent capital could not bo in Melbourne, in Brisbane, in Adelaide, in Hobarfc, or in Perth, nnd bonauso tho capital could not not bo in Sydnoy, it waa looked upon hb a terrible insult to the otatu of Now South Wales by thoso who had always been in tho habit of looking through Sydnoy spuctaclos. Tho wholo history of federation was nothing bnt concession to Now South Walos, Tho capital waa debarred to all tho rost of Anstralia and givon to Now South Wales, and which suffered moat. Was it tho rent of Australia or Now South Wales. Tho other colonies had anaroaof 2,700,000 squaro miles within whioh tho fodoral capital could not bo placod. Yet Now South Wslao could nlnco it anvwhore outside tho Sydney radius in hor remaining area of 281,000 square miles. Ho believed tbo majority of bin foilow citizens in Sydney would not bo and ought not to disuatinfleo', booanao too ranoh centralisation was bnd. If Sydnoy woa not content with being now and fur ovor tbo leading city of tho province nnd tho continent, it desired to bo two cupitals rolled into ouo, Thnt was too much to nek, and he did not think ic should bo dono. If tho federal capital was to bo in Now Sonth VValeo thon it was practically cortain that the oliiof port of that capital would bo Sydney. If that took place Sydney would getail thetrado from all the ports of Australia brought into Now South Walas. If, on tho other hand, as Homo of tbe aDti billiten assured them, tho federal capital was to bo an insignificant place, whoro ho asked was the harm to Sydnoy. Ho thought Sydnoy waB well treated by this amendment, and he bolioved nine-tenths of tho pnoplo of Au-ifmlia thought so too. Tho noxt question was the amondmonts relating to dlBOgrooinent between tho Houbp.o. They would aoo tor themsolvca thnt if a partnership wore pro ponod botweon five or six men, two of whom wore big follows and tho others smnll, that it would not bo fair to tho latter that tho deed of partnership nhould bo drawn up so as to favour tho former, ignoring ontirely tho interest'* of tho lntter. Ho thought that it would only bo reasonable to expect that thn majority should arrive at an understand ing, irrespective of thoir pooitlons before signing the deod of partnership. It would not do for ono of tho partieo to oay to tho smaller men ' Jones and I aro tho big fellows, and wo claim tha right to do this or that.' If thia attitude woro adopted tho small mon, Bronn, Robinson, . Turner, and Smith, wonld naturally resent it, and doclino to ontor into a partnership on nuoh conditions. Now tho attitude of JoneB in this oaso was ft fair illustration of tho position assumed by tbo opponents of tho Commonwealth Bill. (Cheers). Ho contended that tho Conpti tution HUbmitted to them wan more democratic than that of Groat Britain, of the United States, or of Canada, In making a'n alteration of tho Consti tution, tho proposed law must bo passed by an ubsiluto majority of each Qouau of tho Parliamonb, nnd not less than two or more than nix months after ita pnuunfjo through both Housob, the proposed law would be, nubmittod in oaoh Stato. If, how over, oithor Uoiibo pnssod any proposed law by an absolute majority and tho other Houso rojuotod or failed to puss it with any amendment to which tho flrnt-namod Houso would not agree, thon tho question would bo eubmittod to a referendum of tho peoplo. What could bo fairer than that. Thon ugain if thn Houno of Representatives passed a proposed law and tho Senate rejected it or paaHnd it with amendments with whioh tho House af Re presentatives would not agree, aud then aft^r tin go monthn tho Houbo of RopresonUtivon pannod tho naino law. nnd tho Sonuto ngnin icjeotud it, the Govornor-Gonarul . could dinuolve both Uouhoh simultaneously. That.hoconoidorod waaimmlmlruble arrangomont. Ho did not think it would ovor, bo callod into requisition, howuvnr, because thn very faat that nucli a deadlock would bring about a doublo dissolution would have tho effect of bringing tho Honaea to an ugru'umout, Thon if after tho diaaolution tho Honso of Repronoutativoa again' pntipod the proposed law and tho Ponatc rejected it, tho Govornor-Genoral coald convene a joint aitting of tho mombura of both Ilounos, whon an absolute majority would oarry tho Moaauro into law. Tho provision, ho contended, .won at once olaotio ami uVmoorutico, find moro liberal than that of any other conutitntion in tho world. With respoot to tho Braddon clausi.', bo doairod to suy thnt ho was tho fimt man in the Convontion to raino bin voice nihilist it. He hud novar advoaatod it, but ho waa not ouoh a madman an to objoat to a uouud, broitd, domooratio bill oimply bocauBo be did not liko ono ulaueo in it. Tho onomios of tho Bill had boor. uBsidnoiiHly cir culating a report that' tho Braddon ulmmo would bo parpotuated by tho umoud mum ourrlud at tho uoutot ence of Premiers. Ho would like them to pay particu lar attention to the explanation he was it bont to m*kf. Upder the draft bill tbe Braddon clauoe remained part of the constitution and could not be put array except by amendment carried by a majority of both Houses and by a duel referendum. There wero two differences now. First, the life of the Braddon clauee expires at the end of ten yours. It can at tho end of ten years bo amended by a simple Act of Parliament, whereas formerly ifc could not be Bmondi'd, unless bv the nroceas laid down for (in amendment of the constitution. Tbat was thn im portant amendment th-tt Mr. Beid succeeded in introducing at the Convention. (Applause.) Not only that, but undor tho bill bb now amended, if the two Houses differed twice consecutively on that Enbject, then that clause like any other could be submitted to tbo referendum of people. The clause provides tbat during a period ot ten years after the establishment, and thereafter until the Parliament otherwise provides, of tbe net revenue of the Commonwealth from Customs and Excise, not more than one-fonrth shall be applied annually by.tho Commonwealth towards its expen diture ; nnd that the balance shall be paid to the several States, or applied towards the payment of interest on debts of the several States. He bad never been in favonr nf this provision, and ha-), in the Convention, endeavoured to induce Sir Edward Bmddon to withdraw it, and trust to tho Federal Parliament. Sir Edward Braddon'a object in in troducing the clanuo was to nfford Borne guarantee that tbe Comtnnrn^eaUh Treasurer should not bo extravagant. The Federal Treasurer is thereforo bound to return three-fourths of all tbe collections from the Customs to each of tbe States'. Suppose the Federal Tresburar desired to raiop £1,760,000 revenue from tbe customs and excise, it would be necessary for him to collect four times that amount, or £7.000,000, and return three-fourths of tbat amount to the Treasurer proportionately to ' eaoh State. They didn't know who tbo Federal Trea surer tcould be— whether he would be a protec tionist or a freetrader — but the opponents ot the bill presumed that all the revenue would bo drawn from tbo customs and excise. It was Impossible to give correct figures as tD tho cost of federation, and those who pretended to do Bo.were not telling the truth. It was most likely, however, that the Treasurer should resort to direct direct taxation for raisins portion of the rovenue, and that the customs would not be much increased. There were various forms of insanity, nnd assuredly somo, of those people who wore puttingflrorth estimates of the cost of federation ought to be in a certain place of retirement. Some of tho estimates made by Dr. MacLaurin, were most peculiar for a Scotchman to make. Then again it was being asserted that tbe States would never get tho three- fourths returned to them, under the Braddoh clause. Mr. Reid answered that satisfac torily at North Sidney on Saturday night. Ho eaid that whether the Federal Treasurer raised £10,000,000 as Dr. MaeLnurin declared would be necessary or only £1,000,000, through the customs), each State would oret back throe-fourths of what was oollectod within its turritory. Tho object of tho book-keeping system wua to ascertain how much of the cuetomB revenue was derived from tho people, of each c ilony t Ihon to taka tho pur capita coBt of foderal Government and got a true balance of what should bo paid to tho people of each colony. This monoy would bo returned to each State monthly. It belonged to caoh colony, and if it were not paid ovor regularly a State Treasurer could sue tho Federal Treasurer, and raoovbr tho amount. Ho wished tho doctors would take the trouble to road tho bill for themaelves, and not take as gospel nil that was written or uuid about iti provision by thoao who through ignorance or design miaropre sonted tho measure. The bill woo writon in pure and clear English, and they tould not misunder stand ita provisions if thoy would tnko the troublo to i-ond them. Thoy should nob accept any state ment mado to thorn without looking into tho bill, and asuortalning whether it was 90 or not. Clause 9G of tbo draft bill had been amended by the Conferonco of Premiers empowering tho Par liament to grant asniatanca to any State on -mch terms ob tho Parliament should think fit. Tho object ot this provision waa to onablo tho Parliamont to asBlBt any Stato that had becomo through some unforosoon cause, sucn ns disastrous floods or prolonged droughts, financially oinbaraosed.. They knew that a State in such a position, with tho guarantao of tho Common wealth, oould borrow on mue.h moro advantageous terms. Tho State in diflloultios would thoreforo gain a material advantage from ! tho fact that it was a member of the Commonwealth. DeBpito what tho bill«aid the opponontB of tho bill continued to declare, and ho supposed that from continuous reiteration Borr.o ot thorn had 'begun to bnlievo tbfi it ' wub truo, that tho pooplo of this colony would novor got thoir share of tho threo fourths of tho cuatoniR collootions mado by tho Common wealth. Well thoy wero not to understand that each person living in tho State would reoeivo hia share in cash. It would, however, go into tho Statn cofft-rB and all would benefit by it. Take ao analogous case. Thoro was nt the present a con sidorablo amount raised from tho lands of this colony and thoro was also a slight profit on thoir rnilwATB. Now oaoh individual in tho Stato benefited by this stato of affairs, not dirootly but indirectly by tho romipnion or tho burdens of taxation. Dr. MacLaurin had callod tho bill a 'Lawyet's Bill.' Ho had also hurlod approbrious epithets at members of that profoBsion. Ho might retaliate by making similar nsaertionB with roBpact to another profession, but ho would not demean hiraBolf in that way. (Choors. Ho wonld tell Dr. MacLuurin if ho was not already nwaro of the fact that nil billa submitted to Parlia ment were lawyurs' bills, in tho aenao that they wore drafted by lawyors. (ApplauBO.) Roforring to what he doBign»ted tho peculiar Scotch usti rnatos of Dr. MucLmurm, ho euid ho would endeav our to disperse thnt phantom. Dr. MaoLmrin with thrift other giuitloraen, including Mr. Brueo Smith, was appointed n member of a Commission to inquire into nnd report upon tho probable ooflt of fedoration.. That wao only twolvo montha ago. This Commission brought up a report to tho effoot that tho cost of administering tho nffaira of the Commonwealth, would not oxcoed £300,000. Tho report wna nigned by Dr. MnuLnunn, but he had now tho oudnoity to doclaro thnt tho coat would oxofi«d £730,000. What had mado him increase his estimate in this way within this Bhort piiriod P This mattor had boon vory nbly dealt with n fow nightH ag» by Mr. Bruce Smith, ono of hiB oollouguoB on tho Commission. Tho fact, wob that Dr. MacLauiin had charged everything 'oRalnBt the Comuipnwonlth ho poBuibly could, nnd had failed to allow orodit for tho advantageo whioh tho Statua would gain from tho proponed union. Tho faot of tho mattor was that his statements wero mer6 assumptions, and tho fipures bnsud on them woro consequently worthloBB. Ho roforrod to the disintecratfd alato of Canada boforo tho union, and tho Hdvantagoa which had accrued to all tho provinces ? nttur federation had been nu aooompliBhod fact. A fow yoara iigo ho viBitod Canada, and had hud intervlown with novemlof tho moat able of their publio mon, nnd they nil declared that thoy would not think of rovertiug to the old condition of diBsension nnd disintegration _ that prevailed beforo tha union. All tho provinoop, thoy doalarod, h»d oonelltea uy vne ruuoraoiou. Ho had also spoken to many prominent oommuroial iMfn, and thoy also expressed thomaolvoain nimilur torins, As an instance of tho dissension which prevailed for a pariod of from 20 to 25 yoara botwoon the claims of Uppor nnd Lowor Canada, buforo tho utiion wns nccornpliahod, thero bad boou flvo Mmirftriou within n period of two years. Sir John Maodounld foiosaw that legislation was becoming practically impoaaiblo, and ho then initiated bis uohoina of Fmiorntlon whioh ho carried into effect with sttoh beneficial results. They had horo a oonntitution whioh was front and moro domooratio than that of Canada, and could thoy doubt tbnt tho sntno beneficial effects would result from ita adoption, hb followed tho union in Cannda. Ab showing thin to bn tho oaao, Canada wnti now proposing to amend hor constitution, by adopting tho joint mttiug of tho two Hohboh, in canoe of a doadlock. That pro vininn wob not oontainocl in any other Constitution in tho world, nnd it said much for tho work dono by tbo Convention, when thoy found Onnadn borrowing sunh a provision from them. (Applnuao,) Now ho oninn to what wns now a mattor of history. Ho retired from tho Dibb« Government, in 1893, and bo wnn nuccuodod na Attornoy:Gonoral by Mr. It. )S, O'Oonnor. In 1891 Sir Goorgo DibbB attempted to Induoo Sir Jnmtm Patorson, then Premier of Viotorin, to ngroo to a nohoino of unification. That attempt failed. Sir James Patoroon pointed out oloarly that Vlotorla would not bo llkoly to ontor such a union. Sir Geirge Dibb« bad sinoe then been advocnting unification, but this. form of union was practically impossible. This colony being tho most prosperous of the group hid everyi bing. to loae and nothing to gain by uDificition, If thoy entered into such a union tb-y would' have to pool their valdHblo assets, their land, with the revenue which they derived from it, and their prosperous railways. It would increase centralisation, which it should be their object to diminish, and create dipoontenr, and local jualousiee. This colony had had an experience of this before tbe separation ot Victoria and Qu.'onBland, and ftuyone wh- road the history of the colonies aright would not be likely to rept-ateucha mistake. N-i, they did not want a unification whioh wonld lap up their pub io advan tages to divide them among the nthor. colonies. Referring to the coet of federation, hu said a most liboral allowance for federal expenditure was, in his opinion, £500,000, and that would mean, nob 22b OdaB ha 1' been alleged, but about 2* 6d per' head of tbe population, in tbe event of Queensland joining the union. After tho federation the uniform tariff wonll not come into force and a system ot book-keeping would prevail with respect to Customs collcoiions for the first five years. An improvement amendment, had bean made by the uonferenco of Premiers, in connection with the alteration of limits of States. This provision in fc i the effect that any alteration of the limits of the State, munt have tbe approval of the majority of tha elector' of the State, voting npon the question. In hia opinion this was a vuiy neoetsary and a very wIbo provision. He urged thorn not to ba frightened by the ghost raised by Dr MacLiurio or thoss associ'ite.d with him in his cruBniie against the bill. They were told bv the onbononls of the bill thac federation under its conditions wonld cost 22s 61 per head, but they forgot to mention the important fact that 19s oE that amount would come back to each State, and the coat even on tbeirown showing conld not exceed 3a 6d per head. Then consider tne advantages of int rcolonial freetrade ' with a scientific tariff ugitinst the outside wor'd. They could then send their coul, agricultural produce, and .manufactures to any pait of this continent without restriction of any kindj and tlie natural result would he that agricultural industries wonld spring up undpr tho upeitiou of a scientific tariff. The result would be beneficial to all the colonies, jwboee resources would be developod in directions nt present undreamed of. If they would Bimply read the bill they would marvel at the misrepre sentation whioh bad been indulged in with respect to its provisions by its critioe. A story whioh he bad been told by a friend a few days ago aptly illustrated the position of Dr. MaoLnurin. A. yonng man whb in love with a young lady. Ha proposod and waB rejected. He proposed a eecond time, and wai agttin rejected. On the third occasion, however, he was acoepted. After they had beou married a few years the young man' Baid to his wife, 'Lue.y, why did you reject rn« when I proposed to your' She replied, ' Well, Charles, you see that as we lived on tbe river bank, Z thought that if wo got married the ohildtea might fall into the river.' There was, however, no necessity for this precaution, as they had not been blest with a family. (Laughter.) Noir Dr, MaoLauria waa like this young lady, making proviaion for that .whioh might never bo necessary. Then ^with roBpedt, to the wins bounties question about which Mr. Lindemsn had so much to sav. The Vioturiaa Goveinm-nt bad it appears voted £20,000 to baespendtf'd in bonuses to wine-growers in tbat o»looy. That money was voted on October 19rh. 1803, tnti bn believed that it was all expanded except about £5000. However, thero was a clause in trio Common wealth Bill Betting forth that all boun ties grnnmd by any State after tho 30th day oC June, 1808, mint coaBo when federation is declared. V Now wrmt becomes of Mr. Lindenmii's assertions that Viotona intended fo oontiuue the system of bonuses to viguorons. At present they, had to submit to a duty of 2s pnr ton oh coal entering Queensland j and from 2b to 3s per ton in Tasmania, and there worn vexatious restrictions to thuir trade with other colonies. Well, if this scheme of federation woro adopted this would oomo to an end, tbo barriers would bo struck down, und there woutd be free interchange between the oolonies. Then oonsidor what that would, mean to this colony with its pormanont natural advantages for the .production of ooal. Even under, present 'conditions Victoria took between a fourth and a third of all tbo coal thoy. raised. If thesn btrriorB woro removed tbo demand for coal would unquestionably increase, and other productions and mtinufaaturodnu well. After paying u, visit to Canit'ia, Mr. Thynno of South Australia, nnd Mr. FrauK Suttorof Butburst, icturned ardent federationipts, tint former having boon a lukowarm federal let before nnd the latter an appi.nont of tha union. They found everyone they met thero enthusiastic over the union, nnd tho benefits all tho provinces had derived from it. The United States federated when fcho populttion was not bo largo na that of the Australian oolonieB, and now thoy had n population of 70,000 000, all prosperous and happy.' Ho did not know whetbor t--o Australian oolonies would be able to support 70,000,000 people, bnt it Wai evident that there wan room for many millions more. Ab soon na fedoration waa acoom plished onpital and population wonld flow in upon them, and the resources ot thoso colonies would ba developed to an extent tbat oould not at proBout be imagined. In conclusion,,' ho lifted upon them to givo this question their bost consideration, nnd rooord ,- thoir voteu on the 20th of Juno in favour of the Bill, and tlnu give encouragement to QuoenHlaud to join the union to make a great and united Australia. Ho called for a show of hands in favour of the bill, which was responded to enthusiastically, there being only ono dincientiont. Oa the motion of Mr. J. H. F..-WAi,r,Ka ssoonded by Mr. John Kbnnbdt, and supported by MesBra. John GitibiBB, It. A. Piuoe, and C. H. Drairr, Ma, P., a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Barton for his able and eloquent address. The vote was onrried with nco)am.-tion, threo ohooro ' being given ? for Mr, Burton, who briefly ack nowledged the oomplitnont, stated how gratiflod ho felt to Messrs. Kedwoll and Bolfiuld for giving up tho hall for hiB mooting, and proposed a voto of thanks to' the President of tho League for presiding. Thin having been duly onrried, the mooting terminated with three ohooro for Fodoration. 