FEDERAL PHOGRESS. One thing has been left undone by the. Pre miers' conference in Melbourne, tlie dolngrOf which,' wlthput opening any floodgates - , of discussion, would have given much assurance to earnest federalists throughout , Austral asia. It Is the fixing of a date at which the Bill as amended ' should be introduced; into the Parliaments concerned. The Premiers shaving, agreed, and- the majorities in all the colonies being not only' willlngi. but;, eager,; there seems no valid reason for any further delay, no objection . which can reasonably be urged against., calling. , the - various .Parlia ments together and' forcing the .meapure through by all known processes which - can! be made available. . : There need be very, little talk- about the matter, and no scruRie' at ail- about burking thoBe irrepressible talkers, to whom the voicing of their own opinions is - , a matter of. more Importance than expediting the affairs of the. colony or ' the . Commofi- wealtli: Such a sesslon as that, in wlilch the despatch of the New South Wales Cqptlngem to the Soudan was endorsed would probably suffice, and It would be a poor-spirited and ill-advised representative who would . be grudge the labour and personal sacrifice such a, session would require. ! . For, .really, under the arrangement now arrived at, there is nothing that can bo : air tered or amended, and, therefore; . nothing that need bo discussed. The concessions made to New South Wales will, satisfy every, man who is not by crabbed and- -stultifying provincialism rendered- unfit for the larger: Australian citizenship. Our little mother colony pride and prejudice have- been flatter- jed and soothed by the assurance that the federal capital shall be within our -' bounds, and the democratic desire, more ardent- or -as- aertlve here tho.n elsewhere, must be toler ably well content with the new. provision,: which ordains that any bill' for the amend ment of/ the constitution -passed, twice by either House may by that House: be referred to a referendum of the people,' whose- decision shall be effective and final. The three-fifths majority at a -joint sitting Is also expunged, and the bill as amended -.will enable -decisions ) to bp arrived at. by a simple majority of the whole of the members of both Houses. The rivers remain under the "reasonable clause," already existing, and thef'Braddon blot lias a- ten years' lease of life, during which period, probably, we shall make) such progress both in matters of plain material iri- .tf.rest, and. in wisdom, .and understanding, and mutual trust, and; confidence, that : the warnings of the. financial experts- will -have- no more effect than the voices of old ghosts - blown along wandering winds,-, and past uri- lieedlng ears. Those experts did tempoi'arlly -mislead New South Wales,, and- serve admirably the base purposes of the' geebung ..faction, .hide-bound . with' : 'pro vincialism of the narrowest sort; : but all that Is in the past now. Even Mr. iieid has been forced into: admission - of the bogey nature of the various .financial scares His' experts provided, and despite them all stands pledged by the compact ' of this latest conference to go right on in the federal' path, and make no pause till the . great- work is accomplished. Wljy then, to revert to the original proposi tion, endure1 any more-vexing and waiting,.' and possibiy/chilllng, delay?- No. man knows'- better than Mr.' Reid that it was the scare of the financial bogey raisers which' killed the 'Cause at-the late limited referendum, and also it may be said, and with two-fold assur- ance, that) none knows better than he how utterly hopeless wquld be any. opposition- raised against Mr. Barton and hlmself fight- lng the cause shoulder to.sh'oulder, and with - honest : detrmination to win. Why tthep de- : lay, either to halt and:encamp, or oven mark time, on the onward federal march?. The bill as it stands was good enough for a majority, even) In ' thip :coltmy; ' the.blll as amended : will satisfy the scruples of those few who did hon estly clamour for amendment, since the capi tal is now assured to this' colony, and the de- niand of the labour party for power to' amend the) constitution by a referendum to the peo ple is, with a simple and in no' way objectibnV able safeguard, gran ted. , The power of ' ' the majority is also established by the abolition of the three-fifths majority in the joint sit- ting, and why then should not the jvlll of the. majority forthwith have effect? If this')ques-;' tlon of date could possibly be settled b'y cor respondence, , even folldwing on the confer-, ence, the great Australian majorities would have a universal birthday clearly In view, and would march on to It with new heart and life, leaving all the experts to mumbje away over their dry bones of figures, which con never for us have concrete value or concern,' 