AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Mr. F. H. Skrine tells a strange story of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the 'Jungipore' district of Bengal. He was spending the night as the guest of an indigo manufacturer and his wife, both French. 'I was awakened in the dead of night, says the wiiter, 'and sat up, trembling with the terror that cones once or twice in the lifetime from the ap- proach of the unknown. A child's voice came from without. In tones of agony it shrieked 'Mamma! Ayah!' I sprang through the open French window into the flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened intently. It must have been a jackal, I thought; but hark, again the wail rang out— 'Mammal Ayah!' This time there was no mistake as to the direction. The sounds came from the indigo vata, an appurtenance of every factory. They are deep masonry cisterns, in which the green plant is immersed in order to extract the colouring matter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the raw of vats, and peered into the dark recesses of each. All were empty, save one filled with clear water to serve as a reservoir for the garden; and it showed no sign of human life. Filled with creeping fear, I turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery foliage of the casuarinos seemed to be photo- graphed by the moonlight. High above their mournful sough there came again the childish screams, i ran back to the vats, and searched each in vain. 'Shall I alarm the house?' I asked myself. The feeling that human intervention was useless restrained me, and I sought my bed, whereon I tossed till the morning sun pierced the Venetian blinds. It was very late, according to Anglo- Indian ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast. There was something in my appearance which showed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that I had not, and began to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her assis- tance, cast on me a glance of menace and reproach I shall never forget. With the help of the servants he carried the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of my plain, unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or so he returned, and striding up to me, said, in a voice trembling with fury. 'Well, sir, what am I to understand by this mystifica- tion?' 'What on earth do you mean?' 'Yea, sir, mystification ; and permit me to observe that it is an execrable taste.' So saying M. Gilbert brought his podgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot- water dishes sound a carillon. Shifting my position to a point within reach of the carving- knife, in view of active hostilities, I re- plied, 'Now, M. Gilbert, perhaps you will explain the meaning of such language to a guest.' There was something in my manner which impressed the unhappy man. He grew calmer, and asked anxiously whether I had really heard the voice in the dead of the night, and whether I did not know the mis- fortune which had wrecked his life, and was breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word of honour, that I had heard his name for the first time on the previous day. 'Sir,' he replied after a pause, 'our little boy was drowned a year ago in these vats.' 