THE APIA ME. AN ISLAND RELIGIOUS DEMON STRATION. The Samoan 'Weekly Herald' of September 30, to hand by the steamer Manapouri, gives the fol lowing description of a 'Me' held under the aus pices of the London Missionary Society of the Apia district on September 27. The report says: The 'Mes' are the great religious festivals of the Protestants of Samoa: and one or more are held in each ecclesiastical district throughout the islands. They are of a distinctly missionary character, and the Samoans, with great generos ity, make large contributions for the furtherance of Christian work in other parts of the world. The Me is the culmination of weeks of effort; so every body comes in the best form, the best spirits, and the best outfit. The proceedings of Wednes day last were no exception. The meeting com menced about 10 a.m., and was introduced by a short religious service, and the announcement of contributions made by each church in the district. The Rev. W. Huckett, as missionary in charge, presided, supported by Revs. J. E. Newell and J. W. Hills, and several native teachers as speakers, and the Acting-British Consul, Captain Preedy (of the Torch), and many others, as spectators. For tunately, or unfortunately, opinion depending en tirely on the standpoint taken, the first hour was constantly interrupted, owing to the arrival of gaily-dressed Taupous and their uniformed fol lowers. In slow procession they made their way through the town and round by the furthest limits of the mission grounds, to find places as best they could in the open native' hall, shaded by cocoanut leaves. The followers of the Apia Tau pou (who would ever presume to try and describe the intricacies and shades of color seen in the out fit of a Taupou herself) were dressed in many colored streamers, head-dresses, and red cloth la valavas. The companions of the Vaimoso lady appeared glorious in grass-green bodices made of silk or satin, head-dresses apparently of dark brown feathers and siapo lavalavas, and as if to heighten the effect of these high colors, the girls of the Papuata High School, 100 strong, appeared in pure white cambric dresses, flower necklaces and sailor hats trimmed with yellow ribbons. In deed, to describe all these gaily-attired ladies would require the pen of an artist and the space of a book. There were some sixteen churches re presented at the gathering. The number of those attending, it is said, was slightly under the aver age, but certainly the order, tone, and speeches of the meeting were of the best, judging from the at tention and apt responses of the audience. The speeches of all were evidently delivered to inspire confidence and enthusiasm for the work undertak en by the Christians of Samoa. And it was fur ther evident from the spirit of the meeting, and the facts stated by the speakers, that there is not the ghost of a desire to falter in the carrying out of this work, nor to withdraw the trust placed in well-tried leaders. If voluntary offerings count for anything, then there was more than sufficient proof to show that the Samoans are -.veil pleased and fully satisfied with their evangelical religion and evangelistic work. 