THE BISMARCK BOOK. As in a Looking Glass, The Making of Germany. ; . The Statesman's Foreeast. (Messrs. Geo. Robertson and Co., Ltd,). It is difficult to get away from the conyic- tion that this Avorlt has been more skilfully advertised than any book of the age. The tales, of deposit of the MS. in the Bank of England, of the smuggled stereo 'plates, of the shadoAV of: fear Avhich overhung Imperial Berlin, Avorked up public curiosity to a pitch AVhleh has seldom been equalled in tlie Avorld's literary history. Book people gener ally aa'ere hardly more- curious to- know who Junius wus than Avhut Bismarck had to say. There was the quarrel between the old statesman and tlie young Emperor; there Avns the antipathy known to exist betii'een tlie Dotvager Empress, England's Princess, and the German, whose horizon avus limited abso lutely by German Interests: there Avas the jea lousy which the first Empress'entertalned for him who was too masterful nnd assertive for her Imperial ideas; and all these aa'ouId doubtless appear in full detail In , the book' Avhoreln the central figure of all set fortli not only the accomplished facts, but the re- lleotlons of his life. Al: length the book Avas published, nnd the Avorld rushed for it, and now, behold, there is not a soupcon in Li; all of that splco Avhich Avas expected. . Of alleged, contemptuous treatment by the young Em peror, of the quarrel Avhich follo\ved, and of the subsequent reconciliation there is not one line. William II.,' the. reigning Emperoiv. is only- Incidentally -mentioned.' The pro-Eng lish, rather than anti-German, tendencies of the Dowager Empress are touched witli a regretful, Almost a tender hand, and Avhen mention- is made of the opposition against the Bismarck policy, which did "crysialise about the Empress." it is In such terms a's exclude the least suspicion of lese majestic, even in tlie Avidest interpretation of the elas tic term. Bismarck's mind Avas large enough to take in not only all the breadth, but all the intricacies of others, and his apology, or justification rather, of the altitude the Em peror assumed under domestic inlluence Is Avholy characteristic. "During the 'siege of Paris, as frequently before and' nf- terivnrds, the Emperor had often to suffer in the struggle between his understanding and feeling of duty as a king on the one side, and the requirements of domestic peace and female assents to his policy on the othor.'HIs chivalrous feeling towards his Avife, his mys tical feeling towards the crowned queen, his sensitiveness to interruptions In liis domestic life, and his daily habits uut obstacles In my Avn-' Avhicli Avere nt times more difficult to overcome than those caused by foreign Foav- ors or hostile parties," ' THE INFLUENCE OF THE EMPRESS. This admits much, but alleges nothing of the sort scandalmongers love — and It: may be taken as fixing the limits of all the admis sions made in the book. He can no more des cend to a discrediting charge, or a base in sinuation than to a puerile complaint on his own account. He experienced difficulties Avhich had to be overcome, and he describes them here rather, perhaps, as- they appeared to him on reflection than at the time of their actual occurrence. The long closing years at Varzin. the silent communing AVlth nature, and the introspection "of (lie mind, Avhich maintained all its poivors till the very hour of dissolution, Avere not Avltliout the effect ivhicli all men who judge things from a lofty stand point must luiA-e anticipated. Bismarck purged himself of all spleen during the period of his ostracism, and free of spleen and of rancour, as of any false humility or ridicu lous self-abnegation, is this great book, in which he tolls his own history, and the his tory of his nation and people through his OAvn times. He began at the beginning, Avith school, and college, and earliest davs of diplomatic .service, anil though he fails utterly to dis close to us the fire-eating yunkor of tradition, he does malic plain a boy avIio had opinions from tlie time lie avus breeched, and ivlio stood to them pretty staunchly from the day lie grew a beard. It is a long Avay baelc that beginning. We find Bismarck an influential leader In those lute forties, when Europe ivas convulsed all through.and the CroAVn of Prus sia, as that- of many a more pretentious State. . seemed held on sufferance. We see him at that time heartening up a fearful king, knit ting and inspiring a distracted but still loyal peasantry, nnd taking to himself tasks and risks Avhich others deemed stupendous or appalling, hut Avhich he regarded as matters of everyday course. HIS BASIS OF ACTION. He defines too, enrly in the first volume, the principles to ivhicli lie Avas pledged, und from Avhich he never swerved. "The interests of the State alone have guided me, and it has been a calumny when publicists, even ivell- meaning, liaA'e accused me of haA-ing ever ad- A'ocated an aristocratic system. I have never regarded birth as a substitute for Avant of ability; ivhenever I liave come forward on behalf of landed property, it lias not been in the interests of proprietors of my .mvn class, but because I satv In the decline of agriculture one of the greatest dangers to our perman ency as a State. IWlse Avords these, and of strange omen surely to the England of to day. The Ideal that has always floated be fore me has been a monarchy, Avhich should be so far controlled by an Independent na tional representation— according to my no tion, representing classes or callings— that monarch or Parliament should not be able to alter the existing statutory- position before the -'Inw' separately, but only communi con-, sensu. aa-Ith publicity by press andDiet -of all public proceedings. Whoever has the . con viction that uncontrolled Absolutism is the most fitting form of government for German subjects must lose It after making a special study of the history of Courts." , . v . This is more than Ltberlallsm Avould have expected ,o£ Bismarck, , and it is ; cheering to remeiriber that it is amongst the reflections of mature age, not part of a programme AVhleh constituted a youthful equipment. Possibly, also, it may be taken to .account1 in . some measure for the latter- day shocks AVlth at least incipient Absolutism, ivhicli are, not recorded here. : . THE MAKING OF GERMANY. ' The Reflections move "on through all the making of modern Germany, AVhleh had. its beginning in those revolutionary days. They shOAV.the marvellous man of ;tho time in. every ; phase of circumstances, through.eyery-. de-, cade.. The yunlier, AVlth -both limitations : and amplifications shared to 'the -full. by- none of his class,' to AVliom Prussia. Avas. all in:, -ai), developing into the master statesman, -ivhose mind embraced the interests of all Germany. We see him dominant in. the days Avhen. Aus- trlawas ausi-verstozen as ivhen France ivas nledergelegt. Above him alAvays King and Kaiser, esteemed, reverenced/but guided ra ther than followed, and around: him, in no single instance belittled, or misrepresented, though of ten, enough sharply criticised, and, perhaps, harshly Judged, the men i\'ho Avorked 'for or against his policy, arid aided or re tarded him in building up that Germanica AVhleh is his eA'erlasting monument. . THE BOOK OF THE TIME., " V . it is, Indeed, a great ivorlt this, to become a classic of the classics. It avIII. stand alone In the Avorld's literature, us the self-written reqord of one' AA'ho could say of the State in AVhleh his lot and being Avere: "quorum pars riiagna. fui,'! 'and yet could tell of the making of that-State- Avithout .affording the slightest ground for any charge of unjust appreciation of- Ills OAvn efforts, or unworthy derogation of tlie riierlts and labours of others. What a long ing it begets for such another book Avhich might possibly have appeared aboA-e Glad stone's name. The two would have supplied sueli a history of tlie greatest times the Avorld ever sniv as no time lias furnished; but for all that avIII, come: to us in 'this sort of that giant of our own race. Ave must wait, and as' it is to be feared till interest cools, and the perspective softens the noiv sharp outlines of .all things. i The little scraps of purely personal interest, AVhleh come as occasional echoes of human commonplace through the book, may be left to those who find in them their chief Interest, and a good many reviewers seem to be amongst this class.: Space may, however, be found hero to give fuller publicity to the' foi- lowlng lino quotation, in which the man ivho had given up tlie reins, nnd come near as He Avell knetv to giving up the ghost, lays doAvn the broad German policy which those avIio come after, shaping and controlling, might properly follow:— THE FUTURE OF THE EMPIRE. . "In the future, not only military equipment) bul. also a correct political eye, Avill be re quired to guide the German ship of State through the currents of coalitions, to Avhich a\'e are exposed, in consequence of our geo graphical position! and our previous history. Wo shall not avoid the dangers of the future by amiability and commercial pourboires to friendly, Powers. . . . In future Eastern negotiations Gerriiany, by holding back, -will be able, to- turn to 'its advantage tlie fact that it is- the 'PoAv.or Avhich has least interest in Oriental, questions, and will gain the more the longer it holds up its stake, even if the advan tage were to consist in nothing more than a longer enjoyment of pence. Austria, Erig- lond, Italy, avIII alivays liaA'e to take up a position Avitli regard to a Russian move-for ward upon Constantinople sooner than the French, for the Oriental interests of France are less imperative, und must- bo considered more in connection Avitli the question of the German Frontier. In Russo-Orlental crises France AA'ould not be able to entangle herself, either in a netv policy for gaining poiver In tlie West, or in threats against England, based upon friendship ivith Russia, unless she had previously ;coine to an understanding or a breach Avith Germany. If aermany has the adi'aritage that her policy is free from direct interests In'the East, on the other side is the disadvantage, of the central and exposed /posi tion of the German Empire, Avith its ex tended frontier, Avhich litis to bo defended cm every side, nnd the ease .ivith ivhich anti- German coalitions are made. At the same lime, Germany- is, perhaps, the single Groat Power in Europe ivhich Is not tempted by any objects that can only lie attained by a suc cessful Avar. It is our Interest to mninlutn peace, ivhile, ivlthout exception, our Con tinental neighbours have ivislies,. either secret or officially avoived, ivhicli cannot be ful filled except by ivar. We must direct our. policy in accordance ivltli these facts — that Is. ive must do .our best to prevent Avar, or to limit it." THE UNFORSEEN FUTURE. That great and comprehensive cousnel is in the ! main sound, and despite rill apparent ne glect of the statesman and rejection of his principles laid doivn has. been closely - fol lowed. .But ivhen ive come to glance at the position he assumed as permanent, as abso lutely fixed and limited,. Iioav imminent ap pears the .risk of any i-onture on the field of prophecy. "At the same time," says the statesman, admittedly most far-seeing of his age, "Germany is perhaps the single Great. Poiver of Europe ivhicli Is not .tempted by any object that can only be obtained by a successful Avar,". . Thus it appeared to him, tu this end he had ivrought, and thus he deemed that he had accomplished,' and', belibrd!' he is scarce cold in his grai'e ivhen GermanyVdlscovers objects- commerisurate- almost ivith- the world's rim, for ivhich she/.must stand, iirepared. to fight; even as for 'her Rhine frontier: 