Some years have elapsed since General. Booth was in Adelaide, but one sees but little: change in the man who will loom large in the history of the nineteenth cen tury when it comes to be written. Sunday, saw the Commander-in-Chief of the great est religious and social army the . world has ever seen open his Adelaide campaign... Strange to say, it was his first and last Sunday in the colony. The thought struck the General during the address at the Exhibition 09. Sunday evening. He had said, " My last Sunday here," and the words impelled him to stop a moment. "My last Sunday," he went on, " Oh, X always think what I shall say on 111 J' -'®;? ] Sunday among you." ■ And. Sympathetic yet • almost inaudible words tend the speaker that his listeners were closelyfal lowing-. him. If there is ffiiy... appreciable, change in General Booth it is'only in that his flowing locks are a: trifle whiter than in the days that are past., : At first ' his voice appears to be thinner, but that feel ing soon passes away. He has had an ill ness in Australia and has gone through a long and • trying campaign, so that it would be little wonder if the tone of the voiceWas not so full as usual. He begins his addresses as if speaking with' some little difficulty, but in a moment he grows earnest and eloquent,; and the words pour out in one'resistless stream, and the voice shows all its old power and strength. The piercing eye, the gesture which tells of re solution; the oratorical flights all carry the audience back -to the days when they first heard this great leader of men'who has conquered opposition in two. hemis pheres, and who has with the spirit of, a Napoleon led his gigantic and ever-increa sing army to the uttermost ends Of - the world. Hie-.' General faced the crowds which gathered to hear him on Sunday at-, tired in a long. military body coat, erect as in the days of yore, and when he began to speak a hush fell on the. assemblage and all ears were strained to; catch the words; of " the old man," as lie is sometimes af-; feetionately called. He began in themorn ing by telling a'story from life. " Last Sunday," he remarked, " a man travelled 150 miles to attend one of my. meetings m the sister colony, and he received salva tion. That man had determined to be saved before he started, and .little wonder that he was saved. Some people would not walk across the building to be ; saved, | and little wonder that such do not find, salvation." ■ : . Sunday morning saw the South Austra lian mission opened in the fine hall of the Jubilee Exhibition Building. The pillars have lost their bareness, and around the faces of the gallery one may read:— " South Australia delights to do honor to the Army's distinguished founder. Long live our beloved General. Beneath the Southern Cross we greet our revered General.". The hall was crowded,-there being a large gathering of the soldiers of the Army, .who gave the General• a cordial 'greeting .when he appeared on the platform, surrounded 1 by the officers of his staff and divisional - commanders. Major Pollard'; offered prayer, and Colonel Lawley sang a solo. The General quickly rose. . He said he de sired to talk: to his soldiers about their own salvation. The-words of Paul, "I can do all things," served as a foundation ! for what followed, a vigorous, stirring, evangelical address. Yet Paul, he pointed I out, could not do everything. He could not keep away from, cantankerous sulking crea tures like Alexander, the coppersmith. There were a lot of Alexanders in the colonies yet. Paul could not keep away from backsliders, and the latter deserted him in Rome. That was what the back sliders in the Army would do. The diffi-' eulties Paul had to contend with were dealt with in words which appealed, to the heart, and the argument was pointed-with: illustrations., The general knew the pet omissions and commissions which . troub led his soldiers, but if Paul, through Jesus Christ, could • tear out his besetting sin, yield up his right eye, his right hand, and give himself: to the Master, , so could th'ey all.. He spoke of the. difficulty;: oftho'se[ engaged in the malt "arid the spirit 'trade. One fine fellow, said the General, refused. | to go to the penitent form because he was employed in a distillery, and having a wife and family could not give up his - work, which he would have to do'on joining the Army. "Quite right," remarked the General, 'we. cannot get some people in-the.whisky trade; we can do many things, bnt we. can't do all things." . How many of them had started with the Army and had dropped behind. Many of them, had "had beautiful starts.again and again, but they had gone astray again. There was a great. .demand in the eoirtmercialj the engineer ing, and military worlds for; more' power, but all he wanted for the Army was more power to save souls. The power they, want ed was Jesus Christ, for without Him they could, do nothing. The afternoon saw another large assem blage. The sendee opened .with a hymn' and . prayer by Colonel Peart, chief secre tary for. Australia,[ whose earnest words found earnest response from the congrega tion. Then Colonel-Lawley sang a solo, and the General began his address. Taking: for his subject the incident of Ananias hnd Sapphira, he. said that was the outcomd of a broken' vow. There were successors of those two in these days who acted in the same spirit.. Salvation was a compact, in' J.which God promised; salvation, and, the man agreed to do certain things. He pic tured; the life of a man who yielded him self to God and received salvation. Later' he fell in with some backslidden Christian or. a half-savedv Salvationist, Who rper-. suaded him that he could- get to heaven without being so red-hot, and the Chris tian .'drew back from some of the" things he had promised. • It was, he pointed out with' some > emphasis, just ; as wicked to lie to God as to lie to man. [People who- would not dream of breaking a pro-v mise to man would not scruple to break their word to God. They - could dodge their friends and relations, but it was a difficult' thing • to dodge the Almighty. Once they-started on-the downward track their rate of retrogression gradually quickened.-. Ananias and Sapphira had died from a visitation of God, and if they knew the true history' of those who rested in the cemetery, how many of them wofdd they find. had died from the visitation of God in consequence of broken promises? - Then he asked his hearers to be earnest for God,1 to live upright lives, giving their lives to Him who ruled over life and death. Never in the history of the world; said the Gene ral, had there been such handsome build ings erected for Christians to worship',in as there were to-day; never had there been, such [beautiful music in them as in these, days; but when be asked' about blood and fire and salvation he was told it was old fashioned. They saw not, as; they should see, the people falling down on their knees and begging for mercy, and it was because in many cases that pastors, captains, and. officers, bad lost the Holy Ghost because of their broken promises. There "was no re medy for Ananias and Sapphira, but there was a remedy for all. : [Rising to a fervid pitch of eloquence, he exhorted his lis teners to. pay all they owed, and if they could not pay the price they .pro mised God • would settle the ac count; if they gave all: they had to give. The evening service'was a triumph. The huge.hall/was densely thronged.;[ -Long be fore 7 o'clock, the time appointed; for. the opening of the service, a crowd had gathered on North-terrace, but -when the; portals were swung open the vast assem blage quietly moved in, and in a few mo ments the vast congregation had been pro vided -with seats. When, the General ap peared on the platform be was received with a volley—a general outburst of enthu siasm. It was the loving greeting of of ficers and soldiers to their victorious 'com mander-in-chief. Service began with.' a hymn. • the accompaniment being played by one of the local Army bands. Commandant j Booth offered prayer, and then Colonel' Lawley sang a saicred solo. The General be I gan 'By stating that he bad preached vtwp excellent sermons that day, which caused at smile, but it, was turned to approval by the additional- statement that they were excel lent for the reason that lie had striven to preach sermons which would be suitable to • the. peculiar circumstances - of the people who surrqimded him;: He selected as the theme for his discourse Jeremiah xii., 5. [From these.; words he delivered ' a long, powerful,. earnest address, in which/: the dominant note was tliat.-. there was '[only one way to face death—with the- absorbing thought of having reconciled ■ their con-: sciences with [ the Saviour. The address, the'longest one the General delivered .dui ing the, day, was listened to with .rapt at tention throughout; This afterhoon and evening meetings will be held at the;T6wn Hjkll, at'wbich the General will again speak. 