i TALK AND TALKERS. J ("THK GLOBE," LONDON.) We can all talk ; but not many of us know how to talk. " Words learned' by rote a parrot may rehearse. But talking is not always to converse," and until a man knows what not to say and when and how to be silent, he cannot be a passable conversa- tionalist : he will be in danger of saying much when he has not much to say ; he will be for ever making unappreciated remarks at the wrong time or to the wrong persons; he may argue, he may preach, he may chat, but he cannot converse. " The art of conversation," says Hazlitt, " is the art of hearing as well as of talking "; which is only a confirmation of Steele's proposition that "when you fall into a man's conversation the thing you should first consider is whether he has a greater inclination to hear you, or that you should hear him." Unfor- tunately, the average man in these days is too ready to take it for granted that you will have the treater inclination to hear him, and e is careful that you are not dis- appointed. He does not pause to ascertain whether your tastes are in harmony with his, or whether you may possibly prefer to discuss your own concerns and boast a little on your own account ; he arrogantly assumes that you would like to hear him, and that, moreover, you will like to hear about him, and acts resolutely on that assumption, with results that are as unsatisfactory as they are inevitable. You shall find at our dinner tables and in our drawing - rooms poets luxuriously Ereening their beautiful souls to the lind; wonder of bored sportsmen, cricketers prattling at large of their records and averages in the ears of distracted musicians, ponderous scientists lecturing on vaccination and microbes _ to supreme cyclists who have achieved glory by riding round the world on their bicycles to no purpose, and are panting to talk about it. " It is better to be dumb," declares Gerald du Barri, " than not to be understood "; and, of course, a listener in such circumstances has no understanding of what he hears, and, at best, can but feel resignedly that though " speech is the morning of the mind," it is a very dull morn- ing. The truth is, perhaps, we are all too self-absorbed to realise that though nothing ia uninteresting, nothing is interesting to everybody, and that we and our personal affairs are not of first importance to our friends and acquaintance. In a manner, the world is not enough with us ; we are too much with our- selves ; and when we mingle in society this limitation of our sym- pathies puts us out of touch with those we meet, and similar limi- tations on their part put them put of touch with us. We cannot frankly be our natural selves for, being thus unsympathetic, however many times we have met we remain comparative strangers to each other, ana among strangers our thoughts, like our bodies, must be dressed in fashion ; if we allow them to run naked we should probably shock the crowd. So, one way and another, we are either driven back upon a safe course of gossip, talking by rote, and avoiding the profession of all unorthodox faiths, whence our speaking degenerates into chit-chat and the exchange of polite inanities ; else, if we are robustly self-confident, in our loneliness we substitute oratory for the rarer art, as Dr, Johnson and Coleridge, to ^ cite classical examples, had a habit of doing. And when one of a group gets into the pulpit in this manner, all hope of conversation is at an end. Scarcely two men in a thousand are capable of cultivating a conver- sation, and if you can bring a dozen such together about your board you are by way of being a phoenix among hosts. With the morose, the conceited, the proud, the distrustful, the over-nice, and the not-nice enough, none can really converse ; and only the more intelligent of men will attempt to carry on a conver- sation with women. "Because it has been the constant endeavour of men to keep women ignorant," says Wycherley, " they think them so ; therefore, the majority of our superior sex adapt the tone and substance of their observations to the presumably lesser capacity of those weaker vessels, and ithe smallest of most deplorably small talk is usually the consequence. There can, indeed, be no real con- versation except in small companies and among equals who are simply and candidly bent upon a tolerant interchange of actual thought and sentiment, who do not burn to outshine each other, but merely in a spirit of quiet inquiry, to contribute each his due share towards the com- mon illumination. In such unaf- fected, unambitious converse, which is incompatible with the artifices of society and unattainable except among those who have reached a certain degree of intimacy, men come to understand and appreciate each other, new planets swim into their ken while they listen, they become aware of hitherto unsus- pected qualities in men they had somewhat despised, their outlook widens imperceptibly, and they grow wise in a Knowledge that cannot be garnered from any nooks. It is well, no doubt, that every man should be a world to himself, but it is certain that he will remain poor and his world barren unless he goes fre- quently thus exploring and brings home something of the growth and treasure of other worlds. If a golden age of conversation ever existed, it departed long ago, and is already half forgotten. What florious converse there must have een over the sack and canary of the "Mermaid" to have inspired Beau- mont with his famous eulogy of those words " So nimble and so full of subtle fl »me As if that every one from whence they came Had meant to put his whole wit in a jest, And had resolved to live a fool the rest Of his dull life !" Who of us moderns that know what a conversation is can recall one to which he could reasonably apply this description of the "large utterance of the early gods ?" Nay, to seek an ideal in our own country, how many of us have been present at such saturnalia of spontaneous wit and happy wisdom as transformed Lamb's dingy chambers in the Temple and have left echoes in Hazlitt's pages that we never tire of hearing?-or in what drawing-room of to- day can you overhear such conversations as were heard in those glamorous even- ings at Lady Blessington's when Rogers was old, and Disraeli and Dickens and Lytton were young ? We have been assured many times that conversation is a dead art, and after listening to what passes for conversation at latter - day social gatherings, one goes home regret- ting it was not decently buried when it died, if it is for lack of a timely funeral that its ghost walks, an ineffectual shadow of what it used to be, and haunts our festive hours in so melancholy a manner. Nor do we pretend to be worthier than our neighbours. Remembering next morning our own share in a previous evening's discussion, we blush with shame to acknowledge how little we spoke of what we really meant, and how much of what we wished others to think we meant ; how we were less anxious to say what we thought than what we thought we ought to say ; for it is this disingenuity that dilutes con- versation and makes mere talk of it. Not till the party is broken up and we can lay all self-consciousness aside do we think of the more out- spoken and approximately brilliant remarks we might have made instead of the vapid, the foolish, the insincere remarks we did make. Certainly, it is better to be wise after the event than to be a fool without intermis- sion, but it is not comforting to feel that if we had only been wise and witty in time .that mere talk of last night might have developed into something like conversation. Never- theless, our acquired foolishness reasserts itself on the next occasion, and so our best things are always the things that we leave unsaid though, after all, they may only seem the best because we did not say them ! 