THE NOVELIST. "SHADOW AND PEACE." CHAPTER XXT. ' I don't know,' replied tlio other. ' I urn afraid thcro in something misorablo behind it ull. But don't say anything about it down-stairs. Mother has taken it for granted wo linro douo too much shopping and overtired ourselves, and it .. is better to lonvo it so for tho present. Bliss Hester will toll us what alio likos. I am going to see her aftor luncheon.' Mr. Murray, upon tho girls arrival, began to rally thoni upon tho conceit of young feather-heads who half killed their aiders in scaruh after tlioir own lincrv and ful-lals. Gwon took advantage of tho vory first opportunity to steal upstairs, and goutly opening tho door of Bliss Hester's bed room, pooped in to discovor if sho was aslcop boforo disturbing hor. Tho sofa was empty, hut tho door of tho wardrobe swuug open, tho chnirs and tobies were littered with various articles of clothing which BIrs. Murray's maid had stowed away so carefully only a fow days before, and at tho window sat Bliss Hostor her- solf, busily engaged writing. Ah Gwon cnterod sho turned round, and her face, though whito and drawn, was perfectly calm and collected, as sho rose from her scat with a quick word of welcome. 'Owen, darling, I havo been longing for you to come.' Owen clasped Bliss Hestor's hand. It was Gwon who was trombling now, sho was nervous and in need of support. Something in tho nppcnmnco of tho room, in the ovidont propnrutions for departure, and in tho long close-written sheet lying on tho desk, gave hor a strango sensation of misgiving. Her lips faltered as sho forced herself to ask tho quostion which w.io weighing upon her mind — ' Aro you going to lcavo us 1' ' Como and sit down on tho sofa, dear. I havo much to say to you,1 said Bliss Hester gently in roply. ' Lock tho door first, so that wo may not bo disturbed. Sit horo, wlioro I can seo your face.' Sho bent forward and looked into tho girls oyos with an anxious scrutiny. ' Gwon, 1 hope I am not acting selfishly in laying soino of my own wretched burdon upon young shoulders. You are young, but you havo grown much older in tho last two months. I havo always felt that wliat- over happened, I could bo sure of your love and sympathy. I do not think it will make your bright lifo any tho less luippy to feel that you havo been able to liolp mo, to do what no ono olso could do what I could ask from no ono olso — oven if for tho timo it wcro a disagree- ablo experience. But it will bo hard for you, in ono way, for I can only tako you partially into my confidence. There is so much that I cannot toll. Can you do a difficult thing for mo 1 Con you listen to what I tell you, and ask no questions — bo content to know a little, and bo left in ignornnco as to tho rest— to havo faith in what T tell you, and totruit mo whatever happens? "Are you strong enough for this dear?' Tho beautiful brown oyos met liors without flinching or hesitation. ' Yes, Miss llcstov. Strong enough to do anything in tho world to help you.' ' My dearest child.' Miss Hostcr sat silent for a moment, gazing before her in dreamy abstraction. Then, rousing hor- solf, proceeded— ' Gwon, I am deception from boginning to ond. Thoro is hardly anything about mo that is not a lio and a protonco. Bfy name — I havo no right to it. It is not my real namo. BIy position — it is assumed for tho timo only. BIy relations — Miss Bovcrloy is no sister of mine. Sho is no relativo at all, It has beon all acting— all unreal. There has been nothing gonuino about me all tho years wo havo spent together, except my desire for solitudo and love for you and tho other girls who were so sweet and thoughtful towards inc. I did what seemed best, but you, with your love of tlio truth, your indignation at tho least reproach 'to deceit, wero of tan a reproach to me. I often wondered how you would fcol if you know.' Sho looked with pathetic wistfulnass into tho girl's fuce. Thcro was no denying that Bliss lies tor's words lmd caused her a shock, but alio had given her word, and was firinly resolved to keep it. 1 1 promised to trust you, so it will mako no difference to nic. I cannot pos sibly judgo you, knowing nothing of your circumstances.' ' And I can tell yon so littlo, but oven that may liolp you to understand. Gwcn, wlion I was a girl nob much oldor than you aro now, I fell into awful trouble. I cannot bear to think of thoso days oven now. Tlioy aro liko a nightmare. But in order to get away from thorn, ond to novo myself from a life'timo of misery and shame, it was necessary to break all tics with the past, hido myself from everyone who know mo, and bceomo liko ono dead. I was alone in despair, not knowing what way to turn, when, in a boarding-house nt a quiot little scasido plncn, I mot Miss Beverley. Sho had como in for somo money, and was anxious to buy tho good will of a school of which sho had heard grand reports. I too was nblo to bring a littlo money to ndd to hers, and sho thon proposed wo should join together and establish ourselves as joint- principals of Blilvorn House. I told her us much of my past history as was necessary to oxplain my ilesiro for tho strictest quiot- tudu and retirement, and requested to bo allowed to adopt her namo and tlio position of a younger sister. Sho is a hard-hearted woman, as you know, but sho has been a faithful friend to mo, (and has honourably fulfilled her part of tlio bargain. AVo havo prospered — more than wo over cxpoctcd — and theso last few years havo been both peaceful and happy. I did not care for teaching, hut I loved to havo you all round me, nnil I can't toll you all that your affection has been to inc. In short, I was beginning to brcatho again, to feel that all was not yot over, that though I could never know tho lifo I had oneo pictured to mysolf, there was BVlil IIIUHI lull; VllHf "I" llttTllljJi A have felt younger, brighter, and happier thoso last fow months than I havo for years. Tlio dread that had oppressed mo night and day had begun to lighten. I camo up here, ready to dare everything, hardly realising I was daring anything— for ton years is a long timo — and I had been undisturbed for ns long as that. 'This morning— what a long time off it scorns already— I felt almost a girl again. AVo were walking nlong together, I and Nellie, laughing and talking with out thought or fear, when suddenly ' — sho shivered and leaned for support on Gwon's arm — 1 thoro camo a touch upon my arm. I turned round, expecting to sco you or ono of tho girls from school, wlion — oh, tho horror of it — it was somo other face. It was tho old life in all its misery and sliamo confronting mo onco again. Ten years care and precaution undone in an instant. Tho future sluit- torcd before mo. I fainted, I suppose. It is sometimes a blessed relief to loso con sciousness, an agony to find it again. I Imped I might yet escape, that ho — that mail had lost sight of mo in tho crowd, that ho would not know whore I was to bo found, and that I might still bo nblo to got bnck to my quiet nest in the country, and livo on thoro peaceful nnd unmolested ; hut I might have known bettor. I looked prosperous and woll dressed ; it was not likely that he would allow 1110 to oscapo. Ho followed us homo and saw where I was staying. Gwon, I must got away at onco I I am not snfa for a day or an hour longer. If I cannot avoid seoing him, I may have' — she shuddered violontly — ' Iloavon only knows wlmt misery boforo mo still. Dear, I must toll you in what way I need your help. I don't wnnt to broatha a word to any ono in tho liouso oxeopt yoursolf about leaving until tho vory momont when it is necessary to sond out for a cab to tako mo to tlio station. I want to got away without questioning nnd without observation. It is not wise to tako more peoplo than you can help into your confidence ; and your parents arc so good, bo kind — it is their very kindness that frightens mo just now I Your fathorjwouid wnnt to protect me, and to tako tho matter into his own hands ; your mother would bo anxious and troubled about my sudden journey. All tho household would know about it through hor thoughtful preparations for my comfort ; and I dread tlio servants, nnd am afraid of their gossiping tongues. If I am to havo a chanca of gotting away quiotly, thoro must bo no talk of it before hand in tho house. I was wondering ' — nuu luvavu j/iumiiiiijr mvu ununn iugu— 1 if you could possibly manage to stay nt homo this evening, dear? It would mean giving up the theatre.' I think I could very easily manage to givo up the theatre for ono ovening to help you, Bliss Hestor.' ' Thank you, dear ; it would help mo greatly. You could send out for a cat),' and make what — what explanations wore necessary. Then there is another thing ; I can't bear the thought that your parents may think mo ungrateful after all their kindness, and I must havo somo excuse for rushing away liko this. Could you do something olso for mo, Gwenl Could you arrange to havo a letter sent to me hero about nino o'clock — that would bo after tho others had left for tho theatre, and would still lcavo mo timo to catch tho tiain at AHctoria— a letter summoning mo away oil urgont business! Heaven knows that is true enough. You would thon bo ablo to oxplain my suddon depar ture— tliov would not think it so strango and suspicious. Oh, Gwon, pity mo. I liato all this suborning and double-dealing; but, if you could only understand for ono moment tho terror that is upon mo, the certainty that, if I cannot get away to night, all tho work of theso long years may bo undono by to-morrow, you would not judgo mo — you would not wonder that I am ready to do anything — anything.' Tlio girl bent forward and pressed a loving kiss upon tho trombling lips. ' I don't judgo you — I don't wondor at all. BIy heart is just aching for you, you poor dear,' sho said simply. 1 1 am going to do everything in my poworto liolp you. I must think what can be dono about tho letter, and I can oxplain your hurry in going off quite truthfully and naturally too — novcr foar. Now listen — I don t want to distress you unnecessarily, hut it would really be bettor for me to know — will you tell mo exactly what it is that you dread the most? AVo have two or thrco hours boforo us, and I shall be able to think tilings over, nnd perhaps hit upon some plan which would prevent Bliss Hester shivorcd. 'I am afraid of liis — watching tho house ; I am afraid that ho might try to sec me. I don't fancy it will bo to-night. Ho will ho anxious to mako inquiries — to find out something about mo nnd tho frionds with whom I am staying— and that will take somo lime ; but ovory hour, every minute, makes the risk greater.' ' And — and wliero do you mean to go, dear ? To Bournemouth, as you in tended V ' Oh, no— oil, no 1 That is all in tho past, Gwen. I must do as I did boforo— out tlio thread oneo for all, and begin lifo in a now place, under a new namo. It is in only liapo. I havo two letters hero which I wunt you to post with your own hands — ono to Bournemouth, to oxcuso myself from my intended visit, nnd the other to BUbs Bovcrloy, explaining to hor what is necessary about this revival of tlio old trouble. I can trust her to do ull that is right. BIy share in tho profits of tho school sho will placo in tho bank for mo under tho now namo that I havo given hor, and for a time, at least, wo will hold no corre8pondonco. I shall go abroad and loso myself in somo quiet littlo placo in Franco or Switzerland. You will hear of mo soon — not for a month or two perhaps; but you will know that I havo not for- gotton you. I will lcavo a nolo for your motlior. Is tliorc any tiling olso you would liko to ask, dear 1' ' Nothing more about to-night — I know all that is necessary now ; but, oh, Miss Hestor, thoro is ono thing I am longing to know. Is thoro no chanco of ending this troublo 1 Is thoro no liopo of happi ness for you, you poor, poor thing 1 AVill it last all your lifo? Can't you look forward, and pray and hope ' Bliss Hestor tightened hor grasp upon tho girl's arm with an admonishing pros- sure; ' Hush, darling, hush— you don't know what you say,' sho whispered breathlessly. 'It will last — I cannot toll how long; but I dare not wish — I dnre not oven pray fat flftllvpr/itim ? if-, wrmlfi Vtn n. Rtn r CHAPTER XXII. Gwen met with little opposition from her father and mother wlion sho expressed her intention of staying nt homo with Bliss Hester, instead of going to tiio theatre ns had been planned. It seemed only kind that somo one should stay at homo in charge of tho invalid, who was still looking palo and shaken, nnd fit for nothing but a quiet evening at homo. Bliss Hester had dressed herself as usual in her pretty gray-bluo silk, and her two pupils wcro filled with admiration for tho bravo mnnnor in which olio had rotainod her composure during tho long dinner which must havo boon such a very trying ordeal. They did their best to lighten tlio train by keeping up conversa tion, during which her nervousness might bocomo apparent. But Gwon experienced ono or two bad momonts when tlio sound of tho door-bell rang through tho house, and Bliss Hester glanced in agonised appeal across tlio table. If this was to go on till ton o'clock, if every ring at tho door was to sot both hearts bentir.g furiously, Gwon hardly know how sho would exist during tho noxt fow hours. Hor relief was unspeak able when at last tho earriago rolled up to tho door, ami Gwon rejoiced that n ladv living near had accoptcd tho offer of a ticket, nnd was now waiting ill tho drawing-i-oom to accompany tho party to the theatre. Tlio stranger was small and slight, and similar to Bliss Hestor, so that anyone, watching nt a distanco, might oosily mistako tlio ono for tlio other, so tho Indios, wrapped in their long cloaks, descended tlio stops nnd crossed tlio pave- mont to tlio earriago. This offer of tlio tickot had been hor own suggestion, nnd sho pointed out tho advantages that might ariso from such a mistako, with no littlo prido in her diplomacy ; but Bliss Hester only smiled faintly. Tho long effort at self-restraint had boon too much for hor strength, nnd sho hurried upstairs to hor own room, and thoro Rat down, to await witli what pationeo siio could command tlio arrival of tho expected lotter. It arrived punctually. . A loud knock sounded through tho liouso, and William ascended tho staircase, bearing on a salvor not only tho letter written by Gwon her self, but two or three others addressed to Bliss Ile-stcr Bovorloy, and bearing various postmarks. Five minutes later Gwon rushed hur riedly down- stairs, calling for AVilliain in liUIIUii At illvll wuuiu uu IIVUIU viuuuguvuv tlio house. ' AVilliain, thoso letters 1' sho gasped. ' Bliss Bovcrloy has hail bad news ; sho will bo obliged to lenvo us this evening. There is a train in an hour from now. It is tho only ono to-night. AVo must start in thrco-qunrtors of an hour. AVill you see that thcro is a cab hero without fail 1' ' Yes, miss, I will indeed. Dear, dear, it is sudden. And hor so ailing, too,' exclaimed AVilliam, with polite com miseration. ' Not a death in tho family, I hope, miss V > ' No, no, not a death, but there is groat troublo. Thoro is no timo to bo lost. Maurico need not como upstairs. I will help Miss Beverley with her things, for sho is a good deal upset, and would rather bo alono. I will ring wlion wo aro ready to havo her l»xcs brought down, and, AVilliam, I intend nccoinpanying her to tho station, and Bliss Bovcrloy thinks I ought to havo somo ono with mo coming back. Is Charles at homo to-night 1 Has ho gono out with tho carriage ?' ' No, miss ; Charles is in tho kitchon at this minuto. Tho coachman is alono to- night. Tlio mistress sent Charles to look aftor thoso llowors of yours that had not como ; ho has not been hack ten minutes.' ' That's all right, thon. AVill you toll him, plaaso, that he must be ready to. como with us. Ho can sit on tho box liesidu tlio man, In half an hour send Charles out, and toll hiin to como back in tho cab himself. Thoro mnst bo no mistake.' ' Thoro shall bo no mistako ; you leave it ail to roe, iniss,' said AVilliam, in his most reassuring manner. By tho time the half-hour had expired the various arrangements were com pleted, tho boxes wero piled upon tho top of tho cab, Oliarles was standing by tho door ready to spring to ills seat as soun as tlio ladies should bo sottlcd, and AVilliam, with an air of respectful com miseration, was waiting to offer his last services to tlio departing guest. Bliss Hester camo down tho Btaircase, whito as a ghost, hor lips tightly com pressed, hor oyes shining. The weal or woo of licr wnolo future lifo would be dotorminod within tho noxt few minutes, and sho know it. Owen led tho way, wearing a dark cloak over hor ovoning dress, a little turban hat showing to advaiitago tho clean-cut beauty of her face Taking advantago of a momentary, pauso in tlio hall, sho hurried through tho. inner glass door to tho wido stono stops. Her heart was beating suffocatingly; as alio, stood tiierc, a conspicuous figure in tlio clear evening light, glancing to tlio right and to tho left with an air of composure which was tlio most miserable of pre tences. Carriages wero rolling along ; footsteps approached and passed by ; tall dark- coated figures emerged from tho gloom ; palo faces wore raised to hor own timo aftor timo, as sho stood on tho stops controlling horsolf by a strong effort of will, not knowing whether tlio footstops might slacken, whether tho casaai glanco might suddenly become fixed nnd intense, and whether ono of these unrecognised strangers might bo transformed into what appeared at that moment tlio personifica tion of all that was most loathsome and hateful — into tho man who was tlio bano and tlio shadow of Bliss Hester's life. It seemed incrcdiblo to rcallso that tlioy wore safoiy. off at last, that they had not been? stopped, that no ono lind ventured a word of romonstranco. Gwon turned, witli a smile, to lior companion ; but Bliss Hester, sitting rigid in hor corner, seemed unaware of her prcsenco. Sho liar drawn a thick veil over hor face before leaving tlio houso, nnd now sho bent forward, scanning, -with oyos dilated from foar and excitement, every figure as it passed along tho pavemont. Every momont was a gain, but ono glanco nt Bliss Hester's drawn white face proved how far sho hersolf was from fcoling any sense of security. Mnm tlinn minn thn hand that lav in Gwon's trembled from suddon fear, and tho sound of a quick gasping for breath reached her car; then a long-drawn sigh of relief would toll that for tlio momont at least tlio alarm lmd proved unfounded. Gwcn's heart beat fast in sympathy witli her friend at each of theso baseless alarms ; but there camo a moment when tho feverish' grip on her arm did not sluckon, wlion tho gasping for breath continued, nnd dcopcucd into a groan of despairing conviction. Bonding eagerly forward, tho girl caught a Hooting glimpso of a tall, dark figure standing at the edgo of tlio pavemont. 'That man — thoro — under tho lamp post? AVoll, if it was, what can it matter ? Ho cannot havo soon you.' I — I don't know. Ho scorned to be looking straight at mo, to meet my eyes 1 But ho may go to tho houso, Gwen ; ho may find out whore wo aro gono ; wo shall have somo time to wait at tlio station ; ho may como aftor us.' ' Tho girl turned round in ordor to poor through tlio small window at tlio back of tlio cab. ' Ho lias not soon you, dear ; make your mind easy. Ho is standing still. Ho is lighting a cigar ; now ho _ has thrown away his match, and is quietly strolling along in tlio opposite direction. Ho may possibly bo going to tlio houso, as you say, but oven then you havo nothing to fear. You did not know what a clover person you had ongngod oh your sido when you asked mo to help you. I had no idea mysolf that I could schema so splondidly. AVait a moment. I hove something to say to Charles, aftor that I will explain.' Sho let down tho window, and spoke a fow emphatic words to tlio footinan, and then drew in her head, smiling and radiant. 'How, tlion, it's all arranged. Yon wore in such a stale of agitation that you did not notico that I gave directions at tho door to bo drivon to Paddington. I havo now told Charles that wo want to go to Victoria instead ; so, you see, if anyono wore to inquire for you at tlio door and to start in pursuit, ho would havo his journoy for nothing.' Bliss Hestor murmured a fow words of gratitudo, and leaned hor head against tlio girl's shoulder with a sigh of hcnrtfolt relief and thanksgiving. Tho remainder of the drive was passed in absoluto silonco. All that was neces sary had beon said, nnd ovcry moment of that restful silcnco seemed to bring with it rcnowod liopo and courage. ladies hurried down tlio platform and took tlioir seats ill a first-class car riage, leaving Charles to look after the removal of tho luggage. In loss than five minutes ho reappeared, dressing-hag in hand, and with tho information that tho heavy luggago was safoiy placed in tiio luggage-van. ' Tho ono to tlio loft, ma'am, nt tho end of tho train ; I havo seen it in mysolf. But I can seo no labels. I thought I had bettor mention it. Sliull I try to get somo for you at tho book-stall, nia'um.' ' How stupid of me. That's my fault,' criod Cwen. 'Stay horo and arrange Miss Boverloy'8 . tilings for Iter, Charles. I havo tlio labols in my pocket, and I will seo thorn put on mysolf V — and alio jumped on to tho platform and disappeared among tlio crowd boforo a word of protest could bo uttered. A fow minutes inter tho boll was ringing, porters, passing from ono compartment to another, wcro loudly slamming tho doors, and Gwon returning swiftly to hor friond, found herself obliged to exchange farewells through the open window of tho carriage. 'Right, dear. All right. I saw them put on mysolf. Good-byo — good-bye, iny dear Bliss Hostor. I shall think of you cvory minute of tlio day. Try to lot raa know soon how and where you aro. You may trust mo to bo careful.' Miss Hostor nodded quickly.' 'Yes— yes— I know. And, Gwon, I can never thank — never forgot ' Sho was evidently struggling for words in which to express Iter gratitudo ; but the norvous shrinking had returned at tiio last crilical moment and in tho middlo of tho sentonco she disengaged hersolf from tlio girl's cmbraco and retreated into tho shelter of tlio carriage. Tho Btation wus alivo witli tho hurry and bustlo whicli always accompany the departure of an important mail-train. Lato- comors rushed overy moment along tlio platform, shouting out inquirios and directions of tlioir frionds and tho portors. It. was improbablo that ono of thoso anxious and oxcited travellers should bo tho mysterious stranger whoso nppearanco was so much dreaded ; but Gwon clasped hor hands nervously together boneath hor cloak as she stood waiting for tlio whistle that would assure her that tho train was off at last. "AVlieii tlio train began to move slowly out of tho station, the dark eyes wore full of toars, and she was un- nblo to spoak a word us sho chaspcd Bliss Hester's hand in a final farowoll. ' Safo at last. Yot ovon now it seemed as if fresh alarms awaited hor, for, as sho turned to retraco hor stops, Owon beenmo aware of tlio prcsenco of a number of moil standing in a group a littlo farther down tlio platform, ono of whom was taking in loud nnd angry tones, and gesticulating vigorously in tho direction of tho do- parting train. Ho was tall, too, and dark, and of a palo colourless complexion. Every other man upon whom her oyes rested this evening to tlio dreaded description. Sho folt that siio was on on tiio point of being recognised, and of boing forced to gavo an account of Bliss Hester's flight. For ono moment she wavered, tlio next, realising that sho had no cltoico hut to faco tiio worst, sho throw back hor head, and went boldly forward with tho air of a princess, looking neither to tlio right nor to tlio loft. AVould tlio man still go on speaking. AVould ho break off in tlio middlo of a sontonco at tlio sight of hor cold impassivo faco. AVould ho follow and domnnd an intcrviow. Tlio singing in hor ears was so loud that she hardly know how mucli was reality, how much, imagination ; but it seamed to hor that there was a pauso, a rapid exchange of question and answer, a sound of footstops in hurried pursuit, thon — oh, tho horror of tho momont! — a man's tall figure approached her, a hand tightened on her arin — It was tlio lost straw. Gwon had kept up an appearance of calm and composure, but in reality her nerves hod beon strained to the highest tension ever since tlio intcrviow with Bliss Hester early in tlio afternoon, and sho had now reached tiio limit of Iter endurance. For ono moment sho stood still, rooted to tlio spot by terror nnd dismay ; then, with a piercing cry, alio broko loose from the detaining iiand and ran to tlio footman's sido for protection. J CHAPTER XXIII. A moment later two eager voices soundod in Gwon's car. ' Lor bless you, miss, you dicln t think I would allow nny lmrm to como to you 1' oxclaiined Charles, in oniphatiu solf-vin- dicntion. .'I mado sure you had. scon who it was ' . . . ' Gwon," criod another voice, 'what. in tlio world havo I dono to startlo you like this. Ton thousand pardons. I nin most horribly sorry.' If tlio spenker hhd lmd cnuso to resent tlio manuor in which ho lmd been received at first, lie lmd no reason to complain of tlio greeting which awaited him now ; for at tho sound of his voice Owen, loosening hor grasp on tlio sorvant's arm,' turned towards him a faco which was radiant witli relief and joy. Sir John. Oil, I am thankful to seej you. Is it really you. Don't go away. There's a cab waiting for us outside. You will como and seo mo home, won| t you. You must como ; I am afraid of boing ioft alnno.' Sir John took hor hand, and, drawing it within his arm, lod tho 'way to tho ontranco to tho station without a word of reply ; but, whan thay wore seated in the cab, nnd Charles had mountod to placo on tho box, his curiosity could no longer bo restrained. 'Now, Gwon, toll mo, what is tho meaning of all this ? AVhutin tlio world havo you boon doing hero nt this hour of tiio night? And why wore you so terribly upsot wlion I ventured to spoak to you jnBtnow?' ' You didn't spoak ; you touched ino. And I can't bear to be to startled,' returned Gwon ovasively. She then plunged into tlio story of Miss Hestor's departure, thankful to chango tho subject as speedily as possible. It was n pathetic littlo story ; but Sir John, listening witli witli his air of judiaial con sideration, seemed to havo his sympathy porvorsoiy interested in tho wrong direc tion, for from boginning to ond it was Gwon's anxiety, Owen's deprivation, Gwcn's exertion, which impressed liini, to tho oxelusion of Bliss Hester's suffering. with liorl Poor girl — you would bo frightened. It was an uncomfortable position for you.' ' Sho fainted more than onco ; and sho was very ill and weak all tlio aftoruoon.' ' And you stayed in witli her, and did not go to tlio theatre aftor all ? That was too bad. You wcro looking to seoing that play.1 ' Sho was far too ill to bo left alono. And it was a mercy that I did stay. It would havo been miserable! if sho lmd been obliged to hurry away all by herself, with only tho servants to liolp her.' ' But was it nccossary that you should como to tlio station. You look tired and worn out ! Surely tho man ' 'No — tho man would not havo been enough. Sho was ill and weak ; nnd I was not going to ho so heartless ns to let hor go away ull alono. You novcr houiu to think about hor feelings — no one seems to tilink about them. All incn aro alike, I boliovo— cruel, wicked, selfish.' ' Owon ' Tho tone of amazement quickly changed to ono of gravest concern, for tlio girl lmd suddunly covered her face with hor linudu and was rocking herself to and fro in her soat struggling to repress her sobs. Gwon, don't. AVImt in tho world aro you doing.' A tremulous laugli mingled witli tlio sobs which Gwcn tried in vain to control. Sho dropped her hands nnd looked up into liis face witli dark tear- dimmed oyes. ' I — I believe I am crying 1' alio said faltoringly; and as she spoko tho tours welled over and rolled slowly down her cheeks. ' I — I am so tired.' ' You poor child.' Sir John gazed for a moment into tlio beautiful quivering face, and then resolutely averted his head, 'For Heaven's sake, Gwen,' lie said hoarsely, ' don't cry. I can't stand it — I can't indeed. AVliy, I have known you all your life, and I don't think I linvo evor seen you cry until thin minute.' 'Ail the samo, it's a great relief,' re plied Gwcn, witli a suspicious gulp. ' I shall go in for it oftcncr in tlio future. If you want mo to stop, talk to mo about something else— toll ino something to attract my attention. How was it, for instance, that you appeared just in the nick of timo just now. AVoro you ono of tho people that wcro standing round that horrid man who was making such a disturbance.' ' I was. That horrid man us you call him, is a friond of initio, who, liko your friond Miss Hester, lmd a special reason for wishing to cateli tlio train to-night. I was diniug witli liini, and caino to seo him off; but our watches must imro beon slow, I suppose, for wo turned up just in timo to bo too late, and tlio pour follow was naturally a good deal porturbed.' 'And you caino away and left him without a word, when you lmd boon witli him all tlio ovoning. Oil, I am so sorry. That is my fault. AVhatover will ho tliink of you.' I don't know,' returned Sir John calmly. A moment later ho added, witli emphasis, 'And I don't euro. You wanted mo — that was enough. Thoro was un intonation in his voice which sounded strangoly in tlio girl's cars and sho turned hor head and gazed at liiin in surprise. Sir John had novcr spoken to hor before in such a touo of suppressed oxcitoniont, and it sounded oddly from tho lips of tiiis most self- possessed of mon. Gwon regarded Sir John's finely-cut profile with now interest nnd curiosity as ho loaned forward, clasping his knees, and staring fixedly out of tlio window. It was exceeding strango. All her lifo long sho lmd been accustomed to regard Sir John as a middle-aged — nay, oven an oldoriy man — a compeer of hor own father's, as far removed from hersolf and hor companions as any of tlio portly gray- haired gentlemen who had visited their house from timo to timo, chucked her under the chin, nnd informed hor, with fatherly jocularity, that alio was ' growing a fino eirl.' And now in a moment )m looked neither old nor elderly nor oven middle-aged ; lie " appeared young— ab surdly young — as young ns tlio great majority of tlio partners with whom alio danced nnd amused herself overy night of her life. Thcro was youth in overy lino of tiio long slim figure — youtli in tlio poiso of tho well-shaped head. Above and beyond ail, there had been youth — Hninistaknblo youth — in ovory accent of tlio tiio deep vibrating voice. Gwon leaned back in her corner and stared at her companion, hor bewilder ment increasing every momont. AVas it really Sir John himself who lind changed ill this sudden nnd marvellous manner, or was it simply that her oyes lmd been opancd to discovor her .own mistako. AVhon ho turned towards her again, hor puzzled look ovnkod an immediate inquiry. 'I was staring,' replied Gwon promptly, ' nt you. You look so — so young oil of a sudden ; I can't understand it. I always thought you wero quito ' ' 'Old?' suggested Sir John, finishing tlio sentence fur her, witli a half-bitter laugh. 'I am afraid you did. Novcr- tholess, Gwon, strango as it may seom, I am not old. I boliovo I may ovon lay claim to being comparatively young. It may sound a vciicrablo ago to your youth ful cars, but, iu tlio estimation of tlio world, u man of barely forty ' 'Forty. Good gracious — is that all. Really I thought you ware fifty at tho very least !' cried Gwen, with character istic frnnknoss. ' Forty. How vory ex traordinary. AVliy, when I was a tittle girl at school, and thought you old ovon tlion. Dear mo — this is quito a revolu tion. It's quito funny. I shall havo to rcviow tlio situation and altor nil my pro- concoiveil ideas. Forty. I'm afraid you imvo boon trading on your gray hairs and your political reputation, Sir John. I know a groat many men who aro tliirty- fivo, or a fow yoarsovor, but I novor think of treating tlioin with respect or vonora- tion.' ' Havo you treated ino with rospect and venoration. Is that tho inforonco from your remark?' inquired Sir John, with a laugh. ' Excuso my Haying that I should scarcely imvo doscribcd your bohaviour to. mo in such very formidablo terms. 'Oil, yes— I know. I liavo played tricks upon you and all that sort Qf tiling,' interrupted G won hastily; 'hut at tho bottom of my heart I did respect and voncrato you all tlio samo, and looked up to you as being at a tremondous distance from mysolf, and — ' For Heaven's sake, then, don't do it nnv more. Lob tlio vonnrabinn en bo biio wall, Gwon, or keep it for somo 0110 olso ; I don't want it. Try to look upon ino as you do upon other man of iny own ago. There is 110 difference between us in reality, for I ain not to blnmo for nfumily disposition to gray hair ; it doesn't mako me any older at heart. What does make me older and sadder into tlio bargain is to fcol that I am supposed to boat a 1 tremen dous distanco ' from my futiow creatures. I have novcr really had any youth, for it was all work and no play wlion I began lifo on my own account. I used to think that I should havo a chanco of enjoying myself as other mon did lutor on ; but in the meantime my hair turnod gray ; und it appears that I succeeded a littlo too woll for my own comfort, for tiio world scorned to havo condemned 1110 to the ' all work ' system fur lifo, und to bo quite shocked and surprised wlion I showed any disposition to inako merry. It's rather hard lines. ' It is hard lines. You poor old-young thing !' cried tlio girl, in laughing sym pathy. ' Never mind ; I will novor venerate you again as long as I livo— I'll proiuisu you that. And I'll try— I'll try to tliink about you as I do about tho otliors. You look older than they do, though — thoro is 110 denying it. Tho hard work has told. It is not only tho gray hair ; there aro suoli (loop linos upon your face.' 'You could take tlioin all awuy, Gwon, if you cliosu 1' replied Sir John, that striuigo vibrating intonation sounding onco more in Ids voice. ' Tlioy havo not been caused by work ; tlioy are tlio result of loneliness and disappointment. You could wipe them all away if you clioso.' ' I could I1 Gwon's wido-oyod stare of astonishment was absolutely freo from self-consciousnoss. ' Then, if I could, you may bo sure that I will. I would do any thing to help you.' AVith an impulsive movomont I10 clasped tier hand and pressed it tightly. ' Gwon,' ho cried, und lie looked more youthful than over, 'I must sny it. I meant to wait, but it is of no use, I must speak. Gwon, imvo you never thought, lias it never occurred to you that I — that I loved you — that that was the reason why Ho stopped abruptly, and thoro was a breathless silence, while Gwon's hand lay unresistingly in Ids, and sho gazed scarcli- inglyinto Ids eyes from beneath drawn nnd puckered brows. ' Yes, I know — of courso I know. I lovo yon too, you havo always been so kind to mo; wo havo boon such good friends.' But 111 spito of her composure the girl trembled as alio spoko. ' Ah ' — thoro was a ring of pain in liis voico— ' but that is not tlio kind of lovo I want, that is not tho lovo I fcol for you. ' Frionds 'i Look at mo, Gwon. Do you think I can bo satisfied to lie any Ion < -or a fi loud, and nothing more? I lovo you, not as a friend, not its a child, I lovo you as a man loves ono woman iu liis life, and only one. I believe I Imvo always loved you. AVhon yon wero a littlo girl at school, I cared more about seoing you than any 0110 else ; when I mot women in society, I used to smilo to myself, com paring them mentally witli what you would bo at tho samo ago; all my thoughts and d reams lmd ways of drifting towards you. BIy habit of continually ignoring the present iu tlio liopo of what was to como nroso unconsciously from an antici pation of tho timo wlion yon would bo old enough to understand — when you would be a woman ' ' And am I a woman now?1 quoriod tlio girl, her voico full of plaintive regret. 'It seems so soon. A fow weeks ngo I was nt school. I shall not bo nineteen for two months yet; and it is nil so sudden und unexpected — I can't realise it, mid I don't know I can't tell whother I am glad or sorry.' Sho sighed, and tlio oyes which wero raised to liis grow soft and wistful. But, Oil, I am too young,' sho cried. ' I havo lind no experience, I don't under stand mysolf ; I never dreamed of such a thing ns this— novcr— novcr! You ficomel ad much older, niwl un nnSi-n ....i » » ihui reserved. lou aro sure you aro not making a mistiiko-tlint you aro not just imagining it? Quite, quito sure?' ' I am quite sure, Gwcn,' Sir John replied, smiling sadly. 'I understand im-sc f only too well. I um afraid to think how much I lovo you, or what it vi" mean to me if you find it impossible to givo mo your lovo in return. But you must not tliink, dear, that I want you to givo ino an answer immediately. It is only fair that yon should lmvo a little timo of freedom ; and, ovon if you iovad ino, I would never press for an early marriage. All, Gwcn, what a start. Did it sound so terrible as nil that. For a momont liis fingers closed witli a firm jealous grip over tlio littlo hand that was struggling for freedom ; thon, relaxing his hold, lio mado no further effort to to detain it. ' No — I ask for no promise . to-day. . You aro young — I know it — terribly young in comparison with my yours, and you must choose for yoursolf. Forgivo this outburst, and, boliovo mc, . I shall havo inoro sonso than to repeat it for a long, long timo to como. Thoro is only ono thing' I ask of you now — give mo a chanco witli tiio rest. Don't put ma back in tlio old placo, and think of me as removed from all human hope and interests. A political reputation is not tho only tiling in tho world, Gwon, or tho most satisfying. AVhon otlior mon speak of lovo to you, ramembor that I love you too— that I havo loved you for yours—. over sinco you wore a child. Cliooso for yoursolf, for your own happiness ; bat at least romembor to rank mo with tile rest. I would dovoto my lifo to your happiness.' ' t know,'— siio said softly — 1 1 know,1 It was paiufhl to hear Sir John of all peoplo speaking thus humbly. That ho, tlio darling of tlio people, upon whosa words thousands hung and wore swayedp by tiio irresistible power of liis oloquencd — ho, whose word was of weight in tho history of tlio nations — nay, in tho vory making of history itself — that ho should address hor in sucli hesitating tones, and ask as a favour to ho allowed to rank ' witli tho rest ' in competing for hor love. ' I am not wortli it : you aro too good to mo,' sho murmured. Sir John had fallen into an abstracted reverie ; and Gwon could therefore study liis faco and figure without fear of liis ob serving hor. In spito of borsolf, a thrill of oxultation ran through her as sho reflected upon tho extraordinary change that would tako place in her own position if she wore to say Yos ' to tlio question which llltf (in linni' hit f.litu mnn'u liivtttK A a Tsirli. Grey, tlio wife of a prominent statesman, alio would bo a loading figure in society. 'Sir John nnd Lady Grey donicd with tlio Queen at AVimlsor Castlo on Wednes day ovoning by command'; 'Sir John and Lady Grey wore among the first to arrivo nt tho Houso '; ' Sir John and Lady Grey held a brilliant reception nt their family mansion in Park Lane' — such would bo tlio announcements in tlio daily newspapers. Gwcn smiled to horsolf in tlio darkness at tho absurdity of tho idea J yot she felt hor checks glow, and she threw buck iter head with conscious prido. A grand careor, that was what it meant — and safety also— safety from tlio shoals and quicksands into which poor Bliss Hester's unhappy lovo seemed to have drawn her, for Sir John Groy's wife would always bo sure of tho gentlest most courteous cousidoration. Thon su<i» donly, in tho inidst of her calm sober reasoning, hor youtli assorted itself in hot protest. Thoro was somotiiing above ambition— abovo safety— that mysterious intangible something' which had tlio power to mako old things now, to flood tlio world with radiance, to thrill the lioart with that glow of exquisite huppi- noss which made hardest duties easy nnd common things beautiful. Tlioro was hucIi a feeling— sho had read of it, hoard of it — nav, more, lind soon it irradiuting a faco mado lovely for tho timo boing by its transfiguring power. At the prospect of deliberately thrusting its cluims aside her heart awoke and clamoured rosist- lossly for its rights. She stretched out her hand and seized Sir John's arm in an eager grasp. ' Oh, _ don't tempt me !' alio cried. ' There is so much that you could givo mo —so much that I should liko. And I caro for you, too — it hurts mo togivoyoii' pain. You could porsuade mo so easily if. you tried ; but, oh, don't do it. I nm so young, und I'— sho hesitated—' I shnll. lovo soino ono some day — I feel it ; but it it lias not como yot. Bo kind to mj and lot mo wait.' (to ne continued.) 