THE BOERS AND SOUTH AFRICA. Lecture by the Rev. H. Whittington. There w:is a good attendance at the Parish Hall on Fi iday night on the 6c casion of the leciuru by the .Rev. H. Whittington. Un "The Boers of South Africa." Mr. J. B. Phillips occupied the chair, and introduced the lecturer. Mr. Whittingtiiii, having mentioned tho fact that he was for -en years in South Africa, referred to the habits of tho Boers, who were under the impression that they were whiter than the English people. ■ : . BOEK HOfIPITAIJTr. As a rule Boers were uot particularly fond of water, nud if they washed them selves a lirtle more often they would be less unlike a white race. As fir as tbn Nutal Boers were concerned thy had been found to be extremely huspi-able. A traveller getting out of the saddle or tho cart nnd walking up to lh& door usually caught hold of the man of the house, sayiiii; "Good morning, uncle !" Then the traveller would shake hands with the boys and kisa all tho daughters. (Laughter). The more familiar one was the better they seemed to like it. (Laugh ter). Even the poorer class of Boers, who had limited accommodation, were pressing in their hospitality, and even if they had but a innate bedroom the way farer would be invited to share it. ADDICTED TO SMOKING AND IDLENESK The Boers were a lazy race. Born tired, they had a disinclination to work, and were apparently anxious that their reputa tion in that direction should not be lost. And as smokers thsy had no equ.il. Having accepted nn invitation to spend a few days with a Boer family, Mr. Whit tingtou expected to have a pleasant time. He was roused up very early in the njurn ing aud was taken to see the cows milked. Returning, they had breakfast, followed by family worship ; then they went out side, and the Boer smoked and walked about, but did nothing. It whs the same during the rest of the" day, then in the evening there was family worship, suc ceeded by supper, and to bed. Thinking that each day was to be spent like that, he (the lecturer) asked for the loan of a gun and went shooting. Shortly after he took his departure. A friend of his went to spend a week or two with a Buer family. Getting tired of the habits of the host, he also procured a gun, but pur posely left the charge in. Hearing a guinea pip close by, the Boer Sei?ed the gun aud etealthily crept out. Putting the gun to his shoulder, the marksman pulled the trigger; then for a time he remembered nothing. Coming to, the Boer finiud his gun in three pieces, aud the guinea piy unhurt. His (Mr. NVhittiiigtun's) friend had removed the ordinary cartridge and substituted a more powerful one, deter mining that his Boer friend would be livened up for once in his life. The Boers smoked from morning till night, and even smnked after they had gone to bed. The smoking was perhaps nut very obinxious, but while smoking their habits were filthy The Boer expec'orated whilo he smoked, and was not particular where he expect or ' atei or what he expectorated on. Eveu I the great President himself expectorated. Seated in his State coach, and accomjianied by hia mounted troopers, the President smoked a big pipe and expectorated all ' over the lining of the gorgeous vehiclo. J BOER IMETV. : As might be judged by the cablegrams, the Boers were very pious. They had abundance of religion, but very little Christianity. On uo account would the Boer think of commencing the day's work without family worship. Hymns were usually sung, and a prayer offered up. Hut a Boer would uot hesitate to take advantage of a person after family worship, nor would it be considered wn.ug to do so There were no better supporter* of the church than the?oers, sacrificiuganythinK to keep their ministers. The edifices in which divine worship is held are splendid buildings, and the parson's themselves usually have a great time nf it. All the miuwters have to do when they require anything is to give their people a gentle hint andl their want* will "be mat with. In Cape Colony the worshippers c?me in for Communion servic?, which lasted three days. On one occasion some Boers were playing "nap" in a private house. While the game was progressing one of the oracers of the church informed the minister what was going on.'and byand-by a knock was heard at; the^lo<>r. None of those taking part in the game anticipated a clerical visit, anli the clergyman n? he stood waiting admittance heard a reference to his Satanic Majesty. When the door was opened and the minister walked in, there was great'eonsternation. Mhe participants in the game were horrified, and fled, making their exit as lustily an they could. And what did the parsoudo ? Why he simply scooped the pool. (Laughter). ■ j BOEES ACCOWUSHID UiM. , The Boer had the reputation of being an accomplished liar—the most accora pushed liar in the world. It was said that on one occasion the champion liar of America visited South Africa, and he had to admit that he was not in it. (Laughter). .When the champion liar of America ad mitted that he had uo show against the B.oer "J .t*?t line, there was not much dm of an Englishman trying. There wa?"a story in refarence to the Boers' ejawuera. Uye proclivide* whiWhid' been^told. although he. (the lecturer) wa. not pre pared to vouch for ito correetnoM. £ snake jjwaUo.ed two bushmen, and ? con versation took; place ?■ to how - tho prisoners were to get out.One suggested catting* hole in the side'of the reptile and crawl out, but the other was in favour of makiog a fire, which wan acnurdi(?lv done. The snake, feeUng the fire burn Tug it, turned round and crushed Ui death both men. The narrator having boeu aaked how he knew about the conrersa tion, seeing that the snake killed the men, the reply came, " Oh, my father told me." (Laughter). The Boeis Imd a weakness fur ghost stories, too. IMPUDENT AND AKKOGANT. As far as the Transvaal Buets were concerned, there was not much to be said in their favour. They were for the most part impudent, at rogant and blustering. Many a time an Englishman's bluod had beeii roused to such an extent asto causa h'li) to raise nu arm and lay the Dutch man low. He (Mr. Whittiujjton) remein on Vine occasion <>no of the Boers who had taken part against Dr. Jameson in tho memorable raid gloating over the victory of the Boers, and rejoicing at the. dtfeiit of the Englishmen -It was thought the Boer fhould be ttught a lesson, md with, that end in view one of the bystandtns obtained tar, and another feather;?, >>nd the Boer was dressed elaboiately with tluit mixture. His ap|ienrnnco whs such that it was difficult to tell whether he war bird, beast ir man. BOER HATKED OF BRITISHERS. Many-people vri ru under the iui|iret-simt that the haired of Ihe Holts touniils tlie English 'people niily existed since the Jsi meson raid. That was nut so, fur it. was v ? oil-Known fact that the Doers Imd hated thu British for a long time. Mnff.it, Liviiigetotie and other explorers' referred to this feeling ou tho part of thu Boots. :'. .. ' s ■; ;;;:-; ~'.'-■ SLA VKKV., :■";..■.. ..;,._' " ■' ■' When. England had determined t> abolish slavery, many Boors crowed over t> the Free Stute . siud the Tnmsv.iitl. beat 1180 they wiuted t<> treat the nigger as" they thought ha should be treated. In the Trausvaai* at the present lime there were, thousands of uatives tin butter than slaves. They received no wage, and hid to grow food to supply their wants .-is bust ! they could. For'the most trivial offence's j the slaves weio shamefully beaten. It was not, toY be wondered at, therefore, i that the'Siiiizis, Zulus and other mces were anxious t<i thruw in their lot with the English aud fight ag.iiiut their enemies. • j 1 ...■ /OFFICIAL COIIHUJTIOX. j IntheTransvaalthci>nlcial|.ositioiiiiwcre h seethiug iiia-ss of corruption. The Presi | dent himself, professing to make a study | of. the Bibhyset the example. A year or so ago President Kruger was enter tained at Cape Town right loy.illy and on returning home sent in his little hill ?s though he had borne the expense himself. The'account wriuld hive passtd too h.id not the Trenaurer-Genoinl exposed the whole bufinas?. When the petition wghod by 25,000 Englishmen was sent to Her Majesty, a counter petition was raised, and it camo out after that ench signature cost £4 4s. Almost anything could.he procured in the Transvaal from the officials if one had sufficient money. ■ lU.-TX.E.VTIKG THE ENGLISH PEOPLK. Ever since the Jameson mid the'Pngl'sh people had been trent?d in a shameful way. The Boer officials never lost an opportunity <'fii>Bultingihom vvlien they had ihe chance. During tho prevalence of it contagious di&euse; in ?he Transvaal it was found necessary to disinfect all who crossed the border, anil for this purpose ? small b >x was prepared with mi nperture in it to hang round the neck of each person, from which the fumes of sulphur were emitted. When an Englishman or won:in vras beini; disinfected the officials took care that they were not treated iv a very gentle manner. While the victims were choking fr.nn the sulphur tho Boers stood by laughing and tnuckitig. ~ Instead of disinfecting ilip clothes and belongings of the English people, they worn dragged through n I solution of carbolic ncid and destroyed, i There was no use objecting—not the | slightest. Could it he wondered at that j those who had been taught to sing thnt i " Britons iirvershull besUves" demurred at the scandulous way iv which they hid been treated 1 ENOLISH LaXCITjiGE l'Kuill?lT£li. The English language was not allowed to be spoken iv tho Trausvaxl — ererything bad-to be conducted in Dutch. In the schools the English language was for bidden, uor was it permit.cd in the course of business. In Cape Colony, which was an English colony, a Dutchman was placed on an equal footing to the Englishman. Dutch wns taught in the State schools and spoken in courts of !aw, and business con ducted iv Dutch. >'OT AFRAID OF ENGLAVD. The Boere made a boast that they were not afraid of England, who they hoped to wipe off the face of the earth. Fifty thousand Englishmen, said one Boer, "will be a breakfast for us." One of the leading mpera in South Africa had said " Let the Englishmen send their nieu, and let the Australians cumo with their men, women and childreu ; England will need 150,000 men.to have a ghost of a show." Boers, from the President down, believed Divine Providence whs on their side. He (Mr. Wilmington) thought it would be the other way about. IHE OUTCOME OF THE WAX. There was ono spot iv South Africa where the British flug was buried in 1881, and orer it were the words— "To the uemory of the British flag in tho Trans- I vaal, which departed this life, August 2nd, 1881, aged 4 years. In other climes j nono knew thee but to Wo theo Resurgem." He believed the 11 ig would rise again. (Applause.) Ab a result of the w?r Eij?Lind, it was believed, would annex the Transvaal mid the Free State, ; and it would be iv the interests of the ; native races as well as the country iv geneial when tmeh an event took pUce. Then would the dream of Cecil Rhodes be retlised. ■: : VIEWS. ■ The view* with which the lecture was interspersed included, the following •— Sir Alfred Miluer; Cecil Rhodes ; Cape town and Docks ; GrahaiMst,own, the | Athena of South Africa; Kimberley ; I Early Morning Market ?v Kimberley ; Diamond Minen aud Diauiond Sortiusr • Ton it. Bail,; Durban ; Natal and Coai Mine*; Pieterniarfubun}, the capital of Nutal; House of Parliament, Pietermariiz buiy; Ostrich Farming ; Boet Churches ; i Slarkets before And after tho Rinderpest; Holiday Scene; Boer School; Kaffirs and Zulus; Dr. Jameson aud troopers; Jame son ? LadtStpnd; Jameson'* Surrender; Majub*; J.ihannwbiirg, and Market Square; Post Offlce, Johannesburg • Diamond Jubilee PruceMion, Johannes burg: Pretoria; President Kruger: Transvaal Houses of Parliament {Chamber of the first Volksraad; Kruger'a residense, ?nd the church in which he pre*ches Synagogues; State Artillery; Monument where Bosrs vowed they would shed their last drop of blood in defence of their country ; Lord Salisbury ; Mr. Chamber- Win ; Her Majesty. % 