IJturtdeomal (Khapttrs. Melbourne East.— A meeting of the Euridecanal Chapter of Mel bourne East was held in St. John's schoolroom, Camberwell, on August 17th ; the Rural Dean, Eev. A. W. Cresswell, in the chair. The following members were present : — Revs. Canon Ford, T. H. Eust, W. G. Hindley, C. Knox, A. Pickering, J. Hart, E. Snodgrass, H. Norwood, W. Cooling, T. Davis, H. E. Taylor, C. Campbell, P. Bailhache, E. Chase, and the Chapter Clerk (Rev. W. Green). The Rural Dean welcomed those members present, and after express incr a. Vinnp t.Vin.f t.Vip R.t.fpnrln.np.p nnt.TOifliatnniiina msi.nv nt.liov moot.inoro would be kept up, went on to speak of matters likely to come before the next Church Assembly. With reference to the proposed division of the diocese, it was resolved, on the motion of Eev. H. E. Taylor, seconded by Rev. Canon Ford — ' That this Chapter, having heard of the generous proposal of the Committee appointed to report on the practicability of a new diocese, reaffirm its opinion as to its need, and express the hope that the Assembly will be able without loss of -time to carry its recommendation into effect.' With regard to the proposal 4;hat on a vacancy occurring in the incumbency of St. James', Melbourne, the Archdeacon of Melbourne be appointed, who shall also be the Dean of St. Paul's Cathedral, it was agreed, on the motion of Eev. T. H. Eust, seconded by Canon Ford — ' That this Chapter approves of the resolution to be submitted by the Council of the Diocese relating to the future incumbency of St. James'.' The Eev. J. S. Hart brought forward the question of amending the determinations of the General Synod, and it was resolved that in the opinion of this Chapter the Church Assembly be invited to consider the subject, and that Mr. Hart arrange to bring it before the Assembly at the approach ing session. Evensong was held at St. John's Church, and an able address given by the Eev. Canon Ford on ' Loyalty to the Ordinary.' At the evening sitting the Rev. Evelyn Snodgrass introduced the subject of the W. C. League. After some interesting discussion, it was resolved to await the arrival of literature from England before taking any further forward step. The Rev. H. T. Norwood then read a paper on the ' Nicene Creed.' He first touched on the origin and growth of creeds from the symbolism in use in the sub-apostolic Church to the great creed affirmed for the last time by the undivided Church at the Council of Chalcedon. Then the reader sketched the meeting of the Council of Nicea, and the Arian heresy it was summoned to combat, and then pointed out the practical conclusions to be adduced from its positive statements about the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Discussion followed on the various points. The evening was brought to a close by the customary vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Cresswell for their kindness and hospitality. Rsneton. — The ordinary meeting of the Euridecanal Chapter of Kyneton was held at Kyneton on Thursday, August 24th. There were present — the Eevs. Dr. Stacey Chapman (E.D.), R. A. Blackham, C. J. Chambers, H. J.' Finter, E. H. Hennell, C. H. Zercho, and A. P. Chase. The Holy Communion was celebrated at ten a.m. in St. Paul's Church, the Eev.'H. J. Finter being celebrant. The Chapter ' afterwards met in the parsonage, where the Rural Dean, delivered a meditation, the subject being 'Jesus Christ the Truth.' The Revs; H. J. Finter and.E. H. Hennell, on behalf of the Chapter, expressed their pleasure, in welcoming Dr. Stacey Chapman as new Rural Dean. It was unanimously resolved that a letter be written to Canon Ford, the late Rural Dean, expressing the Chapter's warm appreciation of his services, and regret at his departure, at the same time. congratulating him on his new appointment, and thanking him and Mrs. Ford for the kind hospitality always extended . by- them to. the Chapter. The Eev, E. H, Hennell read a paper upon ' Some Aspects of Ministerial Life and Work,' referring in order to its most essential parts. A discussion followed, chiefly on the subject of parochial visitation. The Rural Dean drew special attention to the sacerdotal position The Eev; C. J. Chambers read a paper on ' Scriptural Instruction in State Schools — the present outlook.' He said that the present system was not in accord with the general feelings of the people, and the cry against it, was gaining strength. He believed that Federation would help forward the movement. We should try and get denominational Church of England schools, as well as Scriptural instruction in State schools. With a view to obtaining without delay, such concessions as the Minister of Education appeared willing to. grant, it was unanimously resolved — ' That this Euridecanal Chapter respectfully request the Bishop to take such steps as may seem to be expedient to secure as early as possible the free admission of accredited religious teachers into the State schools within school hours, as is allowed in New South Wales.' ; ' Afternoon Sederunt. — The Eural Dean spoke on the subject of the Division of the Diocese, with specialreference to the question of 'vested interests.' After an animated discussion, on the motion of the Eural Dean, seconded by Eev. H. J. Finter, it was resolved — ' ' That the Eural ' Deanery of Kyneton recognises the extreme desirableness of the proposed new Bishopric of Bendigo, has confidence that no scheme for it will be recommended to the Church Assembly which would be likely to prejudice the interest of the clergy affected, and awaits with lively anxiety and solicitude the report of the Council and the Special Committee.' The subject of the 'White Cross League' was introduced by the Eev. A. P. Chase. It was resolved—'' That this Rural Deanery sympathises in the objects of the White Cross League, and will do what it can to promote them.' A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Eural Dean and Mrs. Stacey Chapman for their hospitality. .-. 