AQUATICS. The aquatic fraternity had a real good after- noon's sailing on Saturday, when a stiff north- easter made things on the water pretty lively. The principal event was that for the Gascoigne Cup, which was in reality a re-saiL The race was sailed a fortnight ago, when the Thelma came in first, but the contest was declared 'no race,' because the rounding mark at Long Reef was not in its position when the smaller craft were in the vicinity of that portion of the course. The race on Saturday proved a win for Mr. Cox's Herreshoff, with Actaea second, followed home by Iduna, Fairlie, and Archina in the order named. The Thelma did not start, a circumstance which robbed the race of considerable interest. The 'small raters' sailed a handicap race for special prizes presented by Commodore Hordern under the Sydney Amateur Club rules. The race was open to all boats belonging to any recognised club rating 20ft and under. The race was a very in- teresting one and resulted in a victory for Laurel with Mercia second, two Auckland craft. Waimea was third. The winner was well handled by Mr. Hunt, and the Mercia was in the hands of Fred Doran. The Johnstone Bay Sailing Club sailed three races on Saturday — one for the 18-footers. 10-footers, and 8-footers, for prizes aggregating £17. The principal event, that for the 18-footers, was won by Australian, which has thus added another win to her numerous victories. Thalia was second. In the 10ft class, Alpha, under suitable rig for the rather stiff north-easter, gained first place from Venita and Tam-o'Shan- ter; while in the 8-footers' contest, which was the 'blue ribbon' event of the "midgets", Zephyr scored an easy victory. The champion 8-footer which is 8ft broad as well, was again faultlessly handled by Miss Irene Pritchard, who may well be congratulated on her prowess. The second skiff race this season under the auspices of the Sydney Canoe Club was successfully carried out | on Saturday. The race was an open sweepstake for skiffs not exceeding 18ft in length and 6ft beam. Venice was first, Moanee second, and Why Not third. The race was a very good one, and a close finish resulted. The opening race of the newly-formed Sydney Sailing Club was held on Saturday under favorable conditions. The race was of the 'hurry- scurry' order, and was open to boats belonging to Rush cutter's Bay, for which cash prizes had been given by Mr. S. Hordern and others. The course was from Rushcuitter's Bay, round the Watson's Bay pile light. Shark Island, flagboat in Rushcutter's Bay, back- round Shark Island, finishing across the starting line. The boats that took part were: Plover, 22flt, ecr; Messalia. 24ft, 2min; Sea Foam, 22ft, and. Ghost, 24ft, 3inih; Splendora, 22ft, 5 min; Fosfcon, 22Ct, 8min; Cynthia, 20ft lOin, Helena, 20ft, lOmin; Lorna, 21ft, llmin; Phryne, 20ft, Inez, 18ft, and Wyuna, 18ft, 14mn; Ida May, 21f!t, Ena 14ft, and Muriel 20ft, 16min; Juno, 18ft, 19min. The sails were limited to jib and mainsail, but the crews were unlimited.'' Fol lowing was the result: Helena (R. Sharp), £3 and trophy, 1; Ida May (O. M'Kay), 2;. Juko (H. Lis ter), 3; Ena (B. Lloyd), 4. Finishing the times taken were: Helena, 5h 37min 55sec; Ida May, Sh 39min ' 50seC; Juno, 5h 40min 3sec; Ena, Sh 40min lOaec; Phryne, 6h 40min 55sec; Wyuna, 5h 41min. 30eec; Cyathia, Eh 41min 59sec; Lorna, 6h 45min Msec; Sea Foam, 5th 46min 25sec; Plover, 6h 46min 28sec- Thus Helena had; lmin 50sec to spare from Ida' May. which had ISsec-to iHhe good from Juno. The latter beat Ena by 7sec. This result may, however, be altered, owing to the- course not having been properly .sailed by the first and. fourth boots. . The officials were Messrs Hellings and Thomas. The steamier Lady Mary followed the race, and iad on board a large number of friends of the new club, including many ladies. The opening .race was very successful, and augurs well ft-r tlhe.^future of the 'club, the acting secretaries of which are Messrs. B. Lloyd and W. A. Netting. The St. George's Club sailed another handicap race on Saturday orer the Botaay 12-mile course, which tpmiilted in a via fot Estelle, with Yvonne second. 