HERE AND THERE (Bj Nincompoop.) General Joobert must be somewhat of a humorist, though be is, as a rule,- oredlted with being a determined, -morose sort of a man, none too food of bloodshed* Daring tbe engagement at Lad;emitb on Tuesday the attaoking Boers suffered greatly from tbe Lyddite bombs ifrbich burst -in tbeir midst, oreatiBg panio and stampede, and doing ter rible exeoutloD in tbeir ranks. Jonbcrt has protested against thip kiod of warfare as lf inhuman.' ffnv nnnlil ha fh.rnnfcprian tbe aotion of the troops uader bis oommand ' who have no respect for the white fltg, and who deliberately directed their artillery upon a convent which tbey knew was being mod as a hospital, and was at the time filled with j sick and wonnded and their attendants ? After tbeir aotion at Glenooe the Boers need expect little mercy, though Tommy Atkins will always fight fairly, and would soorn to take a dirty advantage. According to cablegrams the news ol the British reverse (who no odb has songht to - closk after tbe approved methods of some belligerents) was received by tbe Frenoh press witb shrieks of delight, and also that the Irish Amerioan organs which follow in the Bomennat preoarious footsteps of Ur. Michael Davitt and Ur. J. R. Bedmond, are jubilant at what is inagnified into a crushing defeat. Tbe French are nothing if not hysterical, and tbeir hatred of England, intensified as it has been in oonseqnence of British commentaries on the Dreyfus trial, its surroundings and its bearings upon the politioal and military history of the nation, is now greater than ever, as witness their constant attempt to get up an agitation' egainBt her. Bussla and Germany, however, wilt have none of h, and as for America, well she has issued her ultimatum, and it does not ?equire a oollege training to read and under stand its purport. Ab to tbe Feniau, hurrah, sensible Irishmen (whilst deploring such idiotcy), oan afford to laugh at it. We bave malcontents in Sydney, but they don't count for much. One of the best institutions in New South Wales is the ship Sobraon, where are sent the waifs and strays of the streets, lads who have either been led into crime or who have taken to it as the natural outcome of their evil surroundings. Reared in an atmos- phere of vice, early in life they become poisoned by its fetid fumes, and soon find themselves in tbhe ship of the law. Instead of sending these boys to a reformatory or to prison they are sent for a term of years to the Sobraon, a large training ship moored off Cockatoo Island, and here they are trained and educated for better things, with a view to making them decent and useful members of society. The discipline is strict, but there is nothing of the prison about the ship, and the Iaw of kindness rules. Of course some old Vernon or Sobaon boys have on their being sent out into the world lapsed into old ways, but by far the majority of them turn out well. The new Minister for Public Instruction, Mr. Perry, is talking of intro- ducing an innovation whioh provides that after a term the lads will be allowed to be handed over to their fathers' care instead of going out to work. The thing would be a mistake, and in the majority of cases would result in the undoing the good which had been done and a return to bad habits. A young man, who had spent over three years on the Vernon and who is now in the Government Service, when interviewed by a ' Sunday Times ' reporter on the matter of allowing parents to have their children back, said :— ' It is a very bad one for the boys. If the parents get them back by the aid, per- haps, of members of Parliament, the boys wilt only drift into their old habits and associations. I know boys there now whose mothers are dead, and whose fathers want them back. Their sisters are on the streets, and their brothers just as bad characters, and what can be expected from such association ? ' Tbe enquiry now being held io Queensland as to the Gatton outrages has disolosed a terrible etate of things, and baB branded the Queensland police force as demoralised, disorganiEed and oorrupt. That tbe force consisted of skilled bunglers was patent to most folk long ego, but few ot us were pre pared for tbe revelations that have been made. If the evidence already given be true then the whole matter was burked from the outset, and justioe outraged, and it be hoves the authorities for tbe credit of tbe foroe to make searching enquiry. If what two witnesses said be true, one of tbe per petrators of one cf tbe foulest outrages of modern times was well known and allowed to get free. According to the London correspondent of the ' Dalty Telegraph ' the colony is to be vieitedby a red hot |ultra-teetotaller, one of those men whose zeal surpasses their know ledge, and wbo, perhaps, do some good, but aUo no small amonnt of barm. Tbe Bev. John Bobertson, of Glasgow, wbo is on a ' globe- trotting '-cum-temperance tour, and will shortly reach your shoreB ap pears to be a parson of pleasingly pointed views. He not only objects to moderate drinkers' ' Wee Drabble,' but to the moderate ' smokers' even ing pipe, and in condemning both he doesn't mince language. In a recent letter from America, the rev. gentleman wrote; — 'Let every smoking christoin shut bis eyes while be reads the following. Another Scotsman from Avooa walks with us, and tells us that God has saved him from tbe drink, and praise Him also for tbe purification of his body and rioting his mouth from tbe filthy habit of tobaccoemoking. Alas! tbat dear C.H.Spur geon is so often quoted as smoking to the glorv of God. It can be done, we dare Bay on the principle of gulping down castor oil for tbe glory of God in certain debilitated states of body, but not otherwise. Granting nicotine to be physic, where there is no need for it, and with healthy men there is no need of the indulgence in weed. It is not free from what is st the root of all indulgence— sin a gainst God and making foul of the temple of the Holy Ghost. The next time you fill your pipe put tbat fact in it. My Lady Nicotine,.' concludes Mr. Robinson, Ib ' a fipritual har lot.' Men like Mr. Bobinion are the despair of wiser temperance reformers. He was a simple-minded old American farmer, and when he called upon the dootor and was ushered into the library he stared with wonder at the books with which the shelves of the book-cases were lined. ' Are you fond of reading?' asked the doctor, as he noticed the wandering gaze of his visitor. ' Well— yes,' returned the old farmer. 'I,m glad to bear it,' said the other, 'and I should ploMod *? tnid-fOD a look to -take home with you, if you wish. Just take an; of tbem tbat you think you'd like to read, sir.' ' Ob, I hain't no hand at selectio* 1' returned the old man sheepishly. ' You pick one out doctor.' So ibe doctor, in a spirit of miecbisf, gave tbe farmer a book mitten by Plato. Tbe old man, taking tbe volume, went bis way, and at tbe end of a -week be again appeared before the doctor witb tbe book' under bis arm. '-Well,' queried the doator, smilingly, ' did yon read tbe book?' 'Yes— that I just did,' re turned tbe old man. 'And what did you think of it?'' ''Twas fust- rate,' said the farmer, ' and Fve read it through from kiver to kiver. I never heard tell of this fellow Plato before; but all tbe stme I am glad to find that the old chap has been writing up some of my very best ideas.' 