Sunny Corner, Tho Sunny Corner Jockey Ohib held its annual race-meeting on Thursday Ust, 26th inatsnv. when somo really wcll-contoBted rneoa wero witnessed. Mr. Hatuiicapper Eathor, evidently knowing how to adjust tho woights of tho several contestants so as to give all a show but none a wnlk-ovor, thero by giving what most people like to seo — a good finish, and such waa the caso without oxcoption on Anniversary Day. Tho publio did not patronise the races as well as usual, owing, no doubt, to tho numerous counter attractions about tho district, nevertheless thoro waa a very good muster, though not suffioiont to clear tho buyor of tho gates. The books woro Btrongly repreBentod, and in that respect wore on a par with their odds, which wero ahort, Bet-thick ones — a suro sign of strength — 6 to i about anything supposed to havo a ghost of a show, though in a couple of cases the winner turned out to bo any odda against one. The different games of chance men were in evidence, and seemed to bo recoiving his quota of pub lic patronage. The races resulted as under: — Opening Handicap — Satan 1, Phos pur 2. H»ok Race— Fair Jano 1, Anything 2. Sunny Corner Handioap. — Lieutenant 1, Mary Took 2. Sslling Race.— Rosy Morn 1, Mid night 2. Flying Handicap.— Satan 1, Lieuto nant 2. Forced Handicap, — Mary Took. At night a dance promoted by Mr. S. V. Oarr in the Tatteraall Hall waa well attsndod and kept going until tho small hours. Two sad drowning eases were reported from down Portland way Ia9t week. Two parties of throo boys each wont awimmiug in different water holes, and in both oases one of the three wero drowned. It is isatd in one case that aa soon aa tho two boyB saw their com panion in difficulties thoy cleared off and novor offered assistance. Road-super. Rankin is having tho local roads attended to, which ia a mercy to tho travelling public, for tho heavy winds of the past fow months have carried off every particle of blind ing matter, leaving the rough stones sticking up all 'over the surface, which are just a trifle hard on horses and vehicles, and some peoplo say false teeth, — The diamond drill so far has been uii-' sucoet6iul In striking anything of valuo, and it in now bning got ready for mov ing to No. 3 position, where it is to bo hoped success will attend its operations. 