MISSING EBIENDS. WHAT has become of the Geraldton Chamber of Commerce ? It. seems to have evaporated just as mysteriously as the £900 from the Perth post office, or the secret naval budget from the Portsmouth depot. As the Geraldton Chamber 01 Commerce lias, 111 the past, done a lot of good work, its disappearance is a matter for regret. Whether it has gone for all time, or not, is not ascertainable. But it is known that no meetings are ever held nowadays. True, the Secretary notifies members when the time for meeting comes round but these notices might just as well be tailor's bills for all the attention that is paid to them. No and ^taas ia^lbed upon- the blank r t®. minute book It is considerably over a year since anything like an effective gathering of the i'hamber took place. The last" time the Chamber gkve any 1 evideh'Ce of animation was when the^ Anti-Leonora Railway agitacion was a^og. tri those days' it used to explode periodically with,' a loud ban^ that was eminently gratifying to the district, and, it vvas hoped, awe-inspiring to the .Government. But when the excitement was over the Chamber must have wandered up on the sandhills to cool its fevered brow, and so lost itself, for it has never been heard of since. The surmise has been hazarded that that body is still m the town, but that it has to sit up ^o' nights and dangle the wakeful offspring, and is consequently too tired in the . day time to attend to public business. If such be the case it is a- pity that some new members were not secured who, if not very enterprizing - m: the- matrimonial line,' might at'least display a little more " ^o" in public affairs. The statement- is often" hlade ; 'that members fail ' to attend meetings; because ho' important business ever comes up for discussion. .But this' bbgeywii'l not bear investigation. A meeting was called last week to consider the following subjects :—1. The amendment of the. Bank Holiday Act. 2. The non-appointment of a successor to 1 Captain Winzar. 3\. The plans for. entertaining Lands Minister Throssell during his visit (not then postponed) to the district. These three matters were all deserving of the serious attention of any body of men that purports to look after the interests of the town. Yet only one solitary member of the Chamber put in an appearance, and he, after leaning disconsolately against a verandah post for half an hour, took his departure in disgust, vowing that draught horses would not dra<? him to another meeting. But the truth is that the Geraldton Chamber of Commerce appears to take an erroneous view of its functions. To wait until business fails into its way is surely not a commercial practice. The successful man creates his own business, and an institution which is supposed to be intimately associated with trade should undoubtedly be managed on the same lines. In this respect the Albany Chamber of Commerce is a model for all similar bodies throughout the colony. When the Albanv Chamber had fought its hardest to prevent the transference of the mail steamers to Fremantle, and had been defeated, it did not give up the ghost, or lose itself, or become tired. it set to work to counteract the effect of the loss of the mail steamers by opening up the country around Albanv. The result 01 "ids activity is the coal and coppe" prospecting boom which has set 111 at the southern port, and which promises to bring it lasting benefit. But the truth that business must be created is self-evident. Awaiting it, however patiently, will not bring it. 0 0 0 A body that lies low most of its time, and then suddenly becomes r,, v • • • —TTT?—:•!,!;'!' , galvanized int<p activity* jwhen it finds a screw in the Government ctafre ..a, trifle loose, does , 13ot present an indisputable warrant for its existence, ana cannot . justly claim any.official recognition. As before stated,-- the Geraldton Chamber of Commerce lias in the past done admirable service, and has parried considerable weight. It is .a pity therefore to find its prestige waning through its inanition. It is in slack times that the capacity of a business man is tested to the utmost, % and the Chamber could not obtain a better opportunity than the present for justifying its existence and winning the applause and confidence of the community. Is there not a patriot in its ranks who will initiate a regime of activity ? 