A Hear Between. , (o"j\ o>> CHAPTER XXI 1. LESLIE and Sylvester startod t apart when they saw Clem. His entry was so: yidlSnt and \- ' reokless that his , foot caught in the curtain and half tore it from its fastening. While he paused porforce to disentangle himsolf, Lesliahumcd to the door and vanished He did not seem tq have soon her, or to know she had been there. His face was flushed, his eyes were sparkling, eager excitement ,md joy trapsfigurcd him as he caught his frioud by the shoul ders. ' Where on earth have you Leon you jolly old humbug ?. I've Leon running ub.out all oyer the placo nfter you. .1, must tell you —1 shall hurst if i don't.' He broke into a lo.ud excited laugh. < It's all right, old boy — it's all fight.' ' .4+. - - ' What'aall right :,H.9 stared at tho boy's flushed fucc,.- fox he moment entirely puzzled. -' What's tho matter- now V' li.o ask'qd,. - : ' ' Tho ipal ter ?. What' .shpuld bo the matter? Man alive, whore ¥. is your memory ? What was . I going Jo. do, to-.tiight oy d,io i,£ I didn't— -wasn't that it?' Ha, ha — : die. if 1 didn't. . Well, I've done it. All light— do, you hear that ?' ' What ?' Sylvester sho.uted. v ' What?-'1 Clemeoiioed:.. 'Why — flint ' . TTa Vmrat vritn. n l.tiink » V WltUU U> IUUQH i again. 'Wh.at do. you hla,ve ou,t like that for, and look as if you'd < seen a ghost ?' 'Just new | want to know, what you're driving at,": Sylvester enid, frocing himself from, the other's grip. He felt faint from apprehension as J.\o lpphed at the triumphant passionato young face, all alight with wild excitement a.n.d cxultntion. With, what new treachery had that little perfidious jado beet? cajjoligg and: befooling the boy ? lie wondered recalling » tho childish figure, g.f Stella j Mount joy as he had seen it. less Uour befoi'o, - claspoil in Hector- Woolf's arms, as hp kissod her. 'You say it's all right. What'aall right? You don't moan that Mrs., Mon,n.tioy—r' . ' Of course I-.do,!' Clem, burst ou.t, interrupting. ' What olso was I likely to mean ? . About iv: what else should 1 lialf. rave, the ;i roof off— :eh V lie Viughcd again >'. and begnn to paco oxoitedly up : and down, — ho could- not keep still. '-I made her listen, Keith ; she tripj. to put mo off; but I ;i. wouldn't havo it thistflno— I told li-: you I wouldn't/ Rless her— she gayp it to. m,o !' ijis voice broke siijj; and ho drew hyi .hand a.oross his f . c. Qs. ' What a; fool I whs ever to doubt her uha.t-.a sepmp. And you— hang you — you made me woyso. -T- you. know you did ! Why, alio, hates:' WVolf —/hates \- him! I asked her— -she said she did.; And hero was I, like an ass — r- ' He stopped. ' I'm afraid I frrghtcurd . her a hit, though — I'm surq I did, . She; was as white. f).s; a sheet, poor tittle darliug— 'she looked scared enough to run nwny.. J waa it brute to do. it — an awful brute r-but I tell yog, I . Ayas. worked up. so that I haidily; knew what I did, or said eithor.' But I know what sh.c said— .I'm not quite so cracked as. to havo misunderstood , that ! Ilc camo to; a halt. 'I say, old boy,, you. needn't stand 1 .' and glare at me- as if you , were » struck si.liy !. I'm going to. he | wacried, not banged !.' ' '' | ' Mrs. Mount joy has ; promised | t» marry you,, then ?' Sylvester said. He was. trying to, rccovci; | himself, trying to understand. IWas the boy uiad) or dreaming, or was ho ?- Clem laughed again, and. 6at down, upon, tho edge of tho marble, bnsin.. \- ' Look here, old sobersides, I' |; wish, you'd call her Stella, you || know ! Hang th.e other- - uAme !; s| It won't bo hers mucli longer, ir ' that's one comfort !; She- - won't d mipdj if you call her Stella,, besides j th.-re's another rcasou why yoii. ' should, you know, it's, my belief : 1 you're more than half sweet ou i h'llf sweet on Lpslio.. I have Jf,;- oyes, j kno,w you are,, and I wiii i;| ; you luck,, old, boyv She is a jolly .j; nice girl, and looks stunning to 1% though how nny one. qou f| ... look at hor in preference to Stella don't know Beg pardon, though I Tastes differ, of course. Luoky for most of qs thftt , they do.' 'Yory.' Sylvester" said drily; Ho was recovering himself, be ginning to understand, and to reuliso that with ytateg Olem the time ta come would be even worse tliah ho had- anticipated. ; He stubbornly returned to bis former question, whioh ho varied some what, determined tar ha re a- plain answer. ' She has accepted you, tllen,' he said—' plainly— -flofin- itoly ?' ' ' Plainly — definitely ? Of course. You don't suppose I would bo put off with half an answer, do you? Clem demanded indignantly. Ho got up from the edge of the basin; walked across tho fernery, came baok again, his momentary irritation subsiding. 'It's as plain'as plain "yes" can bo I' ho said. ' I .don't know what more you want, or suppose I want. But, look here, old boy, there's to be nothing said about it for a day or two— sli"c:'made..,ttta promise that. I've told you, of course, but then I know you'll keep the matter dark, so that doesn't count. There's the mother,, you, see, ami — i- and — and so on,' said Clem, finding no satisfactory end for his sentence. ' I fancy, to. toll you the truth, that Stella has an idea slio won't like it. Women are queer to one another — that's a fact— even an out-and-out good !one like the mater. ADjflWK I promised her that Pil koep. it. quiet. She wants time to sack Woolly 1 expect, and didn't ox- aotly like to nay so. 8Uo told me lie h ad proposed to her — I thought as. ipu,cb. Liko his cheek, re-, imembcring that ho. i3 next door to. a beggar ! So you'll be sure not to say anything — oh, old .follow? It's. only fopq. flay ,or two.'- ' Only for a day or two ?' Syl vester repeated. ' And what thtn?/ Is .your engagement to be. announced after that ?' ' Of oourso it is I What else do, you supppso !' Clem camo to a bait, und flushed suddenly, his oxpression changing. 'Look here, Keith, R soems to m,P that you're taking "this in n queer style! I don't know what you mean, but, judging by your man-, nor, hung mo if- i c doesn't look as if you thought I wasn't telling you tho truth !' His face flushed more deeply, his voice rose wrathfully.. Syl vester quietly put his hand upon the lad's shoulder. ' My boy, I know you believe every word you" say. But re- momber that I haven't heard what has passed betweon you and Mrs. Mountjoy. Aro you sure you qnito. understood what sho said to you P- f Sure?' Clem stared. 'Of course I'm sure 1 I was not likely to be mistaken over that 1 Look here, wbnt the misohief do you mean? Out with it 1 : ' I mean that . I believe you havo misunderstood — that' you are under a mipapprohensiott al together !.' Sylvester answered plainly. 'What?' Clem shouted. He :made a violent movement forward then suddenly stopped. He was white now,1 his eyes had an ugly glitter. -' Say it out,' he said : between his teeth-r-?' for, by Jove, I'll have it! -Soy she has been making a fopl of me all; along, and has made the worst fool of all of mo tonight ! Go on — go on ! That's what you moan right enough!' : 'That is what I mpan, and exactly what I helievo. You don't like fa hear it, and I don't liko to say if, but IM1 stake what you pli'aso tnat sno is making a fool of you, and no more means .to mprry you than sho menus to marry mo.!' Clem started forward; Syl vester oaught his raised hand adroitly, forced "him back, and thrust him away.. It was little more than a momentary struggle, audi each, stood looking- at the. other, the elder pale, the younger scarlet. Sylvester- spoke- ag'nin, as quietly as before. ' If I'm wrong, he said '111 apologise to. you, -r- if I'm right, remember that I warnea you. If you u;ill liston to. my reason for what. I havo said, I . ' I won't hear it I Clem, inter rupted passionately, ' I won't Rear her my future wife, slander ed by hor or any other man ! And, by Jove, if you were any other man, I'd knock you down for saying as much as you havo already !.' He laughed. ' I know AVhat'sanliP bottom of ik;" j'ou dan't give up your own ideii — you won't givo up your notion about Woolf, hang him 1' ' Ho darted fowards tlio door. . 'I'd ..better go.! If I stay here much longer wo shail quarrel !' He dragged aside the curtain, passed through, and" the' door slammed loudly behind him. In spite of his. trouble, and perplex ity Sylvester's sense of humour caused him to laugh. " ' An intended black eye, end a threat to knock nib down 1 Won der what he calls"' a ..quarrel ? That little parry gave my wrist a confounded wrench,, bang. it 1' His thoughts reverted to Mrs. Mountjoy. ' I should liko to .'throttle that little cat !' he mut tered viciously. 'Wonder- what tho idea it? Ho scared her, I .suppose ? That seems it; Well 'I'll1 make the 'young firebrand understand to-moHow how things aro between her and Woolf, even if I have to tie him down to do it 1 But sho may do it herself — hope sho will. Poor -beggar, it's rough. on him, and it will bo pretty rough on tho rest of us, it strikes me 1 Mischief take the angelic Stella, say I ! 'How that fellow Roche clared at her.:! Has she been practising on him too ? I shouldn't wonder 1 All are fish that comes to madam's net(> I fancy. I wish Woolf joy with her. They will be a .pair of worthies!' He' stopped, with n changeof expression. '-Andshe's my Leslie's sister 1 It's queer, by Jove, to think of that !'. To, remember Leslie meant straightway to forget everything else in the desire to see her and be with hor again. He'loft the fernery at once and went back to the hall. It was lute, far later than lie knew, and the guests, in simple country fashion, . were rapidly dispersing. Sylvester, glanoing round, found that Clem was hot risible ; but he discovered Leslie demurely conscious of hispresonce and, entirely declining to look at hiini, talking to tho Squire on a couch. And a second glanoo satisfied him that not only had meek Mrs. Kendall — who had been characteristically prim and ailed in a corner all thb evening i— gone from her post, and Gabriel : Roche vanished, but that , there Was no vestigo of the blue brocade and diahibS3PSflMrs.: Mountjoy. Had she gouo ? It happened that Kelly Aekroyd stood by, and ho put an end to his doubt by asking tho necessary question. 1 Mrs. Mountjoy has gone, I qonqlafle?' he said interrogatively ' Yes,? Kelly answered. There i was only too much truth in the comments freely made during the evening on ' how shockinly she has gone off in her looks.' Hor expression was strained, her face haggn'rflhnd worn.: 'Sho went all of a sudden,' she said abruptly. 'I don't know why. Sho is usually one to stay to tho last of every thing."';; Clem was.; in a rage when he found sho hud- gono without suying ' Good-night to him. He hus gone tramping off in suoh a temper !'. Her voice was weary, hor sharp jaugji jyng pqt pleasant and she glanced at Sylvester curi ously. ' Had sher promised you a dunce, then ?' , ; ; '.Mrs. Mountjoy? Hot at all. But I sco that Miss Brooke is still here.' Leslio ? Oh, yes — she is going to stay 1 In fact she told mother that she, meant to do so to-night.' Sho looks ' very nice in that yellow dress, don't you thjnk jao ?. havo ..heard half . o dpzen'people say this evening that she is. much handsomer than hor sister. Not thotT myself was ever inclined to royo oyer Stella. She won't wear well. ' I'm glad all this is over.! '' (' 