. AMUSEMENTS. Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove • announce that "a "season *>f exhilarating, irresistible, uproarious merriment"- will begin at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening next, when the favourite American comedian, Mr. Harrv Conor, associated with Whom are Messrs. Hovt & MeKee's company of comedians from* the Madisonsquare Theatre, New York, will appear in the musical comedy entitled "A iitranger m .New- York." The mirth, provoked by Mr. Conor and his accomplices when tiiey appeared in Adelaide three years ago in that. hilarious comedy "A Trip to Chinatown- -will be readily called to mind. "A Stranger" is built upon the same lines, his principal and redeeming mission being to provide a means wSiereby patrons may laugli to their hearts' content. As the new F e^r -specially -nritten- for Sir. Conor by Air. Charles H. Hort itmay be taken for granted that it furnishes * him with ample opportunity for making fun. 'Use author modestly claims for the play that it is simply an attempt to supply material to r , aD evening's entertainment, and as such, judging i'rom its success elsewhere, it has achieved its purpose. After its first production in Melbourne it ivas remarked- — Australian tastes seem to be fast Americarnzmg, and hence it -was not surprising that the reception of the piece on Saturdav night was as cordial as ever the managers could have desired. The house was overcrowded, the laughter spontaneous and merriment sustained, and finally the curtarn went down on a thoroughly satisfied audience."' The season in this ci'ty is limited to two weeks, and, as other comedies {j P^Pted, '"A Stranger in New lork -will only be produced for six nights Ihe box-plan was opened at Marshalls' for the first three nights yesterday morninsr " "i^u " i 1^ " " was b a good gooa demand for tor seat! seats, there is no doubt Imt tiiat Mr. iJW all tie new comers will receive a cordial welcome on Saturday evenin; .M^ Hudfcm changed the programme at the Bi;ou rheatre on Wednesd^, but as a whole the performance did not go quite ,T° U mernly as the opening one last week I he audience vas ^rge, and at times enthusiastic,. but some of the numbers were not appreciated JSo doubt Mr. Hudson noted the turns which found favour, and will ex- Jtl (corresponding abbreviation ot others. Such items as "Gay Parisienne bj- the eompany, "Home, dearie, home, by Miss Onslow ilackay,-- Plymouth Sound byMr H.Townley, the trick bicvcle performance by the WUliams quartet,'the pianoforte efforts of Miss Lalla GoUmick and the concluding sketch "The Ghost in a lawnshop are well worthy of inclusion m the programme of any varietv hal): but some of tJie other items are scarcely up J? l he h 45 h l^dard of Hudson's Surorise i'artj;. 1 he best part of the Roeklev Bro- Chers turn was their dancing, which was exceptionally good, but as "bones" tliev infused no life jnto tlieir performance. The Lingard sisters by their serio-vocal effusion and dance on previous occasions found favour with those at the back, but last evenis doubtful whether they did even this. JJieir songs want toning down "A £sson m Dancinc" by Mr. J. Watts' and u > VlU J?ms helped to fill the bill but did not catch the fancy of the house. Mr J arvey introduced more impersonaions of theatrical celebrities, but whv does he attempt to imitate such actors as "Julius Knight and Wilson Barrett? His imperonation of Wilson Barrett in "Ben my A hree was very tame. An entire change t programme is announced for Saturdav J vening. T J t a S A 