? THE POPE AND "AMERICANISM." LETTER TO CARDINAL GIBBONS. To Our dear Sou, James Cardinal Gibbons, by the -TitJe of St. Jfaria Traste.vere Cardinal Priest of tihe Holy Roman Church, Archbishop of Baltimore. LEO XIII., POPE. Beloved Son, Health and Apostolic Benediction. This letter which we send you is a token of that affectionate goodwill which throughout Out long Pontificate We have never ceased to evince toward you, your brother Bishops, and the wliole American people, gladdy seizing every opportunity afforded by the lmppy expansion of your Church and the wise and apt regulations by which you have safeguarded and advanced the interests of Catholics. Many a time, moreover, We have regarded the wonderful character of your people, whoso spirit is ever stretching forward to what is great, and striving after everything that will assist civilisation and enhance the glory of the State. However, this letter has not as its immediate object to confirm these oft-repeated praise?, but rather to indicate certain dangers that must be guarded against, and what, must be set right. Nevertheless, as We are moved to write to you by that Apostolic charity which We have ever felt towards you. and often expressed, We rightly and confidently expect that you will consider this letter as no less a proof of our affection, especially as We trust that it will be found proper to put an end to certain contentions which have recently arisen among you, and which are causing trouble to many minds to the no small disturbance of peace. You are aware, Beloved Son; that the book on the Life of Isaac Thomas Hecker. more especially by the work of those Who Hi are undertaken its translation and editing in a foreign language, has aroused no small controversy as to the introduction of certain opinions concerning the methods of the Christian life. It is in order, therefore, 1o secure the integrity of the faith, in accordance with the duty of the supreme Apostolato, and to protect the safety of the faithful, that We now desire to write to you at some length on the whole matter. PRTNGIPLEiS TO BE REJECTED. The principle on which the new opinions of which We speak are based seems to be this—that in order the more easily to draw to Catholic teaching those 'who are separated from it the Church ought to adapt herself somewhat more to the civilization of« modern times, and. relaxing her' old severity, to show some indulgence to the tendencies and principles of the nations. And many tlliink that this is to be understood not only in reference to the regulation of life but also as tonchinc those doctrines in which Is comprised the deposit of faith. For thev maintain that, in order the better to attract those who differ from us, it is. opportune tfliat certain points of doctrine should be passed over as of sritaller moment, or that they should be minimized so that they no longer retain fcli* sense which the Church "has continually held. It does not, however, Dear Son, need many words to show that this opinion is to be condemned. It is sufficient to refer to the rule and source of doctrine which the Church has given us. T\he decision of the Vatican Council is here to the pcfrttt—" The doctrine of f#th •which God Was revealed is not, Me a philosophical conception, proposed to the mind to be perfected, but rather, as a divine deposit, is confided to the Spouse of Christ for its protection and infallible Interpretation . . . The sense of sacred doctrines, once declared bv our holy Mother the Church, must. 1k> always maintained, and must not be departed fvotv under the specio«s pretext of understanding it after a higher manner" (Const, de Fide Cath,. cap. Iv.1. The silence with which certain Catholic docilities would be designedly passed over and. as it were, clouded in oblivion must, also be,considered not altogether without fault. For all the truths which Christian discipline embraces have all one and the same autlior and master—"the Oulv-Begott.cn Son who is in the bosom of the Father" (John i;. 18). A-nd that these truths arg aecoipmo- dated and proposed to all times and peoples is most clearly gathered from the words addressed by Christ to His Apostles—" Going, therefore, teach ye all nations, teaching flhem to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and, behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world " (Matthew xxviii., 10-20). Wherefore says the same Vatican Council—" By tile divine and Catholic faith we must believe whatever is contained in the written and unwritten word of God, and proposed to us by the Church to be believed as divinely revealed cither in a solemn decision or by the ordinary general mngisterium " (Const, de Fide Catli.. c. iiU. Let no one then take away anything from doctrine divinely handed down or purposely pass by a point in silence ; for he who does this seeks rather to sever Catholics from the Church than to gain tihose to the Ohurcli who are separated from her. We desire nothing more warmly than that, all who are wandering far from rlic sheepfoild of Christ may come back, hut it must be by no other way than that, marked out Ivy Christ Himself. As to the rules of life which are given to Catholics, thev are not of such a nature that they cannot bo tempered in accordance with time and locality. For tiie Church has. indeed, a, heart full of kindness and mercy, given her by her Founder, and it is for this reason that, from the beginning s he^Jwrs^wjllingly shown herself such ay'the ApO&tle; Paul professed to be— 7U>e"ca7fi& &11;tilings to all men. that t Alight,save alt " C1 Cor. i\\\\. 22). The hfst6ry,^f the h<ges is a witness that tl)Js Apof5£f|lic See, to which lias been. onfrji&Jod;'iMS: only the teaching, butalso t.lic^upYpnie'jfoyorhiiient of the whole Oliui^i.-.slias" over unfailingly stood by "tlw.sanfie do<Hrin'\ the same sense, and the same opinion " ('Condi. Vatic. Ibid. c. iv.Vr and that it has always been accustomed to moderate the rule a.nd regime® of life in such a way that, the rights of God being secured, the customs and ways of thinking of the various nations which she embraces have never been neglected, And who doubts tilint she will continue to do so. whenever the salvation of. souls demands it ? But such cases are not to lie determined by the judgment of private persons who are liable to be deceived by an appearance of right.. The judgment must be left to the Church, and in that all must acquiesce who would avoid the reproach of our Predecessor. Pius VI.. who declared that the 78th proposition of the Council of Pisloia was " injurious to the Church and to the Spirit of God, in that, it submitted to examination the discipline established and approved by the Church, as if the Church could esla.Wisfli a discipline either useless or too heavy for Christian liberty to support.'' CONCERNING LIBERTY OF TEACHING. In (he matter of which we speak. Beloved Son. there is one thing that is still more dangerous and hurtful to Catholic doctrine and discipline, and that is the opinion put forward by the partisans of these novelties that a certain liberty should be introduced into the Church, so that, the authority and vigilance of the ruling power being in a way limited, the faithful might be allowed to act more in accordance with 1 heir own feelings and active virtue. This, they assert, is necessary after the example of that other liberty wthich, recently introduced, is at the present moment the law and foundation of civil society. Of this we have already treated in tihe letter which we addressed to all the bishops on the constitution of States, and in which we showed fflie difference there is between the Church, which exists by divine law, and all other associations which flourish by the free will of men. It is important, however, to note a certain opinion wthich is brought forward as an argument by thos^ who -would wish to foist this liberty on Catholics. There is no need, they say. after the solemn definition given iu the Vatican Council, to be troubled nliout the infallible teaching authority of the Roman Pontiff: aud therefore, this doctrine 'being safe, there fs now a wider field open to every man iu which to think aud act. A preposterous kind of argument surely, for if we are to draw any conclusion from the nnerri.niiT nvigisterium of the Church, it is tfiiis certainly that no one ouglii to wish to depart from it, and that all ought to give themselves up to be informed and regulated by it in order that they may the more easily be kept free from any sort of private error. Besides, those who argue in this way altogether depart from the wisdom of tihe Providence of God, which, by the very fact that it wished to strengthen the authority of the teaching office of the HcQy See, especially had ill view the better defence of the minds of Catholics from fflie particular perils of the present day. The license whicl) is everywhere mistaken for liberty, the passion for speaking out. whether by way of statement or contradiction, and in fine the freedom of thought and of tihe expression of that thought, have flung such thick darkness over meai's minds that the utility and necessity of that magisferium are now more than ever apparent if i»eople are to lie kept to the dictates of conscience and duty. Far be it from us, indeed, to repudiate every tiling thai the genius of these times gives 'biVth to : on the contrary, we view with genuine pleasure every step in advance in the search for truth a.nd fflie pursuit of good, as adding to the patrimony of science and as extending the bounds of public prosperity. Fnless, however, an thi« is to lack solid usefulness it must exist and flourish in accordance with the wise teaching and authority of t.ln» Churdh. INSPIRATION TO GOOD. V.V com.' now to those conclusions h l.ave '.jr-n dr.iwu from the opinions alxvv-' mentioned, whit- li. if. •<-• •. I: Jiev••. ihey are withour evil in- (enlinu. do not certainly seem to be in any way free from suspicion. At the outset every external teaching .n;f1>"rity is rejected as superfluous ••r.d even as troublesome by those who wis!, - to srivo themselves up to the all:;iiiioen' of Christian perfection. The Holy Spirit, they maintain, sheds fibrnd in the souls of the faithful. •His gifts more abundantly now than in past times, teazling and urging them by a secret instiiW without any intermediary. It is. indeed, no small temerity to wish to calculate ihe method by which God communicates Himself to men. for that dejiends on His Will alone and ITe Himself is the free Giver rf His own gifts—" The Snirit Ivreatheth where He will" C.Trf'iii iii.. 8V " But to everyone of us is given srrace according to 1ho metsure of the givinig of Christ" (Erh'-sians iv.. 7(. Moreover, who can 2TO hack to the history of the Apostles, »b l^e faitli of the primitive Church, to (Dp sufferings and death of the bravest -.iinrtyrR. and to those ancient tinier which were so fruitful in holy men.-Tind yet. dare to compare the first ners wi:h our own day and maintain that, they were vouchsafed a smaller on!pouring of fie Holy Spirit V But leaving aside such considerations as tihese. no one doubts that the Holy Ghost, works by a secret descent into the souls- of the just, which he moves by warnings and impulses : and if this wore not the case any and every external protection and authority would bp in vain. "If anyone affirms that he can conform to the preaching of salvation, that is. of the Gospel, without the illumination of the Ho'.y Ghost, who gives to all sweetness in arc-pting and believing the truth, he is deceived by t! < sririt or heresy (Cone Arausic ii.. eau. vii.). But, as we know by experience, these warnings and impulses are not usually experienced without some assistance from the work of an external mentor. " He." appositely says St. Auarustine, " cooperates with good trees in their fruitiflig. who waters them and has th-»m cared for by some third person, and by liis personal action helps their interior growth" (De Grat. Christ., c. xix.t. This comes hack to .tihe general law by which God. in His, Providence, as He has decreed that men should, for the most part, be saved through men, has similarly determined that tbo^j whom He calls to a. high en- degree „of ^anctfty should be led to it by that.'" according to St. Ci!irj-9c^t6m.-." we learn from God by meaiifi \ of-inen " (Horn. 1. in Inscr. altar.), "./"^fc htfee an HJustrious example of this,'iri\ehe.;pery beginning of the Ohuf^iA Ssfyl, though, whilst breathing ouf'tJih^ifeTiings and slaughter (Acts — !x.. — heard the voice of had asked Him—':wliatfoll thou have me to do T' was sent to Aminias at Damascus. " Arise and tro into the city, apd. there it shall be told what thou shalt do." There Is this consideration, too, tihat those Who seek perfection, since they enter upon a path not. trodden hy most men, are the more exposed to error, aud so stand more than others in need of a teacher and guide. This manner of acting has always been the rule in the Church, aud this teaching has been professed, to a man by all who, in the course of the ages, have been pre-eminent for wisdom and sanctity. Those who reject it. therefore, cannot do so without 1 temerity and danger. (To be concluded next week.) 