L itfltei contribution* to this P.r.9«ph e b. „ it muil ] at the recent Sydney sales KjBitn&l; sold for fifteen hundred mdjithet we have here is white or sheep is dear. Urns announces that when Lord md the Federation Enabling Act on JfEsecstive Council meeting, he asked fewmissiontoretain tliepen with w t& m consummated. Permission E mated, Lord Brassey, we are told, aber, the proud possessor of the flat subsequently transpired was, oas, wisely kept in the dark. We luck obligations, however, and in the D[ sweetest song we uplift the ! Lord Brassey, "is this that I ^signature bold';" it Eight Honourable George in reply : at proud that you hold Bpowers the sons of the soil isoeir nation and grand." 5 ie bowed in obeisance to toil, ashed the pen in his hand. fa to think of the Nation that lay rani)oi the distant and dim, pansncker's toil shall have vanished s are full to the brim, kin of screws, of the skittles and itttesmen inflated with wind— ad fgure head with ten thousand a i-Mv Lord Brassey he signed ! it begged the Executive throng penlie had used for the deed t!lis for all time should belong, owi to all of his seed. I liev went up to the roof with a tancil they barracked again, tirtlaoghed till the rafters they ran RJHlked off with the pen. Wamble as never was seen J Lord Brassey was gone taw wigs didn't cover the green *s rose to a man- P^onthewethlottintr-pad, f® there daring to speak, " f^per poor Williams was Mad Wttsmodert of cheek grasped at the bag ghost of a chink, if^gi-g alluvial WR, r fc *Me bottle of ink • " of\\.,, aI was have ^^oftime. Fe g nothin g l e r e L° f a th ? eveDiD ,g after tne legion 01 DIU msunoutors nave done with it. A large" number of residents in a fashionable suburb of Melbourne have agreed together never to buy a cent's worth of good« from thl man whose hills ire thrown into their gardens, Advening is gopd, but there is a place for everything, and the place for an advertisement is-well, for further information apply to the manager of PUNCH. A HIDDEN MONITOR. i THE still, small voice that speaks within Doth not at all times chide for sin, E'en tho' one be a sinner; But grumbles in its plaintive way All through the hungry, lunchless day, And ever and anon doth say One little word— 'Tis dinner. to I f F f f THE report that our own noble, braw and patriotic band of bare-legged braves, the Scottish Regiment, was about to volunteer for service against the furious and despicable Kruger was responsible for quite an heroic outbreak on the part of a large contingent of unheard-of and , undreamt-of artists- in Melbourne, all of whom were rushing about offering themse'ves to various papers as war correspondents and special artists on the gory field of battle. PUKCH was quitebesieged by unfledged black-and-white specialists who wished to distinguish themselves by drawing • cartoons of Oom Paul in his warpaint and feathers on the spot, and holding the fiery Boer up toC ridicule. The fact that the Boer is a dull person ^ with a heavy Dutch sense of humour, who would f probably shoot holes through the youthful pen ; and ink comedian whom he caught caricaturing \ him, did not daunt the enthusiasts. If Kruger has* not climbed down before this news reaches him,t we think he maybe relied upon to do so imme-f diately after. Seeking the bubble reputation at.' the cannon's mouth is nothing. Any man mayf face a cannon, but to face a caricaturist requires • the ich courage of ten men and a bull pup. The j cannon kills, the caricaturist mangles and dis-1 figures his victims. To be drawn and quartered is awful, but we would remind Kruger that it is nothing to being drawn without quarter j^ "DURING the match at Lord's the Prince of Wales and the Duke of York were spectators. The Australians left the field by request, and were presented to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, who went considerably better than on the occasion of the 1896 team, when Harry Trott was the only member of the team introduced to him."—News It m. With prideful beam The gallant team Obeyed the kind command. With grateful look All humbly shook The Royal Nibbs' hand. Awhile they stood In hopeful mood Before the regal stars. Then going back, They sighed, " Alack, We don't see those cigars !" A SYDNEY man has been robbed of two huudred sovereigns by confidence men. The golden fleece ! THE medical students kicked up a fearful racket at g. the Bijou the other evening, where they had arranged a theatre party. How is it that the average student when he breaks out in this way is a much more deplorable ass than the pride of the. Richmond push ? There is less common - sense in his conduct, less humour in his jokes, less consideration for other people's feel - ings, and at the back of all less ability to defend himself should the people whose patience he imposes on in so disgusting a manner round on him and take satisfaction out of his hide. The student on a jamboree no doubt thinks himself a devil of a fellow, but he is only a noisy fool sans everything that makes young Bohemianism attractive. INGLEWOOJJ has 11 hotels and one doctor. Is there any connection between these facts ? Can one man counteract the effect of 11 such places or do the 11 hotels stay the influence of the medical man ? But perhaps both work for good. It may be that neither hotel nor doctor is well supported, which would have the same effect. The landlady of one of the hotels says the working-man does not get home comforts in this country, so he goes to the hotel parlour for them. A wife-training college, she thinks, might be added to our already large number of Government institutions. It would scarcely be supposed that a man would bitterly regret the restoration of his sight, yet such was the case with the late M. Sarcey, the lif° O S t f Z Z S l U S S T L S t f ^gbt t brought brought him him no no pleasure. HisfafthM faithful wife and servants had tftlffin n lADCnti fmm fr PalaK Pl™r tnd^h^Win^^,? £. C * leb , " Cdcket on the H Pnr 1? » m ?, lcken3 bright in dis-fllLiet fo^Wy saw ^ti thf lllTt supernatural and micro Ecopic vfcL . At a grand lunch to celebrate his recovery all the famous actresses were present, and Sarcey, who only saw them before through the eyes of others, was horri- 11"A ", The y are all frights," he cried. "They are all dyed, painted, wrinkled and scraggy. Oh, mes belle< amies, where are they ?" He said that he bitterly regretted the rude awakening which the restoration of his sight brought him. P roved M e . yee T U BLASHKI, son of Mr. P. Blashki, tt •'' j f c fclllB city ' is ac 1 uiri ng further fame in the United States. His painting of Shasta has been accorded the place of honour in Vickery's collection, and according to the American papers has admiration from all art- lovers and critics, Although views of Shasta have, according to a Calitornian paper, been burned into the public brain, Mr. Blashki has been able to paint a new unconventional vitw, aid " interesting in the highest degree." THE swarm of readers who patronise the lending department of the Melbourne Public library have been required to exercise great patience during the alterations, which have not teen done at lightning speed, not with quite the expedition, for instance, shown in cutting gold out °f Mount Morgan. A word on the novel department in the reference library. It is treated by ^e authorities with too much contempt, and is Dot by any means up to the orderly and admirable standard of all the other departments. The fact is tll e trustees have not believed-a majority of them at all events—in providing fiction, but yielded to popular clamour. The department being ponceded, Jt ought to be kept in the Same Order as the rest, with the books readily attainable ,by catalogue, instead of getting messed up anyhow, as they do. Nowadays the novel is at least as important as any other literary field, and demands to be treated with as m uch respect. 