TALES AND SKETCHES. [All i:¡»hl- Ilhorn..] A QI'ESTION OF TOPEKA .M EXT. nv MAH Y L. CAMKliOX. l'A KT I.- ( IIA] ll K I, " Isobel, come und lciok ! A man has absolutely got down from that rattle-trap old conveyance that goes hy the name of the 1 l'osla'-nud rnorc u-onderlul still, lie ia going to stop here. They have handed down two portmauteaux and a bau of unmistak- ably rCnglish make ! Don't make a pretence of being indifferent, but come quick and look at the top of his hc^d." Cathe i inc Wood was leaning over thc balcony of the Albergo Huon' Amico, turning her head back now and then to speak to her Iriend in thc room behind her. *' Certainly not ! Wc shill probably see quite too much of him, if not more than we wish to, in the near future, if he is really going to stop here." How distressingly reasonsblc you are, Isobel I Oousideriug we have bad the Albergo all to ourselves for a fortnight, and considering that I have « itched thc posta arrive every day, and thal nobody has ever done more than poke a head round thc corner of the great leather hood and stare vaguely up and down thc flight of broken I steps we call a street here-considering and considering-I think you might take a little more interest in a new arrival." - The posta rattled and jangled away, and Catherine came in from her poBt of observa- tion and flitted about the great bare «ala which ran from baok to front of the Alhergo, on tne first floDr, and nut of which the bed. rooniB opened. Isobel Knight sat writing near a window at tbe further end, which commanded a view of a pine-clad ravine with a torrent boiling in ita depths, and beyond it an amphitheatre of rocky peaks. *'Why doesn't the padrone bring him up B»airs to choose his room ?" said Catherine, impatiently. " Perhaps he isn't going to stay hero after all," said Isobel. " Don't be aggravating 1 He must stay here, the posta has gone ou, and there is no other Albergo in Cima." At this moment thc door leading to the state-case was thrown open, and the landlord appeared, ushering in a clean-shaven man of middle height, with a mobile, sensitive mouth, and wide open blue eyes; he was followed by three or four of the officious loiterers who hang round Italian inn doors, each one bealing a separate article of baggage. "This gentleman ts your compatriot. These ladies are also KnglisD," Slid the host with thc rather embarrassing but well-meant effusiveness of Ms race. The girls bowed aud the new-coiner murmured something vague about an unexpected pleasure, and then he was led off across the sala to one of the bedrooms, followed by his ragged regi- ment. "Well, «hat do you think of him?" asked Catherine, sitting down opposite to Miss Knight. The latter lifted her «yee from her writing, and said : " I think it is very fortunate that you have a respectable, serious-minded friend here to look after you, that's what I think, Miss Wood." Catherine Wood was the youngest of four sisters, all tall, dazzlingly fair, aud reputed clever. Each in turn had goo« up ta Cam- bridge and taken degrees with brilliant success, ond then the three elder had dis- appointed all the professors and principals who had predicted triumphs for them in intellectual fields, by marrying comfortable oountry-oquires or prosperous stock-brokers, and lapsing into domestic obscurity. When it came to Catherine's turn elie declared, with the want of respect for her elders characteris- tic of the youngest of a family, that she waa not going to throw away thc advantages of her education aa her sisters had doue, and insisted on going straight from college to take upa secretaryship io Loudon. After a year's hard work she fell ill of influents, and was ordered olf to spend a summer in the mountains tn recruit. It sn happened that her friend Isobel Knight had jase completed her three years' training as a nurse at the London Hospital, and was equally in need of rest and pure air, so the two girls were packed off in charge of one another, with directions to re-appeur fat and well.looking wheo autumn set in. Leaving England in June, they were well attend of thu crowd of holiday-makers which the last days of July sets loose on the playgrounds of Europe, and wandering southwards, were tho very first arrival; at the village on the con- fines of It»ly «nd thc Tyrol, iu which the Albergo liuW Amico was the only hostelry. When Antony Haig returned to the sala after washing off the dust of travelling, be found dinner was laid on the table in ita midst, and that the two young ladies were just taking their seats : his place was laid beside theirs, and by way of liegianing the conversation he asked whether they were going to stay mach longer at Cima. " vt e mUBt Btuy bert; till we set nut on our return jiu rn ey to England," said Catherine. " The fact is we recklessly spent all our travelling money, except enough to take tts homo agata, during the first month of our holidiy, so we must sic quietly here and econ-nuUe for tho test of thc time. Luckily, Cima is the ideal Alpine villinge nf which we have always dreamed, so we have made our- selves quite happy herc, and aro having what the Americans call a lovely time." " I hope I shall not interfere with your happiness. For I have to wait for my- for a friend, who is rather an erratic being, and I may havo to stay some time. 1 will try to make myself aslittleol jectionpble as possible," said Mr. Haig. ' " I daresay wo Rhall manige. not to boro each other loo much. I'eihaps even nuke common cause and regard new-comers as interlopers, as first arrivals at hotels usually do," answered Catherine. " You make mo feel very uncomfortable." "1 meant nothing personal. We were rather wishing to be disturbed, wcre'nt we, Isobel ?" " Mr. Haig mty bc wishing thc same in a day or two." said Isobel, lo king np quickly ut him and tis swiftly withdrawing her gliiDce. So fur Antony Haig's attention hud been chiefly takeu up by Catherine Wood. Her large waist, column-like white throat, wavy golden hair, and long unns and lees, impressed him aa very Greek, anil at thc Bailie lime very modern ; sometimes he thought about Clytie as hu looked at her, and anon about u heroine of Ujornseu or Meredith. Thia charmed him; ho thought "the proper study of mankind*' was woman, and the more sphinx-like characteristics she had thc better. Mi« Knight had rather repelled him attirât sight ; slight, small, dark women arc often brisk and sensible, and Antony hated brisk, aensihte girls. Kow, however, he surprised something in that quick glance what attracted him. Isobel's big dark brown eyes, so dark as to be culled black by most people, had a certain veiled look, ao almost imperceptible film, the note of the Oriental eye as compared with the glasBy brightness of the southern European, lt ie common also to thc cat and thc tiger, tn such eyes ure possibilities, unpleasant ones often. "So much thc better," thought Antony. "There i> nothing to discover iii au amiable woman." And he turned to Isobel. " Do yon really take nie for such a block- head ?" he said, leaning forward and lookiog very seriously at ber. "I supposo I thought Miss Wood was rather tukum things for granted." " Miss Woad instinctively felt that we should be congenial companions. I am sure she did. Women always feel correctly on such points. It is a gift counterbalancing our slower method of reasoning. You will see that though you may not like me better tbe more you know me (I um nut such a fop as to presume that), you will find that wo have subjects and iutereits in common which will make intercourse interesting, and I hope agreeable to us all. Isobel looked at him again, as he hoped eba would, while he was speaking, but this time her eyes told him nothing, they merely blinked at bim like a cat's. Antony turned to Catherine, but she had pulled a bock towards her, and resting her elbows on thc table, leaned her forehead on the palms of her bauds above it, BO all he could see Wus thc crown nf her head surrounded by an aureole Of fluffy fair hair. Ho felt quite iu his element ; these girls were not going lo give away all their ideas and opinions wituout an effort on his parc which would count as a victory for his tact and insight. " Now betweu two frieuds, as between a married pair," he reflected, " there is always one saddled and bridled, and the other booted and Bpurred. Which is which in this case? I wonder bow lung it will take me to find out." During the next few days Antony Haig suceeded in making the two girls feel quite at home with hun ; he had a straightforward and at thu same time unobtrusive way of showiog that he felt pleasure in their society which they could uot be ungracious ennugh to despise. They walked together, tuck their meals together, and in the even iogs dieoassed all imaginable subjects irom the most opposite points of view. Antony had been sauntering about Italy all winter and had a sheaf of carbon reproduc* tiona of the old misters over which they spent many hours of argument and appreciation. Cathertnc'saudaciouiand capricious taste was somewhat of a trial to Antony ; he approved a bold rebelliousness in mattera ethical or dogmatic, but in art be was strict to ec verity, aod regarded one who would criticise a BottericelH or refuse to bow before a Carpaccto or a John Bellini, as a heretic not even worth faggots to the burning cf him. And Catherine not only sometimes refused to bow at the right shrimes, hut would insist OR admiring works whose florid and redundant technique ciused Antony a shiver of disgust. Ile would have been more hopeful aiiout Isobel's ultimate salvation, for she never ad- vanced crude opinious, and listened atten- tively to all expositions, but for her persis- tance in reading books on arl, a weakness from which he vainly tried to wean her. *' You should devote yourself at your age to seeiDg and jtcdgiug things yourself, thus cultivating a power of judging souudly, and not confuse yourself with Becond-haud appreciations," he would say. "I like to know what other people think about things, and 1 don't care about forming sound judgment"," Isobel would irritatingly reply ; " Mies Wood should please you, she does not trouble herself about ol ber people's opinion«." " i fear Miss Wood's judgments are a little too like prejudice to Oe quite sound," Antony would reply ingeniously. One wet doy he caine into I he sala from his room where ne had been writing letter« and fourni Catherine at her favourite window, ' watching the humauis of the village street, and Isobel reading. "There is a break in the clouds ; I helievc it will clear up in a few minutes. Do you feel inclined for a walk ?" " I am too lazy," said Catherine. "And lam ion industrious" said Isobel, settling herself again to her hook. Antony perceived he would have to take his walk alon« so he started oil along the high roid, finding that the hye-paths up the mountain sides were converted into rutiaitig brooks for the moment by the inorning'a pouring rain. He had not gone very fir when he Baw the ' PoBta ' rolling and rumbling along the road tnwurds him. As it c une near his attention was attracted by n passenger wini Bat on the ernes seat hohhot the driver, lie was a lean nervous looking man with H long moustache aid hair prematurely apriukled with gray. The reonguitiuu was mumal. " >top ! arreteiz ! feriuatc '." cried out the stronger to the driver. " Why Haig ! You here ! Thia ia a piece of luck !" and he jumped out of thc vehicle. " Whore are you staying?" " At Cima, thc next village on thc road." " I'll walk with you. What is thename of the inn you are al ? ' and after giving direc- tions to thc driver to leave the luggage at the Huon' Amico, tho two men walked on together, *' What sort of place il this Cima ? Worth making auy stay at ? I sm oo the wander for my holiday, stopping wherever 1 lind any- thing that charms mc." "I think you will like it. Undiscovered hy the tourist, it still preserves some local colour »od charm- beautiful walks io every direction and-two very interesting girls staying at the Albergo." "There I recognise my friend Tony. What magnet do you carry about that always briugs interesting womou aroend wherever you are?" ""Quice an accidental meeting, I assure you ; 1 found them tu possession ou my arrival." " Pure luck, then. Now, wherever I go, thc women at the hotels are generally the wrong side of forty and as tough as old turkey hens. It's deuced hard, lor my holi- day is the only time io the year when I have the time or ch »nee to cultivate the society of Indies, aud 1 never get the ghost of a look in during it." *. Well, stay a while at Cima »nd share my luck, as you ure pleased to call it." As the two friends returned lo the inn, Catherine aud Isobel were on the bal- cony. '. Here is Mr. Haig with tho man whose portmanteau came out of the ' I'osta,' I presume," said Catherine. " The friend for whom he is waiting evidently," addod Isobel. " Which is he, au old young man or a young old ono ?" wondered Catherine. *' His general appearance is young, hut bis hiir is quite gray. " He ia an old young man, if you put it that way. He cannot be much over thirty, hue something has prematurely aged him," decided Isobel, CiiAtTti: II. After the dinner thc new-comer, who had beeu travelling all the previous night, went to his room and Antony immediately asked the girls : " How do you like my friend, Harry Coverdale ?"' " Very much," said Catherine. " I do not quite make him out," said Isobel. " He is very fresh and simple, as if he came from the depthB of the country, and there is something eager and almost timid in his manner to us, showing be is very little used to buing with Udies, and yet he lives in London. 1 cannot understand it." " I will tell you about him, «nd I think you will comprehend. Coverdale was «iib me at Cambridge, he was a very brilliaut fellow and a great favourite, and when we left the 'Varsity it was expected that he would maka a natue in the world. Then 1 lost eight of him for a bit-f was travelling in Egypt and Ureece for u year or two-and when I returned I found he had tbrowu up everything and wa* living down in some loathsome aluin at the East-end, spending his time in hunting up the children and getting them to school and starting clubs for working boys and girls. I «vent down to see him once or twice, but thc place depressed md so I realty had to give op going there. He ha< two. littlo rooms in a block of workmen's dwellings, he lise made them nice with all his books aud a few pictures and so on, but the howling wilderness of passages and ataircases and the dreary grimy street outside, and the ragB nf garments hanging out of the windows, ami the blowsy women and hideous Bhock-hcaded children and sodden degraded Dieu hanging round the public. I house at every" corner ! Ugh! How any mau of education aud retinomeut can bear to live in it, 1 can't conceive?" " Ia he a socialist? Oh, I do hope he is a socialist," cried Catherine, flushing and beaming wiUi eagerness. " >Vhy on earth do you hope that?" " I have so wanted to know a socialist, a real socialist you kuow who lives up to all his opinions. I have met with lots of drawing-room ones, who huve Fubian tracts cu their tables and talk either about collectivism or thc perfect life. And at Cambridge, London socialists in qutcr hats and jaeger shirts used to come down to give lectures and s*y rude things which people never quite knew whether tiley were to take as jokes or earnest. But to know a " warranted genuine" socialist pereouully has always been the summit of my ambition.'' "I am afraid Coverdale does not quite fulfil your conditions. He knows and is on good terms with most of the leading socialists as he is with the Kitualist parson* and the Salvaliou ISSBCS, with everybody in face who is really working hard amongst the poor down in his slums, bur he doesn't call himself hy any name. He has just mo fixed ideas. One is, that you can't do any good to people utiles» you uuderstaud them, and that lo understand them you must live amongst them ¡ and the other, that the only way to get at tho seething inusseB ol corruptlou, rotting in our slums, is through thc children, thal only through them ein permanent good ho done." ?*1 understand that if a generous-minded min once gets imbued with the reality of London's misery that he gives up everything eise to spend himself in the eliott to sain something from the wreck of our civilisation," Bunt Isobel. '* Hut is noe Mr. Covcrdale'a sac-ilice unnecessarily great? Could he not «se his gifts and education to influence otha« less sensitive, to do the drudgery, who would fool llic wi ¡ghi of il luau. One um see it ia cutiug hin life out, duel lui and full of spirits aa ho is." "I rather fancy worth tels more, the woree are its surrounding*. It is very curious to walk about that neighbourhood with Coverdale. He'll take you down coulls and alley» marked black lu Kool h's map, place* where policeman go in couples, populated hy criminals and people who have touched the lowest dcpth-i of poverty mid degradation, and lie ia not only sale bul liked and trusted by these woree than savages. Son .eyed hall naUed children get up out of the gutter un he passes and pat' er beside him taking hold nf his finger or his coat tail and looking up in his face, and be ii so used to these little attentions that he hardly interrupts his talk, but just gives a smile herc and a pat on the head there in recognition ; womeu run out from daik doorways, creatures with faena like vultures und forms hardly hunua in their deformity mid dirt, and catch Lim by the arin and drug him asid» and pour out their griev. auc.« tu him, and he liaiendsind enters these dens and comes out and walks on aa if it were all a matter of course. Certuiuly he. ha» made himself one with the people in a way that no cniiirnon.placu philanthropist lias the ienst idea of doing." " He must have a wonderful personal attraction," cried Isobel. Catheriue said nothing more. She was looking nut of the windon ; the moon had rÍ6en and the jagged outline of the ridge beyond the ravine showed black against a i luminous hack-ground of gray blue sky. Away to the left, one peak lilted its head j far above the surrounding mountains. Girt j about with unscaled precipices, ita lunch-1 heights stood out in thc cold clear moonlight, beautiful and unapproachable. {To lu roiitintn:d.) 