SAVING THEIR L VES. ' Well, what now ! ' growled a sleepy resident of Piety Hill as his wife was charing around the house at bed time. 1 A man might as well by to sleep in a boiler -yard as berr. Always somebody np and making a racket. What's the matter witb yon, anyhow I ' Where's that liver medicine 1 Abody can never find anything in ibis honso. It looks to me just as if we bed bought that medicine chest in order not to keep medicines io it.' ' 'Ton had it first, iast and all the time. I don't know of any other liver medtrine.fieod oo the premises. "What is it tbis time, toothache, earache or indigestion f ' 1 Neuralgia,' snappishly, ' bnt no one ever thinks there's anythiog the matter with mr. Here It is.' ' Glad of it, . We conld have called a doctor or bad an ambulance with a good deal less disturbance. "What gets me is that you take liver remedies for every thing. ' Of course I do. . That's what tho doctors would give me anyhow. I don't see amy ubb in paying oot our gocd money to them when yon can- do- your own doctoring.' The next day there were three pbysiciaus working ovrr a cfearly developed case of pnenmoqia, and after they had polled the patient through they jointly and severally urged npon her' necssity of abandoning the delusion that to stir the liver was a universal cure for impaired health. Tins was disinterested advice, and .admonitions of like nature are pertinent in several -quarterv Falth clings with pertinacious loyalty to old fashioned home remedies. Hohdreda of families have a fearful and wonderful collection of drags and and nostrums in tbeir houses, a fact growing out of 'this clinging belief that lather, mother, grandmother or some good old lady in the neighbourhood can name the needed panacea from the miniature drug store in stock. Why, that child's full of malaria/ exclaimed an anxious mother to her husband. Just look at her muddy and sallow complexion. It's terrible. But 111 soon get thst of her system. I remember just bow mother treated it.' Then the poor girl was doped with quinine and other malarial extermina tors with a frequency begotten of maternal anxiety aod in dose approved by ths allopathic school. After most of her flesh had disappeared and the mere set of. moving about was a severe tax on hoc strength, the family physi cian waB called in. A little iadhicus questioning on his part elicited the fact that she had been using a freckle lotion - which was responsible for her coppery complexion and that alt the rude assaults upon her interna! organism were responsible for her emaciated condition. The process of medicinal treatment was reversed and 'she was" restored to a- normal state of health and flesh. 'Jist writ till I run over to the house and git some boneset/ exclaimed one of those well -meaning old ladies whu honestly believes that she can give odds to ths faculty of any medical college ia the land. 'Don't worrit now,' to the pale-faced mother who was actually blowing into ths mouth" of the - little - sufferer with the hope that it might get breath of her breath and life j of her life, ' it's only a rash- All" of | 'em bave to go through it. But the father was not a man to ' take any . chances. ' He planted himself at the telephone and called doctors till he fonnd one who conld' come at once and come in a hurry. Hie practised eye soon discovered that the little one wsb in imminent danger of strangulation and that the cause was not to be found in any acute stomach Bach as the boneset practioner was anxious to treat. She stood by with steaming potion and disdainfal look while the trained man of science quick - ly grasped the suggestion' of common , sense that there most be some locil tronble in the throat. After a few deft - movements which canmd - the ' old lady to matter fare protests while the mother screamed hens the doctor produced a family relic in the shape of those"' dog' knives that cause old men to remember their yontb. ThB baby bad made an ; heroic bnt fruitless effort to swallow tbe ancient bit of Cutlery and the child's strength would soon have gone ont in the exhanstlon of death had the doctor not been called. 'Aha !' said the knowing father-as his two boya returned from a 'stag picnic and corn bake, ' in which other lads of their sue had nartidoated. 'been -eating green apples. No wonder you're doubled up with pain and look like tanned ghosts. X know all about it . Used to be a boy myself. ' Grandma knew all about It. She gave tiiem brandy, applied hot "water bags, had them: tabbed and availed herself of the golden opportunity to descant upon the iniquities of the green apple habit. But the tronble did not yield to tte treatment. The lather ceased to joke and grandma, lost her complaceL t confidence.: .There were' -several very- busy -doctors .-there that night, and when the crisis was happily pssssd it . was made public that the -green apple ailment was complicated' because of an indulgence In toadstools that the boys had mistaken for mush rooms andprepiredina primitive way fora part iof' a. terit. . Examples more tragical and equally tioetaigbtjMgiy to show ihe folly of uihtiig that rimple home remedies however great the medical viitiiesthey ma:PMW>aa.whrii mlied wtere ril1 are juot to he iriiedtipftnto The delicatepiece of mhriiinriy, $» towt In ; the end of their., days, bicause ibey failed to follow'tlila common-cense role. People who . can . be implicitly relied -"upon to protect their pro perty by turning in an alarm wheu there is a fire, calling upon the police ' when they are heeded, and even'sending for a vetioary surgeon if a horse develops a lump, cough or short wind, 'will take the responsibility of doing, their own doctoring aud not infrequently carry their lolly so far as to make it irretrievable. They simply guess thst this or that is the matter and hat this or til at would begood f->r" it, and act npon this speculative hypothesis as though it had lbs souudest scientific approval and as though no question of life and death were involved. There are Innumerable little incidents and passing ailments that can be cared for In any intelligent household, but under mo circumstances act upon blind sur mise or superficial knowledge where is dangerous sickness. ' It is bad enough that doctors some times have to experi ment. Bacglera Bbould never try it. 