THE INFANT-SLAYING TRADE This trade is as flourishing as ever. In the great majority of cases the slayer es- capes punishment, even when, in some cases, it is proved against them that they wrongfully treated the victims, and that they had more to gain by its dying than by its living. Judge Hood has just sent a wretched murderess named Maria Theresa Thornton to gaol for seven years for what is called manslaughter. It was, however, murder, or nothing. The woman adopted a newly- born infant in considera- tion of receiving with it the sum of £7. She was an unusually greedy woman, be- sides being one of the most diabolical characters that the mind of a moderately- humane person can conceive. In about a fortnight, by her deliberate cruelty to the doomed infant, she had it ready for dying. It was then taken from her by the police, but was too far gone to recover. She had earned her £7. Judge Hood, in sentencing this fiend in petticoats, said he considered that the business of “adopting” infants for a lump sum was an organised system of murder. Strange to say, it does not appear to have struck His Honor that one indivi- dual does not constitute an organisation. Why were not the rest of the gang before him—the go-between who, in the genera- lity of those cases, arranges the bargain; the mother who puts the climax on her shame and degradation by consenting to or actively interesting herself in the de- struction of her offspring; and the person —sometimes the father of the infant—who provides the actual murderess’s fee? Standing beside the woman Thornton in the dock should have been other persons besides herself. It would seem, however, as if the Supreme Court is of opinion that, whilst it would be punishable to enter into a conspiracy for taking off an adult, only the person who is actually instrumental in the death of a child need be punished. This is a very bad and dangerous system to encourage. The hirer or instigator of the person who is paid to commit a mur- der or other crime ought, on every occa- sion wherever it is at all possible, to be proceeded against in conjunction with the principals. Juries are invariably gentle with women, who, whilst the agonies of child-birth are still upon them, strangle and, then, as well as they can, dispose of the remains. But they would not per- haps be so merciful to the same woman when, through being able to raise a few pounds, she, or someone on her account, is enabled to hire a person who will under- take that the child shall slowly starve, rot and suppurate to death, its moans becom- ing daily feebler and feebler as the end approaches, and the poisonous matter in- side its stomach, in the form of putrid non- digestible food, gets in its work. If a grown-up man or woman were taken in hand and murdered in this unspeakably barbarous and lingering way—the intes- tines sometimes nearly bursting through the congested abdomen before the victim escapes by death from his or her brutal executioner—if a grown-up person were treated in this manner the country would ring and ring again with cries of horror, and the populace would demand the lynching of the principals. Yet, as any experienced surgeon, and especially one like Dr. Nield, who has seen so many hun- dreds of these cases, know, this is quite a common way for persons to dispose of infants whom they do not want. If they humanely dealt out sudden death to them society would be shocked, and would hang them. But society, in its ignorance, does not realise that the death that is so often dealt out to these doomed children is more horrifying and agonising than a hundred or a thousand sudden deaths. Common sense ought, however, to be sufficient to in- form a person that when an individual, in health, is taken in hand with the object of killing it with improper food and drink, what a course of suffering and of breaking- up of the system the victim has to go through. The Infants’ Life Protection Act re- quires further amending. The Chief Sec- retary has promised that it will be altered during the coming session of Parliament. He has promised that the acceptance of a lump sum of money with an infant shall be made a criminal offence. This ought to apply to both the receiver and the payer. The Act should also be amended in the direction of the South Australian Act, whereby the paternity of an illegitimate child can be fixed before its birth, and the father compelled to bear a share of the accouchement expenses, and support the mother and child during her illness. An- other amendment should be in the direc- tion of bringing accomplices to justice, whether they are in poor circumstances, and can with difficulty scrape together £5 or so for the “adopting” harridan’s fee, or whether they are so affluent, and of such “respectable” character that they can afford a tribe of a hundred sovereigns for the services of a murderess. When we have murder organisations in operation in our midst, as Justice Hood so aptly termed them, it would no doubt puzzle His Honor, as well as any other intelligent person, why of the Mrs. Thornton organi- sation she was the only member of it who was placed in the dock. To-day’s Events.—Warden’s Court, 2 p.m. ; Art Gallery committee, 4 p.m. ; Wo- men’s Literary Society, 7.30 p.m. ; conver- sazione and art exhibition at School of Mines, 8 p.m. ; Eaglehawk Mechanics’ In- stitute committee meets 7.30 p.m.; H.A.C. B.S. St. Kilian’s branch, 8 p.m. ; Calvin street Methodist Church, concert and vale- dictory to Rev. R. S. Carson, 8 p.m. ; “Forty Thieves” at Princess Theatre, 8 p.m. ; Druids’ Sandhurst Lodge, 8 p.m. ; Quarry Hill F. C., Hopetunn Hotel, 8 p.m. ; South Bendigo Juniors F. C., Orchard’s Queen street Hotel, 8 p.m. Mining Results.—The yield for the “on week,” 5666oz., is highly satisfactory. The principal contributors are:—Garden Gully, 504oz. ; Catherine Reef, 292oz. ; Koch’s Pioneer, 250½oz. ; Macduff, 241¾oz. ; New Moon, 223¼oz. ; Great Southern, 223¼oz. ; Ironbark, 200½oz. ; Fortuna Hustler’s, 191 oz. ; New Chum Railway, 185¼oz. ; John- son’s Reef, 138oz. ; United Hustler’s and Redan, 134½oz. ; Great Northern, 104oz. Two dividends are announced:— Garden Gully, 1s 6d (£2513 15s 6d); and Catherine Reef, 6d (£1650). The Rev. R. S. Carson’s Resignation.— An Explanation.—-At the Calvin street Church last evening the Rev. R. S. Carson made an explanation as to his departure from the church. He said that certain people per- sistently misrepresented him, and he wished to remove any wrong impression. Some might say, “Mr. Carson knew what he was about; he left £120 to get £200 a year.” As he stood before God, he could say that he did not know what was before him. He had not the slightest idea of what he was going to do. He had no material possessions, and he was compelled to cease work. He was leaving because he was getting twelve months’ leave of absence. He was suffering greatly from nervous exhaustion, and his medical adviser had said he must have absolute rest. At another stage of his sermon he said he thanked God that he had never run after, or crawled to anybody. He had heard it said of a minister that he had crawled after a per- son for a shilling. Some people, he ob- served, adopted a pin-prick policy like a por- tion of the congregation at the Ballarat Bap- tist Church. But Mr. Soper refused to sit on the pins and left (Laughter.) They either adopted that policy or starved a minister out. At another stage he said that people said if they could only get a “Holy Ghost” man their church would be full. But it would not, for a “Holy Ghost” man would hit out so hard that the church would soon be empty. It required more than the minister to make the church attractive. It may be mentioned that at the conclusion of the sermon, the steward, in making the usual announcements, stated that subscriptions to the “Minister’s Stipend Fund” would be gladly received, as there was £80 due to their minister, a considerable sum of money having been spent “in beautify- ing the church and in other directions.” Strathfieldsaye Council and the Coliban Water Scheme.—The residents of the Strath- fieldsaye district have long felt aggrieved at the fact that the formation of the Malms- bury reservoir cut off the natural water sup- ply of their district. Now that an increased supply to Bendigo, by means of a second catchment basin on the Coliban is being mooted, the Strathfieldsaye councillors intend to vigorously put forward the claims of the district, and ask for an extension of the Ben- digo water supply system into their shire. For the purpose of arranging a deputation to met the Railway Standing Committee the councillors will hold a meeting at the Town Hall Hotel next Saturday afternoon. The New Fire Station.—On Saturday most of the apparatus belonging to the three bri- gades was removed to the new fire station, where it makes an imposing display. Head- stationkeeper Kerr and Assistant- stationkeeper Glen also commenced their duties on that day. Five registered mem- bers are occupying the dormitory. The first alarm was received at 2 a.m. yesterday. It proved to be a hoax. To-day the three newly-appointed watchmen will enter upon their duties at the tower. Petty Thieves.—For a long time past a number of robberies have been committed in the neighborhood of Long Gully by young lads. A number of these lads have been brought to justice, but the re- sults have apparently had but little de- terrent effects upon others, who are evilly inclined. Latterly some of the youths ap- pear to have selected the Long Gully Me- chanics’ Institute as the base of their ope- rations, they having purloined small quanti- ties of newspapers from the files of that in- stitution and disposed of them as waste paper to local tradesmen. The secretary, Mr. Wilson, noticing the illegal shrinkage of the papers, made inquiries at the various stores and identified some of the papers as being the property of the institution. The police have been informed of the matter, and have possession of the papers alleged to be stolen, so that it is probable that more will be heard of the matter. Bendigo- Melbourne Telephone.—The ques- tion of erecting a telephone wire from Ben- digo to Melbourne has been under the consid- eration of the Postal department for some months. It was recently stated that the main wires to Werribee and Ballarat had proved financial successes, and that this fact would lead to the authorisation of the Bendigo line. The Postmaster-General on Saturday gave the necessary authority for the erection of the line to Bendigo. The work will cost about £2000. The Weather. —The spell of healthy au- tumn weather that has been experienced lately was broken yesterday, when rain com- menced to fall at 4 a.m. It continued until 9 a.m., 25 points being registered. Last night the temperature was low, the weather being cold and foggy. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’ yesterday were:—Thermo- meter —9 a.m., 55deg. ; 12, 62deg.; 3 p.m., 67deg. ; 6 p.m., 64deg. ; maximum, 70deg. ; minimum, 46deg. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.43deg. ; 12, 29.42deg. ; 3 p.m., 29.27deg.; 6 p.m., 29.26. The forecast for to-day is :— Moderately fine, but more or less cloudy, with coastal showers ; south and south-east winds, light inland, fresh on coast. Sea freshening on west coast. The New Time Act.—The new Time Act lately arranged in South Australia came into operation at midnight. The Post Office clock at Adelaide was put on half-an-hour, thus making the difference in the time of South Australia, and that of New South Wales and Victoria, half-an- hour, instead of an hour, as formerly. The Mansfield Tragedy.—Anastasia But- ler, who was arrested at Mansfield on Fri- day on a charge of murdering her father, was brought before Mr. Crosbie Graves, J.P., on Saturday morning, and was, at the re- quest of the police, remanded to appear at the inquest, which has been fixed to take place on the 12th May. Miss Butler con- tinues to take matters quietly, and has made no statement to the police since her arrest. She was taken to Melbourne on Saturday, and will remain in the gaol there until the inquest on the body of the murdered man. Sensational Cab Accident.—On Saturday evening a considerable sensation was caused by the appearance of a horse attached to a cab careering down View street without a driver. The horse was caught in front of the theatre by Constable Mulfahey, when it was seen that one wheel of the cab was smashed. Where the cab came from was a mystery, and the crowd had to calmly await develop- ments. After the lapse of half-an- hour a man named Jesse Lloyd came up and claimed the turnout. He stated that when he was driving down the British and American Hill, at Ironbark, the sparks from a passing tram caused the horse to swerve, and a wheel of the cab came into contact with the kerbing, and was smashed. He was jolted off into the road, and then the horse set off at a great pace for Bendigo. The occupants of the cab, taking in the situation, jumped out as quickly as possible, and one of them, Thomas Oates, of Harvey town, fell onto the roadway and was severely bruised. A passing cab took him to the hospital, where it was found he had sustained several contu- sions, and was generally suffering from shock. He is now somewhat recovered, and will leave the hospital to-day. On its way into Bendigo the horse nearly ran into several ve- hicles, and actually came into contact with one, but only smashed a shaft. It is fortun- ate that the damage done was not more serious. Miss Maud Reid’s Wedding.—A pretty wedding took place at St. John’s Church, Carlton, on Wednesday, April 26, between Mr. Thomas Hasker, of Ballarat, and Miss Maud Reid, oldest daughter of Mr. John Reid, Quantities office, and late of Eagle- hawk. The wedding ceremony was per- formed by Canon Carlisle, Miss Carlisle offi- ciating at the organ. Miss Reid was given away by her father. She was accompanied to the altar by three bridesmaids. Miss Effie, Miss Nita and Miss Florrie Reid. Mr. R. Hasker acted as best men. After the wed- ing ceremony a reception was held at the Vicarage, after which the bride and bride- groom left for Philip Island, preparatory to going to their home in Ballarat. The bride was the recipient of a great many very handsome presents, including many from for- mer pupils, among these latter being a par- ticularly handsome salver, kettle and teapot in silver. An Offending Cyclist—-It has truly been remarked that that great and ancient eastern nation, the Chinese, is awakening from is long sleep of centuries, and abandoning its conservative notions, in following the lead set by other nations. Already the Chinese have adopted the popular craze of cycling, and worse still, it would appear, have adopted the vicious habit of riding on the footpath. Naturally, they have to suffer the conse- quence as others have to do, and Won Poy Hem was brought before the bench a Satur- day’s police court charged with riding his cycle on the footpath in Strickland road. The case had been adjourned from the previous Saturday at the request of the cyclist, who proposed bringing witnesses to prove an alibi —or something else. He failed to bring any or even to put in an appearance himself, and the justices considering that he had ag- gravated the offence, fined him 7s 6d with 2s 6d costs. A Foolish Trick.—At 2 o’clock yesterday morning an alarm was received at the new fire station from the alarm near the Five Lions Hotel. The watch tower was com- municated with, and the reply came that there was no outbreak of fire visible. Head- stationkeeper Kerr despatched a messenger to the alarm, when it was found that the glass had been broken. It was very evident the work was that of larrikins. The secre- tary of the new brigade, Mr. Jas. Walker, is anxious to sheet home the offence to the perpetrators, and asks any person who witnessed it will communicate with him. City Police Court.—The list of cases that came before Messrs. Rundell and Lowndes at the City Police Court on Saturday was light, and was very quickly disposed of. Charles Borne, an old German, who is charged with stealing a greyhound from John Cant- well, of Corop, as stated in Saturday’s “Ben- digo Independent,” was remanded until to- day. A cyclist named Won Poy Hem, was fined 7s. 6d., with costs, for riding on the footpath. Debt cases were dealt with as fol- lows:—Robert Saunders v. Reuben Toms, £7 13s. 7d., costs 5s. ; Henry Jacobs v. Fred. Holmes, £3 7s. 7d., costs 15s. 6d. ; Charlotte Jalland v. Octavo Armstrong, £2 5s., costs 2s. 6d. ; J. Hardeman v. Henry Cousins, £2 4s., costs 13s. A few other cases dealt with are reported elsewhere. New Official Assignee.—Mr. Ronald A. Rankin has been appointed official as- signee of insolvent estates for the Midland Insolvency District, in the place of Mr. Alfred Hasker, who recently resigned the position owing to leaving the district. Accident to a Little Girl.—A little girl named Annie Grist, who resides with her parents in Anderson street, was playing with her companions on Saturday afternoon, and foolishly climbed one of the street trees. When about twelve feet from the ground she slipped and fell backwards, striking the ground with great force. Dr. J. M’Intyre Eadie was called in and on an examination found her suffering from a severe scalp wound at the base of the skull, also from concussion of the brain. No serious re- sults are anticipated. Destructive Fire at Kyabram.—A most destructive fire occurred at Kyabram on Saturday morning, at about three o’clock, by which the Kyabram Hotel was completely destroyed. It is supposed that the fire originated in the bedroom of a gentleman stay- ing in the hotel, and the flames spread so rapidly that the inmates had scarcely time to escape, in many, instances losing all their belongings, including their clothes. Many of the boarders lost heavily in both money and jewellery. Mr. Cressard, the owner and licensee, will be a very heavy loser. The buildings, stock and furniture were insured in the Norwich Union for £2000, but this amount, it is estimated, will scarcely cover half the loss. Alleged Cheating by a Chinese Hawker.— A vegetable hawker, named Ah Louey, charg- ed at the City Police Court on Saturday with the larceny of 1s., the property of Mary O’Loughlin, was remanded until to-day, bail being fixed in one surety of £10 and his own recognisance for £10. It appears that on Saturday Mrs. O’Loughlin, who is the wife of the watchhouse-keeper, had occa- sion to buy some vegetables from Ah Louey. She handed him a two-shilling piece in pay- ment, 1s 10d being due to her in change. Ah Louey handed her a shilling, but not having suffient change, took the shilling back and went for more. On his return he offered Mrs. O’Loughlin 10d, averring that he had only received one shilling from her in the first place. As he persisted in this he was taken in charge, when a two- shilling piece was found on him. At the sight of the coin he exclaimed : “All li’, me give a shillin’ ” ; but it was too late, as the charge had been entered up against him. Religion is not Sentimentality.—The Rev. R. S. Carson, before delivering his farewell address at his church in Calvin street, last evening, said he had no intention of working upon their feelings and causing their tears to flow. He did not believe in sentiment. When he first entered the ministry he aimed at impressing people by working them into a pitch of excitement, and playing upon their feelings, but he had learnt since that a religion that was to be of service to men must be one that appealed to the intellect and reason. The Methodists, he remarked during his sermon, were great ones for prayer meetings, and placed too much stress on them. If instead of “floor-stamping” and “form-thumping” and “Halleluyahs” they would sit down and make a careful investi- gation and study of the four gospels, they would be more stable Christians than they were at present. Religion did not consist in sentiment, but in gaining a right concep- tion of the truth, and striving, by the grace of God, to live up to it. There were people who cried, “Glory, glory,” “Praise the Lord,” with tremendous fervour on the Sunday, and when on the Monday the minister asked them to do something for the church, he only received a snub. If religion meant the parting of sixpence, they would part with the spiritual before the material. An Uncomfortable Situation.— About mid- night last night a man named Gilbert Har- rison was handed over to Constable Gill in a very wet condition. It appears that he was noticed in the neighborhood of Lucan street about 9 p.m., when he suffering from delirium tremens. A couple of hours later he was discovered in a 14-foot shaft on vacant ground near the intersection of Lucan and Bayne streets. A ladder was lowered and the man who made the descent found Har- rison standing up to his waist in water. He was got to the surface as quickly as possible. At the lock- up he was made comfortable. He apparently did not realise his dangerous position, for he calmly said he had been working the shaft, having been lowered down by his mate. Alleged Assault.—Yesterday afternoon Senior- constable O’Keefe and Constable Ros- enbrook arrested on warrant, Joseph Smith (54), and Walter Smith (21), miners of Long Gully, on a charge of assaulting Edwin John Penn. They were admitted to bail at the watchhouse in sums of £10 each, being re- manded till Thursday. Miss Amy Castles’ Benefit.—Sale of Seats by Auction.—For the first time in the history of Bendigo on Saturday the seats for an entertainment were disposed of by auc- tion. On that day Mr. Marks submitted for sale the dress circle seats in connection with the Amy Castles’ benefit, which takes place at the Princess Theatre on Wednesday. There was a spirited response from the pub- lic, with the result that nearly £150 was net- ted. The two centre seats in the front row were secured by Mr. Jos. Sternberg for Lord and Lady Brassey at £5 5s. each. The two seats on the right of the vice-regal party were purchased for Bishop Crane and Co- adjutor Bishop Reville at £5 each. For the seat to the left of Lord and Lady Brassey Mr. Sternberg paid £5, the next one to it being bought for the Rev. Father Rooney at £2. The front row of section D was next disposed of, the first three seats being taken at £2 each for the Hons. J. H. Abbott, Winter-Irving and Joseph Sternberg, Ms.L.C. Mr. Marshall took the next one at £1 1s., Mr. C. Woods two at 10s., and Mr. A. M. Pool one at 10s. Two seats in the front row of section B were secured by Major Kirby at £1 1s. each, and the next two by Dr. Quick at £1 each. The next two by Mr. McAtamney, who bought up a lot of seats, at 7s. 6d., while Dr. Gaffney secured two seats at £2 10s. each. Seats in the rear of Lord Brassey were secured by Dr. Barry, the Rev. Father Moore at £2 each, the remaining seats being taken by Mr. W. Weddell for £3. Six seats in the second row in section B were secured by Mr. J. G. Ed- wards for £3. Messrs. Daley and H. McAt- amney secured four more at 10s. The secre- taries desire us to intimate that persons holding dress circle tickets can reserve chairs in the stalls after 12 noon to-day. The box plan is at Mr. Horace Bradley’s, Mitchell street. Eight Hours’ Art Union.—The drawing for the Eight Hours’ art union took place on Saturday might. The principal results are as follows:—First prize, ticket No. 29,928 ; se- cond, 98,895; third, 54,155 ; fourth, 24,711; fifth, 81,517; sixth, 152,304. The School of Mines Cyanide Plant.— As arranged at the meeting of the City Council on Friday, a sub-committee of the council and the School of Mines council met on Saturday afternoon to draw up a draft agreement as to the lease of a site for a cyanide plant for the School of Mines. Cr. Harkness (mayor), and Cr. McGowan and Dr. Penfold, Professor Esdale and Mr. Alex. Thomson, were present. An ar- rangement satisfactory to both sides was ar- rived at regarding the terms of the lease, and as to what part of the green yard shall be available, and it now remains for the City Council at its meeting next Friday, to endorse the recommendation of the sub- committee, and the difficulty will be got over. School of Mines.—Exhibition of the Art Students’ Work and Art Conversazione.— This evening at 8 o’clock, in the large Lec- ture Hall of the School, the above exhibition will be opened by the president, Dr. Oliver Penfold, who will deliver an address. This is to be followed by songs by Mrs. Emilius Thompson, violin solos by Miss Hansen- Knarhoi, recitations by Miss Ethel Osborne, and a lecturette on “Sculpture,” illustrated with lantern views by Mr. Arthur T. Wood- ward. The Museum and class-rooms will be open for inspection. The doors open at 7.30 p.m., and admission is free by tickets only. They can be obtained at the School, or at Messrs. Robshaw’s and Prescott’s establish- ments, Mitchell street. We are informed that the exhibition will be of special merit. An Aboriginal Belle.—At a recent sitting of the Aborigine Board in Sydney, a well- written and almost grammatically correct application was received from an aboriginal lady at present residing in Sydney, stating that as she was beginning to get slightly “blind in the eyes,” and employment of any kind was not exactlly to her liking, she hoped the board would make her an allowance “under the Act,” on which she could live for the rest of her days in hallowed peace and contentment. Mr. Chanter remarked, “She evidently wants us to start an old age pension scheme ; we cannot do that.” The Inspector-General, Mr. Fosbery, stated that he happened to know the lady in ques- tion. She was only 39 years of age, and could work well enough. In fact, the last time he saw her, she was dressed “like any lady in the land,” and appeared to aim at be- ing “quite a superior person.” The board decided not to entertain the application, but to inform the applicant she would, if she so desired, be furnished with a home at one of the aboriginal stations. “The Forty Thieves.” —The Royal Prin- cess Theatre was again well patronised on Saturday. In the afternoon a matinee was given, when children were admitted at half- price to all parts of the house. Needless to say that the opportunity of witnessing such an excellent performance was largely availed of, the theatre being well filled, prin- cipally by ladies and children, who all thor- oughly enjoyed themselves. In the evening the performance, notwithstanding the ar- duous efforts of the afternoon, went as briskly as ever, and Mr. Hassan as “Edward the faithful,” simply excelled himself. All the parts were very ably sustained, and the lavish applause afforded ample testimony to the manner in which the audience appre- ciated the play. The last performance of the season in Bendigo of this wonderfully clever and attractive extravaganza will be given to- night, when there will doubtless be a crowded house to bid their adieux to Ali Baba and his forty beautiful thieves. Transfer of Stationmasters.—Railway sta- tionmasters have been transferred as fol- lows:—Mr. J. J. Meahan, from Black- burn to Kerang ; Mr. J. M‘Kay, from Pin- pino to Deer Park ; and Mr. J. H. Nelson, from Casterton to Buangor. Engine- drivers’ Association. —Mr. S. Ryan presided at the weekly meeting held at the Trades’ Hall on Saturday night. Two nomi- nations were received for membership. Two apprentices were nominated, and passed a first time. A Correction.—In the case of a rather sud- den death, reported in our issue on Saturday last, the name was given as Mrs. Graham. It should have been Mrs. Watson. Buried Alive.—A strange affair is report- ed from Tonawando, New York State. The mayor (Mr. James Rugby) died, and was buried. The death certificate having been lost the body was exhumed to discover the cause of death. It was then found that Rug- by had been buried alive. He had smashed the glass fixed in the coffin lid, and the marks of his teeth were upon the upholstery at the head of the coffin. H.A.C.B.S.—The fortnightly meeting of St. Kilian’s branch will be held to-night at 7.30. The item on the syllabus is a paper by Bro. C. Heffey. Bendigo Fire Brigade.—A meeting is an- nounced to be held in the fire station to-mor- row (Tuesday) evening at 8 o’clock, when several matters of importance will be dealt with. Mr. W. F. Creeth, of Bank Chambers, Forest street, has been appointed agent for the Vic- toria Insurance Company (Limited), vice Mr. A. Hasker, who has left the district. The annual meeting of St. Vincent de Paul’s Society is announced to be held at the Bishop’s Palace at 3 p.m. to-morrow. The monthly meeting of the Mining Mana- gers’ Association will be held at Eaglehawk at 7.30 p.m. to-morrow instead of Wednesday next, as previously announced. 