OMEO ATHLEIIC CLUB. ITS* RISE AND FALL,, GLORIES OF THE OLD DAYS. PROPOSED REORGANISATION. The Omco Athletic Club, which wosnU lowoii to fade, out of existence threo years ago, linn never failed to coll forth expres sions,of regret when the glories and vic tories of the one-time famous club ore colled to remembrance by the iithlotio enthusiasts of tho district,! They call to mind when Kennedy, In 1880, won the Gift off 2(yds., and repeated tho performance in 1888 off lyd,, niter a dead heat with Caesimor, who was perhaps the best qunrtcr-niile man over stripped on the Omco track ; at the samo meetingCaBslmer won tho quarter off scratch, singing “ Homo, Sweet Homo ” at tho finish, tho limit being 45yd«,—and. the committee wnhted to disqhnUfy him for it! ■ From 1880, whon the: club was first started, up; to 1890 the value of. tho Gift was gradually increased, nnd 1890 was tho first year that a local man won after the Gift had beoom'o big money," when J. Pcjhrlain got hoiiio’ lucidly from1 n flying start, Cohen iboing locked upon as a.certain winner. In 18911 the value,of the. Gift-hnd risen to. the hnudsoips ouin, of £115, und was won by Cohen, after a dead heat with W. Ilbrinan,' C. White having won in 1892 in record time. In 1894 nnd 1895 Lumson and Grennall, both Murray< men, curried off tho great prize, both having been unsuccessfully protested; aiid ln 1890 the oUib niado a record by hold ing meetings. at Eostor and C'lit is turns, giv ing over 0400 away, in prizes in one year! ■ This was the last meeting that the blub held, nnd there was a feeling that tho death of tho club wash rclimjuhduncut Of the one thing that kept Omco before tho eyes of tho colony ; and howover colil- hcartcd.and un onthusiaatio tho non-atidetio portion of tho residents might be they shared this fooling after they found that the club had been: uf lowed to vanish out of existence; and Held its meetings no Mure. ' Tho Inst sports meoting of the1 club was hold at Christmas, 1895, and all the previous meetings having, been hold at Easter, and many persons ascribed tho failuro of that mooting to ‘pay! its way financially to tho fact that tho dnto had been changed to Christmas instead of holding it lit Easter, whiuh hnd previously been the established dnto of■ tho,meeting. . . .' But it died for want of public spirit on the part of the tradespeople: of'tho town and-faok of support from the general public. Meeting aftor meeting was hold to got tile club blurted fur Christmas, 1897, put. there was only a very email atteiidauco at bach of thorn, and when the tradespeople and hotol kcepora wero appealed to- for subscriptions towards tho club they responded so spar ingly witli promises of assistance that there was nothing' todo but to lot thb matter In the olden days, wlien money was plen tiful in Omco, sucli a calamity os letting the Omeo Athletic Club disappear from the list | of Omeo oviinte would never have been con templated or thought possiblo.: It was easy enough then'to give,a £100 handioap, and proportionately large amounts for the other events, but had limes soon changed alt that, und for tho Mat-threo yearn.of its existence, the club had to reduce its prize list yenr by year, until it was only the ghost of what it had formerly been, although £200 was ex pended at the last meoting. . ;Thb lapse uf the annual oports meeting of the blub 'wnsi Severely felt by the hotel keepers and tradeoincn. For weeks before the sports were held thore wero always a number of athletes residing in nnd around. the town, and accommodation Was stretched to its utmost limit, which meant business for everyone, although it was hardly rea lised..how much extra business was dono directly by the holding of the sports until they,word abolished. The promotion of tlm Hospital'Carnival at Euatcr minimised this to some extent, but now that tho carnival hits been postponed to Chrlstipas thero is \- likely to be a depression at Easter time, un less some effort is niado to provide samo amusement which will gain tho sythpathies of all tho holiday makers st thut' time of tho year. .'.'-.i-v, Another nttempt is to be made .to revive tho club sports this Easter, and a meeting has been called, for Friday evening to con sider the matter. If tlioro is o general ile siro to resuscitate .tho Easter spo'pts there will then bo an opportunity of expressing it, and not leave it. for ono or - two, enthusiasts to go round tho town: witty B subscription! list and receive n grudging support, ahclt; as happened on the last ocoaBion that an attempt vms made to hold tho sports. , If,tho people of the district-:wunb the sports again they will have to eomi'forword voluntarily, at Friday's meeting shd stuto what they are prepared to do towards it. The day is past iyhon they can wait to;hs asked, hoping tligt they will pot bo asked,: land if BUlfoienVsupport is; promised! at Fri day's meeting then they can, hope;vto pee' \- again thero glorious times when the Easter spofU of'Omeo were looked upon with In terest all oyer tho colony, und tho winner of the Easter Gift could, pride himself as ono of thcchainpiona of tlio year.' ' - -<’■ ' «, '"'v"1 • . .# ; ■" 