NOVEL. Tie londf-plcli By M. G. McCLELLABD. CHAPTER XYI.— (Continued.) Miss Vahdan - nodded enthusiastioaliy. She was enjoying herself immensely, and minded to keep on with it:. 4 Toe hat inoident was good,' she affirmed —l quite dramatic, and in character with the rest oi the performance. Has Miss uonevan recognized you, do you think ?» Guthrie shook his head, and pulled at his beard meditatively. 4 Time has gotten in stronger work along my lines,' he said. 4 From a beardless strip- - ling I've beoome a grizzled and well-high middle-aged man. I shouldn't identify my own past and present if I hadn't wat'ohed the evolution. She has no means of recog nition: There is no assooiating resemblance about me, and nobody here uses my Chris tian name, whioh is the only one she ever heard.- Unless, the old wonder- witoh has kept me in mind, I make no doubt she's for got, en me long ago.' The young lady did not agree with him. She knew very well that women are not prone to forget pretty little adventures of whioh they themselves are the heroines. She made this plain to him, and then demanded information abont the wonder-, witoh. ' You Sotherners have so many signs and wonders that my brain reels under them,' she declared. 4 Rabbits' feet, ' and oroBs- marks in the path, and jaek-boxea filled with dried snakes, lizards, and bird- feathers, conjure charms and lnok signs, and death and disaster (portents, make a supernatural medley that Yankee oonsoionsnesB doesn't readily assimilate. And the .queer part is that so many intelligent people among yon- take the thing seriously and allow, for it. What in heaven's name is a wonder- witoh ? She's a new species to me.' ' Guthrie laughed amusedly. 4 .The wonder- witch is the ring I gave Msg Donovan,' he explained. 'We always oalled it that because of a legend connected with it, and the representation of a neoromantio old orone \- on the signet,' The girl of the period leaned hack in her chair and regarded her companion with undisguised admiration. 4 You really are the most affording people I ever encountered,' she d6olared , frankly. 4 You are all survivals. Stiok a pin in the other story, to keep the place, and tell me,- right here aid -now, about the wonder- witch.' CHAPTER XVH. < Many generations ago,' Guthrie began, < an anoeBtor of mine, a wealthy Magyar from the Carpathians, fell in love with a Romany girl, the grandchild of the queen of a powerful tribe of Toiganies whose head quarters were in that part of Hungary. Tradition describes the young woman as rarely beautiful, with wonder-bright eyes, and the soft- Sowing speech of her people- The Magyar loved well, and the girl met his passion at flood ; but the old woman was adverse. There was among the 'Romany ohals' a suitor whom she favored, and she sought by fair meanB and foul to bring the match abont. Tradition- is hazy as to whether the .gypsy lover was preferred because of tribal prejudices, or whether there was some speoial to my ancestor. Certain it is that the old woman raged, and thwarted the lovers ip every way possible. She appears to have, been a remarkable creature — a wise 'Woman; deeply learned in occultism and many- sorts of- secret know ledge.' She was versed in the Black J Art, a follower of Simon Magna and. a -praotisar of macrin, so that, apartfromSer tribialpoBitiqn, aba possessed an influence with theTzigames well-nigh boundless. 4 Love, however, has a magic of its own, full of potency and might, bo one blessed dark- night the gypsy maiden and the Magyar disappeared together. 4 'Tie said that the witoh-mother oursed hex descendant, then and there, with a curse unique and terrible, faoing to the east, whenoe comes magio, and spreading- her arms, so that the very winds might bear her malediction to its object. And the ourse was that because the young wife had for saken race and kindred for love of the Magyar, her heart should know no other love, either of children, or kindred, or nation, or friends, but under the weight, of one dominanoe should petrify slowly, com pressing and hardening like stone. 'Through the old wonder- witch's in fluence, the curse was passed from .tribe to tribe of the Tziganies until it penetrated to the bride's hiding-place and wrought on her -imagination to such a degree that she siokened. The Magyar did everything in his power to weaken or remove the impress ion, even to attempting to assassinate the oause of the tronble, but without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of the girl and was not to be dislodged. So insistent became her dread that, after the birth of her child, a boy with a Romany faoe and Magyar nature, for whom she oared nothing, the pair returned to Hun gary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witch and obtain a remission: They had just as well have attempted to remove the Carpathians with a glass lever. The author of their woe rejoiced in her power, and took fresh hold. She wrote ont the ourse in a soroll, and would study it, plaoing herself frequently in the young wife'B path and pointing downward at it with her finger. . < To make a long story Bhort, au exoited imagination got itB fell work of superin ducing disease, and the gypsy wife presently died for fear of dying. In that day the .belief in magio held sway, and credulity and superstition were leash hounds to be loosed at a neoromanoer's will. The girl was buried aooordingto Magyar usages, but it is claimed that the Romaay ohals, at the instigation of the old wonder- witoh, spirited away her body, and that its ultimate jesting place was known only to the gypsies. Her heart was removed and ohemioally treated so that petrification really took place. 4 Whether or not the old woman finally ! repented of the indireot murder, and sought to bring good out of evil, tradition does not state ; but it appears that on his attaining puberty, she presented the dead woman's son (and Her own great-grandson) with a curious ring of hand-hammered gold, set with a strange looking signet, the substantia of whioh no lapidist has ever been able to determine, or could without resolving it to its original elements. The stone is heart- shaped, dolled red in hue, and delioately veined with a darker color. It is said to be a bit of the petrified heart. Upon it is engraved a perfect representation of the hucaall nritk Vm 43..— ...... — — ,, v 04 uu the soroll. The outtmg is said by experts to be unusually strong and flue. 4 The magio property olaimed for this ring is that it insures constancy in women. No woman, accepting it from a man, oan falter or turn from allegiance to him. The ring passes from mother to son, a- mode of progress a trifle unusual. - It has on it a Romany inBoription, a free translation of whioh ie, 4 What I love, I desire : what I desire, I grasp : what I grasp, I hold-' 4 The Magyar's son, being half Romany, 1 found out all this from his mother's people, and transmitted it. He married a German, and his son an Englishwoman, and so to the final Ameriaan mixture. The ring, with its history, was given me by my mother.' 4 And a very abominable history it is,' commented Miss Yandan. 'Fancy being betrothed .with an - obnoxious bit of bewitched flesh instead of a nice, wholesome diamond ! It makes one feel orawly and bedevilled only to think of it. And eighteen yearB ago you foisted this unoanny thing upon poor, unsuspicious Ruth Donevan! Yon ought to be ashamed of yourself, Dr. Gutbrie ! To triok your own aooomplioe, , after tricking 'your enemies ! It was a moat shameless and. outrageous performance. Suppose you'd gotten yourself killed, and that dear woman had been compelled to go through life spell-bound to eternal, fidelity to a ghost! What sort of denouement would that have been P' Guthrie parried her attack gayly, de claring that to the ghost suoh a result would have been eminently satisfactory. He even audaciously Maintained that, if the wonder- witch had in truth guarded the position for him, she was an anoestress worthy of honor, as well as the ablest strategist of her oyole. Whereupon Miss . Yandan entered ibe counter declaration that Gnthrie himself would be treasure-trove to the heredity people, as demonstrating in his own person how euoh traits as malevolence and - disregard ' will persist through unnumbered generations. They talked a great deal of nonsense, those two, and with it all Guthrie's spirits improved to the point of considering his case rather hopeiul, and of feeling that, somehow, his hold upon Ruth was renewed. As /or Miss Yandan, her brain actually teemed with plans and suggestions. For the first time in her career she was visibly enfolded with an atmosphere of nnoal- oulating romance; Her soul joyed within her, and every fibre of her being was set on the evolution of a suitable denouement. For the next day or so she and Guthrie were inseparable, and that their oommunion was satisfactory was evidenced by the beatitude When Hugh Donevan reappeared, the young lady promptly took" him into confidence; a proceeding to whioh Guthrie might have objected had he not caught a glimpse of the aroana of another situation. CHAPTER X Yin. Yirtne has need to be its own reward, for in the reaotion after a hard duty has been ; performed, if it were not for the approving conscience, one would have nothing. Even then the oonBoienoe must approve lustily in order to hold misery at bay and make duty appear worth the doing. From her point of view, going away had seemed to Ruth the .best possible oourse, and she had braoed up her nerves, held down her heart, and taken it gallantly. Daring the ride up to the gap, the exeroise, ohange, and her brother's society had made it relatively easy to hold thought quiescent. Nor had the next day been, bad, for her kinswoman was delighted to see Her, and eager in the interchange of inquiries and aooounts of local happenings. . Hugh's return home made a break also, for directions had to be given and messages sent to the servants. It was on the third day that the reaotion set in' heavily. Miss Randolph awoke with a blinding sick headaohe, for which the only remedy was absolute quiet in a darkened .room. ' She was an intelligent woman and a good raconteur, with a fine store of observation and experience to draw on, and the gift of illustrative and sympathetic expression. The house seemed strangely silent without her, and Ruth wandered about- out adrift from her own nsual occupations, and with no others to take their place. This was misery's ohanoe, and it straightway availed itself, pouuoing down like a vampire and driving its beak into her. heart with intent to suck thence the life- blood of courage and hope. Ruth had a very bad time of it, made worse by the strength and soundness of her own nature. Her code was so simple and yet so uncom promising: to love grandly, to trust generously, end to follow the dictates of conscience without shirking or subterfuge— that was all of it. Enough, too, to give body and substance to Buffering as well as to joy. Wearily and" insistently she went over it all, love- playing the gamut from exaltation, through wonder and pain, to renunciation, lingering miserably over the minor chords until life seemed a dirge and strained heartetrings the fit instrument whereon to play it. Andthac the pain was all needless did not make it one bit less hard to endure. To her it was real and tangible, and the thonght that it might be nnneoessary never entered her mind. In the afternoon the innate gallantry of her nature -reasserted itself, imposing a necessity for aotion. The atmosphere of the silent house seemed to smother her, and she ordered her horse. She must get out into ; the open and exeroise and weary her body, so that brain and heart might find relief in physical needs. An unaoknowledged sentiment had caused Ruth always to -use gray cloth for her habits, but she had yielded to convention ality in the matter of head gear. On this trip, however, she had worn Jack's slouch hat, partly from unexplained impulse, and partly from deliberate effort at renewal of old- association. For the latter reason entirely, she rode a descendant of Lapwing and wore the wonder- witch's ring. On the way to the gap she had kept the talk on war topics, encouraged Hugh to reminiseenoe, and even drawn from the oloset of memory mid dusted her own wild escapade. The past, in very truth, was hers, and in it, to her knowledge, was no other woman. So now, in her ride of unreBt, she in stinctively turned her horse in the direetion of the old frame house whioh had witnessed- the olimax of her adventure. It was situated several miles from Miss Randolph's, and during Ruth's former visits had always been occupied, so that, although she had passed it occasionally daring the eighteen years, and was somewhat familiar with the exterior, she had never oroBaed the threshold sinoe that old time of Federal occupation. The situation was isolated, and after the death, many years previous, of the owner, and the dispersion of his heirs, it had been impossible to get suitable tenants for the old house, and; it had gradually graded down, falling into worse and worse handB with each renewal of < ooodpants. At the time of Ruth's last viBit, three years before, it had been in possession of a lawless family of monntaineers, named Wakefield, a morose, evil lot, more than suspected of illicit practices. During this oooupanoy the house degenerated from mere Hn thrift and dilapidation into, the unmistakable aspeet of disrepnto whioh a house oan aoqqire when kept continually in bad company It was suspected that the cellars were need as a depot for contraband whiskey, but for a long time the suspicion went unverified. The population thereaway was sparse, and the Wakefields were known to be keenly averse to interference, and, in both sexes, addioted to the swift use of .fire- - arms, with great certainty of aim. (To be continued.) 