THE NOVELIST. "LADY LORRIMER'S SCHEME." CHAPTER VI. -tho young lady Bailed in soon after tho Aston's arrival, and foil to Alarjorio's share to convcrso with : if indeed alio could bo said to fall to nnyono's share ; for Lady Lorrimor was at no pains to trouble liorsolf about hor hostess's guests. Sho responded coldly to tho introductions, walked over to aho writing- tablo to direct a letter, played a bit with tho pug in o corner, and eventually canio and sat down by Miss Aston, plainly showing, in tho various littlo ways a woman can, that Bho did not consider licr worth any pttantion. ElEe, always ready to talk, prattled on to Mrs. Aston, but tho conversation Opposite languished. Marjorio felt proud and stiff, and resented the snubbing. Lady Lorrimor, having set tho nowcomors inontaily down as 'dowdly aborigines,' hardly attempted to conceal a yawn. Finding no other subjects in common, they fell back at last on the nppcamnco of tho fat pug, who sat betweeu tlieni, lolling out its tongue. 1 Etfie,' Marjoriu at last called across, to tho other group, ' you'vo not beon over to us for so long. Como to-morrow, will youl' Eflio broko off with Mrs. Aston, but instead of answering Mnrjorie, looked across to lady Lorrimer. 1 Certainly ; go if it will nmuso, you, ohild,' nodded tho lnttor, with a littlo tono of. contempt, and loaning back in her chnir ns if the wliolo thing bored her. But, at that moment, tho door opened, and Mrs. Marshall entered, looking rather mora worried than usual. Lady Loraino's wholo manner suddenly changed. Sho sat up alertly, smiled, showing her beauti ful teeth, and looked at him from under hor hnlf-closed lids, in a way sho had. ;Marjorio began to find her intolerable. But, with tho shifting that now began, Mrs. Aston managed managed to secure hor— a thing sho had been pining to do all the time, thereby adroitly, as she imagined, giving Mr. Marshall to Marjorie. Ho sat down besido hor and began to talk books, a subject tlioy had in common. Ellio caino and stood by Marjorio. Tho latter took her hand tondorly. 'II jw cold you aro, dear ! Aro you not'woll?' Not very, I foar,' said Mrs. Marshall. 'Eflio had one of her bad nouralgio headaches this moruing.' ' ' Perhaps it's tho woatlior !' 'Porhaps. Eflie, my darling, go and got . that Gorman book, nnd wo'll ask Miss Aston hor opinion of that passage that bothers us. I am rubbing up my German again,' ho wanton, 'and Eflio is improving hers. I think a little steady reading is so good for her, so quioting.' , Eflio moved towards tho door. Lady Lorrimor slowly lifted her eyes, and followed her with thcin without a word. 'Bid you want uio 1' asked Effie turning baok. 'No, no, child,' she laughed. 'Mrs. Aston here is kindly explaining to mo tho mystories of stocking- knitting. I never could knit, or do anything.so useful nnd shnemilcdearcastically. Marjorio decided that sho was odious. ' In tho meantime,' Mr. Marshall wont on to Marjorie, without paying tho slightest attention, ' if you will just stop into tho library, I will show you tho now books from Studio's, Miss Aston; you might want to borrow some.' . Mrs. Aston watched them out with a fatuous smilo, and Lady Lorrimer fell back in her chair, and yawned again. When they reached tho library, Mr Marshall pointed to the row of now books on tho tablo, but turned abruptly to Marjorie. Do you really think Eflio is not looking well, Miss Aston 1 She has been so bright lately, I thought; ovor sinco a pleasant dinner wo had at tho Bucknalls'. But tho last two days her headaches havo returned.' 3', She has been wondorfuliy buoyant,' Marjorie replied. 'But perhaps enter taining a visitor ' sho could not resist adding. ' Oh, but she is devoted to Lady Lorrimer 1' Mr. Marshall went on. 'I never saw such attachment. Elfio indeed quickly made friends with you ; it's in hor nature; sho is very clinging. But that's nothing to her absolute dovotion to Lady Lorrimor. Tho child does not seem to havo a will of hor own when sho is here— is liko clay in her hands. I can't say I altogether liko it.' ' Lady Lorrimor is an old friond ?' put. in 'Marjorio turning ovor the leaves. ' By no means. Wo camo back from Egypt with hor in tho P. & O. You know wo wore in Egypt last spring. Eflio was ordered a sea voyago by tho doctors, and I was on iny way home from India ; I had her brought out to incet mo thoro. Lady Lorrimor was on board on tho home journey.' 'Sho is very striking-looking,' said Marjorio, hardly knowing what Una to take. '' Vory much admired,' replied Mr. Marshall curtlv. -i -Does alio stay long with youl', ' I really can't say. Efiio insisted on my inviting her, indefinitely. It appeared that on board ship alio had expressed a wish to como and stay. But I fear sho is rather too exciting— exacting — I hardly know how to express it— a companion. What do you think, Miss Aston 1 I know you tako an intorcst in my poor motherless littlo girl.' ' Indeed I do, Mr. Marshall !' oxclairacd Marjorio warmly. ' No one can know Effie without being drawn towards hor — hor littlo taking, clinging ways, and her swcot littlo faco I' Mr. Marshall smiled, but it was a sad smilo, and then ho sighed. Tho library door opened, and Lady Lorrimor sailed in ; she had a particularly commanding way of moving about, and at once ceomed to porvado tho room. ' Sorry to disturb,' sho drawled, showing hoc white tooth, and looking up at the two under her long lnshos; 'but Mrs. Aston wishes mo to say that she really must leavo us — tho damp— her knitting — or her cough, I mean — anyhow tho carriage is there.' « Really, Marjorie,' began Mrs. Aston almost as soon as tho pony-cart had turned tho cornor of tho drive — ' really you should not have left mo alano with that Lady Lorrimer. She was so rudo and disagreeable, I thought. Didn't youl' ' Rather so.' '.J.couldn't make out the whole time if sho wasn't laughing at mo or not. Sho has such an unpleasant way of looking at ono under hor oyolids, liko a half-asleep cat. She's horrid, my dear 1 You should consider mo more. It was most uncom fortablc, dear.' 1 I'm vory sorry, mother. I didn't at all nsk to go into tho library ; it was ' ' Mr. Marshnll, of course,' returned her mother proudly. ' Anyone could bco that with half on oyo. A mere cxcuso for a toto-a-telo! It would nover havo done for you to refuso it. I should havo been most annoyed. Oh, Marjorie, my dear, Darfiold's a sweet place 1 And tlioy say in tho villago ho means to buy it! Oh Marjorio i If ' 'Now, littlo mothor,' said Marjorio firmly, looking down upon nil that was visible of Mrs. Aston nmong a heap of wraps, and speaking as ono might speak to a child that wanted suppressing, ' that subject, you know, is tabooed between you and mo. For oncoaud for all, understand that there is not, nnd never will bo, any qncstion of my — my marrying.' And Mnrjorie gavo the old grey pony a flick as thoy turned into tho quiet rood in tho waning light of the sad afternoon. ' And why should there not bo I' went on Mrs. Aston querulously. 1 I'm sure I don't know. You're not pretty, of course, liko that little thing, or handsome, like that widow woman ; but there's something very attrnctivo about you, I think, Marjorie, when you make tho most of yourself ; and Mr. Adams says your voico is tho most musi ' Mother!' cried Marjorie, suddonly pulling up tho pony dead short ; ' Mother, I can't bear it. If you talk any moro liko that I shall got out and walk, and leavo you to drivo homo alono. Besides, it's very damp from now over the bridgo, and if you talk it will raako you cough.' Mrs. Aston had a mortal terror ol tho old pony, always imagining that it was going to ' do something or other,' so this threat had tho desired effect. CHAPTER VII St. Luke's little summer had como at last. It was a clear, still, warm morning, a touch of mistiness on tho horizon and cobwebs of gossamer still lingering on tho grass and bushos under north walls. Tho colouring of tho world was glorious, rich in tones of orango and russet, gaudy in contrast to tho blue shy above, and shimmering in tho sunlight. Marjorio Aston and her mother sat in tho jutting- out square window of Studloy Grango, nnn of thosn sun.trans our ancostors loved to build. Tho old farmhouse they had inndo a very comfortable reaidenco, and Murjorio's artistic tastes had ndded to its natural picturosqueness. It was on one of Sir Hubert Erie's farm, but the tenant, who rented also the adjoining farm, preferred the modern Bpick-and-span erection of white brick to bo found on tho latter, and had willingly sublet Studloy Grange to the Astons. Mrs. Aston would havo been hard to move from Cerno after her husband's death. To uproot her altogether would havo been cruel, but Studloy Grango was near enough to her old homo to bo as pleasant to her as any abode could be. To-day, as sho sal knitting in tho hay- window, her faco woro a more than usually peevish and discontented expres sion. She looked up at Marjorio, busy finishing her sketch for tho drawing club of which sho was a member, at a table, in a good light. ' No letter from Bill again this week, Marjorio. I assure you I nover lay my head upon my pillow without thinking that that boy is killed, or murdered, or something. It's very hard when one's only son — — Good gracious 1 "What's thatl' A shadow darkened tho window, a tall figure stood in front of it, and a cheery voico called— ' May I come in, Mrs. Aston ' I see you are ' at homo.' This way, oh V And Hubert Erlo pushed back the lattico casement, which was ajar, and inserting first one long knickerbockored leg and then tho other, stood in the little sitting-room. ' Well, Marjorio, how aro you 7 Busy ns over. Mrs. Aston, you don't look in tho least altered ; and what a charming now homo !' Oh, Hubert I' sho grumbled; 'to think of our meeting thus! What changes, what losses, what deaths I It's a sod world 1' ' Not altogether, Mrs. Aston, and not on this glorious morning, surely? How pretty you've mndo tho houso ; and tho garden, how gay still 1 The view always was lovely. Tell me, now, as your landlord,' ho continued, laughing, ' is there anything yon want done? I nover knew a tenant yet but had some wants !' 'This sufficed to sot Mrs. Aston off. The list of their grievances and require ments into which she launched out would fill a page. Sir Hubert listened pationtly, putting in a cheery remark now and again, and standing behind Marjorie, watching hor work. ' You havo got on, Marjorio ! It's awfully pretty ; you re quito an artist 1 (Yes, Mrs. Aston, I quito understand — a now cistern it must bo ; tho old ono is quito worn-out.) "Where's the placo, Mar jorio? I seem to know it— on tho river. (Yes, I'll writo into Loamhampton about it to-night.) What, tho River Seat at Darfiold ? Ah i' Ha stopped, catching his breath. Marjorie's hand shook a little as she plied her brush. It was so familiar ana so sweet to have him standing over her thus, and yot so painful. ' I say, Marjorio,' ho added abruptly, you might givo me that sketch when it's gone round the Club, if you liko, eh 1' Before alio could reply tho door oponod, and tho maid announced — ' Miss Marshall ;' and Elfio advanced with outstretched hands. 'Here I. am at last, Marjorie. Oh! Sir Hubort!' with a glad cry of shy surprise. Then she held out her hand, reddening ; ' I'd no idea you wore back again.' ' I was coming over this afternoon,' ho replied, in a low voice (somohow ho always dropped his cheery, rather loud, tono in speaking to Effie, Marjorio thought), and then ho seated himself in tho broad window-sill, with his faco to tho room, that ho might watch Efiio. To him sho seemed just what was wanting in tho low, dim, old- fashioned apartment— a stray sunboam with her goldou hair, which had wandered in to brighton it up. Mrs. Aston and Effie did all tho talking. Thoy had much in common over knitting and fancy work, nnd both loved tho sound of their own voices. Sir Hubert sat and looked at Eliio, nnd Marjorio was ap parently busy with her painting. But, from tliismomont onward, how sho spoiled what had beon a pretty sketch, putting in hap-hazard, in her tension and uneasiness, all sorts of wrong lights nnd values, smearing hero, and overdoing there. Tho production got but fow votes wlion it went on its rounds, and was consigned to tho back of tlio firo by its author on its return. Tho conversation was not worth recording. Mrs. Aston's never was at tho best of times ; and, ns for Eflio, sho usually merely thought aloud. You could watch the play of hor innocont littlo mind whiio sho prattled, much as you can mark the stones in tho clear bottom of a littlo brook that babbles over them. To Marjorio it scorned as if that morning call would never end. Ono moment it jarred upon her till she could hardly boar it ; thonoxt, sho was reproaching liorsolf, with selfishness, for were not Effie and Hubert both palpably Imppy ? Did sho not know of old tho quiet twinkle, tho lialf-suiilo of coniploto satisfaction which stole ovor his faco as ho sat thoro, his manly figure, his handsome face, framed in the lattice window, witli a background of autumn landscape? The jingling striking of tho 'grand father's clock ' up in thn cornor abruptly disturbed tho stato of affairs, Two minutes later, Effie, all flustered and anxious at boing lato for lunch, was tiurriedly saying 'Good- byo' to Mrs. Aston. That lady put dawn hor knitting pins with what she imagined a Macchiavcliian smile. 1 Are you going bock alune, my doar young lady ? How about that bull — or was it a cow, tho other day ? Now, if I woro Sir Hubert, I siiouid foil that I couldn't do less than seo you safo to tho river.' ' I'm a match for any bull, Miss Marshall. Only try me I' ho rejoined. Effie looked up at him, and laughed a happy little ripple ef a laugh. 'And you said you were coming ovor this afternoon. Why not come back to lunch ? We shall bo out driving all tho afternoon.' 'Good idea. I will with pleasure,' Hubert hastened to reply. ' I wanted — aw— to seo Mr. Marshall, about shooting with me — oho day next week.' 'Then como along,' sho answered, ' or of me 1' ' What a thing it is to bo so precious I' he answered, as they left the room togother. Down on tho placid bosom of tho More tho fish and the insects had mistaken the timo of the year, and imagined it was summer again. Tne gnats and the water beotles were waltzing on and above tho surface of the water; a shoal of bleak scudded by, flashing out upon them, and making havoc in their midst ; while graver' porch nnd pike lay basking in tho sun in gravelly bottoms, till all of a suddon fish and insects alike woro disturbed by tho upward passago of the punt, slowly making for tho River Scat. Tho conversation hod turned, as it often did when they found themselves alone, upon the, to Eflio, ovor absorbing topic of thoir mutual ghost. It was to both a delicious littlo bit of tho past they lmd in common. Hubert liked to watch her tell tho story, to notico her round-eyed, childish, make-bclievo horror, so different from tho real awo which had possessed her when sho first related it. To her, on the other hand, it gavo an indefinable sense of security and confidence to hoar his side of tho talo. His very presence before hor, so big, so strong, so real, seemed to choso away all the supernatural fears which had haunted her. 'To think that it was you I was so frightened of I' laughed Eflio, leaning bock and dabbling one hand in the water. ' But I was frightened of you another time, too.' 'When was that, oh? he asked, advancing closo to her, as ho pushed his polo. ' At that dinnor-party at tho Bucknalls',' Bho replied half "shyly," looking down and drawing lines along the water. 'What was there so alarming about me 1' ' You soemed such a great porson, who hod Rcen so much— done such things— and everyone was making much of you !' ' I'm sorry I gavo you that impression. But you don't think that of me uow V from the other end of the boat. ' Oh dear no 1' laughing. ' Why, I feel — I feel as if I had known you all my life I' 'That's all right. How nico that dinnor- party was, wasn't it ?' coming near again, and looking down upon lior. ' Ever so nico ! Till then, 1 thought diunor-parties were always stupid. But then, I'vo not been to many, you know.' ' I havo ; but never to ono I onjoyod so much.' ReallvP " Really. Can't you guess why ?' from a distance. ' I— don't know — quite,' hesitatingly. ' Shall I toll you?' ho asked, low and earnestly, coming up again and stopping dead short. But a little frightonod look came ovor her faco. ' Oh please,' she said, in a low voice, ' please don't stop ! Wo are so lato ; and seo 'she added, turning half round: 1 there's someone waiting for us at tho River Seat I' Someone, who hod been watching thom ail tho way from tho bend of tho stream, who had marked all tho attitudos, and noted all tho . by-play, and who now, as tho boat shot near tho bank, withdrew under tho hanging weeping willows. As Sir Hubort Erlo stepped ashore, someone advanced out of tho shadow of the tree and confronted him. Ho looked up, started, and criod aghast — ' Li — Lady Lorrimor I' ' Well, Hubert?' olio said, smiling upon him under her lashes. ' How do ?' CHAPTER Vni. Effie stood on the rivor bank, and glanced from ono to the otbor in. surprise. 'You know each other?' at 'last she burst out Lady Lorrimer smiled down upon her. ' Sir Hubort Erie and I are old frieads, my Effie.1 Efiio smiled all ovor. ' 'How nico 1' alio exclaiuied. 'I'm so glad 1' And thon thoy all thrco hurriod up tho Wilderness path which led from tho Rivor Seat to tho lawn and to tho houso. Mr,' Marshall was awaiting thom in tho hall. ' I couldn't imagine whoro you'd got to, rny darling 1' I'vo beon ovor to seo Marjorio Aston, lind — and Sir Hubort brought mo homo, and will stay to junoh, papa,' sho said, brightly. Mr. Marshall's faco unclouded again. It was a vory cheerful meal. Lady Lorrimor, with a sympathetic audience, could bo extremely ontortaining, and in tho prosont instanco sho oxortod hersolf to tho utmost. Mr. Marshall, too, when ho was not worried, was a good talker, and a man who had seen tnueli of tho world, and Ire nnd tho widow kept tho ball rolling between, while roparteo and story flow about tho tablo swiftly. Sir Hubert was amused and attracted, in spite of himsolf, as it woro. Ho bad starter!,. after tho sudden rencontre, with heir g. not a littlo cold nnd distant to Lady Lorrimer. He did not fell at all at case with hor, nnd it jarrod greatly upon him to find her in this house, nnd upon suoh terms of intimacy with Eflio. Ho was not his usual ciicory self at all, nnd somuwlint silent during lunch It would have takon, howovor, a cleverer, moro discerning man, to resist for long Lady Lorriiner's indofihablo influence, whon sho choso to oxort it. Gradually and insensibly, ho found himself thawing to her. From having, at tho first, attempted to keep up a conversation with Effie, leaving tho other two to their Indian talk together, ho found himsolf nlmost imperceptibly drawn into it, and Effie left out in tho cold. The girl could tako no part whatever in subjects sho did not understand, in jokos which were unintelligible, for Eflio's horizon, as befitted her ago, was naturally limited ; and, presently, she found hersolf sitting dumb at tho head of her father's tablo, a most unusual occurrence with this littlo chatterbox. Lunch was a lingering meal. 'You'll sinokol' asked his host of Sir Hubert, ns they straggled out into tbo linli. 1 Como into tho billiard-room.' ' And wo'll como, too,' put in tho widow. ' You two can have a game, and I'll score for you. Effio, child, how white you look. Head bad ngain 1' ' No, not very,' fenced Effie, struggling nmin.1 If ' You should go and lie down for half ah hour, and rest before wo drive.' ' Oh, Lady Lorrimer ?' sho pleaded, not in the least wanting to be sent away. ' I'm sure you'd better, or you'll bo fit for nothing whon wo get over to tho Gillinghamos'. It was the sun on the river this morning; it was qnite hot.' Then that's my fault,' protested Sir Hubert, much concerned, and looking anxiously down into the littlo face. ' I'm so sorry, Miss Marshall.' This quito decided Lady Lorriinor. ' You woro such a long timo coming up in tho punt, weren't you? Such hard work, punting against stream I I saw you, Sir Hubert; exerting yourself tremendously,' she laughed. 'Now run away, Effio darling,' and she turned hor eyes on the girl. . ' But I assure you ' ' Let mo arrange these cushions com fortably for you to rest in this big chair, whoro you dim watch us?' proffered Sir Hubert. 'Nonsonso, child I bo sensible, and go,' said Lady Lorrimor, stroking the fair hair with her jewolled hand. And Eflie walked slowly to tho door without another word, and vanished. 'Sho'll come down quite fresh and bonnie again,' said Lady Lorrimer, ' and Master Arthur Gillingliamo will find her charming I Was that threo to you, Mr. Marshall, eh?' But Sir Hubert was a littlo annoyed, and for some minutes smoked and played on in silenco. With Effio's departure, however, tho conversation soon turned again into more amusing channels. Lady Lorrimer sat on the high divan by tho scoring-board, looking down upon tho players from undor her lashes, and keoping thom alivo with her sallies, and Mr. Marshall, who was dovotcd to billiards, played .his best against no' mean com petitor, and felt vory satisfied with himself and the world. Into this pleasant stato of things entered Simmons, tho butler, bearing a mossage. Someone was waiting bolow to speak to Mr. Marshall. ' Will you excuse mo for a fow minutes ?' tho latter said to his guests. ' I must see this man before tho post goes out.' ' I'll tako your cue whilo you are gono,' said Lady Lorrimer. ' Sir Hubort knows I can play a bit and sho roso languidly from tho divau, and bont over tho tablo. ' Do you remember,' sho added, as tho door closed behind Mr. Marshall, ' that ladies' dinner-party at tho Highlanders' mess, whero wo played billiards after dinner ?' and sho paused in tho act of Burning a Dan, ana liicca nor oyouus slowly, nnd looked Sir Hubert meaningly in the face. 'It seems a long timo ago,' said tho other uneasily, chalking tho top of his cue nervously, and avoiding her goto. ' Not so vory long, either,' sho went on, in a low eager tono, in strange contrast to tho drawl, and leaning against tho table. Not a year, not a year, oven. It was nico in Malta Inst winter, wasn't it?' 'Yes,' lie assented slowly, and half unwillingly. 'The picnics, tho drives with the Tan dem Club (what a good whip you aro, Hubert?), nnd the walks back from parties in tho moonlight 1' ' What's tho good of calling up all that is post, Lilnh ?' ho asked half irritably. T /) fflA /fftftfl nnui Ui.wv « t /. /I a n /I . ? Why should it? It's not so long ago, you know. Wo havo not changod. I — I — don't think I have grown uglier, oh ?' 'and sho camo up and stood closo beside 'him, and smiled showing hor white teeth. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 