HERE AND THERd It is proposed in England to establish^ college for spiritualists. Judging by thfl deliverances of some of the local ghosts, an elementary school for the benefit of de- 1. parted spirits would not be misplaced here, j The city debating societies are doing a. i good service in moderating the fury ct ; Some of Sydney's former fieriest Socialists, more than one of these having become re cently perfect models of political pro priety. A number of the most prominent busi ness men in Sydney have been interviewed :. by 'the 'Sunday Times' on the question of the Governor-Generail's residence, and it» , Influence on local trade. Their opinion* ? will be found on another page. Total abstainers, they eay, are rejoiefnj' at the destruction of £10,000 wo^h o! r. whisky by 'the fire at Henty's bond, Mel- ' bourne. As a set-off to this, however 672,000 pounds of tea were destroyed in tfci same conflagration. A Sydney alderman, recently up Norths told Brisbaneites that for good woodblock ing and cleanliness of streets. Sydney wat not in it with that city ! If that be 60, the alderman in question has every reasoi ?to resign, and give place to a better man. The fate of the Federal proposals rests -a great deal on the attitude which the Upjer House will assume towards them. But ft is worthy of note that two staunch suppir* ters of a scheme fair to New South Wa'ej — S|r Julian Salomons and Mr. Jno. Wept, have been got out of the -way. : The ill-luck attending the three last Re sidents of the French Republic has been ?&- markable. One had to resign for fear of precipitating a rupture with Germany ; me. was assassinated ; and the latest, M. : Faure, has died suddenly of apoplexy « a critical stage in the affairs of his county. In commenting on fcae series of artideSi in the 'Sunday Times' on Foreign mA British goods in Australia, the 'British md: Colonial Printer and Stationer' mentions that during 1898 the British paper tndu was cut into so much in Australasia Has there was a loss of £60,000 compared vitSi . 1897. At the Salvation Army clothing facttry. in Melbourne no wages are paid, but 'g!ar tuities' are given to the workers, ranging from 5s per week upwards. This presuxtr ably frees the Army from a violation cf. the provision in the 'Victorian Factorfei'* Act requiring the payment of a minimum wage rate. Too much is being made of the climaiBs argument just now in respect of the se lection of a certain site. The Federal Par liament need not sit in the Summer, ior would it be likely to. If it were compelled' : to sit all the year round, then the cold oE the Cooma district in Winter would be jxst as objectionable as the heat of other pla-ea in Summer. During the recess Parliament House las . been given a coat of paint, probably t» keep the decorations of railings by the ua- . employed in countenance. Though n» ' amount of paint could make the old buikV' ing look imposing it has to some extent.; ? modified the seedy appearance it presented ? ; at the end of last year. 'Shipwright' writes: — 'I think the cot duct of a Government department cutting down wages should not be tolerated. Thai recognised wages for shipwrights in SycJ- ? ney is 12s a day, and that is actually being: paid by the Government at Cockatoo Island' and elsewhere, but one Government depart ment, which controls some of the work,. 13' only paying 9s per day.' The aspect of political affairs in Franca,' already serious, have apparently not been improved by the sudden death of Mr. Presi- ? dent M. Faure. Though matters were oiit-: wardly quiet in Paris the day following M. ''? Faure's decease, the fear of some military' ? movement was evidently uppermost, aa shown by the fact that the troops were .'' confined to barracks. It is 5x-ssible our r late special cables may throw some addi tional light on the position. The New Zealand cricketers arc appa- ?:. rently a stronger combination th'an was , : generally supposed. New South Wales has already defeated Tasmania, Victoria, and ; South Australia on 'the Sydney Ground, and j in order to maintain tne record of victory, ;' the selectors will, perhaps, b.e wise to makef' : no material alteration in the team to mee* ; the New Zealanders at the end of tibia , week. One incident in connection with tha t ? banking crisis in Sydney has probably never appeared in print. Some of the .? managements — there were banks and banks 1 in those .days — v/ere importuning a high : Government official 'to do something for 1 them. After pleading and begging, in : chorus, they asked: 'Well, can't you re- ? commend something for us ?' 'Yes,' an- 1. swered the of^cial, who is noted for hi3 i plain speaking, 'I'll recommend the Go- ( - vernment to purchase halters .for the lot -,-.- of you.' As illustrating the want of 'alertness ' in ; regard to their own interests in connec- ? tion with Federation displayed .by some of }' our Sidney residents, it may be mentioned that one leading business man £3. the city, ?: in conversation with arepresentative of tho .; 'Sunday Times,' said he was ander the ; impression that Melbourne was oply to be the headquarters of the Federal (Jowrn ment 'for a year,' and seemed quite sur- '' prised on being told that under the Pre- ?' miers' agreement that city is to be the seat'/.' of Government for an indefinite period unttt . the future Capital is permanently; decided. , on by the Federal Parliament. A military correspdndejit of a London exchange draws attention to the absurdity -1 and fojly of bringing home officers and men ? from hot stations at this tune o- .. the year. To see a troopship di3- . gorging her load of shivering men .. ? is a pitiable sight, he says, Moreover, no sooner do the men touch dry land ; thjjj] i they are bowlad over with all sorts of '-com* ' plaints arising from the change of climaUi : and temperature. ' This is, of coursa, an old a,g4 weaithe&-worn Service grieyanca; Which should have been remedied yeaja ago. Some day mayhap it will be. tSyd- = neyites know' what happened to the SQjjdjaa. contingent, who v/e?e kept hours in-- rtSie' rain in their tropical uniforms. In support of our article las.t Sunday am, a. marvellously simple consumption cure, a Sydney doctor sends us the fDlJowlngir33r«j Tucker Wise, in ijtie 'Medical Record**' re-1 commends .the following 'to maintain 'thei health against the world's enemy, cqh-: sumption' : 1. A generous dietary of nitpor genous food. 2. Free vcn'tUalion of dw^l ing and sleeping rooms -l-y opon windo^at :. . with wire gauze blinds. 3. Adequate house warming ;n Winder. 4. Cream and milkfiW'' use must be boiled. 5. Eight hours sloop.' each night. G. A quarter-hour's rest befpje and after meals. 7. The loosest clothingtto ? . he worn, especially round waist and lowiiT' . ribs, to afford absolute freedom in respirst- , - tion. 8. Systematic exercise daily in 'fi*-. : open air en foot. f). Endeavor to takejaj holiday, and while so doing live as muchfcps;1 : possible in the open air. Apropos the depositors' tax. there arc far ' too many banks In Sydney. Some of tneni, '.-. top, a^e tersely traders, and interfere to.*- .-? properly with legitimate commerce. O£. r . course, properties necessarily fall into theSr ( hands- at times, but/ these are fTequent4y T carried, on long after there is any excuse . for it. With the unlimited capital at di)* ppsal, the banks ean crush out oppositiofn, : An instance occurred in another colony ii* cently. A business was seized by tho bank, ? and with a good in.-mager incy nrado-n/a ? great success of i£ for. they were ablov3'.a take advantage pf a c,bea.p market and t*oy a year's supplies, whereas a private trMpa- : man was limited, comparattvply, to a lsan«j- :. . to-mouth existence by tho smaHness of Ws . .. capital. Complaint 'wns made ot this unfaj r 'trading, and tho bank said: '^Vo aae 'traders by compulsion, bat wo TV311 taJao 1410 . much for the cojicern.' But ?when th^t ?;..' sum -was offered it w&a; ttacjljuod; .tfegi bu^L-' { nesjs was too good to part witSs. -..;.' -?? ' ' 