THE I CHAPTER XIX. (Continued.) I 'I had 110 idea of the dreadful vengeance lie was preparing to pour cut on' the poor young wife. I only aipposed he meant to shield his time from the odium which would naturally be showered upon it should the story become known tiiiit he had killed his own .son. I knelt down and took the oath he dictated. ' Then ho says, Marlev, I tome with me,' and I went with him to his suite of rooms on the second floor. ' I did not think of such a thing as resistance. As man and boy I tad lived under his rule, and been subject to his authority all my life, ami I dared not disobey his com uands. ' Opening off his bath-room was a large, square closet, with two windows in it, that we used to store linen and such things in. He ordered me to remove all ''the articles from the room. I did so. Then he told me to take down a cot ted that he used to lie on .some times, and put it in the closet. I did that too. When it was fixed I to his liking lie told me to go into ? the closet and clo.^e the door, and 5 see what the effect would be. I ?i bad no sooner closed tho door than ) I heard tho key turn in the lock, fad he went away. I was a prisoner. Mr. Rokewood came tack after a while, bringing some food and wine. He told mo to keep quiet', that ho would release ] me after a while. ; ' 1 was greatly worried, [and know ' at what to do. There the dead : wdy of my poor young master was ? lying on the lloor in tho dining 'j room, and the wretched widow in t i swoon beside it, and I locked up ?5 ia that far-away closet, unable to 'j'o anything at all. From my win i iow I saw Miss Catherine) put into \ lie Kokewood carriage and driven ; sway. I wondered where she was : !)ing, for Mr. Rokewood himself : at on the box. I found out long Jittcnvards that ho had driven her |;o the Wainsmore prison, delivering her up himself to the care of the ^ officers on the charge of murder. ; ' A few days later I saw the ij hearse and funeral carriages wend iaj their way to the chapel with !j the body of Jerome. Six horrible | souths I stayed in that closet, and [j 1 was only liberated then in con | wjuence of a sickness which came g :pon me. When I recovered suf | iciently to go abont again I gradu p illv discovered what my master | ad done. I was overcome with fi horror at his crime, and begged him | :n my knees to undo what lie had fj lone. But ho refused, and dared k to break my oath of secrecy.' j ' MarJey,' said Mr. Wopping, 5 I shall take you up to tho Gover f, tor's office. You must tell that ; tory to him. There must be a j Midon got for that wronged woman. ! Dead or alive the odium chat rests ; :pon her name shall be removed ; £ had jdive, her name shall be j.- .leared.' ! ' She must bo dead,' said Mar shivering with fear. ' Twice Vo seen her ghost. The first time I as a month ago, when Mr. Roke frood lay a corps in the library, t must have been as late as two I 'clock : the body was in the lib ary, which, you know, has long rencli windows opening on a errace. I wont in to wet the face t tlie corpse, and there at the head f the cotlin, looking down at the :ad face, stood Miss Catherine, screamed — I couldn't help it. !ut the figure disappeared in the hadow of the heavy velvet curtains lat hung before the windows. I f 'arched the apartment a little later ?soon as I could recover myself, i least — but there was; no sign of er then. 'This afternoon I had occasion \- go down into the vaults at the iapel — once a week, you know, it . ? ? ' ? -??? : ? has always been tho custom to take (lowers down and strew on the 1 coffins there — and as I was putting 1 a. wreath on Jerome's a white face : peered out of a shadowy corner, i 1 Marloy ! Marley !' it said, and I recognised her again. It frightened mo so that I was beside myself with fear wdien you drove along. I'm certain it was Miss Catherine's ghost.' Tho carriage was now rolling up the long pine aveliue. ' Perhaps it was Mi.ss Catherine horself,' said Wopping, as they at last halted before tho doors of llokowoor], ' I hope so, for justice shall bo done lior at last.' They wont into tho house, and Wopping inquired immediately for Captain Turtle. Unfortunately that gentleman was not in. Mr. Wopping satT down, determined to wait for liiin. Time passed. The clock struck tho hour of eleven, and still the detective ciime not. Mr. Wopping determined to wait no longer, but arose to to take his de parture. ' Perhaps he has gone to the lodgings,' thought ho. ' I may find him at home waiting for me.' But tho sound of his carriage wheels had hardly died away in the distance ero the figure of the detec tive was seen coming up tho pine avenue- He was ovidoiitly footsore and weary, for ho walked with an effort, and very slowing, as though walking was painful to him. His clothing was torn and soiled, and bedraggled with tho dews of tho grasses, and dirty with tho dust of tho roads. Weary though he was, there was a triumphant expression on his rugged features which was new to them, and told plainly that what ever his quest had been it had ended in unqualified success. Ho went directly to his own apartment, and, pulling off his coat, pepared for a both. He presently emerged from the bath-room, and, bouncing into tho billowy bed, pulled the blankets up snug over his shoulders. The man who gets ahead of mo must bo up early in the morning,' said he, airily. ' I think I'll walk down to Wopping's office to-morrow and claim the twenty thousand dollars reward.' CHAPTER XX. IN EXTREMIS. Mr. Wopping drove rapidly homo and put out his horso before he wont up to his office lodgings. Mr. Wivorly had left town that day for a little journey in the country, and was not expected to return before tho following morning. So there was no light in the oilice to welcome Mr. Wopping as he found his way into the dark passage that led up to his partments, and the portly lawyer stumbled along and felt his way as best he could to the staircaso. Putting out his hand to grasp the newel post, and raising his foot at the same time to plant it firmly on the stgp, it came in contact with some heavy, sodden object that had fallen there. With a feeling of horror Mr. Wopping recoiled from the clammy touch of tho unknown object. ' What can it be?' he muttered, stooping down and putting out his hand. It camo in contact with some straggling locks of hair, and a face that was wet and deathly cold. A hasty ejaculation escaped the kind-heartod lawyer. He fumbled in his pockets for a match, found one presently, and striking it, peered at the limp creature who lay huddled there. 'It is Bane,' muttered Wopping. ' Great heavens ! what can have happened to him while I've been away?' Mr. Wopping quite forgot his two hundred pound avoirdupois in his excitement, and ran up the long flight of steps that led to his office door as lightly as if he had weighed less. Another moment and a stream of light flashed through the room and down the dingy passage, shining on the faintly-breathing heap at the' foot of the stairs. IIo quickly decended again, and i lifted the wretched creature from i his recumbent position. A feeble moan escaped his lips as the lawyer essayed to steady him upon his ! feet. ' Matthew, wdiat has happened ?' . cried AVopping. ''You are ill, you aro dying, and here alone in this dark hall. For Heaven's sake, Bane, what has happened to make you suddenly so much wor.se V' ; Speechless, the Nobody's head, dropped forward upon his breast. Only a deep, long sigh was his reply to the attorney's anxious questions. Ho leaned heavily against' tho ' sturdy figuro of the lawyer, his ] breath coming fitfully and at what i seemed long intervals. Much alarmed, Mr. Wopping seized him in his arms and bore him into the : little office. Then lie saw, for the first time, that a little stream of blood and foam was trickling from Bane's lips and straying down over the shabby clothes. He put the light figure upon the hard, little sofa, and mixed a glass of strong salt and water. ' Drink this,' ho said : ' it will help to stop that bleeding.' Bane drank mechanically. Wopping wiped the damped from his hands and tho llecks of blood and foam from his clothing. ' Something dreadful must havo happened to you,' said he, noticing the dust and grime that covered the poor garments. 'Your cloth ing looks as if j'ou had crawled in the dust and torn your way through the thicket. I find leaves and grass are tangled up in your hair, and your hat is lost entirely. Whero have you been ?' ' To my death,' gasped the No body. ' So I should say. You look like a dead man now, and you would have been a dead man in half an hour longer if I had not found you when I did.' 'You have ever been a kind friend to me, sir,' whispered the Nobody, humbly. ' I always mean to be, too.' ' Ay ; kind friends are few in this world,' said Bane, faintly. 'You are ypur own worst enemy,' cried Wopping. ' You take no care of yourself whatever ; you live like a. hermit; and refuse to consult' a- physician. I'll tell you what, Bane, I'm going, down for a doctor myself: You must have — and,. I say shall, have medical attention. Gad ! jt is no thing more nor less than self-murder that you are trying to do in this neglect of your health. You behave exactly as if you wished to die and dared not resort to sharper measures in order to secure your object. I'll have a doctor here.' 'Not to-night ! .On, no, not to night, Mr. Wopping!' feebly en treated the wretched creature. ' I am better now, far, far better. Do you not see it yourselves ?' ' I can see for myself, Matthew, that you are very obstinate and self willed. You have had your way too long.' The Nobody groaned and turned his face to the wall. The mute, despairing action touched Mr. Wopping to the heart. ' I don't mean to be cross with you, Matthew,' said he, hastily, ' but I would be just, since you will not deal justly with yourself.' ' Mr. Wopping,' said Bane, in a whispering voice, ' I do not doubt your motives. Believe mo when I tell you that there aro reasons which make it impossible for me to con sult a physician in regard to my health - obstacles not to be sur mounted.' ' You are mistaken. I know your reasons, Matthew.' ' No, no,' cried the Nobody, starting up in wild dismay, 'you do not - you cannot.' ' I tell you that I do know them. And they are foolish ones. It is only a feeling of false shame on your part— a feeling of false pride which prevents you from accepting the aid I have, so often wished to, giye you. The reasons you speak of aro monetary reasons. Don't deny it.' ' I ' If I could only dio,' muttered .' Bane, between his white lips, ' but I I can't.. I am cursed with lifo.' i Mr. Wopping lighted a. fire ir, tho 1 grate, and sat down somewhat moodily before it. ] ?Ho w is worried and anxious over j the s! range perversity manifested b\' i the Nobody That the services of a competent physician were really I needed by tho forlorn creature Mr. AVopping could plainly see, but I Bane resented tho idea so bitterly i that, perplexed aod ballied, the : lawyer sat down to think it out for : himself and decide upon the line of : conduct best to pursue. ' If you will add ono more to tho man}' acts of kindness you have shown me,' said Bane, struggling to a sitting posture, ' and help mo to my room, I will ho veiy glad. I cannot get there alone.' ' No,' said the old lawyer, ' I wont help you.' ' Mr. AVopping ? ' ' Because you shall not leave this oflico until you are decidedly better. If you go up into that tky parlor by yourself who knows what might happen to you before morn ing ? Here you are, and here you stay until daylight.' Banc tried his best to 'stand up right, but he could not ; lis sank back on' the lounge exhausted by tho effort. ' Mr. Wopping,' cried he, weakly, ' if 1 must, remain here will you not push the lounge closer up in the corner ? I want to lie in the shadow of tho book- case.' Mr. Wopping rose hastily and pushed the lounge in the corner desired. 'You always seek the shadows, Matthew ; why is it J' ' Tlioy are fit emblems of my life,' returned tho Nobody, as the couch rolled back against the wall. ' What arc fitter companions to my shadowed life than the shadows that .now enfold me, or the deeper, darker shadows of tho grave to which I go?' CHAPTER XXI. MR. JEAKLES CLAIMS THE REWARD. Bright and early the ensuing morning the Chicago detective arose, and after a light breakfast took his departure for the attorney's office. Pie arrived in town at an unusually early hour, and reached the brick lodgings, only to find the shutters still closed and no signs of life anywhero visible. Tho truth was, Mr. Wopping had fallen asleep in his easy chair before the fire and had not yot aroused from it. However, early as Captain Turtle had flattered himself that he would be .upon tho scene, ho found a sin gular couple there in advance of him, who were evidently waiting, with what patience they could mus ter, for the appearance of the attor ney. The Captain instantly recognised in tho stumpy little dwarf an old acquaintance. ' Hello, Jeakles,' cried lie, where in tho world did you drop from, and what aro you doing here ? Are you in trouble again and in search of law ?' Mr. Jeakles wagged his big, red head in the negative. ' I've had ull the trouble I kin stand — me and Sairy Ann, here,' replied the showman ; ' we're not a sufferin' for any more law, either, Captain. That danged willain wot got our money in Shekawgo, you know, up and bust jail, and cleared for parts unknown, in spite o' all we could to prewent him !' ' You don't say so !' ' Yes, I do say it ! Wot's the use o' law when it can't keep fellers from bustin' jails as orter livo in 'em alius?' ' That's a conundrum. Ask me something easier,' said the detec tive. ' We ain't after no law,' piped Mrs. Jeakles, plaintively; 'we're after somethin' a good deal better nor that — somethin' richer and more attenin' to poor folks than law is.' The Captain laughed. ' I would liko to know what ; ? ;hat can bo,' cried tho detectivo, fitting down on a bench iiai*l by , he office dcor. 'What on earth, ny good woman, is richer than t .aw ? ' 'This is ! ' said Sairy Ann, whip- ' ping a crumpled hand-hill from her pocket and spreading it out on his icnee, 'this is, Mr. Turtle.' It was Captain Turtle's turn to reel surprised. ' Whero did you got that hand bill and what good will it do you?' iskcd he, quickly. ' This adver tisement oilers a reward to tho por 3on or persons who can bring in formation of Catherine ltokewood. Surely, Mrs. Jeakles, you don't know anything of her, do you ?' ' I don't hey ?' cried Sairy Ann, tossing her fuzzy lv ad. 'What's tho reason I don't know anything of her ? Tell mo that, won't you, since you're so awful smart ?' ' Why, good gracious !' ' I daresay you can ' good gracious ' if you like, too ; nobody's to hinder ; but, when it comes to takin' in this hero twenty thousand dollars reward, Sairy Ann Jeakles is the person that does it,' cried tho showman's wife, triumphantly. ' Would j'ou mind tolling mo about it?' asked the Captain. ' Of course, we'd mind ! ' re torted Sairy Ann. -'Keep a pad lock on tliein ar lips o' yours, Mr. Jeakles ; don't you go to givin' away this plum to ary detectivo, for a forchin is in it. Blum's tho word, Henory.' Thero was a little bustlo in the office at this juncture, and almost immediately Mr. AVopping opened the door. ' AVliy, bless my soul,' ejaculated he, starting back in astonishment as Mrs. Jeakles bounced past him into tho oflico. ' Who havo wo here, Captain ? ' Before tho detectivo could reply the showman thrust a card under ' the attorney's nose. 'Read that,' said Mr. Jeakles, drawing himself proudly to his full height, which, alas ! was still much less than the regulation stature. ' Read that, sir, and you'll get the k'reck information.' AVopping glanced at the address. It read simply : 'The Intelligent Couple.' ' I'm afraid that I don't under stand any better than I did before,' said AVopping. 'Je whiz!' ejaculated Mr. Jeakles. 'Not understand that card ! Why, good Lord ! it's plain as Sairy Ann's nose over there.' ' It's alius Sairy Ann's nose, or Sairy Ann's hair,' began Mrs. Jeakles, plaintively. ' Or Sairy Ann's woice,' inter rupted the showman. 'Alius Sairy Ann's woice. You can bet your bottom dollar on Mrs. Jeakles' woice, gentlemen. It's all on ac count o' that wonderful woice o' hers that yours truly has quit tho show business and gone to lecturin'.' 'What do you want here ?' asked AVopping, with a puzzled expression, and feeling a strong inclination to laugh. ' Perhaps you had better sit down and state your business.' ' Pr'haps we had,' said Mrs. Jeakles, plumping her down on an office stool ; ' but the bizness won't take long.' ' AVe've come to see about takin' in that twenty thousand dollars re ward,' observed tho showman, calmly. ' AVhat !' ' Didn't you offer twenty thousand dollars reward for news of that Catherine Rokewood ?' cried Sairy Ann, bustling up, ' and didn't you paint it in black and whito ? and air you a tryin' to get out of payin' it now ?' ?MMnamnnaBBnBiam 