THE 8T0BY-TELLER. DICK'S GIRL. BY SOLUS. t r Alitor of "Salfrbusli and Mallee. ILiite glide! along 'very uneventiuiiy in i Ithe littie Cornish village of Tamston in | ttilie early fifties, eo that the news of Dr. | Kingsley'e death one summer's morning wag j not only discussed all over the village iritk j the deepest interest, but old rumours which j had in times past hovered about the old ' square stone-built bowse—known as "Dr. j Ivingsley's" for half a century past—were ' again brought to mind aud aired by the , busy tongues of the villagers. It was re called how in the "old" Kingsley "s time sto- ; rics were rife of the wild doings of "young"' , Kingsley, elder brother of Dr. Dick (who : had just died), and old Kingsley's heir. ' Dick was a medical student then, and j "young" Kingsley, otherwise Jim, was sup- j posed to be qualifying for the army. He i was, however, going to rum under the aus- j pices of one of the fastest "sets" in London. I Impetuous, and with no self-control to ' speak of, he plunged recklessly into a wild course of drinking and gambling, which j ended in his suddenly talcing flight for Aus- ; tralia, and leaving behind him an aecumula- j tion of ^"debts of honour," to pay which ! "old" Kineslev «;inilWr-cri the wlinln of his i "old" Kingsley sacrificed the whole of his f or inn e and mortgaged his property. When ] he died, all 'lie had. to leave Dick, who had just taken his degree, was the old stone built house and the village practice. Here Dick settled down, and by aud by married. His wife was a delicate woman, aud the doctor divided his devotion between her and his practice. The income from the latter was not large, and when he had paid iblie interest on the mortgage of the house each quarter, and set aside the sum ne cessary to send his wile away for her an nual holiday by the sea, there was but little left wherewith to pay for the education of Isabel, their only child. Of his brother Jim, tlie cause of his straitened means. 110 tidings ever came. No-w and then the spirit of emigration stirred in the little vil lage, and one or more of the inhabitants would be moved to pick up personal belong ings and set sail for the "goldfields." So it came about that the doctor, during a pro fessional visit to an old woman in the vil lage was asked to "be so good" as to read a letter which he had just received from her son. The old dame, proud as she was of receiving the letter, was quite unable to read it, and the doctor good-naturedly lead it aloud to her. It was full of news of life the hush and in camp—of no particular interest to Dick—but one remark to the effect that the writer had '"heard" of a : James Kingsley "up the Murray," : who had an extensive sheep run and ' was reported to be doing very well, j caught his attention aud remained in : his memory. That very night he wrote i a letter to James Kingsley, on the i chance of his proving to be his brother. In it he detailed the straitened condition 01 his means, his wife's delicate health, and more than all, his anxiety for Isabel's future should she lose her parents. This letter he dispatched to the somewhat vague address he had gleaned from his old pa tient's letter, and waited during the follow ing months in hope of an answer. But none ever came. Gradually his wife faded, and at last died. She had not been dead for more than a few months before he himself succumbed to a long-standing heart affec tion, and Isabel was left in the old stone house, with but a few pounds wherewith to face an uncertain future. Now, quite unknown to the doctor and his wife, Isabel's life had already held its romance. During one of her holiday visits with her mother she had met and attracted Douglas Canneys, a tall, well-set-up Briton, just fresh from Oxford. Their happy holi day oomradeship rapidly ripened into a strong attachment on both sides. But Douglas Canneys was fortuneless, and too honourable to ask Isabel's consent to be his wife before he had a fair competence to offer her. He bade her farewell on the beach one summer's evening, and set sail a week after to seek fortune for himself and his beloved in that land of promise— Australia. But though there was no formal engagement, each was bound to the other by a mutual feeling of love and deep trust, and Isabel waited in unfaltering patience for the time when Douglas should return and claim her. After her father's death she stayed with her cousin Ruth, then but lately married. And when Ruth's husband concluded also to try fortune in the land of the south, she eagerly acquiesced in the proposal that she should accompany them, and he a companion and friend for Rutli and her baby. The hope of hearing of Douglas Canneys became very bright, and grew iri brightness all through the period of the voyage, the journey "up country," and the establishment of Mr. Harvey as Manager of a large slieep run. And so closed chapter one of Isabel's life. It was a sultry Australian day—as sultiv ; indoors as out. The house was a typical : Australian bush one, built in utter disre- 1 gard of all the rules of architecture. In fact, the kitchen door opehod on to the front verandah, and close to the dining room door (which latter also opened on to the verandah). Behind the two rooms to whu-li these doors belonged was a small bed-' room, then the station storeroom, beyond which was another bedroom. The dining room (which was also the sitting-room) was occupied by the Manager's wife, Ruth Harvey, her baby, and her cousin, Belle Kincsley. "Heigho!" sighed Belle, "this day is going to be what your husband calls a 'real Aus tralian brickfielder.' " Belle's prophecy proved to he only too well founded. The numerous sheep pads that were near the house were cut up into a fine red powdery dust by the never-end ing stream of sheep which passed day and night on their way to the troughing round the well at the back of the house. Later on the strong north wind set in with vio lence, bringing with it a perfect wvalanehe of dust. It drifted through the old shingle roof, much to the consternation of old Mrs. Butters, who was employed at the Knob as eook and housekeeper. "Lank-a-daisy, mann!" she exelaimed, "tnis do beat everythijig. And how I am to get you ladies a blessed bit of diuner, I don't know. If our plates will be filled with dust." "Oh!" «aid Belle, suddenly, "I have thought of a plan to prevent us from being' altogether smothered," and pointing to a large chest of drawers that stood in one corner of the room, she took a large table cloth in her hand. She opened the top drawer, and, inserting the cloth a few in ches, <iosed the drawer again, and stretch ing the remainder of the cloth orer the chairs, made a land of tent. The bahy's ciladlc, containing the sleeping child, -was first jnit under this improvised tent, then the two ladies crept in themselves. Mrs. Butters handed them their dinner, ready cut on plates, and they dined, squatting on the floor, Turkish fashion. After a time the baby woke up, and provoked a merry shout of laughter from Belle. He certainly presented a peculiar appearance. While he lilad slept, bathed in perspiration, the dust had collected upon his head and upon his eyelashes. Under each, eye was a heavy red rim, and his hair was also red, and stiffened with mingled, perspiration and dust. "Oh. dear," laughed Bell, "lie loots just like a lied Indian. If we only had a few feathers and scalps for him, he would be a veritable young copper-skin." The storm raged all day, Mrs. Butters de: clariug that the "devil himself" must hava raised i't. 'Twas red, she declared, like his own fires. But towards evening its fury abated, but not before it had done a piece of work which was to have an important after-effect upon Belle's fortunes, as will appear later. In the evening the station bullock-driver arrived at the Knob, and, meeting the station hands at the men's hut, gave tliem a graphic and forcible account of the day's storm on the plains. "Why, my boys," he exclaimed, "I have been buried to-day and-dug up again. The dust was in freat black clouds enough to blind a fellow. could not see the track, so I slewed the bullocks round, and sat down near the wheel of the dray. I suppose I must have dozed off a bit, for I dreamt I was being put into a. coffin and being nailed down. So I gave a yell, and, says I, 'No you dont.' 1 woke up, and found I was nearly buried in i the dust. I had a real deuce of a job to j draw my legs out. The poor bntfces of bul locks had lain down, and the duet had drift ed in a heap against their sides, so I had to get a spade from the dray and dig the bullocks out." This highly- coloured account fetched the men mightily, and was received [ with laughter and cheers. Nevertheless, i the dust drift had been deep enough to hide a quart pot which had beeu carefully - "planted" near a small heap of stones by the side of the track. Had ne found it and opened it, it Is more than probable that Belle would not have received a happy sur prise as soon as she subsequently did. However, this is by the way. 'jL'lie next day dawned clear, and, alUiouga hot, was tempered by a. cooi south breeze. In the afternoon Belle felt tempted to ride out arid, enjoy the refreshing change. 80, mounting her favourite mare, Pussie, ana waving a gay adieu to Mrs. Harvey and the baby, she set off towards the plains. Mrs. Harvey turned back into the house, and baby having considerately composed himself for a sleep which bid fair to last for some rivo or three hours, she prepared to spend the afternoon in mailing the dining-room somewhat more bright and cheerful than it had been left by the previous day's stonn, and in preparing an extra-nice tea for Mr. Harvey and Belle. But the sui was nearly fading, and Belle had not returned. Mrs. Harvey became slightly anxious, and, walk ing out to the verandah, peered along to wards the track by the woolsheds. At length Belle appeared. She was walking, or rather stumbling along, and leading Pussie by the bridle. Her face was white and bleeding, her habit torn, and, as Mrs. Har vey perceived on her near approach, she was trembling violently. "Oh, my dear Belie!" exclaimed Bins. Harvey, "whatever is the matter!' You look like a ghost." "Oh, llutkie, dear, tell Jim to take the I horse, and let me tell you and Edward what I have seen." She hurried into the sitting-room, where Edward was sitting hard at work over I sheep returns, and sank into a chair. Mrs. Harvey, alarmed, followed her cousin, and Belle excitedly began the story. "I rode out past the woolsheds, and along ; the track towards the plains until 1 came near that patch of malice scrub. As I came near a dog came towards me howling most piteously, and then ran back amongst the ; malice trees. I followed him towards the biggest trees, and I saw what I took to be a man leaning against the trunk of one of, them. I called to him—'Have you lost your way?' but there was no answer. 1 rode a little nearer, and Pussie he'gan to plunge and rear, and refused *to be guided to wards the figure. At last she gave a wild snort, and one terrific buckjump, and threw 1 me quite close to the object." Here poor Belle began to sob distressingly. She had evidently sustained a considerable shock. With an effort she continued her narra-: tive:—"As I fell I saw that it was a man. Bis eyes were open and staring, and his lips were drawn back from his teeth. His feet were off the ground, and a chain was round his neck. 1 could see by his dreadful appearance that he was dead. The fright and the Ml must have stunned me. 1 must have fallen and lain there some time close to that blackened corpse. When I' came to any senses the dog was licking my face." Belle was again shaken with sobs as her memory recalled the weird scene, the rays of the sinking sun lighting up the dead face with horrible distinctness, and the wind sighing in the trees. "I got up and tried to get the dog to come away with me for company," she went on, '"but lie would not leave the spot, and howled directly I began to move away. The pite ous sounds followed me till 1 was out of hearing. Oh, But hie, I oan see it all now, . and hear that dog howling yet," and Belle : covered her face with her hards, as if to i shut out the sight. Her cousin did her best to comfort and console her, while Edward Harvey asked two or three questions, and decided upon a plan of action. As it hap 5>ened Edward Harvey was the only J.P. for miles around. He therefore dispatched Billy Drew, the black tracker, to the near est police station, with a request that the • police sergeant should meet him next day at the spot where the corpse was hanging. This arrangement was earned out. Tire next day he set out with three or four men, who took with them a horse and dray and a sheep hurdle. They were met at the tree by the sergeant of police. The. dead body was taken down, laid on the sheep hurdle, and lifted into the dray. It was conveyed thence to the Knob, and put in an outside shed. An inquest was at once proceeded with . Twelve men, wool washers who were employed on the sta tion, formed, a Jury. Poor Belle had to give her evidence under the fire of their ad miring gaze. Very sweet she looked, clad in her white dress, and with rolls of soft., fair hair coiled round her head. Iier pale face still bore traces of the shock she had suffered, and its expression of gentle sad ness, while appealing to the sympathies of some, but added to her attractiveness in ; the eyes of others. One of the younger men remarked that '"it was worth while one's ! hanging one's self to be found by such a charming young lady." The only other evidence taken was that of a man who _ kept what is termed in Australia a "wine shanty." He gave evi dence that the dead man had stayed a night at his place about a week previously, when by his manner he had evidently been indulging in a heavy drinking bout. His manner was peculiar. He had walked up and down his room all night, saying, "I can't face her; I have behaved like a rougue." He had been away from the wine shanty two days, and so the i#» quest concluded. Mrs. Harvey had strongly urged her hus band to get a coffin made. He, in linn, had tried to get the men to help him make one, but they all refused, saying they would not lift the body in even if there were a coffin. The funeral .procession consisted of the ; i woolwasliers, the police' sergeant, Edward Harrey, and the other station men. Be "tor-e leaving the house, Mr. Ewens, the ser geant, had said to Mrs. Harvey, "Will ypu | lend me ,a prayer-boot to read, the burial service from? We cannot bury this poor fellow lite a dog, whatever his sins may have been." The little band reached the whites' bury ing place, and these roughly-garbed, un shaven men stood solemnly, with uncovered heads, round the grave. A pause in the service, and the sheep hurdle was brought to the edge of the grave. Although great care was exercised in dropping the body in gently, it fell in a tumbled heap, with a dull, heavy sound. The poor, blackened body, fully clothed in moleskins, heavy boots, felt bat, and.'red shirt. (To be continued.) 