? -•at IM • \v •.:<;< The question recentlyraised a« to •whether the W.AT.C.shouldpermit Perth suburban clubs to 1 tace on dates allotted to Gold fields clubs was satisfactorily answered on Saturday last. The attendance at Canning Park •clearly proved what Clare's has all along contended that the holding of •suburban meetings does not interfere in a perceptible degree with the Gold- £elds fixtures. Most of the principal owners, trainers, jockeys and nietallicians were absentees at Canning Park on Saturday, while the best of •our horseB are now on the fields. Those that raced at Canning on Saturday would not have gone to the Goldfields in any caBe. Whatever injury tnq,y result from a collision of dates, falls upon the suburban and not the -Goldfields clubs. This is as it should be for the suburban proprietary clubs must stand prepared for any loss that may be occasioned through their holding meetings contemporaneously with the rich Goldfields clubs. It is doubtful if the Canning meeting was responsible for the absence of a single horse or even visitor at the Boulder "meeting. The racing at Canning Park on ^Saturday waB interesting, the public haying much the best of it until Nebuchadnezzar came to the rescue of the pencillers in the last event—the Park Handicap. Odds of 6 to 4 were laid on Tidal for the Hurdle Race, while even money was easily obtainable about his Solitary opponent Donovan. The little grey waited on Donovan until about half a mile from "home, when he took command and won as he liked by three or four lengths. Donovan is not well at present and it is probable that the Nor'- West horse will revenge Saturday's defeat when they next meet. Tidal, though fairly fast and a good jumper, does not give one the idea of being a weight-carrier. A dozen saddled up for the Kensington Handicap; the Malua filly Wairiri was made favorite, while Tellaheen, Loch Isle, and Thunder were the most fancied of the others, lioch Isle led into the straight, but Wairiri soon collared the Lochiel •gelding and won easily by a couple of lengths.' Black' Demon was third. Wairiri is pecbaps the speediest twoyear-old in the colony, and her decisive win is the more meritorious when it is remembered that the distance was carved out in 1mm. 3sec. Fellaheen and Loch Isle divided favoritism for the High Weight Handicap; liberal odds being obtained about the others. Thunder and Aqua were the first to show in frpnt but at the turn Loch Isle held command •closely attended by Fellaheen, Aqua and Thunder, At the distance Loch Isle increased his advantage and tunning as tru? as steel won easily by a good length from Aqna, who was half a length in front of Fellaheen, who lost a lot of ground by running wide at the turn. Towton's two-year-old Criterion was installed favorite for the Maddington Stakes, odds of 5 to 4 being freely accepted. by • backers. > < Towards th end of the betting a fairish commission was executed in favor of Maggie. .Aggie led at the turn attended by Pluto, Criterion and Irene, but when fairly in the straight, Maggie put in a ^claim and at the distanpegot on even terms with Aggie. The grey, mare had Jattle difficulty in shaking off Aggie, and won with plenty in hand byAbouttwo -lengths. The favorite . w,as i moderate third.; This is the third occasion lately on which Criterion tofts gone 4own sto the dismay of . f favorite" backer!, .; , j .>w •* ,;, -Early Morn was favorite for the being eagerly accepted aboutthe > mare. . On the strien&rth; of a < 'stafele"iw>nimls8ioh Gordon Ida • injtp . the W former ^'MfellMl MiiMjM^iJ𝔑' representative, ^nentAtive, winning wwith %ith all sail; up by'to. cotlple of lengths. Thistle half a length away just defeated Pluvius tor third honors. The Cup winner, Mural, with the steadier of 9st. 61bs. was made favorite for the last event on the card, the Park Handicap. At first the bookmakers were not anxious to lay more than even money against the Carbine colt, but at the finish 2 to 1 was freely on offer. The colt did not look too bright, which accounted for the liberty ta'ieu with him by the fielders. The Bunbury mare Primrose, was greatly fancied and at the fall of the flag was almost an equal favorite with Mural. Taihoa and Henley were moderately supported while Nebuchadnezzar and Casino were almost friendless. Odds of 20 to 1 were offered against the " King of Jews," but backers would have none of the hollow-backed bay at even that price. His ignominous running in the High Weight Handicap completely scaring off any reckless punters who might otherwise have felt inclined to risk a sovereign or two on him at so liberal a price. Casino was the first away and led along the back by several lengths. On the stretch to the turn Henley and Mural overhauled Casino, and entered the straight hotly pursued by Primrose and Nebuchadnezzar. At the distance Mural was slightly in front of Henley, while Primrose and Nebuchadnezzar were gradually overhauling them. Hiscutt kept the favorite going, but when within thirty yards of the post Nebuchadnezzar ^unexpectedly shot out, and with si. brilliant run won an exciting race by a long neck from Primrose, wbodefeated Mural for second honors by about halfa-length. Nebuchadnezzar's victory gave the Ring almost a " skinner," while the few who ventured & halfsovereign upon him in the tote received the handsome divy of <£14 15s. Triangle, who started in the Highweight Handicap at Canning Park last Saturday, had hardly rounded the turn when the winner past the post. The gelding on his running would not have a ghost of a chance, even in a decent up-country hack race. It was ridiculous to start the old fellow in such company. His. owner 1 must indeed be an expert in the art of " placing " them. Nebuchadnezzar, the King of the Ring gelding, conqueror of Mural and - Primrose in the Park Handicap at Canning Park on Saturday, was once owned by Bookmaker Harry Haines. The hollow-backed bay did not long remain an inmate of Haines' stable, for.Harry was glad to part with him for a modest fiver. He «vas resold by the purchaser for ^similar am bunt. , Loch Dee, the champion pony of this colony, weighed put fpr thei Paddington Stakes at Canning Park on Saturday, but he was so sore and stiff in the shoulders that Hiscutt was unable to raise even a preliminary canter. The condition of the colt wals pointed out to the stewards, who ordered him back to the paddock. As Lock Dee was not in the starter's hands his sup e tiffin J-^S^.r/W ^ W Carbonftte ^on thfe'Bufch 8tfce|leohweat the Boulder on Monday last. This is I®"? the big son of Coronet has won lnth e ™* 8t ' The W.A.T.C. will distribute £1030 in stakes at the Easter meetingto be held on April lBt and 3rd. Nominations for all events close on the 10th prox. The Kalgoorlie Summer Cup looks a good thing for Fadladeen. Speculation or Brayleigh should win the Handicap. The Kidman stable almost scooped the pool on the second day of the Boulder meeting. Blackwood won the Boulder Cup in hollow fashion by biz lengths from Avenger, Tapean—the Boulder Handicay winner—being third. Blackwood's defeat by Tapean in the Boulder Handicap resulted in a hostile demonstration towards the rider (Strickland) who was carpeted and severely cautioned by tbe> stewards. The Vengeance gelding was ridden in the Cup by the well-known lightweight, T. D'Earth, who never left the race in doubt after the first six furlongs. Hucrh Trumble interviewed in Melbourne : " With regard to the selection of the Australian Eleven, I can tell you only nine men are picked at present. We shall, of course, have to pick two more to make up the team to play in Sydney. Beyond that we have settled nothing, not even the number we are going to take. It may be 13 aud it may be 14—1 cannot say ; yet. We have not decided anything. Uutil Gregory, Darling and I tueet nothing will be settled." ••-"'"v: • '' Corbett had better p^k up his clothes and leave 'for the' scenfe of hisboyhood days, says " Bantam". of New Orleans, for the sporting folk of the East are ** onto " his dark ways, and ' they : have finished paying attention to hliii,. V Geiitteman Jim." IS outof feshion, and. be is regarded as hkving a caterpillar heart; with a pantB button for a head, even if -he did once work in a bank. - . With the recent match at the Sydney Ground between Victoria and N^w South Wales this Summer's competition for the Sheffield Shield closed, and, as every one is aware, Victoria won the right to hold the trophy the fourth time in seven years. New South Wales has won it twice, and tiouth Australia once, Since the competition was inaugurated in 1892-3 each colony has played 28 matches with the results appended:— Mobs. Won. LoBt. Victoria ... ... 28 17 11 New South Wales 28 14 14 South Australia 28 11 17 The staff of ClareV assumed a new r61e on Friday l&8t,wheh they played a cricket match against li team representing Cremorne hardens. WK won—otherwise this par. might have been inadvertent y omitted. The theatricald batted first, but were all dismissed, for 88\. CLASS'S team totted 111 before the last wicket fell. In the second inhioKs Ciremorne lost four wickets for 4 1 ?. Thisbeing our first win, the tennr ierailS:1oufc for other scalps. We have only a dozen to select from, but are all triers—from the editofto the devil. •;-..„• In his 88 at Bathurst against the Victorians Howell hit two fives and five fours. _ W. Bruce interviewed in Melbourne on the N.S.W. v Victoria match, said: "It seems to be generally understood in Sydney that Darling will be captain—in fact, I think it is a foreg ne conclusion. Jack Deasy, the well- known trainer, tells a good story of the late Tom Gurney. The Melbourne contingent, of which Gurney was the life, had just landed in Laun. ' or^wu. lejiomswhiift sembled "Augur" Chapman, of the " Australasian,'' was walking up the street with some friends when a gentleman seized hiui by the hand and said, " How do you, do, Mr Augur?" Gurney cordially exchanged, the greeting. The Islander looked puzzled for a moment before asking " But you are • Augur,'are you not ?'' "No, I'm not," merrily replied Tom, "I'm his little brother Gimlet. Good morning." A cricket match, W.A. Tattersall's employes v. CLASS'S WEEKLY, will take place on the Esplanade to-morrow (Friday) afternoon. It is reported that the Boulder club lust over £400 over their summer meeting The non-success of the meetingiB attributed to the unpleasant weather and consequent . sparse attendance. The club also got at loggerheads with the pencillers, who refused to pay the. betting fee of J&10 demanded. The bookmakers offered to pay theulub £2 2s per day,but naturally refused to pay J£10 10s—the annual licensed fee— to u club whose meeting they may not ngiiin attend this year. It is questionable whether any of cur racing clubs under the lately passed Betting- Act are legally entitled to charge a fee. Under present conditions friction between the clubs and the pencillers can only be expected. The W.A.T.C. should look into this matter, and determine the feeB country clubs are entitled to in accordance with the importance of their meetings. The premier club when granting dates to country clubs should clearly speoify the fee to be charged book- makers. Country clubs should not be permitted to demand payment of the annua) betting fee. Let them^as in other parts of Australia, charge so much for the day or for the meeting. Leon Moore has been displaying great form with both bat and ball this' sea- 601) at Maitland. For the Pearls against Morpeth he compiled 214 not out by dashing cricket, without giving a chance. He hit one 5 and twenty-nine 4's. Moore's scores this season are: 22, 13, 12, 10, 106, 151, 30 not out, 129 not out, 58 not out, 25, 101 not out, 25, 55 not out, and 214 not out —an average of 118.8. Drawers of placed horses iu W.A. Tattersall's (J. Charles) consultation on Boulder Cup, which closed with 3,482 subs, and was drawn publicly on Monday, the day of the race, in Cremorne Theatre, were : First (Blackwood) JE348, Jones and Dalten, Perth ; Becond (Avenger) JE69, Miss Wills, Coolgardie ; third (Tapean) £34, J. Lloyd, Victoria Hotel, Ealgoorlie. W.A. Tattersairs consultation on Newmarket Handicap, 25U0 at 5, is attracting considerable attention from the sporting public. Dear CLARE'S: * 4 Tom" seems to suffer from ink itch, judging from the nothingness of hiB remarks on local cricket, and in one virulent attack* trieB' kartl, but hopelessly, to get off a rejoinder to my remarks of a few weeks' back, by alleging that Moora can—figuratively speaking—kick the vitals out of the Dandy boys, when it comes to cricket. Well, may be so, may be not. There's one little item, however, that admits of no doubt whatever, and that is that our Rover boys are considerable points ahead of the Moora scoo'pers in clean handed sportsmanship. Let Moora paste this truth in its. shallow head-gear: That the hover lads have never yet learned to turn cocktail from pore fear of ''colored" players. Then let them avenge the merciless nidings dealt out by the late captain and his youngsters before they whiBtle their al,eged supremacy.— SHORT • LIP. It is understood that the committees of the Canning Park and Helena Yale race clubs are not avere, generally speaking, to the wearing of cash bags by the metallicians. This condition was imposed to help the totalisator in its battle for public patronage against the books. To what degree thiB extraordinary—not to say unfair—regulation has benefited the totalisator those interested in the proprietary clubs can best judge. If the clause be non-benelicial and undesirable, why not rescind it P If the bookmakers approached the clubs it is more than probable thut the —to them—obnoxious regulation would be abrogated. The proper coursp for the bookmakers to pursue is to appoint a representative deputation to bring their grievances, arising; out of the newjy-passed betting regulation, before the olupB. Carefully conducted experiments have clearly ; pirOved thait'as the weight of a pig inortases eo does the amount of food required to prbduce a given increase beoonie larger., With pigs weighing from .75 to 115 lbs it required 4,371bB of food to gtrodupe lib of increased weight ; from 115 to l$5, 4.671bs f food i froml55 to 196, 4.991bs; from 195 to 235, 5.431h&;„tu»4 froji 235 to 276, 6.21bs of were needed<or,nearly.half as much again eorn or its equivalent vu required to add lib to the weight of a pig weighing 25Qlbs as when that pig weighted ltiOlbs. Cpws need much water. /The average cow in milk'requires about SOlbs^about 10 g&Uohs;)Jof water * tiafr,^ tfnd «0lbs when 'dty;' • • v - j . ' . . • 