PARLIAMENTARY CHIPS (By Tommy Hawk.) The occupants of the Treasury benches were not troubled with any questions yesterday afternoon, but a few notices of motion were' given. Amongst the latter was one by the Premier, who intimated that he would move on Monday that Government busi ness take precedence of all other busi ness for the remainder of the session. Probably the necessity for this was brought' home to him by the experi ence of the previous day, when motions by Mr. Vosper occupied the attention of members for the whole of the Bitting, with the exception of a few minutes. \- Mr. Holmes apparently has not yet had enough of the railway question, and prefers to risk the strong proba bility of defeat on a division rather than gracefully retire from the position he has taken, up. He gave notice yes terday that on 'Wednesday he would move for the restoration to the notice paper, of his motion respecting the al leged unsatisfactory administration of the Eailway Department, which was in terrupted by a count out on Tuesday night. . The Fisheries Bill, which aims at preventing the wanton destruction of fish, was taken through committee with a few unimportant amendments. Mr. Higham resumed the debate on the Commonwealth Bill, opposing the amendment of Mr. Wilson, that only the original bill should be submitteJ to the people. : Mr. Illingworth followed in support of the amendment, and asserted that to place the two bills before the electors would mean confusion worse confounds ed. The Premier's proposal really amounted to drawing a red. herring across the trail, with the ultimate ob ject of defeating federation. ?Mr. Venn made, a patriotic speech in favor ? of union, and expressed himself as being ashamed of those West Ausr tralians who were afraid to stand shoul der to shoulder with the people of the other colonies^ — Englishmen like them selves, who would see justice done 'though the heavens fall.' . ? , The Premier had something to say in reply to Mr. Illingworth, who, he said,' had as usual floundered about until he didn't know, what he -meant himself.1 He, stated that the issue placed before the electors would be extremely simple, and those who had not brains enough to understand it should not be entrust ed to one vote. The question would be on separate ballot-papers, the first being:— 'Are you in favor of either Bill?' while the second would read something' like this — 'If you are bound to have one bill, which shall it be?' He believed that the Imperial Parlia ment /'would amend the bill, and would do anything reasonable to ensure the whole of the Australian colonies enter ing the union. The only thing that was necessary was for the people of the colony to present a united front,, to prove to the1 other colonies that' they were determined to . insist upon ? the amendments. Mtr. James contended that it was not for the Parliaments of the several colonies to alier the details of the Bill sent from the Convention, and he quoted the state ments of the Premier when introducing the Bill in 1896 in support of this con tention. He asserted that the duty of the Parliament was simply to say whe ther or not the Bill should go to the people. Mr. George,. who, fortunately for, the despatch of business, has iiot been -heard so frequently of late, could not allow' Mr. Wilson's amendment to pass without his customary 'few words,' which, of course, were in opposition. He considered that Mr. Wilson and his supporters were playing into the hands of their opponents 'by bringing forward a motion which they had no earthly chance, not a ghost of a chance, of carrying— by trotting out a cock which was not intended to fight.' The mem ber for the Murray opined that if an other referendum were taken in the other colonies the result of the last ap peal to the people would be reversed: The arguments (?) quoted in support of this opinion was characteristic, Mr. George stating that a friend of his in Victoria had written to him, recently, and said that although he .had voted for federation when the referendum was taken^ he would not . do so if the question were again submitted, and this was also the case with other friends whom he men tioned. The vote cast in favor of federation in Victoria last year was 150,000 to 9,000, so that Mr. George's friends would need to be somewhat more numerous than those of ordinary people in order to turn the tide of federal feel ing in that colony. Indeed, the idea is reminiscent of the story of Mrs. Par tington- and her broom. ? Mr. ' Moorhead made his first impor tant 'deliverance in the House, and is undoubtedly the most eloquent speaker in the chamber. He was heard last night to great advantage, and he was heartily congratulated by Mr. Leake. He expressed himself as opposed in the extreme to federation, not on the mere petty question of the industries to be affected or the food duties to be swept away, but on the broader and wider principle that they had no right to bar ter away the internal management of their affairs to other people. The de bate dragged- on until 10 o'clock, when a division was taken on Mr. Wilson's amendment, that only one bill be smb mitted to the people, the 'ayes' being outnumbered by 24 votes to eight. The debate on the original motion for the reference of both bills to the people was adjourned ; and on the petition of the Federal League for the reference of the original Bill being considered, Mr. Leake forced a division. The result, was practically the same as before, and the Premier complained that the leader of the Opposition had been guilty of a 'political trick' in forcing members to vote against this, the question having already been decided. The Speaker agreed that he should not have allowed a division a second time, but as it had been dona he could see no remedy. 'It in a trick,,' repeated Sir John. 'A des picable trick,' agreed Mr. George. 'That,' said Mr. Leake, 'is what you say to 23,000 people.' The House then adjourned to Tues day, in order to allow those members who desired to visit Albany to Witness the departure of the contingent to do 