Religious CHRIST IN THE MIDST. By JOSEPH PARKER, D.D. "They found Him sitting in the midst of the doctors."—Luke ill. 45. What is in the midst? Does it mean in the middle? It does not. It is a larger term. The rose ia in the middle ; the fragrance is in j the midit. You butyd your great walls, and enclose your beautiful rosaries, so that no man outside can see the fcautiful flowers. But there are some ill-kept chilfren outside toe wall who svddenly say to one another, What Is It T They are the flowers roses f Where are they f The rases are on the other side of the waiL But the fragrance climbs the wall, falls down on the other side, and blesses the wayfarer. The rose ii in the centre ; the fragrance is in the midst. Aad so with my Lord the Redeemer; He is not in a locality, measurable and fixed, but, as we shall see, as our texts come to one another and gather into a glorious culmination, that Jesus is not local, but universal—a propitiation not for our sins only, but for the sin* of the whole world. The world cannot hold Him. The universe incommodes His infinity. ' He is above all things and before them, and above them and 'below them, and in them, and only begins to I begin when we have been with Him in eternity or time. They found Him in the midst of the doctors. Just as near to each one of them as to aIL In the midst of the doctors I in the midst of learning, the philosophy, .the highest civilisation of time ; and He is th%e still. In the midst of doctors I in the midst of expanding, refining, and spiritual civilisation. Ruling all things, He is not always known, He could not always be identified by name ; but souls feel that there is something ghostly, spiritual, mysterious, not to be accounted for in mere words—a weird, strange personality and energy. Of course, every circle has its own mother-tongue, and we do not want men to drop their own mother tongue, although we would teach them a richer and a fuller language. There are men who arc still talking about discoveries ; we do not ob ject to the word—it is harmless enough. I would not take the word " discovery" away from men who really appreciate and value it. It will do ia the meantime. But I am not ashamed of the word " revelation." I think all great ideas in science, in chemistry, in mechan ics, in civilisation generally come down from the Father of Light. I should not, therefore, speak of discovery, but of revelation, nearer aspects of Providence, nearer gleams of infinite personality. Many a man, meanwhile, is satis fled with the word discovery. •• I am not going to regard bin), therefore, as an infidel. Perhaps he may one day speak the higher language. Until then I pray God's blessing on him. that he may be a patient, diligent, fcarlew student. There are not ao many infidels og one might suppose. I do not know whether there is a column in tike census schedule in which are re* corded infidels. I hope not. Some people are more guided by Christ than they arc really aware. They do not realise the complete mys tery of the situation. Once a man was healed, and he was going up and down talking about the cure ; and the people said, " Who cured Uiea ?" and he said, " I know not His name." But he wandered into the Temple, and then a voice fell on his ear, such a voice as was never heard before, opening up a portal, a wondrous approach to the soul. Then the man knew that it was Jesus that had healed him. One day the vizor will drop ; the anonymous leader will show His face, and men will then know that It was Jesus that led the civilisation of the world. Even so, Lord Jesus, come quickly. Proceeding further, and taking another text, we find Jesus Christ Baying to His disciples, " Where two or three are gathered together in My Name, there am I in the midst ot them." The old place, the right place, the only place, the eternal place—in the midst. What, in the midst of three ? Has a triangle a centre 1 In the midst of a number, but not being one of the number. That is the mystery. Yes, in the midst of three, and equally related to all three, and equi-dutant from all the three—that is the Church. Where Christ U the Church is. The Church is a spiritual body, a spiritual revelation and incarnation, living, indeed, in independence upon the infinite and eternal ; strong when left without poor human patronage ; almighty, tre mendous, when not allied with the patronage of men who think they can buy the blood that re deems them. " Christ in the midst" means life, strength, companionship, victory. I will send from this, one of the mart illustrious pulpiti in the world, a message to all churches of two or tliree, a message heart-elevating and lieart thrilling—namely, " Because Jesus Christ is with you. in you, in the midst of you, you are neither small nor poor, neither struggling nor isolated. Count not yourselves, count the Lord, then vic tory is assured. I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills from whence conieth my help." Take another text of the same kind. " And with Him they crucified two thieves, one on the right hand, the other on the left." Jesus in the old. place, the only place, the eternal place- Jesus in the midst of thieves. He mi in the midst ot doctors—He is still there ; He cannot be displaced ; Ho lives everywhere, He lives in slumland ; inside thieflahd, lie Urea among the thieves, and the adulterers, and the wrongdoer*. Jesus in Uie midst of thieves 1 That cross could not hare been otherwhere. There is a fixed geometry, a fixed proportion, a perspective, an abiding and unalterable poetry . and fitness o* things. All tliis ia represented by the cross in the midst. It could not have stood on either side. Jesus must be in the midst, or nowhere* pervading, interpenetrating, uniting all elements, forces, and ministries, and constructing an in* finite redemption. We must leave Christ some place in His Church, aa we must leave Qod some home for His Providence in the world. We must not be too clever, we must not consume all the space, we must sit and be silent, and patiently wait for the incoming of the King. Be still and know that God is ia all things. It would never do for you and me to go alone among the thieves ; but Christ can go. He can look the woman, whose face ia a living blasphemy, back. to girlhood and womanhood and home. Let Him do it, and let us work in little crowds at His bidding, that we may help another. Where should we find Him again ? "I turned [to see the Voice that spake with me." What ! turned to see a voice 1 Yes ; and you and I dare not have said so, because many would have been severe upon us foe such an incoherent and vulgar and paradoxical a style of figure or meta phor. " Turned to ace a voice 1" That Is what the great Beer saw in the island church. I turned to see a voice, and lo " I saw seven gold en candlesticks, and in the midst of seven can dlesticks, one like unto the Son of Mau." As He was in the midst of doctors, and in the midst of the Church, and in the midst of thieves. Mow he is in the midst of lights the lutninants, the leaden of Church, and all its higher thinking and best endeavour. Poor are the. candlesticks until Christ takes up His place in the midst of them. Ministers, local preachers. There is no Church, there is no ministry without Jesus, and without Jesus being in the midst. And then though the candlesticks be poor, and the little lUrht of a local kind may be very limited, yet there should be a great glory in the House, and wondrous results should follow the ministry that ia enkindled and illuminated and sustained by* the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost, Three in One, and One in Three. Kee» tip your hearts, many nave left us, .but they have gone to poor lodgings. Our depend ence is on the living Lamp, the living Light, the licbt of the world ; and it will abide when alt the little lanterns of man's inventions have been . blown out and thrown into the ditch. Your strength is of God. Hold on ; hold up. Take another instance to show that the first text was not merely fantastic, but that we have touched a great centre of revelation and actual providence. *'And I beheld and in the midst > of the throne a Lamb." In the midst t What, in the midst of a throne I Yes. In the midst of doctors, in the midst of the Church, in the midst of the thieves, in the midst of the candle*, sticks: -' The same the old pUce,- the only place. the eternal place—a Lamb as He had been slain. Ho, .there are scars on. that Lamb which meant . wounds and blood and mysterious suffering. So He has come to the throne, has He f Yes, be- •. 'cause He came from the throne. It is so, and ' none can alter' it. And then where next ? Where else is He t In the midst of the Deity—the Father, the Holy Ghost, and Jesus in the midst. The old place, the eternal place, in the midst of the Deity. And He wants to be in the midst of our hearts. He wants to take possession or our whole nature, He vrunts to bless us with the sevenfold blessing. He wants to draw us from the external and the temporal, and to give us a home in the eternal and unseen, and divine ; He wants to hold us to the bosom of God, 