THE CiilNAMAN'SWORLD TO COME The strongest of all religious feelings in China, which has nothing whatever to do with buddhism, is lhat«»f leverence for one's predecessors. It is weaker in the extreme north than iu the south; but tliat ib only natural, when wo consider the influence of the Tartars, many of whom still df*i»i8e the old and neglect tlm dead. Nvtwil hptanding thin, the feeling may bn described as universal. The idea poems to ho that each human being is merely a hnlc in tho endless family chain, and that if nncehtral sacrifices ar« nrglcctcd, or ninli* hriis m>t forthcoming, the continuity of ocinlcncc will be broken. Thus it is that, however common infanticide tnuy bo, male children nrc never rour dcrcd. Unmarried femalrs arc almost an unkuown phenomenon in China, and a woman censinc on marriage to belong to her fathers family, women are regarded much in the light of merchandise. In the same way the continuity of existence is broken by theloQH uf a limh: hence the deeply rooted objeWion t-o surgical operations. In the whole empire it jf> hardly possible to find a Chinaman with but one arm or leg. A criminal nati>r<slly dislikes execution, and strangulation is tum-h more painful than decapitation ;yet with the, head on the shoulders «»ne cs»n ahvayu make n presentable appearnijco in the world t<» come- That world, acciH-diiig to the Chinaman's inborn notions, simply a repetition of the urcHOiit, one, and nothing more; the same mandarins, squeeze*, pleasures, and evils. Tbe idea in sacrificing to the spirits is to keep them quiet in their new sphere, and to prevnnt vht m from coming back to " howl " for assistance. 15ven the Umpcror, in conferring pohUuiiihjus honours, invariably winds up with the wordB, " and this in order to cuinfoti tlio migrated soul." So far as a Chinese has any anticipations of future bliss, he biraply contain > plates a repetition of his present experiences, i If he is a bad man here, he will be one there ; hence he conforms his conduct to good just so far as he does so with a view of gaining human credit on earth and nu further. There is no dread of death, except in so far that it is painful and u uad severence. Though the Uuddhist stories of Heaven and Hell are freely repeated, no Chinaman : seriously believes them.nor ishisconductever . motived, as it is with Christians, by hopes , ami fears of what may happen in a future life. Tfie true attitude of tbe intelligent cladses towards religion,writes Mr. Edward H. Parker in tho New Century Review," is that officially laid down by the Emperor Too- ICwai.g, grandfather of the present Emperor. It is in effect " All religions are nonsense ; but the silly people have always believed in ghost* and after-life, and, therefore, in order to conciliate popular feeling, we are disposed to protect every popular belief, Luclu'*ii>£ Christianity, ho long as there is no interference wit h the old- ebtablifilled customs of the titnte." Confucius had no religion, and cvfn declined to di^oiHK the question ; his system is revered simply as the embodiment of deccncy and order. From our point of view there is a slight touch of priggiHhness about it; but anyway, it is the Chinese version of " the religion of a gentleman/' even though the gcntlcmstn may not exist in large numbers. As to the popular attitude towards religion, it need not be discusscd at all from an acadomical point of view, being simply a bundle of ignorant prejudices. From a practical point of view il ib, of course, extremely important, for it is by no means a matiA'-r <if indifference to us that the Chinese peasant «>r labourer should imagine that we use babies* eye? for photography, indulge in *Ui>nstr;>Uri immoralities, despise our ances tors, plaj religious tricks with convert woinei;, an^. Mich things. These fiuperrititioiiti are not grosser or more dangerous than were the n)i<iri)p*agc notions current in Europe touching witchery, heresy, and supmnatural agency. It is simply a question of education; uot- only book- learning, but good roads, travel, commerce, interchange of thought, kind treatment, and reasonaine 