MAINLY ABOUT PEOPLE. , Prisoners when arrested in Morocco are re quired to pay the policeman for his trouble in taking them to gaol. Mr. W. T. Stead, writing of Bismarck, considers it the one redeeming point m his character " that he believed in ghosts, and ' believed in God." In a diary kept in 1858, Thackeray wrote, " One of Dickens' immense superiorities over me is the great fecundity of his imagination. y Perhaps Bulwer is better than both of us in this quality." If a Chinaman dies while being tried for murder, the very fact of his dying is taken as evidence of his guilt. He has departed, but somebody must suffer; and his eldest son, if he has one, is sent to prison for a year. Lord Roberts says that if the British sol diers could be so trained as to make it certain that one shot in 20 would reach its billet, our a,rmy might be pronounced five times as formidable as any Continental army had yet shown itself. Field- Marshal Lord Roberts, V.C., re ceived his first commission on December 12, 1851, having been appointed a second lieutenant in the Bengal Artillery of the Honourable East India Company's service. He was then in his twentieth year. A little while ago it was " Australia's noblest son " when speaking of Mr. Barton. Now he is referred to by Melbourne Punch as " Mr. Barton, the well- known Federal leader." Just fancy talking of " the well-known Lord Salisbury," or "the well-known Mr. Chamberlain." Rider Haggard, when speaking- on the question of woman's work and influence, said he took it to be a perfectly true axiom that a nation might be very well judged by the condition of its women. If they studied his tory they would find that the nation in which women occupied a higher place, where they were revered and honored, was an advanced nation. " What is the difference between the Al mighty and the Emperor ? " is a conundrum that the subjects of William II. ask with bated breath, and the fear of " Majestatsbe- leidigung-in-the-second-degree " before their eyes. The answer is, " Gott weiss Alles, aber der Kaiser weiss Alles besser " — God knows everything, but the Emperor knows every thing better! — M.A.P. A curfew ordinance recently passed the St. Louis Council by a large majority. To the general astonishment Mayor Ziegenheim has vetoed the bill. He explains his refusal to sign on the ground that the measure is an endeavor to regulate public morals by clock work ; that it is sumptuary legislation, and, as such, antagonistic to our institutions.— Public Opinion, New York. Lord Charles Beresford, who would be hard to beat for popularity in the British navy, bad a favorite hobby as a boy, which was in a way prophetic of his future calling. This hobby or pastime was that of modelling boats, and he was exceedingly skilful in this direction. These boats he would give as birth day presents to those people for whom he ; had some special affection. Quite a number of them are in existence. This is how Michael Davitt describes the conduct of Parnell when the latter heard of the Phoenix Park murders : — " He flung himself into a chair in my room and declared that he would leave public life. ' How can- 1,' he said, 'carry on a public agitation if I am stabbed in the back in this way ?' . He was wild. Talk of the calm and callous Parnell. There was not much, calmness or callousness about him that morning." The Czar Nicholas II. has the reputation of being the most liberal of sovereigns, par ticularly in regard to tips, and it is stated that when on -a visit his smallest " pour- boire " to the domestics is never less than 25 francs, even to servants . who have ' but ren dered hiip- the slightest of services, while to the coachmen and servants in attendance upon his Royal person the tip often exceeds 200 francs. The German Kaiser is just the ; opposite of this, and although he travels per haps more than- any other sovereign, he is very careful with his gratuities, which seldom ; exceed two or three marks. ' President M'Kin- ley,' despite the comparative smallness of -his emoluments, has the reputation of being very liberal in the way of tips. Next to Ooin Paul himself, the boss of the Transvaal is (says a London paper) an Irish man named P. Gillingham, who, besides being a baker and a Justice of the Peace, also enjoys relations with the President which may be best described, perhaps, as " in troducer of foreigners." Mr. Gillingham gained great prestige with Kruger by oppos ing the Jameson raid, and since that time it has been necessary for anyone desiring to carry a point with the President to approach first his most intimate Irish friend, who was born about forty years ago at the Cape, of Irish parents, and there absorbed the cus toms of the Dutch so thoroughly that he is regarded in Pretoria as a staunch burgher and a good Dutchman. An anonymous major has been talking to M.A.P., in the most candid fashion, with regard to the Sirdar. " He, the victor at Omdurman !" said the Major with immense scorn. " I tell you — and every man who was there says so — that the Sirdar is not the least use in the field. He's a great organizer ; — nobody can deny that ; but as to a great strategist, it's all nonsense. Omdurman was won not by him but by Hector Macdonald ! When," continued the moustached Major, " Kitchener announced that he was going on into .Omdurman, several of the officers told him that he was wrong, that the Dervishes were not yet beaten. And sure enough, Macdonald was soon in the very grips with them and if he had not been the splendid soldier he is, .if he had not been a thorough sergeant-major from old training, there is little doubt that our losses would have been tremendous and that tho Dervishes would have broken through until they reached the British soldiers. And do you know, sir, what happened when Macdonald, after heating these fellows h.y such splendid presence of mind, passed tho Sirdar ? This is an episode you don't see described by the special corres pondents — they are too dependent on the Sirdar's goodwill to tell such things. Mac donald put his hand to his hat and ovorybody saw that ho meant, quietly to convoy that he had been ' put in the cart ' by his commander- in-chief; and Kitobener simply turned- his bead the other way." 