; THE STGBT TELLER. PIONEERS OF NIHILISM. (By Fred Whishaw in Windsor Magazine.) One cold night in the autumn of 1847 a party of 15 young men, ranging in age from about 20 years to 85, eat round a scantily furnished room up four flights of dark and evilly smelling stairs in a house in St. Petersburg. There were not nearly enough chaira for all, but those who were not accommodated with four-legs stools made themselves equally comfortable by lounging upon seats with no leg at all, such as the floor, Platonof s trunk, and so on. The young fellows were engaged in a cnriortS occupation. Seated at the table, upon which lay an open bundle of manu script, was a dreamy youth of 24 or so, one Dostoiefsky, the author of the manuscript aforesaid, whose pages he turned over at intervals. Half lying upon the floor, with his back against the stove, reclined Petra cbefsky, the president, reciting very drama tically, from memory, what appeared to bo the contents of the MS. ; for Dostoiefsky at the table followed the recitation, turning over the pages as the reciter glibly finished each in tarn. But at last Petracbefsky hesitated, paused, added tentatively a few words, and stopped. ' No,' he said, ' I've stuck ; I should know it if you prompted me, but that's not the point.' ' Who volunteers to go on ?' asked the author at the table. ' I,' cried a dozen voices at once, and immediately a second writer took up the table, running correctly through several pages ere he, in his turn, failed in memory, and a third was obliged to occupy his place as exponent. It was while the latter was still in the midst of his recitation, and going well, that Dostoiefsky held up his hand. ' Stop a minute, Platonof,' he said, ' I hear a tramping in the street — it may be the gendarmes.' Platonof rnshed to the window, which was a projecting one and permitted the road to ba clearly seen. ' Great heavens !' he mattered a mo ment later, turning a white face towards the room. ' You are right, Freda, it is a equad of gendarmes.' . 'What of the papers, Platanof !' said Petrachefsky, who, as the leader of this party, had grown pale and anxiou3, full of the senae of a deep responsibility. ' Are they allin order ? Answer quickly.' 'There's nothing but this one letter from Tngof, received fco-day,' said Platonof. ' It is rather strong — what shall I do with it?' ' Give it to me, quickly,' said Petra chefeky. He snatched the letter, tore it rapidly to tiny pieces, and placed the scraps upon the table. ' There,' he added, ' help yourselves, lads — each one eat and swallow it. Don't choke ; help it down with the vodka. Put the bottle on the table, Fedia. So.' Each youth quickly swallowed his morsel of paper, and half a dozen of them con sumed two pieces ; the vodka washed the curious meal down. The whole letter dis appeared in half a minute. Petrachefsky laughed. ' There,' he said, ' that was well and expeditiously done. Let tho bloodhounds scent it out if they can. But they'll have your book, Fedia ; can you bear to part with it ?' Dostoiefsky unexpectedly burst into tears. Ho seized the M..S, and hugged it his breast. ' I love it ! I love it I he cried ; ' I can not bear to let them have it.' ' But, my poor Fedia,' said Petrachefsky, kindly laying hia hand upon the distressed yonth's shoulder, ' you have seen that we all have it by heart, practically 6peakiDg, and if one forgets, a dozen others instantly remember. Your splendid work shall never be lost ; it is only the soiled paper that these bloodhounds can rob us of; the poem, every word of it, is imperishably committed to our hearto ; let them send ue whither they will, we shall not forget it. Dear Russia shall not lose your work — is it not so, brothers?' ' It is so, it is true, we will never for get one word of it, Fedia,' cried every man in tLe room.' Petraohefsky nodded approvingly. ' Listen now,' he said, ' it shall be told in tho coming time how that fifteen youag patriots, the pioneers of pro gress and needed reform, preserved to Russia this poem, which shall for centuries \\)$ her glory, and our names shall go dow$ to posterity with yours, my Fedia, because of this thing1. Be comforted, it shall be as I say.' Dogtoiefsky kissed the M.S , and threw it upon the table; he dashed away his tears and cook the president's hand and wrung1 it. 'Forgive me,' he said; 'I was a fool. God reward you for all your goodness ; my poor lines — I ought to have remembered — are enshrined in a home a million times nobler and worthier than this poor parch ment, for you carry them in your own dear hearts. I am quite content — let the writ ten book go.' ' You see, Fedia ? *' began Petrache sky, but Platanof at the window interrupted him. ' Hush !' he said, ' they have entered the front door ; the dvornih (yard potter) let them in, curse him! without warning us. How did he know we are prepared V ' Listen, they are coming up the stairs !' whiFpered someone. ' What shall we do, Petraohefsky ?' ' L9t them come,' said the president. ' What care we ?' As a matter of fact, whether Petra chefsky and the rest cared or not mattered little, for the gendarmes had practically arrived, and there was no way either to escape or to keep them out. The heavy tramping of a considerable body of men, who tripped and stumbled in the dark stairway, and 'swore loudly at the vileness of the approach, came nearer each moment, and in a minute or two Platonof's door was loudly thumped from without. Then the leading gendarme — an officer — not waiting to be invited to enter, pushed the door and came in. 'Ah!' ha muttered, smiling amiably, ' the whole hornet's nest — or near it ! Good evening, gentlemen ; are you armed any of you ?' ' Armed .'' said Petrachefsky bitterly ; ' certainly not 1 we leave brute force t j the Tzar and his servants.' ' Good !' said the officer, ' and the wiser you, for they are the stronger ; search them, nevertheless, Petka, and you, Vainka, but cautiously ; the rest of you overhaul the room, keeping one eye upon the sus pects meanwhile, lest they fall upon Petka and Vainka. Seiza every written or printed paper, and shoot anyone who is interfered with in the execution of his duty.' ? ? Those who were deputed to search for weapons and papers did their work quickly and thoroughly. Amid jeers aad laughter from th@ suspects they discovered a iew old accounts, some obviously innocent letters from relativeo, and so on, and threw all their treasure-trove upon the table. Plato norf's desk was broken into, and every paper examined and collected ; twenty-five roubles in notes were found, and these were annexed likewise. ' Look in the stove and up the chimney, you, Vainka !' cried the officer. ' They heard us coming !' But neither stove nor chimney yielded any fiah worth angling for. ' It doesn't matter,' said the officer genially ; ' there is plenty without. Lord ! how cold it ia here, Petka ; light the stove — there are matches, and here'o paper.' He took the precious manusoript — the poem which was to be Russia's pride and glory for centuries — and tossed it into the stove's mouth. ' Which of you ia Mr. DoBtoiefsky ?' he continued. DoBtoiefsky, very pale, bnt firm now as the rock of truth, stepped out. ' Well ?' he said. The officer bowed and smiled. ' You will pardon my freedom with this charming work of yours, Mr. Dostoiefsky ? It is better for all parties that it should burn, believe me ; the work is full of talent, but — if I may be so bold — misplaced and misapplied talent. I ? ' 'Excuse mo,' interrupted poor Fedia, ' but were you sent to lecture me upon a matter as to which you can know nothing ?' ' Oh — oh— nothing !' laughed the gen darme ; ' see here — do you recognise these HneB?' and the fellow quoted, with per fect correctness, half a stanza of the burn ing M.S., reciting as a matter of fact, per haps the most revolutionary sentence in the poem, which, indeed, if judged by the standard of that which in thesa days would be passed by the Censor himself as harm less and innocent, was scarcely even mildly liberal In its tendency. Dostoiefsky started as ha hoard his own lines quoted, and grew, if possible, a Bhade paler. Petrachefsky flushed red, and otepped, put to take a look roand tho room, ' What is absent ?' he said. ' Anyone besides Tugof ? No ? Then it must have been Tugof, and may all the saints and devils persecute him, both in this life and hereafter, for the villian has betrayed us ! ' Oh hush, hush ! ' laughed the officer, ' uncurse the poor fellow ; he really had no alternative, under the circumstances; be sideswouldyoublame hinafor allowing some of us the opportunity to hear those inspired lines ? Fie, fie, -Mr. Petrachesfy.' The knout is a wondeiful refresher of memories ; Tugof remembered che graater part of the poem, believe me, and a rare treat he gave us. Wow, gentlemen, if you will kindly reply to your names : Petrachefaky,' he continued, reading from a list in his hand. 'Say 'here,' please^ Mr. Petrachefeky.' ' You aee I am here,' said the latter surlily. 'Very well. Platonof— Dostoiefsky — I know most of you ; if the rest refuse to answer to their names they do so at their own risk, for if any person present should afterwards prove to be other than one of those on this list he will have been arrested a3 though he were actually a delinquent, and he will not be released.' ' Arrested ?' repeated half, a dozen voices; ' what for?' ' SaditioD, publishing revolutionary matter, and for belonging to an illegal secret society.' ' Oh ! very well, arrest ns ; only prove your accusations if you can !.' cried Petra chefsky ; 'you will find it a difficult matter?' ' The knout proves all things,' said the gendarme. ' Now, aaswer the names or not, as you please.' Not a man answered as the official read the 15 uameB from his Hat, though two or three were pale as death and near to faint ing ; and when he had finished, the gen darmes at a sign presented arms. ' Follow me, gentleman,' said the officer, and down the dark stairs and cut into the night marched the little band of suspects, the armed guard bringing up the rear. Then, for many weeks, within the precincts of the fortress, wherein the whole party were confined, wero held investiga tions and inquiries, having for their object the conviction of this band of youths of various offences against tha State. A few of them were, aa a matter of fact, somewhat dangerou3 chatactera — the pioneers, it may be said, of the more advanced section of the Revolutionists of to-day and thesp faw had certainly been guilty, if it could have been proved egainat thorn, of rnenncing utterances against the Tsar and his Government. But the majority of the pioneers were mere dreamers, harm less young humanitarians who spoke, and wrofcef and sang songs about universal brotherhood and the desired emancipation of the serfs, and so on ; yet, in spite of the comparative guilt of the one party, and the absolute guilt of the other, it is a fact that the worst things proved against these innocent or those guiltier onr s were : some few remarks made against the Press censorship, Dostoefsky's noble but quite harmless epic of freedom and cer tain utterances in favour of the emancipa tion of the serfs, a measure which was destined to become an established fact within a very few years. All this would form no very serious indictment in these days, but at that time, long before the latter-day Nihilists weie known or existent, it was sufficient to condemn a man in the eyes of the tyrant Nicholas and his myr midons, who would have no Russian call his soul his own. Consequently, one win ter's day, the examinations having been finished, and a military tribune having con sidered the case — without troubling the snspects to appear before them ! — and passed judgment upon them, the delin quents were driven out to the square known as the ' Semeonofsky Plain,' to hear their sentence read. There were thirty- two criminals in all, the number including those connected with Petrachefsky's ' conspiracy,' as it pleased the authorities to call it, and a second party of similar character, and among these ap peared at Spmeonofsky PJain, poor Tugof, more dead than alive with shame, because this was the first time he had met his asso ciates since his extorted confessions had helped to convict them. The wretched fellow looked the ghost of his former self, for the knout and the misery of having be come, in spite of him9elf, an informer, had together proved too much for his spirit. His evidence for the prosecution had done him no good, moreover, for here he now was among the convicted, brought in con tact with the rest to hear the general sen tence read out. The unfortunate prisoners had been gtripped, ia epite of the cold, to the shirt and trousers ' to hear the sentence,' just aB though iheir sheepskin overcoats would have suffered with their sense of hearing. 'There's Tugof,' said Petrachefsky.' ' Curae him ! But for him your boob, at any rate, Dostoiefsky, and perhaps our liberty, might have remained at the servioe of our country. ' I care nothing for the book,' said Dostoiefsky, ' for, thanks to yon dear fellows, nay poem is safe. But I wish to heaven they would read the sentence and giva us our overcoats; half an hour of this will make a chattering idiot of me.' ' As for Tugof, p jor devil, he looks mora d^ad ihan alive !' said Mourof. ' I have once tasted the knout myself, and I felt then that I would deliver over to the demon who swung it all I held most dear, if only I might be spared one stroke of it ; we must cot; blame him too much.' * Apparently, howevor, some of the pion eers differed from Mourof in their opinion on this point, for there was a sudden shout and a scuffle, and it was seen that Gregor i'cb, one of the convicts, had thrown him self savagely upon Tugof and borne him to the ground, while he strove fiercely to choke the poor fellow as he lay. A dozen guards instantly fell upon the combatants, but so savagely hid Gregoritch wound his fingers round the throat of the other that it was found impossible to unclasp them. ' Stand back all,' shouted the officer, ' I shall soon put an end to this brawling. Out of the way, there. What ! is the course of justice to be impeded 1 Stand back, I say.' He raised his pistol as he spoke. Those who had surrounded the combatants scrambled out of the way hurriedly, but Gregoritch paid no heed ; his eyes, ablaze with the lust of vengeance, were fixed like a wnif's upon his prey. There wss a loud report. Dostiefdky shuddered and looked away, so did other refined and sensitive ones among the pioneers. Gregoritch stif fened as bo knelt over his victim and then fell forward, but without loosaoing his grip, and presently it was found necessary to carry away the two men together, the deed and the dying, for th^re was no par' ing them. It w»a a gruesome eight for those who witnessed it. So, shocked and saddened by this epi sode, and shuddering with the cold and suspense, the rest of the unfortunate band waited until it should please their judges to arrive and acquaint them with their doom. Some workmen were busy in a corner of the groat square knocking large posts into the ground. For want of better occupation Platanof and others .vatched the work. ' What i? it they are making ?' men asked one another ; but no one could guess, though it was agreed that it could not, in any case, have anything to do with them selves. Dreamy, intense Dostoiefsky was busily occupied at this time in relating to his nearest neighbor the plot of a novel whioh he had thought out while in prison. The listener became rapt and absorbed in the story. 'It is splendid, Fedia,' he mut tered. ' You will be another Gogol, by Heaven! you will.' 'Remember it, dear Vainka,' said : Dostoiesky, ' and if I die in prison, as I ; probably shall, write it up in our joint names. God will prosper the work in your hands ; I shall pray for it.' 'I will try my beat, I swear it,' said the other, ' but I shall nev^r do it justice ; -? live, Fedia, and become great, the greatest : of Russians !' The words were prophetic, for in after years this nivel wus written and helped to raise i*s author to that pinnacle of great- - ness, in Russia, which ho shares with Gogol, Poushkine, Turgenief, and Tolstoi. But a great rumbling of wheelB interrupted the conversation, and a huge van was now driven upon the grouud laden with long deal boxes. The van passed close to the group of condemned men and drew up alongeido the place where the workmen wero just finishing tho business of knock ing in their poofs. ' My God I Vninkn, did you see that ?' muttered Dostoiefaky ; 'they are crffias — thirty-two of them. Thoy surely do not intend to murder every man of us ?' ' Oh, they dare r.ot !' cried Mainka, white as poper and with lips that trembled so that his articulation suffered. Petrachefsky, pale but courageous, walked among his fellow ' conspirators.' 'Boys,' he saW, ' those coffius are for us — we are to be murdered, but let ua show a bold front. We dio for Russia.' Five miuutos later the judges arrived, and the sentence was read out, when it ap* pearod that Petrachefeky's graesome-coa* ? elusion was only too correct — they were to be shot, every man of them. Four posts had been aefc in position, and to these were lashed four of tbo ringleaders. Petrachefsky, of course, being among them. A firing party now took its Btaud in front, and the officar presently gavo the word, ' Ready.' Then he looked about him as though he hoped thai a reprieve might yet arrive in time. He was a kind-hearted fellow ia his way, and knew well enough that these poor youths were receiving very hard treatment for their slight offence. ' God bless him !' muttered Dostoiefsky ; ' 'he feels for us.' But the sympathetic officer had already pronounced the sentGuce, ' Present arms,' and was on the point of issuing the fatal command to fire, when the aide-de-camp among the group 6f judges and military grandees standing close by lazily waved his hand. Luckily the officer observed the gesture j he approached the aide- de-camp. '' The pvisonors are reprieved,' drawled the latter ; ' there is a revised sentence. For thin undeserved mercy they must thank the clemency of his Imperial Majesty.' The ' clemency ' had arrived a little too late.for one of the reprieved, however, for when the poor fellow, laughing and shriek ing' in turns, was unbound from his post it was found that the trial had been too much for his reason ; those terrible moments of suspense had made a raving lunatic of him, and a lunatic he remained for the rest of his days. The revised sentences varied according to the proportion of guiltiness of each offender. Dostoiefsky received one of the lighter sentences, being condemned to four years' agricultural labor in Siberia, to be followed by enforced conscription as a private, with deprivation of his rights aa one of the petite noblesse. Thus this poet and genius was condemned to spend forty eight long months among the ecum of the criminal population on a Siberian farm, and afterwards to serve with the colors until, at the accession of a kindly Alexander II., he was restored to freedom and (for ' which his soul had yearned with a longing which was almost intolerable) to the enjoy ment of his literary talent. Many of his ideas and plots, and not a few whole scenes, had been entrusted, daring his years of captivity, to the memory of his fellows, among whom it was considered .a point of honour and of duty of the father land to recollect religiously and accurately every word that Dostoiefsky, .their beloved poet and novelist, produced at this time and entrusted to their keeping1, pencil and paper being forbidden luxuries to him on account of his well-known influence upon all people who read his patriotic words. Within a couple of years Dostoiefsky had gained that place in the great heart of the people which he holds till this day, the darling of the poorer classes, and especially of the injured, the oppressed, and the dis contented. Moreover, he had done his work as one of the fathers of reform in Russia, and for the comparative freedom which the Press has enjoyed from this time forward his countrymen must chiefly thank this favourite writer. Unfortunately, in the Petrachefsky conspiracy lay the seeds of two widely differing plants, for from it sprarjg the canker growth of Nihilism, the weed of terror, and violence, and disorder — which was poison to the gentle spirit of n Djatoiefsky — as well as to the healthy, fruitful tree of just reform, a fair plant which ho watered with his tears, and to the cultivation of which be devoted the successful labor of years of fearless writing. Since theu Russia has become, compara tively, a paradise; the lot of Siberian captives has been so improved that the old horrors of exile are practically non existent ; the knout is now scarcely known ; the peasants are free, and enjoy a position superior to that of any Europeans ? of their own class, being proprietors of a great portion of the soil of their country, in allotments quite sufficient to keep them fat and rich when — which, unfortunately, is scarcely ever — they are fairly sober. For much of this Russia has to thank those who, like our fathers of reform, began to lilt the veil from the eyes of authority. The work is, of course, but half-finished, nnd there is still need of many reforms. Bnt ever}' development worthy of the name is gradual, and the tendency of Russia is undoubtedly a movement onward towards true civilisation. 