[?] By Dollie Mackay. Peggy Mortimer was a little Sydney girl. She was sending her Christmas holidays on her uncle's sheep station. Peggv was seven, and she had a lisp. She was not, I grieve to say, a particu?aily good tittle girl. Whin taken gently to task for the scandalous state of dirt into which she continually got her clothes, she became mutinous. Once Peggy's aui t felt compelled to punish her, so she sent her to bed without any tea. Peggy' d feelings were out raged. '* I will go an thit in the crcek, and let the tor toitheth eat me up,' she declared between her apgry sobs. Her cousins were all boyB ; some of them were nearly ; grown up. The youngest one thought that little girls were invented for him to teaBe. Peggy soon enlightened bim as to bis mistake. When Don gently pulled her hair and mimicked her lisp, he received a vigorous box on the eir. The next day, in a forgiving mood, he held out the flag of truce, giving Peggy to understand tbat if she expressed ber repentance he was willing to make his peace with her. Peggy received his over tures with contempt. ' Therred you right, you nathty thing,'' she said, disdainfully ; ' teach you not to tea the little girlth.' So Don, finding he was not at all likely to get any expression of sorrow out of Peggy, surrendered in the most ignominious manner. Peggy's cousins were at that time much occupied in attempting to trap a dingo which was working sad havoc among the sheep. Morniug .after morning reports were brought in of stieep and lambs which had been found torn' to pieces. Sometimes Mrs. Dingo did not even take the trouble to kill the sheep, but commenced to devour them while still alive, and left them to die ia agony. Peggy's cousius had for weeks been trackii g tlie marauder. Mrs. Dingo Beemed possessed of supernatural cuuuiug, aud avoided knowingly all the traps aud baits laid for her. At last, one evening, Don and one of hid brothers rode hnme in high glee. They had found the dingo' b lair. Mrs. Dingo was not at home when they called. She had probably gone to procure a l ice tender lamb for supper. But all her eight children were there, very much alive iadeed. The boys decided to leave tbe puppies unharmed. It was of the utmost, importance that the motner should be secured, and if her puppies were touched she would be sure to scent danger, and change her place of abode. So the boys, removing as they thought all traces of their visit, rode home, discuss ing various plans - f trapping Mrs. Dii-go. Alas ! the cuteness of the cutest of boys is no match for that of a dingo the proud mother of eight puppies. When they returned the next morning with a cirefully prepared trap, they found that Mrs. Dingo ' had Bmelt a rat.' She had decamped and taken her family with her. She was hacked to a creek, which she must have crossed eight separate times, each time bearing a puppy. And now she was nobody knew whete. _ The boys were in despair ; for if the animal were cunning before, she would be doubly cunning now, and they felt they had a very poor chance of trapping her. Peggy had been much interested iu the career of the dingo. She had at first rather sympathised with it, and The Dingo. secretly hoped that her cousius would not succeed in trapping it. But one day when Don was treating her to a ride round the paddocks they found a sheep, still alive, with ite legs and b ick cruelly gnawed and torn. Don mercifully put an end to its ' agony, and Peggy sympathised no longer with the dingo. . Peggy was much given to roaming. She had many times been cautioned by her uDcle against going far from the house, and had never wandered far beyond the house paddock. But one afternoon Peggy went further thau she had ever done before. \- Hunting for birds' nests, poking sticks into burrows, and plucking wild flowers, she wandered on and on. Then thoughtlessly, hardly knowing that she did it, Peggy got through a wire fence. She was too much engrossed in her explorations to remember that she had been warned, many times never to get tbiough a fence when alone. On die went, singing to herself in a loir soft tone. Suddenly she spied a glowing mass of purple bloom, half concealed by a charred log. Peggy flitted over ta it, and when Bhe had plucked as much as her fat little hands could con veniently grasp sbe sat down on the log to rest. She arranged the nosegay to her satisfaction, and bound it together with ber handkerchief. Suddenly her attention was arrested at a most peculiar sound. It seemed to come from inside the log. Peggy advanced on tiptoe to the end of the log and peeped cautiously in. A cluster of Finding Teggy. tawny heads was what she siw ; several p&irB; of scared brown eyeB gazed at her. These were little dingoes ! That must be the dingo's new lair ! Peggy crept cautiously away. She .was much elated at her discovery. Her face was pink with pleasure, and wreathed in smiles. She clapped her hands softly. ' Thothe thtupid bovthe,' she whispered to herself in glee. ' What'll they thay when they know I have found the dingoth netht ! ' She sat down on the ground and surveyed the surroundings. 'I muthn't forget,'' Bhe murmured. 'It th that black old log with all the purple flowerth be thide it, and near that funny old thtump that loDkth like a man.' She regarded the log thoughtfully as she roBe. 'Imutbt go home now,' she murmured again, and tell them.' And she ascended a bit of rising ground, behind which she supposed the fence lay. But she stopped at the top. Where was the fence ? Didn't she get through a fence a few minutes ago, or had she been dreaming p Yes, she was sure of it. But where was the fence ? Peggy didn't know thit when she got through the fence she had tripped along for a quarter of au. hour before the found the dingo's lair, and that she was now walking in the opposite direction and rapidly leaving the fence and her bome behind. She was puzzled, but by no means divtiessed. The sun was setting behind the hills. ' It mutht be tea time,' said Peggy to herself. ' Won't Auntie be vexthed.' She studied the landscape, and then descended the hill, and walked round it. On and on she went, but she could find no fence. The evening shadows gathered, the darkness deepened, aud the truth was borne home to Peggy. She was lost. Lost. A wind came up out of the west, and whistled wearily. The whitened skeletons of the ring barked gum trees looked like ghoBts in the gloam ing. Was that a dingo howling ? Peggy shuddered. It was a very humble little girl who knelt at the foot of a tree, and prayed between her sobs. ' Oh, God ! Don't let me be lotht. I'll be good. H'l never tear my chtockirigth and pinneth any more. I'll tell Don I wath thorry I thlapped him, I'll never thpeak naughty to Auntie again, and I'll do everything Mummie tellth me. Oh, God, don't let me be lotht. PJeathe tlieod thomebody to find me.' . Peggy remained at the foot of the tree after she had said her prayer. The ribbons of ber Bun hat had become untied, and a putt of wind carried it away. It was quite dark now, and Bhe was afraid to go after it. She still clasped the bunch of purple flowers. Ber greatest dread was that the lingo should come and attack her. She shrank in a piteous way at the rustle of eveiy leaf. A lizard scuttled pa«t. Peegy would have screamed in her terror ; but she wa6 afraid to make a noise lest the dingo should find her. She had (in a thin muslin dress, and she felt bitterly cold. She became drowsy, and after a long, long time she fell asleep. The Bun was shining high in tbe heavens when Peggy's uncle, worn out by the anxiety - f his long night's search, rode up to the tiee beside which she lay. All night long he and his boys, armed with lan terns, had scoured the paddocks. Several times they must have passed within a few hundred yards of the Bpot. And there she lay, a withered bunch of flowers be side her ; hatlesB, the full glare of the sun beating down upon her. Sbe was not asieep now, bnt there was no recognition in the eyes that looked up into bis. A brilliant flush dyed her cheeks. As her uncle dismounted and bent over her she murmured something in a husky voice. ' What, darling ?' he asked .as he took her in his arms. ' The dingo'th neth,' she tvhifpered hoarsely. ' Ith in an old black log, betbide a lot of purple flowerth. There'th a funny thtump . . . ' She broke off with a long sigh, and looked at him vacantly. Her eyes glowed like stars. ' It'th tho hot,' she said hoarsely. ' Yes, darling ; we'll soon be home, and then you'll be coM,' he slid soothingly. It waB with a heavy heart that be carried her *homewirds. For he saw tbat his little niece was very ill. For many weeks Peggy lay racked by the paius of rheumatic fever. Iu her delirium she raved t f dingoes, iguanas, snakes, ghosts, and the hundred terrors that had oppressed the little soul before Bleep came to her relief on that terrible night ; and these who wat ched by her bed marvelled that terror had not killed her. Wheu Peggy awoke to consciousness her mother, pale and anxious, was bending over her. Many times she had feared she would lose her little daughter. Very slowly, however, Peggy recovered. On the first day of her convalescence Don came to see her. His eyes filled with tears as he kissed the worn little face. ' We caught tbe dingo and all the eight pups, Peg,' ho said as gaily bb he could, although taiB voice broke a little. ' It was all owing to you, you know. You told us when you were sick wheie to find When Peggy awoke to consciousness her mother, pale and anxious, was bending over her, them. So dad sayB you are to have the scalp money.' As Peggy gradually recovered her strength every one noted with satisfaction a vast improvement in ber. She was sweeter, more docile, and, to her mother's great joy, more careful with her clothes. She even submitted good-naturedly to the teasing of her cousins, and to Don's great astonishment, in formed him very shyly that '' she wath thorrj she thlapped him that time.' -? 