m m w . KAI.GUBLI The m*in shaft of the Kalgurli is down 460ft, and good progress is being made with the sinking. COBGKOTES All shares in Oosgrove's Bayley's Beward South (CoBgroves) on which the 10th call of 3d remains unpaid are to be sold on November 7, unless previously redeemed. BOULDER PERSEVERANCE At the Boulder Perseverance the Griffin, mills for grinding the sulphide ore have arrived, and are being fixed in position, "i he tther parts' of the installation are being rapidly advanced. BAYLEY'S UNITED DIVIDEND Mr H E Barrett, sharebroker, of Coolgardie, has received a telegram stating that the Bayley's United dividend of Is per share wiil be payable on November 20, while the call of 6d will be due on November 18. BBOWNHILL The creep at the Brownhill, to which reference waB made some weeks back, has at last beaten tbe efforts made to control it. A large cavity made its appearance on the north end of the property, adjacent to the manager's house, owing to the col apse of the timbers in the oxidised stopea above the first level. This has now been filled in, and fortunately the collapse was attended with no ill results to the workmen beyond the inconvenience to the mine from the temporary stoppage in the scopes. The damage done is trifling. BUMORS Surprise was manifested locally at the fall of some of the leading Kalgoorlie stocks. Wires received from Adelaide dnring the day show that rumors of an entirely erroneous nature are in circula'ion there, presumably for the purpose of creating a scare among the ho'ders o f shares in the companies concerned. Lake View Consols, it appears, were at first singled out for attack, and many distorted statements relative to thiB property were cleverly made to apply to the Associated and its sulphide p'ant. The Lake View Consols management, it was said, contemplated a considerable rearrangement of the sulphide installation, and it was probable that pending the completion of such alterations, the monthly output would materially be reduced, although at the present time there is no falling off in the shipments of ore. With regard to the As sociated, there is no failure of the water supply, the lode has not become poorer, and the sulphide plant continues work satisfactorily. The leaching of the first 60 tone of ore roasted bas commenced, and two furnaces are.n -w in full work, and are turning out 70 to' s each a day. The management of the company is confident that the output of faeh furnace will be increased to 100 tons per diem. IVANHOE The south drive east of the lode at the 300ft level of the Ivanhoe has just entered the main chute of ore due to the conjunction of the eastern and intermediate lodes. At that point tbe rich o>e was showing in the face the lull width of the drive. BBOOKMAN'S BOULDER Owing to a slight breakage of the hoisting machinery the underground development work has been delayed for a few days in the Brookman's Boulder. This has now been rectified, and it is expected that the crosscut will reach the principal of the boundary veins this week. JLTJBCHISON F'OTEB The Newhaven Go, lately workrd by Jack Boss, has been taken in hand by J Boyd and W ROES. Besides some hundreds of pounds obtained by dollying, it returned 18dwt from a recant crushing, and should in the near futnre give a good account of itself. A new reef was discovered some eix miles in a northerly direction from Minara last week, Kir win and Testini being the prospectors. The reef is about 2ft wide, and the cap has already been exposed for three chains. It shows gold all along, and the proipects are considered most encouraging. The clean up of 151 tone from the Twilight reported recently, has given highly satisfac tory results, the total yield having been 173oz 12dwt. From the big lode 111 tons returned HOoz 5dwt, and from the leader 40 tons gave 63oz 7dwt. The owners are well pleated with the result, and more than satisfied with the treatment accorded their stone at the Cue Victory battery. Seven men are at present employed on the mine. The most Ba iBfactory progress ie, we learn, being made with the erection of the old bed, White, and Blue battery on Darlington Simpson's Minara leases. The plant should be in going oider by the end of next month or thereabouts. WEST AFRICA A xepresentative of Beuter's Agency has had a conversation with Mr George J. Bridges, who has just returned from a prospecting expedition in the auriferous regions in the western portion of the Gold Coast. Discussing the gold prospects, Mr Bridges said :— 1 Wuhin the p-st few months 10 wellquipped expeditions have gone up couutry with a view to examining the mineral prospects. Of thtse, several have been despatched by some of the most prominent meu connected with the Baud gold industry, fact which >-nffi jiently indicates the wisdom E Mr Ohamoerlain's policy in developing by rai w&y; extensive districts. I am 6t opinion that the country contiguous to the upper portion of the Ancobra Biver will be found to be very valuable, not so much for any Bensaiional finds as for the size and avarage permanent value of the reefs. Before my departure I visited all jbbe mines in the arkwa district, and gathered that the people were anxiously awaiting the completion of the railway to th t place. The line is expected to reach tbere at the end of next ye <r. By that time they should have alatge reserve of ore. and it will be an easy matter to get up sufficient machinery at about £2 per ton to inciease their output At Kaynian Kor a promiemg area has tieen under development for more than two years. This district is only 17 miles from the coast, with which it will probably be connected by a light railway.' FBASEB'S Ihe .manager of Fraser's reports for week ending October 18:—South drive Fraser's reef—No 5 level, No 2 shaft: Last weefc the lode was looking so strong coming in from the fooiw&li; that I decided tocro-scut into it, and so far vee have cut 7ft, and a drill hole is in 3|ft beyond chat; all in quartz. On hanging wall side we can se.e 6 t of lode, which n akes a toul widta of lode in sight of over 20ft, and to-day L SAW gold in several places ia crosscut. It can be understood from thie how important the development really is. Winze, north drive, FraserV, No 3 level. No 3 ehaft: Sunk for week, 5ft; total depth, 44Jft. This winze iB still very mullocfey. No 2 winze, routh drive, Fraser's xeef, No 4 level, i } o 2 shaft: Sunk for week, 7ft; total depth, 7ft. This winze iB being sunk immediately under winze on No 3 leve 1 , No 3 shaft, and is going down to So 5 level. So far it has gone on fair lode, and gold, has been seen on several occasions.. No 9 riee, No 1 shatt: Risen for week, 22ft; total height of rise, 96ft. This iiBe is now holed through to surface. Winze, No 2 level, No 1 shaft: Sunk for week 4ft; total depth, 13ft. This winze, is not looking quite so well a6 last week, lode seeming to be making over into hanging wall, but what stone tbere is carries fair gold. Crosscut, No 5 level, Fo 3 shalt: Extended far week 3Jft ; total distance from shaft, 101£ft. Prospecting shaft on south boundary : Sunk for week lift ; total depth of Bhaft, 185ft. I have now opened out at 182ft, got all timber in, and crosscut 6ft into foot wail of loie. I intend now driving north and south «n lode, and when clear of shaft will finish sinking well ; it is masing a tittle water, but having the engine we can ieasily cope with it, and now we have lest the Fraser's South Extended water it will not come 'amiss. : 8topee: The various stopes throughout the mine sre looking fairly well, as is the mine in general. THE KIMBERLEY BOGEY The Johannesburg correspondent of the London * Drily Telegraph' writes:— 1 No one ban be much in South Africa without being confronted with <he Ojjre of Kimberley. It is the stalking-horse of Socialism, When you are to be terrified bj the sins of capitalism Out comes this skeleton. In the palmy da;.s for eight or ten years after 1871, the iodi jpidual worker pegeed nut his claim and dug for .diamonds. A few had rare luck ; many met^with disappointment. Without koowtng it, the miner was delving iu the crater of a vo cano. By and by the Bide? began to fall in, Bhafts became necessary, and companies were formed. Eventually these companies amalgamated, and constituted a big monopoly, and then, to prevent robbery and illicit diamond buying, ail the colored empit yes were shut up in compo^n s. In this way Kimberley suffered, because among other things the Kaffirs no louger spent their earnings in the town—to a larg-; extent they had done so in maddening drink—but took them to their kraals to buy oxen, and so get wives and live happily ever afterwards. You are habitually warned that once the Uitlander capitalist gets powe r iu the Transvaal hs will follow the Kimberley example, create monopoly, and institute compounds. But gold and diamonds are wholly dissimilar An ounce of fine gold is worth about £4. Hottentot picked up a diamond weighing not quite three-fourths of an ounce, and sold it to a Dutchman for £400; the buyer parted wi' h it for £11,000, and then it passed into the poBeeBsion of ihe Coantess of Dudley becoming known as the ' Star of South h frica,' and valued at £25,000. ThePortor- Bhodes diamond, weighing about loz and fifth, was estimated at £60,000. In other words, these stones from Nature's laboratory, looking like crystals of glass—with a differ. ence—were considered by fashion's arbiter, weight for weight, 8,000 to 12,600 times more precious than gold. Hence th< fts were easy, and illicit buying paid well. Neither Kaffir nor European vir<ne was quite superior to the temptation, and without the compound system it is doubtful if any diamond wjrkin{;6 would pay. No such necessity exists in connection with gold-mining. Nor is any similar monopoly necessary to keep up the price. Unlike any other commodity—a fact which vitiates much of the reasoning on currency questions—gold is in nearly universal, permanent, »nd unlimited demand— at a fixed price. Not all the precions metal in Klondike, Bhodeeia, the Transvaal, Australia, and America seems likely to glut the world, and therefore there will be no gold monopoly. The ogre of Kimberley is spectre of the imagination, but, like other ghosts, folk will believe in it—until it is forgotten. GENERAL ITEMS During the fortnight ended October 21 Frasers Gold Mine crushed 900 tons of ore for a yield of 381oz 16dwt. The Union Bank export by the steamer WolJowra, wbich sailed from Albany on Tuesday night for Melbourne, was 12 boxes of gold bullion containing ll,973oz, valued at £45,765. Dr Karl Peters has arrived at Unyango, having crossed Macombie's country from north-east to south-west. The explorer discovered an ancient gold mine at Mt Swia. The report of the Calnmet and Hecla Copper Mines ou Lake Superior fox the year ending April 30 contains some interesting figures. Dividends for the year were 70dols per share, or a total of 7.000,OOOdols. For the previous year these dividends totalled only 4,000,000dols, with a greater production of copper than for the year just ended. For the current year the production of copper will be greater, and profits, of conrse, still larger. The present high price of copper warrants pushing the mine. Twenty-five ye*rs ago, the report states, they were hoist- ing 800 tons of ore. per dt>y from an averagt depth of 800ft on the dip of tbe vein. At present the capacity has reached as high as ,206 tons for a single day raised 3,800ft. he number of hands employed at present is; ,706. 