THE twentieth annual official report on the condition and progress of friendly societies in Victoria, which has just been issued, furnishes some interesting facts and figures, which deserve to be carefully weighed in the balance, as against the' hasty generalisa tions that are occasionally heard or read in the form of charges of im providence and extravagance against Australians in general and Vic torians in particular. Returns for 1897—the- last year dealt with by the actuary—show that there were at the close of that period 31 such societies in the colony, com prising in all 1031 branches. The number of members was added to during the year by 11,130, bringing the total to 84,012. By these no lesß a sum than £235,087 was contributed to the various funds, £117,424 having been paid to the sick and funeral funds and £120,665 to the medical and management funds,- while the outlay on medical attendance and medicine to members, and their families amounted to £85,441, equivalent to £1 4s 6d per effective member. The total sum disbursed by the societies in 1897 in providing the three kinds of benefits they assure to their members, medical attendance and medicine, sick pay, and funeral mbney, taking them in the order of their relative im portance, was £206,908. Thus the system of independent mutual aid in operation among these institutions at present involves the distribution to and for the beneficiaries of fully a fifth of amillion of pounds sterling every year. If to £1)106,218, the aggregate of th<* sick and funeral fund capital, there be added the medical and management fund capital of £37,415, as well as £18,210 belonging to the widows and orphans funds, £13,622 to the Congre gational Ministers’ Provident Societv, and £14,444 to other funds, chiefly “ benevolent and suspense,” the-total capital of the societies at the end of 1897 amounted to £1,189,909, which is equal to £l4 3s 3d per member, and interest to the amount of upwards of £40,000 per annum is being derived from investments. Gradually efforts are being made to.increase the number of societies or lodges for women, mainly, at present, in connection with : the Hibernian Australasiad'.Catholic Bene fit Society, and " the . extension of the benefits of the friendly organisa tions in this direction bliows satisfac tory progress. Dealing with Austral asia as a whole, the actuary shows that there are 3245 branches or lodges in the various friendly' societies in these colonies with a total membership of over 258,000; and, assuming that for each member three persons besides on the average participate in the medical sickness or funeral benefits of these societies, over 1,000,000 persons, nearly one-fourth of the total popula tion of the seven colonies, are con nected directly with the societies and share in the benefits incurred thereby. Victoria possesses 34 per cent, of the branches, over 31 per cent, of the members, and 38 per cent, of the capital belonging to the whole of the societies in the colonies; while the accumulated funds of the societies in Victoria exceed one million pounds, New Zealand and New South Wales coming next with upwards of half a million each, followed by South Aus tralia with nearly half a million. When it is remembered that these great sums are paid by the classes of people who constitute also the main holders of deposits in Victorian savings banks to the amount of £8,099,364 at the 6ama period, and many of whom, in addition, subscribe liberally to trades tinionß and various other protec* tive associations, the facts and figures ' indicate not only a high average of provision against inevitable sickness and death, but also a very com mendable degree of self-denial, pru dence, and thrift on the part of at least a considerable propor tion of that section of the population whose affairs form the subject of the report under notice. Victoria, it will be observed, occupies a specially credit able position in this respect, and should be particularly wary of entering on any legislative experiments as regards further provision for the relief of the aged poor, the community in enormous cost, and tend to check the spirit of thrift and provision for evil days which have been so largely de veloped by the friendly societies. Having regard to their records, it is even more imperative upon our poli ticians than upon those of the mother .land to consider very seriously the question propounded by Mr C. S. Loch, one of the most profound students of charity administration and benefit-society work, as to whether the State may not make a grave mis take in tendering promises of pro vision for all and sundry in their declining days, which promises must induce many people to act on the principle, "If we can get it for nothing there is no need why we should pro vide it for ourselves.’’ Considering the danger of encouraging this spirit, the most inimical to an honest and honorable democracy, Mr .Loch is evidently disposed, as many thoughtful minds in this colony will be, to favor leaving, and possibly aiding, the friendly societies to fulfil their mission, to meet new difficulties and new wants as they have met the old, and to con tinue to endow the community with those'most necessary gifts of delibera tion, -thrift, and social foresight— gifts implying a tone and temper of mind which Parliament may quickly undo and destroy, but which it can never readily restore or revive. Tba conference of Premier* mat on Saturday afternoon at tba Premier’d office in Melbourne to oonsider the am-ndments of New South Wales in connection with the Commonwealth Bill. It ia hardly probable that any informa tion ae to the work of the conference wifi be available till Monday or Tuesday evening. Onr Melbourne correspondent states that it is reported that the New South Wales Premier, Mr Reid, is disposed to iusist on the Federal oapitol being located in that colony. The Victorian eleven at Sydney retrieved the comparative failure of its first innings against New South Wales by scoring 27L for 5 wickets in the eeoond innings on Saturday, the first having closed for 215. Grahsm, who made 124; Worrall, with 6S, and Laver, with 55, were the principal scorers in the second innings. Victoria lias now an aggregate of 4SG runs with 5 wioketa to fall, as against the New South Wales’first inning’s soore of 412. With regard to the match at present pro gressing between New South Wales and Victoria, it may be of interest to know that it IB the G2nd. Of the games nlaye i, Victoria baß won 34 and New South Wales 27. That the interest in these contests' is maintained is proved by the large attendances. On Thurs day last the New South Wales oaptain won the toßs—nowadays a very important point. From 185 G (the year of the first match, won by Victoria) to 18G2 the visitors were allowed oboice of innings, but in January of the latter year Marshall, the Viotorian captain, tossed a coin and won. In their first innings of the present matuh New South' Wales scored 442, which is the eighth time their champions hare exoeeded 400 in a single innings in matobes between the two aolonies, the others being 775,576.570,465,412.407, and 403. Victoria has only scored over 400 in a single innings on three occasions, viz., 452, 470, and 420. Only one batsman has made three century scores in these matohe*, T. Hiran (102, 129, and 126); while Noble (by makiog 100 on Thursday) and Qraham (with 124 on Saturday) have joined the ranks of tbo'B who have made two ceatary scores, the others being A. Bannerman (117 and 101), S. P. Jones (109 and 100), fnrNew South Wales; and Saott (111 and 114), Worrall (109 and 103), and Walter* (112 and 106). for Victoria. The following batsmen have aggro gated over 1000 runs: —New South Wales—H. Moses, 1365; A B innarra an, 1289: T. VV. Garrett, 1163; Murdoch, 101.2; end -.lredsle (conuting hie 98 in tlii* match), 1012. Victoria —T. Horan, 1295; W. Bruce, 1253; G. EL Trott, 1130; Worrell (including his last GS), 1036; and Blaokham, 1027. Fifteen centcry Bcores have been made by New South Wales batsmen, and nigh'ueu by Viotorian. W. L. Murdoch has made the highest score in a single innings (321); and in the 37 played in Dsosinber, ISS6. Turner performed ' the.“h»t triok,’ bowling Palmer, Horan, and J. W. Trnmble. Messrs Clegg, Hell, and Miller, architects for the new woman's ward at tha hospital, have reoeived a.notification from the success ful tenderer for the ward—Mr Patrick Rogers, of Melbourne, to '.be effect that it is not his inteution to sign the oontraot. The result will probably be that the contract will fall to a loaal firm. A special meeting of the hospital committee haa been convened for to-night to oonsider the position, and it is highly probable tliattbe second tender will be accepted, seeing that the committee are already committed to an expenditure of £7087, while the next lowest tender will be under £7500, and as a reanlt nf accepting the second tender nearly the whole of the money will be, spent looally. - Tha reason given by Mr Rogers for daolining to sign the anntract is that he made an error in oaloulation.' Should the committee deoids to accept the second lowest tender, it is expeoted that the contract will be signed to morrow. Speoial services were held at St. Paul’s Church, Ballarat East, yesterday, in connec tion with the dedication festival of St. Paul. The Rev. Cannon Potter, M.A., of Melbourne, preaobed both in the morning and evening. In the morning he ohoao as hia text, Romans, xii., 6—“ Having, then, gifts differing accord ing to the grace that is given ne, whether prophecy, let ns prophe*y according to the proportion nf faith." Ho dealt with the life and teaching of St. Paul,.and drew a number of valuable lessons from them. In the evening the text olinsen was I. Samuel, iii., 1—" And the word of the Lord was precious in those days; there was no open vision.” The preacher drew a contrast between the first and second, part of the text, and dei scribed the word “open”-to mean capable of being widely distributed. This-was the open vision of God’a power, as shown in the works of Samuel. The other vision was only known to those who followed God, and 'in whose hearts the Holy Ghost dwelt. This was a secret vision of God's power known only to the individual concerned—a vision described in the text as precious. Although this vision was secret and locked np in the heart of mm, yet it was manife.a-ed in the life of him who possessed it. and in this manner bacime open, and its influ*nao was felt by:all with whom he name in oonlaot. Special mnsio was rendered by the oboir under the directorship of Miss Greaves, who also officiated at the organ. The chorale oho«en wae " To God on high,” and the anthem '* How lovely are the messengers." Mrs Hall rendered the solo “But the Lord ie mindful.” The site for the large gun from the Cerberus which has been presented to Ballarat has now bean marked off, according to the measure ments taken by Cr Shoppes whilst in Mel bourne last week, and steps will be taken to prepare a platform for it without delay. The gun is now available, and will be forwarded as soon as the mayor shall have intimated to the Defence Department that the council is ready for its reception. As previonsly men tioned, the piece of ordnance will be placed on the lawn at the gardens, about midway be tween the pavilion and the lake. The Sydney Turf Club Anniversary meeting was aonoludad at Rindwick on Saturday. Mr S. Kennedy's br g, Blair,' aged, by Blair gowrie, won tbo Corinthian Handicap, seven furlongs, in 1 min. 30J sec., and is engaged in the Oakleigh Plate at Sst Ulb, end the New market Hnndioap at BitT3lb. Ha has now in curred a penalty for each of then* races. The principal race, the Anniversary Handicap, was won by Mr H. Oxenbam’s b f Alemene, 4 yrs, by Gozo—lndustry, sister to Tho Grafter (winner of tba last Melbonrne Cap.) Ae Alemene got over the mile and a h alf on Saturday in the fast time of 2 min. 35J sec., and has hitherto been 'regarded as having mbre paoe than staying power, she must be danger ous in the Oakleigh Plate, Newmarket Handi cap, or even the Australian Cap, in which races -she will now have to carry Sat, Sst 41b, and 7st 91b respeotively. Thirty-four horses started in_ the Anniversary Handicap, and a serious acoideut occurred at the home tarn, where six horses (Shaaghraan, All There, Tubal'Cain 11., Johansen, The Captain, and Loob Leigh) fell. The first-named broke bis leg, and had to ba destroyed; while D. Cook (who rode Loob Leigh) and Cleal (the pilot of Tubal Cam II.) were badly injured and sent to the|bospital. Tha winner of Saturday's race (Alemene) and two of the other etarters (Prinos Carbine and Longford) were among the starters for the last Caalfield Cap, when young Flanagan (the rider of Robin Hood) was killed in the accident which took place daring that rac», for which there were thirty three etarters. In the High Weight Handiaap, sir fnrlongs, MrW. A. Longeoored a win with B-achoomber, 5 yrs, by Loobiel—Seaweed, Dozen being seaond, and Platinum third. These three bor*es are very favorably handi capped in the Viotorian short races, and may be worth remembering when they are being decided. Daring the coarse of his entertainment at the Mechanics’ Institute nn Saturday night, Mr C. A. Sampson issued sundry challenges to meet seven or fourteen men ia trials nf their onmbined strength against his for £2OO or £250. Yesterday a number of residents of the City and distriot waited upon him to endeavor to come to terms, bat the conditions whioh they proposed did nut commend themselves as fair to tbeir would-be opponent, nor were bis prooositions acceptable; to them. The nego tiations accordingly proved fruitless. The danger of allowing persons suffering from infeotioas diseaees to travel in vehicles used by the general public has often been pointed nut; but it would eeom that in Borne case*, although supervision is osaally exer cised, the infected parsons manage to evade the observation •of the authorities, and travel with the public. On Thursday last a little girl who was suffering from snarlet fever wae brought from Beaufort to Ballarat in the train, and from the station walked to tha Hospital where Bhe wae admitted. The girl, who was in the stage of the disease at whioh the risk of infection is greatest, is said to have travelled with a number of other passengers in the railway carriage, and the persons who brought her here managed to pass the officials at both stations. There was, it may be pointed ont, not the slightest need for tha risk to be run, for had the parents communicated with the police at Beaufort they would have arranged for bee isolation nn the journey, and also for the City ambulance to have met her at the Ballarat station. Liability to a penalty ie incurred by persons who allow a patient so infected to travel in the ordinary passen ger oarriages to the danger of. anyone who may be therein. - , \- laooms.tax forms for the year 1899 are now procurable at the Post Office, tbs rnilway station, and other public offices. They must be lodged with the commissioner before the lßb March next. Every person oarrying on business, whose gross sales or reoeipts are over £2OO, and every other person with a net income over £2OO, is compelled by law to make a return. The business man, if bis gross Bales are under £3OO, may lodge a declaration instead of making a detailed return. Every wage or salary earner mu3t lodge a return if his annnal inonrae is over £2OO. Dsfanlt»ra will receive no warning, but will be summoned forthwith. A painful sensation was caused at the Old Cemetery -on Saturday, at tha funeral of William Passangar. The ooffiu had been taken from the hearse, ana was being borne to tho grave, when one of the bearers—Mr Griffith Edwards, a middle aged mao, living in South Btreet—was observed to stagger and fall. This naturally caused the coffin to slip from the shoulder of hia comrade, Mr Landvoght, but tha latter reoovered it before it touohed the ground. It was then taken to tha bearers over the grave and left there for a time, in order that attention might be paid bo the living. Ib wae very evident that Mr Edwards was in a critical condition, and though every effort was made to restore animation it was without avail. While life remained tha Rev. Mr Hudson, who was conducting the funeral servioe over Mr Passenger’s remiins, prayed • for the stricken man, bat when life was extinct the body was removed to the mortuary ohapel at the cemetery, and the ■interrupted funeral servioe was completed. The sad task of breaking the news to Mrs Edward* was performed by Mr Hudson. Meanwhile Mr Steve Wellington, who was oonduoting tho funeral, ascertained that the deceased had been treated by Dr Teevan, and, having procured a certificate of death, re moved Mr Edwards’ body to his late resi dence. It apoears that the deceased had consulted Dr Teevaa no later than 2 o’clock that afternoon, and at the time of his death had in his pocket a. bottle of medicine whioh be had obtained for his complaint. Dr Teevau had told Mrs Edwards that her husband was suffering from heart disease, and was not: likely to live long, whilst he might die Bud dsnly at any time. The deoeasad leaves a widow and four children. Christian Jensen, 44 years of age, de3orib.ing himself as a carpenter, was arrested lest night by Plaiu-olotbea Constable Montague on a charge of larceny of a Vienna obair, valued at ss. He was lodged in the Ballarat East watohhoase. Tho Ballarat Operative Bakers’ Society held, its monthly meeting at the Trades’ Hall on •Saturday night. The president, Mr C. Osborne, was in the ohair. A motion, “ That the secretary’s salary be reduced," was rejaoted. It was unanimously agreed that lists of .tbs arrears of. unfinanoial members ahuuld be tabled at eaoli meeting. Tha recom mendation of tbo board, that £lOO be placed in the Bank of Australasia by two trustees, was approved of, Messrs R. Hood and J. Karwiok being appointed trustees. The secre tary wae instructed to write to two members, informing them that unless they made them selves good on the sooiety’d books by next meeting their namea should be expunged from tha list of members. A fine of .20s against a membsrfor a breach of the rales was remitte|d. The committee were requested to frame an estimate for the display on tha forthcoming eight hoars’ anniversary. Messrs Giles and Hsymea were appointed delegates to the eight hours’ committee. Notice was given of a motion that the eooiety’s books- be closed against the admission of now members for three months. An improved method of treating nightsoil will be demonstrated at the Eastern depot at 2 u’olook to- day. At tha City Court on Saturday, before Messrs Johns, P.M., and Clark, J.P., Charles' Haase was charged with assault. The cir cumstanoes as detailed by Plainclothes-Con stable Rogerson were that on the previous night a disturbance was created at the Com mercial hotel, Armstrong street, and when it ceased it was discovered that tha till had been robbed of some few shillings. Haase, who was in the bar, then ran away. A yonng man named Kelly followed and stopped him, whereupon Haase turned, and drawing a bootmakers’ awl from his pocket stabbed Kelly in the wrist, inflioting a slight wound. He wae then taken back to the hotel and given 'in charge. No evidence was forthcoming to connect him with the robbery, and ia regard to tba assaulc ho explained that he had become alarmed and acted on the spur of the ' moment. Ha was sentenced to Beven days’ imprisonment. In connection with the sadden death on Friday of Mrs Emma Tregonning, of Peel street, Ballarat East, reported in Saturday’s Star, Dr Champion held a postmortem examin ation on Saturday morning, and furnished a certificate to the offset that death was due to Bright’s disease. The certificate was sub mitted to Mr W. D. M’Kee, J.P., who did not deem an inquest necessary, and gave an order for burial. Five inebriates ware looked up in Ballarat East last night. . Mr E (ward Irvine, brother of Mr Hana Irvine, the well-known vigneron and mining investor, met with a painful accident on Friday at Ballan.' He was riding, when bis Horse fell, throwing him, and fracturing one of his arms. The fraoture wbb reduced by a local doator, and on Saturday Mr Irvine came to Ballarat, where lie is now staying. After the aoaidont be remounted his horse, and, with his broken arm, rode to the dootor’e residence. Constable Harley on Saturday afternoon discovnred an old man named George Lloyd, aged 63 years, lying in the hay market id a state of collapse. Lloyd was conveyed to the Hospital, bat as he was suffering from no particular malady, but solely from went of nourishment, ho wae not admitted. He was then handed over to tho care of the Silvation Army. He states that he haa bseu for no leas than 52 yesra a resident of the colony. Under an Act recently passed, tho Government allows the Army to taka charge of snoh oases under certain circumstances pending arrange ments for their admission to a oharitable institution. The City branoh of the Australian Natives’ Association will meet to night. Mr Frank Williams will dolivHr an address entitled “An Australian abroad." Visitors are cordially invited. A Gsrman explorer of Equatorial Africa the Graf Von Goetzeu—who has just returned to his native land, in oompany with Ilia two heroic companions—Dr Kersting and Herr Von Prittartz—after sacaeßsfully traveling the whole nf tho country lying between Pan gain, opposite Zinzibar, on the East Coast, and Keronodou, 'on the Congo, nnd then followed that river to its ontfall at the Atlantic, has had the honor of discovering an active and very remark ible volcano about three degrees westward of the Victoria Nyanza Like. According to the description given of it in a book which the count has just pub lished in Germany, the higheat peak of the mountain, kuown to tha natives as Keronnga,’ somewhat exceeds 10,400 feet above the level of the ssa. The ascent was accomplished by the travellers and their blank attendants in the face of great diffionltiea, owing to the elopes of the mountain aa they approached tha plateau containing the crater being seamed with fissnres, and covered with blocks of atratafied lava and trachyte, which had formerly vomited in red hot eataraota from a oone now silent. But from a second fumerole ascended a * steady aolumn of black smoke whioh expanded, at a certain elevation, like a vast umbrella of darkness. Standing on the edge of the orater, they found themselves looking down into a stupendous arena, tea times as larga as tha area of the Collieaenra at Rome, elliptical.in shape, about 2000 yard* lone and 1500 yards wide, and lying from 600 to 900 feat • below tha summit of the blocks of lava, whioh rose lika a wall anmud it. Deosoding into this arena, half euffoated by tha anlphuroua fume* which e*caped from its surface, tha travellers ijaasd with awo upon tha huge jat of flame, lurid vapor, and dense smoke, whioh rose without intermission from the eaotiva vent of the voloano, the outline of whioh appeared to baas perfect a circle as if it had been mathe matical iy traced; while- a subdued resembling mufflsd thunder, and a hissing sound, heard at irregular intervale beneath their feet, caused the natives to recoil and tremble with fear. The count obtained some excellent photographs of the voloano, whioh give one a vivid idea of its grandeur. The afternoon train from Melbourne to Bal larat on Saturday waa delayed for some time . at Werribee owing to an axle becoming over heated. The heat waa bo great that the wood work began to emontder, and the passengers were somewhat alarmed. As soon ae the train reached Werribee tha passengers were transferred to another oarriage, and the damaged one was ran on to a aiding. The train was three- quarters of an hour lata ae a result of the mishap. ' After Dr Neild’a laoturo on Sliakeßpeare at the City Hall on Friday night the Ballarat Shakespeare Society entertained a namsroua company, inoiudiug members of that body and almost every local representative of the medical profeesiou, at a very enjoyable supper at Craig’s hotel. Mr John Robson, J.P., presided in a characteristically felicitons mannor, giving point to all his remarks from tiins to time by apt quotations from Shakes peuro, of which his singularly retentive memory, apparently, never fails to furnish one opposite to the topio or iooidont of -the moment. Mr Robson proposed the toast of the chief gneßt of the evening. Dr Neild, in terms of eulogy of that gentleman’s long and honorable connection with the Melbourne Shakespeare Society as one of- its founders and pillars, and proceeded to a general appreciation of his character and osreer. Dr Neild acknowledged with deep grati tude the very hearty reception aoodrded to him, and remarked that he viewed the seeming strength and vitality of the local. Shakespeare Society as one of variouß notable evideuoes of a healthy and vigorous intellectual life in Ballarat, which had both surprised and gratified him. He had been highly pleased to see so large an andienoe assembled to hear bis lecture, arid bo represen tative a gathering subsequently to do booor to him, and. hoped to have the pleasure of re visiting Ballarat to deliver another address. Mr J. Noble Wilson submitted the toast of “Tha Ballarat Shakespeare Society” in tsrmß well adapted to stirring the younger members to a fuller appreciation of the mental pleasures and benefits to be darived from a study nf the works uf the greatest of dramatists. He re called memories of notable exponents of Shakeaperian characters, and paid a tribute to the highly praiseworthy presentments of some of those great creations that had been given locally by Mr John Robson and Mr W. L. Paine. Mr D. J. Wheal acknow ledged the toast on behalf of the society, expressing the hope that that body woatd soon prove to have entered upon anew life and a period of accelerated progress, and that it would arouse a growing interest in its pro ceedings. Mr W. Whidbnrn proposed the toast of the visitors in cordial, well-aho3en terms, and Dr Pinnock was requested by the abairman, in a few highly laudatory remarks, to respond. The toasts of the press and the chairman onnclndad the list. An exoallent rendering nf the “Death of Nelson,” by Mr J. Mscgratli, and an admirable illustration of Mr W. L. Paine’s faultlessly aocurate study, intelligent reading, and effective recitation of selections from Shakespeare agreeably varied the proceedings. William Stodden, a resident of Yarrowee Btraet, met With a painful accident on Situr day. Whilst he was working at the Aoadsmy of Mnsic a briok fell, just grazing his head, and inflicting a lacerated wound of the scalp. He was promptly conveyed to the Hospital, where he received the necessary attention. The strained relations existing between certain neighbors residing iu Msin street en gaged attention at tha Town Court yesterday, when a email boy named Gregory O’Shea, who recently broke into a bootshop, was proceeded against on a oharge of having thrown stones on the 23rd inat. John Palmer gave evidence to the effect that tie had patiently Buffered years of perseoation and annoyauce at the hands of members of the O’Shea family, and on tha 23rd inst. hie boase, hiß servant, and himself were made targets of in a manner that drove him to each a state of exasperation that. he took out a summons. Tha evidence of the O’Sheas was to the effect chat thoy had been much troubled by the omplainanr, and that the little bov had uever thrown etouea. Mr Gregory O’Shea stated on oath that he would not tell a lie for ail that Ballarat was worth; and Mrs O’Shea made the startling offer to bring “ witnesses from the cemetery” to prove that her eon had been there at a certain time, and therefore ooald not have bean indulging in the pastime 1 of throwing atones at the oomplsinsnt at .the time. In view of the fapt that Mr Palmer had no corroborative evidence, the case was dis missed with 10s 61 costs. ' Mr F. Ham ap peared for the defence. The transfer of Lieutenant Nichnll to the 3rd Battalion from the reserve of militia offi cers Ib gazetted. Lieutenant Nionoll will rank in the battalion next after Lientenant A. G. O. Hart. t The following oases of injuries resulting from accidents were treated at the Hospital on Saturday:—Peter Duggan, living in Albert street, abrasions of the face, the result of a fell from a baggy through the bolting of a horse. _ Wra. Franklin, living in Clarendon street, incised scalp wound about au inch iu length, the result of a blow from another man. S.mual Tarrant,- 12 years of age, living with his parents in .Eureka street), incis.ed wound ot one of bis fiogora, with several tendons cat,-the resale of a fall upon some broken glass. The programme for the Lsxtoa Turf Club racing meeting, to be held on Wednesday, loth prox., appears elsewhere. It includes a Trial Handioap, Lexton Handicap, Grass-fed Stakes, Pyrenees Handioap, Selling Race, and Flying Handicap.) Entries close on Monday, 6th prox., and V.R.C. rules will be strictly adhered to. The following appointments have been gazetted:—Eliza M’Gowan, of Mount Clear, to be deputy electoral registrar of tha South road division of Warrenheip electorate, vice Felton Griggs, resigned; Senior Constable Downey to be rioting registrar at Beaufort; and Dr R. W. Lethbridge to he medical superintendent of the Ballarat Luoatio Asylum. Dr Barker, formerly medical super intendent of the-Asylum, has been transferred to the same position (acting) at Ararat. .The annual. assembly .of . tha. Primitive Methodist Chur oh (Viotoriu arid Tasmania) will bo held in Launceston during the present and next week. -The delegates appointed to represent tha Ballarat circuits are tha Rsv. C. Anthony and Meesra Pryor, Troon, and Lancs barry. Tha opening religious service will be ooriduoted on Thursday evening noxt, when the Rev. F. C. Vian (general committeß' dele gate) will preach whit is known aa the district sermon. Avery fall programme has been printed in the form of a souvenir in memory of what is nnnonuoed to be the last Primitive Methodist Assembly in Tasmania. Delegates will leavo Victoria by the Coogee to-morrow, at 12 noon. Thornes Darley appaated at the Town Court on Saturday, on a charge of heviag unlawfully deserted his wife, Mary Louisa Darley, at Bendigo, on the 12th inst. Dirlay, who dosoribee himself aa a hawker, was arrested on Friday night, on a warrant by Plain clothes Constable Montague. He was re raanded to appear at Bendigo to morrow, bail being allowed in one surety of £25 and on hie own reoognisance for the seme earn. At the City Court on Sitnrdey nu unfor tunate woman, who carried a child in her arms, was charged with lunacy. The evidonoe showed that she was unfit to be at large or to hare the onstody of her child. She waa Bent to the Wendouree Asylrnn, and her child was committed to the Nagleoted Children's Department. Two or three debt oases were disposed of, and an assault oiae completed the list. _ Messrs Johns, P.M., and Clark, J.P., presided. Some exceptionally good harvest returns are being obtained from tha thrasher in the Eurambeen district of Riponahire. In ordiaary seasons five bags of wheat per acre is considered good. This year, however, Mr P. O'Loughlin hid a yield of IOJ bigs per ante. Another farmer had 9 bags per acre. Mr Morgan O’Brien had 30 aorag of Algerian oats whioh gave a return of 3G.J bushels per acre. 