SHORT ST OR Y~ the mmim o'keeffe. * The fox muBt sleep sometime, tbe wild deer must rest; ?An* treachery will pray on the heart iv the bait.' Gbakub O'Bbjes. D'te aee that slaBh up there in the faoe iv the mountain down apiece middle ways from the white cap iv the enow P Yea, that's it. Well, ehnre its oalled tbe cave iv daughter, and im the hiding place iv Jim O'Keeffe, Ihe Bibbonman. in the dark time that's gone: Here's a patch iv brown rook in front ; and iv a summer's evening whin the eon is going down, behind the shoulder of the hill there, .. into the Itlantio, the last taste iv a glance he throws on these parts is on that slioe iv rook and makes it as red as blood. And the boys Jnd girls coining in from the fields, looking at it, sajB, blessing theirsels and whispering : 4 The blood iv the ftibbonman is shining very strong to-night. May God porteot us from all halt or harm.* Iv a bonfire night too, whin the boys are hauling down the furze and the bog aldher and the big bundles iv the heath to make the fire here in the borheen, aud keep the blight off the potaty garden, I go bail there's not wan iv thim would put a bill-hook into that ride iv the mountain for fear iv disturbing the last sleep iv tbe Bibbonman O'Keeffe and the false- hearted, beautiful girl who's there bnried near him, -Jf the soljers who've their lodging till the Last Day in the bog mould iv Oorrin. , Story is it? Wisha 'tis the pityful story, and some iv the womin don't be in the bettor of hearing it, and will set up crying and nllagocin', which is the nathure iv the oraythnrs. Faith, I hear me grandfather, forty years ago, telling it over and over again, eetting down in the chimbley corner, lighting his pipe wid a dhry potaty stalk to give a flavour to the bit iv tobacoy. Begor it's oftin it gev meself a (hake tlnm times going up to bed, afterwards thinking and obramicg iv blood and murther and ghosts and banshees ; a young gossoon that bad no since and was afeard iv the shadows the heel iv the fire was making on the wall. Be what me gran'father tould rnt it all took place after the battle iv Vinegar Hill. The ould cause was gone to the mischief, and the poor people was slaughtering be gangs iv soljers and Hessians who were tramboosing around the conthry ating and dhrinking and murthem' be Marshal Law for satisfaction, and to quieting the Rebels, iu they said, after the Bebellion. You oouldn't call a horse or a cow or a hin or a Shaypurth yer own, to say nothing iv yer wt and body ; and the divil a snuff iv a ndle could ye light after nightfall for fear iv drawing the soljers to the house and they hanging ye for thrayson. Host iv the boys around this place that wasn't shot. or hung took to the mountains; living on the rabbits and hares and the dhrop iv potheen, and taking vingance whin they see the opportunity. ' Woe betide the B:d Coat that would dare to show his nose up the side iv Oorrin. Many's the party fight irss in and around here, I can tell you, whin the boys would stale d^wn wid their pikeB in their bands, and take a gang iv the soljers nnaw^res, and Ijve thim there^wid. their baoks in the bog a'tnale for the crows and hawks. Sometimes you'd find as many as half a dozea.lv the soljers hanging from the *t$ree there beyant at the oross roads, in the morning; thin the people knew that the Bibbonmen were out the night before. Sometimes again 'twas some dacent father *sd mother's child., from the village you'd find caught and hanged be the'soljers, or maybe lying dead down in a drain or a bog hole wid.agash in his breast, after crawling In, the craythur, for a dhrink iv WBther to feise the f aver that was*burning in his inside. ' SThe heed ol all the Bibbonmen was Jim O'Keiffe, a strapping man, I.hear me grand father say, six .feet in his stocking vamps, and A carpenther be ttade. He was tidy at BettlitR ita handles for the oroppy pikes, and as strong and as courageous a boy as fever took to the moan tains to strike a : blow for poor Ireland; ~ ' . -? ? . God help us, 'twas little use for him in the bid. Wbatbetween the soljers always oomin' , no matter how many you kilt, and picking tiff or hanging wan tuan tbis time and an tther the next time, at long last he oame to' ave co wntji only., hlnjself, and it's up there fihide he w^B in the oave %ld nothing for 6on-p^ but his ould flint lock iv a gun. He'd onep down sometimes, and whin the jhroopera wafe galloping apaat on the road utera d be the report if the gun, and wan IttJdle w-uld be a bit lighter, or maybe two It be got the chance, a$d the Sassanaoh Wljer would have a qqnld resting plaoe on the side iv the toad wid his brains in the flit oh, for O'Ketffe oonldn't afford to mits a ihot, not having the po'wdher to spare. As for ketohing mm wanst he had the start I through the bogs and hills, faith ! you bight I as well think iv ketohing the lightning. If he got hie heels into the shaky bog tbey oouldn't follow him beoanse there was only one way through it, and they didn't know that ; and if yon missed yer footing giing I afther him, yoa'd be swallowed down end niver heard of again. The shaky bog ran tip to the foot iv the mountain ? there! you can see it yerself stretohing away there beyant the fields. At length and at last the Government said, I suppose, theyM stand it no longer, seeing all (heir soljers going for nothing, and bate be wan man ; and, faith, they pat oat a re waid for O'Keeffe, dead or alive, and sint a half a regiment of soljers in tbe village to take him be fair means or foal, and find oat Sphere the divil he was hiding at all. Howsomever, wid all the searching and or off? hackling and rewards, no wan would tell through the. maces iv being so fond iv O'Keeffe, and hating the name iy an in former that runs down wid curses through the riven generations. -P Moreover, they didn't know where he was hiding; no wan knew that but his sweetheart, Kathleen O'Moore— and ehnre 'twas the misfortune day for him that he had anything to say to fur Kathleen was as handsome a girl as ever stepped on the pink flowers iv the heath ; tall and straight as the mountain ash, wida shapely face the oolour iv the red apples in Autamn, and eyes aB blaok as the sloes on the blaokthorn whin the first touch iv the , ?froBt is hardening the heads iv the curly j cabbage. She was dairy maid up at the Great House kept in thim times be wan Mr j Delauy, a dacent man although u Protestant and a magistrate to boot; and he used to interfere to save the poor people from the soljers whin) it could be done, which, God knows, wasn't very/-ftin. Herself and O'Keeffe were very great wid I wan another bBforc the Rebellion, and whin he took to the mountains tnanj's tbe time he^stole down in the dark night to have a word, or maybe a Ues, from her ; rutining Lis neck into the halter for that same. Twice or three times in the week she'd slip but in the night time, or in the mists in the knoming across the passage iv'the shaky bos; that ho showed bra, and bring up the knouthful of dacent vittles undber her cloak, Or maybe the little dhrop to keep up his tourage. Pjople said that only for her he'd be gone away to France long ago in a ship than used to run iu the keg of brandy below the rooks for the gintiy, be smuggling, and the divil a word said about the duty, thrsiaon or no. The neighbours niver cared very mnoh about the same Kathleen, she was so flighty and quare in hersnlf — always thrying to put en the airs iv the quality, and dhressing herself up out iv all xaison wid the gowns that the young ^Mistresses used to give her Whin they'd some down from the Oastle afther tbe Lavees, or whatsomever they call It. She used to say, she was as good a lady as any iv thim, and handsomer be far if she only got the ohanoe iv showing herself off. People thought it waa very baa nsythur iv twe tp ft like in «ubh' a state o) throuble and misfortune, through the maneelv the soljers, snd the hanging, and the starvation, and the divil knows what, that was going on at the time, and that 'twas no good luck she'd bring to Jim O'Keeffe in the long run. The soljers, as I say, oome for tbe taking of Jim O'Keeffe, because the Government were getting in dbread ivhim; an£ the man who had charge iv them was Oaptain Lennox, a tall, handsome Englishman, wid his long boots, and his red coat all covered with gold lace, and a three-oorner hat on his heBd, and a long sword hanging be his side. Oh, there's no two ways about it, he was a grand man entirely I He see a lot of fight ing, 'twBB said, in France and Spain and other foreign latitudes, and was a regular divil at dhrinking, and all sorts and sizes iv raking and roguery; and asfor the girls, the deuoe a wan of thim iver eit eyes on him that wouldn't climb the hobs iv Hell to get a smile from the Oaptain. He was stopping at Mr JOelaney'e house while he was hereabouts; soouring the country all day for poor Jim O'Keeffe, and dbririking and danoing and bard playing all night, and 'twas there he first sat eyes on Kathleen O'Moore ; and bad lack to him for hiB throuble anyhow. Thin quare ctories began to be going around, abont the Oaptain meeting Kathleen outside in the grounds and whispering to her ; and her airs were getting grandher every day ; and she was tying up hei hair like the young Mistesses, and talking Ecglifbd like the Oaptain ; and saying it's not the likes iv Jim O'Keeffe she need be depending on ; and people began to thrimble for the Bibbonman, and the fooliBh girl that had his life in her hands. All at wanst she dhropped off going next or near O'Kenfe, and the talk about herself and the Oaptain got loudher andlcudher. Iv oourse not a sowl dare to say 1 boo,' for fear iv bringing the soljers down on their self, and thin 'twould only be the rope and the branob iv a three, and no more law or logio about it. ft o wan could see the Bib bonman, aither to givertum the beck or put him on his gaard, not railly knowing where ho was, and in dhread iv being followed if tbey went looking for him. The upBhot iv it was that, I suppose he got tired iv being be himself all day in the mountains, thrying to snare a rabbit or stale on a plover ; or he was unaisy in his mind about Kathleeu, thinking Bhe was kilt maybe, or in some throoble ; anyways, ;he slipped down wan night, picking his stepB wid no more noise than a shadow. He orocsed the shaky bog, frightening the snipe, and thin went over the ploughed fields and across the road into the grove baok iv Mr Delany's house: He olimbed up the wall iv the demasne as smooth as a oat afther a blackbird, and hid ing among the ivy, looked over into the lawn to see if the coast was olear, bo that he'd give the soreeoh iv the onrlew three times, whioh was the token he always gave whin he wanted her to come out. Juat aB he peeped in he see the glitter of a goold uniform, for the night was beginning to get lightsome, though the moon waBn't doe for another hour at laist. He made out the figure iv a tall soljer crawling along the shrubbery, houlding his sword undher his arm, and poking hiB way, afeard iv making a noise. O'Keeffe got a start whin he see this, and pat bis haud on the long knife that he had Btack in the belt around his waist. But, no ; the divil a notioe the other took iv him, only stood ondher a three near at hand, and gave a whistle, and a couple iv minutes afther a woman walked aisy and quiet down the grass iv the lawn, and joined the soljer ondher the three. Who was it but Kathleen O'Moore 1 The Bibbonman held hie breath, find couldu't believes his eyes | etiLl, there she was, and sure he ought to know her be fore anyone else in the world. They were talking a piece in whispers, and thin they moved over near where he was doubled up in the ivy iv the wall, and he oould hear what they were saying. 'Oh, OaptBin, jewel,' says Kathleen, 'I'm getting uneasy in me mind ; afeard we'll be found out. How is it going to ind at all ?' 'Don't you throuble yer party head, me darling girl,' says the Oaptain (for faith, it was Oaptain Lennox himself). They had more whispering, and the Oap tain Btooped down and kissed the girl. The Bibbonman's heart stopped, and he was ketcbisg his knife wid a sevare grip. ' You know where the dam Rebel is hid ing, Kathleen,' says the Captain. 1 1 hear be all accounts that he was a lover iv yoars.' 'He ased to be, Captain, dear,' says Kathleen, ' bat share that was before yev pat the oomehither glance on me,- and stole me heart from him altogether. I don't care now if I never saw him again.* ' Very good,' says the Captain, 1 I'll tell ye what we'll do. I'm anxions to get oat iv this boghole iv a country, and marry you and take yon over to England ; snd it's the fine 'life and dhresees and all sorts iv grandheur you'll have, and nothing to throuble you for the rest iv yer life.' ' And will 1 be with yer squills aud all the grand ladies?' says the foolish girl. 1 Aye, that you will,' says the Oaptain. ' And it's a finer lady you are than the best iv them. Howsomever I can't stir a peg until we ketch O'Keeffe, and if yoa showed us where he was it's not long nor laisy we'd be in surrounding him, ana thin you and meself were off to England wid no wan a bit the wiser iv it.' ' Shure, if I bethrayed him,' says Kath leen, ' it's hanging him ye'd be, and what would he do thin f I don't oare mnoh about him now, Captain, bat I wouldn't like to see him hung for all that.' ? That's the mistake you're making,' says the Captain. ' He won't be hung at all, if you show us where he is. Out iv regard for yerself I'll spake to the Government and get him only transported, and he'll be left out again afther a year to two ; but if we take him by any other meanB it's hung or shot he'll be without any parleying.' ' And I'd be only saving his life to be giving him np P' says Kathleen. ' That's all,' says the Oaptain ; ' and the day you do we'll get married and set sail for Ould England.' ' And suppose I was going to sea him in the morning, whin the mist is on the moun tain, and that you and yer men followed me, and found him out, shure, thin it wouldn't be my fault,' says the Judas iv a girl. * That's exaotly how it would be man aged,' sayB the Oaptain, wid a laugh. Just thin the Bibbonman jwas loosening wan iv the top atones in the wall to send it crashing thro' ihe Captain's skull, whin, as bad laok would have it, it slipped away and down into the lawn, making some noise. ' Stop, stop,* says Kathleen, ' what's thatP' ' Oh, it's only an owl, or a oat, or some thing in the ivy,' says the Oaptain. 1 How soinever we'll see,' and drawing his sword he walked over and dhruv it in into the ivy. Bat the son of the mountains, wid the feet iv the weaile and tbe sinews iv the red deer, swung himself clear iv the wall, and dinging hiB leg into a young fir three dhropped out into the grove, not stirring a lafe, as light as a bird. He walked ofl undher the threes without a sound and out on the road again, and across over the ditoh into the fielda. Here he stopped for a pieoe, dhrawing hi; breath hard and hie head sunk down on hiB shoul dhers like as if he was stuck wid a knife, and he looked back wanBt wid a groan and wiped his eyes wid the sleeve iv his coat ; thin he walked away slow to the shaky bogv No wan oould tell the quare eights and Bounds the Bibbonman see and heard tbat night. The moon was just climbing the baok iv the mountain whioh was all dark yet wid tbe rays shining out on aioh side looking like a big blaok figger wid two- white arms stretching out to weloome home the broken hearted outlaw. As he passed undher the threes be the roadside the big owl that oomes out in the night Happed her wings in his faoe. A moaning sound was spreading in the tops iv the branohes that shivered befor it and began wailing aroand him, and, he cuvn ing keen for the lart JirtJB race. : _ whQelie ? wint aoross iti the yellow light, ha met the Foxy Woman that walks the ploughed fields in the Spring,' wid he long shawl covered be her red hair, and her corpse faae and her staring eyes looking at the moonlight; and shore seeing her manes sadden death. Going into the shaky bog the snipe rose np wid a soreeoh, and whirled about wid the moon shining on their wet wings, and thin dhropped down again like tailing stars (share his star was falling tou l) : and slip ping up tbe Bide iv the mountain he sees the whith fog that the sou'- west wind was blow ing in from the Itlsntio spreading over the land like a winding sheet iv the dead. But he walked into the oave with a hard look on his faoe,- and didn't mind the warning that his dead and gone relations were sending him iv his doom. The plaoe was all dark inside, so he strack the flint and eteel, and went over to a oorner and took up a handful iv the 'boohaleen' that was lying there, and made a bit iv fire for himself, and he sat down on the stone overright it. 1 1 don't oare whether they see the fire or the smoke to-night,' says he, 'or whether they take me or not. Lave thim take me ana hang me ; it's no heart I've for any thing else, only I'd like to strike wan blow fust. Ooh, she sowled me to the Sassanaoh, and shore I'd have laid at her feet and given her me heart's blood if she only said the word.' Then he took a pall at the 'potheen' (and share the oraythur wanted it) and sat down on the stone again, looking hard at the blaze wid Dig tears running down his brown oheeks, and he snuffing and trying to keep thim baok. He bBgan afther a piece ham* ming wan iv the onld tunes and biting time wid ub leg agin the floore, bringing baok the timeB whin himself and Kathleen were danoing at the oross roads wid the light iv love and fun in their eyes, and Thady Murphy, the piper, squeezing the bag and blasting out the finest jig that ever woke up merriment in boy or girl. Now and thin he used wipe the cears off his faoe and give a bit iv a moan, and thin he'd take a pall al ways at the potheea. By and bye the mist stole up the mountaiu and he sees it standing at the opening iv the cave like as if it oame to keep company with him in his Borrow, for they had spint night afther night together on the heath, and many's the time it rose and oonsayled him whin the Hessians or the Sassanachs were staling on his thraoka. He must have gone to sleep thin, beoaose the next thing he seea was the bright morn ing Btraiming in and Kathleen standing in the fog at the entrance iv the oave wid a basket in her hand. ' I'm afther ooming, Jim,' says she, ' wid the bit to ate for you. I wasn't able to be here at all, all the week ; and Jim, asthore, how are you P' He got up straightening himself and looked at her as she tried to smile the lie out iv her faoe. 'I don't want it, Kathleen,' says he; ' fll niver take the bit and the sup out iv yer bands agin.' ' What ails yon, Jim 'r' says she, notioing bis dhrawn faoe and the terror iv his eyes. ' Heavens 1 yer hair is white.' And so it was as white as the fog that was peeping over her ahoaldhers. He walked over to her and looked into her face, and the big tears rolled down his oheeks. As she looked at the splendid man standing like a statue in oold despair, and see the tears trickling away, Bhe thought iv the joy iv the ould timeB, aud the way his footsteps in the borheen in the evenings used to make her heart bate, and then her troaohory to him leaped up -biasing -balara. her eyes, and her head fauug down in horror and Bhame. ' Bun, Jim,' says she all at wanBt, ketoh ing him be the arm and thrying to drag him like a mad woman, 4 run for the love of the Blessed Virgin. You're eould; the soljers is coming. Oh, God forgive me! Him, asthore, and save yerself ; I'll stop here ; share lave them kill me.' . ' No,' Bays the Bibbonman, wid a tonoh iv pride in his voice, ' I'll not run ; I'll stand me ground and die like a man. Bun? and lave yon to be— —God iv Heaven — what ? ... Ah, Kathleen ! you'll never kiss the Sassanaoh soljer again.' And saying this, he drew the knife out iv his belt and dhruv it into her heart. She shivered and thried to spake, bat the blood ru3hed oat through her moath, and she fell on the floore dead. He stopped for a minnit looking at her wid the eame wild stare in his eyes, and thin softened a bit and Btooped down blinded wid the tears and kissed her forehead, for the blood was flowing from her lips. Thin he leaped to hia feet and ran over and took up his gun and his powder horn and made out. The mist was rising. He crawled over and lay down behind a big lump iv a rock, consayling himself as well aB he oould, and peeped out ; there, shure enough, climbing np the pass was a body iv soljers headed be the Oaptain wid hiB sword in bis hand urging thim on. They didn't see O'Keeffe yet, as far as he oould make out, for they niver stopped. He waited until they oame within range iv his ould flintlock and thin be covered the Oaptain and fired. Down fell me bould Oaptain, tumbling oat iv the path to be made smithreens iv be the sharp edges iv the orags below. The min stopped and fired at O'Keeffe, for satisfaohnn, bat 'twas no use. They camc on agin ; he fired and down goes another, and in this way they were advancing and he firing and killing a man at every shot. At long last his pow dher was gone, and they were nearing and nearing. On a snddiat he threw down hia guu and stepped oat to the front iv the ledge over right thim. He tore open the breast iv his waistkit, and standing there he oalled out in a voice that was heard almost down in the village ' Fire 1' The soljers stopped. It was so onexpeoted it gave.thim a start ; or shure maybe it waB in admiration iv his oourage ; for a soljer iB a Boljei no matter what oolour he has on his baok. Thin they all raised their muBkets and fired together. Whin the smoke riz they see there lying on the free mountain, torn and gashed to pieces be the ballets, wid his faoe half turned towards the oave, the last mortul remains of the Bibbonman, O'Keeffe. — James MoCabs, LL.B. 