A BID FOR A FORTUNE. "I have talked to you very frankly," she said, "but I believe in sudden friendships."' "'You have honored me highly," I answered. What else could a man say? She was a very pretty girt; with tragic grey eyes. "Am I mad?" she asked next. "Don't people often want to die-?" "Not mad," I cried, "only original. There seems no reason', why you should feel unhappy and anxious' to be rid of life; but probably yen have not told me all." We were fellow passengers in one of the daily steamers plying between Do uch and Courtwich, had stepped off the pier of the little seaside place together, and were Ixretnd for the larger town, otherwise we were stransits. I, an artist, was visiting Courtwich for the sake of Its quaint old buildings, Marcia Vane was returning from Paris to meet her brother and her fiance. She told me her history during: the half hour we had spent on board. . H< wedding with Mordaunt North was 1 take place next month, and her brot&er; Arthur was staying in Courtwich for that reason. We had got into conversation about a paper parcel which she had dropped into the wiuter and I had rescued; it contained Mordaunt North's portraits, which were, fortunately, uninjured. Was she really mad ? Could I It be I gazed at her clear-cut face as she leaned back, wrapped in her long blue cloak, against the wooden seat beside me; her skin was smooth and rosy, her mouth quite firm, but there was a- desperate look in her wild grey eyes. Thisgirl was coming home to England to marry the man she declared she loved; after travelling for pleasure in Europe' with a widowed friend, a Mrs Keswick. Then why was that pathetic expression in her gaze? The hour was early morning. There were not many passengers on board, and the steamer was entering the wide mouth of the River Harwell, passing distant banks which were low and reedy, where grey herons stood motionless among the sedges. Miss Vane shivered. "Wh£t a desolate spot! . . . Yet I should like to lie at rest under* that green water. . . . . I am cold. . . . and ill. . . Can you get me some brandy?" Her face had grown quite white. As I hurried away I saw her slip along the bench behind the . tall piles of trunks which she had brought with her, that she was completely hidden from the other passengers. When I returned bearing the brandy. Miss Vane had disappeared. I searched the steamer for her—In vain; then told my tale to the authorities, to whom, fortunately, I was well known. As soon tó I had repeated the girl's strange words the listeners were all of one opinion. Sięhad slipped overboard—purposely. All the passengers but one were keenly interested in the tragedy. The exception was a young man who wore black whiskers and a green shade over his eyes; he slumbered peacefully on the bench opposite. "Could he have seen anything?" 1 asked. "No, sir; he's as fast off as a baby, and he's a Frenchman," was the contemptuous answer. . . . - • So Fate had placed me in the midst, of a tragedy. I was obliged to tell my tale again and again; to witness its effect upon Miss Vane's brother and Mordaunt North, her fiance, . and to remain in Courtwich until the case had been finally described as one of "Suicide while of unsound mind." Marcia Vane's body was not yet re covered. Her trunks were delivered t< her brother, who returned the disappointed bridegroom all his love letters. Poor Mordaunt North: I had liked his face in his portraits, but my heart went out to him when we met in such sad circumstances. He bore his awful loss like a hero, but it was evident that life for him had parted with all its sunshine. In simplest often broken sentences he told me that he had loved Marcia for herself, not for the large fortune she had inherited from an aunt I could well believe it; there was honesty written upon his brow. Arthur Vane I disliked immensely; he affected to feel his sister's loss most bitterly, but I caught him laughing heartily with nis chums one night. Her. will left all her wealth to him. Before I left Courtwich Mordaunt North and I were firm friends, and he had asked rae to write to him; Arthur Vane endeavored to keep us apart Heaven alone knew why Marcia's brother left the town when 1 did. He was going to see Mrs Keswick his poor' sister's travelling companion, to find out more details of what seamed to have been a strangely sudden failure of mental health. Before^three months were past I heard from Mordaunt that Julia Keswick and. Arthur Vane were engaged. IL An artist who. travels a great deal turally comes into contact with many strange people, and sees odd happening in different land* but I could^t forSTt my most peculiar experience, that talk with the girl on board the Courtwitch steamer, and her subsequent suicide That autumn I paid a flying visit t0 Mordaunt -North before startirT„ ^ Italy. I felt a thriil of L W ^ steamer passed over the green-mSL nf b n^th which Marcia Vane ^ - f ^ e " ons ct^fltL . w'Juthe solemn her- S to- tt, „ „ „ .'I can t understand it!" washlTconte "f — the brightest, Birl tltrr^v. s aal ' d ' our 'we was a Joy itoZZ? 1 -*™ could he»- mind become <*>»ded? Her letters were, overflowing wtth expressions- of happiness, pet me show you- her photograph " portrait which hung opon the " I could not show you her photograph •When you weee h w "before," he said, one % jpiWftfliiigjiiiiir ; been •sent at.her r^uęet, to a : shop in Paris; Jto Jfe tińKśa. It got Ib^ln^tżiatólt, "but 1 frhis is copied from another of the same I8S& P'Wcii I jwjij jfqrtuiuitl'enbugL to be fwfle to obtalri' from ithe origipal photo That he tatted fort to a*, for I could n o f ^ a word at that moment M7br^° ken itt a whirl. I could only feel the^ ^ btlftyof not tabbing his woun^,^ afresh! . . . My discovery mean Joy or sonow for his futuro' POT the portrait before me that of the girl wiih whom I had^.-"^ kta on beard the boat. "She—she had wonderful - eyes." murmured at last. . "Not grey; hazel, almost bro?.-n " caifl Mordaunt thoughtfully. "Tell mi-, does that look Itfce the face of a woman who would ever drown herself? My poor wild darling!" "No, indeed, it does not." HI. Marcia Vane's death placed her ljrotb,. In possession of her fortu-ne. Mani- 1 " Vane was not the woman who had r-oirT mitted suicide from the Co:irt v,-ich steamboat. These were the tv-.j fac[s which I bore in my mind every sw<..-,ng of the day and night. Had Arthur Xanrpersuaded some already desperate man to kill herself while personitins; sister? Impossible! Tet some explanation must exist, and Vane should make it to me some day! My Journey to Italy Kas r>osti/,r,t-o; I stayed in London until I heard, in De cember, that Mr and Mrs Arthur were spending their honeymoon in Cairo An expensive journey for me!—but on Christmas Day I was standing on the steps of a well-known Ca>ro hotel, having just made a call tpon Mareia'a brother. I had said nothing to alarm him; he bad s<»n got over the first shock of seeing me, and I was resolved to arrange a lonely meeting with him soon, wh-n, at the pistol's mouth, he should explain the mystery of Marcia's disappearance. As I turned quickly away I encountered a lady who was ascending the steps It was Marcia herself-at least no—it was the woman, calling heisel Marcia Vane, who bad talked w>:'j me on board the Courtwich steamboat. -Look out, Julia!" cried a girl who was with her. Her eyes met mine—she turned white as a ghost, and would have hurried indoors had I not clasped her hand as though in greeting. How do you do, Mrs \ane? I said, aloud (Julia Keswick, now Julia Vane beyond doubt! My mind was beginning to unravel the mystery!) The companion had left us. so I added: in a whisper: Tou cannot escape me. U you want to buy my silence come to this address, alone, in an hour's time, and with a. cheque for a thousand pounds." She glanced at my card, then flashed a. took of gratitude upon me. "I will come." She came. Directly we w-ere alone she laid the cbeflue on the table before me. "Marcia Vane will have to be rescued," I said quietly. "Where is she?" "Tou will give us time to escape Witt oar money to a safe country before yoa communicate with her?" "If I interfere I can scarcely ventur to make use of this," was my answer wMe fingering the cheque. •True. Marcia is in charge of a Dp and Mrs . Murray in Paris; they have several sham lunatics. I will order them to release Marcia in a month s time." "How did you manage in that steamer, sou clever woman?" A -Vile light gleamed in her grey eyes. "I did not go overboard, but disguised myself quietly behind mv trunks thrusting my woman's hat and cloak into one of them. Black whiskers ana a green shade soon changed a face." "Tou were the sleeping Frenchman?" "Tes; no one saw him go on deck, but his ticket was taken all right, so the authorities were unsuspicious." "Your motive was plain enough." "No doubt- I loved Marcia's brother ctat we were too poor to wed. so I planned how to obtain Marcia's fortune. Now my husband and I will lea.ve Europe Ior some spot where the law can no: touch us. That thousand pounds will pay yon well for a month's silence." "I am perfectly satisfied." I replied tearing the cheque into fragments, a two detectives stepped from Ix-hind & screen. "Trapped!" cried the woman, hoarse J}r. "Ay," I said, "for Mordnunt North* sake.™ The real Marcia Vane was soon set free, and it was my proud privilege *» escort her down to Courtwich—by rail. She had been well cared for. r Shan never forget the radiance of Mordaunt's face as bis eyes rested once of ,lis again on the original cherished portrait; indeed, my memory is not likely to part with any incident of tha tragedy on board the Counv. icii steam boat- The Deputy- Registrar^Seneral for Ontario,' in calling attention to the low birth- rate of the province, states that it is du<? to the praetice of Malthusianism. Ir- tM year 1897, the birth-rate was only 20.9 per 1000, as compared with a similar rate o£ 29.2 in the United States: 3S.S7 in Qurtec. 36.3 in the German Empire: S3.0 in Italy: 38 ; 0 in Austria; and 2Ł7 in France. In cornmeeting upon these faces.a Canadian contemporanr points ont that the practice ot Mai thus among the peeple of Ontario is no secret to the medical practitioners ot the province, and to have a large family is considered by the Ontario mawrtamilias as most undesirable. Kence the declension in the birth-rate. The definite assertion, however, by a public ofhcial W^the Deputv Registrar- General aforesaid, to the effect that the evil of Malthusianism is prevalent in the province, is a most important matter. It dra«s public attention to the debased practice w.ucj reflects seriously upon those accused 01 practising it - - - Have the Ontario no self-respect, and are tne, ^ gardless of their moral reputation toi- "Medical Press." The question. "What is the real natality of that wonderful human document Esterhazy?" finds its answer in tne par Oculars NIcolas-Paul-Anthoine-Mane set out by his Serene r-r Higbn^ nee terhazy, head of the Hungarian housed that hfsteric name, m support of mons he has obtained leave to sen - ™ the Commandant. requmns /tm tn^V stain from using tie n^of M ^ otherwise than preceded by also to abstain from using ' Cotrot and the arms of ^ ^^iUjng familv. The Prince states that, S i t e d the State reKi^c^ n oroer to discover the liter's exact geneato^ whom tllf naUs fean-Mar£Au^ were Riven Se W* father or mother, (b) -Start 01' tn bVl-. prairial of the rear V. of the Bepu Jean-Marie-Aususte,m*rcha*ato & twenty-nine years, was roarr. 1 ™ ^ ^ We. Cartler, and fore the registrar as j ^ g ^ n e E*" Esterhazy, natural a>n of Manam terhazy, adopted and ^fisęd e to) That two children at. union: (1) VrtentteJMWh Nimes, the 30th_genninal jear Of-Jean Marie Esterhazy, propnewr, Masie-Marthe Cesarme-Adelawe gt hSt?' - <3) "Lou's Joseph Feraina20^e Ntoes. March MW. iSne persons. From the youngCTSO^g^. the'CommandsMit Sa. bom in S-aris, December proper aame. it te^V sin-Bsterhwar- From the StenchtaaJUoBality of the OwtWiau appears to to ^disputable. ( 