MR. HUTCHISON, M.P., AND PROVIDENCE. Mr. Hutchisoxi, M.P., belongs to a . type pf politician which the- colony could well afford to lose. His absence from Parliament would be a distinct gain do the community from many points of view. Not only is he one of the most garrulous men in the House, but he has never said anything worth recording except those breaches of good taste, with which his speeches plentifully abound. At the last gen eral election, he not only opposed the Capitation Grant—which, of course, was a perfectly legitimate act—but he expressed the absurd hope that his ghost would return to the earth to continue the fight against the iniqui tous proposal. On Tuesday last he had the crass impudence to assert in the House that if Our Lord were upon earth to-day, He would be found fighting in the same cause as himself. This unctious self-assumption of Di vine co-operation was conveyed in the following slab from "Hansard":— "He asked, 'With whom did Christ associate?' If his reading of the do ings of Christ were correct, he believed that if He were on earth to-day He would be on the same side as himself, fighting for a vote for and equality of the people, and Mr. Caldwell would be found against Him. (Mr. Darling— "What about the parable of the worker in the vineyard?") He wanted to bring as little of the Bible into the question as possible, but he asked Mr. Darling whom did Christ select to carry out the mission of goodwill to wards men? Members of the em ployers' Unions of the time and capi talists? No; the very humblest peo ple, beeause He could not trust the others." There is nothing new in this twaddle, tor much the same thing was saicl by Mr. Robinson in the Labor organ a couple of months ago. The practise of apportioning Divine favor among the various parties—especially those with whom we differ—is an old dodge with self-righteous people of all ages, but more especially of recent years. The quiet assumption that the Al mighty is on their side was especially prevalent among religious fanatics at the beginning of the century. Writing at that time, Sydney Smith said, "There is nothing which disgusts us more than the familiarity which im pious coxcombs affect with the ways and designs of Providence We can well remember when the ways of God to man were gazed upon with trembling humility—when they were called inscrutable—when piety looked to another scene of existence for the explanation of this ambiguous and distressing world." We had thought, however, that matters had consider ably improved since the days of the Edinburgh reviewer. But the fashion has come in vogue through the medium of the Rev. Geo. Sheldon, whose novel, "What would Jesus do" speaks with a vulgar familiarity of sacred thoughts and instincts, and reeks of bad taste and fanaticism of this description. No reverent person can conceive the divinest character in history as a sub ject for the airing of introspective opinions, and it is time that such tac tics were strenuously resisted. As far as Mr. Hutchison is concerned, one cannot expect originality, and perhaus it is too much to expect that he will try to study better models. "We do not like to be hard on the electors of East Adelaide, but the sooner Mr. Hutchison gives the aforesaid ghost an oppor tunity to meander around, the better for ail concerned. Oub friends and readers in the eastern suburbs are reminded by advertisement elsewhere that Mr. P. J. Evans, M.P.S., &c.;, chemist, Parade, Norwood, so long and favorably known in the district, still maintains the reputation so long enjoyed as a first-class dispenser of the purest drugs and medicine. Amongst the nume rous first-class remedies dispensed by Air. Evans is that very popular remedy, the asthma and bronchitis cure, which has done so much good to those afflicted, and since its introduction suffering humanity has indeed something to be thankful for. Hundreds of testimonials, expresing the deepest gratitude, testify to its marvellous results, and in all cases, when taken ac cording to directions, it has never been known to fail. The best patent medicines are also kept in stock, and all prescrip tions through the post are accurately dis pensed by Mr. Evans, and forwarded to any address with the utmost dispatch. We wish the popular chemist every su? cess. The asthma and bronchitis cure supplied at Mr. Evans's establishment is really marvellous, and wants nothing more than a trial to prove its efficacy. Our great and most difficult duty, as social beings, is to derive constant aid from society without taHng its yoke. 