" VERY LIKE A WHIALIE." The "Emu," Sydney boat from the Islands broughlt up a story last week that it hadl seen snakes. Not the ordinary Ilizard that hlangs frol tile rafters, and dances the ano kan as tile result of "sundries" coasaumed In too short a thime, but tile real old thing that was tackled by St. George, and read of by the late Don Quixtote. They had found the serpent which Is more sbtlo tbhan any beast of tile field In a state of departed grQtstpege on the shoro of one of the islands, dead as provincialism and strong as Samson himself. The boat's crew that was sent ashore asked the thousand and one niggers who had come to view the monster how long it had been there, and was an swered two months. The unsavoury re sults of this long exposure precluded the cailors from obtaining more than some frag ments-two skulls (they swore there were two, and only one body), two joints from the spinal column, and one of the ribs. With these they returned to the ship, and came on to Sydney, where the papers were informed of the find, and a populace whicl hadn't done anything to merit it startled next morning with the accounts the care ful and veracious pressmen .served up as sauce for their porridge. For two days the Innocents abroad-the others weres under lock and key, in the asylums-talked of there being more things in Heaven and the water than Hamlet ever imagined, or Horatio dreamed of, and the "Emu " spread its feathers, and the crew swelled out with importance and whisky, found by admiring friends. Alas for the bursting uo of ao much wonderfulness-a detested selentifle person obtruded his skull-cap, and showed that the bones were nothing but thoso of a common every-day seaside whale, more oily than righteous even when ex posed to the vinegary Droblngs of the lance of learning. Therefore a ballad It was th'e great sea-serpent bold that raised its horrid crest, And chased a vagrant prawn across old ocean's troubled breast. It had been drinking fork and chain, the kind sea-serpents use, And so it didn't see the rock that stopped its playful cruise. Whish hot it ran upon a reef just lurking off the shore; 'Twas going ninety miles an hour, and some :say something more; It cut its throat against a sponge and rolled upon the coast, And tying.up its tail in;knots surrendedred Sup the ghost. It was the "Emu"fully manned went. sal * ing near the beach, . When Jack and Jake beheld a mass with smell not out ofsreach, A creature of prodigious size and " pro 'eessed" by the Sun, Apd niggers dancing round about as such have always done. Tl'e sailor men they looked amazed and then remarked in pain "'e've never seen such snakes as this and . may not do again;" And so they hove their vessel to, and sent ashore to see - What thing it was that held the-crowd and how such things could be. The cook went off, explored deceased, and got a henad and rib', Likewise a bit of spine in case the sceptical might Jib; And bringing these aboard with him as all the- beast could spare, Obtained a-box and packed 'em up as some thing very rare., It was.an island boat came up the famous * Sydncey port, . With sun-browned sails and bulging sides on which'the paint was short; : And .which dropped anchor in the stream Aand sent four paper men . Snote-requestlng them to call for some thing past their ken: . The scribes came dlown 4ithb notebooks out on strayusensatlons bent,. By worried subs. half dead with workl quite thoughtfully sentt. .. And into them those sailor men poured stories of the deep, Enough to nlinlte the type fly up and fresh inked rollers creep. The deed .was done, the sheets came out, the town went mad on sight, And wondered what it had to drinkle and eat the previous night. - There never was more wcondrous'tale, the S"Emu"' went up top,. - And folks went down and asked each mall to'come and take a drop. - - - But Oh, and Oh again and Oh, the busy pressman's pen Brought tumbling from his coblwebbed lair one of those sciencde men, Who, hlaving scrutinised the bones 'with eyes that seldom fail, . Described them as tlhe property of soino ele parted whale. 