Royal Wraiths and Banshees. From "M.Ä.P," At the time of the tragic death of tho Empresa of Austria it waa recalled that» at the beginning of thia year, a sontry on gnard in the CaBtle of Sohonbrunn saw tho ghost of the " White Lady" slowly walking I in the room where he wan. According to popular belief in Austria, thia apparition ia seen whenever any calamity is about to fall on the members of the Imperial House of Austria. I know very well that men of tcience exclaim, when confronted with these uncanny manifestations : " Illusion 1 Hallucination 1" But in thia partioular instance there seems to be a very great deal to be Baid for the popular belief as against the sceptical judgements of those accustomed to reason exclusively on facts of the physical order. For instance, the famous " White Lady" was seen in 18(17, some time before the trsgio death of the unhappy Maximilian, Emperor of Mexioo. Sho was also seen in 188'J immediately before the death of the unhappy Archduke Rudolph, who died under the moat mysterious and terrible circumstances in the Forest of Meyerling. Still later the " White Lady" appeared in tbe corridors of the Borne Castle of Sohon brunn to announoe another catastrophe, the shipwreok of John Orth, tbe ex-Aroh duke who was drowned on his ill-fated voyage from Valparaiso. Explain it how one will, by the principle of coincidences or otherwise, there ia unfortunately much truth in the popular tradition which connecta the sucoessive apparitions of a phantom in the guise of a young woman veiled in white, with tho destinies of the Imperial Family of Austria. The mind of the Emperor himself was deeply penetrated by this belief, since, after having learned of the moBt reoont apparition, of tho wraith of Sohonbrunn.. he remarked on several occasions that he was very anxious for the end of the year to come. In German legends " White Ladies " have au important place. Of old they inspired great terror both in tho people and the nobility. In medimval days there waa hardly a" great German family without its "White Lady." Of course, the Royal family of Hohenzollern bas ono of its own. It ia said that she appoars every time that death ia about to Btrike one ot tho members of the family. The evening before the death of William I., and also the night before that of Frcderiok III,, tho father of the present Emperor, she was Boon wander- ing about the rooms of the Royal Palace at Berlin. But the two " White Ladies," that of the House of Austria, and that of tho Royal family of .Prussia, do not resemble one another. The first, the Austrian ono, appears as a pale young woman, marvellous- ly beautifnl, with a long flowing white veil, whereas the ecoond SB of more terrible aspect. There is Bomothing more grotesque also in the German apparition, for ehe appears, it ia said, with a broom in her hand, aud ia popularly known aa "The Sweeper." Clearly all tho Royal palaces of Europe have their own familiar ghost. Windsor Oastlo harbours a mysterious lady draped in black, who waa seen for the ' first time ,twc years ago under tho following .oircum stanoanoes :-A young officer on guard al the oastle was reading one evening in thc library when all at once ho Baw a woman ic blaok, ber head swathed ia a black lact veil, passing before him and glidinj into a neighbouring room. Tho room inte which she went haB no exit how, but bac one three hundred years ago in the " spaoi ons days of great Elizabeth." Tho oificei hastened alter tho vanishing lady, but ii vain. She had disappeared. This unoann; ovent oaused a great impression at Windeo Castle, where most of the ladies in waltini were persuaded that the ghost must be tba of Queen Elizabeth. Indeed, nooording t an ancient tradition, that patt of the castl where the ghost appeared has always bee haunted by the ghost of Ann Boleyn' daughter. Since her most recent appear ance moaning and watlings have boen heari from time' to time in the hall where th officer saw her, so that it ia Baid that th night guards have been doubled in that pat of the Oastle. If wo aro to believe a historian of som repute, tho Comte de Segur, the gres Napoleon, just before his Russian can paign, underwent a similar experience t that which befel BrutUB before Philip) and Orook-baok Richard before BoBwort Field. Seated in his study In the Tuilerie! the Emperor beheld before bim ono nigi tho famous Red Mau of Catherine c Medici. A long' conversation . ensue between Napolean and tho ghost. The the Emperor was heard tb exolalm : " It too late now. All has been deoided upon, Some days afterwards Napolean undortoc the campaign in Russia, which ended, as well-known, by tho awful retreat fro: MOBCOW. The momory of the " Rod Man " hovori for many years over the Toilettes, Tl Empress Eugenie, who knew the history i thin phantom, did not like it to be spoken beforoher. Had she a presentiment bf tl evils which were about to break over tl devoted heads of herself, her husband, ai her dynasty? '_ 