That Rainy Day. FkOM figures compiled in connection with the woeful >^kcs of the late drought, mere comes a truly terse and instructive object lesson to the squat ters of this colony. Those figures give, in a close approximation, the number of tons of artificial fodder that was used to preserve the life of valuable stock on the runs of New South Wales when the enormous areas were nothing but blistering barrenness. From Albury alone there have been, during the present season, no less than 10,000 solid tons of fodder sent into the interior, and, for the past two months, the average has been 3,000 tons per month. By one of those remarkable political coincidences that are so continually banging us in the eye, the huge bulk ol this fodder has all come from Victoria; so that the N.S.W. squatters ought to feel mighty unproud of themselves, and unless they're not careful, will get tli em selves a reputation for being chumps of the first water. There is a ten-ton mora I in this' business. Unfortunately it is not the ' first, by a very long chalk, of equal avoirdupois that has been given this colony, and with no result worth mentioning. During the rainy season, the complacent land holder will suck ...his dhudeen, and philosophically watch millions upon millions of tons. • of water merrily skurrying by in haste to fill the ocean, withemf .his giving as \- much as a passing, thought for the inevitable morrow,'- In due course a ten-million horse power drought comes along, and water is worth its weight in gold, twenty four grains to ■ the pennyweight troy, at three pounds seventeen and sixpence per ounce. Then the squatter mutters, datn. But had the dam, or several of them beeit ' made' in the ground? rtnatgad of in his manners, the'result would be entirely different. In the critical juncture he advocates prayers in the churches, and occupies himself between whiles in fcllmongering dead wool. In due course rain comes along, at last, and he is just as prepared to consefve it as he was before. And so the shrieking farce goes on ad infinitum: In the matter of artificial fod der, he displays about an equal modicum of sagacity. He'll have abont fifty head of horses chewing their teeth down to the gums in utter idleness and prime pasturage. Also he'll have a few hundred thousand acres, a big percentage of which trill produce any crop asked of it, from turnips to wheat. The obvious sug gestion never seems to him that ploughs are .cheap, and that a stitch in time saves a few millions. Ensilage is beneath the far-reaching financial ambitions of squaltocrats. So when the creeks are stony hollows, as div as dead men's bdnc*r,and the gilgais couldn't be found irith a microscope, and a reward of ten thousand pounds would'nt discover three blades of grass; and also when the crows and iguanas are mud fat on dead stock, and even bunny gives up the ghost in sheer gisgust and myriads, the squatter wiU negotiate an additional O.D, at the bank at about ro.per ccnti and buy hundreds of tons of fodder from Victoria, upon which to saje a few stud sheep that qs'ulti be re-bought at less than 'Hie price of the feed1 Here's sagacity - with a vengeance! Here's a story to point a moral, and adorn a tale ! Let the band play "Advance Australia Fair." Suppose though that during the countless days of prosperity, dams had been sunk, fields ploughed, and suitable crops planted; and also, suppose that hundreds of tons of good silage had been stored, and millions of tons of good water conserved, what a different picture could be drawn. Certainly, to their credit be it recorded, there are a few squatters who have done ail that. But their fewness is significantly demonstrated by the mortgages in the banks' safes, and by the pitiful applications to the "Settlers Relief Board. But the worst feature, of the whole business lies in the uselessness of-experience. Despite the many bitter lessons they, have been so sharply taught, the bulk of the squatters never seem ■ to get ] any forrard«r,-and the. same - good_ old drought finds them still sucking' thfe same . good, .old.. dhudeen, with . the same inevitable results ahead, and the same samenessr about everything concerned. - There are reasons put forward to account for all this. Some are frankly blunt, and others covertly-apologetic. By the first of these it is argued that so much of the colony is under the thumbs of the various financial instir tutions that the squatter cannot be expected to work his eyeballs out in the hopeless task ■ of recovering the lost leeway. That has a solid sub stratum of truth in it, but how did the squatter lose all that leeway ? Was it not through the very .neglect of the practical precautions before particular ised? A spanking season meant, practically, a fortune. In the hope of . that, and heedless of the terrific risks, the runs have been so grievously over burdened with stock that any sudden strain simply broke their backs like a carrot. The second of the arguments adduced, apologetically points to the fact that to carry on works such as suggested means getting into that very mort gage,—literally the gage or grip of death,—which is so much to be dreaded and avoided. That is only partially true. For there arc many means by which the one can be con summated, and the other triumphantly avoided. The leasing of arable areas on the " halves" principle is by .no means new. Every day finds swarms of would-be settlers treading one another down at the ballot-box to get hold of a few hundred acres of good agricul tural land. Why (Jo the squatters not take advantage of the boom ? Why do they not ojfer( the choicest ilotsuf their runs* to Jgctnlineiyeomefi afH-. culturalists on tne " halves f" "By .this means every year, could they not store hundreds upon hundreds. of tons of magnificent silage for use' when the inevitable emergency came up and knocked at the door?' Is not every acre so put under cultivation an in increase to the capital value of the estate ? And now that labor is cheaper than ever, could they not, out of the prospective savings to be effected by their policy of economy, have -every' important watershed on "the run securely availed of, so that even a two years' drought could rage on in its [ fury, while its most vicious efforts were safely dammed with a vengeance ! • None of this may be remarkably new or original, but it is remarkably well- preserved and respected for its age. As a body, the. squatters hold the reputation of being level-headed sturdy pioneers, who carry about a big skull- full of healthy brains, and a bigger heart full of indomitable courage, .. It is these men whose runs to-day the banks have an envious optic upon,-—but that ■ is all they ever will have. But that absentee class of squatter, who lounges away'his life in a swell club, and takes a trip 'ome every year or so, and spends all the earn-, ings of the . borrowed money in riotous living and luxury, Aeis the joker who wants .waking up, and it is forhimthat those few pjd facts'are xaked up. If he'can bring himself to realise them, so much the better. If he can't the sooner the mort gage throttles him out of.'financial existence, so much the better for the whole Country. Tbe gold dredging boom that is just now cresting thuilabailoo in speculating circles sEouHbewanly oofiSldired by those whoafe, tempted. to invest tbotr little all rqsifa promisee, lbs news that regularly reaches bare from New Zealand all goes to ahowtbat Tory special natural conditions areneoeasaiy to ensure anything like even moderate auooeaa in die industry, The 11 vera there are mostly "drift" bottomed, and the dredge is there fore able to. win whatever gtffd may hare been washed into the tilted deposit. Here," however, our.tivere ere mostly boulder bot tomed, and the gold is peculiarly difficult of aooees. In Tenterfleld operaiions are either pro) cted or started, and there are many other places where the dredging speculation ie bong pushed ahead with vigor. But the publio hare to remember who are the men who stand to gain all and loee nothing in a "booms." And those man are the brokers. It 'is they who in Variably aet these big blasts agog, and with derteroUs manage,.^ jnent -they too frequently succeed in inflaming the public imagination, and causing other wise steady-going shrewd Investors to ven ture within the svrirUng eddiee of the vora cious maelstrom to be tucked down to finan cial destruction. A word to the wise ie sufficient WciTOO last .month the English * Catholic Trmes' saya" The roan.who for more than four years was probably the most wntehed. in the world is now in Fraooe. It is no wonder that his btok should b* described at bent, and that lie should haveaged in ap pearance 16 or SO year* sinoe the court' martial paesed aentenoe upon him. If any man was required to die of sheer ennui end hopelessness it -sis Alfred Dreyfus. The net it justice . bi<3i has brought him back to France should bare been written on the book that every- nation koepe with God, consciously or not, many months ago ; but a false and exaggerated patriotism, together with the blind frenzy of political partisanship, capable of withering all that is generous in- the human heart, did whatever wasln its power to consummate the official murder of this dew. Sad his family been allowed to oemmonicate heely with him, his moral courage would have been fortified and he would have been better able to hew up against the influence of one of the most debilitating climates in the world. But though it was as clear as possible more than a year ago to those who could reason without prejudice that a new trial was not only sanctioned, but was imperatively demanded by justice, he was kept absolutely fu the dark with regard to efforts made in his i behaM until the Criminal Chamber of the Court of'Caasation,riroved by pity,'decided that* ray of hope should be sent through the ttkW# dtrpths pad . flashed upon him. Civil dodges have shown far more humanity, tottragei-ud (rue nobleness of mind throngh "ont this deplorable affair than statesmen. Dreyfus, wjll undoubtedly have a fair trial now, and as all the evidence against him has -bean sifted, and found valorises fcy the highest judicial tribunal in the country the vetdict cannot but before bf.eoqrittal, uotwithstand ing the hope thathas been re-kindled jn cer tain minds by the fluid contortions-oiGtm end Merrier and at, Queouy de Beaurfipaire. The present Government is not likely to'last long, but it will in all probability last ting enough to see the wrong- with regard to Dreyfus set right. B - h- Whe's article on the Commonwealth of Auitralia in the * Nfttioisl Beview,' is a plain satisfactory history ct the whole federal movement, and a brilliant piece of writing, says the • Press.' It is eirgulajrly free tom bias, and Wise has nothing to say about himself. Premier heid figures prominently inthe story, and occasionally Wise gives bim ] some sly blows. For instance, " Unknow-: ingly repeating the words of Patrick Henry, i who said of Vir»inia, • The other States can rot do without Virginia and we can dictate to them what terms we please,' Mr. Beid insisted that Hew South "Wales was in a position to. demand her own conditions," In a footnote Mr. Wise says: " Patrick Henry is described by a contemporary quoted by Mr. Bancroft in these tonus: ' Ho was a natural master of oratory and eloquence, but his capacity was small for dispassionate examination and logical argument. He was a lawyer, but his opinion as a lawyer was not worth a brass cent.'" Again, another footnote: "Mr. Hoid's oonduet in voting for the Bill and speaking against it has given, a new term to Australian political slang-the ' Yes-No' at titude. ' His Aye shall be Aye, and his Nay, Nay; and his Yea-No shall be Yes-No 1' " Those who displayed the greatest knowledge and ability at the Convention were'(according to Mr. Wise, Messgs. Barton, B. E. O'Con nor, Deakin, Isaacs, Trenwith, 8ymon, Hol4o*. Glyon.- Hw.ry, Sir John Downer and wit George Turner. Jhseectob Bannigau (8.A.), quotes the fol lowing as the prices paid in the Adelaide swearing dens for traking the articles named;— Tweedtousere, full sire, ready out.. 0 6 Smrt9 full ateo, ready cufc .. , 0 21 Shirt, full ezro, including'cutting 0 5 Shirt, boy*g, ready cut . 0 • ■ Shirt, boy's, inoluding cutting '* 0 2* White potticoat, including cutting Id perdoz. ,, tt ,» 0 |CJ Slip bodice, including cutting ** 0 4 ChemiBo, including cutting " o 4 FrittSrratetg°Ut^' » J « Blou^ - .. ;; 0 -A Aooording to the ' Weekly Herald,' Banni gan was kept busy for a time hy a number of viators who, having seen the list, thought they could buy trousers at eixpenoe a pair, and so on. This is a ten-footostrich feather in the cap of the Holy City. "The nearer to Church the further from God" is a mavn. that gets a deal of solid demonstration in this iconoefcsrio age; but to think that pious Adelaide should actually be in the lesd at the sweating industry ! Iehabod! lohabod! Mmtehs political are in-a merry muddle, and every day is eagerly looted forward to « the possible revealer of: some new and startling developments irioonneotion with the opposition.. There are about a dozen huge fissures in the house of the Ministry's foes and it threatens to fall at any moment and qnash its waning inmates. The decision of Toby Barton that he will be no party to attacking the Government on the fiscal issue does him credit for ife consistency, But there maybe more betiad that decision than -toe mere loyalty fo consistency,. It is plain f—t, to hMfle' xo among th? potty frays of ltoal politics with the remotest off chance of" defeat would seriously impair Toby's federal prestige, and therefore his future P5P®toH- .- Ti)gre are those who darkly bint •Uiisadyeooession ftom theltoalAsrembV.: mt^to^abmithls wisest conn;, VV7 oertein "rith parries In the condition aWf ttow are, atoptnre one way. or another is inevitable, and the warring faotiona are bound to look after "number one,'*'no matter who goes hang. . Therefore! tiia Cheohious would feel no surprise if it' heard to-morrow .that the Member.for.: Hastings-Marieay had. resigned, aad-wM-j 