On tbe Edge of Doom CHAPTER XXXIV. ?' AND wno IS THIS ? AND WHA'L' 18 HERB ?' For a day pnd a night ho watched her as Bho lay. Sometimes he leaned over her in sadden fright thnt sho hnd ceased to breathe ; sometimes he fancied' she stirred, that her oyelids quivered. But neither tho good nor tho bad was true, u.no slow nours came ana passed nnd died, and there was no chango on that quiet face. ' Cylmer turned away as the nurse approached tho bed bearing wine and a spoon. He hated that useless cruelty of ti'ying to feed hor. It sickened him to see tho things they gave her ooze from tbo corncr of hor lips.s . He stood leaning by the window arid watched ?with listless inattention n curriago driving to thp door. Curious visitors carno by the score to be turned away. Cristinne had no lionrt to seo them. Mra. Trelane, with the prospect of going into court to account for those stolen diamonds before her, wpuld face no ono. A quick, cautious cry from the nurse made Gylmor tutu. With two strides ho was at tho bodsirle. Had Ismay gone — passod from him without a word -whilo ho looked out on the sky whoso glory was gono ?forever ? ' She's not ? ?' ' Quick 1 Go tell the doctor to como hero 1 He's down stairs with tho specialists from London. She swallowed that champaghb.' Boforo tho woman could lay down tho spoon Cylmer was back, with the two men at his heels. Ismay turned oil her sido, nnd monncd. Slowly, vory slowly, he»J eyes opened, then Hhut again, seeing nothitfg. ' Ismay ! Is sho — dying ?' his tonguo cleaving to his mouth. The littlo doctor laid a hand on Oylmor's shoulder. ' Dying! No'; she's saved.' ' For with a steady hand tho nurso was putting moro wine to tho lips that closed now on tho spoon. With a littlo sigh Ismay. Trolano oponed hor oyos. Tho shook to her brain had mado hoi' for got all recont thiugs — Marcus Wray, Davids, hor quarrel with Cylmer, woro all gono from hor mind as a slato is sponged oJr. All sho saw wns tho man sho loved bonding over hor, holding hor hands. With a haavonly smilo of rest and peace sho smiled at him. ' Miles,' sh'e whisporod. ' My Miles.' ' Lio still, my heart. I'm hero,' ho answered simply. ' Hold my hand,' sho sighed, and closod hor oyos happily, in a sloop that was'swoofc and natural. And, kuoeling' by hor bod, lio hold that hand ho loved, till with tho hours lie, too, slept. When sho woko again it was ho who fod her, and then, and not till then, ho wont away, .dog tired, orampod and stiff, but happy as he hnd not boon in his lifo. . As ho washed and dressed himsolf iu tho clothes that had como-' from him from Cylmorsbory ho heard a wliisporpd conversa tion at liis door, then a knock that made him leap to open it. Was Ismay worso? But it was not Ismay. ? A man stood on tho- threshold — two mon 'Mr. Bolton, tho lawyoi', and anothor — Grown, boarded, thin, but halo and strong. And yot Cylmer could not bolievo his sonsos. Had his long witching mndo him seo visions ? 'Gaspard!' ho oried, Wondoring who this' man could, bo that was so liko tho man that ?was in his grave, 'Not Gaspard — but who P' 'It's I, .fast enough,' , tho man answorod, simply. 'Lot us in.' I only got to England to.-day,' ' ' To England P' Cylmer startod foolishly, ' *'But — ' ' ' But I was never killed and novor buriod. I had lent my coat to a Fronoliman, and thoy 'buriod what wns loft of him for mo. I oamo to myself and wnudorod away, quito oraokod. Whon I woko up I was in bod in a oottago, nnd a woman was looking aftor mo. I didn't IcnoAV my own name, ovou, and I was in hideous pain. ' ' I.lay liko that for I don't know how lonp, Whim I camo to mysolf tlioy told mo I was in tho lodgo of tho oountry houso of tho Dulco of Tours, and that ho, on hoaring a man was ill thoro, had sont his doctor .from Paris. Ho had done an operation that meant kill or euro, and it was euro.' ' But Bolton told- mo you woro dying of hoart disoaso I' t ? ' So my doctora thought, hut thia ono was young and vory clover. Ho thought it was somothing olso, and it wns. Ho out it away. Tlmt'B all.' Ho^smilod in Cylmor'a puzzled fn-50, »» ' ' ' 'But fclio railwny pooplo. How was it thoy . didn't know P' Sir Gaspard laughed out. ' You're very anxious I should be an im Eustor. Did you wish to mnrry my heiress ?' t* cried, cheerfully, ' Thero was no mark or wound 011 me ; tho woman never connected me with the accident to the train, nor did any one, till I was recovered aud able to tell them. It was all so simple that no one ever thought of it,' ' Yon never wrote,' wonderingly, 'No! I couldn't havo waited for tbo answer. When I was fih to write I was fit to travel, so I came straight.to Bolton, hero, and' lie told me things tlmt brought me home on tjae double. It's all too awful. And to think it was that will I mado that was such a pit fall ! Will that poor child die ?' ' No,' Cylrner put down the hairbrush ho had ail the time been holding. ' Thank God, no!' ho said, slowly. 'For I am going to mnrry her.' ' Marry Iter.' It took all Sir Gaspard could do not to ' exclaim in amazement, ' Marry tho daughter of a woman not yot out of suspicion of murder, with tho theft of the diamonds on her to a certainty.' Cylmer nodded, , ' Wait. I'll tell you all,' bo said, and Sir, Gaspard listened in wonder. ' Marry her,' he had said, as though sho were a ' leper, and but for her Cristiane would bo cold in her grave. He stretched out his hand and took Cylmer's in a clasp of gi'atitud&, without a spoken word, ' Have you seen Cristiano ?' For the first time Cylmer thought of hor. Sir Gaspard smiled. ' Didn't you hear us in the passage ?' ho asked; ' I only persuaded her to leavo mo for ten minutes by snying that you were certain to come to the door half dressed.. She's wild with joy ; she can hardly bolievo, in mo yot.' ' Sho missed you.' And if tho tone was dry Sir Gaspard did not notice it. Not yet could Mr. Cylmor bear any good will to Cristiane. ^ Oolv one thine troubled Cvlmer now. With Sir Gaspard's return, things wero smoothed out indeed, all but this. It hung over him more and more heavily as Ismay grew better, and at last could talk to him. Thoso stolen diamonds that could not bo explained away ! His mind was full ' of thom as ho Bat with Ismay alone in her sitting room. But ho kept his trouble off his lips, and talked of other things that he might not bco it re flected in her eyos. ' You never auked mo how I managed tho ghost music,' she said, suddenly, withj her old, lovely qmile, that was so much more wistful than of old. ' No. How did you ? For it played of itself beforo you meddled with it, Thomas says.' ' I wont up one night to see, and I was frightened out of my lifo at first. And tlion I found out. Thero was a spring — just a simple littlo spring — so light that tlio weight of a rat on it could sot tho thing going. . And thoro wore plenty of rals thero. it was just an ordinary old- fashioned spinnet till the spring touched tho mechanism, then it played of itself. Whilo it was playing like that you could not sound a note on it. Afterward, wlieu the tune was done, you could play. I made ... a ] dress like the gliost's, or the picturojthat was supposed , to bo tho ghost's, so that if any ono mot' me in the 'passages they would scream and run. And I found out he meant to murder Cristiano whilo I was behind the library door.' ' '' ' ' Did you know Wray mado Sir Gaspard's will ?' Sho nodded. ' I heard him say so.' ' And for fear it should go wrong ho forged anothor,' Cylmer wont on. ' Don't look sad, darling. Ho deserves everything.' But sho shivered,^ ' 'It had also been such a nightmaro. I wish I had had no hand in it. Milos, can you truly love a tjirl liko mo ?' Sho was earnest, pale, as sho looked at him. Ho kissod tho hand that was in his, whoro a now ring shone. ' Who nearly gave hor life twico for another's,' ho said with adoration. ' I liked her, 111 a way. Till sho told you' .things.' Sho hid liOr fncoon his nrrn. 'Milos,* do you kitow I meant to let her dio tho laBt time ? You woro my worid — sho had takon yon fi'om mo.' '? ' Yon never meant it, my heart,' ho whispered. ' You only thought.so.' ' And I stole that card of yours, s'o that you might como to mp.' Cylmor lifted tlio head that lay so low, and looked 'straight into her shamcid eyes. ' Do you tlu'uk a .hundred cards would havo mattered, if I had loved hor P' I10 demanded. ' .You woro mine and I wns yours from tho first hour, though I wns too' blind to know.' ' But I moant when I'loffc you to livo ? ' Ho stoppod hor words 011 her lips. ''Lot mo forgot — that day !' ho bogged, ' ijor it was I who was to blanio. If you had slipped from mo your life would havo boon on my head.' Sho looked nt him with a curious pride. 'Milos,' sho said, slowly, 'I am my inothor's daughtor. still, and thoro aro tho diamonds 1' . , The man caught her oloso and hard. ' If thoy wero all tho world it would not. nrnttor,' ho said stoutly. 'If I, had only soon you and passed by,' his voioo full of lovo, of roveronco, ' I should bo proud of j having onoo soon you, my witoh that was so truo.' CHAPTER XXXV. I TUB DIAMONDS. ? ' If you owed him uo ill will, why dic^you stonl thoso diamonds P' ? , Tho' courtroom wns crowded, pnokod with idlo peoplo oomo to soo a man tried for his lifo. , . 1 It wnB moro oxoiting than a theatre, for tho drama was roal. ' Among thom woro porhaps a dozon pooplo who siokonod at tho hideous sosno. Sir GuBpnrd, Mr. Nolton, Cylmor — turned away from tlio man in tho dock ns his oi'imoB woro brought boforo him. U ttorly liopuloss, ho ?was venomous still. Not a question that .could humilinto Holou Trolano had hisoounsol Bparod hor. Cylmor wondered at hor courago as sho stood in tho witness stand, Palo, porfootly dressed, sho stood unmovofl, aB tho .question of tho diamonds was asked. Noithor Ismay nor Cristiano woro tlioro, and Cylmor was thnnklul. At 'lonsfc thoy would not soo tho snoctnelo of a woman shamed bpforo tlio world. Ho Btartod at tho sound af Mrs. Trolano's voioo, nB alio anBWorod tho question, hor words distiuoli in tho oloso hush, ' - - l ' I took them,' sho said softly, ' because thoy were mine ! He sent for me to give them to me. This note' — taking it from lier pocket — ' wns on flie table.' There was nbsoluto silence in conrt while the few lines were read aloud : 'Dear Helen — I oan't forget last night. Will you take these and wear them or soil t'leni as you like in memory of our friendship. Yours faith fully, ABBO'rrSFORD, ' P.S. — -I wrote this, meaning' to send tho diamonds, but I have let it stund, even now that you are coming to see mo. You know I never was much good at talking, and 1 might ' not get it said.' I ' Why did you not produce this at tho time?' Wray's counsel askud, sharply, ' Bocanso I waB afraid ! I thought I could not clear mysolf of the murder,' sho answered J simply. Turning, she mot tho eyes of the prisoner at the bar, and for all his desperate straits he smiled with understanding. She was Helen Trelane Btill, liar and adventuress to the bone. He knew quite well that she liad stolen that note. ? Ho had stuffed it into his pockot that day nt'Abbottsford's, aud had not burned it for the pure pleasure of having in his hands tbe proof that sho wns really not guilty ; after ward, when Sir Gaspard's will had delivered her into his hands ho had kept it still, so that when all was done, and Ismay was his ho could bring it out and laugh in their faces. But he dared not say so now. It would only make his case moro black, his condqcj; more cold blooded. Aud he could not see how she had obtained it ; so that his baro word would go for nothing. Sho had outwitted him, and he made hor a slight ironical Bign of admiration with his eyes. And yet it was simple enough. When Davids and his men searched Wray's room at' Marcliant's Hotel, they had never thought of a black frock coat that tho house maid had, taken to replace a button, Whon ho was gono the girl had iaken it to Mrs. Tre lane, and sho had flung it on her bed with loathing, since it was his. When tho girl was gone she picked it up gingerly, to feel somo thing in the pocket, . and so sho found her salvation. Sho had avoided peoplo after that, uot from terror, but to laugh at them in her sleeve. And in the .very face of the man who knew the note was stolon, Bhe left tho witness-box without a stain. He oared but littlo. Ho was defeated, his case hopeless, and ho was weary of tho court, the curious facos. Since 1 it must all come out, it should come of his own freo will. I His counsel gasped as the prisoner loaned | forward, and asked leavo of the judge to make j a statement. | ' My Lord,' ho began ; ho looked about | him listlessly, as if ho had very littlo interest i iu liiB own words, ' wo have boen horo a long j time, and I, for ono -am weary, Tho 1 facts are thoso : I had lived on Abbotts- i ford for years, call it chantago if you liko. I lived on him. It was 1 said lie bntod women; lio had ronson. He! had been trapped into a marriage' with a woman who was tho worst of hor sex. Sho was umi'i'iuu turtmuy, uur no ( one Know snac but I, for sho was my wife.' His insolent de liberate voice paused an instant. ' I was his best' man,- atfd- tho only witness of his mjii'-' riago with a woman whoso vory existence disgraced him. Ho paid me to hold my tongue. But I drove him too far. Ho found tho wholo thing out. Ho had supported my wife for years, since ho was a mere boy, and he had paid mo to keep tho marriage that was no marriage a secret, and I10 threatened to oxposo mo, I should havo boon ruined at tho bar nnd olsowhoro. | ' ' I wont to see him on tho day his engage ment was announced. On tho way I bought a bottlo of prussic uoid. If I10 gavo mo his word not to exposo me, well and good ! ,If not' — 110 shrugged his shoulders. ' Woll, I was stronger than ho. To knock him down an-J pour tlio prussic aoid iu his mouth would liot bo hard. But I hnd no need. ' ' I found him lying on his sofa ill. But quito obstinato. That very night should seo mo a marked and disgraced man ; his lottors woro written. And then ho asked mo — mo to hand him somothing that was poured out ready in a glass, nis tnroat was sore : x cuci, but first I. pourod in what was iu my bottlo. Ho drank a mere mouthful. Thou life throw down tho glass and tried . to call. But that time was ovor. ' ' ' ' I laid him back on tho sofa hs if I10 slopt, and I had bnroly time to hide in tho bodroom whon thitt lady thoro' — looking at Mrs. Trolano — oamo in'aud found Lord Abbotts ford doad. Tho test you know, oven to tho jowols that wero hor own ! I trust, my Lord, that tho. oaso is done, and that' tlio ladios and gontlomon who liavo honoured tho court' — with (in ironical bow — ' havo not found the cntortrtinnionfc moro dull than thoy oxpoctod.' A little rustloi'an through tho court. Noyoi' had thero boon so extraordinary au onding to a trial for murdor. A man who lot his lifo go bocauso I10 was weary of tho todious dofonoo of it ! Not oven tbo judgo could find voice for an inBtant. And thon somo 0110 scroamod. Marous Wray had i'nllon. in tho dock liko a slaughtered ox. 'A fit! Poison!' Evory soul thoro gaspod oitt ono word or tho othor. But it was; noithor. Tho long strain, tlio sudden oJIort of cool courago had ruptured a blood vessel in his brain. As he, fell, so ho lay 5 as*ho lay, so ho died ; novor speaking or moving again. Tho oayo for tho dofonoo was olosod. Tlio luck of Marous Wray had stuok ljy him to ,tho end. Ismny olung in silonco to Cylmor wlion I10 told hor. ? When sho liftod her fauo it was wot. . , ? ' I'mglad, oh, glad !' she sobbed. ' When I thought I had brought him to it, that it was throhgli mo I10 must bo haugod, I didn't toll you, but I thought it Would urivo me mad.' ' Forgot it, sweot. Blot it out from your mind,' was all I10 could fiud to say. ' Wo will novor sponk of it again.' Thero's ono thing first. Tho boy ! I promised him monoy, and I havo nono.' 'You!' lio laughod. 'You havo fiftoon thousand pounds a yoar all I own. You shall havo tho boy taught a trado aud sot him up iu it. I havo soon about it already.' .IIo looked koonly at lior .faoo that waB too palo, too weary, - ' Ismay,' ho' said, quiotly, ' I nm gohijj to marry you in threo wooks, as soou as things can bo arranged, and tako you away to travol. Can you boar that .prospoat. I'vo novor known you go to ohnron. Will you como-— onoo— -with mo P' ' Tho colour flooded hor fnoo, ' To marry you, do you moan P' Sho olung to him, Ismay, who had roliod on liorsplf dlono, .'Yea; hut, Milos, listen. I don't want any wedding, and I won't wear a wbitp gown, The only white gown I over owned had a bloodstain on it, and I can't forget it — yet.' ' As you like, my sweet,' And the touch of his lips 011 her forehead was full of under standing. They were married as bIio wished, quietly, Sir Gaspard giving away the brido and por tioning hor with generosity born of his groat gratitude. It was two years before Miles Cylmer and Ismny camo homo to Cylm'ers ferry, two years: thnt Mrs. Trelnnc spent gayly, hnvingfivo hundred a year allowed her by the Bnr'onet and living where she liked. As old age claims her she will doubtless take to religion, but the time is not ypt come. Cristiane, sobered and steadied, lived with her father, and he hnd his wish of taking her to London, and seeing her marry a may who preferred her before any green-eyed Circe in tho world ; but that belongs, in another placo. To do her justice, Sir Gaspard never heard of that stolen card, only of Ismay's protection and bravery iu tho tragic chapters n{ her life. And thero is no cynicism now in the linos of Ismay Cylmer's beautiful face. Tho love that nearly was hor doom has been hor saying grace. ? [The End,] * In tha room of 'On tha fed ; o of Donm,' wet shall lo-morrowr boiiln tha publication of am excnllant rtory ontll'od 'A Woman wi-h a Put,1' by a fovou ita author. 