•I WW — „ ' CHARTER I\ T , continned. Sou would prefer I slayod ? ' lie asked, : taking tbe bowl from her, ajid balf - luiniuR 86 be put it back into its plac.0. ~ ' Of coursc 1 should,' Primrose promptly Eakl^ if sbe were offending against tbe uuwritten laws of etiquette it was unwittingly, and for the moment she was .totally oblivious as to how the presence of this strange: quiet mau would affect her "own. comfort during /' her- visit. : i Gilray looked down into her clear eyes, with keen appreciation of the possibility of ^talking to a woman wbo neither flitted nor :jarred upon bim. - There was such a spirit of partisanship iii Ihe houseJat preE'ent that; fit was not often the chancecame in^liis jyayi ' Very'well, 1 will do it/ he. answered, ' with that courteous intonation which her techool life bad rendered so iiew to her that it stamped- bis phrases upon her memory. 5' LalHe ftilljprota it so well as if she had you all to herself, "but I will <36 as prefer.' . Primrose-looked only half satisfied. j. ' You will belp me to make it a pleasant spriug for her ?'she said wistfu]Iy. 'Dclir cate folk shonld never be contradicted ; we must be very nice to her.' h - Gilray read the thought which was uudur lying her words, and this, coupled with the "rescue of bis little sou, awoko in bim a warmer interest than if Be had iivedaraouth with her of ordinary social life. What a complete child sho was, he thought, and bow good it was of her, ho w exquisitely utiselfisb to .concern herself about the matter! : This was to be merely a brief respite from teaching, he remembered she bad told biro, but it .would be odd indeed if with so witching, a personality and so sweet a nature -she sere ever allowed to go back to the drudgery of ; routine. No, she would be wooed and won by some man far luckier than he himself had evpr been ; but, for the present, if he chose to remain at Denton and enjoy her ; innocent companionship, if be made compacts with this slip of a girl who was determined to right the troubles of his little world, it was no one's concern but his own. So he fell in with her suggestions with a heartiness that was not wholly feigned, and received in . reply so flashing and sunny a smiie.of-thanks ; that he felt bo would have been indeed a boor had be not acceded to her request. As the days lengthened into weeks Gilray found no cause to regret his promise, eveu though be'kept it to tbe*letter and did not once go up to town. Primrose's very energy and brightness carried a new life and stir iu to the sombre house : one could not choose but yield to her gentle influence. And,so it N came to pass that, whereas John Gilray had \- been wont to spend his solitary evenings in the smoke room when they were reduced to a home fiariy^iindfo hold himself, whether consciously or not, somewhat after thefashion of Banquo's ghost at the Macbetbs' dinner, when'ef^ guesis, ho now behaved more socially iu the one case, and ma;de ! n Tnote 'genial host in the. olber. But, try as she would, Primrose djd nothing, towards • healing (he mysterious brcucli between Lallieaud her husband ; cyeti her inexperience saw tnat. In was no dimcult matter liovr to ensure Gilray's granting of hie wife's slighlest whim, auSihatJinso tactfnl a fashion that there was no loop-hole for imagining that he did it otherwise than uf his own free will. The girl could do much towfiifds ^warding of fits of sulkiucss or jierpetual nagging oxi Lallie's part, by watching tbeir premonitory signs as she wbuld those of a.iWeatb'ef chart/ . But,,for all thai,'- she knewsbe* was;not drawing the two one whit closc'r together, and that tbe tired look ~tmt seldom vanished from the man's kind eyes. ' Any how j things go more smoothly outwardlyPrimrose, consoled licrself by thinking ; 'and, though tie won't look nicely a 1 : her'i still he is always about the ' place now and does whatt she ivants, so she must, be happier than ^«-iH6edisto l»ei' -WMch-.reflec tionspokemore'foV'-Sfe for ber viEdo'm^Tor Jhpr; cl^ief—succees had lain .in making Lallie.wilifiy jealous, and the fuller peace that had cbmeio the household was but the precursor of :'tbe bursting of. the storm. ' V'isy.• i;•'/ Meanwhile Primrose had made a firm. was; supposed to bo reading for the bar, still . managed to idlp away his time pretty agreeably between, tbe Hall and Fordbatn Abbey, and who thus saw-a good deal of bis sister's pretty guest. Rgtlier" too much, Bessie .:•;• Fordham considered, and'she held aloof frojn Primrose in consequence, little kuowingfhat ^jirlierievbr tbe two;were'to^eth^ was; the perpetual topic of .conversation-r Balkesi^ iobe?nnabIeto iplacevtlietr friendly relations upon a .warmer Jifooting^ :and*many an ausions consultation s- was Aeld; -upon the subject, •.:• which rather frustrated their own intention,. tfor.'BesBje'Bbowcdte^ desperately with Sir Alec Frazer whenever .tbe young Scotsman'appeared in the neighbourhood. .And so tbe beautiful spring came aud went, and Primrose's Tisit'was 'drawing to a close with the first blush of early summer. CHAPTER V. It was a gloriously hot Juue day. ,-iii tlic rambling old-fashioned garden : at Deiilon Hall—a garden where roses: arid jasmine placid confusion—tbo sun was flooding every nook and cranny, stream ihg in long golden bars through the IroHised sidesof tbe summer house, aud glinting through the leafy elms npon the lawn. .• A hammock was strctcbcd there, and lounging in it in indolent contentment was a girl .in a, while gown- Primrose—with her lflp fujl of red and wbito roses, and one great beauty betwepn ber fingers, which she was shaking defiantly at 1)'red. Dallas, who was sitting tailor fashion npon thegrass nearhei'. '. Primrose's broad-brimmed hat, "the crown of which «lie bail stuffed with cabbage leaves. after en original ideii of her own, ivas resting uudcr ber head in lieu of a cushion, .and, had she been tbe most finished coqnctte, she could hardly have bit upon anything wbicb threw .her yellow hair and fair skin iulo prettier relief, than tbeir-veined coppery- green. At least, so thought John Gilray as be passed tbem on bis way home from the statiou, and peeped through tbo tbick screen of laurels which hid him from their vie.w. ' ' Do we miss him ? Oh, yes, we miss Mr. Gilray very much, bailie and I!.. It -is the first time he has been away siuce.Marcb, and we expect him back to-day,* G-ilray heard her say; aud the bearded lips wbich had parted so cagerjy at the £ound of ber voice tightened ominously as he passed, out of earshot. •'.-•' •" His groom had met bim - for tbe luggage with an acconnt of bow Mies Clyde had sat up the best part of two nights with a dying terrier which would take its mcdicine from uo band but hers ; here, at tbe bend in the walk, was his little son with childish enthusiastic stories of tbe games Primrose bad invented during his absenco ; there were some, fallen flowers she bad dropped ; yonder was a small protege, for whom sbe bad begged a "further trial, industriously hoeing potatoes. Everywhere there seemed evidences of tbe sweet girMife. . . Gilray picked up one of tbe rosebuds, and takiug bis boy by the hand, went with bim iu search of bis paother. ; :">'"„' •'•'•... •' Primrose is very kind to me. Sho found my ball in the currant-bushes, and I love her better nor anyone than you, daddy,' prattled tbe child. 'I love her better than mother.- Which do you love best ? Do you love Primrose too, daddy dear ? ' ... Lallie bad gone to lie down, baving given orders tbatebo was on no account to be disturbed until the dressing-bell rang. • .: S after rejoicing the heart of iFelix by the bestowal of a box of soldiers he had brought from town, the father dismissed tbe" child and sauntered down: iato tbe gatdea with the rosebud cajrefully placed in bi6 buttonhole and. the childish question stil.l niiging in bis.ears—' Do yon love Primrose :: too, daddy ? ' - ; . ' Primrose was in the highest possible spirHs that afternoon, without assuredly realising iu the least that ^^Hjr^^j^^jr^itray's promised return, and she was : bent. upou suflicieutly iufecting her rather gloomy companion to tbo pitch necessary for. proposing to bpssie Fordham tbe very next day. '••'.".' To be continued. ' 