CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR NOTES. [Published by Special Arrangement] [All communications for tJus column to be forwarded to the "Superintendent of the Press Department," C.E. Oiticei, iSeaconsSeld Buildings. Notes published in "Tne Evening Journal" every Wednesday. ] A NEW YEAR'S MESSAGE. At the invitation of the Press Superintendent the President oi the South Australian Christian Endeavour Union has written a message for the new year— Philippians i. 3-6. My dear Endeavourers—I wish each and all of yo r . a very happy new year. By this I do not mean the happiness which merely touches the individual, and adds enjoyment and beauty to the lite in the daily march onward, but the happiness which gives and goes out to others to make their lives bright also. This conception of a happy new year will be the means of furnishing a contagious happiness, 'lhe Gospel as 2->roclaimed by the angel was "good tidings of great joy to all people." It the individual experience of the good tidings has brought less than great joy it is not that the power of tne heart's a Gospel is lessened, but that the hords are not vibrating in the right key. t has brought great joy to the afflicted and sorrowing, the tempted and tried, the broken-hearted and solitary, the helpless, he hopeless, and the lost. It has been the ne delightful fountain sparkling with the romises of the crucified risen Lord in the time when friendships have failed, busiess has languished, douDts have crept in, nd the spiritual horizon has for the moment looked dark and lowering. It has een the star of hope radiating the heart's chamber when nought else could have heered or comforted. Yes, this year I ope each one will have a Gospel joy new ear. Happiness whilih goes out from the l ndividual in every direction, like the rays f the lamp in the lighthouse to lighten, heer, comfort, and direct other barques n life's sea is the happiness born of eaven. It is only the love of God died broad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost hat can do this. I wish every Endeavouner year full of rich blessings, a year full f ripening fruits, a year in which the "ex eeding great and precious promises" given ay be abundantly realized in each heart, or "'we have received not the spirit of the orld, but the spirit which is of God that e might know the things that are freely C m s q d G iven to us of God." It is useless to apreciate unless we appropriate what God s i ffers and we can receive. "He is able to o exceeding abundantly above all that we f sk or think." It is an insult to Divinity t hen spiritual gifts profusely offered are arelessly and deliberately rejected. Our t appiness and that of others depends this h t l ear on our communion with Almighty God by Jesus Christ through His Spirit. It is blessed to be happy. 1 i*at is the delight of receiving the joy of the Spirit. It is more blessed to distribute happiness. That entails a more Divine joy, for it is "more blessed to give than to receive." One of the many fruits of the Spirit is heaven labelled "joy." Heaven's music is everywhere. The jarring notes of the world dull our hearing and mar the harmony which might be ours in its fullness. Let this year be a year of days to each one of us. Let each day find each heart glad in the Lord. Let it be a new year with new hopes, new desires, new aspirations, new heart-longings, new friendships, new fields for service, new members, new converts. Let old things pass away and all things become new, "forgetting these things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before. . . Press towards the mark for the prize of the high calling; of God in Christ Jesus." people." "To be strong in the^ord" is to be filled with the Spirit. Let this be a new year in the comfort and delight of praver This will give the power to dare and to do anything and everything for Christ. It alone will give you miraculous power Bv its force you can slay giants and do the impossible. We do not desire to continue sickly infants. We are anxious to grow into men and _ women. Keep on praying Let the prayer ^ be specific. Expulsion of self and the'indwelling of the Hol^GhosT It is only thus we can live in Christ and w for Christ. It is only thus we can have h great joy, and again I add it is onlv thus o we can give enjoyment to others. Again I s wish vou a happy new year. It lies with c you to have it. It lies with you to make 4\. 117.41. _1.J_-J T* , a How can I obtain this happiness? Well it is a secret. It can, however, be divulged! He who holds the secret of true happiness will divulge it, for "the secret of the Lord is with them that fear Him." The secret of true happiness is spiritual prayer. Speak much to the Master. Enquire of the Lord morning, noon, and night. Use the spiritual telephone oftener. Let us have mouths and ears in exercise. Let us not only speak much to God, but let us wait on and for the Lord. Let us listen for His voice, and say unto Him "Speak, Lord, for thy serant heareth." Let us recognise and realize His will concerning us. Let us be intently alive to and active in carrying out His commands. commands, "Wait on the Lord, be of good courage, and He shall strengthen thine heart, wait, I say, on the Lord." We must exercise ourselves in the Divine drillshed. It is needless for me to sav to vou "Thou, therefore, endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ," unless von have the Divine recine for endurance Tt is the same means adopted by the trained soldier. Drill, drill, drill. Exercise thyself unto Godliness. You cannot lift others if salvaesponsibility and" go out to save?"'Prayer ill ensure success. "Now the God of hope ill you with all joy and peace in believing " Your sincere wellwisher, m nb w t w THE PRESIDFVT \- 1 -- l w 