FEDERATION. THE CONVENTION BILL.. OPENING THE CAMPAIGN. Lost evening a meeting of those favor able to the amended Convention Bill was held in the School of Arts' Hall. There were.between 100 and fiOO present/ and the meeting was marked by good order. , Tho chair was occupied by the Mayoi^fMrT^F;' B, ;? ^Bnnv^ nnrl thnsn nrnnnvinnr ftantSVAh f.hn platform were : Very ltev. Boan Marriott, ' Ion. F. B. Buttor, Dr. Hurst,; Messrs. J. '' Boyd, W. H. Paul, J. Lee, Hi O. Beavis, ! W. H. Webb, G. Stone, C. J. Pruen, S. ' Marsden,. W. S. Hodge, G. Hay ward, A. Sadleir, D. F. W. Veness, A. Patterson, G. E. Machattie, J. J. Sullivan, Dr. Maohattie, ' T. L. Richardson. , * , The Chairman having apologised for the absence of Bishop Byrne went on to say that this was the commencement of the campaign in support of the amended Bill. As-he would doubtless have an opportunity of speaking at a later period he would not now take up any time but introduce Mr, Suttor as the first speaker. (Applause.) Hon. F. B. Suttor wns received with ap plause. He said it must indeed be gratifying to those who were engaged in this campaign to see such a representative gathering. This was in nosonso of the word a mooting of his (Hear.) He had not come to give an account of his stewardship, nor to ask a favor at 'their hands. He had come oiia.repre sentative man anxious to bring ' about ? the consummation of that Federation in which theyftll so firmly' believed. (Applause.) He was pleased to see so many on the platform holding different views on, political questions yet prepared to sink all this and hold out the right hand of friendship and join unitedly in furthering this great cause. Although no _ doubt they would again bo out into ment they were working shoulder to shoulder, and he hoped that they would all meet on the 20th June and be successful in their efforts. (Applause.) It was lamentable to consider some of the tactlos adopted by those who sought to put off this great question. One of the branches of the ' Legislature had done all in its power to prevent the Bill from coming to the people. They were, however, at last compelled to yield and to comply with what was demanded of thqm. They were not .asked to vote yes or. no, but to send the Bill to the people. Tin- order to prevent this they inserted amendment whioh were not bona fide. ? (Applause.)' , THH CODNOIL'8 AMENDMENTS. One of the amendments was that 80,000 persons must vote for the Bill before it could be accepted. In the Assembly it is always acknowledged that when a pledge is given by the head of any Government to the heads of other Governments that the pledge should be honored. If the Assembly believe the pledge is not a good one they must oust the Government, but it' is binding on the mem bers and supporters' of the Government. The Premier had arranged with the other Premiers at the Conference that if the Bill was accepted by a simple majority of the people it would be passed. The Legislative Assembly supported him in this, and agreed1 to the proposal. The Council were not tied1 to anyone and would ? not agree; to this, but1 sought to have a defined majority. The object was to try and. defeat 'the; Bill alto gether. Another objection they raised was l/uaiu ^iioDuoiauu UiUOb JUJI1 111 bllti UUXUUUULUr tion,'thus making Queensland the arbiter of this colony's destiny. They persevered in this until driven from their position by addi tional members being nominated. . ? The course taken by tho Government was justifi able, and through it the Bill was thrust down, the throats of the Counoil. (Applause). THE NEW NOMINEES. -^ Amongst those who had been nominated to perform a certain duty they found some to-day going round the country urging the people to vote against the Bill. This was not a fair return for tho favor conferred -upon them. (Applause.) Tho opponents . to the Bill would not accept any compromise; .- The Council had done a very silly thing in . forc ing the' Government to take the coiuso.they had. If Federation was accomplished the Upper House, on' its present basis, would bo abolished, and if the members had had any sense they 'would have listened to the wishes of the popular Chamber. ? Although it is not two months since these appointments ..were mode, yet they ? found two or three 'of tho nominees, now that they had 'climbed into power and position, kicking away tho ladder which had carried them there. (Applause.) ABUSED BY OPPONENTS. The opponents of the Bill had not hesi tated to use' a wonderful amount of abuse when speaking of those who favored the Bill. Base and cruel insinuations were mode on every hand and they were told : that the objeot that prompted them was self aggrandisement. No man could be blamed for being ambitious, and if qualified ,for a position in- the Federal Senate they! were justified in seeking to obtain it. Dr. Moc Laurin had told them that he and his , sup porters hod taken all the brains out of the Bill, and had thereby killed it. He contended that on the. last occasion the minority -had killod it,.,while it had boon accepted by I the majority. Twice the. peoplu had declared themsqlvos in favor, of Federation, and in the prosont Assembly: there- were- 80 who advocated its claims. (Applause.) They were told that they wanted Federation at any prico, but he claimed that if tho Bill was a fair one it should bo accepted. The truth was the opponents would not have Federa tion at any price. TRUSTING OTHEB COLONIES. One objoction to the Bill was that it would be too expensive, and another that the other colonies could not be trusted. He asked whether they were divided from the other colonies by any defined line or distinction. They wero of the same nationality and blood. The children of Now South Wales woro scattered throughout tho whole of Australasia as woro also those from England, and all wore anxious to federate in spite of this opposition. (Applause.) . ; THB RIVEHINA TRADE. L ' Ono argument was that they would lose the Riverinu, trado. He was an Australian first and a Now South Welshman next, and ho argued that if it was to' the advantag-sof tho residents in that district to doal with Melbourne they had a right to do so. Pre sent cirguinstancos were even more favorable ? ' ? i than they would be when they hod Federa tion. Now the Victorians could bring what they wished over the border but the produce, etc., from Biverina taken to Victoria carried heavy gduti'es, and in order to secure the trade a rebate was allowed on the railways of 60 per cent., thus causing a serious loss in revenue; but this would be done away with under Federation. LARGE CONSTITUENCIES. ,; Another member objected to the Bill be cause each member of the House of Ropre sentatives would be chosen by such large constituencies. He argued that this was absolutely necessary when the number of representatives was limited to 25. Suoh objections as those wore childish. (Applause.) ASKINGvFOR FUDEUATION. Ho would remind them that it was New South Wales who had always been asking for Federation and had invited the other colonies to join thqm. Now it was sought by a minority to again tell thorn that they would not have it. The great heart of the people was in favor of Fedoration, however, not only iu the absract but in the concrete, and ho was satisfied that on June 20th they' would have it. (Loudapplause.) Binco the last vote was taken decided improvements had been made in the new.Bill. He urged ' that those who had supported it before could | not vote against it now. (Applauso.) They did not claim that it was perfect, but it had been improved and efforts had been mode to ' make it more palatable to the minority. The ' main features of' the first Bill had not struo- [ turally altered but the main provisions were ? so improved that none who had supported it ! last' time could consistently oppose it now. (Applause.) THE THBEK-FIFTH MAJOMTY. The alteration in the voting power of 'the combined Houses was an important one, and while under the first Bill a three-fifths majority was asked for now an absolute majority would be accepted. This was an /mportant concession, but he thought that it would be very seldom that the necessity for both Houses to sit together would arise. He did not think the Senate would, as a body, be antagonistic to the. House of Representa tives. As great, popular and liberal as was the House of Representatives in America and Canada, the one in Australia would be more so. (Applause.) It would be marked by liberality and aemoorooy. The same people' who sent the representatives to the ?House would also send them to the Senate, and they would have to acknowledge the people as their masters and consequently seek to do ther duty. The Senate would not be constituted as the Legislative Council was, in that the members would not be there for life after being once appointed. EQUAL BEPRESBNTATION. .may were ram mac me isiu would uo away with majority rule because of the equal representation of States in the Senate. While this was so yet' 'in the House of Representatives New South Wales would have 25, while Tasmania and West Australia would have only five each. As population increased the number in the mother colony would grow while it would be some time j before the other colonies would be entitled to more. They must expect to make some concessions, but* the advantages would far out do these. (Applause.) \- ''THK 'SECRET'. CONFERENCE. It was amusing to hear the opponents of the Bill refer to the Conference in Melbourne as a 'secret conference.' He asked any man if it was feasible: to think that the press should be admitted to a Conference between the heads of Governments of the various colonies? It was not possible that these gatherings could be other than private, as much so as were meetings of the Cabinet, a consultation withdootors, or the deliberations in a jury room. . It would be impossible to arrive at any_ decision unless they carried on their disoussions in , private. . (Applause.) THE BBADDON CLAUSE. - '.-.??': Another vast improvement in the Bill was that relating to the Braddon clause. Few people ever claimed that the first Bill was perfeot. The Premier of Tasmania had sought to solve a difficulty and prevent any wild expenditure by the Federal Parliament and in the clause he proposed it was laid down that three-fourths of the money raised was to bo returned to the State which con tributed and one- fourth spent in Federation. By this means large sums would be returned to tho various States and make- them more prosperous. The time for the operation of -this, clause was limited to ten years, but if it was found to work badly the Act was so arranged that an altera tion .could be easily made, or it' could be thrown out altogether. Although all had admitted this olauso was objectionable yet no one hod yet been able to propose anything which would improve it or fill the provisions it meant to meet. Dr. McLaurin sought to frighten them with figures, but others who had made computations had shown that the additional cost would not be more than Is per head. -A considerable saving would bo effected in abolishing many of the public offices which now existed and which would be established in connection with the Federal Parliament. They would not be compelled to. koop^ upjthe different departments that now existed, and one of which would be the military. All would be controlledundev one head. Some argued that it was not fair to spend money in tho defence of Hobart and other distant parts, and should protect their own homes first. He contended that the hearths and homes of those at a distance should be as valuable to them as their own when common ' danger threatened. It was possible to make the harbor of Sydney im pregnable, but what would be the benefit of this if the outskirts were loft unprotected and the enemy came in at the back door. If the additional expense was 2s Gd what diffe rence did. it make so long as they reaped a benefit of 8s 6d. By Fedoration foreign oapital as well as English would be brought in and thus prosperity must follow. New South Wales, must, of necessity, become tho groat manufacturing centre, and ho failed to understand how anyone in Newcastle could oppose the Bill. They wore told every day that they would have to maintain five or six Parliaments, Governors and other expen sive departments because there was no provision in tho Constitution for a reduction. It was not likely that the people would consent to their Constitution being altered by the Federal Parliament, but when the proper tiino came thoy would see that necessary and pi-opor alterations wore made He considered that they should have a Governor-General for the whole of the 'States, and thought it unnecessary to have Peers of the Realm as Lieutenant-Governors. He thought that there were men in the different colonies quite capable of filling these positions. (Applause.) In the past these men had carried out their duties and uphold the dignity of the office with satisfaction. When thp administration of many im portant departments was removed from local Parliaments they could reduce the number of representatives in Parliament to 60 or 70. If he was' in Parliament at tho time and no one else moved in the matter ho would do so eVen at the risk of losing his seat. (Applause.) THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL. . ] Some persons objected to Federation on sooial grounds and ladies averred that they would be deprived of attending Govern ment House balls and other funotions. They must not think that the Governor General would continue to reside in the Federal Capital all the year round, but only -while -Parliament was sitting. He would spend the rest of his time in moving about and visiting the different States, as was done in Canada. 'Social, entertainments would then be distributed over the various provinces CIVIL SERVANTS.' Some argued that the number of civil ser vants would be reduced, but there was na truth in this statement, any more than that 2d wouldhave to be spent in stamps where Id now was 'sufficient. There would no doubt be a levelling up and down throughout the whole of the States and the whole ser vice would be regulated. Railway em ployees wero told that their salaries would be reduced to the same level as in Viotoria, but this was noj; according to faots.. ; Fede ration would tend to abolish . differential rates on the railways and increased revenue would. be given in that direotion where now the service was carried on in many places at a loss. ? 1 . ? OPPOSITION BUGBEARS. ' , The Opposition were raising bugbears in all directions in' order toterrify tho electors,' but it could be Bhewh that these were noti supportedby facts but that, as in Canada,' they would meet with success if once fcheyT had Federation. (Applause.) - . 1 ? ? ? . : j THE FEDERAL OAPITAL. : . He need not appear as an apologist for Mr. Reid, who was well able to defend him self ,' yet he would give him credit for what he hod. done at tho Conference; (Applause.) He had been violently attacked for having consented to the first Federal Parliament sitting in Viotoria. . But this was only tem porary and would continue when New South Wales was ready. If Mr. Reid 'had come : bock and said that the Parliament was only to be temporarily in this colony and perma nently in Vfbtoria he would have bee'n hounded out of office. It was only a small concession granted to Victoria. If they looked upon Victoria as honest in this trans-' action the Parliament would be established permanently in this colony. He was proud to think that the opinion expressed by Mr. Want of the_ other-colonies was not held by many prominent people in New South Wales. (Applause.) As to the capital he was sure that Federation had not been voted for by the Bathurst citizens because they hoped to get the capital. Their vote had been given from a higher and purer motive. (Applause.) He. had no doubt that when the time came their claims would be fairly considered. On the question of the 100 miles radius he read a letter written by Mr. Alexander Oliver to the Sydney papers, in which he proved con clusively that the distance must be calculated by the nearest practicable route. THE VOTE. In six weeks time they would be called upon to cast their vote for or against the I Bill. _ If Federation was again voted against in this colony the other colonies would not again, consent to join them. They would consider that the people of New South Wales were truckling with the question. The day following that on which the vote was taken would be the shortest in the year, but as. on the next the days would begin to be brighter and clearer he hoped it would bo emble matical of the future of this great question, and that suoh a vote would be given as would give to their children a birthright of which they might justly be proud. (Loud applause.) j^i. luuuunuB uuugi-uiiuiuittju tnu citizens of Bathursfc on the warm interest they con tinued to take in this great question, as evinced by the large attendance at a period so'long before tho vote was to bo taken. It proved that the Federal spirit had a strong hold on tho people. (Applause.) Twelve months ago he voted for the old Bill, and was proud to acknowledge it because he felt that under it they would have a good Constitution. (Applause.) They were then asked, as they were now, to federate with those of their own own flesh and blood. There was no reason to try and get the best of each other, and it was disgraceful that they should call the other colonists thieves and robbers. He expressed pleasure that Mr. Want had been relegated to the private position which he should have occupied years ago. Tho present Bill was more palatable than the first, and he could not conceive how anyone who supported the first could opposo this one. Ho hoped thoy would all read the Bill carefully and consider its provisions. He wont on to refov at longth to the question of the Braddon Clause and the Federal Capital. Tho Federal spirit was not infused because of tho prospect of having the capital in this colony. This colony was entitled to it because sho was tho mother colony and was only receiving her right. Some argued that if it was not in Sydney it would be the downfall of the metropolis, but this might also apply to the metropolitan cities in the other colonies. This was a more important question than many thought, and Sydney hod nothing to fear so long as tho capital was not on the South. No oity possessed tho advantagesof Sydney, which must always bo the quoon city of the South. (Applause.) He concluded by moving — 'That in the opinion of this meeting tho Amended Con vention Bill is a fair and liberal measure, and oan with confidence bo rooom mendod for acceptance to the electors of Now South Wales.' (Loud Applause.) Mr. W. H. Paul seconded the motion. Mr. Reid had done an excellent thing in making this a people's question. He had supported tho last Bill but admitted that this was a vast improvement, and a more liberal measure. The Constitution could now bo more oasily altered. As a Freetrader he was opposed to taxation, but it was absolutely necessary in this case and it wag limited to ' v tea- years with power to amend before that if desired. They had the right of the referen dum and for this reason the Bill should secure the democrats' vote. Ho approved of the opinion advanced by the late Sir Henry Parkes who said that they hod no right to make the question of £ s. d. a consideration in the Federation. He disapproved of the 100 miles radius from Sydney. It would be ???'? impossible to make Sydney Federal .. terri tory, as no State can afford to lose the sup port which such a step would involve. (Ap plause).. . ..-.-'. Dr. Hurst supported the motion, claiming that the Bill was a decided improvement. It was only natural that the members of the Upper House should oppose the Bill, because power would be . taken out of their hands. (Applause.) Mr. W. H. Webb also supported the mo tion. During the last campaign he had advocated the amendments and he felt proud to know that these amendments wore now embodied in tbe now Bill. Those who wore then working for. the Bill and those opposing it were now sitting side by side, fighting for the great- and . glorious cause, (Applauso.) Unfortunately the Liberal League had decided not to co-operate as^a body with the other Association. This was , decided at a meeting of only 14 or 15 members and some thought that he and others . wore only present now on sufferance. {So I no I). They were in tho same position as the Government at the— last election and were all on thoir own. Very shortly a special meeting of the League would be called to doal with the whole ques I and he honestly believed that they wo^i support the Bill. Referring to the Railw^p he said he could speak feelingly. He con*1 sidered that ' the late Sir Henry Parkes was the one man who could have brought about Federation. (Applauso.) He told them that in dealing- with this great question they should soar above these petty-fogging ideas and leave them to be settled by the Federal Parliament. ~ (Applause.) If through Feder ation they were a ;little more taxed they would seoure intercolonial Freetrade and that was a great boon. (Applause.) If, as Mr. Suttor had said, they would by Federa tion' do away, with the differential railway rates they would gain a great deal. Under these rates those living within a radius of 200. miles of Sydney, could not compete with towns beyond that distance. Years ago they had prosperity in Bathurst and other towns, but now through theso rates this was re moved and the people ? here hod to pay the same rate as that oharged .to Bourke. Through this the people nearer Sydney had to pay the piper. What they paid in taxation they reoovered through the saving in railway rmes. ai tnere were any viotonana present they would have hod the very ghost fright ened out of them after hearing Mr. Suttor's remarks on that point. (Laughter and Cheers.) For years past the rebates and drawbacks had tended to win for the Vic torians the Rivorina trade. Sydney was the octopus of N.S. Wales and since he was a baby this had been so. (Applause.) The 'sooner the people in the country rose above this and put a stop to it the better. Every thing was centralised in Sydney, and some wanted tp.make. Sydney Australia. - A busi ness man in Sydney had told him that if the capital could have been at North Shore or. ,. in... close proximity to Sydney the men who now opposed it would have ? supported. the Bill. It was shameful and scandalous that- the wealthy merchants of Sydney should be adopting tho oourse they ihadtaken. (Loud applause.) The motion \yas then put and oamod. \- A vote of thanks was then passed to the ;ohairman, and the proceedings closed. 