FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. Alfred Dampier had quite a cultured crowd at the Bijou on Friday evening, when he played 'Hamlet.' Mr. Dampier's interpretation of the famous role of the Prince of Denmark is one which has been seen in Adelaide be fore, and a renewal of an acquaintance ship of this kind is ever dear td the heart of the Shakespearian student. Mr. Dampier's fine acting and artistic appreciation of the complexities of this great character was such as to win for him unstinted applause from an audi ence largely made up of critical readers of Shakesperian works. Miss Rose Dampier as Ophelia was tender and sympathetic to the part, and Miss Katberine Russell as the Queen, Mr. Johnson Weir as Laertes, and Mr. William Howard Smith as Horatio, with Mr. Edmund Holloway as the Ghost and Mr. George Bulier as the First Gravedigger gave intelligent ren derings of their ro es. On Saturday, before a well-filled house, 4 Everyday London' was presented. This play is one abounding in situations, none of which are vacant, but are crowded with strong and forcible melodramatic material, which commended itself to the audience. It is a bit too 4 plotty ' to go into in detail, but its many dramatic deviations give Mr. Dampier ample scope for his abilities as Harold Armstrong, otherwise Sequab, tbe Indian Medicine Man. Miss Lily Dampier made her first appearance since her successful tour in Great Britain, and met with a flattering re ception, the cheering on her entry being spontaneous and sustained. Since her sojourn in the old country this young lady has made considerable advance, and her performance in the dual pirts of Mrs. Armstrong and the daughter, Jessie, betokened profes sional finish, especially in the emotional portions. A fine piece of acting was shown by Mr. Johnson Weir as Lionel Roberts, the villain, Mr. F. C. Appletoa making a good Hon Mr. Trevylian, M P.; Mr. Edmond Holloway's Dismal Dick was a distinctly clever charac terisation, and so was Mr. George Bailer's Grimy Ned. Susan Sparkles ' from the 'Ome1 was splendidly enacted by Miss Katherine Russell, who made the slavey and lady of all work a very light and entertaining member. Miss Rose Dampier as Lucy Manners gave a satisfactory repre sentation, and Master Dampier re ceived many encomiums for his match boy. Mr. John Forde convulsed the house as the ever present policeman, and the other parts were well cast. The scenery throughout was of an ex cellent^ description—Epping Forest, Piccadilly, and the Thames by night being splendid examples of scenic art. On Saturday night 4 East Lynne' (special version adapted for Miss Lily Dampier) is billed, and on Monday 4 Robbery Under Arms,' and on Tuesday 4 Everyday London will be played at the Port. A tour of the country follows. 'Jack and tne Beanstalk' haa been running to good business at the Royal, the pantomime having met with general favor, but on Saturday even ing ' Robinson Crusoe,' another panto mime, in which there will^be entirely uew scenery, ballets, marches, songs, and dances, will be staged. The com pany have been in active rehearsal during the week, and the new show should prove a great draw. fourth Continental on Saturday evening last was largely patronised by the public. Miss Nellie O Sullivan singing of the 'Star of Bethlehem' was well received as was also her rendition of 'The Perfect Life.' Mr. H. R. Holder was loudly applauded on making his bow after so long an absence from the concert platform here. His singing of Tosti's 'For Ever and For Ever,' and Schubert's ' Wanderer,' and ' My Life for Thee,' gained for him demonstrative calls for encore on each occasion. Mr. L. Hopf's band provided some beautiful selections during a pleasant evening. Last night another Continental was announced, the vocalists being Mr. H. E». Holder and Miss Lucy Stevenson, with the Military Band in attendance. On Saturday evening another Con tinental will be given, the members of the Fairbain Operatic Society appear ing along with the Military Band. * The Trocadero ushered in its 14th week on Saturday evening and merri ment marked the proceedings through out. 4 Hurrah for Casey' was a hilarious absurdity played by a good company. Miss Cora Bailey's dainty dancing was of a first-class order, and Miss Chetwynd s song and dance was generously applauded. Miss Lome, who is a vivacious young lady, sings very pleasantly, and little Dolly Daly is a remarkabl y clever child whose 'turn' is a very good one. Mr. J. Ward is an eccentric comedian, whose singing and dancing is amusing, and Mr. Bert Thomson, the descriptive ballad vocalist), created a very favour able impression. The clever Leo polds in their acrobatic and contortion aet9 were very successful. 4 Ireland and Germany' is a laughable farce, which sends the audience home in a good humor. The performance is one packed with good things, and provides a good night's entertainment at a moderate outlay. * * * By arrangement with the Y.M.C.A. Mr. Edward Reeves, the well-known elocutionist, is advertised to recite without the aid of note or book Coulson Kernahan's realistic story en titled ' A Literary Gent.' It has never been rendered in this colony, and probably never anywhere else in the form of a recital, and considerable interest therefore attaches to the per formance. Mr. Reeves will also render some humorous selections, and Mr. J. J. Virgo will contribute songs. The plan of the Victoiia Hell may be seen at the Y.M C.A., where seats can be reserved The Children's Hospital is an in stitution of which we all feel justly proud. Its benefits are immediate and far-reaching in their effects, and it will compare more than favorably with similar institutions in the other colonies. It speaks well for the Nor wood Cycling Ciub, who recognise the merit^ of the ins'ituti n in promoting a gymkhana in aid of the Children's Hospital, and it is to be hoped that the sports meeting on Saturday at the Jubilee Oval will have a bumper at tendance. It deserves it for two reasons—first and foremost it is for a very laudab'e object, and secondly, the programme is a diversified and enter taining one. 