NüVuL. The Wonder-Witch; ßy M, e. MCCLELLAND, . OUATTER XVIII.-(Continued.J Ba' when iii:' negroes whispered ibout. with borrid insistence, a grim lomond ? f a pedder cceu lu e..t.-r ; UL- wakefield dc"-, bu' noi IM ec urn; oui UKH;L, ibu papillae;; c.ecided that ti,, to «ri, w*,> r-pi IO.- invefrligatior., and, fiimmoni^sr cflicial cid, raided the pince, Tic« Wad field?- rcsi-red, ati<! ibi-r.i Was * buttle, in wi.icn »KD OÍ UM were shot, ii i- added tu 'Ut. evil repute ut llic pliee, and u needed only rt hwoous discovery in une et tue odiar-, and an incontinent IjDchmii in ibo baekyard, to give it a char acter which would condemn it t i isolation from lindan occupation forever. Tuts aguie, co lotjter took the trouble even i.j faücn up door? au : window.-. lie knew tuai i:i the boculk imagination, !.ctL «?bi!« and cci vureii, tile plmjo would Hpwwliiy oecoîco a oto.co reuutz .uu« ¡or «vii nj.¡ru.< und 1- »ULIB. und the parue ular nmji^u/ j/rouud of the . dev:!. A» Kuti' -urned iront a cjd gate ia to tho pabiic rua'j. S;IH ninene i> nephev.' of her want i's, iviiu lived wi ¡LI ter, it, a tir field, talking tu ii mau ou iiors back. ethe can tered oe brisa:/, no' winbin^ to be belitud. A milo cr K0 on eh.» lurnei into a cos ? rotio which dooouolied through * pim form and ww. arpa-fentiy but little u<"ad. The after Boon «as socubre, with a dolt November my and intermittent tunshi'.-e, Thc oh-ll or the air wa» untouched, aud the earth held the hud of .he previous ni¡{ht, so that, except «hero lalieL pico needles deadened all sound, it ran;»' hard as iron unde: th* horse's hoois Uu either ucind rh'- pines, araiistyiod sad matu vc, uplifted columns of brun zn, with Mnemc cath'-'drai cifréis, enhanced by ito iaiericieina of dark brauchen above int" impost and ar¿n, rib and groin. Through tho foliaged intricacies o< tbi- mighty roof the Ü¿üt mite} dimly down to lite shadov.' leos enrpe'. ot brown pine net-iies. Ruth rode sun-iy, impressed with ruu sio-uoo and grwiceur ut the place and invigorated by tte arutnaric icoonse w ¡ch nile drew into her iuugs. A oiiort distance farther ibo woods, opened mw tear tie.ds, uuc.icMud by dilapidated feuc«,, ata auanduueJ tc tb-i nnoroachment ot broouict:d)ic aud scrub. The road, mach wanned »nd ^allied, l»-d oircailously H th" old i. itniJLu?.: iu tiie distance, so Rath lei: lt and cut across through ibo fields. The hous.j rijod b tre aud turioru among ll" de nuded 'rees, th i v-ry epitome and centre ot sn eiieouipa(.aiLii¿; desolation. Haiti shuddered a- she looked at lt, Qiidewid over with decay, its saehiess win dows t^ggUaia into spac; Uk.: e,elesc. Kcokei-i ns ooiokelees <ihiim.eyt> eloquent oi cold hearthstone? below. Sha cid not won der that ihe place was avoided by all, »»fi w»8 bait sorry rjhe had cumc lo ii terse'! Sile wreuebe-d her mind away from ttic wonder wiwin of the tree* hod been nsed ac Ís giboet, and resolutely recalled the ole nike, striving to fill the ailent.« and des.-.W hon »nh the movement« of uie.o and thc glow of camp fires. The yard enclosure wai gone, but a orcken gate poft i tuce up ii hom, l,k6 a jae; roath in thc- jaw o: old a»re »adi üktnouMod and fastened her horse ic lt- li.e pathway lo tile Jiouee wad distiof. still »ad »eil beaten, ont ibe porch iltel Wa» uueuund, and Bigge.; mournfully »wai bora iiie ouudiug. rtatb. croesei it dubi 'usiy aud laiu her hand on the door. A» sb' did su Ltr horm ivhinnied sharply, an; thc flanced book at hiui, startled. There Wdi liOthit^ in i-igh*. : so, oonCiUdini¿- thai -h bean «as simply proteftinä against bt-iij Wt, she pushed open the door and entered Tb* room to the right of the hali wa» ihi pas in which the jovial general and his sts.1 "»4 tea-ted Let- on that far away morning Ww gianoed at it curiously, noting ita uti* desolation and the dirt and dilapidation I whii'ti spoke ot Hs hideous after days. Sae [ prooeedsd up the stairway, trying to revivify old a* soo ia tiona and emotions, and failing signally. The .now' was omnipresent, and for the then there could be only the ansnb» stanttality of a ghostly return. lt waa oi Guthrie, not of the gsy young Confederate, that Ruth thought as she mowed the upper hall and entered the small room ia whioh their interview had taken place. Hero ic was belter : the room WOB moderately chan, and the window, whUo de nuded of a pane or two of glass, retained itu rashes. The gloom without had lifted a little, and what aoant sunshine there was entered and lay in a segmented square on tho floor. A shabby old table, too forlorn to tempt theft, stood in the centre of the room, and beside it a broken-booked chair, which seemed somehow co tura the edge of tho genera! desolation. Ruth seated herself and strove loyally to bring baok the put, even removing her gloves no that she might derive inspiration from the wonder- witch's ring. yj iutent was she that ohs did not notice the noiseless opening of au inner door, or the iq jail j noieeleed advanoe of a man in (frey uniform, lt was only when a quiet voice said, ' It's pretty hard work conjur ing it all baok, uu't it f" that the looked ap in terror, with ber heart in her throat, to behold-the Confederate I Pjr i ritiirioas instant it seemed to her thai abe munt ba trysting with a ghost, und then Guthrie's voioe, entreating forgiveness tor a sordid triok was in her ears, and Guthrio s Htrong bands hold hers in their uhu-p. Tata, ia a mon ent their «yes had spoken, and ii jreat spell !i:'okt over hei, ucl bíiu »si gathered ciase in his arms, chuging oil Iii- breast, with his lips seeking Herí, Aud her i!ü»rt al: s-trcir.blu with relief and tova and comprehension. 