Was the Early British Church Roman Catholic ? The Testimony of the Ancients. By an Occasional Contributor. The earliest days of the British Church are only known to us by tradition. Gildas tells us that Christianity was introduced into Eng land before the year 61, but he does not tell us how. St. Joseph of Aremathea is said to have ended his days at Glastonbury, and here beside his chapel and grave for cen turies a great thorn tree, believed to have been his staff, grew and blossomed at mid winter. The British leader, Caractacus, took his daughter with him when he jour neyed to Borne as a prisoner. This lady, known as Claudia, married the Senator Fudens. St. Paul mentions them in his Second Epistle to Timothy (iv. 21). Carac tacus, with his father, B. Bran, is said to have returned to England as a missionary. The first reliable fact about the early church is, however, given by St. Bede when he tells us that in 166 Lucius, King of the Britons, sent a letter to the Pope Eleuthe rius, entreating that by his command he might be made a Christian. He soon ob tained the object of his pious request, and the Britons preserved the faith which they had received uncorrupted and entire, in peace and tranquillity, until the time of the Emperor Diocletian. In compliance with this request SS. Fugatius and Damianus were sent to Britain by the Pope. Tertul lian in 210 says that " the hauntB of the Britons inaccessible to the Biomans had been subjugated to Christ." Some modern writers have tried to dis credit thiB quotation from St. Bede, and have made a conjecture of their own as to the origin of the British Church, ascribing it to Lyons in France. Even were this so, it would not make his teachers less papal, for St. Trenoeus, who was then Bishop of Lyons, was the disciple of St. Polycarp, the disciple of St. John the Evangelist, and was one of those Fathers of the Church, who wrote most strongly on the subject of the supremacy of Borne. The contemporary records of this time are very meagre, as during the Saxon invasion churches and religious buildings were everywhere burnt. In Wales, how ever, where the Christians took refuge, some chronicles, such as the " Book of Llandaff," "Cambria Sacra," and "The Letters of Urban of Llandaff," were pre served, and are rieh in evidence of the faith of the British Church. In the lives of the first two Bishops of Llandaff we read. in reference to privileges granted them, "Sanctioned by Apostolical autho rity," " This is the law and privilege of the Church of Teils, of Llandaff, which these kings and Princes of Wales granted to the Church of Teils, and all its bifihops after him forever, and was confirmed by the Popes of Rome." And later, " And as the Church of Rome has dignity above all Churches of the Catholic faith." In the Dimetian code of British laws is that article, " Who-' ever shall commit treason against his lord, or waylay, is to forfeit his patrimony, and if caught is liable to be hanged. . . . If he repair to the Court of Bome, and return with a letter in his possession show ing that he is absolved by the Pope, he is to have his patrimony." The third Bishop of Llandaff went to Bome to confer with the Pope, and St. Cadoc made no less than seven pilgrimages to the Eternal City. Three British bishops who were present at the First Council of Aries (314) signed its decrees, which were sent to Bome for Pope Sylvester's approval, with a letter, in which occurs thiB passage, " We have thought it advisable not to confine our labors to the programme set before us. We have also thought of providing for our dioceses, in tbe presence of the Holy Ghost and His angels, certain regulations. But it is our opinion that as you have a wider jurisdiction, it is your duty to promulgate them to all the faithful." In the Council of Sardica (343) the British bishopB signed an address to Pope Julius saying, "It will seem to be beBt and most proper if the bishops from each particular province make reference to their head, that is, to the seat of Peter the Apostle." In the Venedotian code it is stated, " And after they had constituted the laws as they considered fitting, Howel the Good, the Bishop of Menevia, the Bishop of St. Asaph, and the Bishop of Bangor, together with others, making 13 in number, of teachers and other wise men of the laity, went to Bome to obtain the authority of the Pope of Bome for the laws of Howel, and there were read the laws of Howel in the pre sence of the Pope of Bome, and the Pope was satisfied with them, and gave them his authority." There are extant no less than six Bulls of Pope Calixtus II., and four teen of Pope Honorius II., arranging the affairs of the Diocese of Llandaff. Urban, Bishop of Llandaff, says, " The Church of Llandaff, ever since the days of Eleutherius, Pope of the See of Bome, and since the coming of St. Augustine, has always been truly Catholic." When the Pelagian heresy broke out in Britain it was condemned by a council held in St. Clements, Basilica, in Bome, in 418, and again by the Council of Ephesus in 431. In 429 Pope Celestius Bent St. Germanus as his legate to the Britons that he might defeat the heretics. Surely all this is Roman Catholic enough to convince the strongest believer in the " continuity " theory. Though even could it be proved that the British Church was not in communion with Borne, one fails to see its connection with the present Church of England, as at the time of St. Augustine's coming the old church had been swept away by pagans as far as England was con cerned. Certainly the Britons refused to help St. Augustine in his mission to the Saxons, whom they hated, but, does not his asking their help prove their oneness with him in doctrine ? Their very obstinacy about the date for keeping Easter was a proof of the Boman origin of the British Church, for the erroneous mode to which they were so much attached was itself the earliest Boman one. As astronomical know ledge progressed, the learned men of Borne amended the ecclesiastical calendar from time to time. And so long as the Britons were able to keep up communication with Borne they changed the dates accordingly. In 453 the Britons altered their Easter cycle for no other reason than that the Pope so ordained. This was 143 years be fore the coming of St. Augustine. The Briton's liturgy and form of worship were distinctly Boman. Their Mass was said in Latin as it is to-day, and was in fact the very Mass Ritual which was arranged by Pope Sc. Gelasius. There is also an insurmountable diffi culty in the way of the holders of the "continuity" theory which they cheer fully ignore. If they claim descent from the British Church, and are con vinced that that Church was not Roman Catholic because it would not accept St. Augustine, what have Anglicans to do with him and his See of Canterbury F Is it consistent to urge that the British Church would have nothing to do with St. Augus tine, the head of the English Church, and then to claim that the Anglican Church is in direct continuity with the British Church! If the Britons' opposition to St. Augustine amounted to a rejection of the Pope's jurisdiction, is. not this admitting that St. Augustine, the first hierarchial head of the English Church was neither more nor less than a papal emissary? But then what becomes of the independent national character claimed for the Church of England, if it was so popish at its birth ? Then what becomes of their new name for Catholics in England, " The Italian Mission"? As St. Gregory sent St. Augustine, so Pius IX. sent Cardinal Wiseman. Both derived their jurisdiction from Rome, both wore the pall given to them by the Pope, both were in communi cation with the Church Universal. In which of these things does the present Archbishop of Canterbury resemble St. Augustine P ExtPribst Slattery in Melbourne.— The Melbourne correspondent of the Syd ney " Freeman " writes:—We are just now placed in the painful position of witnessing one of those disgusting exhibitions of anti Catholic bigotry which, thank goodness, are few and far between, the vile trade evidently losing ground as the Catholic Church, her Hierarchy, priests, and reli gious of both sexes become thoroughly known to intelligent non-Catholics. On Monday night an unfortunate fallen priest, Joseph Slattery, harangued an Orange audience on the wickedness of Borne, &c.; He forgot to state, however, that he had been cast out as a rotten branch from the ranks of the priesthood, that his character will not bear the light of day, and a hundred other facts which a sense of public decency forbids one to touch. After all, it is a standing miracle that out of the thousands of priests who daily minister to the 250,000,000 of the faithful throughout the English-speaking world, so few there are who betray Mother Church and scan dalise the little and unwary ones. As usual, the French truism comes in here— " A woman at the bottom of it." Yes! An unfortunate creature striving to add to her partner's gate-money by pretending to have been a nun. The "Advocate" com pletely exposes the wretched couple. To the credit of the daily press, little encou ragement has been given to the Slatterys and the wretched Orange cliqjie who invited them to our shores in the hope of damaging St. Vincent's Hospital Fair now proceeding at the Exhibition Building. "Augh-waugh!" It was the baby. He had repeated the remark sixty times in the past hour. Mr. Newleigh's hair, such as it was, stood on end. " Grhow ahwb wowbdg wow filwaugfrahm," added the baby, while people living across the street got up and closed their windows. Mr. Newleigh took a whetstone out of the table drawer and ground his teeth. " To think," he groaned, burying his face in the pillows,." that I should grow up to become the father of a Midland station train-crier." 