I 5lisi> Kingsley on West African Beliefs IThe announcement that Miss Mary Kingsley would lecture before the Society for Psychical Research drew an audience which filled the Westminster Town Hall, Mr. H. M. Stanley be ing among those present. Dr. G. F. Rogers, who was in the chair, .introduced ' Miss Kingsley, who took for her subject "The Forms of Appari tions in West Africa." : v ' v ; y . The apparitions, it must be confessed, melted before Miss Kingsley's humor, but the lecture I was not the less entertaining on that account. I Miss Kingsley opened by saying. that she had j known many persons-educated and uneducated, white as well as colored-succumb to delirium, but had never known anyone succumb so readily as the West African. .A rise of temperature which would merely give à European a head ache threw the West African into a delirium. The West African was Intensely excitable, and would go stiff on very short notice. He believed himself to possess not one soul only; but four souls, a sort of soul syndicate. These four were the dream soul, the shadow soul, the bush soul, and the surviving soul. He saw everything in nature as the garment of a god; The garment might not always be used, or the god might use it and then discard it, or destroy it in displeasure, but there was no form of life or matter which might not be in habited by a god upon occasion. And then Miss Kingsley went = on to explain that while there were many minor gods, there was one oversee ing deity. The latter, it was understood, must not be troubled at all about the affairs and diffi culties of individuals; but concerned himself with the larger politics alone. A chief, desirous of attracting the attention of this deity would pre face his prayer, oddly enough, with a recital of his own great virtues and merits, there being a West African proverb, "No man knows how good he is. except himself." After this self-eulogy, the chief would proceed reasonably and with dignity to argue his case "like one great diplo matist," said Miss Kingsley, "discussing affairs of State with another." The minor gods were conceived to be visible, and <were described by the natives as being of various hues-some black, others in shades of brown, and one or two-these being the most vindictive-as white as chalk or the surf that makes the sea coast perilous. Previous to seeking an interview with one of these powers, the native would consult one of the witch-doctors concern ing the deity's state of temper, and be guided by the verdict of this oracle. Sometimes he would obtain a hint on this subject by some external circumstance. Thus, a man setting out hastily to climb a steep cliff to reach the dwelling of one of his gods slipped and fell to the bottom. He construed this accident as a hint that for that day he had better conduct his business without spiritual assistance. Of the spirits of human beings-our ordinary ghosts-the West African had little fear; he re garded them, indeed, as good and. harmless; but he was greatly afraid of devils, and believed 'whole villages and tracts of country to be p*s sessed by them. Some of the devil-villages, sur rounded as they were by swamps, whence croco diles, and hippopotami emerged, looked by night quite sufficiently terrifying without 'the presence Of those devils whom the lecturer was obliged to admit she had not observed. The character: of the West African, however, does not seem to be impaired by these strange beliefs, for Miss Kings ley paid a tribute to tíis moral qualities, and said that the amount of crime recorded in. an English Sunday paper could not be perpetrated in West Africa in a month. After the lecture there was an interesting dis cussion, in which Mr. Myers, Mr. St. C. Boscawen, and others joined, concerning "doubles," divina tion, bywater, and drum-signalling. Dr. Parker told a remarkable story of the manner in which. news had been conveyed to him across the inte rior bf Africa, where there was neither a river nc r apparently ¿ny other means of communication. Miss Kingsley readily granted that there were still unexplained mysteries m regard to the trans mission of news, but the hypothesis of the "dou ble," or, in other words, the belief that the witch doctors can send forth their souls like special cor respondents! to collect news in distant places, was not an idea that she was disposed to favor.-The "Queen." _ For a sprain, bathe it with arnica diluted w'th warm water, and keep covered with a fiasiel bandage kept moist with the arnica and water. 