THE OLD HOUSE BY THE CHURCHYARD. (All Rights Reserved) A few miles from London by the side of a much frequented road, there stood, some years ago, a large old house built of red brick and surrounded by a rich wilderness of a garden. The windows in front were large, and looked as if built for the enjoyment of the fine prospect which opened in all direc- tions around the slight elevation on which the house was raised. Strangers who passed along the high road during the day, and,look- ing up at the lofty fronts, paw the backs of tall chairs and the edges of cumbrous drapery dimly outlined through the long accumulated dust upon the panes, would have supposed the house to be inhabited. If they passed again late at night, and happened to look up once more at the dreary mansion bathed in the weird moonlight, they would shuddering- ly hurry on, for there was, as the Scotch would have said, "a decided uncanny look about the place." One fine autumn evening two young artists, who had been rambling about for some days on a sketching excursion, stopped at the snug little village inn and ordered supper and rooms for the night, the jug of foaming ale being brought in by the landlord, of the Feathers in person, "Pray can you tell us," said one of the artists, "anything about that odd-looking brick house just at the end of the village here?" "Don't know what house you mean, sir," said the host, at the same time sheering off towards the door, though he had previously manifested an inclination to remain. "I mean that old house with bay win- dows that stands in the garden adjoining the churchyard," continued the artist, rummag- ing his portfolio. "I don't know anything about it!" was the dogged reply. "This is the place," exclaimed the young artist as he produced a drawing. "Look here, you must know the house, surely. Don't you recognise it ? " "Well, yes; I suppose I know which you mean," answered the landlord with evident reluctance; "but you'll best not ask any questions about it. And if you'll take my advice, you'll just put that drawing at the back of the fire." "At the back of the fire!" ejaculated the two friends in a breath. "Yes, gentlemen, at the back of the fire or into the middle of it, whichever you please." "That would be a new way of finishing off a sketch," said the one with the folio; "but before I adopt your extraordinary advice, Mr. Landlord, I should like to be informed of your reasons for giving it." "No good can come out of talking about it, one way or another," said the worthy Boniface, shaking his head; "and I warn you to dismiss the matter from your mind. Forget you saw the house, and, think no more about it." "That is an impossibility. You see I looked upon the old building with an artist's eye in the rays of the sun, and I should like to have a glance at it in the moonlight. Any chance of going over the old place to-night, think you?" "Good God ! young man, you don't know what you ask for! Why this is the 27th of October, the very night the dread anniver- sary!" "Anniversary of what landlord?" ejaculated the young man. "A foul crime! But ask me nothing more, for I'll not answer. If you are mad enough to tempt fate and divine Providence by pay- ing a visit to that old house by the church- yard, go to Tom Giles, the sexton, he's always ready to give the keys to anybody who wants to see the horrors of that terrible dwelling place." With pallid face and with trembling foot- steps the stout host now left the room. For some few minutes the young artists stood by the fire, the elder, still holding the drawing in his hand, presently, with a derisive smile, exclaiming: "What superstition, Markham, in these enlightened days. Well, ghosts or no ghosts, I'll visit the old building, and to-night too. Giles, the sexton, the old fellow said, had the keys. I saw that name on the door of a cot- tage by the church. Mayhap there is some- queer about the place, and as this seems to be the very witching time of the year as well as the night I shall go!" "Where, Gus? To bed" "No; to this Tom Giles, the sexton and keeper of the keys of the old house by the churchyard." "Are you in downright earnest?" "As much as ever I was in my life. Will you go too?" "Not I, indeed, Gus. I shall go to bed, where I would advise you to follow. Come along, Berrington, where's the good of going over a damp, uncomfortable old den of a house, and catching, perhaps, a bad cold, and all to convince yourself of what you know very well already—that there are no such things as ghosts." "Oh, as for that, Markham, I'm very certain that the stories about ghosts and haunted houses are all rubbish; but I've made up my mind to pay a visit to this queer place and just see what there is to be seen." With a light step and a merry laugh the young man, leaving his friend at the inn, was soon trudging down the moonlit road. The village was now wrapped in the deepest silence, except when some wary house-dog, aroused by the passing footsteps, gave utter- ance to his sonorous bark. The young artist remembered distinctly the situation of the sexton's cottage, and, as he drew near the little habitation the glimmer of a light from the lower casement proved that someone was astir. The church clock was striking twelve as the young and enthusiastic artist knocked at the door, which was immediately opened by an aged, white-haired old man—the sexton himself, who, in a querulous voice, ex- claimed: "I'm going about the job now. You needn have come again." "I have not been here before, Mr. Sex- ton," said Berrington, with a smile. "I beg your pardon, sir," mumbled the old man. "What is your pleasure?" "I want the keys of the old house hard by. "Eh!" ejaculated the sexton, raising the lantern he held in his hand and scru- tinising the visitor. "Aye, aye! I see. Well, you can have em, I suppose you'll pay me for my trouble?" "Will that satisfy you?" said Berrington, handing the old fellow half a crown. "Yes, There's the other job; I'll take one with another. There are the keys and you had better take the lantern." "All right, I'll bring them back safe. But where the deuce are you going with your tools this time of night?" The astonished artist here stared wonder- ingly at the sexton, who, securing his spade and pick, prepared to leave the cottage. "I'm going--he, he!--I'm going to dig a grave for a man that isn't dead yet!" replied the old man, leering hideously and chuckling like a gnome. "You see, I can't work as fast as I need to, and it's as well to get ahead. "I understand," ejaculated the artist, with a laugh, as he turned away; the sexton mut- tering, as he hobbled towards the churchyard: "It's funny he should have come to me after what I've seen and ask about his own grave. Ha, ha, he'll bring my latern back safe! Well, if he don't I'll go and fetch it, that's all!" About ten minutes after leaving the cot- tage the artist had gained the old house, being rather startled as he fancied he saw a pale gleam of light from one of the upper windows. "It must be the reflection of the moon- light," muttered the bold visitor. "The moon's rays entering by some casement at the back, falling upon some polished surface, are reflected upon the front windows, and, of course, your rustic cries out ghosts!" With a scornful laugh, now opening the outer door, Berrington was presently stand- ing in the hall of the old house. Something soft and warm dashing in his face as he walked along the corridor, he lifted up his lantern, discovering a host of bats, that disturbed by the sudden glare of light, were flitting wildlly about the hall. Having no superstitious dread of these in- teresting and much abused little animals, he merely watched for a moment their fantastic and noiseless gyrations and passed on to- wards the spacious staircase: ascending this he soon gained the floor above, in one of the front rooms of which he had seen the mys- terious light. Here all the doors save one were locked, and upon pushing open this latter, Berring- ton found himself in a large handsomely- furnished bedchamber. At one end stood a massive bedstead with dark green curtains at the head, whilst some substantial heavy old-fashioned chairs and dressing-tables were disposed about the apartment; every- thing denoting comfort and means. In startled amaze the daring young intruder gazed at the scene before him. A thorough sceptic and materialist Gus Berrington was struck with awe as he noticed a phos- phorescent glimmer overhead with a heavy, damp odour in the air that caused a difficulty of breathing. About to close the door, for despite his nerve and courage he felt awed and depressed, he started forward filled with curiosity, and excitement as he heard the sound of a foot in an adjoining chamber. Darting behind the thick, heavy curtains that draped the casement and concealing his lantern, Berrington had barely taken up his position before he was startled and confoun- ded at the appearance of an old man, who, with flowing white beard and bushy, beetling brows, crept slowly and cautiously towards the bed. The bed; upon which, as the phosphores- cent light increased, the young spy now be- hold the form of a beautiful woman appar- ently in a deep sleep, her hands, upraised and clasped in prayer, resting on her bosom. Gliding, without a sound, to the bedside the old man stood for a moment glaring at the sleeper, and, to the horror of the beholder, presently sprang like a ghoul upon the un- conscious woman. Frozen now with terror the horrified Berr- ington, his feet like lead, stoleforth from his concealment, staring in frenzied astonishment at a huge ruddy fire blazing now in the grate. Unseeing or unheeding the witness to his foul crime, the midnight assassin, springing from the bed, a newly-born babe in his arms, approached the grate, and hurl- ing the infant among the livecoals, proceeded to beat it down deep in the lurid glowing mass. "In wild horror standing statue-like in the centre of the room, the artist, a kind of vertigo seizing him, had been alike incapable of flight or of interposing between the fell assassin and his victims. Rooted to the spot, his blood running' ice-like in his veins, he had witnessed this double murder. The more harrowing in its horror that no cry, no sound, had woke up the stillness of the chamber. Only, as the aged assassin, turning round, fixed a cold glassy eye upon him, was life and courage restored tothe startled artist, who started forward as the murderer glided from the apartment of death, and followed him to the landing or corridor without. Hearing no sound of footsteps as the assassin descended the stairs, Berrington remained leaning over the balustrade watch- ing, in wild horror the departure of that gliding, silent figure, and then, as pressing against, the woodwork in his horror and ex- citement, old and decayed, it suddenly gave way, precipitating him below with a crash that woke up horrid echoes through the old house. Finding that his friend had not returned to the inn during the night, early the following morning the young man Markham called upon the sexton; the two, upon enter- ing the old house, discovering the still living Berrington lying in the hall. With some difficulty they carried him into one of the parlours and laid him on a mould- ering couch. The unfortunate young artist revived sufficiently to relate the dread vision he had witnessed the preceding night and then expired. "What do you think of your friend's experience of the old house by the church- yard?" asked the sexton, breaking the silence of death. "Poor Berrington!'' sighed Markham, raising his head from the drooping position in which he had watched his friend yield his last breath. "He must have been delirious from his fall, and fancied that dfeadful vision." "Not at all; it's, all true. Your com- rade saw the phantom of the old Baronet Sir Everard Vere, who in mad jealousy murdered his poor young wife and child. He died in a madhouse, he did, and my father buried him; but the old fellow still haunts what was his favourite residence in his lifetime and the scene of his crime—The Old House by the Churchyard. The End. 