Religious Life. Meditation. Did you ever think that the flower, As it bends its beautiful head, Must wonder, why the winter comes, Leaving it almost dead ? Did you ever think in lives of ours, When snows of affliction come, That our Father only sends us For a time to our winter home ? But soon the springtime brightens, And the flowers come again. We, too, are nobler, better, For wintry snows and rain. 0, since in this life love When l.ove has made us so rich, is Perfected, though but a little brook, which, when the sun shone fiercely, was almost dried up, how rich will it not make us, when the little brook has become the stream — yea, the ocean — when it pours forth from the heart of God in full springtide, when sin shall no more build a barrier in the heart of the creature, and there shall be a full and sacred giving and receiving between earth and heaven, among all that is in heaven and upon earth ! 0, who has so exalted an understanding that he can truly say what love is ? — Tholuck. When things get beyond A Governing your control, when you God. face unknown future, and when trying conditions confront you, remember that there is a governing God in Israel, and that it is His to bring light out of darkness, joy out of sorrow, and hope out of despair. Be patient and acquiescent. Let the Ruler of the universe and the Lord of the individual manage affairs in his own was, and at his own time. Neither grow weary nor become too anticipative. Roll upon a covenant-keeping God your cares, tatting nis dispensations as tney come, aud multiplying sorrow neither by distrust nor by foreboding. God unravels the future day by day, hour by hour, and moment by moment, ac companying the distribution with his supporting and sanctifying grace. — The Presbyterian. The great temptation Hindrances, comes to each pastor, like Philip II of Macedon, who, desiring to conquer Greece, found it necessary to subdue Thessaly. To make the Thessalians angry would frustrate his designs. The Thessalians had a large gold-mine, and Philip had need of money to carry on the war. So ne compromised, and instead oi coiaiiy defeating them, he gave them certain liberties and received from them yearly one million dollars. Year after year he worked the gold-mine. A similar temptation comes to every pastor to compromise with the people that he may secure financial returns. Money brought up to the Annual Conference without regard to the financial condition of the charge, and not presented in the right spirit, is no more acceptable to God than the offering of Cain, for the Spirit of God tells a minister when to stop as well as when to begin. The confidence our people is worth more than all the Conference records on earth. What a pathetic picture A Pathetic Henry Ward Beecher Picture. presented to the the world three weeks before his death ! In a conversation with a friend he said : 'I would like to see an old fashioned Holy Ghost revival in this Church before I go hence. But I sup pose it cannot be ; my people would not stand it.' As he uttered these words the tears ran down his cheeks like rain. Behold, a Saul 1 with all his armour, receiving $20,000 per year salary ; but his people said no to a revival. And Philip still worked the (jold-mine. Let not the implication be gathered from some of the former statements that we as a Church are giving too mucli for benevolences. I truly believe we ought to give more, and when we appeal to the right spirit, with the souls of men always first, and money always secondary, I believe our benevolent collections will increase a hundredfold. What would John Wesley Wanted a and Francis Ashbury have Discipline. done with a Sabbath scbool teacher who attends a dancing club ? an ungodly member of the choir ? a worldly usher ? Ashbury declared, ' Without discipline we should soon be a rope of sand.' We have a Discipline, but how many of us are afraid to use it 1 There is a time for all things, and at the right time deliberate, defiant, continued meanness should be met by the pastor and the Discipline. But Philip still works the gold-mine. The minister who has not the leading of the Spirit will be a great hindrance to the saving of souls. The pastor's life may become a hindrance if he is lazy, or given to fits of anger, or is selfish. May God give us more pastors who are not indolent ; more whose spirit is under the control of the Holy Ghost]; more who are unselfish even as Christ was unselfish ; who care more for the souls of men than for Conference records ; more who believe that the Church ought to give more than she does for benovelences, but in a right spirit; more who have the leading of the Holy Spirit; fewer of those who depend alone on psychological phe nomena ; and more of those who make room for the Holy Ghost — and we will have more millions of benevolences, more millions of souls to God, more millions of members ? in the Methodist Church. — Western Christian Advocate. 