A SOUTH SEA TRACEDY THE SEA GHOST MASSACRE. , HORRIBLE TALE .OF BUTCHERY, . tiSYDNEY; Tuesday..:' The stehnierAIOrc# liy: arrived llijs morning after, a . cruise,' l lir6iigli Brltlsii _N6w _Guliiea: aiid New Urltalli.; I Thc-'ljiresby 'lilis. brought news regarding (lie, Sea Glftjt massacre and liuulshliient of th'o' rluglenth;r/3,o Tlio Sea Chost, vh''iQ-tt!n cifnor, iwj re- ecntly chartered fo'f-.ilie 'islnna-tvlfdey' She was In charge of Captain 'KPlsb6irt'!>iriid the other members of her crow consisted of half a dozen natives recruited lu Bismarck 'Archi pelago, . .The' cutter sailed 'under German tricolor, nnd oh leaving her head quarters made for the Gernuih Ss'.Oinon islands. It WiMitvonc" df"these islands called Iitiku that the Seii Ghost made her first call, mid she lind! -lmrdly reached an anchorage before there' wus an attack on. tlic crew by the shore native;?. Tlie natives, as. usual, put .off from the shore lu . canoes, but . In his uuxiety to keep ;tho .vessel clear of dangerous- reefs the captain had not noticed: that they were swarming on board the cutter. I'nptnln Kolshoru wits- descending the rigging when the attack was liihdo.. It was il. complete surprise for him, and, "being unarmed, lie had no. possible ehmice of defending himself. He fell mortally wounded on the deek. Ills body, so the slory goes, being horribly- butchered. Four of the native crew -made a desperate. flglit, but odds were considerably ngnliist tliem, and they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some means or other managed to escape, .-Meanwhile the vessel hud been ruu uslpne. aud having been looted of every- ' thing " ofi-Vvrtiiib -iifc Ywiisi subsequently do- fctrbjed; The cnpt.iin's body bad beau i thrown; overboard,, and the .remains of four I native- semrieri were taken to the viliage for a. cannibalistic feast. . . The 'report reached NOw' Britain 111 due course,' mill a punitive expedition, in charge 1 of Judge Scluiee, visited the scene, and suc ceeded- In. capturing the native" tvho was it ringleader In tlic .attack oil the .unfortunate crew .of tlie,cutter. He was .duly tried nt Herbertshohe before Judge Sebhcc, nnd con demned -to'-be hanged. The execution ..was expected to take, place shortly after, the Moresby left for Sydney. , Another .Item -.of. news brought by the Moresby was tlic. destruction by fire, of a store 'eoutalhlhg 815 tons of copra nt Short-, land Island. The 'store, which, was owned by Mr. Tln'dall, Is supposed to have been set on flro.- by natives. Inquiries were . being made with the' view. of bringing the culprits to justice. ' ) ' . . . 