THE TYRANNY OF TEARS. A wag once described marriage as "all temperament," whereupon an experienced friend corrected him by observing that it was "all temper." Now what Is '"The Tyranny of Tears,"- Mr. Haddon Cham- bers's new comedy ? If- the- 'title had not been used previously, "A 'Lesson to Wives" would' have been a 'happier appellation. Mrs. Parbury is a womanly woman— woman- ly' in the sense of being liberally endowed with the usual feminine weaknesses. To put it colloquially; she "turns on the tap!' copiously and persistently.: - She - Is a type of thousands -of -women who make homes wretched to-day, for if a man be guilty of incipient cruelty when he disagrees with his wife, he becomes an unspeakable brute if he remain obdurate to' her tears, those "white pearls of sad reproach"— evidently the writer was a bachelor — spoken of by a soulful poet. Love, as Byron told us, is woman's whole existence, but a literal "vale of woe" in the residence of Mr. Par- bury has choked off all his old acquain tances. -Mrs. Pnrbnry is chronic lachrymose- ncss is fast wrecking the happy home. But here is a specimen of Mr. I'arbnry's healthy domestic remonstrance: — "If we are honest with each other,' says the husband, "we may be In time to save ourselves from that most pitiable and hideous of all states of existence—what Is called a 'cat-and-dog' life. Have you never seen it— that domestic flower with the rotten heart? The thin out side petals of courtesy, of hollow words of endearment before others, mask the ugly truth from the casual and the unobservant; but the intimate friends know, and the pry ing eyes of the spiteful are undeceived. That man and woman who appear In public wearing the veneered ghost of a smile are walking In hell. Think of their private lives — the slow death of love — the ever growing rancor, the final dull monotony of aching hatred. Do you think such cases rare? Every rank of society has Its ex amples. Do you think such a couple have deliberately sought their hell? Oh, no! They may have started as fairly as we did. Their love has not been slain by a blow— it has been pecked to a cupboard skeleton by littleness, little jealousies, little selfish nesses, little tyrannies, little intolerances." 