Miscellaneous Mail News. From the latest files to hand we take the follow ing iuteresting items : — Princess Louise has been celebrating her 51st birthday. The remains of Prince and Princess Bismarck were transferred from their . temporary resting place to the mausoleum erected for their reception at Friedrichsiub. The ceremony was attended by tie Kaiser. TLe coffins were borne between two long lines of torehbearere. A guard of honour fiied three volleys. Lady Lo, wife cf the Chinese Ambassador in Lon don, having died, her remains were despatched by fpecifil steamer for interment in China. For a moi.th the body remained at the Chinese Embassy. At the head of the coffin, according to Chinese custom, was p1 ace 1 a cock made of wLite cloth— the clarion of eternal moiuing. A juiy of 23 has just tried the issue whether Mr. Alfred Sterr, son of the late Baton Stern, aud the reputed owner of three millions sterling, is a lunatic, and have decided that he is. One of Mr. Stem's delusions was that he was the Prii.ce of Wales. He had tLe habit of throwing empfy wine bottles at windows from the iutide, and would clap hit- hands for half an hour or so in order to cull up the ghosts of Napoleon aud Wellington. The birth of an heir to the Earldom of Carnarvon has always been celebrated by the brewing of 500 gallons of beer, to n mam io the cask until the child attains his majority. An Leir was born a short time back, and a cooper has been engaged in faahioi ing a huge oak catk to contain the beer. The Lancashire master cotton-spinners have agreed to concede the operatives nu immediate ad vance of 7d in the £. A conference will be held to consider proposals for iegulating wages in future by the slate of the trade. There has been au increase in the number of plasterers included in the lockout. A goods traiu was buried by an avalanche in Cauada, the snowstorms in the Dominion this season being ttie worst ever experienced. All hope was abandoned of being able to save from staivatii n the 16 passengers who were snowed ud iu an Ameii can train. The London messenger boy, aged 14, despatched to America to try to beat the mail, delivered his letteis iu New York, Chicago, and Philadelphia, aud nude his way home. Tue boy is said- to have beaten the mail, A baroutt m said to have died in a London garret at the age of 91. Although Le had a rent r. 11 of £30,000 a year, for a considerable period he had lived the life of a recluse. A man over 70 years of age, residing near Havei fordwest, has juut been married for a fifth time during a period of 50 yeais. The tomb of St. Cuttibeit, in Durham Cathedral, has been opened to enable the coffin to bo recon structed. The bones were found to be in an ex cellent state if preservation. The original coffin was dated 698. A miner at Klondike is reported to have die covered the body of a mammoth 40ft. from the siu face. The flesh had been frozen, and was said to be in a perfect state of preservation. The body etas over 41ft. in length. The left tusk was perfect, ai.d measured 14lt. in length and 48in. in circumference. A pocket book having beeu accidentally left iu tLe wituebs box of the Tottenham police court beveial witnesses were sworn on it in mistake for the testa ment usually in use. A ninth satellite of Saturn is reported to have beeu diseoveieU by means of the photographic ulate. It u estimated to be of the fif teeuth magnitude', and may be 100 to 200 miles in diameter. It is 7} miles away from the plauet, and makes its revolu tion round it iu 17 months. Shipuiug returns show that in 12 moutLs the total addition of steam tonnage has been 1,111,768 tous groBS. and of sailing tonnage 29,053 tons. So large au addition of steam tonnage has never Lefoie been recorded. A contractor and his clerk were committed for tnj.1 iu London on a cbarge of offering a bribe to a Scot laud Yard examiner of stoies to induce him to pats inferior policemen's helmets which the ccniractor was under contract to supply to the police foice. A young lady in America had a violent quarrel with her lover 13 mcutns ago, when she fainted, and has lain in a comatose state ever since. It is lumoured that the arrest in Paris of the alleged British Bpies, ClaeyB and Lis wife, has ltd lo the discovery af an organised spy system operating in France in the interests of England and Germany. TLe trial of Mrs. Annie George, the alleged mur deress ol George D. Saxon, brother of Mrs. M'Kin Iav. hAQftn on Anvil A a* Psnin-, r\t* nr_~ ri ? was stylishly gowued, and listened attentively to tue proceedii gs. When those named on the special juiy had answered their names, the defence challei ged them all 011 technical points, allegu g irregulai ser vice by sheriff, &c.; In spite of the signing of the Anglo-French agreement regardn g Africa, one » f the leadiug U pics of the week on loth sides of the Channel has been an article published in ?' fievue den Deux Mondes ' seriously outlining a iresh scheme ft.r the invasion of Great Britain. It proposes that 1600 stetm pin naces be buiit and collected in canals and rivers lead ing to the French coast, that each be armed tilth two quick-firing guns, and that they convey au arn-y of 170,000 men aud 500 caimon, with the neces-aiy ammunition, fctoree, &c.; The cost of constructon is estimated at 150,000.000 francs, and the pin Laces are to be provided with torpedo-boat attacks. TLe writer of the article says that there would be no difficulty in getting the boats across, pointing out that Napoleon had a more difficult task at We gram, where he crossed tLe Danube in the face of the Austrian army. Tl e Bt gltsh coast defences are classed as being a negligible quantity, and the opera tion is looked upon by the writer as being merely a matter of a few hours. Three divisions of 14,500 men each are to be lauded in Ireland, and the IriBh are to be armed with old Oias rifles. The English papers ' pooh-pooh ' the scheme, but the Freuch pspeis discuss it as being a perfectly sound proposition. The '? Petit Journal ' praises the plan, declaring that its chief merit is its simplicity aud unuy, and points to the success of the Roman, Saxon, Danish, and Norman invasions as proving the feasibility of the project. 