? ? HE had always known she would meet him at last: and she had no need to be told who it was that she was bidden to find. It was not with exultation that she went about her errand, but in the more awful spirit wherein one sayli of one's enemy, ' The Lord has delivered him into my hands.' As Francis had said, however, to search for the fellow, when he chose to efface himself and become invisible, was one thing : to find him, entirely another. Moreover Les Bouquets wis exceptionally full of holes and corners. However, it was also exceptionally full of prying eyes of all ages : and from the curiosity of a Negro, and a French Negro, and a French Negro girl to boot, may Providence deliver the man who wants to hide! The Nostalgiac, if such he was, was run to earth at last, by dint of inquiry in the proper quarters, pacing as if he were a sentry keeping guard over the moon ; and whether he were awake or aBleep, it was the man. Possibly he imagined he was alone : but a dozen pairs of eyes at least were watching him from among the shrubs, and every now and then some black or brown imp would run out of ambush and, following him at a safe distance, grotesquely mimic his hanging head and peculiar glide. When Nance appeared upon the scene, however, there was a general scutter, save that two of these imps of darkness, nearly as naked aB they were born, caught hold of her skirts, in order to have their share of the interview under the safeguard of Madame's favourite maid. She knew the Murderer at a glance : and then came slowly towards him, with the moonlight full upon ber face, to test whether he knew her also, hardly knowing whether Bhe wished for recognition or no. She had no plan of action, and sought for none —Destiny was now plainly taking things into its own hands. No—Destiny evidently could not mean recognition. What likelihood was there that the man who had seen her once, but for an hour or so, at Stoke Juliot, should identify with Phil Derrick's daughter a lady of Hispaniola ?—for a lady, at least so far as clothes can make one, Madame Carrel's pupil and jn-olegie had become. ' Your master wants you,' Baid she, in English—she would give him every chance of recognition, since chance was her chosen guide. No—it was plain that he had no memory of her : none. He just nodded to show that he had heard her, and then, without even asking where hi* master was to be found, he glided off in that shadowy manner of his—slunk off like a Bnake, as Nance would have put it, now tbat she had made the acquaintance of such vermin. To her eyes, he had Murderer written in large crimson letters upon his down-cast brow : the oonsciouB shadow of guilt was visible in every movement he made. He had not even looked her in the eyes. The children left her skirts for the man's heels, as promising better fun: and soon the bushes were bare of their yellow eyes. Nance Derrick stood where the man had stood. She had lost him in the moonlight of Devon: 1 she had found him under the moonlight here. And what was to happen now ? She had followed him for vengeance— how was vengeance to be gained ? Was it to be blood for blood—and if not, what was the other way ? She had nevor had a plan : she had always taken for granted that the plan would come. She could not have searched for him and found him for nothing. Yet what was to bo the end—how was it to be gained ? Lest in aught that follows it may seen that Nance Derrick of Les Bouquets was no more Nance Derrick of Stoke Juliot, than Francis Carow the admirer of Captain Quickset was the Francis Carew the lov. r of Mabel Openshaw— leBt this, I ssy, be deemed too outrageous a transformation let it be realized at once that tho girl had indeed undergone change upon change. How much, and in what wise, is for Francis Carew to find out, if he ever has the chance : but meanwhile it is for nobody to expect to find at Les Bouquets either her under whose bonnet Captain Quickset peeped in Stoke Juliot church, or her who had gone well-nigh mad on Hornacombe Sands. It may even be held something of a marvel that euch & cure as Dr. Carrel's had not been more effectual still—that such a change of life had not ended in a change of soul. She might have come to fancy, and with ease, that her life in Devon, that Devon itself, had been some far-oS dream: such a dream as we take for memorios of some life in which we took our part before we were born. It might have seemed impossible that the same real world should contain at once the black rocks and the gloomy lives of Stoke Juliot, with their ignorance, their savageness, and-their solitude, and at the same time the tropical beauty, the easy service, and the cultured companionship with its mental growth, into which she had sailed—over the sea was it; or over that other sea that divides this world from a world that-went before? It did not need a child's want of wit to ask whether that same moon now above her was fresh from shining upon Oxhorn and Wrackstone, and the church tower, and the sands, and the dunes. But, however far the chaiige might or must have gone, however the past must have been blurred, the light of the falling lamp had lasted long enough to bring the whole back again as if it were but of yesterday instead of ages ago. Once more, by its light, she saw her murdered father carried home from the wood: herself standing shunned and dreaded, by her father's grave: the book she bad tried to translate into vengeance—Stoke Juliot rose and was real: Les Bouquets faded, and became as a dream. Moreover, it was not at all in the hardness of its black rocks and of its rude hearts that the picture rose, nor without the pathos that belongs to all things when they are far away. After all it was among those rocks and dunes that she had been born: within sight of old Sorneck's Steeple .that she had Jived—solar.as Bhe conld call it living. Theplaoeheld the only graves ehe had ever seen: nor had ehe heard English words on an English tongue save there, until she had let the lamp fall. . And it was there, too, that her heart had come into life, and had been buried, dead or alive. . . . And now she had once more seen the face and heard the voice which made her heart stir in its grave, even while it bade her remember that face and voice belonged to one who was shielding her own father's slayer from justice and revenge. ' I must hate him —him also,' thought she, while all that her mind was seeing brought hot tears into her eyes She longed that she might dare think, ' Would I had never seen him again !' But this ehe could not dare—it would be treaBon to her vow : it would be flying in the face of manifest Fate once more. So far as she saw and heard, all Hispaniola had sunk under the soa, or bad vanished back into the dreamland whence, in truth, it seemed to have sprung—tho moon above her was the real home moon : ehe was so far away from where she stood tbat tho dusky furm which came beforo her from tho bushes might have beon old Horneck himsolf for aught she knew. ' M'sello Nanette !' said he. Her spirit was startled back from Devon to Les Bouquets-it was not old Hornock: it vrns tho overseer of the field hands: the same big mulatto whom Francis bad met in the cottonfield, trying to I alance the bamboo on his nose. ' Do you want 1 he master, Alcibiade?' asked Nanco, who had —she, a Stoke Juliot girl—learned to speak Madame Carrel's language a good deal better than Madame could speak hers. ' You'll find him in the long veranda.' Alcibiade was no favourite of hers; and she was in no talking mood. ' The Master ?' asked lie, in a tone of inimi'able scorn. ' Do you mean Citizen Carrel ? No, M'eelle Nanette. I have no occasion for an interview with Citizen Carrel. I desire to communicate with you.' One must give bis French as best one can. His voice was harsh and yet muffled : his words flowery and fine. 'With me, Alcibiade? What have you to say to me? she asked, with a touch of impatience in her tono. 'Alcibiade? No, No longer Ali-itii- ade! Salut9 Monsieur the Colonel Coupde-Tonnerre !' He had not been stealing rum. Nobody, tipsy enough to fancy himself a colonel, could haye held himself up in such overp iweringly stately style. His spine was actually curved backwards by its weight of dignity : his chin so tilted up that he might still be praciising with the bauiboi). His huge, bare arms, swelling with muscle, were folded imperially over his chest. He was the very personification of pomp aping pride. ' Good night,' said Nanco. ' It is late—I must go in.' ' That, Jl'selle, is precipitously what you will not do. That has been forbidden by a decree, signed Coup-de- Tonnerre, Colonel of the Grand Army of Liberty. And it is Colonel Coup do- Tonnerre'—he smacked his lips, as if the title conveyed some exquisite flavour —' who executes this decree.' He unfolded his arms, threw back bis striped cotton jacket, and showed a patchwork cloth swathed round bis waist, of the three colour?, Ted, white, and blue ' Salute !' said he, slapping the symbol of authority so hard that the blow sounded like the thud of a drnm. There was something so strange about the overseer's manner that Nanco, who had little eenfe of the ludicrous, began to be vaguely alarmed. The nogroes on tho estate of Les Bouquets had their jests, as elsewhere : but they were distinguished for anything but novelty, aud this, if it were a jest, was something entirely new. Moreover, this very Alcibiade had shown an increasing disposition to wajlay the fairest girl on the plantation, and to make some sort of love to ber with his rolling yellow eyes. He wns the least likely to jest for jest's sake among thein all—and that she knew. ' Madame Carrel will be wanting me, Good-night,' she said again, and moved quickly away. But he overtook her with a single stride. ' Let the Citoyenne want!' exclaimed Colonel Thunderbolt. • Is free woman to be at the ordors of a tyrant? No. No more than I—I, Colonel Coup-de-Tonnerre.' ' You shall lot me go,' Baid she, flinching from the approach of an open hand to her arm. ' It is nothing to me what you mean ' ' Nothing what I mean ? Death of my life! One would think you were addressing a slave!' ' What else ?' asked Bho hotly ; fur tho hand had cl< sed upon her shoulder. ' What else, indeed ?' ' It was not gonorous; but she was growing angry and alarmrd, and she had not learned to be generous towards darker skins than her own at Lea Bouquets, though she bad learned to be friendly with thenj, and kind. ' A thousand thunders ! Is that how a Femme de Chambre speaks to a Free Gentlemen—a Colonel-Commandant of the rpgiment of Los Bouquets ? Do you comprehend now ?' 'No. But when I have spoken to Madame, you will.' ' Then be it you who comprehend! If Citizen Jacques or Citizen Antoinette order to be whipped the smallest little boy in all LeB Bouquets, then, Life of my Death! they will have to deal with me, Colonel Ooup de-Tonnerre ! There is no more Monsieur—no more Madame —no more Planter—no more Frenchman—no more Spaniard—no more work —no inore whip—no more slave. It is declaimed and proclaired in Port-au- Prince this day, by His Majesty the Bepublio of Franoo, and His Excellency the Convention, tbat there are slaves in the^ land of Haiti no more. I spit at Citizen Jacques; I snap the fingers' (and be snapped them) 'at Citizen Antoinette —I, Colonel Coup de-Tonnerre. Nobody shall obey anybody anymore. I forbid you to return to Citizen Antoinette. I command you to be fiee. I order you to obey nobody. I decree you to do whatever you please. You shall be free; and you shall do what I say—I, Alcibiade Coup-de-Tonnerre; I Colonel of the free regiment of Les Bouquets!' Nance began to smell mischief; so she changed het humour. '.I dare say you are right,' said ehe thoughtfully. <1 dare say I should be sure of it; only, you see, I do not understand.' ' You detest Madame Oarrel—Citizen Antoinette, I should say ? Ot course you detest Madame Antionette—I should sav Citizen Carrel. Ah-the table is turned to-day. Last night you comb her hair; to-night she shall comb yours; and I will stand by to see it done. There are no more slaves; and she shall be yours. Ah—I shall laugh to see Citizen Jacques jump under my long cane!' _ Yes, Alcibiade; I think I begin to see,' said she. ' And then—what is to happen then ?' ' You may call me Alcibiade ; but no other—none. Then? You shall be Countess — Duchess — Princess —what you will. Prepare your9elf for glorious tidings, my beautiful Nanette; you are chosen for the wife of Coup de-Tonnerre -of Me! No trained actor could have given half the point to the manner in which the coSee-coloured patriot announced to her this sublime destiny. His teeth flashed and his orange eyes glowed, while lie drew himself up to hiB utmost height, broadened his chest, and embraced the air. The gesture was grandly grotesque, or ehe grotesquely grand. ' But if—if I were to say no ?' asked she. He laughed outright; until ho suddenly recollected hie dignity — then twirled a pair of imaginary moustachos fiercely, and Bnapped his fingers in the air. ' Bah ! As if any girl would say no to me !' ' But— if, Alcibiade ? I only want to understand. What would happen if I were such a—such a—fool ?' He looked at her with more cunning than the big braggart, who, after all, had not said more uf himself than perhaps thousands of other men think of themselves, and would say of themselves if they dared, might have been expected to display. ' Suppose I had taken a fancy to Citizen Antoinette,' said ho, ( and she bad said no. Bah—she would not say no. She would jump into my arms—So! But I have chosen you; happily for you.' Nance curtseyed—no longer in simple Stoke Juliot fashion, but almost after mode of Port-au-Prince, as exemplified by Midamo Carrel. She did begin to understand one thing—that it would not do to Bhow either bewilderment or alarm. ' It is a groat honour!' said she. ' Then—embrace me !' exclaimed tho monster, opening his arms. ' Thus. Coup- de-T»nnerre weds ' 'What!" ehe cried, spurring her wits, and making fear seem like scorn. ' How do I know you are not telling me lies ? If you will not trust mo, how can I trufit you ?' Tho slave had been used to obey a sharp word : and even liberty could not kill habit at a single blow. ' Trust rou ?' ho asked, forgetting that bis arms were still stretched out in the air ' Yes: trust me. Something is going to happen this very night ' ' Thunder ! How do you know that ?' ho asked, opeoing his oyes to match his arms. A giant is traditionally bound to bo stupid, as Nance had lived near enough the Cornish border to have learned. ' I havo my own ways,' said she. ' So you had best make a clean breast of what you mean to happen this night, or I swear I will work such a Bpell ' and as she spoke she raised her hand towards the moon. She had not studied witchcraft for nothing, after all; or rather instinct was beginning to teach her how to use at need a certain magnetic force which had awed men and women at Stoke Juliot, and had marked her out »s apart, without their knowing why. She had known passion ; and in that sense knowledge is indeed power. 1 cannot Bay, for obvious reasons, that Coup-de-Tonnerre turned pale. But his lingers started apart and his knoes knocked together; for not even an English peasant could be much more suporstitious than an African king. As luck would have it, a hoarse cry camo at that moment from the bushes, and a eofc gray mass passed noiselessly over them through the air. Coup-de-Tonnerre could have made a bull kneel to him ; but his teeth chattered because an owl hooted while a girl pointed to the moon. Nevertheless a brute's passion was not scared out of his eyes. ' What do you know ?' he asked, crossing himself about as devoutly, and about as ignorantly, as Mabel Openshaw. ' I know,' said 6he, making a bold cast, ' what you have sworn ou all the curses of Ob never to betray. I know that—that—that when yon moon there sets, you and the field hands are going to attack the house ' She stopped abruptly, not wishing to prove that she really knew nothing at all. ' Aha !' he cried, recovering his courage ; that is to say, his vanity. • Moonset ! You're not so wise, then, after all. And they say at Port-au-Prince they've abolished ghosts as well as masters, and Kings and slaves. Moonset! No, indeed. The attack's to be when ' ' When ' ' Aha—as if one tells secrets to a girl! Whenever it iB to be—that's when.' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 