: THE BETRAYAL OF JOBS FOBMAI NOW FIRST PUBLISHL. , j By 33. L. FARJISOKr, Yuthor -of "No. 119, Great Porter Square,'? "Grif," "The March of Fate," "For the 'Defence" ''Aaron the Jew/' &c;» ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER \XXIV. -(Continued.) "I have not ilnlshed— thouph your denial, heiny: in the past to.nse (a point of grammar, madame), is partial proof that It does not apply, to the present. By the term 'princi pal' I mean also a man or a woman who, not being a witness of the crime, assists after- 4 wards An keeping those who are guilty out . of the hands of justice, and who, at the same time, assists in fixing that crime upon tho i innocent. That affects you, madame, and if you persist in. shielding the guilty you, will see the Inside of the prison door. I am go ' ing to be, quite plnin with you. Some years ago; you, being then Ln Paris, entered the ser- vice of a gentleman who Is now In prison on , a charge of murder." "I did not. I entered the service of a lady." "John Fordham's wife. In English law It Js the snme. You wore John Fordham's ser vant. You came to England with him and his wife, and exercised authority in his house. I am acquainted with every particular of your conduct during the years you remained with them. You hated your master, and con spired against him. Your mistress was a drunkard, and you secretly supplied her with ' liquor." , , , „ "She gave me orders, and I obeyed them. "You went much further than that, ma dame. You Invented lying stories against your master, you gave secret evidence against , him'. I could entertain you for an hour with 1 the details. of your treachery and that of other enemies of his with whom you were in ' collusion. It succeeded too wfell. It drove film from his home, it drove him from his , country.- Confess, madame, that I am well informed." ."I confess nothing. I wnlt." "Do not welt too long, madame. J pass over the Intervening years, and come straight to the peril in which you stand— a peril which, If you do .not avert it by your own action, your own .Immediate action, madame. will make? a convict of you. You know what that moans, do you not? A convict— so many years'- Imprisonment — hard labour — no more . red wine, no more nice French dishes. Some- ' what over a year ago a brutal murder was committed in Liverpool, and quite lately your former master, Mr. John Fordhain, labouring under a singular hallucination, accuses him self of the murder of his half-brother Louis. I kept my eyes on her face us I mentioned the name, but not n muscle moved. "It is his own business," she said, not '""T'shall prove to you lhat It is' yours In on indirect manner. You know of this mur der, you know that John Fordham Is in .pri son on the charge of eonimttting It. It Is my turn to wait now. madame." "Say that I know of It. What then?" "This. You are aware that Louis Fordham ' was not murdered, you are aware that he s this day alive, and that John Fordham Is . innocent of the crime ot. which us «.»«» himself, and for which you would like to see him hanged. You arc Intimately acquaint ed wltii Louis, you know where he lives. Last night, when I was in your shop, a man was concealed behind this green curtain. "It was not Monsieur Louis," she cried, and then she bit her lip, as though she had said too much. , . ' "No, madame," I said, smiling, "it was not 'Monsieur Louis. The man wnB your dead mistress's brother, Maxwell. You see, ma-- dame, we have been keeping watch on you. We have even the evidence of the rascal you married under a deplorable mlsrepresenta tlon. I refer to Monsieur Wliybrow." "Ah!" she exclaimed. "The Ingr'rate." "Ho is a scopndrel, madame, but evidence Is evidence, and we shall, take advantage of his If it be necessary. You can punish him— why do you not? Is it that you fear he might blurt out something about your present intimacy with Monsieur Louis's mother and with Max well. who visits you disguised with talse ' beard and whiskers? Is it that you fear that this might lead the police to inquire Into i the reasons for your association with the vil lain who murdered Monsieur Morgan?" And now- I had ihe satisfaction .of seeing her blanch and of lcnoVing that I had hit- the naif on the head. "It would make you In some uense an accomplice ln 'the crime. Do you perceive the danger that hangs over you, ma dame? Do vou perceive thut your hatred of John Fordham may be carried too far? In - tensely disagreeable us it will- be.- to you .to assist in proving ills Innocence, it Is your only chance of safety. Decide for yourself; I .use no persuasion." 1 " -"''1, ' "No, you use threats, she said, and I think; if a look from a woman's eyes could kill, I- Bhouid not be here now to tell my tale. . "Hardly that. I have been very frank with you; if I have hurt your feelings. permit me to offer you my apologies." : ' "What do you require of me? she asked. "The address of Monsieur Maxwell; and of Louis Fordham and his mother,": I replied. "Nothing more?" ' "Nothing more." . . .- "And then you and your spie will trouble, me no more?" . ' , . ' "No more than is necessary project our selves from treachery.?' . "I will not be dragged into your \\\Jtness- box." she cried. "I will not— I will not!" I considered a moment. If success, con tinued to attend me— and I believed that it would— wo could dispense with her evidence. To be able to lay hands upon John Fordham's enemies this very night was the all-important move in the game. To-morrow tbey might be out of reach, and I should be confronted with difficulties that might be unsurmount- al"Ev6ry effort shall- be made,"' I said, "not lo bring you forward as a witness. And, in deed, us I spoke these words, I was penetrat ed by a conviction that such evidence as she could give would be of little value; "but I kept this, to myself. It is not wise to show your weak cards. "You promise It," she said,, "on your honour as a gentleman?'? _ . "On my honour as a gentleman, madame, I replied, with my hand on my heart, and re pressing a smile, "I promise it." To my surprise she sprang to her feet; the devil within her obtained the mastery, and J never heard the human voice express hatred so vindictively and forcibly. The stories I had heard of the, female fiend in the FrencK Commune came vividly to my mind; a repre sentation stood before me_in the person of Madame Loubert, as she hissed, "No, 1 will not help-him! 'I would go in my holiday clothes to see him hanged!" "You.shall not have that pleasure, ma dame," 1 said. "I wish you good evening." Her fears returned. There Is no weapon so effective as calmness in dealing with hysteri cal natures. If you shriek, they shriek the luuder; if you stand firm they quail. "What to do?" she asked, showing' in her face the conflicting emotions by which she was torn. "To obtain a warrant for your arrest," I answered boldly. "My spies will take care lhat you do not escape." I wus half out of the room when she cried, "Stop! I will do it! " "I do not know, madame," I said, appearing to hesitate. "We can manage without your aid.' You shall stand in. the dock by the side of your friend Mdxwell: And now she was terribly terrified; she wept, she implored, she fell upon her knees. It was a great victory, but though I knew I could not do without her I did not yield easily. When I had worked her' up to a proper pitch said, "Rise, madame, and write the address In Finehley where I shall find your friends." "They are not my friends," she cried, tot tering to the table on which lay writing ma terials. "They would ruin, they would de stroy mo! And you, monsieur — you will save me? You have promised, on the honour of a gentleman. You will save me— you will save me!" "I will keep my promise, madame. Write — it is your only chance. You allowed your hatred of Jolni Fordham to carry you too far. Be thankful that I came.here as your friend." ' '.'If I had never met these Fo'rdhams." she said, lior hands trembling as she took up a pen, "It would have been better for me." ; "It would have been better for you if you had been faithful to your master, and not en tered Into a- conspiracy against him. We English have u proverb— honesty is the best policy. Take it to heart, and for the future be content with making money out of us." I looked at the address she had written, 23 Lethbrldge-road, N.W. Do they all live to gether, madame?" "I think so, monsieur,'? she replied, find even now she made a motion, as though she would have liked to pluek the paper from me. There was no fear of my forgetting the ad dress, and I held it 'out- to' her. "Do you wish for it back?" "No, no!" she said with a shudder. "Very good. Just another word of sensible advice, madame. Keep in your Bhop, and pre serve silence until I bring this affair to a satisfactory conclusion. If you stir you will be followed; If you. write a letter of warning it will fall Into the handB of the police. You understand?" "Yes, I understand." "It only remains for me to thank you for this very pleasant interview." So. I left her, say ing to myself as I' rejoined Wheeler, "Chock- mate to Madame Loubert." "Weil?" said Wheeler. "Success, my hoy, success!" I, replied. "The game is In our hands, but not a moment must be lost. I am going In for desperate meas ures. Will you back me up?" . "In anything." "Do you carry a pistol?" I a&ked;, grasping his hand. .. , "CJolt's double ' action revolver, ' six cham bers," he answered, tapping the back of his waistband. "Took It to Liverpool with me." "Good. I have mine on me. I want two more men. Jack for one. Can you recom mend another?" "A capital man. Pick him up ln Jive mi nutes. Sure to he at home. Just married, and In want of a job. Name, Bob Garllck." "He's the man for us." I hailed a growler, and Wheeler told tho driver where to go. "I have screwed Maxwell's address out of Ma dame Loubert," I sold, as we rattled along. "Yoir would have laughed if you, had heard us argue — I fairly frightened her. 1 shouldn't be surprised If he and Louis, and perhaps Louis's mother, are preparing for tlight, and t hope to catch the iot to-night. There's noth ing In the last two that would warrant us in arresting them, but -It Is on tho cards that T shall arrest Maxwell for the murder of Mor gan, whose real name is Philip Barlow." "How do you know he murdered him? Best bo sure of your ground, Godfrey." ' "I will make sure. The plan I have in my head will not fall. I never in my life felt more confident, but everything, of course, de-' pends upon our coming face to face with thc- scoundrelly crew. We are going straight to their house, you, I, Bob Garllck, and Jack, and then we shall see what we shall see." What my plan was will presently be made clear. Sufficient now to say that we found our new recruit at home, and that he took It as a compliment to he invited to work with me. Jack also joined us. He was-, over- joyed to hear that it was not a ghost he had seen in Finehley Road, but Louis himself In the flesh. , ' "You've lifted a ton weight off me, guv'- nor," he said. "That clears me, don't It?" "You will come out of It with flying colours, my lad," I answered, clapping him on i the Bhoulder. "But 'ow dld.it happen?" he asked, in won der. ' . : ; "We shall know Boon," I said: "Only keep cool." . , ' ' t ' ' , "Poor Morgan!" he sighed, with genuine; feeling, "'E w'os worth a 'undred of sech stuck-up cads as Louis." . Oyer a hasty and amnle meal, for . a full stomach puts courage Info a man, I r I .'e my- recruits their Instructions, and then the four of us rattled on. to Lethbridge Road. Night had fallen before we reached our. destination,1 A .dark night, too,' for which I was-. riot sorry. : Directing the cab where to wait for us, we proceeded to the house. "How are we to get in 7" whispered ;W-1: ler. ' , - I did not answer him, but rang the and, gave the double rat-tat of a.'ppssengor from the telecrarili office; -.'i u CHAPTER XXXV.— PAUL GODFREY,. PRIVATE DETECTIVE, CONCLUDES HIS NARRATIVE. ' Whenever a summons of "this kind Is an swered quickly It betokens either that the In mates are in a nervous state or are ln dread or expectation of Important news. A peace ful household takes things more calmly, and Is content to let the telegraph messenger cool Ills heels on the doorstep. I did not expect this household to be at peace with itself, nor did I wish it, for such a state of things, wb'uld have augured ill for the success of my ex- : pedition. I. was therefore pleased to hear a .rush of footsteps in the passage, followed by, the swift opening of the street door. The- woman who answered the summons held a candle In her hand, and there was no thing particularly clever in my jumping at- tho conclusion that Louis's mother stood be fore me.- Until this night I had never seen her or her son, nor, so far, as I am aware, had they seen me. I had counted upon this as of importance in the move I was about to take. We being in the dark, and Mrs. Ford ham In the light, we had the advantage of lier. -.- As she peered forward and held out her hand for the telegram tliree-of.us darted into the passage. Wheeler, Bob: Garllck and my self. Jack was on the watch outside, -to-be called in by whistle when he was required. Mrs. Fordham fell hack with a(slirlek of alarm, and a man ran out of the nearest room, crying, "What's ttfe matter?" This man had a scar' on ills forehead: ."Mr. Louis Fordham; I believe," . I sa)d ad vancing, while Mrs. Fordham continued to retreat. . "Yes." "No." The two answers came sim ultaneously from the man .and the woman, the man acknowledging' his name, the woman denying it'. We were moving slowly towards the room from 'which Louis had emerged, and now reached the door. Mrs._Fordham flung her self against it, and crying, "You can't come !n here— this is a private house," actually had the boldness to blow out the candle. I could not. but admire iter for it, for she must have seen that there were three of ub, and pluck, especially in a woman, always commands my admiration. But she reckoned without her host, for two bull's eye lanterns instantly .dashed their light upon her face. "Have you come to rob us?" sne demanded. "I will call the police." "Save yourself the trouble," I replied. We: are officers, and I warn you not to - resist. ; Here is a police whistle, if you would like to use' it."' She: did not take it, and driving her and Louis .before us we entered the room. The gas was lighted there, and it was clear to see what was going on. Trunks and bags were open, and the floor was littered with clothing and travelling, requirements, on the point of being packed away. "Preparing for a journey," I remarked. "That doesn't concern you," Mrs. Fordham, retorted. „ , "No, it concerns you more i.han us, 1 said. "I am afraid your journey will have to be postponed, I motioned to Wheeler, and pointed to an inner door which communicated with another apartment. "See who is in there?! . , .M "It is my bedroom," screamed Mrs, Ford ham. "You. ruffiuns— how dare you?" "See who Is in there," I repeated. "There Is nobody there," she said. We did not take her word for it. Wheeler examined the apartment, and returning, said it wus empty. "Whom did you expect to find?" demanded Mrs. Fordham. ' "Shalt I give him a name?" "You can do ns you please about that." "0, I thought you wanted to know." "You shall suffer for this," she said, but curiosity was too much tor ner. Give mm a name, then." "What do you say to a party of the name of Maxwell?" She made no answer, and I observed that her face grew suddenly white, as had been the case with Madame Loubert when I made a good shot. In dealing with self-willed wo men this Is always a satisfactory sign. My observation of the tender sex leads me to another conclusion— the moBt obstinate of them, when the barriers are broken down, show the most fear, and are the most sub servient and submissive, though I am bound to say this was not exactly the cuse with Mrs. Fordham. But then she was an excep tional woman, and she hated John Fordham as only a woman can .hate. "Who is in the house besides yourselves?" I asked. "You wouldn't have dared to molest us," she answered, "If we had protectors." "Answer the question," I said sternly. "You know that we are alone in the house." "Go ajid see." I said to my two assistants. "I can take care of these." They departed on their errand, and until their-roturn, when they informed nie that the house was empty except for those who were in this room, not a word was exchanged be tween me and Mrs. Fordham. As for Louis, un. v.. i /I nl/ori nn nnrf In thp finn VPi-Rntiou. "He was evidently ruled by his mother, for he kept his eyes upon her, and took his cue for silence from her. s "Now," said I, "we are here upon very se rious business, and I don't want you to In criminate yourselves. I have had an Inter view with one lady to-day— a friend of yours, Madame Loubert, provision dealer, Soho— and after some stupid reluctance on her part I put It to her whether she would treat me as a friend or an enemy. If It had been as a" enerny she would have been ln prison by this time. I should have had her arrested. , But she acted like a sensible woman, and accepted me as her friend, recognising that it was her only chance of belng'-kept out of the crimi nal dock. The consequence is, she Is free— and safe." I repeated the last two words. "And safe. I offer you the same chance. If, without incriminating yourselves, you can do as she did, I advise you to follow her lead. If It Is to bO the other way, blame youjrselves for the course I shall take." "Be silent." she said. "Pray what course do you propose to take?" "I shall arrest you, Mrs. Fordham, and you, Louis Fordham, on the churge of com plicity in the murder of a man kn own as Mor gan over a year ago In Llverpo il." Louis staggered, and caught at the mantel piece for support, and Mrs. Fordham rushed to his side. I remembered what John Ford ham wrote ln his Confession about the love -"e bore her son. «nd I now had evidence of It. You are not very strong," I said, stating a palpable fact. "Probably you still feel the effects of th6 wound you received on the night Morgan wus murdered." .And now Louis wns not to be restrained. "What' do you know pf -it?" he ; screamed. "What do you know of It?" "Up to a certain point," I replied. '"I know everything, Of the company you kept In Li verpool and eleswhere, of . the, way you spent your days and nights, of the gambling that was going on, of your accusing Maxwell that he cheated you at cards, of your being stab, bed by him" — I stopped here. I hud given them an inkling of wnal I did know, but had no Intention ol' telling them what I did not know; so I branched off on another tac-K. "You are both aware that John Fordham Is in prison for a murder he did not commit. Your presence alone in a criminal court will prove him lo be innocent. But we do not need that to set him free; it can be accom plished without your aid. And for the rest- well, It is In your hands. I shall not give you long to decide." "My son was a victim,", said Mrs. Ford ham. "He. Is no murderer."- "You can prove that to a judge and jury in stead of to me, if you prefer it. I have a con-. veyunce waiting for you. Be advised. ; Don't trifle with me." . "You mentioned an alternative, :but . have not explained it." , t ?"'! -- . . "Ah, you are growing sensible? I must have plain answers to plain questions, and a plain statement of facts." "May I speak privately to my son?" "1 have no objection, but it must be in this room. .'We shall not let you oiit of our sight. You can talk ln the corner there, and we will remain here by the door. If you speak low we shall not overhear you." She dragged Louis into the corner, and they Ifeld a whispered conference. I did not seek to overhear them, but I saw that Louis, overcome by fear, .was ready, even eager, to unbosom himself. Such opposition as was ap parent. to me came from her. She was the kind of woman that hates to give ln— she and Madame Loubert would have made a pretty pair— but in the end she allowed herself to be persuaded. \- "We will answer your questions such as we think lit to be answered," she said, "under compulsion. Understand that— under com-, pulsion." , I shook my head and smiled. "Tbat will not do. You will answer all my questions of your own free will, or you will answer none; and your desire is to assist the course of jus- tlce." She shut her mouth with a snap, and I think she would have liked to bite me. "If you don't answer," cried Louis, "I will." "Put your' questions," she said, frowning at him and us. tsro lis concluded.) 