m im? if mm HinnBiri fA OHIi )**n «t' - \^ i1tv-- ^ hi p ™n «gfX -|twdr(t rtt*h» I Bgk 1 ii w» ii ? wii-j Wjf h« tod l«*Mf f/gL trtw *il» u«ti w.« »or1 flridnii ti«l». KnoWhR «h»l to i»ttlH-t»»nMil«iiti«nd» )tre*t den? vi itwwy ot »-l» »*? ii »-li*»ot*, I (rae»*»jd Hmw Uiatto hml tx*« lurfcj M)u«tth tetwMT»«H invnsttoii fmm mwte oto wtw tiuWsUiil firtiinn and dhooUhR ' hfilln, OftMoyne*' I *aM, *» I «*«*-« «|t wltli him, ' wiint1* tin -t*tne no* t TJti* looVn Mmetiilttg Ilkft butl«i«M.' ?? Ah, my boy,' t*y» to, ' i rirnutd think it doe», too, Old iefferMn -im faaan looking ont tot * «iunl*y j-l»ce tot m»« time, you knew, Mid to iitt wanaged to find on* up in tto north at ft Wan-ellously ehwili roht. Us'suken It for twelve mmUid, Md if he like* it he to* ito chance of buying It at a Hdleuloui figure, ' Why, what'e the matter wiUi It?' 1 *«id. 'Oh, nothing,' he replied, ' that t know of, but it doesn't suit the owner for some rewon, attd to ha* had it on his hands for a very Ioiir lime nnd could not let it, and I suppose he got tired of it nnd thought ho would get rid ol it at any price. Jeflcrson writes me that it is really a grand place, with aome glorious shooting and falling, and a really magnificent house, and he's asked me to go and have a month's sport. I thought it was too good a chanoe to be missed, and eo I packed up my traps at once, and I'm off.' At that the train came up, and after see ing him comfortably sottlcd in a corner seat and wishing him good sport and u high old time I strode away. What was my surprise, in a little more than a week afterwards, to meet him one evening in the High-street aa I was return ing from business. 11 Why, Goscoyne,' I said, ' whatever bos brought you back again so soon ? 1 thought you were going to stay a month.' ' Never a month would I stay at that place for any price,' he replied; 'but come, let us walk up to the King of Bells at tho end of the village. We shall be quiet there, and I'll tell you all about \t. It makes me feel so queer every time I think of it that I really can't tell you without a glass of something.' We went up to the old inn, and before a comfortable gloss and blazing fire we lit our pipes, and he commenced :— 'Jefferson was right when he said he had a splendid place. It's fallen into disrepair a little through being untenanted bo long ; but Hey ton Grange, as it is called, is a regular country mansion, with a magnifi cent hall, fine large, entertaining rooms, and 1 don't know how many bedrooms up stairs. I found he'd invited quite a number of fellows, and intended having a regular shooting party slaying in the house, but he hud asked me up a day or two in ad vance, eo that we could have a quiet time together before the rest came. .._'.ff« huH thrne most 'enjoyable days The country round was magnificent. We hud a few idle shots, and cast a fly or two for trout as we sauntered along, talking of old times, enjl these lazy trials were suffi cient to show us that we should have fine sport when we commenced in earnest. We spent these days alone, and Jefferson and I' slept together during that time, for we are old friends, as you know, nnd I liked better to be with him than to be in the room allotted to me in the far off woat wing until that part of the house was occu pieoTBy Borne of the other visitors. On the fourth day they came. We had a glorious time of it, and went to bed tired out. I dropped to sleep at once, but after some two hours I woke up b&thod; in h oold per spiration and with a terrible feeling that I oould not account for. ' Whether I had been dreaming or not I could not tell, but 1 raised myself on one arm and looked around the room, and there right by the foot of the bod I saw— the bust of a ' woman, as though the body had been cut through at the waist. 'The face was as white as marble and the eyes seemed to look beseechingly upon me.. Terrified, 1 was unable to stir, and the figure gradually floated away and disap peared through the panels of the wall, heaving as it did so a low, deep sigh. ' Of course, sleep was impossible after that. I lay in a state of terror until morn ing, but I managed to drop into a troubled, broken slumber as daylight appeared, and slept on uneasily until I was startled by a knock at the, door, and the announcement that the first breakfast bell had rung. I went down to bieakfast with the effects of the night's apparition still upon me, though wearing away and growing fainter every moment, and before I had finished' my sooond oup of coffee, what I had supposed to be the usual query in such cuBes arose in my mind— Could I, after all, have fancied that tueiBparjfciQnjippeured f ' Was it possible that it could be the reBult of a disordered'imagination f In the night I had made up my mind to tell my -friend what hud ooourred and leave the house at once, but now I feared the ridioule Of the company, and was, indeed, likely soon to laugh myself and wonder how 1 oould have been so superstitious. I raised my head and began to join in the conversa tion and to talk over the arrungen.oula for another day's sport, when at the far end of the table I notioed a gentleman who laughed the loudest yesterday, and whose sallies had amused us nil, but who was now silent and taciturn. - ' ? He seemed quite unable to do justice to the good things provided by our host, and only answered in monosyllables when ?pokeu to. It was evident that his mind was 111' at ease, and that he wan labouring under eorao strong exoltement. As soon as breakfast was over I sought him out and said to him— a 'I am afraid something, has happened to jliturbyou j you were in suoh excellent spirits we we parted last night and seemed so very different at the table thin morning that I feel sure something must be the matter.' ' ' No,' he replied. ' I'm all right, thanks j I certainly don't feel very lively just now, hut it will wear off presently.' ' \-- ' Perhaps you didn't have a good , night's rest V I rejoined, speaking slowly and pointedly. ' '? ? Well.1 he said, ' I cannot say that I 4iA.lMl 1 -? WU MtAt MtfM&elti; ill turt $m ) iWI fw ??* WHkmt V »« »» ttn **(*i«w* IM Mjl Wi* «j*m ».U ?'14iA,'to««Mi '?**«* ?«? ?»* V ' ? n*c*tt«* i w* ^Hth«i *ir««tt i wtot rlid knmV 'I «#,' to «*W, *M pImhMwwI ?» to pfNtta, ' ito Inn* ill ? wwMit imi off m ito %%m v ' * Pree*«-y *tot I tow «??& t» Ito night V I ?taoatetud. ' 1 mfc U M Uw fnei of my tod, »i»d It nmw) to r1l*»|»t*Ri throng!* tto putt ot tto ?*«, Uynot room In tto **& wing at Ut» end a* (to great |ta«*|pi? '?Itim'towsptoa, ''Minn Mi* *tn*ritt-m tnwtt»««N- ier*d jnut reuffl When It left Win*, for ynu nr* *vii1cnUy *1e^»(nR Ui ih««it*\ nwmlo me. Wtoltttotorfmte? ' ' Wo «attnnt MKJ-, uid I oerUlnlv do (tot tlk« the tdM «rf brealrint! up the party.' *' Well, wt talked it ever ion? and ?arAMUy, and »l tat -tmhe*d to May Ui»( Might at *ny r»te and we If It rlMtod us i«.in. ' After anothw dayV *|»rt. during which we forgot uat fear*, night nmi on, and we onoe more retirwl to our raotns, bnt not lo bod. t «rw very tired, and i nut up watching unlit long past the time the ap parition had AppeaVetf oti the pnvion* night, and then omcome with fatigue J threw aside my feat ft, and throwing my ?elf on tho bed wh ktleep In a moment. ' I could not have slept very long— not many minutes— when I awoke with a start, and 1 felt at once Utat the thing was by me. In terror I opened my eyes. Oh, horrors I The bust of the woman was lying by my side on the bed, with her head upon the pillow I ' What ImpiKsned after that I do not know, for I must have lost consciousness for a moment, and when 1 recovered the fearful thing bad vanished. I jumped from the bed and rushed instantly into my neighbour's room, but he Vbb lying; upon the rug in a dead faint. I loosened liin collar and poured oold water on his face, and as ho opened his eyes and revived n little I made him take a good draught of brandy from my huuting flask which I had with me. ''He quickly came to himself, and sitting up ho told me he had dozed oR in his chair and had been Buddeuly awakened by the touch of a death-cold hand upon Mb fore head, and found the apparition close to him, gating with entreaty in her eyes into his face. Overcome with horror he had fainted away as I found him. ' We Bat together aud talked long and earnestly, and at lsngth decided that we would make the best excuse to our host, urging some sudden cell back to our homes, and would leave the house that morning. I am afraid Jefferson muBt have felt hurt nt our sudden departure, but stay we could not, so we came away, and here I am.' (Jascoyne and I Bat talking and con jecturing about the mysterious visitant un til late that night. Weeks and months passed, and it gradu ally became only a terrible memory of which we spoke now and again, until one duy Gascoyne knocked hurriedly at my door, and saying in an excited manner, ' Put on your bat and ~-come with me,' he led me without a word to the old Ring of Bells. Ae soon as we were seated in the little room behind the bar he began hur riedly— ' I've just had a letter from Jefferson. He had a Christmas party at Heyton last week and one of the guests who had been placed in the room I slept in shrieked out that she had seen a ghost, and when they had calmed her sufficiently to speak coher ently she declared that it took the form of the bust of a woman. Jefferson remembered our hasty flight and' the curiously embar rassed -*-ay in whioh we made our excuses for leaving him so suddenly, and believing now that it must bave been in some way conneoted with the apparition that so terri fied his lady visitor, he made up his miud there and then that together with the bravest of his visitors he would himself watch on the following night. He did so, and soon after midnight the restless spirit returned once more. He and his friend nerved tbemselvesand spoke to it, demand ing the reason for its presence in the house. It gHzed upon them for a moment, and beckoning them to follow it floated out and led them through a secret door on the top landing into -t small room under the roof, where they found a worm-eaten chest, into which the apparition seemed to disappear. They rushed downstairs, and quickly returning with two or three men sorvanr« they broke open the lid and were horrified to discover the lower part - of a woman's body, which, from its decomposed state, had.evidently been there for yean. Upon inquiry they learned that a long trine before a murder had been committed, and the murderer, who wag the unfortunate woman's husband, had severed bis victim ut the waist, and that her bust having been dis covered it had been buried in the church yard, but that Bearoh for the lower part of the body bad been in vain. As Boon as Jefferson and his friends oould arrange with the authorities the ghastly objedf-jn tho trunk had been buried beside the bust.' That was ttaaooyne's tale, and tie was able to inform me from a further communi cation he received from Jefferson that the midnight visitant had never appeared again My frleud was a man for whom I enter tained the highest regard, aud I had every reason to believe in his integrity. He declared to me that every part of this strange narrative Is true, and I have never been inclined to doubt it. ' . 