Tlie Coraki Regatta. Sir, — Knowing thut your journal is ulwayB open to tho voice of the publio on any matter of momont, I venture to ofl'cr a few remarks anent tho above subject. As one of the many who attended Coruki for a day's amusement, I must enter my protest agaiust the miserable innnuv*irrn.hhinnr u'uv in whinh f.ltfi vocra.ttn. war conducted. The men in the first heat were not sent otr to tho starting post till an hour after they should have been, and, even then, tliey wero loft to freeze, in their scanty garb, for half un hour, becuiise, forsooth, the bout from Lisinore hud not arrived, and a few shil lings ' gate' might be lost. If the men wero not- lo be sent oft tilt everybody was present, why put them lo this unnecessary exposure? Having begun thus, the committco did 'not fulfil the old adage, ' A bud beginning makes a good ending,' but made a new precedent for themselves, to wit, ' A bud beginning inukes u worse ending.' All tho hcuts wore far be hind the advertised lime, the committee ap parently not caring a 'Continental cuss' whether the events finished 011 tho Queen's Birthday or dawdled along till the day of her decease. Tho result was thut Books, who won the last division, hud not the 'ghost of ii show ' in the final. Almost as soon us he won his heat he had lo get into his boat to strain every nerve und muscle to try and beat Niel sen anil the two others, who hud been resting for hours. I)o you call that fair play, Messrs. Lommittce? No sportsman would. Then, t, he moonlit beauty of the final ! Great Jei(2afi-X phut ! Scene I. — The placid Richmond! Rivcr\ [see reporter's uccount), four dark objects 011 surface thereof ; captain of steamer informs passengers these are four scullers. Scene II. —One black dot scuds suddenly away, and hides himself in the overhanging willows. Iu a few seconds another does ditto, then another, und another. Wo know 'they're off,'' for the steamer moves ahead, otherwise we wouldn't. Scene III. — Moonlight excursion for three miles up Richmond River; now and uguin flush of wuter iu front ; passengers think it is mullet jumping ; newspaper 1111111 knows better, says 'It's Books trying to find Coruki.' Youth nudges me on elbow, und says, ' Two shillings, pleuse.' I inquire, ' What for!' ' To see the fiuul of the great race,' quoth he. I ' pin t up,' as u few huudred more 011 the two bouts did, but nut to see the final. I would have needed the eyes of un owl to' have seen thut. Scene IV. — Steamer inoors to wliarf. I hasten usliore, inquire if race is over, and hear that the judge had observed one of the black dots aforementioned passing by, and hud called on him to stop, and come ashore and report, or he would shoot. He camu within hailing distance, and callcd out, 'I'm Books.' So Books won; but I notice your reporter snys Nielsen did. This confusion re-' suits from the business-like way iu which the regatta was conducted. To the public it seemed as if tlie longer they could be kept iu Coraki, the hotter it suited the promoters of the regatta, so that instead of 'sport' it degenerated inlo disguised ' cadging,' as wit ness the doubling of fares to see the lust race, and putting off the remainder of the races till Sutnrday, with u view to more money being raked in. It is plain lo anyone that, with two steamers at command, all the races could have been got through, if it had been desired, and the public would have come away with a good impression instead of a bud one. — Yours, &c.;, -v ' ? P.Q.X. oik, — in perusing your issue ot J! riday last, X was much concerned to find in your report of the previous meeting of our local Council that the Aldermen, us a governing body, hud so stultified themselves und -made conspicuous their utter-aldermunic incompetency by, at this stuge of the municipal year, allowing a rebate on the rates legally payable by the Australian Dairy Co. I11 the first place, the manager of tho Co., who made the representa tion of an alleged excessive assessment, has no standing, as he is neither llic owner, occupier, nor lessee of the premises, the persons respon sible as. ratepayers being the Directors of the Co. These are the parties tho Council should have dealt with, if tliey hud been ut all con versant with their duties, seeing that tho Municipal Associution, no Iuter thuu the year 1897, decidcd 011 the advice of their legal advisers that u mauuger of any manufactory or establishment liaa no voice in municipal matters in his managerial cupucity. Again, the question of the delivery of the rate paper was introduced, and the Municipalities Act clearly states that delivery to a ratepayer in person is not at all necessary, the alternative procedure of posting or leaving Ihe paper on the premises is considered sutiicienl service, so tnut the manager's excuse thut he hud not received the rule notice is of no moment. The most serious part of the business, however, is thut this coucessiou is to be allowed in the face of the fact that the only way to deal with such matters is, either by the holding of what is termed a Friendly Appeal Court (optional with the Council), and which must be held before and certainly not after — as has pructi cully been done in this instance — the Public Appeal Court, or, failing this meuns, by giv ing the requisite notice of , an inteution to uppcul in open court. I find, ou reference to my own rate notice (which should be similur to all others), that the Appeal Court wus this year held on the 9th Muy, and now, some days after, the Aldermen, in direct contravention of one of the plainest- and most important pro visions of the Act which they are elected to rightly interpret and carry out, in the most unconcerned mnnner propose to allow a reduc tion in 11 rate which, whether excessive or not, should have been dealt with at the right time, and in a constitutional manner. Apart from this, it must certainly be far from gratifying to the valuers to have an assessment bused on their valuation thus hacked about without au opportunity being afforded them of proving their case, und not creditable to the Aldermen, showing as it does thut their adoption of the valuation must have been .madeafterufarcicul investigation of the valuation book. The crux of the matter is this, that u precedent lias been established by which any ratepayer, feeling aggrieved with his assessment, can, instead of taking the case to the legalised Appeal Court, quietly approuch the Aldermen, und, in defi ance of the nwoni valuer *' report und valua tion, obtain concessions which, had the matter lieen discussed in the right place, would pos sibly, not. have been granted. In saying tliis, I do not for 0110 moment wish to impute mo tives in the least suspicious or dishonorable to our present or past Aldermen, and hud not the circumstances demanded it I would gladly have passed over this later phase of the ques tion ; but- the fuct still reuiuins thut a door has been left open to corruption ? and disho nesty, which, by the clear and distinct provi sion made in the Act, the frainer had evidently foreseen and endeavored . to obviate. Iu con clusion, I may here be permitted to remark that I have no desire to unnecessarily inter£-re with the business of the municipality, but would impress 011 tlie Council that, providing this rebate resolution is not rescinded, each and every ratepayer bccomes entitled to a. reduction in his or her rates, aiid thut such a complication, if pressed, would bo the means of creating chaos, where now p'oace and com- ' purutive contentment prevail. — Yours, &e.;, ( ? MUNICKPS. 