' L;r,0 CnAPTEK XIV. fcONnNUED.3 fTWKAIL and wonlc ns Iiq looks, £&. lio would net. desperately if lio wcro driven to do so,' fiko said., half- aloud: 'I havo al ways felt that. Will Stella drivo him? Cancsbo? And, if so, how? It is absurd of me to ask myself tlitit question!- What . hold or power can fto have o.ver hey ? The past is past and done w'itli--dono with 1 And that is no secret to. mo. It was the future he seemed to threaten.' Oh, I shall wear myself out with wondering and conjcoturing 1 And what is tlie uso of it all ? Wherever there is a woman liko Stella thero is also a woman like mo, I- suppose: Shall I ever bo , at pence on; her account, I wonder even when she is Ilcctbr W oolf's wifo? Peace ? : I lmvo. never been at pcaco on ' her. . account ciiice she and I were childrcii ! All me 1 When T look back, how old and tired I feel !' A swift shadow foil ejerosa , tho grass. Tinker, , returning from . tho'shooticg party; of which , ho had made one, showed his delight at finding himself with the per son who, next to his master, was most beloved of his oanino soul by frantically prancing and don- . cing about her. With thqheevi- nes.s and .weariness, gone from her face,. Leslie, laughing, caught him mp, kissed; him, »nd then ? looked at his master. She had heard nothing to indicate Sylves ter's approach, but it did not in the least surprise her to see him. Toiler it had become quite a matter of courso that ho should drift in her direction ; as for him, ho had not yet realised tho drift-. iug.. You have robbed mo ' of one my most clicrisbcd delusions, Miss Brooke. I usedjto. flatter myself that. I possessed- tho.'viidlo of that small apostatels affection.' Sho'laughed, shook., her .bond, and let Tinker sli(\o down to the grass again. ' >», 'When you can prove to me that nffecti.ou will fill a certain- sized cubic measure, and can on .110 account stretch, I'll acknow ledge tho theft!' sho said gaily. Ho was offering her. bis' hand— after her greeting to the dbg she could hardly refuse ono to tho master— and she instantly clasped her own. child-like, behind her. ' Wait, if you plense! Are you a blood-stained assassin or not ?' 'Not at all, I assure you. If the birds ;pussess any sense of humour, I should say, that my, performances must have amused them.; As far as the crimp of hitting nnythyig is concerned, I retain, I ain Impyy to say, ail entirely blameless-charaotcr.' 'I don't believe you tried!' ' To hit anything ?. "Certainly not. What djd.you threaten me with if I Bueecqifod P . ' ' I am sure I dou' t know, But you would havo deserved it, whatever it was. And you haven't even hurt anything ?' ' Nothing but the Squ.ii:ot's feel ings— .on my.- honour !' 'Oh, well, then— Sho-gavc.li.ini her llnnd. He hardly know-how long he held it- oi) with, whatlingcring reluotance ' ho let.it go.. - ' . . The light . of the September evening was fading, but the western sky was red with, sunset, lire, 'and, now tljat hei: smilb was gone, he saw that her face had mo colour beyoiul that of tho reflect ed glow of tho sunset. . ' ' Yon, m;p tiyed h,o said invol untarily. ' Am I ? I; supposo I am, Mrs. Ackroyd made tho same remark just i,io w, so. I conclude I must h'e.'- She sank down into her \- chair again, and Tinker jumped into her lap. ' Tho preparations for ir garden-party,' slip said lazily ' resemble Mi\ Weller's r— . .. JiKtwlcdge of London,— rthe / pre qt ptfee extensive and peculiar.' , ' '-Yen ' lmvo been .! busy over thorn all chiy ?' % 'yntil half an hour- ago "we hn.vc been busy over -thorn. Be thankful that- you bel.ong to the sex which, in. domestic crises, is treated like tlip siipefluous chairs Mini tables, and, got comfortably outof.the.vvay; . You. have, had (hp h.Qst pf. it/ ' ' ltemom boring the excessive discomfort iiiflioted upon me by my gun, I rather beg leave to doubt that,' Ho was leaning against a stone flower-vase which ornamented tho edgo of the fish pond, looking nt her as she indo lently smoothed Tinker's rough head. Ho hardly wished hor to look at him while ho could thus gaze at hor. ' All the preparations are completed now, I suppose ?' ho said, oontinuing tho subjeo.t because it djdas well qs any other, 'All. Everything has been dono to" mako tho party a sucoess. Wo may fairly hope to espapo with as little suffering as the circumstances admit of.' 'Suffering?' He oohoed the word with a laugh. ' I wns under the impression that you liked garden-partioB !' A So I do. 1,'m always so thank ful when, if there is any outdoor oalamity of tho kind to bp borne, it doesn't, take the form of a pio- nio !';: 'Aroyour associations with that mournful fostivity particular ly painful?' '' ' Oil, I don't know— just ordin ary, I supposo !' She vaisod hor eyebrows reflectively. ' The last one in whioh I joined, I recollect, was down.; here two years ago, W'e wont to Croft Wood, and it simply poured fo.v exactly two hours and a. quarter. What aggravated mo most was that evory body else per sisted in vowing that they enjoyed it !' . 'In tho mass wo arera wonder ful. people in our pleasures ! A.nd you ?' ... . 'Enjoyment is non-existent for mo when, my fringe if out of curl and my skirts aro sloppy,' Leslie returned Aoalmy. 'There is a 'depth of cultivated hypocrisy about a woman who can protend to happiness in thoso particularly objectionable circumstances \yhioh fills md— us a fellow-woman who understands her. inward feelings —with horror. Personally, I should respect her more if she used strong language.' ' May I ask if you . ' Certainly 'not ! On such bccrissioiis strong language would, afford me no relief ; or ' would it 'adequately express my serftiments. Don't talk any more, or we shan't hear when they ring the bell.' lip \vas obediently mute ;' sho often "silenced him with quite as little ceremony, and he was per fectly contented that it should bo so", so that she neither left him or sent hiin away. T ho silent nt her side was to. the full as satis fying as speeoh J they wore alone, and, if sho did pot notice hpn, a; least slio'notiecd no ono else. Neither had moved or spoken, and when presently Mrs. Ackroyd, appearing in the doorway, paused ; looking at them, herself unseen. She did not advuuco, as she had meant to do, to tell tbcm that the diuner-bell would- ring directly, but smiled, well pleased, and moved away. She was a clover woman, gifted with rapid insight, und sho said to herself that Ceith 'Sylvester's neglected education was progressing very fast indeed,. „ CHAPTER XV. The garden-party at Harrold's Couqucst, like most of tho sooial affairs which took place at that establishment, was a complete success. Nobody who wns any body disappointed their eutortni j- ;ers the weather was -propitious ; tlio refreshments were perfect. People- discussiug . it tho next day, had, as a rulo, nothing but praised, to award. Perhaps there was a little, feminine oo, vailing here rind there, accompanied by somo not too amiable gossip nud Criticism, For example, it was .said that Mrs, Moun tjoy had flirted outrageously with young Clement Ackroyd, and that it was plain his mother did not like :i.t— which, was no wonder. A.nd did over any one see spoil a.gown, it was asked, such a ' got-up ' in general as that for a widow of a year? Mourning ?- Cno might ;iis.wcl,l say- that a J:age-dancer .ryoyojhourriing because she dis ported ; herself'- in black skirts ! Goodness help that infatuated boy if sirb yettjly d, id marry him? And, after all, what was it Jliat ho could. goo in.'h.er ? Miss Brooke, her sister, was much handsomer \yheii tli.0 two wore compared, although she was so qniet. Sffo was hot too quiet," though, to keep Mr. Sylvoster— that clever nove- list, was ho not ?— from dancing attendance upon her the whole day ! If signs could be trusted, something would porno P.f that. Nelly Ackroyd had undoubtedly ' gono off' frightfully— and no one could say that alio had aver been a beauty, at tho best of times —though hardly more so' than poor little Lily Weston, whom young C!om had-oertainly treated very badly Indeed 1 And, by the way, how excessively odd of ' dear Mis. Ackroyd 1 to Invito that Mr. Bocho 1 What a strange man he was, top 1 And how like a wretched ghost ho had looked ! . But 'Harrold's Conquest was too lazy lind sleepy to care whether it was criticised or not ; for the oarpet-danoo which oonoluded the day had not come to an end until , tho small hours of tho morning wore pretty far advanced ; no one had appeared at all until lunohooh to. whioh Sylvester and Clem onmo yawning, to find tho Squire almost nodding as. ho carved tho pold beef. Nor woro things muoh bettor at dinner ; for, although Mrs. Ackroyd came down to, it as ' handsome and precise in hor attire as usual, she was silent and seem ed out of spirits \ and Nolly did not appear at all. Tho Boeming- ; ly inevitable feeliug of dulposs and cbpre.-s.ion which follows merry-making pervaded the whole honso, Clem was glum, the Scpiro tetchy, Sylvester sleepy ; no ono had anything to say, or, if they had, would not take the troublo to. say it, Tho dinner was'a failure, conversation li farce, the yery wine insipid. Everybody wont to bed early as tho only possiblo way to esoapo from tho dulness, and all heartily congrat ulated thom.solvos upon having got a most uncomfortable day over and done >vith at last, At the Holloa matters had been 110, bettor, f.or Mis, Mount- joy had not loft hor room -at; 'all, pnd, Leslie, contrary to all pre-' cedent, had, remained shut up too, declining all tho gentle Mrs. Kendall's kindly offers to come and sitr with her to keep her com pany, But the uext morning she made up for hor indolence by appearing even before tho. usual breakfast-hour, although looking languid and unusually pale. Her head aohptl, sh,o said, in reply to the companion's anxious questions. It is uotbiug — perhaps she was tired, She would go out present ly, nud stroll over to see how they all fared nt Harrold's Conquest. Tlie walk and the air \yould do her good". She went outnlmost immediate ly, -as though sho desired, to.avoid further questi,ouing, taking the way sho usually selected, tho path up the slope and across, the lane to tho tall iron gate with the spring-lock, which gave admission into tho park of Harrold's Con- quest. Her fingers, nimble from practice, pressed tho hidden spring, and passed through. As the gate sh,qti behind her, she stepped back a paoe, gripping ono of its bars hard and fast. 'How silly I am,' sho said faintly, with a swift catohing of her breath, ' to — to let the sight of — of any one startle mo !' She had, soon Keith Sylvester advancing among the treos. She had no repson to feel surprised, for sho had often, in her almost daily visits to Harrold's Conquest encountered him at nearly the sa.mo spot, waiting because ho 'knew she would pass that way ! She knew why he had como, and had she not expected him,, she wduld havo been, a less astute tutoress, and ho a less apt pupil. She had know lie would bo thoro had felt it, and yot Bhe stood with her heart beating wildly, h,er clenched hands colder and colder, her face paler and paler, as sho waited foi him to approach. ' I thought I might be luoky enpugh to meet you ! I told Mrs. I Ackroyd that if you did not appear I should walk:;ou to tho Hollow and inquire.' 'About me? That would havo been quito unnecessary i . I am. always well — i Mrsi. Ackroyd knows that 1' This was the greeting as Syl vester readied Leslie's sido and took her hand, which felt strange ly cold through her thin glove- so. cold and so tremulously uncer tain that ho glanced tit her with, sudden surprise and concern. . ' Are you ? Thon I'm afraid your appearance has a trick of. belying you,' he said quietly. ' You are terribly pale to-day !' ' Am i ? So Mrs. Eendall has just been telling mo. The effect ,of the recent dissipation; no doubt. Did I nevor tell you that my complexion, was nover to; he do- i pehdedMipon ? How- aro they all to-day ?' v : Her tone was the mostncgligent islie could assume;- but he was by nature an. observant man. Instead of answering her, he took lior band and drew it under hjs arm, 'I'm afraid;you shouldjiot have, voi tured upon the walk this morning,' ho Baid— 'yeu are not fit for it. Perhaps the sun is too muoh for- you. There is a seat ioloso by hero ; you must sit down bofore you try to. go. on o, tho house,' ! He had novor before adopted such a tenderly masterful tone to a woman ; but it was as natural to him to adopt it uow-. as it was gently and carefully' to support, almost to carry, her to tli.e seat of which lie bad spoken. Ho placed her upon it — a great trco screened it from the sun — and .stood by her, awkward, helpless, and miserable, until she had re covered hersolf. Ho had m.nd.G a iinovemeat to loavo her, to sock assistance ; but, with an eager earnest movement of thohnnd, she had resolutely stopped him. She looked up at him presently with a tinge of colour in hor face, aud forced a smile. ' I am nearly all right now,'' she said. ' I shall Ije quite my self soon, if I rest a little. I am inot well, I suppose, or perhaps you are right — the sun is too muoh for mo. I shall bo able to walk to the h.oppe. directly. Don't lot rae keep you, Mr. Sj'lvester !' ' I am certainly not likely to leave you hero h)' yourself !', ho Returned, halting at the notion. ' I should liko to know what Mrs. Ackroyd would say to, mo if I did, almost as muoh as I should liko to know what I should think of myself. As for your attempt ing to get to tho honeo within the nex.t half hour or so — ; if you insist upon trying anything of the sort, I givo you fair- warniug that I shall carry you.' ' Carry me?' — with a look of incredulity andsoork. ' As though you could indeed !' ' As though I pould indeed 1 I'm far from being a giant ; but with a little armful of a, orea.tu.ro like you — r- What will you bet mb that I cau't carry yo.u,. Miss Brooke p' , Leslie did not answer. She smiled and closed hevoyes, patting Tinker as he jumped up on to the scat beside her. It was a seat quite wide enough for two, but Sylvester did not take the place ho might havo taken. . A large trunk of a foiled troo lay near. He sat down upon that, and was tactful enough to wait until she should open her eyes and sho.w that sho was willing, for him to speak by speaking herself. Pre sently sho sat up, caressing Tin-, ker's rough little head as ho nestled under hor oliin. ' When you hear me described as a sensible woman agaiu, Mr. Sylvester,, you will have your own private opinion about that asser tion, I should tffink.' ' You avo better ?' he gently asked, . ....' ' Much bettor. Bat I'm afraid yon nro right— that I had much hotter stay where I am for tho pvosent. It is too bad to take up your njpuning but, if you won't go away, please bo amusing— ?'I waut rousing up. Toll mo some thing original, something oxoit- ing, soipething I've nevor heard bofore.' ' Bather li Inrgo order that !' Ho lnughod. ' Will you allow ni.e to suioko for the bettor stimu lation pf my faculties P' ' Do. And remember that I'm in a mercilessly cfitical mood.' ' Otherwise, as far as I am concerned, in your usual mood. Whioh will you havo — comedy or tragedy ?' 'Esther- or both. You pay your inventiveness a great com-' pliment.' ,' Not at all. Being perfectly destitute of an id.ea in cither di- fection.I am desperately indiffer ent to both. May I ask if you havo a good memory ?' 'An inoonveniently good ono Sometimes. Why?' ' ff you had not, I should have endeavoured to palm off tho in vention of somebody else. Is it quite hopeless to attempt to do- coivo you in that way ?' ' Perfectly hopeioss. Have you. a good memory ?' she asked1 suddenly. ' Indifferently good; I believe. Why?' 'Wo do nothing but say "why" to each other !' Leslie cried im patiently. ' When I was a little girl n.nd did it, I was given to 'understand that I took my chance of going to somewhere unpleasant ono of thoso days, I wondered whether you had — that's all. Go on with what you are. going to. toll mo, please. My patience is by no moans as good as my me mory.'' ' With th,e greatest pleasure — when I know "what it is. Porhaps. you will allow mo to trythooigiir 'first ?'... Leslie shrugged her shoulders resignedly, ' Try what yoa like,' she said; ' But roip.ember that, if you. at-, tempt to toll" me anything stale, I shall stop, it directly !' He laughed, and drow out his oigar case. Selecting the pigar and returning tho case, hb next explored his pocket in search of his matoh- box. Withdrawing it ho uttered an exclamation. Leslie started -and looked at him.. ' What is it ?' sho askedi for tho explanta.tion. had been. loud, -and had boon followed by a laugh. 'What is it ?' ; . P ' What is it. ? In reality, an inspiration. To look at— merely this,' A J He held out tho. hand which he had just withdrawn from his pocket. On the palm lay a tiny box — u little round, wooden pill box, Leslie looked at it, atchi.m, and then at it again. ' What of it ?' sho asked. '.What does it look like ?' ho rejoined, 'Looklike? What it evident ly is— a pill-box.' 'Granted. But not an ordinary ipill-box- — a pill-box with a story. What do you say to tho story of the pill-box ? Will you have it?' ' Is it interestina ?' ' You shall judge. ' I can't positively affirm tliat it will be original in tho proper sense of the word," and I won't pledgo my self that you shall think it excit ing; but it shall fulfil at least ono of your requirements — it shall be something you havo never heard before,' 'How can you answer for that?' ' For the- best of- reasons — I have never told it to any ono before.' ' Then , perlfnps you would rather not tell it to me ?' \- ' On the contrary, I should like to tell it to you ; but you must look at the' box first !' 'Am I to open it P' she. asked as she took it from his hand. ' Plenso — since 'the contents form tho cream of the story !' ' Sho rem.oved tho lid. Inside was a small round pad of jewel ler's cotton, and upon it Ivy a single Coin — a sovereign. Leslie looked up in mute questioning perplexity. Sylvester laughed. ' Queer — isn't it ?' ho said. 'It was sent to mo this morning.' - ' Sent to you ?' — ' Sent to mo by post-from Great Eothorharn.'- 'A sovereign sent to you— why should it havo been sent to you?' 4 That's tho story ; but iyait a 'moment — I have not shown you all. This was inside tho wrapper.' Ho took out his ppeket- book, extracted a small pieco of creased whitp paper — creased by many foldings — and handed it to, hoi;. Upon it. she read— printed, not written— in irregular and. awk ward letters,, tho words— In momory of a, year ago." (To bo qoptinuod.) . 