FLEEING - FROM JOHANNESBURG. GRAPHIC NARRATIVE OF A REFUGEE. A MELBOURNE LADY'S EX PERIENCE. BRUTALITY AND DISHONESTY OF THE BOEUS. THE APPALLING POSITION OF A MOTHER HAS TO KEEP ON HER LAP ONE LIVING AND ONE DEAD CHILD. The cabled details of the brutality and dishonesty of thu Beers in their dealings with the British refugees from Johannes burg are being confirmed byprivate letters now coming to hand by the malls. Mrs J. W. Parsons has received from her mother, Mrs Kuweit, a graphic account of the flight which, us n British resident of Jo hannesburg. she had to undertake during the last week which preceded the com mencement of tho war. Mrs Itussell writes:— "I am safe, as you may see. but I have had n terrible time— Just such a time. Indeed, as one docs not want twice in a lifetime. I left it late, trying to got my money out of the bank, but as it was not on 'call,' I did net succeed, and the bank finally closed down on it. Then, with only three days to go to the end of the notice to quit tho town, I determined to get away. Of cotlrse, I had to let everything go, business, furniture, and all except a few personal belonglcgs and clothes. I was glad to get away with my life, and it was certainly gcod luck which permitted me to reach British noil without being robbed of tlie Utile money and few things which I had contrived to get away with. "I bought my ticket (flrsl-cttu), at S o'clock In the morning, and at four In tho afternoon was hustled, with a crevvd of others— men. women and children— into an open cattle "truck. Fortunately for me, my companions were nice people, most of tltem being well-to-do business people who had been forced to leave their homes and businesses behind them. One gentleman toid me. with the ghost of a smile, that he had left a brewery In full going order, and full nf stock! We were a day and a half in the cattle trucks, al most wholly without food or water, and hustled ubout by Boers who carried load- ed rllles. Coming tn the end of the Boer lino wo found the railway broken up, and a gap of two miles between U terminus, and the beginning of the line in British terltory. We were peremptor ily ordered to clear off Boor soil, nud thn Boers with their loaded rifles stood by to sec that we lost no time in carrying out the orders. But before we were permitt ed to go we were all searched, and no part of our clothing was missed. Everything over 1.10 was taken und kept by the Boers, and one gentleman known to have money was "accidentally" shot by a Boer official. While be lay bleeding on the ground he was robbed of LI JO. I escaped robbery. Tlie. Boer woman who searched mo seemed to take pity on me 1 looked so 111\. and her search was only » perfunc tory one. Tlie two miles between the trains were rough, and It was Impossible for most tsjople weak and famished as they were to carry their luggage across. Ili-nce most of them abandoned their boxes and trunks, and the whole place wns Uttered with a miscellaneous collec tion of pncknges'uml parcels. I did not relish luring mine, so I hired a Boer for LJ! to carry it on his bullock waggon. The saddest thing about the whole hor rible Journey was the experience of a young mother of twins, which were seven days old. Bite had to carry these child ren on her lap in the cattle truck for the whole of the day nnd night, and one soon died of exposure. There waa no chance to bury it, and before the poor mother could get opportunity she hud carried the dead baby In her arms for nearly three dnys! Another womun did the Journey with an Infant one day old. Women faint- ed nil around, and men had fits. It was horrlhic! horflblci! After reaching the Britich side we were better off. We hud carriages, but were, of course, overcrowded, and thus from Sunday to Thursday we hud not taken our clothes off, and were all of us stiff and sore und ill. I don't want any more such Journeys." 