RILEY'S HILL. TFttOM A ConBKSrONUEST.l Fowl stealing is becoming very common about here, and although the matter was reported to the police some lime ago no effort seems lo have been made to;bring the offenders to' jus- tice. ? ; O ? « * ? » « VVK -aro very sorry to hear of Mr. Keele's removal to Sydney, but trust that his absence will only be temporary, and that he will be back again with us ere long. ?* * * -iT * * ON Tuesday night last a great noise was heard in the direction of Dungartibba forest. Much speculation was indulged iu as to the cause, some people averring that the Duugarubbu ghost hail re-appeared, while others said thai the new selector's bees had determined to proceed to Sydney to congratulate General Booth upon having attained his 70th birthday. It subsequently transpired that a wedding had taken place there that day, when xMiss A. Houre, second daughter of Mr. P. Hoare, of Dungarubbu, was joined in wedlock to Mr. A. R. Byrnes, of the same place. Miss Mary Hoare was bridusmuid, and Mr. P. Hoare, j u ii. , acted as best num. Tho ceremony wus performed by the Rev. Futher Fugun, after which a sumptuous repast was partaken of. * * * * * * Father Fagan, in proposing the health of the newly-wedded coiiplc, paid some high coinplimenl8 to the parents of the bride, aud congratulated the bridegroom oil his good for tune in securing a young lady of such storliug qualities as a lite-partner. Ho also reminded them that they would at all times, in weal or in woe, find a true and sympathetic friend in Father Fugan. ?**** + * The noise at first referred to wus occasioned by a parly of ' tin-kett-lers,' who made things very lively for a time, drumming away iu an empty house. During the course of events un amusing incident occurred; when the com pany woro suddenly confronted by a ferocious looking bull-dog, which did a deal of marling for a time, but eventually turned and walked off. Having recovered their equilibrium, tho party proceeded lo the residence of the bride's parents, where they were met by' the bride groom, aud a very cnjoyublu time wiib spent. At about- midnight all hands returnud to their respective homes, after having wished tlie popular young couple all manner of happiness. 