A Phantom Nurse Walks the Ward. XSrkat difficulty has recently been experioncecf in getting nurses to take night duty in the hospi tal attached to Greenwich College, owing to tlie nocturnal visitations of a phantom nurse in the- warns ami corridors. About a dozeu nurses in sue- cassion have tendered their resignations, after staying from two to six weeks, until the sense of the place being haunted completely unstrung their nerves, rendering them unfit for the duty of tend ing the sick. One of these nurses, who is now liv ing at home, gave the following account of her ex perience : " It v as about midnight, and I was sitting in tlie centre of ?be room, expecting every moment to have a cup of tea brought up to me. A nurse, as it seemed to me, entered the room a fevr steps, and then went hack agnin without speaking. I could not understand what it meant, and ran along the passage after her. There was nobody to be seen, and I was so puzzled that I could hardly summon courage to return 10 my post. No tea was brought to me that night, and in the morning everyone denied having come into the ward during the night. Then 1 learned that several nurses had left tlie instil ution scared by the same apparition that"! had seen: It was impossible for me to take duty anotlier night." The report speedily got abroad that the college was haunted, and local Spiritualists, of whom there are many in tlie Royal suburb, turned their atten. tion to the solution of the mystery. It was then found that an old dwelling immediately behiod the the college was quite a rendezvous of ghosts— un accountable-noises torrificd the occupants nightly with sundry violent accompaniments, sueh as orna ments falling from the shelves, and a bookcase being ' dislodged from thu wall. The Spiritualists afr ranged, and hired a medium from Kensington. An actress, who was playing Trilby in a touring com- pany, also came, for an object lessos in hypnotism. There were five ladieS and fourgcntlemen, including, clergyman, whq solemnised the proceedings with prayer. Presently the medium became entranced, and the spirit which possessed him directed that all the company should descend to the basement. The sequel was very extraordinary. "Everybody j promptly fell into a trance, and an involuntary fffee j fight ensued, the ladies scratching each other's | faces and tearing out e?ich other's hair. Forseveral of tlie company that was their last Spiritualistic ; entertainment, and tlie clergyman declines in speak ; t>f the affair. What relation exists between these obstreperous spirits and tlie phantom nurse is, of course, not known ; though. very lately other me dinins have been requi8i'tipllPlJ from Brighton aiid other places by live more persistent and courageous . of the Spiritualists, 