AN INDIAN GHOST STOBY. Mr F. H. Skrine tells a strange story of what happened to him when engaged in oensns operations in the 'Jungipore district of Bengal. He was spending the night as the gnest of an indigo manufacturer and hia wife, both Trench. * I was awakened in the dead of night,* says the writer, 'and sat up, trembling with the terror that comes of the unknown. A child's yoioe oame from without. In tones of agony it shrieked 'Mamma 1 Ayah !' I sprang through the open French window into tbe flower garden. All was etill. exoept the thump of my heart at I listened intently. It must have been a'; jackal, I thought ; but hark, again the wail j rang out — 'Mammal Ayah 1' This time there was no mistake aa to the direction. The sounds eame from the indigo vats, aa appurtenance of ever) factory. They are deep masonry oiB terns, in whiob the green plant is Immersed in order to extract the colouring matter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the row of vats, and peered into the dark reeeeses of eaoh. All were empty, save one filled with clear water to serve as a reservior for the tarden ; and it showed no sign of human fe. filled with creeping fear, I tamed and walked slowly towards the house over ground en which the feathery foliage of the oasiiarinos seemed to be photographed by the moonlight. High Above their monmfpl sough tWe oame again the childish screams. I rah baok to the vats, and searched eaoh in. vain. ' Shall I alarm the house-P' I asked myself. The feeling that human interven tion was useless restrained me, and I sought my bed, whereon l tbased till morning Sun E'eroed the Venetian Minds. It was 'very ! te, acoording to Anglo-Indian ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast. There was -something In my appearanoe whioh showed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether 1 had slept soundly. I admitted that I had sot, and begah to tellthe strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hoatsaa sank irom her chair in k swoon. M. Gilbert, as he tan to her as. dstanoe, oast on me a glanoe of menace and reproaoh I ' shall never forget. With the help of the servants he oarried the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, leaving me in mute amusement at tbe effeot of my plain, unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or bo he returned, and striding up tome, said, in a voice trembling with fury. ' Well, sir, what am I to understand by this onj tifioation ?' ' What on earth do you mean P ' Yes, sir, mystification'; and permit me to observe that it is in exeorable taste, tio saying M. Gilbert brought his podgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the .hot- water dishes -sound a carillon. Shifting my position to a point within reaob of the carving-knife, in view of aotive hos tilities, I replied, ' Now, M. Gilbert, per haps you will explain tin meaning of such language to a guest.* There was something In my manner which unpressed the unhappy man- He grew oalmer, and asked anxiously whether I had really heard tbe voice In the dead of the night, and whether I did not know the misfortune winch had wrecked his life, and was breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on 'my word of honour, that I had heard bis name for the first time on the previous day. ' Sir,' he replied after a pause. ' our little boy was drowned a year ago in these vats.' 