[?] lick of the Woods. CHAPTER YIII. I'ho yells of mortal terror, for such lliey had boon, with which lio had so long filled the forest, were changed to shrieks of rapture, as soon as he boheld kelp approach in the person of the astonished soldier. ' Praised be the Etarnal !' ho roared ; ' cut me loose, stranger! — Praised bo the Etarnal, and ?this here dumb beast ! — Cub me loose, stranger, for the love of God !' Such was Roland's intention ; for which purpose he had already clapped lii-i hand to his sabre, to employ it in a service more humane than any it had previously known; when unfortu nately, tho voice of tho fellow did what \- his distorted countenance had failed to do, and revealed to Roland's in dignant eyes the author of all his present difficulties, the thief of tho pinfold, the robber of Brown Briareous — in a word, the redoubtable Captain Ralph Stackpole. In a moment, Roland understood \- the mystery which ha had been before too excited to inquire into. He ro ? membored the hints of Bruce, and ho had learned enough of border customs and principles to perceive that the ?justice of the woods had at last over taken the horse-thief. Tho pursuing party had captured him— taken him in the very manner, while still in the possesion of tho 1 two-year-old pony,' and at oneo adjudged him to the pen alty prescribed by the border code, — tied liis arms, noosed him with the halter of the stolen horse, and left him to swing, as soon as the animal should be tired of supporting him. There ?was a kind of dreadful poetical in justice in thus making the stolen horse the thief's executioner ; it gave the animal himself an opportunity to ?wreak vengeance for all wrongs re ceived, and at the same time allowed his captor the rare privilege on his back into eternity. Such was the mode of settling such offences against the peace and dignity of the settlements ; such was the way in which Stackpole had been reduced to his unenviable situation ; and that all passers-by might take note that the execution had not been done with out authority, there was painted upon tho smooth white bark of the tree, in large black lot tors, traced by a finger well charged with moistened gun powder, the ominous name — Judge . Lvnoh — the Rhadamanthus of the forest, whose decisions are yet re ; Bpected in the land, and whose author ity sometimes bids fair that of all erring human tribunals. Thus tied up, his rifle, knife, and ammunition laid under a tree hard by, that he might have the satisfaction, ' if satisfaction it could be, of knowing tlioy were iu safety, the executioners had left him to his fate, and ridden away long since, to attend to other important affairs of the colony. The moment that Roland understood iu whose service he was drawing his sword, a change came over the spirit of his thoughts and feelings, and he returned it very composedly to its fcheath — much to the satisfaction of : the negro, Emperor, who recognising the unfortunate Ralph at tho same instant, cried aloud, ' 'Top massa ! 't ar Captain Stackpole, what stole ? Brown Briery. Reckon I'll touch tho pony on tho rib, hah ! Hanging too good for him, white niggah' t'ief, hah.' . With that, the incensed negro made as if he would havo driven the pony from under the luckless Ralph; but ?was prevented by his 'master, who, taking a second survey of thospectac'e motioned to the horror-struck females to retire, and prepared himself to fol low them. ' 'Tarrial death to you, captain, you : won't leave me?' cried Ralph, in terror. ' Honour bright ! Help him that needs help — that's the rule for a : Christian.' 'Yillian!' said Roland, sternly, 'I havo no help to give you. You are strung up according to the laws of tho settlements, with which I havo no desire to interfere I am the last man you should ask for pity.' 'I don't ax your pity, 'tarnal death to me— I ax your help!' roared Ralph i 'Cut mo looso is tho v word, and then sw'ar at me atter. I stole your horso thar : well whar's the i ? ? o i.« ~ ililL in . X/1UXI V Jit3 J11U£ ilit/, cum UllA? 1 mo into the bargain, the cursed sav age ? and ar'n't you got him ag*in as good as over 1 And besides didn't that etarnal old Bruce fob me off with a beast good for nothing, and talk big to me besides 1 and warn't that all faY provocation 1 An didn't you yourself swa'r ag'n shaking paws with me, ana treat me as if I war no gentleman J 'Tarnal death to mc, cut mo looso, or I'll haunt j'ou, when I'm a ghost, I will, 'tarnal death to mo.' ' Cut him down, Roland, for Heaven's sake ! ' said Edith, whom tho surprise and (error of the spectaclc at first rendered speechless : ' you surely,— no, Roland, you surely can't mean to leave him to perish 1 ' ' Upon my soul,' said tho soldier, and wo aro sorry to record a speech representing him in a light so un Riniable, ' I don't seo what right I have to release liini : and I really havo not the least inclination to do so. The rascal is the cause of all our difficulties; and, it' evil should happen us, he will be tiie cause of that too, But for liini, we should be now safe with our party. And besides, as I said before, ho is hanged according to Kentucky law ; a very good law, as far as it regards horse-thieves, for whom hanging is too light a punishment. ] 'Nevertheless, release him— save tho poor wretch's life,' reiterated Edith, to whom Stackpole, perceiving in her liis only friend, now addressed the most piteous cries and supplica tions : ' the law is murderous, its makers and executioners barbarians. Save him, Roland, I charge you, I en treat you ! ' ' He owes life to your intercession,' said the soldier; and drawing his sabre again, but with no apparent good will, he divided tho halter by which Ralph was suspended, and the wretch was free. it n..L l ? j.i.~ 1 — cv~ i ~ ' UUU l/IUJ WJC UUUU/lU-LUg, shouted the culprit, thrusting his arms as far back as he could, and displaying the thong of bison-skin which his struggles had almost buried in his flesh. A single touch of the steel, re warded by such a yell of transport as was never beforo heard in those savage retreats, sufficed to sever the bond ; and Stackpole, leap ing on the earth, began to testify his joy in modes as novel as they wero frantic. His first act was to fling his arms round the neck of his steed, which he hugged and with the most rapturous affection, doubtless in re quittal of the docilitj' it had shown when docility was so necessary to it's rider's life ; his second, to leap half a dozen times into the air, feeling his neck all tho time, and uttering tho most singular and vociferous cries, as if to make double trial of the condition of his windpipe ; his third, to bawl aiouci, directing tne important question to the soldier, ' How many days has it been since they hanged me ! 'War it to-day, or yesterday, or the day be fore 1 or war it a whole year ago 1 for may I be next hung to the horn of a buffalo, instead of the limb of a beech tree, if I didn't feel as if I had been squeaking thar ever since the beginning of creation j Cock a-doodle-doo 1 him that ar'nb born to be hanged, won't be hanged, no-how !'' then running to Edith, who sat watch ing his proceeding with silent amaze ment, he flung himself on his knees seized the hem of her riding-habit, which ho kissed with the favour of an adorer, exclaiming with a vehement sincerity, that made the whole action still more strangely ludicrous, ' Oh ! you splendiferous creatur' ! you angel iferous angel ! here am I, Ralph Stack polo the Screamer, that can whip all Kentucky, white, black, mixed, and Injun ; and I'm the man to go with you to the end's of the 'arth, to fight, flip. work, hfior and Nf«nl Iioi-kps for you ! I am, and you may make a little dog of me ; you may, or a niggur or a lioss, or door-post, or a back-log, or a dinner, — 'tarnal death to me, but you ma}' cat me ! I'm the man to feel a favour, partiokelarly when it comes to helping me out of a halter ; and so jist say tho word who I shall lick, to begin on ; for I'm your slave jist as much as that niggur, to go with you, as I said afore, to the ends of tho 'arth, and the length of Kentucky over ?' ' Away with you, you scoundrel and jackanapes,' said Roland, for to this ( ardent expression of gratitude Edith was herself too much frightened to reply. ' Stranger,' cried the offended horse-thief, ' you cut the halter ; and so, though you did it only ort hard axing, I'd take as many hard words of you as you can pick out of a diction ary — I will 'tarnal death to me. But as for madam thar, the angel, she saved my life, and I go mv death in her sarvice ; and now's§'the time to show sarvice, for thar's danger abroad iu tho forest.' Danger ! ' echoed Roland, his anxiety banishing tho disgust with' which- ho was so much inclined to re gard the worthy horse-thief ; ' what makes you say. that !' ' Stranger,' replied Ralph, with a lengthened visage and a gravity some what surprising for him, ' I seed the Jibbenainosay, 'tarnal death to me, but I seed him as plain as ever I seed old Salt. I war a-hanging thar, and squeaking and cussing, and talking soft nonsense to tho pony, to keep him out of his tantrums, when what should I see but a great crittur como trampiug through the forest, right off yander by the fallen oak, with a big b'ar beforo him ? ' ' Pish !' said the soldier, ' what has this to do with danger 1 ' ' Beca'se and beca'se,' said Ralph, ' when you see the Jibbenainosay, thar's always abbregynes in the cover. I never seed the crittur before, but I reckon it war he, for thar's nothing liko him in natur'. And so I'm for cutting tiut of tho forest jist on the track of a streak of lightning, — now^he'yar, now thar, but on a full run without stopping. And so, if angoliferous madam is willing, thump me round tho 'arth with a crab-apple, if I don't help her out of the bushes, and do all her lighting into the bargain,- I will, 'tarnal death to mc !' ' You may go about your business,' said Roland, with as much sternness as contcnipt. ' 'We will have none of your base company.' ' Whoop ! wlioo, whoo, wlioo ; don't rifle me, for I'm dangerous 1' yelled the demibarbarian, springing on his stolen horse, and riding up to Edith. ' Say the word, inarm,' lie cried ; II for I'll fight for you, or run for you, take scalp or cut stick, shako fist or show light, anything in reason or out of reason. Stranger thar's a brush as a now hound in a b'ar fight, orayonug boss in a corn-held, and no sate mend in a forest. Say the word, inarm, — or if you think it ar'nt manners to speak to a stranger, jist shako your little finger, and I'll follow like a dog, and do your dog's sarvice, I (10 BE CONTINUED ) 