CRICKET CLUB CONCERT. The second annual concert in connection with the liosebery Cricket Clnb took place on Friday evening last in the Temperance Hall, Napier-street. In the absence of His Worship the M lyor, through pressure of busi ness, Mr. J. 1). Low took the chair, there being about 300 present. The accompaniments throughout were ably played by Miss Evans. Mr. Butterlield recited " Moloney's Cat" which was ridiculous, his eccentricities amusing the children, but he was heard to better advantage later on in the comic song "The Thirsty Man," Miss Melvillesang " The Sweetest Story Ever Told," and "Ivillarney" in a very taking and pleasing manner. Jack Edwards in '-So did I," and-the "Farm Yard " merited the well earned applause he received. Mr. Manks in the "Yeoman's Wedding" and "Jack's the king of all" showed him to be the possesser of a beautiful bass voice. Miss Gus Hewitt danced a sailor's hornpipe and highland fling in a splendid manner. Miss Ettie M'Pherson with " Dear Heart," was the best rendered item on the programme, whilst her brother H. M'Pherson in " You've got a long way to go," had to respond to an encore. Mr. T. I Buddell, although suffering from a 6evere cold, pleased the audience with his Yen trilcqual Act, Bert Chapman, with hi3 "Auto Harp," and " Fairy Bells " selections showed him to be a master of both instruments. Will Kosengrave gave a splendid exhibition of club swinging. This performer 6tands unparalleled in this class of items. Mr. W. Kamsay recitcd " Tommy on Ghosts " and "A Boy's essay on cats," the latter in rcspoiiEeto a well merited encore. Mr. Will HoviB, in his comic items and in the farce entitled "Oysters" showed him to be the best of amateur of Will Whitburn's class. A word of pr.iise is due to the energetic secre taries, Messrs J. II. King and A. T, Charles, and a hard working committee for the excellence of their programme. After the performance light refreshments were served out to llie performers and their friends; a point that other concert promoters could well take a note of, a very pleasant half hour being spent. 