OLD TIME MEMORIES. FISHER'S GHOST. THE LEGEND OF CAMPBELL- TOWN. (By G. B. Barton.) The story of Fisher's ghost has often been told, but seldom with regard to fact. It has been included in the col- lection published in England under the title of 'News From the Invisible world.' In 'Longmans' Magazine' Mr. Andrew Lang, connoisseur in ghosts, selects it for special notice, and asks, "Does any Australian archaeologist know whether a report of the trial ex- ists in the'archives of Sydney?" In my narrative I have endeavored to give the facts as they appear in the judge's notes of the trial and other contempor- ary records. Campbelltown in 1826 was a village 34 miles from Sydney, with a church and a courthouse, the Forbes Inn, etc. The population was composed mainly of ticket-of-leave settlers living on farms. There were a few gentlemen farmers, who had taken up grants of two or three thousand acres, and who employed con- vict labor, making most of their profit out of contracts with the Commissariat Department for the supply of meat and grain. One of the most prosperous of the small settlers was Frederick Fisher, ticket-of- leave holder. By thrift and industry he had acquired considerable property in the shape of land and live stock. He was unmarried, and lived with George Worrell, another farmer, who, though not so well educated as himself, acted as his agent and overseer. Worrell had made himself completely master of Fisher's affairs, knew to a penny what he was worth, and was looked upon by their neighbours as his man of business. In fact, he was so much master of the situation that he learned to look on Fisher as an unnecessary figure. He suggested to Fisher more than once that he should take a trip to the old country and see his friends, telling him that he could depend on his affairs being well looked after during his absence. Fis- her, unlike most of his class, felt no yearning to revisit the scenes of his childhood; the recollections were not pleasant ; and he could not bring him- self to relinquish the daily routine of his life. So he decided to remain. Worrell, nevertheless, gave it out that Fisher was thinking of going home short- ly, and might be away for years. At this time Fisher was putting up in the township a brick building, which he intended to use as a store. While the work was going on the bricklayers and other mechanics used to spend their winter evenings in Worrell's kitchen. On June 17 Fisher came in about dusk, and one of the men having hinted that they would like a drink, he gave him a dollar to get some rum at the public- house. Four men took up their hats and went out together. Fisher went with them. He was in the habit of strolling about the farm of an evening to look at things before he "turned in," and he was frequently seen sitting on a top rail smoking. After a while one of the four men came back, and asked for Fisher, and when he was told that he had not returned, he said, "I wish, he would come in, as I want another dol- lar." Fisher did not return, nor was he ever seen again alive. Worrell said nothing next morning about his friend's absence. The men were not asked whe- ther they had seen anything of Fisher, nor was his absence mentioned to the police. Things went on as usual. When anyone happened to ask Wor- rell what had become of Fisher, he would say that he had gone to Sydney and taken his passage in the ship Lord Saint Vincent for England. No ship of that name had entered the harbor. The most inquisitive neighbor was Coddington, a farmer at Bunbury Cur- ran. He was overseer for Daniel Cooper, senior partner in the big firm of Cooper and Levy, ship-owners and merchants, and uncle of the present Sir Daniel, at that time a little boy living with his parents at Boltcon, in Lanca- shire. About three weeks after Fisher's disappearance, Coddington called at Worrell's farm, when Worrell offered to sell him a young horse. Knowing that it had belonged to Fisher, Coddington. said, "By-the-bye, where is Fisher ?" "Oh, he has left the country with £300 in his pocket. It's a secret his going; but I intend to see Cooper my self shortly, and inform him of it. A chaise came for him in the night, and he went away suddenly and privately. No one knew anything about it but my- self, and I promised to say nothing." In this way Worrell tried to make the matter look mysterious, implying that there was a very good reason for Fisher's going ; in fact, that he had "bolted." "Well," said Coddington, "I'd like to see the authority for selling the horse. I suppose you've got it?" "Yes," said Worrell, "I have Fisher's receipt for it, and will show it to you. He went in for it, but returned and said he could not find it just then, but would have it ready for Coddington next time he came that way. Two days afterwards Coddington cal- led to see the authority, when Worrell produced a receipt for £130 for "three mares and a horse-cloth." It was not Fisher's handwriting, and, although he said nothing about that, he declined to buy. Coddington wrote to Cooper, and mentioned what Worrell had said. A week afterwards he met Hammond, a settler, in Campbelltown, and their talk turned on Fisher's disappearance. Both had known him well, and had been in the habit of seeing him frequently. Hammond mentioned that Worrell had offered to sell him some boards, saying that "they must be taken away im- mediately," for fear of an execution be- ing put in by one of his creditors. And when Worrell was asked why Fisher had gone away, he said, "Because he was afraid of a prosecution for forgery." Hammond and Coddington exchanged confidences, and agreed in thinking Worrell's conduct was suspicious. Some days after this Hammond and Worrell went to Sydney. Worrell was at this time in full possession of all Fisher's property — land, houses, horses, and the old gig in which, he used to drive about the country. They put up at the Dog and Duck Inn, on Brickfield Hill. The day after their arrival Worrell called on Cooper, and said, "I want to know. Mr. Cooper, the exact amount of the balance due by Fisher on the land in Campbelltown he bought from you ; and if you'll give me the title deeds I'll pay the money. I have a written power of attorney to act for him." "Can you let me see it?" "Yes, I can, but I haven't brought it with me." ''But where is Fisher, Mr. Wor- rel? Is it true that he has left the country or not? You ought to know." ''I don't know anything about it, Mr. Cooper, except that he left my house one night suddenly about a month ago. I expect he had something on his mind at the time, but he didn't tell me what it was." Not feeling satisfied, Cooper pressed Worrell on the subject, but could not get a direct answer. At last Worrell said, "I suppose all you want is your money ; if you'll give me the papers, I'll pay." "I haven't got them here ; my solici- tor, James Norton, has them. I'll see him about them." This conversation made the merchant feel very suspicious. The manner in which Worrell spoke showed that there was something more in it than he cared to disclose. It was very improbable that Fisher would have gone away in such a fashion — sneaking out of the country as if he wanted to evade his creditors, when to Cooper's certain knowledge he was clear of debt and per- fectly solvent. Cooper had done busi- ness with Fisher for four years, and had always found him prompt in settling his accounts. Nor was Fisher likely to have run the risk involved in returning from transportation before the term of his sentence had expired. Cooper saw Norton, to whom he repeated the con- versation he had just had. "Worrell evidently knows something that he won't tell ; his manner is extra- ordinary. What can it be? Did Fisher take his papers away from you?" Norton called in his conveyancing clerk, and asked him the question. "No, he has not been at the office for some months." As the papers had been left for the purpose of having a conveyance made out from Norton to Fisher, Cooper and Norton agreed that it was hardly likely he would have gone on a long voyage without having that matter settled be- fore he left, especially if he wanted money. "There's another thing," said Cooper. "My overseer at Campbelltown tells me that Worrell has been trying to sell Fisher's horses and other things, and has been giving out that Fisher had to leave in a hurry, for fear of a prosecu- tion. I can't believe that of him." The lawyer saw the suspicious side of the case quickly, but as there was no- thing tangible to go upon he thought that they should wait and see what might turn up. "If there has been foul play," he said, "depend upon it, murder will out." Cooper had hardly got back to his office, when in walked Hammond. The news of the district was discussed, and of course Fisher's disappearance. Ham- mond related what had passed between himself and Worrell, and his conversa- tions with Coddington, etc. The strang- est thing was that no one could guess what had become of Fisher. Not a trace could be found. Everyone who knew him had been making search; so had the district police; but no two could agree in a theory as to the cause and manner of his disappearance. Of course Worrell had friends who suppor- ted his theory. "I suppose Fisher has been mur- dered," said Cooper. "More than you suspect it," replied Hammond. When Hammond went back to the "Dog and Duck" he found Worrell in the parlor, drinking pretty freely with other farmers, and looking excited. They dined together, and afterwards had a little conversation, in the course of which Hammond told Worrell what Coo- per had said. Worrell tried to pass the matter off as something too absurd to talk about, but the laugh sounded hol- low, and there was a change of color in his face. "Worrell, if you do know anything about Fisher, you had better tell it. It's no use trying to conceal a thing when you know that people are determined to find it out." "I tell you, Hammond, he has left the colony, and that's all I know, as God's above me. You needn't bother your head any more about him ; he's near England now." After their return to Campbelltown Hammond had occasion to see Worrell about some horses. Worrell admitted that they had belonged to Fisher, but added, ''He's on the water now, and I have authority to act," at the same time time producing a receipt. Having seen Fisher write frequently, Hammond had no hesitation in saying, "That's not his handwriting, Worrell; it's a forgery." "Fisher gave it to me, at any rate." "Then it must have been to trick you." Hammond suspected that it had been written by someone in Worrell's service, at his dictation, for he was under the impression that Worrell could not write. At that moment Worrell happened to rise and walk across the room ; and as he walked, the tight fit of his trousers and their peculiar cut, attracted Ham- mond's notice. He remembered having seen Fisher in them, and as Fisher was much, smaller than Worrell who was a tall muscular man of 36 — the trousers made Worrell look more awkward than he was aware of. Hammond made no remark. When three months had passed Coo- per called on his legal adviser. Norton agreed that nothing was to be gained by longer delay, and suggested that they should first see the principal superintendent of police, Captain Rossi. That gentleman had already heard a good deal. The superintendent at Campbelltown, William Howe, had men- tioned it in his reports to the Sydney office. Rossi thought that the best thing was to offer a reward ; and that course being approved, the three gentle- men proceeded to the Colonial Secre- tary's office, in Bridge-street. When they were admitted into Alexander McLeay's presence, that learned entomo- logist put aside a bundle of manuscript notes on some new species of lepidop- tera. The object of their visit was ex- plained. McLeay directed Rossi to write out an official notice, offering £20 reward. A few days afterwards a no- tice appeared in the Sydney "Gazette" in these terms: — "Supposed Murder. 'Whereas Frederick Fisher, by the ship Atlas, holding a ticket of leave, and lately residing at Campbelltown, has disappeared within the last three months, it is hereby notified that a re- ward of £20 will be given for the dis- covery of the body of the said Frederick Fisher ; or, if he shall have quitted the colony, a reward of £5 will be given to any person or persons who shall produce proof of the same. ''By His Excellency's command. Alex. McLeay Colonial Secretary's Office, Septem- ber 22, 1826." Discussion got a fresh start. Instead of being talked about guardedly, in whis- pers, the matter was openly and loudly canvassed. The universal impression was that it was a case of murder. Wor- rell soon noticed the altered tone and - manner in which people spoke to him ; but he maintained an air of indiffer- ence . The reward offered was a much larger sum in those days than it seems now. Yet day after day passed without any sign revealing itself. The men who were in Worrell's kitchen on the night of the - 17th of June spoke positively about Fisher's coming in and going out, so that the hour and almost the moment, when he was last seen alive, could be fixed to a certainty. Their statements, indeed, made them objects of suspicion, and Worrell was not slow in taking advant- age of the handle they gave him. "If Fisher was murdered," he said, "they ought to be able to say something about it — they saw the last of him." This seemed reasonable, although it did not agree with his statement about the chaise that had come for Fisher in the night, and taken him to Sydney. A month after the first publication of the notice an extraordinary statement was made by Farley, one of the settlers. He said that while driving home from Campbelltown on the previous night he passed a corner of the paddock that had belonged to Fisher, adjoining Worrell's farm, about fifty yards from his house. As he passed he saw the figure of a man — to all appearances Fisher — seated on the top rail of the fence. Taking it to be Fisher come back, he went up to speak ; but as he approached the figure rose from the fence, waved its right arm in the direction of a small creek, nearly dry, running through the paddock, and disappeared, apparently following the windings of the channel. Horror-struck at the sight — for he now believed he had seen a spirit — he drove on as fast as he could, and on reaching his home related what he had seen to his wife. At her instance, Farley next day re- peated the statement to Howe, the superintendent of the police, who took him before the Rev. Thomas Reddall, who was also a justice of the peace. Far- ley was so well-known to be an honest man that he escaped the imputa- tions which would otherwise have been cast on him. Mr. Reddall placed so much, faith in the story that he informed his brother magistrates privately about it at the next meeting of the bench. Though some of them were inclined to laugh, they concurred in issuing an order to the police to make careful search, beginning at the spot pointed out by Farley, and following the creek to where the figure disappeared. They ordered that Gilbert, a black-tracker attached to the police station, should be added to the search party. On October 31, Constables Newlands and Roche, taking the black with them, proceeded to the spot. On reaching the paddock corner, they ex- amined the top-rail described by Farley. Gilbert pointed out that the wood was stained; and on scraping it with a knife he declared that the stains were made by blood. On the ground immediately beneath there was a slight trace of fire. From the fence they went on to the creek, and at a pool covered with scum. Gilbert took a leaf from a corn-stalk, passed it over the scum and put it to his nose. "White man's fat," he said. Then he led them up the creek till they came to a tributary running into it, and followed it up for about forty rods, where the ground became swampy. Taking the ramrod from his musket, Gilbert drove it into the ground, drew it out, smelt it, and again said, "White man's fat; dig there." The constables procured spades, and set to work at the spot. There was some indications of a grave, and in a few minutes they came upon a dead body. The features could not be recognised, owing to decomposi- tion, but in other respects the body was well preserved. The creek was after- wards found to be impregnated with alum. On getting one of the hands clear, Constable Newland said, "That's the hand of Frederick Fisher ; I will swear to it." He also recognised the body by its general appearance, and by the clothes. Leaving Roche in charge, Newland went back to inform Howe and the magistrates of the discovery, and to make arrangements for the inquest. A warrant was immediately issued for the arrest of George Worrell, and Burke, the chief constable, took him into cus- tody, telling him what had happened. At the same time he searched the place for any property belonging to Fisher that might be there, and seized all the papers he could find. When the coroner, accompanied by Surgeon Hill, came from Liverpool next morning, the body was taken up and examined. The skull was found fractured in several places, each fracture being sufficient to cause instant death. Hill also identified it as Fisher's; they came out in the same ship from England. Although there was very little doubt as to who was the murderer, the jury returned a verdict of "wilful mur- der against some person or persons un- known." When Worrell was brought before the Bench he made a declaration in which he accused the four men who were in his kitchen on the night of the 17th of June as the guilty persons. It did not make much impression on the magistrates, who committed him for trial at the next Criminal Sessions in Sydney. The event did not escape notice in the newspapers, but the accounts pub- lished hardly extended beyond a short paragraph. No mention was made by any of them of Farley's adventure. But the story had become well-known all over the district, and in Sydney also. One paper said that "the way in which the body was discovered was most ex- traordinary ;" another spoke of "the most miraculous discovery four months after the murder had been committed." The sagacity shown by Gilbert was enough in itself to make the story popu- lar. The trial took place in the Supreme Court, Sydney, on February 2, 1827, before Chief Justice Forbes and a mili- tary jury of six officers — as trial by jury was then carried on. The prosecution was conducted by Acting Attorney-Gene- ral Moore, and the defence by Rowe, an attorney. Prisoner's counsel was then not allowed to address the jury on his behalf. The Crown witnesses related all the facts, as they appear in the fore- going narrative. Only one witness was called for the defence — Boon, a settler, who stated that he had had dealings with Fisher in connection with which a dispute had arisen between them. He charged Fisher with having signed his (witness's) name to an agreement, but Fisher denied the charge. Boon said he believed that Fisher had forged his name, and he threatened to prosecute. The prisoner, he said, accounted to him for Fisher's disappearance by saying that he had run away in consequence of this threat. The Chief Justice held that the facts cast ''the burden of proof' on the pri- soner. He was bound to account for his possession of Fisher's property and for Fisher's absence. The confident manner in which he had spoken of Fisher's departure, and the ''secret" that he said was in it, all showed an intimate acquaintance, or a pretended one, with his movements. The statement made before the magistrates that Fisher had been killed by the four men could not be reconciled with his first story. It was at best but bare suspicion ; but, suppos- ing that there was any foundation for it, how came he, the friend of the murdered man, to make no inquiries, to take pos- session of his goods, to say that Fisher purposely quitted the colony to avoid pursuit, and that he held a power of at- torney, and to produce false receipts ? These things were not reconcilable with the natural course which he ought to have pursued under such extraordinary circumstances. The prisoner listened to the judge's charge, as he had listened to the evi- dence, without showing emotion. He did not seem much interested in the pro- ceedings ; one might have thought that they bored him. No one could have looked more indifferent when the jury retired, or less concerned when they re- turned, as they did in a very short time. ''Standing boldly forth," wrote a re- porter, "without betraying the slightest viable change of countenance, he heard the fatal verdict of guilty." With the same stolid look he saw the judge put on the black cap, and heard him pronounce the dreadful sentence, to be carried out within three days, and to be followed by dissection. Worrell was equally callous when he stood on the scaffold in front of the old gaol, off Lower George-street, and found himself in the presence of an enormous crowd gathered together on the rocks immediately above. "With contracted brow and eyes im- movably fixed on the ground, he stood, both before and after he ascended the scaffold, firm and motionless, showing no symptom of remorse, or even of interest in the sacred rites which were being performed by the minister of religion.' He was attended by the Rev. William Cowper, of the Church of England, to whom he made confession. There was not much truth in the con- fession. He admitted that the declara- tion before the magistrates, implicating the four men, was wholly false, and that he himself had struck the fatal blows. He left the house, he said, on June 17 in Fisher's company, intending to spend the evening in the township. They were perfectly good friends, and had been so for a long time before. When they had walked together some forty rods he ob- served some stray horses among the wheat, and one being near he took up a rail lying on the ground and aimed a blow at it. He struck Fisher instead, by mischance, and felled him to the ground. Raising Fisher up, he found the man almost lifeless, and, being afraid to seek assistance, he watched until he died. Then he lifted and carried the body about fifty yards, till he came to some rushes growing in a marshy spot where he left it for the night. He returned to his home, where he found a jovial company of hard-working laborers assembled. "Ah!" he concluded, "the evening before this fatal occurrence I was happy. I could boast of being a free man. I had my two or three servants at command, and my orders were obeyed. But now, how can I dare to meet the face of an honest man !" He died with, this story on his lips, and left a name which will never be forgotten in the annals of Australian crime. Sensational as they were, the peculiar incidents of the case do not seem to have attracted at the time anything like the attention they have done in later years. The interest has steadily grown. The first narrative in which mention was made of the apparition appeared in R. Montgomery Martin's "History of the British Colonies," published in London in 1S35. He was practising as a physi- cian in Parramatta at the time of the murder, and being then engaged in col- lecting materials for his work, which in- cluded a study of the aboriginal race. Gilbert's performance evidently present- ed itself to his mind as an apt illustra- tion of their intelligence. Their success in following up a trail had led to their being employed as constables at country police stations for the capture of runaway prisoners. Martin's version of the affair presents some interesting variations. He says: — ''An instance of their keen sight and scent occurred when I was in New South Wales. A settler on the Great Western road was missing from his small farm. The convict overseer gave out that he had gone off privately to England, and left the property in his care. This was thought extraordinary, as the settler was not in difficulties, and was a steady, pru- dent individual. The affair, however, was almost, for- gotten when, one Saturday night, anoth- er settler was returning with his horse and cart from market. On arriving at a part of the fence on the road-side, near the farm of his absent neighbor, he thought he saw him sitting on the fence ; immediately the farmer pulled up his mare, got out of his cart, and went to- wards the fence. His neighbor, as he plainly appeared, quitted the fence, and crossed the field towards a pond in the direction of his home, which it was sup- posed he had deserted. The farmer thought it strange, remounted his cart, and proceeded home. "The next morning he went to his neighbor's cottage, expecting to see him, but only saw the overseer, who laughed at the story, and said that his master was then near England. The circum stance was so strange that the farmer went to the nearest justice of the peace, related the above, and stated that he thought foul play had taken place. A native black, who was (and I be- lieve still is) attached to the station as a constable, was sent with some of the mounted police, and accompanied the farmer to the rails where the latter thought he saw, the evening before, his deceased friend. The black was pointed out the spot, without showing him the direction which the lost person apparent- ly took after quitting the fence. On close inspection, a part of the upper rail was observed to be discolored. It was scraped with a knife by the black, smelt, and tasted. Immediately after he cross- ed the fence, and took a straight direc- tion for the pond near the cottage. On its surface was a scum which the black took up in a leaf, and, after tasting and smelling, he declared it to be "white man's fat." "Several times, somewhat after the manner of a bloodhound, he coursed round the lake; at last darted into the neighboring thicket, and stopped over a place containing some loose and decayed brushwood. On removing this, he thrust down the ramrod of the piece into the earth, smelt it, and then desired the spectators to dig there. Instantly spades were brought from the cottage, and the body of the absent settler was found, with hie skull fractured, and presenting every indication of having been some time immersed in water." Martin did not see any reason to doubt the story of the apparition. "The unac- countable manner," he added, "in which the murderer was discovered is one of the inscrutable dispensations of Provi- dence." As Martin was living in the neighborhood at the time, and writing under the responsibility of a historian, his testimony is entitled to weight. The story was told soon afterwards by an anonymous writer, who treated it in an essentially different style, but still with the same faith in the apparition. His narrative appeared in "Tegg's Monthly Magazine," published in Sydney in 1836, under the title of "Fisher's Ghost: A Legend of Campbelltown." The incidents were related on the autho- rity of local residents, with, little at- tempt to embellish them. "The princi- pal portions of the tale," said the writer, "may be relied on as strictly true. We leave others to solve the problem of the appearance of Fisher's ghost, contenting ourselves with simply telling the tale as it was told to us. Most of those con- cerned in the investigation of the affair are still alive, and can bear testimony to its truth." There are many points of difference between the magazine article and the facts as they appear in the report of the trial : but the narrative is substantially correct. The variations are such as might be expected where the writer had no better materials at his command than he could gather from the Campbell- town villagers. At the time he wrote, they would point out to visitors a large unfinished brick building, fast moulder- ing to decay, which seems to have been intended, at the time of its erec- tion, for a store. Its appearance, however, shows that, whatever may have been the intention in erecting it, some- thing must have intervened to prevent the accomplishment of the object. It is now rapidly falling into decay, and the freshness of the grass which covers the sward around it shows that, whatever the cause may be, the ruins are not much frequented by the inhabitants of the sur- rounding cottages." This little bit of description would have made a very good introduction for a ghost story, but it was probably an accurate sketch drawn from personal observations. Many years passed before the story was revived. John Lang, author of several popular tales founded on well known incidents in the early history of Botany Bay — where some years of his life were spent — was first in the field with his story of "The Ghost upon the Rail," published in 1859. This was quite a new version, and one in which the writer did not even pretend to follow facts, or to trouble himself about accuracy of de- tail. Under the influence of such treatment as this, the fine old legend would pro- bably have degenerated into a common- place ghost story, had not a second his- iorical writer come to its rescue. Like the renovator of an old painting, Mr. G. W. Rusden restored the chronicle to its original colors in his "History of Austra- lia," published in 1883. "It was a case," he said, "which was seriously considered in every household of the colony." By no means a credulous writer, and having lived in the country sufficiently near the time to test the tradition by personal inquiry, Mr. Rusden found no reason to doubt its truthfulness. Alluding to the garbled versions of it, he says in a foot- note : — "I have corrected current rumors by comparison with the words of a trustworthy informant, a medical man, who lived long in the neighborhood and attended Farley on his death-bed. He often conversed with Farley on the sub- ject of the vision which scared him." Mr. Rusden might have added that Farley never varied in his relation of the cir- cumstances. Another point on which Mr. Rusden agreed with the tradition was that "the apparition led to the search for the body." The blood-stains on the rail had previously escaped notice ; how did they come to be discovered more than four months after the murder? Unless there had been some indication to lead up to it, why should the search have been com menced at that particular spot ? No effort has succeeded in shaking the credit of Farley, though he was not called at the trial. "Nothing," says Mr. Rus- den, "was ever elicited to account for the vision which Farley described, or to sug- gest that he had previously suspected foul play on the part of Worrell and others." A suggestion to that effect was made by Mr. W. H. Suttor, in a ver- sion of the tale published in Bathurst in 1887\. "The murder," he said, "had probably been known to, or discovered by Farley, and he then invented the whole story to ease his conscience of a burden too heavy to carry any longer." The question has often been asked, ''Why was Farley not called as a wit- ness ?" The answer is, as Mr. Rusden says, that ''references to the apparition could not be alluded to in a court of jus- tice, nor be adduced as evidence." For a similar reason, no doubt, Mr. Reddall, who was called to prove that he heard the preliminary charge against Worrell, said nothing about the ghost, or Farley's mention of it when he made his state- ment. Worrell, it should be mentioned, was twice arrested. On the first occa- sion there was no evidence against him. The second arrest was made after Farley's report. — Melbourne "Australasian." 