POINTED PARS. An offer has been made to the Graf ton Council to lay down a tramway and run trauiB in that town. The output of the N.S.W. Creamery Butter Company's Bega factory for December was about 30 tons. The estate of the late Mr. Byrnes, Premier of Queensland, has been sworn for probate at under £20,000. Mr. O. Street, of Ballina Superior Public School, hap won a half scholar ship, with entitles hi id to University training. A Court of Review for the hearing of apptals in respect of Income Tax will be held at the Grafton Court House on March 9th. Harry Hill, a younger brother of Clem. Hill, in a cricket match between the Adelaide steamship companies, made 123 (retired), and took three wickets. Mr. John See, M.L.A., has been elected President of the Royal Agricul tural Society of N.S.W. without opposition. This will be Mr, See's seventh year for this position. Ulmarra factory commenced butter making last Monday. The whole of the machinery works splendidly, and the article produced will compare favorably with any other throughout the colonv, if not the world. Mr. W. T. Stead, writing of Bis marck, considers it the one redeeming point in his character 'that he believed in ghosts ! and believed in God.' A Syrian girl, aged 18, who for years had held a hawker's license in this colony, was last week refused a renewal, because she was under age. Large petroleum wells have been discovered in British Borneo, a few days sail from Australia. It can be landed here at about half the cost of Amerioau oilB, 1000 men drafted last year into the police force of N.S.W. averaged 6ft 11$ inches in height. There are many j new. men in the ' force ' of 6ft 2in. in height. A son of Mr. Eagle was lost during a dust-storm near filenindie for three days. He was found to be none the worse for his experience. Nice place, Menindie to stay away from. A Chinese jockey won several races at Omeo (Vio.) recently, and Ah Sam (another Chow) rode two wins and secured four places out of b»x starts at Cpbungra (Vic.) in one day, * Some time ngo there came from the backblocks an applicant for appoint ment to the N.S.W. police force, whose height was 6ft 8 inches, and who ; was a typical l.ushmaa. He proved too Urge an order, however. Kiatna presents a special object lesson for legislators. In that town houses are being pulied down* to escape the taxation which hat-blind legislation places upon improvements. A .Camel team last week arrived ' from ? Broken Hill with merchandise. UnleBB rain fall it is expecteds camels will have to be used for carrying the mails. The stages are too long for horses. During the holidays the Education Department was besieged by teachers, from pli parts of the coiony, ail anxious lor repiovaiB to oniter scnoois. Wireless telegraphy is an assured fact. Front a station at Poole, in England, messages are sent to Alum Bay, in the Isle of Wight 18 miles distant; and replies are received, night or day, and either' in foggy or olear weather. Constable Kelly, the strongest police officer in Victoria, who stands 6ft 2in in height^ and weighing 21 stone, has challenged Sampson, the strong man, to feats of strength. Dr. Solf, a Judge of Dar- es.Salam, in German East Africa, ha s been appointed to succeed Dr. Raffel 