MISCELLANY. Visionary Fruit.-The apple of the eye. Nature's First-Born.-The sun and air. "Punch." . The Best Chest-Protectors.-Locks that cannot be picked. A Man Who Sticks at Nothing.-One who tries to bayonet a ghost. -0 When a woman tries to capture a wealthy hus band, she evidently believes liis means will justify her ends. What He Put On.-Scene-Barber's shop. Ton sorial artist, surveying his victim-"Your hair is getting very thin, sir." Victim-"Yes-I've been treatng it with anti-fat. I never liked stout hair." Artist-"You really should put something on it." Victim-"So I do-every morning." Artist-"May I ask what?" Victim-"My hat." -o Mr. S., a noted American, was approached for contributions to a deserving cause, but he was not in the giving vein. Clever cajolery induced him to say finally that he would help a little, and his eagle eye was cast hurriedly over the list. One of the first signatures he saw was, "Mrs. S., fifty dol lars." "What's this?" he said; "you have been to see my wife? Very good." With that he scratched out the "s" in "Mrs." and added "and wife," making tUc signature read-"Mr. S. and wife, fifty dollars." Handing back the list he re marked, "There, my good fellow, I am glad Mrs. S. and I are able to help you to that extent." Both for Gott.-There is a story with reference to the appointment of the Rev. Dr. Gott to the Bishopric of Truro, which, though not new, is worth repeating. The Marquis of Salisbury had been in consultation with the Queen on State mat ters. As he was packing up his portfolio previous to leaving the Royal presence, he asked, "And the See of Truro, your Majesty!"' "Ah," said the Queen-"for the moment I had forgot!" "Quite so, your Majesty; if you will graciously pardon the interruption," put in the Premier, "that's the very person I would suggest." "Did I mention a name?" inquired the Queen, somewhat puzzled. "Your Majesty," replied the noble Marquis, "ob served that 'you had forgot.' I would suggest that the Bishopric of Truro should be 'for Gott,' late of Leeds." At a recent inspection of recruits, the German Emperor asked one of them his name, and was told "Andree." On his Majesty asking him if he was aware that he had a famous namesake, the soldier answered in the affirmative. "Who told you that?'* asked the Emperor. "My captain, your Majesty." "And what did your captain tell you about Andree?" "Your Majesty, the captain said that he only wished Andree had taken me with him!" -o Mother-"I'd just like to know who this young man is you have engaged yourself to." Daughter -"Oh, lie comes of a splendid family." Muther -"Does his family object to the match V" Daugh ter-"Y-e-s." Mother-"Then 1 guess he's all right."-"Puck." Bishop Day, who has just announced his resig nation of his see at the age of eighty-three, was the first bishop appointed after the passing of the Irish Church Disestablishment Act. A contem porary recalls Whately's conundrum on the sub ject. "Why are the people of Dublin so incuii sistcnt?" "Bccauce they go to Day for a sermon, and to Morrow for a novel." Probable!-Jack-"I wonder how it was first dis covered that fish was a brain food?" Jill-"Pro bably by the wonderful stories that men tell win go fishing." ?-0 End of the Suit.-Mr. Jones-"What! You don" mean to say you're going to wear that bathing' suit in public'/" Mrs. Jones-"Certainly; it's per. fectly modest. Mrs. Brown has one just like it." Mr. Jones-"She has? By Jove! I'll come down to the shore every day and watch her." Mrs. Jones-"Oil, you wretch! you just let me catch you watching that shameless creature and I'll go right home to my mother."-"I'uck." Proud father, surveying his new-born:-"Don't you think he looks like meV" Jealous visitor "Yes, poor little thing!" The Best he Could Say.-Mrs. Tawkfast-'"John, dear, if I should die would you follow me to heaven?" Mr. Tawkfast-"Yes, my dear; at least I should inquire for you there."-"Judge." A mason applied to a Newcastle builder for em ployment, and was referred to the foreman. "Well," asked that worthy, "whor did ye wark last?" "Oli, Aa wes on for mescl!" . riicn vou will liev mved money?" "Hardlies! .V . see'u irned mebbies tliree pund a week for bit; then Ihe next week Aa might myek nowt ior ;i month!" -o "Warm and Filling."-A botanist was .in a col lecting expedition in New Zealand, an.i lost his wav in the fern-scrub. After spending: - night in the open, without either supper or bit-.-: - fast, ex cept a few berries, about noon the folh wing day be came with joy upon a cluster of in live huts belonging to a friendly Maori ehief. Ti e entire family was away from home, and not scrap of food was discoverable, except a bowl of milk, but, hanging upon the wall of one of the huts was what the collector took to be a string . . dried fungi of an edible species about the size < f a bis cuit. Of these, with the milk, some and salt, lie soon made a steaming stew, and, a though the fungi proved tough, leathery, and si ; cry to a degree, they were warm and filling. 1 ' j had lie finished before the old chief return-.1, aT apologised profusely for the absence of l" "1 '[), botanist explained that he had inanat'fd : 1 ,nalj'j a meal with the milk and mushrooms! Maori threw up his hands in dismay. ' . V. he cried, "you've destroyed rny trophies.' eaten all my enemies' ears" Outrageous!-Flossie-"Why did Pick ""'?'j so curly last night, Polly V" Polly-'l,l'[ he had a few words." Flossie-"liow was l'":V _ I'oUy-"Well, Dick was kissing me wliei. fat. came into the room." Flossie-"And what <J'a " sayf" I'olly-"He said, 'Sir, thiB is ouUagr'f"®; Flossie-"^nd Dick-what dfd he say." |»'l}b. "Oh, he replied, 'Ye», Un't itf Kindly oblige oj knocking before you enter next timet' " 