[ALL , RIG S RESEnVOD,J OUT OF' THE BEATEN TRACK. "Jam, I say-Jem, old man, rouse up." The, speaker, a well-knit, broad-shouldered young fellow, bent anxiously over the pros trate form before him. " I believe the rascals have pretty nearly finished him up," he muttered, as he peered into the white face and strove in the fast gathering twilight to discover the extent of the damage that had been done to his friend, Jem Ashton. They were on a walking tour through the South Western Highlands of Scotland, and scorning to keep to the beaten track had been set upon, after a long day's tramp, by two men, relieved of their knap sacks and the contents of their pockets, and left to their fate in this wild, little fre quented glen, exposed to the full fury of an oncoming storm. A well aimed blow had quickly stretched " Lanky Jem," as his friends called hitm, senseless on the ground, leaving his more stalwart companion, Hal Chester, to deal single-handed with their adversaries. There was a desperate tussle before he was worsted, to which a black eye and the torn and dirty condition of his clothes bore eloquent witness; but the ... .ildd'`"were too strong against him, the men made off with their booty, and Hal was left in a bruised and battered condition beside his fellow-victim. He fetched water in his cap from the mountain torrent hard by, and, to his intense relief, Jem presently gave vent to a languid: " Stop that; you're drowning me." Then he sat up and looked about him in a dazed sort of fashion, till his eyes rested oh Hal's face, when he went off into a hrearty guffaw, whichl relieverc the other's mind from any further anxiety--no half-dead man could laugh like that. •' I txpect they have spoilt my beauty for me pro tern.," he saidt. good- humouredly, as he helped dncm to his feet. " If you feel equal to walking, old chap, we had better be pushing, on, for t don't. altogether fancy a night's lodging on the cold ground in this plight." " Oh, yes; l'm lit enough. But those ras cals have mlade a clean sweep of it, and no mistake. They haven't even left sme my 'bacey. Have you any notion whereabouts we are? " " Not the slightest. It's about as deso late ia spot as one could well findo, that's all I know; but as we have not passed a single cottage since we turned off the road,the most sensible phul will be to go ahead until we can find shelter of some sort. WVhew! how stinging cold it is," as a blast of wind cantme surging down the narrow pass, driving the rain and sleet full in their faces. They struggled on, Hal beguiling thie time with a vivid description of his vain attempt to de fend their property. It was hard work picking their way amongst the rough stones ann hlts, f rock, in the teeth of the gale; and when tihe glen widened, and they found themselves once Inore in the open country, it was not much better, exposed as they were to the full fury of the wind. It was quite dark by now. Between the showers the moon peeped forth at intervals from the dense masses of swiftly-drifting clouds; but it was not a moon worthy of tihe name, looking out reluctantly from its cloudy shield, and shed disng little or no light on the surrounding landscape. Jem Ashton pulled up short with a spasmodic gasp. " I can't hold out much longer, Hal. The crack t hat fellow g-ave me must have damaged my head more than [ thought. There seems to be a building of some sort over there to the left. If you don't mind stopping a bit, I'll juste get my wind before we go furthler." A shadowy gleams of moonlight shewed Hal what eesmedto be like a roughly built chapel some yards ahead. Putting his arm through ,lem's, hoe half led, half dragged him to the builtling, and left him leaning against a broken down gate, whilst lihe felt his way round in search of a spot that might per chance afford them some slight shelter from the biting wind. Presently he came to a door, antd feeling cautiously along, found, to Ihis joy, that it was ajar. "Jem," he called, as he made his way back to his companion, " it's no good trying to push on further to-night. By good luck somebohdy Ilas been careless over the fasten ing of this dour, and it has blown open. Let's take refuge till dayligllt, at all events." The other willingly agreeing, they groped their way in, and wearied out with battling against the elements, dropped exhausted on the nearest bench. " We must get on with the first gleam of daylight," Jem panted, " or we shall pay for this rest with a sharp touch of rheumatic fever." " Right you are. We will make a move as soon as you have a leg to stand on. If only those rascally beggars had left our flasks, there would have been a chance of getting some warmth into one: but, as it is, one can! only long for the unattainable." " WVnder if there is a cottage anywhere near." "Bound to come to some before long. This seems to be a chapel, from what I could see from the outside. It would be no good a parson preaching unless he had a flock to listen to him; and flocks must have some kind of a shanty over their heads." " Theygo awful long distances sometimes to their preeious kirks, though." " You're a nice Job's comforter." Then silence fell upon them as they sat huddled together for warmth in a corner of the bench? Tlle wind had droiped, but the rain still beat pitilessly against thle windows, making them thankful for even the sorry comfortof the dismal chapel and hard bench. At length Jem said: " Do you hear a peculiar sound ?" "Yese, rain." came the sleepy answer. Another long silence. Then Jem spoke again. ' It's not rain. There is another noise, quite distinct: a sort of soft pattering." " Nats, mice." was the laconic reply. " And a kind of moaning eousdl," p"iistsled Jem. strainmna forward to listen more in tently. " Why, man - alive, you're not afraid of ghoests, surely!" aud, raising his voice. Hal S a : clled in a moekingtone :i .Pray, don't be agitoted on our accounti ye unquiet spirits of tile dleplrtel. We shall obe thankful if you will deign to vinit us, andl Ihelp wile away the weary iloure." A rustling sound followedt this speech. · .iHal. you haven't matclh anywihcre about you. 1 sluppoOe ?'" faltcred leom. " 1iygood fellow, tlrl wis lly frit-rtd. of the glen have left ute abshlttls y noshing but aI half-sovernign whicsh hadI kilsily lodged it self in the linin?e of sty I-,,ckel, and -o es caped their notice.' As he spokesomethlintg br.lshetl I;,i tl'IlL. Jem touched hIis arr! convol.i-ly. ' Didnot you feel a t usth ?" 1I. whistlpered. " Can't say I dlid; but v:ry likely you felt a bat." " Bate don't walk upright:. I felt some thing tread on my foe:t and touch my clbow as it horried past." Hal began to aeriously speculate as to whether the knock on the head Iadt upset hIis friend's equilibrium. " Allfancy," he said, sootlhingly. " You are faint for food and just about dead beat. You wait hero till I make my way to the nearest cottage, get some food, and bring it back to you. I really think it will be the best plan. You are not fit to walk another yard as you arc, and we shall b,tl catch our deaths of cold if wr wait in this wretched hole till dawn." Jem felt ahamrrd to own that he strongly objected to keeping a lonely vigil in such a place, and had just agreed to the plan, when once more the mysterious moaning was heard, and a wan ray of moonlight, shining through the window opposite, made a slowly widening patch of dim, misty light. Across this patch a shadowy form was seen to flit, followed by another and another. Then the moon was overshadowed, and all was shrouded in darkness. But Jem had seen enough. " I can't stop here. It's-uncanny." he groaned. hurrying his companion to the door,. which he banged behind him'rvith a clang that would 'have. aroused the Seven Sleepers themselves. ' Poor chap, that blow must certainly have upset him. I always did cay he out grew his strength,and could not stand much," thought Hal cormpassonately; for he had been stooping to fasten his boot whren tile moon shone forth for that moment, : o had not observed the vision which had been the climlax to his friend's ideas of unearthly visitants. " Feel better after the rest ?" he remarked cheerily, as they trudged along. " est!' In that place? i have always laughed at the bare idea of spirits- " " You take pretty kindly to the Scotch man's beverage," put in H:al drily. " Oh! shut up. you know what I mean. But after to-night's experience I'll -." He pauosd. " \\\'ell ?" ' I'll be hange-I if I know what to think." " Phaw ! You're as nervous us a school. girl. If you had seen anything, now, it would have been different; but to get in a blue funk because an owl screcches and rats scamper about, it's--" " But I did see something." " Oh! lie's going oil it!" thought Hal. " By all the powers, that's surely a lantern I see moving in the distance," he said aloud. " Hullo there!" " Hullo!" came an answering shout, and the light moved quickly towards them. It proved to be a man who" had been putting up his horse after a late jaunt to the nearest town, and on hearing of their plight lie will ingly consented to pilot them to an inn a little further down the road. The next morning Hal was greatly delighted to find his companion suffering from nothing worse than a bad cold. " I say, old follow, I have found out all about your ghosts," he exclaimed later on in the day, spreading his numbed trands to the fire, beside which he had persuaded Jem to remain. " I went to have *a look at that chapel just now, and when the man who took me opened the door we found some deer trotting about. They had evidently taken refuge from the storm last night ; you shut thermn in, and there they were waiting to get out, poor beasts.' 