L.ADIKH' OOJÜLTMN ENGLISH LÏ.TFKB. Soon we theil hara to begin to talk about those half-yearly blessings so dear to a feminine heart-the salas ; theoga wa seam only jost to have finished disposing of the purchases made by os at the winter sales. I know for a fact that the means of baring delightfully up-to-date materials will be ready to band for us, because I hare in ter rie wed certain authorities on the snbjeot, and, therefore, this week I hare baan Batting down various models, which will be conven ient for using the materials which we shall inevitably acquire during these exciting times, and also for fitting us out wall for the holidays, when it is a duty, as well as a pleasure, to attire ourselves in the freshest and daintiest style possible. And knowing that muslins will be among the articles which we shall aeoure, I want to tell you of some of the most stylish modes which 1 saw for the Goodwood races. . . . One of the most attractive of these was a large -patterned cerise and white muslin, made np over a foundation of the «ame î brilliant shade. Bather startling, you will say; but though, perhaps, it may sound absurd, I must tell you that the impression lt made on me was that there was too much of it to be startling. The whole äffest was good. The skirt boasted two deep flounces, one above the other, and the upper one was headed by four rows of cerise and white ribbon, very narrow, and gathered into the usual little ruohe. The under, or lower, flounce was only allowed tero rows of the trimming, and eaoh was bordered frith lace. . * . The bodice had its little peculiarity, aa every self-respecting bodice must have nowadays. Instead of everyone being alike in garments of one prevailing out and shade, it is considered good form to have your own distinctiveness, and a woman who would have the courage and also the position to sst the fashion of oarrying her hat by its strings instead of wearing it on her head, would be bailed by an admiring crowd, delighted at finding something original. . . . Well, you have not forgotten the gathered ribbon of cerise and white with whioh the ] skirt was trimmed. This figurad very largely indeed on the bodice in question ; in fact, a deep yoke was formed of many rows of it, and a very pretty effect it had, quito novel and out of the ordinary. * And so easy,' I murmured to myself when I looked at it, thinking of the friends of Ona Boira who liked to employ their cleverness in making things with their own hands. But if you would use the idea, mind and get the stripped ribbon, as it was this that gave it «non a good effect. . . . There was a beautifully arranged shoulder drapery of very soft cerise silk mousseline, arranged fishu-wise, and drawn down to the left side of the bodice. It fastened with a great bow of broad ribbon in the two colours, which also composed a twisted belt round the waist ; and this brings me to a little fact wuioh you ought to know. Almost every dress boasts some «ort of shoulder drapery now, generally of ohifton. and this style of trimming is not intended only for muslin or silk gowns, but appears also on doth and loashmire tn the most reckless fashion. . . . This idea of mixing up materials in rather a strange way grows in public favour. There was one skirt whioh I particularly admired, and, by the way, the rumour fi oorreot that the very, very tight skirts are on the wane, or, rather, the love of them, I should say ; the skirts are beginning to show a flint suggestion of a fold, or a ghost of a gathering, at the back, and the foundation of the skirt I am going to describe now, being only made this week, had this hopeful Utile suggestion. . . . The foundation was of white silk, ivory white, and the muslin (for, of course, it was muslin) was of a delicate faint heliotrope, with violet cornflowers all over it. It had a pointed front and two very full scalloped flounces, whioh were bound with rich violet velvet. This gave them a solidity whioh is sot expected of a muslin. This was not all, however ; each flounoe was edged above tba velvet with a narrow, butter-coloured Valenciennes lace, put on the wrong way up. I hope yon understand this. Instead ' of the lower edge of the lace going to the lower edge ef the flounoe, it was reserved. . . . The bodioe had a very foll draping of violet-edged chiflón fat many frills, and a vest of violet velvet, with the high French eared collar. Eaoh aar was edged with batter-coloured laos, lt had elbow sleeve« of muslin, with the frills of ohifton. These latter are troublesome, but the beauty of the elbow sleeve ia a very powerful compensation for it, and I aap sure we shall not complain. 