? OTJR MELBOURNE LETTER. I was sorry to see ibat your townsman, Private Bloy, o! the MOD Died Rifles, inet tritb an accident at the Flemiogton Show groands last Friday as the troops wer« departing from oainp eh rottie to the transport. It seems be was riding one horse and leading toother, and that both commenced to plunge and rear at the same time. The horse in tow palled Bloy off, and while he was lying on tbe ground bis own steed kicked him — accidentally, Taoppoaej though horses ha ire been known to do such a thing "with malice aforethought"—between the shoulder blades. Ho eventually became unconscious und was taken to the Melbourne Hospital whero the surgeons found him to be su&ering; f• c severe shaking and braising. Whether he will be able to take his place in l.he ranks when his comrades march out of St. Kilda Road Barracks on Saturday afternoon oo their way to the Medic is more than I w ill be able to let you koorf-, as this letter must be posf-rd some time before that hour arrives. There has been a regular tush of applications for allotments on the drained Moe Swamp, and the War rag u J Land Board hns been kept ?ery busy. Moe, as your readers are doubtless aware, is a small towosbip the main Gippsland line of railway, about miles from Melbourne, beyond Warrngul. It contains the usual ooupleoE hotels and stores and used to support two banks, bat one is now closed. It has no ohurcb, but can boast a cemetery. The land around M03 is considered poor, although there are patchcs of very fertile soil, and [have seen English clover about three miles from the township growing up to the bullocks' bellies. The swamp land is no doubt rich and promising, and the extent to which it is being acquired and the number uf families who will soon doubtless settle dowu in the vicinity should give a great impetus to the development and progress of Moo. Now that Cup Day is approaohiog the annual paritaaioal howl is being arranged for by a certain section of the churches. Archbishop Carr and Bishop (Joe seem to be able to preserve their equanimity during the racing carnival every November and do not seem to foresee Divine displeasure as the outcome. But some of the smaller denominations are always in a stew about this tioie. •One Wealeyan minister next Sunday is going to preach on "Should Cup Day be a aational holiday ? n announcing, of cduroe, the query in the decided negative, fie might just as well go down to the Port Melbourne l?iei this afternoon and deliver a dis course on " Should the Victorian troops go to South Afrioa ?" and take a hostile view of the contingents' departure. Theie is very little chance of all the Wesley an ministers within the four corners of our Queen's vast Empire ever blotting out the Cup holiday. Besides, a number of their own people look forward to the day as one on which Ibey can enjoy piunic3 and marine excursions, but unhappily the Rev. Mr Chad bund has his type now io Victoria as he had long years ago in the old country iu the days wheu Charles Dickens wrote. Pirates are supposed to be wholly extinct and to have followed long ago in the wake of witobes, fairies, ghosts and other interesting individuals of the nursery tales of our fore* fathers' infancy. The robbers of the sea differed from these other iin&giuary; beings inasmuch as they did ones really "live and move and have their being"—although now a piratical individual cf the Paul Jones or Captain Kidd stamp would be difficult to locate as one risen fiom the dead, or an elderly lady who was able to ride a broom stick through the air. The last execution of a pirate of European birth was somewhere aboat 1S27« but the Chinese article seems to survive, and accutding to a statement by a passenger of B steamer tecently arrived in Sydney from Hong Kong a junk containing eight persons was attacked by pirates iu boats off the coaat of China and captuted with one fatality. A junk is a very obsolete sort of vessel, and had the victiin3 to the outrage been ou board a modern merchant steamer of any siz* they might have rammed the two piratical boats successively. We do not hear much about Lhese Chinese pirates now, as th6 meu of war—especially British—in every quarter of the globe now are so numerous, but the sight of a good old Ancient juok, with ouly eight ou board, must have been too much for their cupidity, and the pirates decided not to'let such a soft thing slip, especially in an age when opportunities for pillage were rare and risky. The 44 fire low aod lay them out" speech of Colonel Price, of the Mouuted Rifles, has been all forgotten aud forgiven in the wave of military ardor that has swept over the colony, and when he roared out 44 " at the Show Grounds 011 Friday at some pri. vate who was giving his mount too much spur, the Age actually printed it with a sort of pride as much as to say " See hew he swears like the traditional trooper." As for the 'Maying out 1 ' business you will remember it happened in the time of the shipping -strike io 1890 and on the occasion of the Mounted Rifles being called out to keep the peace in Melbourne. The labor party was very irritated at Colonel Price's speech and •aid he was iuciticg his men to slaughter a number of pcBceful—or at any rate unarmed men The colonel's explanation was that he t~>ld the troops that if the crowd would not disperse after the Police Magistrate had read the Riot Act, and they were ordered to fire, they should aim at the legs of the moh which would simply disable them and " lay them out," whereas if they fired at & higher elevation probably they would shoot a number of the people dead, a3 the bullets would strike them io the lungs and head. I believe this explanation, for 1 think Colouel Price far too rough and ready a soldier to tell a lie to put himself right with a number of bawling agitators aud Socialistic nonentities. That the Government did right in calling out the troops there is no doubt. We are not going to have auarchy here to please a number of adventurers and grumblers. Mr Deukin said at au election meeting after the strike was over that the Government—it was the Coalition Cabiuut in which he was running io double harness with Duocan Gillies—bad certain pri rate information previous to taking the step of calling out the military, aod if he was at liberty to disclose its nature many people, who now blamed the authorities for their aotion in the matter, would take a very dif ferent view of the case. An interjecter at the meeting called out, 14 You ought to be in Russia—were you personally iu favor of calling out the soldiers 4 Yes, 1 was," said the 1 HOD. Alfred, "and under the same circumstances I would do so agaiu." And this is about the only act with any backbone in it that Deakiu ever performed—in general his political vertebrae is about the same solidity as that of a tinned salmon, which a little child can chew up. Last Thursday morning the Melbourne daily papers endeavored to impart 44 a peculiar piquancy aod zest," as the labels on Lea and Perrin's Woressterehire sauce say, to their war nows by announcing that grave complications of a general European character were feared. Of oourse this is u very safe sort of statement to make and one that can be x'ariod and amplified to auit daily developments. But we are sure of one thing that neither the Aye nor the Argtts, London correspondent, nor the editor of the •Titnta, himself, is io the know regarding the ptojects and plans of European Cabinets. Ti?at England has enemies is uo newa, aud their plans may even now have become known to the British Premier, but no newspaper has any idea of the real state of things. It may conjecture and surmise and give its readers the result, but that is all. There is nothing worth telling about Par* liament. What with the adjournment iu consequence of thedeath of Mr Zoic, M.L. A., and the departure of the contiogent to-day, the week has politically not been very productive of political news. We shall be commencing the race excitement next week, and I suppose it will bo the old yarn—Christmas close on us and a lot of work in arrears. It is a question how loog the couotry will iitand tbissoit of thing, aod how loug the cesa will retnaiu ita prcseut length. 