"THE MYSTERY OF THE BROWN PORTMANTEAU." By JOHN K. LEYS, "Author of '"The Lindsays," "In the- Toils,"' &c-; CHAPTER XVIII.—A WOMAN'S COUNSEL. Ned Stanhope was now quite hopeless. He had heard nothing from tbe count, and he had heardly expected to hear from him. He had as a last resource issued various cautiously-worded advertisements, but they had resulted only in a crop of false clues and attempts at swindling, which involved a loss of time and money, and produced not so much as a foundation ot sand upon which Hope might build. One day, as he was walking listlessly along Oxford-street, a band was laid on his shoulder. He -wheeled round, and found himself face to face with Duncan Maclntyre. The two friends grasped each other's hands without speaking; but the next moment Ned's eyes fell on a fair, blushing face, • which he recognised as that of Mr. MaeWhirter'g granddaughter. Involuntarily be glanced round for tie old Fiscal, but he was not to be seen. Mechanically he took off his hat; but his surprise was so great that Maclntyre burst into a fit of laughter tbat made the passersby turn round and stare. "Excuse me, Ned; but you do look so taken aback!" cried the doctor. "You look as though you had seen a ghost. The lady is not an apparition, but real flesh and blood. Allow me to introduce you to—-Mrs. Duncan Maclntyre! " "I wish yon joy with, all my heart," said Ned, "but"—and he turned a reproachful glance on his friend—"why didn't you tell me tbat this was in the wind? I should have liked -to be present.at the wedding, or at least to have wished you happiness before it took place." "There wasn't time," explained Maclntyre. "You see when Jeanie's grandfather found that she was the attraction that kept me in the north, he incontinently forbade me the house, and told Jeanie that she a must never speak to me again. The fact I was that the old gentleman wanted to keep her as his own housekeeper, because she was his favourite granddaughter, although she had sisters who might have supplied her place. It seemed to me that we must either assert ourselves at once, or give-each other up for no better reason than an old man's whim; so I persuaded Jeanie to run away and be married to me at once. Luckily for us the Scotch law provides a way of managing these little affairs quicker than. they do them in this country, and almost before Mr. MacWhiriter had got over his amazement at finding that hiE douce wee lassie had had the presumption to get a lad of her own, he was told that we were married. I would have liked fine to see his face when Phemie—that's his servant—told him the news. We heard that he discharged her just for laughing out of the corners of her month when she told him; but he was fain to send for her back again next day, because she was the only lass in the place that could make his porridge to his mind, so; that it didn't greatly matter." "And what do you intend to do now? You are here on your honeymoon, I suppose?" "Honeymoon! We have mair sense than waste our money in hotel bills—that is, till we have a little more of it." Stanhope glanced at the bride to see how she approved of this sentiment. She was gazing at her husband with a look of admiring love which was half pathetic, half comical. It was evident fiat nothing that commended itself to Duncan would be wrong in her eyes. "Then how comes it that you are here, f you are not on your honeymoon?" lie said to Maclntyre. The young doctor explained thaE'he -was assistant to a medical man at Highgate who had a large practice, and who had held out to him some hope that if they suited each other they might before long enter into artnership. From this it appeared that the prospects of the young couple were not by ny means so bad as Stanhope had feared hey might be. "And what have you been doing with ourself?" asked Maclntyre. "Now that 1 ave time to look at you 1 don't like your ooks at alL Have you been ili?" "Oh, no," said Ned, shortly, turning c round to say something to tbe young matron at his side. He did not care to discuss his affairs on the street, and in tbe presence of a. third person. But Maclntyre was not to be put off. "If you have not been ill you are about to have an illness, and it may be a serious one," he said, looking keenly into the other's face. Ned took no notice, and Maclntyre was surprised. Thev were all three going lalong in the direction of Regent Circus, and as Mrs. Maclntyre stopped to look into a shop window" her husband said to Stanhope, "How is your love affair getting on? Any signs of relenting on the part of the amiable widow?" "Don't speak of it now, Duncan. I can t bear it." MacIntyrc said no more at the time, but when they were about to part he said to his wife, "May I ask what there is for dinner to-night?" ••Why do you want to know?" "Because if there is no more than there was last night we will say no more on the subject; but, if there is a decent meal, I should like to ask my friend to share it with ns." "Duncan, you talk a great deal of nonsense," said Mrs.. Maclntyre, with perfect simplicity: and in the most charming, natural manner in the world, she told Stanhope that she hoped he would find it convenient to dine with them that evening. He answered that, even if it had been most inconvenient, he would be glad to come, a reply which pleased tie bride exceedingly. People who live north of the Tweed are not given to making pretty speeches. A com pliment is so rare a thing in the ears of a Scotchwoman that she either resents it, under tie impression that the speaker is "trying to make a fool of her," or she enoys it greatly—sometimes she does both at nce. Oi thi6 occasion Mrs. Maclntyre was onvinced tbat her husband's friend was in earnest, and she permitted herself the uxury of enjoying the compliment. At half-past 6 that evening Stanhope found himself in a sitting- room at- High gate Hill, shaking hands, for the second M time that day, with Maclntyre and his tdhehw ife. The room was small, as consorted ith the means of the newly-married pair, ut, from the wide semi-circular window here was a magnificent view of the plain f London, with the great smoke cloud for ver hovering over the struggling, toiling • c a v A A I i a m b o millions below. During dinner Stanhope avoided altogether talking of his private affairs. It was not until Sirs. Maclntyre left the two oung men to tie enjoyment of their pipes, aving that she would be back to pour out the tea. iu an hour's time, that Ned felt at liberty to unbosom himself to his friend. He told him of Lady Wesilake's heartless behaviour, of the strange conversation he had overheard between Count Bardoni and the trustee of Muriel's property, of Muriel's disappearance, and of Bardoni's apparently sincere denial that he knew what had become of her. The telling took up some time, interspersed, as it was, with many questions as to details, and die answers to them; and the hour that had been fixed for tea arrived by the lime the story was finished. "It is the simple truth, Duncan." Ned said, in conclusion, "that it would have pained me leys to hear that Muriel had died. If she had succumbed to an illness, would have told myself that she had been mercifully called away from this -world and its pain? and miseries; I should have been able to visit her grave, and think that after i greater or less number of years 1 would •leep at her side; 1 would live in tbe hope of meeting her in another world. Rut as things are now, 1 have all the torture of one who watches at tlie bedside of one he loves, and who is hovering between life and death; and it 1i;LS beeu prolonged for eeks. To you it may lie absurd " Maclntyre made a gesture ot disseut, and Ned went on— "Well, to a- stranger it might very well seem absurd that I should feel in this way about a girl who has been simply stmt to L school by her relatives to avoid tlie en- C tanglement of a foolish attachment. I cannot forget that she is in the i>ower ot an unscrupulous woman, who, in mv opinion, is stained with her husband's blood, and that- she stands in that woman's wav. Bardoni has an interest in her, too, aud i cannot help suspecting that he is the man •who nmrdened that- unfortunate baronet, lie may not wish chai die should <?-"e; bad she fate lie hr* preoarcsLfbr her is jg&some;: 0£. 4XXBS** jia> Rut F G thought of Muriel being married to anyother man is odious- to me, bat apart from my own feelings, it seems to me tbat it would be a better thing for any innocent, good girl to die than to be married to a. man like the count. AtkI mv helplessness is complete. AH the litde titdngs I could think of doing have been-done long ago. I can do nothing bnt fold my arms^and curse my hard fate, in impotent xage. It is tie peril she is in, all unknown to herself, poor child—it is the thought of that that unmans me." Ned's -voice bad sunfc- almo6tto a. whisper, and he had forgotten, in the sharpness of the mental pain he was suffering, tbat Mrs. Maclntyre had came back into the room. She had come in GO quietly, tbat she in no way disturbed the trainof thought; in the mind of Ned Stanhope, and as die listened, her sympathy and her curiosity increased every moment. When Ned had finished speaking, she drew from her hnsband in a few whispered sentences the outlines of tlie story, and Ned read in her kind Scotch face a sympathy that was as-deep and tru^. and even more tender than -ier nusband's. 'The question is, what can we do?" said Maclntyre, speaking moce io. himself than, to his companions. For some time no one answered, and then his wife" said gently—"I am surprised that a woman who has been guilty of so terrible crime as murder should dare to mn the risk of another-crime. I hardly think it is possible." Her husband looked Tip -qtdddy, but when Ned turned- an enquiring look on him he sadly shook his head. "My fear would be," said lie, "that if she has already committed one crime with impunity, it is the moK^ not libelees, likely that she would attempt a_6eeond, if it were greatly to her interest to-do so. Of couree, that is not to say thst ^he would do harm to her stepdaughter. We bare-really no evidence for thinking ~£ha£ she means to do more than to keepijottAiid Miss Westlake apart." "My grandfai&er;'tlnnfcs it w ; more likely that she • fadd & band in her husband's death." said Mrs. MarJntyre, impulsvdr. "Does he really? On wha* grounds?" Stanhope was anxious to bear how tiie case had looked to a dispassionate observer and man of experience like the FSBcai. "Well, Mr. MacWhiricr^thntks-thai, «np- posing you really did see the body yon thought you saw in the -cabin of the yaSht; it must have been that of fiir Godfrey Westlake, and that if it was hisbody Count Baroni must hare killed bam," «aid the ghi in a low tone. "But Lady WestJake-— that is not the same thing." "Tie said he felt sure that tbe Cotmt would not have done eiEfc a Hung unless with her concurrence! ' H would have Tjeea too dangerous; and besides, mv grandfather thought that the^ sending of 'the liand to Lady Westlake was a ®gn that "the tiling had been done, and a proof thai there haa been an understanding between them-" "But how do von know that it iaaB-eent to Lady Westlake?" : -- — (To be continued to- morrow.) 