THE CHURCH IN NEW ZEALAND. What we now frequently and more appropriately call Maoriland was settled under somewhat peculiar circumstances, and these circumstances were not conducive to the promotion of Catholicity, Canter bury, for example, was an Episcopalian settlement, and Otago was first started by Presbyterians. Auckland owes its origin to the native wars ; Taranaki was colonized by West of England people, and Wellington was a mixed foundation. Yet Catholicity, despite these adverse circumstances, has managed to get a firm grip upon the country, and now flourishes like a green bay-tree. It is but 51 years since Bishop Pompalier, Father Servant, S.M., and Brother Columban arrived from Sydney, and opened the first Catholic church at Hokianga, where they were welcomed by a devoted son of Erin. Bishop Pompalier said Mass on the sea beach at Wellington on Christmas Day, 1840, but there was no resident priest there till Father O'Reilly, a Capuchin, arrived with the Hon. Henry ? Petre in 1843. From these small beginnings there have been established the following in the short space of half a century: — A Hierarchy, consisting of an Archbishop and three suffragan Bishops ; 81 districts, with 240 churches, about 145 priests, 65 religious brothers, and 600 nuns. In addition to all this, there are two Catholic colleges, 40 high schools for the education of girls, and about 12,000 children are educated in Catholic Primary schools. Then there are orphanages in Auckland. Wellington, Nelson, and Dunedin ; an industrial school with 200 children at Stoke, and Mount Magdala Asylum, near Chrif»tchurch. The total Catholic population of New Zealand is now 92,000. Well may his Grace Archbishop Redwood and his suffragan's — the Right Rev. Drs. Grimes, Verdon, and Lenihan — remarks in their joint Pastoral Letter to the clergy and laity;: — 'How wonderfully God has blessed the mustard seed of faith in the Church of New Zea land. All praise to Him for the gift of t'ruitfulness.' The Pastoral Letter shows the significance of the Provincial Council, dilates upon the spread and de fence of faith, and points out that the priestly character demands much virtue and great know ledge. For youths who aspire to the priesthood fair provision has been in existence for some years, but it has been decided to found an ecclesiastical provin cial seminary for all New Zealand, and to locate it in Dunedin. The necessity for more parochial schools is insisted upon, and parents are implored to leave their children at school sufficiently long to obtain all the advantages of Catholic education. The heartiest co-operation is expected from the laity in order to bring public opinion to bear upon the injustice of the State-aided system of education. Parents must also foster the seeds of religion sown in the schools by bringing the influence of home life to bear upon the children. The basis of the Chris tian home ia Christian marriage, and its security the indisaolubility of the marriage tie. Mixed marriages are condemned. Catholic literature and good read ing are referred to as the antidotes to the pernicious books and newspapers now in use. The New Zea land Tablet is highly spoken of. Household prayer, Sunday worship, and frequent Communion recommended. Catholic societies should be encouraged. Religion is not only good for women and children, but it is necessary for all. A protest is made against the violence and craft which have despoiled the Pope of that independence so essential to the smooth and normal exercise of his spiritual authority, and this remarkable and able letter con cludes with the wish that the blessing of Almighty God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost will descend upon those to \\\hQiu the publication is addressed. 