COLAC. THE GARDEN VICTORIA. HER PASTURE LANDS, Celebrated Potato AND Dairying Centre. \------ Gradual Progress. Briliant Future. Resources and Advantages. Historical, Descrip- tive and Commer- cial Review. Pen Sketches of Representative Business Houses. The history of the Colac district begins with a tragedy. It has been so in many parts of the British Empire, and especi- ally in Australia. The resentful wilder- ness stretches out its rude fist, or the aborigines strike, and another life's day is ended. Then colonisers go forth with stock and plough, and sometimes with a gun. SIn 1836, Major Mitchell, that determined zpxlorer, with an attraction to the pictur bsque in language, passed through what ls now known as the Western District of 'ictor.ia, and is believed to have sighted Lake Corangamite (native Corang- bitten). ffItchell's journals supply an entertaining Occount of the beauty of the scenery, the fertility of the soil, and the hardships en ulred. Numbers of Tasmanlans had Settled at Geelong by this time, and a few Stations had been formed roundabout. Early in 1837, Joseph Tice Gellibrand-"a spirited colonist and an eminent barris "er"-who held the position of Attorney jeneral of V'an Dlemen's Land, and who. 1001 interested himself in the occupation .f Port Phillip, for the second time cross Cd the straits to Melbourne on a visit of business and pleasure. He was accom- panied by a friend, Mr Hesse. After re- maining a few days in Melbourne, the two gentlemen proceeded to Geelong, whence they went to the home of a set- tler on the Barwon River, eleven miles from Corio Bay. Their visit paid, they started on the return journey under the guidance of a shepherd. Robert Akres. It was their intention to spend the first night at Cowie and Stead's station, on the Moorabool, and as the distance was short, they carried no provisions. They followed the northern banks of the Bar- won for about fifteen miles, whereupon the guide desired that they should strike direct for their destination. The country before them was unoccupied, and, with- out provisions, to penetrate it further was dangerous. Gellibrand mistook the peak of the Great Warrion, for Mount Villuminator, in a different direction, and, heedless of the better knowledge of Akres, persisted in going towards the former, accompanied by Hesse. The shepherd regretfully turned back, and Gellibrand and Hesse were never again seen alive by white men. Every step of their horses took them further from the Moorabool. They apparently became entangled in the dense scrub and grass- tree valleys, and were lost. Several rescue parties scoured tile country-sIde, but all were in vain. About four years later, according to one authority, the skulls of two Europeans, fragments of clothing, and pieces of a broken watch were dis- covered by Mr Allan, of the Hopkins River, within twenty or thirty miles of Port Fairy. It was supposed that these were the remains of the brave, but im- prudent Tasmanians, and the testimony of natives gave point to the assumption. They declared that late one evening two white men on foot crawled into their camp in the last stages of exhaustion. Though they were at once suplied with food, one, "the darkest,"— believed to be Mr Hesse, died on the second day there- from, and the other on the third day. It has never been determined whether the men were murdered, or died from expo- sure. These were the sacrifices, for, in searching for Gellibrand and Hesse, the rescue parties acquired important infor- mation concerning Colac country. A few words relating to the natives may not be ou: of place. Parties of white men in these districts were fre quently unnecessarily timorous when meeting a number of blackfellows, but, on the other hand. Isolated Europeans occasionally had cause to regret their courage. The natives sometimes pur sued a species of guerilla warfare, and pounced upon a shepherd and his sheep, and speared the cattle. Substantially. they were an innoffensive. though not particularly pleasing people. Their hearts were light as the skies above them were clear, and in caring for the morrow, few races so nearly obeyed the Ancient Preacher. Their customs and habits were more interesting than the ignorant believe, while they possessed more in herent kindliness of nature than they are usually given credit for. And though they seized upon the squatters' stock and murdered upon occasions, they were as much "sinned against." At the same time they were not a people * thit one would choose to summer and winter with. One early Australian governor, describ ing the aborigines, says:--"They are ac tive, hardy, daring, in:elligent and faith ful; impatient of restraint, utterly hate ful of work, even where rewards were the most tempting, and which they most covet, are offered; and careless of all European ar's and comforts . They have finally a language in which there is no word for either love. want or gratitude, and thy live literally without God in the world. From childhood to the grave they propitiate neither God nor devil." Students will disagree with some of these conclusions, but, generally, they are representative. The aborigines had a belief in the spirit world, and had one or two presiding deities. It was their strong opinion that the white man was a resurrected blackfellow. One instance, because of its humor and pathos, may be excused. The late Sir George Grey (then a Captain), when exploring north of Perth, W.A.. was astonished one quiet summer's evening to observe approach ing his camp a procession of natives, headed by a woman. A Western Aus tralian historian continues: - "Tears coursed unrestrainedly .lown the cheeks of these, and the elder, after examining him for a moment, exclaimed, 'Giva Giva, Bundo Bal'--'yes, yes, in truth it is he)-and throwing her arms about him, leant her head on his breast and wept bitterly. Although she was old and ugly, and filthily dirty, Captain Grey. compassionately bore her caresses, and deported himself gravely and mourn fully as the occasion deserved. The s younger and prettier woman contented y herself with kneeling in tears at his feet. Then the old lady kissed him on each cheek as a Frenchwoman would do; cried a little more, and assured him that e he was the ghost of her son recently kill is ed by a spear wound. Grey's new mo h ther expressed almost as much maternal delight at his return as his real mother would have done, after which the father and brothers embraced him by placing 'd knee to knee, breast to breast, and arms r- around his waist." It The information gained by Major if Mitchell and by the Gellibrand-Hesse search parties was such as was likely to cause enterprising and courageous colo nists to push the posts of civilisation g into the rich west country. In the pre le vious two or three years there had been , an important exodus of hardy colonisers from Tasmania to the more expansive lands of Port Philllp, and it was merely a 0 question of time when they would scat ter over tlhe promising areas lying near 'a the coast. Among the immigrsnts was a little band which arrived at Geelong . (per the schooner Gem) in April, 1837. The principal members of this party of self- reliant and adventurous men were Messrs H. Murray, G. T. Lloyd, Carter, Thomas Austin, and Augustus Morris, most of whom had been engaged.in farm- ing or stock-rearing in the southern island. Some of them were of the stuff of which the staunchest pioneers—com- bative, full of faith, and determined—are made, and, after landing their sheep, horses and provisions in the soft mud at Point Henry, they had to determine upon their destination. Mr Isaac Hebb, to whose "History of Colac" we are in- debted for much of our narrative, states that their knowledge of the country was extremely limited. Here we have a lesson in the heroic; they had broken up their homes, anil with their stock came across-the water to search for an abiding place. where they might obtain grealter we..Ath. They were hoaseless and they were strangers. Also, they were but one party out of many who did this same adventurous thing. The picture has anotller side. These men were granted the Ilnestimable privilege of taking unto themselves untrodden land, which 'Nature, during countless ages. had been making beautiful :uld opulently producti\\-e, or, theblogically, somnolent as it left the handk of the Creator. AMr Iurrty's par.tturned their faces to the west. By easy stdiges, ii due course they- arrived :near the jiredent site of Winchelsea, and formed an en- campment. The country round them was goodly, and for somne weeks they allowed their flocks to roam over the ample pasture. There they waited until additional consignments of sheep arrived from Tasmania. Lots were drawn :as to who should settle in this locality, and Mir Austin and another formed two sta tions there. After a halt-of two or three months thle remaining pioneers resumed their western journey. Meeting one of the Gellibrand search parties, they were told that the lake country around the Warrions "was of the best possible de- scription for pastoral purposes." They proceeded to this neighborhood, and thus the loss of the two Tasmanlans was partly instrumental in their brother colonists settling in this magnificent region. 