i PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL X ARRANGEMENT.) BEAUTIFUL ROHILLA. By a- <> HAROLD CHILD, Author of " Driven by Fate," CC. (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XVIII. .' The Skeleton in the Cupboard The parlour of " The Anchor was full of life and colour. The settle and the rest of the furniture had been removed, In order to make room for a long table that can diagonally from corner receiver, and the lamp that hung near the hams on the beam was reinforced by the light of twelve candles on the table. Blight August flowers-geraniums and dahlias, stocks and verbena, and here and there a rose or two, blazed above the spotless linen and if the glasses were all green and red, there were only two people in the room who did not think them beautiful. The rest were far too pleasantly occupied in demolishing the mighty supply of good things set before them to care much for appearances. A hearty silence prevailed. What was the good of talking when the fine young -jaws all down both sides of the table had so much better work to do The customary solemnity of the bright tanned faces, wrinkled a little round the clear, steady eyes, was no whit diminished on this festal occasion. There was business on hand very serious business to most of those present To men who live at the mercy of wind and wave, it is no light thing to eat and drink, that the muscles may be firm and the blood to flow warm in the veins. Rather Is it a solemn, almost a sacred duty; to say nothing of its being a healthy pleasure, for of hunger and cold most of those present had their full share as the months went round. " It was no lack of gratitude, tried, to the giver of the feast that kept the guests silent. Their opinion of their Lost had been formed long ago. Strict as their standard was, he came up to it. They knew him for a man they could trust, and this new proof of his virtues caused " but little enthusiasm. Only later, when the table was cleared and the business of the evening over would their solemnity relax into open expressions of enjoyment. Aitken, sitting at the head of the * table, looked down the line on either side of him with keen appreciation. " You're grand fellows, all of you," he thought, as his eyes wandered over the clear-cut faces, the short curly hair, and the massive brown throats that rose pil- Barwise above the blue jerseys. " Clean, trim, steady-eyed, brave fellows ! And handsome, too ! Sailors are often hand- some when they are young. I wonder why ? Look at Jack Briggs there ! There's a nose I Knock's Apollo's into, nothing. And those eyes ! And that neck and shoulders. I must make a picture of you some day, "Jack. No, I won't. It might make you vain. And the chief beauty of you all is that you've no idea what grand fellows you are.' Bonilla-was sitting at his. right hand, and opposite him, at the far end, Mr. Twaddell. The landlord had been unanimously voted into the chair, which, in more senses than one, he was well fitted to fill. On his right sat Mrs. Twaddell, gorgeous in purple and yellow and on his left lay the emblem of' office, the chairman's hammer, in the shape of a curious weapon that hung as a rule over the mantelpiece. Robert had only noticed it in its new honour after the supper had well begun, or be- would have forbidden its use. For that, again might prove a fatal link with the past, if any accident should bring it prominently before Rohiila's mind. For the same reason he had misgiv- ings about the Burgundy, which Mr. Twaddell had brought up from the cellar for the use of the inmates of the house. The sailors, one and all, had refused it in favour of something with a stronger taste: but William insisted that spirits would never do for Aitken or the ladies. Rohilla put her glass to her Hits, but did not drink. She looked appeal ugly it Aitken. I am frightened again," she said, simply, .. What of ?" he asked. " Of the wine ; I don't know why." " " Give me your glass." She handed it to him, and he placed it out of sight behind his chair. Giving her a glass of water in exchange, he had the satisfaction of seeing her terror , vanish. - , Little by little the piles of food disappeared, and the moment came when all at last were satisfied. Sighs of con- sentiment could be heard from one and another down the table, and the men leaned back in their chairs to loosen their belts and drop casual remarks to their neighbours. But there was no en tim season yet. They saw no use in being noisy before the mood took them, and their gratitude was too sincere to allow of their pretending au exhilaration which they did not feel. All at once Mr. Twaddell seized his weapon, and with a notice quite out of proportion to the gentle hum of conversation that was going on round him, struck three times upon the table. Silence fell on all. Mr. Twaddell rose to his feet, and said in his most ceremonious manner : "Gentlemen, the ladies are about to leave us." Robert stood up, and his guests followed his example. He left Rohilla to the door. No one saw the cloud of anxiety has passed suddenly over his face, nor the old look of terror that was struggling with the gentle impassivity of Rohilla eyes. But, as Mrs. Twad dull passed him, he whispered : "Look after her well. She is frightened again, and may be restless. But hurry back. I won't speak till you come." When Aitken had taken his seat again, Mr. Twaddell struck once more with the hammer. " Gents,'' he cried, " Is your glasses full V" They were, and the guests sat erect in expectation of a speech. " Cows !" said Mr. Twaddell. , But here, reader, the chronicler must pause. Mr. Twaddell was by nature a plain-spoken man, and though his healthy and natural sentiments were merely what you and I and all honest men would heartily endorse, they were not couched iii that refined and suggests live language that alone will pass muster in well-bred circles. He was in plain - spoken man, addressing ~ an audience of young fishermen, and his language was direct and simple. Suffice it to say that, while Robert sat blushing hopelessly, with all eyes" fixed upon him. the speech had the effect of letting loose the natural jollity that lay hidden under the solemn manager of the guests. roar after roar of laughter reached the ears of Mrs. waddell upstairs, and that one speech did more than anything else to remove the sting of disappointed hopes from the minds of Eohilla's unsuccessful suitors. "And, now, gents," Mr. Twaddell wound up, " I call on you to drink the health of Mr. Robert Critten Aitken and his lovely bride. There's not one of you here now who wouldn't give all you've got to be in his place to-morrow, and after. But you'll not be there, and he will. So, God bless them both, say I and send 'em lots of little 'use to gladden their lives for 'em. C'ents, J. give you Mr. Robert Aitken, and no heel- taps." The fishermen sprang to their lot with a shout, and drained their glasses. Some sang .' God Save the Queen," and some " For he's a jolly good fellow," and the ringing cheers and laughter were only interrupted by the return of Mr. Twaddell. " She is' back very early," thought Robert. .' I, hope she has been Rohilla safely to bed " There followed a tremendous banging on the table from the chairman's hammer. " ' "And now," said Mr. Twaddell, J. call upon Mr. Aitken to reply." Robert's throat turned suddenly day, while his cheeks named. His story was hard enough to tell in any case ; but, coming as it did, on the top of the chairman's.Jovial.speech, and the light hearted daughter of life guests, the shame and sadness of-it seemed- greater time before. < He struggled to master his thoughts and voice in the few moments during which the fishermen were cheer- ing amid thundering on the table with knives and glasses. The noise aided him. ' indeed ; but it also served to drown the patter of light feet down the stairs.' and the gentle lift- ing of the latch of the door. There was one among his audience of whose presence he was ignorant. " My friends," Qie began at last and the noise was instantly stilled. "I suppose I may call you by that name, for you have all been the best of friends to me. You have welcomed me into your circle, you have played with me at parlour cricket with the cal ma J'S hammer, you have seen me come among you and carry off that which each and all of you value more than anything else in the world, and not one of you has shown me the least sign of Jealousy or resent- ment. s "I cannot say what I think of your conduct : you would not like it, and it would ill become me to praise, who are indirectly the cause of the great misfortune which has fallen upon the lady was all hold dear. Yes, it is I who am through no fault of my own. indeed, to blame and it was partly for the purpose of telling you a strange and sad story that I asked you to meet me lune to-night. It is a story I would willingly keep secret, if I could, but the telling us it is a debt that has long been due to my future wife, to-the memory of her father, and to yon. her life-long friends and admirers. Some of it you know already. The making public of some of it was the only way in which I could protect her from the insults of a cowardly perse- cutor. And the rest of it "e thR " Twenty-five years or so ago, two men!! went into business. One of them lived in London : the other for some years managed the, chief branch in South. They were young and energetic. The business throve, and they grew rich. Both married, one an Englishwoman who died in giving birth to a son, the other a Spanish v woman. " Time went on, and it became necessary that the junior partner also should live in London, leaving a manager behind him in Spain, There was friend- ship between the two families. The little motherless son of the senior pass ner went often to the house of his father's friend, and to this day he remembers the dark beauty and gentle foreign speech of his wife. A little girl was born to her. and a happier family.. could not be found in the world. They were rich, loving, and beloved, and a seemed as if they would all grow old m happiness and honour. But it was not to be. v " And here begins the part of my story which is the most difficult to tell. A serpent entered into their Edensor LH' sent in the form of lawless love, per insistently rejected with scorn by the noble and virtuous woman, who, for the sake of the persecutor, kept all knowledge of her trouble from her husband. And the persecutor, being at last convinced of the hopelessness of this evil passion, set to work to bring about Wie run of the man whose wife he coveted. " My friends, when I tell you that his name of that firm was Aitken and Capt ten, that it was my own father who would thus. have broken all the laws of family love, that it was my betrothed's mother who was the object of his passion, you will forgive me if I do not dwell on the subject, " The revenge he topic was deadly. Somehow, by taking advantage of some legal quibble, which my lawyers understand, but which I cannot grasp, he contrived to wreck the fortune of his pain Her, Mr. Critten, and divert his wealth to his own uses. " Slowly, day by day, Rohilln's father saw his wealth slipping from him. and struggled, but in vain. Quicker and quicker came the crash, and on the morning when he found himself penni- less, stripped of position, prospects, and honour, he committed, in a moment of madness, that fearful deed which has hung like a pall over the life of his only daughter, from infancy to the present day, And over me was hung a far blacker cloud, the stain of my father's infamy. % " My father died suddenly within a year of his partner's rum and I, know- ing nothing of the facts, heard from his dying lips enough of the horrible story to show me that I had a great and solemn duty before hesitate duty of finding the destitute wife and daughter of my father's partner, , " But you know what such duties are to young men. They slip to the back- ground, crowded out by one's own ambitions and pleasures and it was not till the real name of the lady I had called Mass Perez was revealed to me by accident that I found myself suddenly face to face with the duty I ought to have been seeking." He stopped to moisten his parched lips. His audience sat in stony silence, official enigmatic faces. Outside the wind was rising, and a few drops of rain fell heavily on the window. Was it the wind that made that low moan of pain at the door ? Was it the falling 'mm that sounded like footsteps weeping softly up the stairs Mrs. Twaddell rose from the table to shut the door, which by some means had blown open. As she sat down again, Aitken took HE his tale. "Well, my friends, there were two courses open to me. I might ask my lawyers, who are intimately versed in the affairs of Aitken and Critten, to make a calculation of what sum might fairly be considered due to the descend- entered the ruined man, and make over that sum to his daughter. That would be one way, no doubt, of buying repara- tion, of laying the ghost of this crime that has haunted her and me all our lives, of inducing my family skeleton to stop-la Its Cupboard for the future. That much I have done. Only the other day I made the calculation. But that was not all. '. There was another way-and may I say that the moment I first set my eyes on my future wife, having been no idea of wins she was, something told me that this latter way would be the right one V -to one not merely the money, but myself for all that I am worth-to Jo rote, if possible, my whole life to the task of making up to her for what she has lost. My father robbed her of more than money ; he robbed her of a home, of 1 operation, of a chance in the world ; more than all, of the love that" should have been hers. And that way, I am proud to say, has received her sanction. At this moment she knows nothing of the past. The failure of her memory has mercifully blotted it out. But she told me of her love while fully compilers of the link that binds her past to mine. And so, to-morrow, reparation will be made for a great crime. She will be restored, to the sphere of wealth in which she was born, and it will be my inexpressible good fortune to link her honoured' name with my dishonoured 5 to stone to her, and to assure my own j life's happiness at the same time. For to-morrow she and I will be married." He sat down exhausted, without one word of the conventional sentiments he had half-meant to express,' and waited for the verdict to pass. Now that the hideous story was all unfolded, he trembled before the rows of stern, im- passive faces that hemmed him in on both sides. Not a muscle moved among them all. Only Mrs. Twaddell, at the far end of the table, cried softly between her fingers. At last, after an age of silence, there was a movement at her side. William Twaddell rose slowly, and came up the room. When he reached the head of the table he held out his hand in silence. Robert grasped it in heartfelt gratitude, and the long sigh that rose and fell to right and left seemed to say that the landlord has expressed the feeling of all present. " God bless you, my friends !" said Robert, in a low voice. His glance embraced all his guests, and rested at last upon the window at the far end of the room. He started to his feet with a cry of surprise, tor against the pane was pressed the white, scowling face of Oliver Magub. (To be continued.) 