The Sketclier. A Ghost's Story, A, ? By J. ROLAND MAOLAREN, in t)he 'Newcastle Weekly Chronicle.' In my tfiime it wasn't all ' beer and dk'itfles' in the ' -punf essthun,' guv'nor, though a lot of outsiders thought so. It was jolly 'ard work, and precious little for it, and 'a 'amiminer' in a ghost show got the 'eavy end of it. Fogg's IJoyal Glhos't Illusion wasn't no exception. I outfht to know, for I spent five yeans of my miserable life in it. Old Fogg 'ad made some money run ning a coalshed down Whitechapel ?way. He was a chap of no eddica'dion ; but his nut was screwed on t'he right way; so in Che summer months, When the Wal'Jsend trade was slack, wot does Fogg do but rents a big heinpty shop on OoniinefCkvl-road, fills it up for tihe ghost business, engages some broken dawn haictors (I was one of 'em) from 'portable' 't'heaytres, opened to a ?cranuined 'ouse, and dlid a roaring trade. You see the dharge for admission was only a humlble ' d.' The place 'eld aibout a 'quid' when 'full, and wot with three penfonniiances a nlight, and £ix on Saturdays, Pogg fairly raked in the coin. 'Tlhe company consisted of seven indi ?yiiduails— 'leading man, 'eavy man, yours truly, law comedian, and two dhaps as did ' crowds,' ' villagers,' ' servants,' tMfted tlhe scenery, and struggled with a haematite 'and organ chat did duty as t'he band. A leading lady and cham'ber maid completed t'he 'large and taleu'ted company,' as was s'toted on the board outside. Fogg didn't give no fancy salaries. He wasnt alliicted with en largement of t'he 'eart. Eight 'quid' a week would cover all Ms expenses, so you can figure for yourself What ibis profits were. He didn't give his patrons no Stoakepeare— not likely. ' Lucy Hlig gins, or 'the Spectre's Bride,' ' 'Hhe Last Gasp,' eltceterer, was more in their 'line. The proprietor was a s-hort, fat, red faced man, wi't'h a voice like a 'andiiu'ill grindin' coffee beans. And couldn't he shift ' threes' of Scot'ch ! But it didn't seem to' ave no effect on him. He was a perfect sandibed, and must had 'ad a constitution like a elephant. His better 'all', iMrs. Fogg, took the money at the door. Whe was ' first robber,' as it is caneu in one ' puiiesssnun. some roiKs said as 'aw she was only Fogg's Wife temporary like, and not for a perma nent s'ii'ryvash'in ; but tlhat 'ad nothing to do wQttu us ; we didn't want to see her marriage certificate. All 1 know is that if Fogg bossed us s'he bosaed him; and when flooded over the Pliinsoll mark wit'h gin she used to raise ' ruc tions' in fhe show. My respe'eks, guv'nor ! Take them all round, the ' gen'ts' of t'he company were a jolly lot, and didn't s'itind upon their dig nity. Be'ttween Iflie shows they'd go over to the 'pub' opposite with any one of tlhe audience who ottered to stand a pint. Thej'.'d go in their stage togs, too, Wi'cb. tUe ' slap' (make-up) on. Bless j^ou, there was no beastly pride aibout 'eui ! , baine&nies; we 'ad hactors in our com pany as 'ad 'eld igood positions in tip top fheay'tres. What brought 'eon down to a gh'os't show, eh ? Booze, guv'nor, booze, as a rule. Not always, though. Some'tiLines, when out of an engage ment, and having a wife and young sters depending upon 'em, they'd amotlheT tlheir pride, and apply to old Fogg for a shop. You see the sals were law, 'but sure— -t'he ' ghost' always walked— and that's more than can be said for some big theaytres as I've known. Bcvsides, no bills being printed, none of their 'igh and migu'ty pud's could find out wot they was a-doing, if they 'ad the sense to keep their mouths Shut. TGiey'd stay until a good engage ment turned up, and then they'd show a Ulc-an pa'ir of heels. Why, once we 'ad the youngest son of a real live 'barrow- n5te' in I'he show, doing odd jobs. He was t'he prodigal son, and past reclaim ing. W'ot with bronchitis, and gargling h'is t'hroat wlit'h whisky an ''four 'a If,' 'stead of cod liver oil, he soon coughed h'icself out of existence. Poor beggar 1 1 'ope he's got a better shop now. I've knowed tlhe boot on the other leg, so to speak ; not often, though ; btit 1 knowed one pusisonally. He's a big hawtor in London now ; but he ain't ashamed to say he started as a 'super' in a ' portailxie' fheaytre, though I think he'd 'esi't'a'te to say that he'd been a ' gh'ost' with old Fogg. When I get a squ'int at tlhe ' Era,' and see as 'ow Mr. E'the'lw'old M'ontmorency is ' rest ing,' ' I wink tlhe otlher eye,' as the song says. Wot do I mean V Why, I means that ten to one Mr. Montmoreiicy is 'resting' 'cos he can't help it. When outsiders fancy he's at Brighton enjoy in' of hissel'f, and 'Mviin' on the fat of tlhe land, it's 'ighly iprotoble he's up to the eyes in dc'bt to his landlady, and jolly glad to get a two-ey'd steak (bloater) for dinner. 'Ave another ? Well since you're so kind, I don't m'ind if I do. Tlhe best man in the show tin my time was a Mr. Stan'ley. He joined us to play the '-leaking' busiuess, a.bout six monilhs afore I left. A fine, 'audsome, h'inte'lilet-tual-lo'okin' man he was, ahout DO years of -age, and you could see a't a glance he was a genl'man. Where he came from no one knawed ; and as he was very reserved, he kept it to hisiself. I don't profess to be much of a ^cricket,' but to my mind he was a splendid hac'tor — a 'ead and shoulders above Fogg's lot— iu'troducin' little quiet natural touches Ohat was quite thro wed aiway on the 'jossers' in from. They liked 'Wood and tlhunder,' and they got it. As for Bii'l Sm'i fliers, our 'eavy man, he 'ad a voice Hike a foghorn ; and when he used to shout, ' Ha ! ha ! be ware, or I will 'ave your bejlud !' j-ou'd 'ave fandied he'd shift the roof. Tha't Was tlhe style of acting that suited old Fogg. He believed in a man that seean ed to be working for his 'wages,' as he termed it, so you can imagine he didn't appreciate Stanley's quiet, uart j&iic; uuuufr ?«? w'S'S U6 tu 10 siaiiu hl xme 'Wings,' and bawl out to him, 'Let 'em 'ave it. Couglh it off your dliest.' Stanley seldom took any notice, but «(»mcirnies he'd give old Fogg a look th'a't 'ought to 'ave Wi't'hered him, if he 'adut been caBe-hardcned. K'tauHey and I became very friendly; but he would 'ave nothing to say to the rest, 'ceyt in business. 1 used to go and smoke a pipe wioh Qiiin on the Sunday even'm's. r'A'l-py times they was, and a liberal eddfevtion to sit and listen to h'im. He 'ad been all over the world ; 'adn1t forgotten wot he'd seen either ; and could spin yarns like a panorama. Sometimes, though, he'd sit for a long spell, smoking his pipe, and staring into ihe fire, Wi'fh -a far-aiway look in his eyes— that coiivlinced me he was think in' of some -Mnciden'tis in his past life. Then you couldn't get a word out of him. I des'say you 'ave noticed, guv'nor, tlhat some men 'ave secre'tis be'iind their breast bone, and keep 'em t'here--and Stanley was one of that sort. To make a long story 'short, I got a bit of his 'istory from one as knowed Mm ; but tihat was long after he 'ad been dead. It seems he 'belonged to a rMi fannWy, and 'ad been a officer -in a crack cavalry regiment, but got Jilted, in some love atftuir, took it to 'eart, and wen't the pace— ga uMin', 'orse racin', etceterer— unt'il he ruined lrisse'lf. Then he got dropped by h'is wealthy relations, changed h'is naime, aud joined bhe 'pur- fesshun'; but ''ow a man of Ms eddica ?tion and aiMM'ty ever came down to a ghost Show was, and is, a mystery. After he 'ad been aibout four months Wi'fh us Ms 'elfh began to fail, and I could see it was just a breakin' up ; but he managed to 'ang on for a few wecQjs longer, and then— as tlhe sayin' is— 'ad to ' throw up the sponge.' I Saw that the end couldn't be far off ; but it Came sooner than I expected. One mornliu' Fogg sends for me in a 'urry, and says, 'Look 'ere, Tom, you sflip down to Stanley's d'iggins. H'is landlady's been 'ere, and says as 'ow he'll soon foe a 'stiff-uu.' If he's on t!he road to Fiddler's Green, you'd better go and 'ave a look at him, as you was al ways cttiummy.' A tender 'earted man was Fogg, Wit'h a nice way of express in' hissel'f— I don't flunk. I didn't lose no fume, you ibet ; but When I got to h'is lodgiin's, I found he 'ad gone the journ ey we all must go sooner or later. Poor S'tiank\v! fhe best friend I ever 'ftd. His rich friends, Who wouldn't look at him when lie was alive, came and took all that was loft of -him away to h'is 'ome in tlhe south. I believe as he'd a grand funeral— pMe'h-'P'ine coffin, witlh brass 'andlcs, and all the rest of it. Much good that would do him ! Ah ! it's a rum world ! Nmv, far from glhos't dhows, he rests in a quiet Devonshire churchyard, and, lin the words of the immortal Billy, I 'ope that— 'Aifter life's fi'tiful fever, tie sleeps wen. Fogg's show dfldnt seem the same after my dear Old pal 'ad gone. I got discontented, and, to make matters wuss, Fogg was always a-naggiu'of me. I bore it patiently for awhile, but one nliglh't we got to 'igh words. One word led to another, aud Fogg so far forgot h'isself as to let drive at me. Now, When any man starts to knock me aibout I'm goin' fo be there on the spot all the time, and take a 'and in tihe game. 1 could always 'audle my ' dooks,' so 1 gave h-im a couple of stingers faiir on t'he ' boko' with my left, finlished With a beautiful uppereut with my riight that sent Win sprawling ?the 'lengtlh of the show, and took my hook before he 'ad time to say ' good eveu'in'.' That was my last ineerang wi'tlh old Fogg. Al'ter tfhat I went slowly down the 'Ml —got from bad to wutsis— and niany's the time I've 'ad to 'doss wi'fh tlhe d'aisiies' when I've been stouy-ibroke, and 'adn't ?the price of a bod ; but 1 always kept honest, thank God ! fh'ough I've often been sorely tempted. I tell you, guv'nor, when a man is down on dii-s luck, and hasn't a Mend in tlie world, he's in clined to meeft the devil more tihan 'alf way. What am I doing now? Well, soane ifiimes I get odd joHfe as a sandwich ni'an, and deliverin' 'andtoills ; but it's precious aincerto-in, and only an exist ence at the best. The young 'uns al ways gets the pull over us old fellers. What Will -be the end ? Why, a front seat in fhe work'ouse, I s'pose ; but I must be goin' or I'll get ' t'he key of the street.' Good night, and thanks, guv'nor. 