NOVEL. The Martlet Seal. CHAPTER VIII.—(CONTINUED.) By Jeanette Walworth. ' Celeste was a wiser nurse than I took ner for. J >>»d no business coming in here to talk to my little sick wife. I am going Norrie, ac t I i-han't oome back until you send for me, da/luii^. Only don't keep me away too long. I miss you so, dear. So do all the boji». I wi*h * 'Stop! MI op! stop!' It was a ory of pain. He did i-fr p. and stood wonderingly silent while she wpi t on impetuously : 'You 8ie talking to me as if I were a lunatic or H chi'd. A rhild you know I am not. A lunatic possibly I might become, if falseness, deceit, cowardice, duplicity in a man were all that was necessary to make a lunatic of a woman. When I said that I bated you, I meant it! When I recoiled from yonr couch as I would from tbat of a reptile, I meant it! You are a reptile, John Lorimer!' He blanched bt her soathing denunciation of him, an '', turning his face from her, he stood with folded arms looking do mi into the fire. Ic was on record in the medical journals, Le reminded himself, that people frequently turned upon their very dearest friends when dementia seized upon them. Chalmers must be summoned at once. He would not add to her exoitement by a single word. Sba stopped speaking. He could hear the tumultuous, breathing that lifted the folds cf her white wrapper in billows of paBtion. After a little while her breath came more placidly. >. ' Is that . 11, Nora P' he turned and asked her quietly. To soothe her excited nerves •was his one object just then. * That is all. Is it not enough ?' • Quite enough in the way of condemnation.' He had turned towards the door. 'You are going?' she asked, drearily. ' Is not that what you want me to do ?' •Tee.' ' Yon know my theory always has been that the veiy worst a good woman can think of a man falls far short of his deserv- ing. I hope you will feel better to-morrow, Nora. Try to sleep now, dear.' He was gone ! She looked stupidly at the weoden panels of the door through which he had disppeared. ' Not one word in self-defence! He could not look me in the face and defend himself ! That much to his oredit. And now let me finish my work.' Bbe resumed her writing. Her pen fairly flew over the paper. Sheet after sheet she filled, folded, enveloped, and directed, until four closed envelopes lay before her, upon one only of which she put a government stair.p. When Celeste brought her hucheon to the door, she found herself looked out. When she knocked two or three hours later, and informed 'Madame' that she wasthere with the dinner-tray, she was still locked out. When she came again at .lamp-light, craving permission to put the ' child to bed, the door was opened sufficiently vide for Ninette to creep in, and through the crevioe Celeste was informed that Mrs Lorimer would attend to the child herself that night. She was at liberty to dispose of her evening in ner own way. 1 The way Celeste did dispose of it was not at all in ' her own way.' She was entrapped on her way down the stairs by the mistress of White Cliffs and drawn into the sitting-room, where the family physician, assisted by John Lorimer and his mother, cross-questioned her rigidly and exhaustively as to Mrs Lorimer's mental condition daring previous neuralgic attacks. She slipped away from them, when they had extracted from her a vast deal of information she had never suspected hcrpelf possessed of, and crept into a cot in the hall, just ontside Nora's door. John himself had located it. She had assured him confidently that a mouse could not stir in Madame's room and she, Celeste, not hear it from .that position. It was from that night that Celeste Bougereaux always dated her belief in ghosts, and regarded their visitations as presages of evil. She told the story of the white Cliffs ghost always with unction. 'It was not of ghosts I was thinking,' •be would tell you, 'that night. I was awake. I oould not sleep. The hall was large and strange to me. The cot was narrow- I was restless. I was thinking of the child Ninette, and how she must bave missed me, when of a sudden I felt a cold wave sweep over my faoe and I saw a white figure gliding noiselessly across the hall and turn towards the steps. I covered my head with the blankets, chilled but not frightened. Celeste Bougereaux is not a coward. When I looked again, there was nothing to be seen but the cold pale moonlight streaming through the uncurtained dormer window npon tl te bare floor of the hall. The next morning, Mrs John Lorimer was not to be found. I told no one of that visitation from the White Cliffs ghost. Bah! the provincials, they would have had no faith in it or in me. But I have seen what I have seen.' One portion of Celeste Bougereaux's story was irrefragable. It was on the morning after she slept on the cot in the bail thit John's wife was not to be found. On the desk in her room were lying three sealed envelopes. One of the envelopes was addressed to her husband. To him she said,— 4 1 married you for Ninette's sake, I leave you for your o ira. You may be a trifle shocked at this violent rending of the feeble ohain that links us together, but I fancy you will be infinitely obliged to me in the long rnn. Consult some of your lawyer friends and see how the knot can be nntied legally, for I would not have you lose the full fruits of this sacrifice hy reason of obstacles in tho path of your marrying again,—moro felicitously next time, I will hope. I have no intention of making «way with myself.' Another one of the envelopes was addressed to Celeste. To her she said,— ' As soon as you have read this, ask Mr Lorimer to send you and the child to G'enburnie. Take with you her trunk and the envelope addressed to Miss Fairbanks, which I leave with this. Be good to Ninette, and stay with her: it will be to > our interest.' The third envelope was addressed to Miss Fairbanks. To her she said,— ' I am not conducting my project in the way I had planned before coming to White Cliffs. But, after all, we are the merest puppets in the bands of Fate. I had meant my little Ninette should win her ovrn way with you before I made for her the startling claims of Kinship. She is Sibley Fair back's daughter—his only child, born in holy wedlock. Her mother and father did not live together happily. He deserted Ler: she had to make her own support. As all of the papers were in his possession, it may be some time yet before the child's legal claim upon you or upon your father can ba established. She is the child of my only pister— a younger sister, to whom I was idolatrously attached. John Lorimer's suit for my hand carried no weight with it until he accidentally mentioned the fact of having tho Fairbanks of Glenburnie as neighbors. I meant to have kept Ninette myself until her claim upon her grandfather bad been made so clear that he would gladly have recognized it; but it has been ordered otherwise. If your first impulse should be to order Celeste, the child's nurse, to leave your presence and take the child with her, stop and deliberate twice before you send your brother Sibley's infant daughter adrift in an unfriendly world. Until I procure the proofs of what I say, you must take my simple assertion. Every word in this letter is absolutely true.' CHAPTER IX. Flowers ! flowers everywhere! The most expensive sorts at the moat expensive season ! But expense was never taken into aoeount in the Norcross establishment. Did Mrs Norcross desire a thing i And was that thing the very best of its kind P Those were the only two questions worth the asking or the answering. Friday was Mrs Eugene Noroross's day. Not that every day wa6 not entirely at Ler own frivolous disposal, but even butterflies are tubjeot to exhaustion, and it Mr Norcross had not set apart one day out of the seven for ' special observances,' the gayest butterfly of fashion that all Egplanade Street, in the city of New Orleans, eould boast, would have succumbed to the burden of its own popularity. On Friday, therefore, one was sure of finding Mrs NororoBs at home, olotbed in one of those marvels of French oostumes that all her ' set was raving over.' One was also sure of finding the house converted into a bower of roses, while from every corner of the spacious lower floor, during the regulation hours, floated the mingled aroma of English breakfast tea and feminine gossip. Apparently, no one enjnyed Mrs Noroross's Friday afternoons more thoroughly than she did herself. No ohild freshly admitted into fairy-land oould have outdone her in joyous gayety, as she flashed from eroup to group of the tea-drinkers, moving her lithe form with its glistening satin train, and her jewelled arms and hands, with an effective graoe not altogether unitudied. < All of those who drank her tea were not good-natured towards Eugene Noroross's young wife. Some of them, perhaps, had not yet got over the seoret smart of his defeotion from the ranks of their own possible suitors. Some of them, perhaps, would have preferred his marrying a woman whom somebody knew. Among these was his aunt, Mrs Mellicent Norcross, who confidentially assured his married sinter, Mrs Delanoy Delany, on the Friday in question, that— ' If Norcross had not brought her direct from Paris, one would be tempted to accuse her of gaucherie.' ' Not ganoherie! Anything but that. For a woman in her fi.-st winter hero, aho is the most absolutely self possessed young thing I ever saw.' ' Well, then, provincialism, if you prefer. I imagine she has seen very little of this sort of thing. Her enjoyment of it is too undisguised, too absurdly genuine.' 'It is rather patent. She is a pretty creature, though, Mellicent. One can scarcely blame Eugene for becoming infatuated so late in life.' ' She is exquisite! Chic from the crown of her blonde hair to the tips of those little twinkling yellow satin slippers. It is her effusive gayety I condemn. I should prefer more repose of manner.' ' Her costume is daring. No woman less lure of her ooinplexion would have ventured so much yellow -at onoe. She does laugh too muob.' Mrs Delanoy Delany lowered her longhandled eye-glasses, and sighed. Mrs Melli"ent Norcross lowered hen, and smiled : • After all, why should she not laugh P Life must be an altogether pleasant thing for her. The adored wife of Eugene Norcross, no children, assured position, old family, wealth, beauty, youth, health!— I envy her, my dear, positively.' ' And—yet—a skeleton !' Mrs Mellicent shrugged her plump shoulders and lowered her voioe : • You mean Eugene himself ?' ' As jealous as a Spaniard !' ' What would you have P Perfection P I imagine her Friday afternoons are free from his espionage only beoause he knows that no men ever come here before gas-light. He will appear with the lighting of the first jet.' ' Doubtless ! It is an ugly serpent in this pretty Eden.' ' She walks too rapidly. She lacks repose.' Then opportunity for further criticism was lose. Mrs Norcross was ooming towards them, followed by a tray-bearer. She swooped down upon them smiling : ' You are neither eating nor drinking! This is abominable., • No : we were gossiping, and about you.' ' About me ?' She clasped two jewelled hands to her pink ears. The diamonds that flashed upon them were priceless family gems. «It is the left one that burns. You were saying naughty things about me.' ' On the contrary. We were saying that Eugene was always a most fortunate man. But—Bennet is trying to batch your eye. He has t>. card there. One does not need cards to-day.' Mrs Norcross turned towards the butler, who was standing behind her extending a card and wearing his most impassive facial expression. She flushed under this implication of social ignoranoe, and made no motion towards taking the card : 'I am at home to all my friends to-day, BenDett.' ' This is not a friend, madam. It is a person.' ' Then I am not at home to her.' ' She insists upon seeing you. She would not go. She has written something on the card. I have shown her into Mr Noroross's study.' Mrs NonorosS lifted the sard from the salver. It was one of the sort Bennet always kept in the drawer of the hall rack for emergencies. There was nothing written on it but a name : ' Nora.' A slight tremor, as slight as the waving of a willow wand when a rude wind shades it suddenly, passed through her frame, leaving her color a shade fainter, and her voioe a trifle less resonant in its gay clear tones:. r ' Presently.' She waved Bennett out of her presence with that one softly-spoken word, and once more gave her exclusive attention to Mr Noroross's relatives. She had a favor to ask of both of them : ' Would dear Mrs Delany oome to her on next Monday and dine en famille P She and Eugene could not agree upon the location of the conservatory. They needed an empire. Eugene was positively autocratic.' ' And would dear Mrs Noroross make one at the theatre-party she was getting up for Irving's first night ?' Then, with joyous thanks, and an adieti waved from the tips of her pearl-sticked ostrioh-feather fan, she turned from them flashing and smiling, and, gradually making her way to the velvet portiere that separated the parlors from the rear of the house, the disappeared behind them. 'Wonderful!' Mrs Delany exolaimed, in tones of genuine admiration, a« the velvet draperies fell softly together onoe more, •hutting out the radiant vision. «What?' ' Amelia's aelf • control. The eard that Bennett brought her agitated her excessively. She had twitted it into a perfect oorkscrew before you had made up your mind about the theatre-party. The person is noc welcome.' ' That, at least, goes to prove that Eugene did not marry a provincial.' ' I yield that point; But one would like to know a little something of the anteoedents of one's own brother's wife.' If it had been Mrs Delany's privilege to go with her sister-in-law into the presenee of the person who was patiently waiting in the study, her curiosity might have been ftatply if not agreeably satisfied on the soore of anteoedents. It was John Lorimer's wife who sat there waiting for the tardy ooming of . her sister Amelia, Ninette's mother. As the radiant young thing who had just suooeesfully run the gauntlet of several soore of critical eyes flitted into the dimmer region of Mr NorcrowJ< study, Nora stood up confused and bewildered. They kissed each other, and they called each otuer ' Norrie'and'Mellie,' but, even as their embracing arms fell apart, the look of psin and bewilderment deepening on Mrs Larimer's face, she recognizod that she was locking at her sister over a yawning abyss. ' I don't understand at all, Amelia! 1 have beea trying to find you for a month. When I heard that you were Mrs Eugene Norcross, A urew more utterly bewildered than ever. What does it mean P You cannot—have ' 'My letter was explicit enough, heaven knows!' Mrs Norcross interrupted her rudely, laughed nervously, and settled herself oa the other end of Nora's sofa. ' Your letter ?' ' Yos,-my letter, in which I told you the whole truth. I thought it would be safest. When I sent Ninette to you and told you I was going to Europe with that old woman as her paid companion, I told you that I could not take Ninette with me, beoause it was only on the understanding that I had no ties she would have me. She eaid she wanted no tear-shedding females about her. You knew all that, before.' • Well. I thought no wsong of it, either.' • But I did not tell you the whole truth, Nora. If that old woman had not been Eugene Noroross's mother,_ and if he had not been going over with her, 1 never would have taken the position. It a'l turned out splendidly. The old Ia3y died in Nice. I had seen none of her family, but her eon, on this side. I oame back Mrs Eugene Noroross. When I wrote you from Paris that I was going on the stage, it was to prevent you from hunting me up, ma chere. £ knew your horror of stage people. One oannot hope to sucoeed in life,—succeed as I hav«, —' she glanoed comprehensively about her, —' if one dare not finesse a little, even with one's own sister. As for the child, she was always much fonder of you than she was of me. I wrote you a long letter three weeks ago. I told you in that letter that I did not mean Ninette should be a pecuniary burden to you.' Nora put her hand to her head with a distracted gesture: ' I grow more bewildered at every word, Amelia. I never got your letter. I have heard from you but onoe since the day Celeste came to me with your little girl, bringing the letter telling me you were going to Europe as a companion. That onoe was when yon wrote me you were going on the stage. I cried over that letter, Mellio, and I prayed so hard that you might be kept pure and sweet.' Mrs Eugene Norcross smiled indulgently: ' A ruse, Norrie, my dear, but a necessary one. I knew your abhorrence of the stage, •ind I knew, or thought I knew, that if you bslieved me to be on the stage you would sbun me as you would a leper.' ' And you wanted me to shun you P' ' Yes.' A cold, hard lock had oonie into the radiant young face. ' I, who have beeu mother and sister and teacher all ia one to you, Mellie ? I, who never wanted you even to try to support yourself at type-writing?' ' Yes.' It oame monotonously from the full red Hps which after each utterance Mrs Noroross drew fiercely ic under her glistening white teeth. ' But why?' ' I told you why in thai letter.' ' But I never got the letter, I tell you.' ' Then I will have to go over the whole hateful chapter once more. But not here. This is Mr Noroross's study, and he might come in unexpectedly.' She got up, almost dragging her sister with her. ' Why should Mr Norcross not find me here P' Nora asked, resentfully. ' I have a right to come to see my own sister, have I not, Amelia P, Amelia made an irritated motion with her pretty hands: ' I have so much to tell you, Nora, and the house is so full of people. You must follow me. Some one might interrupt us.' She dropped her sister's hands, and, sweeping rapidly forward, led the way, by a rear staircase, to the upper floor, never once pausing in her graceful sinuous progress until they reached a email dres»ing-room, perfeot in all appointments, through the open door of which she got a glimpse into a bedroom fitted up with still more Oriental splendor. 'Now! We are safe!—quite safe! Eugene never intrudes here. We can talk oomfortably.' She pushed Nora into an easy chair, acd, seating herself close beside her, began nervously: ' I am sorry you failed to get that letter. It would have saved you this trip.' ' No. I came to the oity independently of any expectation of seeing you. I had believed you were on the stage. I had given yon up for dead. I plaoed the child where its pioper protectors would be obliged to eare for it, and then—then-— But I did not oome here to talk abont myself. Tell me all that you have kept from me so long, Amelia.' (To be oontinued.) 