' THE NOVELIST. t THE VIKING AND THE CARL CASE. (By Howland Grey). Uncle Stephen's awfully clever. He is in the Government, and in Parliament, and all the rest of it. He's a bachelor, which is sensible enough, and he's rich, and I'm his godson, Reginald Stephen Symes - Byittei field commonly called Buttercup in my house at Rugby. Uncle Steve used to to me, and to a me well, till last year he got shirty because I stuck in the shell as if I had been a winkle. You see he never cared for games-in fact, he must have been a champion duffer at them-and he could not, or would not, understand that a \- chap who had just got into his house eleven was' not likely to have much time for fooling over his remove in the *' cricket. Anyhow, I didn't get it. and "if my tutor, known as " Waxy Jim," sent in a beastly report. of Then I meant to wink at my holiday task ; but unluckily, the pater took a house,, at Eastbourne just the place for a clinking good time, not the place to mug up a long poem. My cousin, Vi Chipperfield, was there too - the prettiest girl in the place, and the jolliest. She was a rattling good tennis player, and I drew her for my partner in the tournament, and we won a first prize. She got engaged soon after to Captain Treherne, and I have wondered if we should have won if we hadn't happened to play against him. They were to be married in January, and I was to go the wedding. There are such a string of us-eight, if you count the four girls-that the old paler, can't give me over much tin. Now I liked Yi awfully, and I didn't forget how Tiohprne used to take me out of fishing, so I made up my mind to save a good bit of Uncle Steve's up to buy her a a present. It was a very nasty one for me when I paid him my usual visit * after I'd been to the dentist before term began, and instead of the one he gave me a lecture as long as my arm. We had an awfully good lunch, but I wouldn't enjoy it, even though the tooth was out, because he looked as glum as a sick cat. "I- am thoroughly dissatisfied with you, Reginald," he began, .' May I ask I what you did to justify your report last , term?" ''"Well. sir I suppose it was the cricket.'' I couldn't lie, but he ought to have seen it was a jolly decent excuse. But he didn't ; not he. He began to take: the most frantic humbug about cricket being no good to get a man on in the world, which shows that being in the Government doesn't teach a man everything. If I set up as a school- master, should I have a chance without cricket? I ask everybody. I mean to go into the army, though, it I can get through the blooming exam. But to go back to Uncle Steve. I Rat and just watched an old bluebottle buzzing round his bald head while he travelled on, and on like a deputation parson. ? He got on to foster after a bit. Said it was a brutal game. As if he'd ever been in a scrummage in his life ! Then at last he got to the point. "I am seriously annoyed and disappointed, Reginald, and I shall not make you my usual present either this term or any term until you. get a prize." That was a bit of a crusher. I knew I simply hadn't the ghost of a chance unless I gave up everything, especially my pals Standing and Hesseltine. Old Pug and.' Hops -don't steady a chap. We get larking, and young Copplestone was" in our dormitory that term. Going down to Rugby I'd settled to work. For ; one thing, I should be hard up; for another, the master cried when I told her about sInce Steve, and I^felij.pimply 4 beastly. " " - '- - " A Wells never was lucky, but I swear I meant to grind like "mad. Only the very first night we found out they'd taken away the good old wooden beds, all over names and things, and put nasty green lions in their places. I was particularly angry because I'd cut-my name-all of item big letters that had taken nights and nights to do. Copplestone said, " Let's have a revolu- tion and smash these beastly beds." You see, we were a bit restive, and some Low I forgot all about the work and the rest, and we had a i are old rag. We must have made no end of a run, for by and-by we heard people coming. What was the fellow in the sixth about to tell his 0 he was an awful ass, and we kicked him out before it began. The next thing was to barricade, and we stuck two chests of drawers one on top of the other. Like an utter fool I clambered up to the top to steady things, and, as bad luck would have it, fell down with a crash and simply cut one knee all to pieces on the broken bedsteads. refuse? I believe you. Only in the middle of it all I fainted. Awfully funny thing to do. And the next thing was I was in the infirmary for three weeks. 'Beastly enough on me. No footer for the term. No prizes either, for that matter.- Chopplestone's a pating, good chap. He went to the A J? blue and said that the revolution was « this get-up. But, of course, that didn't prevent the parents having to pay along price for the beds. Being laid up is slow. If I'd got hurt in a respectable match I shouldn't have minded half as much. But I don't think I shall revolute again. It doesn't . seem to pay. Uncle Steve wrote four i pages of jaw. . A bit late in the day " when a fellow was on his back with a lines all plaster like an Italian image. I did get moped. I used to spend a lot of time talking to the nurse She was a good sort, and in the afternoons she was everlastingly sewing clothes for a lot of little tow-headed dolls. She told me all about the Truth Show, and how the dolls were for poor kids at the hospitals. Then she said one year she'd done a big one the size of a baby, and won a prize, a silver-backed brush. She wanted me to tell my sisters about it, but I didn't, because they were doing a mantelpiece border for me, and doing it 1 jolly slowly too. And Ethel's so soft, 'as she heard a kid hadn't got a doll she'd saw her Augurs to the bone, and not think how shabby my study fireplace looHg. But I felt sorry for the kids myself stuffed up indoors all days. Only it wasn't that that made me do as I did. I don't want to get credit for being charitable when I'm not, like chaps who put buttons in the missionary bag in chapel." No. It was like this. I thought if I could do a doll and get a prize, how I should sell Uncle Steve. He said he'd tip me if I got a prize, not what the prize was to be for. The more , I thought of it the better the notion seemed. When I was a kid myself I was awful. After the twins came, I used to get a pail and lang outside the night nursery door on it with a broom handle, howling, " Wake up, babies," and they generally did wake. So far three they shipped me off to a Kindergarten school every day, and there, being too young to know it wasn't my business, they taught me to sew and knit and paint and cut out Handy if-I was on a troopship, and the regiment got wrecked on a desert island, you know LL I told the verse about it, and she thought it very good business and sent for the dolL How the chaps did shout * . -whentney saw the thing come out of a box as big as a coffin, in a very short Bhirfc. Old Copplestone wanted me to rig it up us an executioner, with a block and a blackness, and a head in one Land. Said held paint a head that would give any child life. The nurse laughed awfully, but she said she didn't believe that was what the people who gave the money to buy the dolls wanted. But I have my own plan. I'd just read " The Young "Vikings." A clinking! boot. None of your humbug about girls and lovemaking and all that trash, but no end of fighting, plenty of wounds and tortures. Awfully jolly. They ought to make a play of it. I determined my doll should be "Sigurd the Fair-haired." It took no end of a to me. I got the picture and copied it. The horse' had to help me see the tunic thing up thought I got the shape all right. I did his hair and made long moustaches out of some of it glued on, and and altered his face with Indian red till he looked quite fierce. I made the girls send me some of their old gloves to cut up for leggings, but I never told then a word about it. Copplestone and Pug and Nop3 were very keen over Sigurd. They hunted all the plumbers and places to get the stuff to do the armour. Coppy was always to sorry about the revolution, he didn't care what, he did. Especially as the Rhine only put back new iron again in our dormitory. My knee was an awful time healing. Sigurd was all done before I was, in school on a crutch, but before he was packed off I was nearly all right. The holidays didn't begin till the 10th, just in time for the show at the Albert Hall We live in Porchester Terrace"; so does Coppy ; but the girls wore awfully surprised when we asked them to put on their best hats to go out with us. We didn't say where to, you bet. It was a fine day, and there were lots of people going to the Albert Hall. The girls saw " Toy Show " up in big letters, and still they never guessed why I'd brought them. How should they? I must say it's a good show, and while the girls were going half mad over some dolls' houses, I was all eyes for Sigurd. There he was between Charles I and some other historical Johnnie, Coppy saw first, and sniggered. " Take 'em up to him. See, he's got a prize. It is a lark." You should have seen their faces when they read the placard, which I'd written very big THE YOUNG THING, SIGURD THE PAIR. ".,,., Dressed by Reginald S. Symes-Butter field", 48 Porchester Terrace. Fifth Prize. Ethel simply pranced when an old girl in a purple velvet cloak said " Dressed by a man, indeed! I simply don't believe it." ' Coppy, who's a thorough gentleman, took the whole pack of girls to the confectioner's in the High street. They had chocolates and cream things. He'd even have stood them ices, only the silly, idiot, said they didn't keep them at that time of the year. We all went home in the 'bus, and the matter said I should take her, too, the second day, and was as proud as Punch. You see', I waited to see if I'd got a prize or not, before asking her. But, of course, the best man was when I went down to see Uncle Steve at his chambers. Uncle Steve was in a tem- pere Government wasn't doing what he wanted. In fact, some people thought his lot would get thrown out over some Bill or other He was arguing with a pal, and the queer part of it was that they were both on the same side against somebody who wasn't there, and they had both let out their cigars and got quite purple with rage when I was let in. Uncle Steve was not at all glad to see me. He didn't pretend to be " Well, Reginald, what are you here for? You should wait to be asked, and not come till then." .' Well, sir" I said, "I just wanted to tell you I'd won the" prize, in' case you might like to keep your word." He was a bit pleased, though he tried not to show it. '' Not such a fool as he looks, eh, Pai*quharaoa-P"-said lie- to his friend. "What's it for? Latin Verse? mathematics? what's" . * " It's for dressing a doll." " Dressing a doll ? Reginald, if you think yourself a wag, you are very much mistaken." "Well, uncle, you. said you'd tell me if I won a prize. You never said it had to be for any particular thing. I got into the infirmary.' I heard about this show at the Albert Hall. If you go there to-morrow you can see The Young "Viking,' fifth prize, for yourself." Mr. Farquharson, who was very fat, had began to laugh till I thought he'd go to pieces. Uncle Steve couldn't help joining in at last. Then I knew it was all right. " Rather comical to see the name Symes Butterfield pinned on a Radical doll," and then old Parquhrson roared again. " Better send one in done up as a Dame of the Primrose League next year. Expect they all think you did it to beguile the cares of office. Look here, my lad, it's such a good joke, ? you must take this." With Uncle Steve's two quid it made three for he stumped up like a Briton in the end. I spent seven-and-six in a plush work-box for the nurse ----- red, with no end of gold on the corners. She deserved it. I could afford it, you see. I didn't need to spend one cent of it on Ti, because my prize was a grand silver card-case in a blue velvet box. ' I gave her that. You didn't suppose I spent sixpence on such a humbugging paper as The Glass of Fashion for nothing. It's full of the most utter rot about toques and chiffons, and things that no one ever heard of or wanted to hear of. As if I cared to know Lady Billy went shopping or Lady Grannie didn't. No. I wanted to see Tins picture . and Yes, it doesn't look bad in the lists of presents ; " Mr. R. Symes Butterfield, solid silver card case." - Black and White. 