It is not very, wonderful that the hys terical people of Sydnpy 5yl(o opposed the Connnonwealth Bill and found thern salves in a aifapysty should st first refuse to be epmfortpd. JTaj'ipg lived qq q campaign of slqndpr agaipst'tiieir fellqw eounttymen, they find themselves and their libels alike discredited by the blilk of tlie people to witqtn they nppeqied. It ptay be adiiiiftcd that tlie situation Ls pot pf the pleasanfest, because it is so provokingly suggestive of having been "found -out." But your trup arfist ought to know better than to get ntqd and threaten tq break tilings, as thp "Daily Telegraph" does wlipn it tell? us that the 80,000 people who voted against the Rill will noiv carry tlie war info the "Federal Parliament, and stonewall all pro gress, untilthev get under the Constitution tlip amendments they sought to have put iuto the Rill. This is a mere exhibition of temper. It is not perhaps unnatural; if. may pqf be a crime, but it is a blunder. Anglo-Saxons pride themselves, rightly or wrongly, that they know how to be good losers. They have no sympathy witli people pf the kidney ivho go into pvery contest determined on achieving a win, a tie or a w (angle. The Federal battle in Sydney has been j fought, and fought to a finish, so far as I tlie Commonwealth Rill is concerned. All the real defects in it, and they are many, as well as scores of imaginary ones, have I been elaborated before tlie people as rea- j sons wlty they should not accept it. The pcoplo at large heard all, and determined 'that the objections against the Bill do not outweigh its merits. And thev were right. "What is still more to tlie purpose, they had a perfect right so to decide, even though in the minds of others their judg ment was mistaken. And we will say further, and with a punctuated meaning as a protest against this menace of a Federal stonewall, that no one who grasps the elementary principles of Democracy would dream of denying tlte legitimacy. of the Sovereign voice of tlie people when spoken unequivocally at tlie ballot box. Tlte cool assumption that- .Sydney pos sesses the ghost of a preferential right in a Federal Parliament is one that will as suredly need and receive firm, calm and temperate suppression. "We are glad to recognise the truth that these offensive air are not put on by tlie people at large. lien in tlie Seventies the advance of Vic toria in wealth, population and intellec tual and political progress had left the mother colony a belated community, Sir John Robertson thought that he had more than half redeemed tlte prestige of his colony hv calling Victoria a "cabbage "garden." Twenty years later, Sir Henry Parkes, in tlte same arrogant- vein, pro posed to change the name of Yew South Wales into "Australia." Following on tlie same lines, we bare, Mr. Reid asserting Sydney's right to he the Federal capital, and telling his audiences that he holds a sort of prescriptive claim to he tlte first Premier of the new Connnonwealth. There js neither reason nor precedent to justify him. Al| the States enter this Union on equal terrns, and no Australian statesman is entitled to a hnir's-breadth of precedence over any other save that which tlie con fidence of the electors reposes in him. We are told that our troubles are only just beginning, Thjs (ve are quite pre pared tq beljeve. Tpdced, tp people who are able to discern what lies half an inch in adi'ance qf their noses, this ought to have been patent from the moment when the Convention clpsed its labors so prematurely. We know quite well that it was a radical error to make the State finances abso lutely dependent on a Federal vote, and tq leave the debts and railways an open ques tion. But these omissions, though they wjll require much time and thought for remedial action, are not irreparable errors. They cap be, and they pill be, provided for, though tliey will test nil our best Federal statesmanship. Fprenipst qmpng them is equal Statu representation. Nobody who kpow? what is the meaning of an equal franchise will seek to defend a principle which invests a. Tasmanian elector witli ten times the voting power tlptt a .Victorian possesses, It is a blot on the Federal Rill, and it- is a WTOPg which should nevpr have been there. But we decline to believe that it is so seri ous a defect that iyc ought to delay Fe'ic-. ration uptjl it is removed.' At the same time there cannot lro tlie smallest objection to making it a question of constitutional reform when tlie time arrives for such matters to be debated. The Liberals of Victoria who accept the Commonwealth Rill because its merits out\veigii its de fects are no more blind to tlte latter thqp are tlie irreeopeileabies of New South Wales. Tp tlirpatcq ps that the SQ,QQ0 f'Noes" of New South Wales are going tq form themselves into a kind of Cave of Adullam, hecaqse titey cannot coerce the majority, would 'be inexcusable were it not po plainly an outburst of- impotent petulanee-thc" want of that philosophic temperament which can sustain tetnpomry defeat with out loss of dignity. It is not in the least true tq say that tliere cap be nq gepuinc Federal Union under the Commonwealth Rill. It is correct to say that ti|e Union will he an upscieptific one, while "Stafe "rights" remajp h perpet,iml source of fric- tipn ip the (pqchinery, and tlie debts apd tlie railways are left in the position pf Mahopipt's coffin; lint all these things ape what patriotism will seek to remedy, not tp raj) qt as defects which (pake it abso lutely umvorkahle. The attitude of t)iip eqlopy is a striking contrast. Victoria Jius maintained a dignified reticence while her neighbors were peltipg her wjth con- tppiely. Site will, however, have her tprn tp speak, and her orators pipv do worse titan make it clear at once that they enter thp eqnting Upjpn Without conceding a scintilla of her just claims- In view pf the constant complaint that it is increasingly difficult ta fill he churches which do not resort tq thp ajtrnc- tipns of ornate ritual, an experiment which is copvulsjng religious circles ip Aiperic-p is wort!) attention- Tlte liev. D(. Hillis, who has recently taken charge of tl)e. Ply mouth Church ip Brooklyn, adopted the plan 0 selecting as the tppjps of his discourses themes and characters taken frpm famous noves instead pf from the Bible. The innovation was sppcessfnl, and his Clti(rch lias been erotvded tq hear ser mons founded on Hawthorne's "Scarlet Letter," Victor Hugo's "Lps Miserable" and ope of fleorge Eliot's navels- The congregations are reported t-p have beep deeply touched by ihe pathos pf thp stories, and . people w(p never gp to church have cleared put hp local booksellers' stocks of thp stan dard novels Mr. Hillis has chosen to dilate upon. There is invariably a penalty for success of this kind, and his rival clerics have admonished tlipjv adventurous brother. Dr. Cuyler, a 'lending Presiiy- teriap, declared no minister should preach a sermon from Cfeorge Eliot, "who lived in "opep vipiatipn pf que of the Cqmmapd- "ments." This criticism would apply with much thp samp force to t.lio pulpiteer who takes his text from tlie Psalms of David or the Proverbs pf Solomon. At leaqt so the American press "thinks, and it is warmly commending Ur: Hillis for adopt ing tlie tactics of Mahomet by taking hjs pulpit to the people if the people will not come to his jmlP't- ilelbqurne has beard Dr. Talmage, and wjll suspect that there pre soiqe Americap p(eache(s who swell their congregations by a resort to methods much more questionable than that of this Brooklyn divine. One English preacher, the rvitty Bishop Soqtli, \yben lie wished to inveigh against the exaggerated mode of hair dressing prevalent amongst tlie ladjes pf his day, contriyed tq get a Biblical text to his purpose by selecting the last four words of the sentence; Lcf hira that is upon the i(Quse-"tap (k)not "eonte down." This may |taye tickled, but could hardly have edified, itis hearers. To tlie layman it would seem that, as subjects for sermons, there is not much to citoose between the punishment of Hester Prvnne and tlie story of the ivoman taken in adultery, or between the Sermon op the Sount and the practical belief in its pre cepts shown in the actions of Hugq's Good Bishop. If the fate of Hetty Sorrel will tpuch the heart of the American Pharisee, qr the moral undoing of Tito warn the selfish youth of tlie United States, it is difficult tq see (vhy the effec tive weapons for the war against vice fur- nished by the genius of Qcorge Eliot should not be used in a sermon. The in stances supplied by the characters in Hp)' Writ may have lost most of their cogency through familiarity. After years oi church going one who has kept awake through thousands of sermons on well worn topics can feel little curiosity as to how they will be handled. All preachers arc not distinguished by oratorical gift', and their efforts to deal once more with tiie conventional subjects do not fill their churches, it. was a clergyman who wanted to condemn an enemy to be "preached to "death by wild curates," aud it is to be feared that tlie interest in homilies lias not increased since the time of tlie Rev. Sydney Smith. The belief that every form of religious exercise should he in the nature of a penance is part of the Puritan inheritance of most English speaking people. Yet it cannot be to the interest of religion iu these days that sermons should — to put it plainly — bore people into supporting churches only from the outside. If modern fiction supplies more teUiug ih lustrations of the working of mora! laws than does the Hebraic literature, the resort to it seems less irreverent than the studied eccentricities of mauy sensational popular preachers. " Whilo the representatives of the Powers are trying to find soipe grpund of agree ment at the Peace Conference at the Hague, the tortuous ways of diplomacy demonstrate in tlie Far East, the absolute mistrust each nation entertains qf the in tentions of tbe others. The St. Petersburg journals profess dissatisfaction witli the Anglo-Russian agreement, emphasising the fact that the clause securing, on paper, the integrity of China was inserted by Russia, tvhich is much distressed at the suspected design of Great Britain to seize tlie Yang- tse-Kiang Valley. A high official at St. Petersburg lias admitted to tlie London "Daily Telegraph" correspondent his belief that Russia wapts peace for fiye years, when the trans-Siberian railway will bp completed, and Port Arthur made impreg nable as a harbor for a powerful squadron. Till that time Japan is to be kept-out of its threatened alliance witli Great Britain, Germany nnd tlie United States by tlie fear that the partition of China will be followed by tlie ruin of the Mikado's king dom. Tiie same authority exults in tlie de feat of what lie calls Lord Charles Berps- fqrfi's "secret mission," aimed at establish ing a jojnt military convention pf Euro pean Powers to do for China what lias been done fpr Egypt, apd claims the failure of the gallant Admiral's attempt as another triumph for Russian diplomacy. Almost simultaneously tiie correspondent of an other London paper at Berlin positively announces the existence of an agreement between Great Britain and China to ar range for tlie protection of Amoy, Foo Chow and the mouth of tlie PoUto Rivrr, Where tlie Taku forts thirty years ago were easily captured by a British force. He avers that, tlte submarine m.ines, elept(ic batteries nnd exploding bupys for ' tlie de fence of these ports are even ppw being got ready by a Gerpiaii fin"- It is signifi cant that, a day or two after tlie reoeipt of this ppws by mail, the cables in form 'I9 the intended seizure by Russia Of tiie group of islands on tlie Gulf of Pe- chi-li, which command tlie mouth of the Peiho, and consequently the waterway to Pekjn. This intelligence once more sug gests tl(at Russia has earned in tlie modern worid thereputation of Cartilage ill ancient times! and that "Ptiuica fides't may justly be held a characteristic of Russian diplor ninpy, Then Germany also is ac cused of aggressive projects, and the repent massing of Chinese troops qn the Shantung frontier is said to be due to tlie certainty that any disorder near the German sphere would instantly be made he excuse for extenffing the Kaiser's protectorate over tlie whoie of that pro vinpe. Tlie leading German merchants have been complaining that the restric; lions existing under tlie rule pf the man darins make trade impossible, and urge that one province under proper, that is, Ger man, administration would be more valu able to them commercially than the wliolq country is now- As if these complications were not more than sufficient, the situa tion )S renfiered Still riskier by tlie ap proaching rivalry between France and Great Britain for tlie control pf Slain, a country where 80 per cent, of tip foreign trade is ip English hands, accordipg tq the American Minister at Bangkok. From this capital a railway is now being carried qprth, and W'R give access fct goptli 0|iina and our "sphere of influence" tbpre. This line is at present likcjy to he connected With Sajgqh, and it is of great importance to England that it should have connec tions witli Bangopn qnd British Burmqh, as well as ryifb French strategic points. It is fortunate, perhaps, that the Peace Conference lias not attempted to raise the question of an arpiAble settlement of tlie ambitious projects of all the nations who are thus striving npt tp he left behind in the scramble for fragments of China. The creation of a power strong enPPgh tp en force unquestioning obedjepcc to tlie rul ing qf any arbitrator as to these conflicting . claims seeing a long way off. If (t evet comes into being, it is just possible t|int tl|P sanie segge (if justice which brpught it into existence piay coinpe it first qf fill to inquire whether China's qwg clqim is pot the best, if might (g really nq lqng?r to he right in tjie affairs of the nations. 