To the Editor of the 'Evening News.' Sir, — Among the latest developments that have ap peared respecting this all important subject is the interview with Mr. Peacock, of Victoria, which at, this juncture is of considerable moment, and it may be to 9azne an enlightenment. . 'There is no doubt about it,' said Mr. Peacock, 'that if the Federal Parlia ment controlled the selection, there would not be the slightest ghost of a show of any other place but Bal lai-at being the federal capital.' We ought to be thankful that this gentleman has been so frank and ? honest, although hfe may unconsciously have let the 'cat out pf the bag.' This was a matter prear ranged*, irrespective of the mother colony, Queensland, or anywhere else, and we should thank our stars that some of ?our folk were cute enough to see through it. When Mr. Peacock was asked where he thought the capital would be: 'In the Ooama district, some where near Bombala, most likely. And for this reason Victoria would support such a site, because she wants to open up her magnificent Gippsland territory.' We all know the Cooma district to be 200 miles from Syd ney. What, then, comes of the 100-mile agreement? Was it a little dust thrown into Mr. Reid's eyes, and before he grot it. removed the conference was closed? Considering the admissions made by Mr. Peacock, perhaps some of the expressions given vent to re specting the action of our kin* ov-er the border, may not look so silly as some may think, and it is high time now for us to maintain the integrity of New South Wales. It will be childish after a matter of this kind has been settled to our disadvantage for us to say that we did not know these affairs were being arranged in advance. Respecting the climate of Bom bala, I noticed in the telegram news a few days ago. that 'hail covered the ground to a depth of from 3in to 12in.' This isja 'summer shower!' What about the winter? The' advocacy of all the southern sites are to the advantage of Melbourne, as she' is already the emporium of our Riverina district. — Tours, etc, . COLONIST. 