RK MERCIJRY, THE HHOST OF 8 COMPANY A CORPORAL'S YARN", "The immorality of ghostes," isaid the corporal in charge of the squad, has "Immortality," suggested the too-frestt recruit. "Shut your face, sir! I said immorality and immorality it is! Get out"there~an<I hustle some wood for the fire—you and your immortality. I was saying,' when that would-be colleger opened his baby face, that the im-mor-al-ity of .ghostses is curious—they're as forid of ihe weemen after death as before.. You read the books and see if the spooks ain't back because of a woman half the time There was Reddy Rodd, as was struck on Lucy Kleinhart, in B Company. He. was after her every day when he was alive, and do you think he let her alona* after he was shot? No; he &a;'nted her." \ . "When was that, corp'ral?" 'Til--tell you when Mr Jimmie Fresh has stirred the fire, for yer souls'll freeze before I'm done. 'Twas lo- ong back; when I was fresh myself, -and prided myself that I knew more than my superiors. So 'twas lo-ong back, when my face was pink -like a baby's, and my mouth was open with no cause, and m?; conceit " . "Try my tobacco, corporal, do," cried the recruit, hurriedly. r " "We-ell," said the non-com., filling Ws pipe and forgiving- the recruit. " "It was a boy I was, and Reddy-Hodd was tp ina what I am now to you, young fellQw, a father and protector, and, when it, was needed, a castigator. ^ There's no girls in the army now like the giri Lticy ISeinhaft "was. Lucy's dad, old Kleinhart, was a war man, hut only a private, 'cause of beer. There was another corp'ril in the company, and his name was Meigs. Meigs and Rodd had joned together, an' been promoted almost simul—slmult—" . 'Simultaneously,'' said the recruit. 'Shut your face," yelled the corporal •You're not a. dictionary, are you? Fetch some more wood. They was promoted almost together. They was thick as ever, was them two bunkies. till each got his narrow stripe. Lucy was a shortfrocked girl at the post school when the First joined but in a year or two says Reddy Rodd to Meigs at a -hop — * That there girl of Kleinhart's grown up immense,* he says. 'She's big enough for a corp'ril to dance with,'"he says. So he.danced with her, and then Meigs he danced with her, an' them eyes they just struck both of 'em like Mauser bullets, so they did So 'twas soon, when Reddy Rodd was in structing of me in the antelope shooting one day out by our two selves on leave; says he—'You're a sensible boy,' he says. Look at me fair,' he says. * Am I not a fine build of a mkh? " he says In truth he.was, and I told .him so—poor old Reddy. "You're a sensible boy, and can keep a tight upper lip,' says he, 'so tell me straight—d'ye think Lucy Klein hart would have me.' ' An* I told him to go in and win. I s'pose it eased him like to get an opinion on his case, like when you have a touch of malaria. He asked her, and the very same night Meigs, he asked her, and there it was. They was both fine, smart men, and bound to rise in the army, and Lucy she didn't know which to take and kept a-playin* with them, till they was worried and sick and wouldn't talk more than civil—them as had been so thick. "Ye mind the year or two after the Custer massacre? Well, we was busy them days; '76 was busy times, but the •78 campaign was lively, too. We was through it, an' of course the weemen an' girls was left at the post One night we was in. camp at: a bend- in a iereek, a permanent camp, good "for fuel, forage an* ' water, and the reds, we knew, wasn't very far away, 'cause we'd seen 'em spyin* on us from the bluffs, but they * weren't in force. What there was we thought was on t'other side the creek, an' the pickets had orders to challenge but once, and then fire if they sighted anything queer near tlieir. post, for a daring devil had knifed a sentry not long ago, without him having a clumce to call out or give the alarm. Them young Injuns was always looking out for a chance to distinguish them selves in that there kind of way. "Reddy Rodd was a corporal of the guard that night, but was taken sick, and Meigs was detained to relieve him. Meigs went on just in time to post a re lief, and Reddy went back to his tent, stripped and lay down, but his sickness would not let him rest, and he was tip and down. Well, Meigs—he was a care ful man. on ! duty—he wasn't satisfied with posting his relief, but, after he'd given the last sentry his orders pretty far out of camp, he says to the fellows re lieved: 'Wait where you are a minute,' says he; 'there's been vrhisky in cainp this day, and there's whisky-boozing going on to-night outside camp, and I'm darned," he says, 'if I don't nail 'em.' For it was no time for the boys to be drinkin', with Injuns around. Off goes Meigs, all alone, to a little gully, which was the place he meant. Next thing there was a shot and a yell and a cry from the cor poral for the guard to come up." "Meigs was cool, but the whole camp was roused. "I got somethin* better than I expected,' says Meigs to the officer of the day. . *No whisky, but another sneaking Injun ibokiiig for a careless picket to knife.* So he goes with the oflieer and the guard to a huddled-np figure in a blanket they could hardly see because of ; the black' night. ! ; 'A 1 good shot,' says'flie officer of the day, 'very good, corp'ril,* he says, and" strikes match, and back he jumps: Good lord, corporal!' he cries. 'It's Corporal Rodd, And it was. . The sickness had let liim get no rest', and . he'd" just swung his blanket round him and slipped out of Minn a bit. and met his fate. "Meigs, raved,-so they 1 had to put him under guard, and the accident made the whole camp miserable. Soon after the accident, the winter setting in, we were ordered back to the post, , the campaign for us being over, but days before that we laid old Reddy in the ground, with a headboard over him, so's we might.find him again, if need be.- Mighty sorry we all were, for he was a fine build of man. Still, we expected him to rest, and I'm thinking ghostses would have better jobs to be attending to where they're , put than coming back to their old sweethearts. That's where their im moral-ity shows up, "Well, Meigs he was like a, dumb man for a long time when he wasn't raving, and sure we thought the man would transfer to another regiment, or at least to another company than old B Company, but he didn't He stayed on, and the officers were mighty sorry for him, and the weemen petted him for shooting his old bunkie by mistake. And Lucy Kleinhart, she was brokenhearted at first, but came round, and before Christmas she was consoling Meigs best she knew, and then two things hap pened. Our old First Sergeant he tired for old age, and the old man made Meigs First Sergeant—he was a good sol dier, was Meigs. Sim-ul-tan-e-ously " was' announced, so it was, that Meigs was going to marry^ Lucy, and glad was old Kleinhart to see his daughter .get/so .promising a man as Meigs, for he was getting to be a wreck. "Well I mind the night when Meigs faced us at retreat with the diamond on hie chevrons, and called the toIL FRIDAY, SEPTE sHe'd been pale and thin, but^was picking up, and that night he was smiling-. Off he rattles the roB in fine style with no breaks, and the captain was crossing the parade ground frons his house when Meigs steps to the end of the line. " 'Ri-i-ight dress!' says he, sharp'and loud; for he had a fine commanding voice, had Meigs. 'Steady, Front!' and back be starts for his place t& salute the captain and report, the 'company present or accounted for.* He dl&i;'t : get there right away. Half-way he stopped and, oh, hoys, you should have se®n the horror in that poor devil's face! Twas dead man, .so it was, saving the" way his lower jaw dropped down and jerked up and dropped down and jerked up. Then he says, in a cracked, low voice— '.Twas an accident,'i-he says,.and waitad minute, as it listening to some one, and then he tips with his rifle, butt tothe front, and hits out at the air. We were all too astonished to move. Anyway, it was ali over *n half a minute. Meigs comes to himself, and when the captain arrived, though his face "was white and his Voice shook, he saluted all ht and reported. - But none of us dared to speak to the new First that night, and he locked himself in his orderly room. "But he was -shook, and 'it was Reddy Rodd we saw,* was the whisper that night. Little Coxey, the trumpeter, son of old Coxey of L Company, was my neighbor In barracks, his bunk next mine in a corner. The little man was all ashake with fear at the ghost stories h£ heard that evening before taps, and Bill let's you and me double up,* says he after tattoo. I was but a raw rookie myself, and was glad of -his ^company under the blankets, special when he was waked up near midnight by a howl from the. orderly room, where Meigs slept alone. We sat up-and Coxey grabbed my hand. That howl was not repeated, and after a minute the sergeant in charge of barracks gets up to the orderly-room door and knocked and asked if there was anything wrong. After a time Meigs answered — 'Nothing, sergeant. Sorry to have disturbed you. X guess I had a nightmare.' Twas Reddy Rodd lie saw again,* little Coxey whispered , to me. "Bill, do you think it was really an accident They were both in love with Lucy Kleinhart, weren't they?' *Don*t you dare <iven to whisper such things,' I says, and he was still holding my haiid when I got to sleep. Old Coxey —he's with the cavalry now, a First Sergeant himself,, and a fine build of a man. "Them young trumpeters hear every word spoken in the post, and Coxey must have heard what I had not Nasty things were being said about our new First Sergeant Everybody thought that Lucy would have chosen Reddy Rodd in the end, and when the marriage with Meigs was spoken of, the boys said 'accidents always made room for someone's promotion.* Coxey was not the only one whispering. D Company gave a hop.the night after that howl from the orderly room, and it was a full- dress affair, and the grand march was led be by D's old man with the First's wife on his arm. Most of us went and when the officers had gone we set in for the real dancing, and, of course, for the first waltz Meigs goes up to ask Lucy. He was like a ghost himself, but she was as rosy and jolly as ever. She was standing right in the middle of the room, and we made way for Meigs to reach her, and watched them natural like, for they were to be married the next week—week before Christmas. Up steps Meigs to within five paces, and there was no one between them. Suddenly Megs stopped short, and the sweat broke out all over him, and his lower jaw dropped, and he jerked up and dropped down and jerked up, and his face was like the face of a hanged man, only white, i.ucy was smiling at hirn when he stopped, and when she saw him turn like this she started to go to him, crying; 'Are you sick?' But he didn't answer aEd in a second Lucy, she, too, stopped stone still and the red ran from her cheeks and she shook. " 'Reddy Roddf she cried, and fainted. "The fellows ran to help her, and some were going to catch Meigs, when he made spring at—at something, and began to wrestle with—with it. It lasted a second, and he was carried out frothing at the mouth. They carried him to the hospital, and there he lay until the night of Christmas Eve. 'That broke up the dance, and there was queer talk among the fellows that night Old Kleinhart he had a house in Laundress's-row, and I tell you his neighbours were scared the night of the dance. Lucy went, into the next fit as soon as they got her out of the last and when she wasn't in a fit she was lying with staring eyes, answering 'Yes' or 'No,' while she listened to—Reddy Rodd. It was Reddy Rodd, and everybody knew his ghost was in tire post, and you couldn't have got the sergeant-major himself to cross the parade ground after dark alone. And Coxey and me, we was mighty glad Meigs was in the hospital and not in his orderly room howling at midnight. The hospital fellows said he was quiet enough up there and only asked to be let alone. Reddy Rodd's ghost didn't bother him there—'cause it was busy fixing things up with Lucy. And old Kleinhart, he says morning after the dance, Lucy wouldn't never marry Meigs, but it- was a good excuse for the old chap to get drunk and be carried to the guardhouse. Lucy was around the post in a day or two, but we didn't know her hardly. She'd pass you without seeing you, with a face like milk. And sometimes her eyes would glare, and some-times she'd cry, while she helped her mother with the washtubs. You bet no one said "Meigs' to her. But the searingest thing about her was like it happened to me. when I gave her good morning at the post-office. She began to talk to me, and all of a sudden she stopped and her eyes was fixed and she says, faraway like, but a bit impatient, 'Yesyes—yes. You do. your part; I'll do mine. I am quite strong enough.' She kept talk- S to herself that way like, but Coxey and I, we guessed that it was Reddy Rodd she was a-talking to. And, mind you, it was. Leave the fire alone, you. There's light enough to listen by. ^"Christmas Eve, Mother Brown—I mind her pies—she gave a party, she did, and she didn't want to invite Lucy, 'cause she feared she'd spoil the fun with her queer ways, but she did, and Lucy came, and me. and Coxey, and Spud Murphy, as died here before the real fighting begun, and only one or two more. We'd heaps of fun and a bit of a dance and refreshments, so we had, .and was feeling good, and Lucy was behaving like herself again, but she was pale. Two of the fellows got larking, and, begab, they smashed Mother Brown's best cheeney teapot Mother Brown took it easy—rest her old bones; they lie in what's Oklahoma now—but Lucy said it was a shame, so it was, and the man who did it should be court-n»rtia!led. So, for the fun of the thing, we formed a court in proper form, and Lucy was president, and 'twas me was judge-advocate, and we divided up the rest as witnesses and mem bers : of the court. Lucy took her seat at the table, and, eh! but* her face was white 1 then! "Says I: 'The court being now' duly formed, shall the prisoners be brought in?' "Lucy was sitting facing the door, the table .between her and it, and'between the table and the door was a good clear space. Man, you never saw such /eyes as hers that night They looked dean through the door and up the hill to the hospital, and into the hospital, and—at Meigs lying 1 there on his cot MBER iv 1809. "Mother Breim, jafli of A sudden, she began to tremble and moan. " "What's tber^jaiatter, LooT says she, 'What are you looking at, Loo?* "And I looked round, and the faces of the boys was worried and gray, aad they was like cattle before a blizzard comes. They didn't know w&at; to do or wSfether to ran or not I was all a-shake myself, and the palms of my fionda felt cold ssid damp. Bnt I says again: 'Shall t&e; prisoner ' and I got no further, fo? Luey looks at the door asf if someone had? •come- in, and says, in. the qsteer, distant voice she'd used at the post office: - " 'Ahl yon have come? Yes. He is coming now—he is almost hace/ "There was a big fire, in the- stove, but now it grew chill and chiller a»3? cold, but for the life ef us we could not stscak nor take our eyes from Lucy. - An5 the oil lamps of TS&other; Brown they'fiickferad and grew dim, but still there was araother light in ttte roon:, a queer, yeKbwishblue light Then I heard a voice lis my ear, close yet far away: " 1 like yoa, Bin . Don't forget me:r I was freezing with fear, but -I coufSn't move. It was Reddy's voice. "Then the door opens and in walks'— Meigs. He was in the nightshirt they had given him In the hospital. He'jf come straight from his cot but the nnrses= said they never saw him leave. The mans was half-corpse, bnt his eyes were glaring, and he looked right in Lucy's eyes air he halted before her. I wanted—we all wanted—to lay hold of him and take him back to the hospital, but we couldn't—we were like pests driven into the ground. ." "You know the charge,' said Lucy, with , them awful eyes on his. 'Did you kill Reddy Rodd intentionally? Are you guilty?' " 'Guilty!' yelled Meigs, like a madman. •Guilty, and I r d do it again for love of you! I knew.where he'd go—outside the camp. I laid for Mm, as I'd laid for months, when I first knew he loved you best Do what you will! If the devil himself had not come from hell to give me up, I'd have married yon. Now I don't care if the whole post knows the truth.' Then Lucy turned to a corner where it was. _ " 'I am satisfied/ says she. 'He acknowledges it Do what yon will.' "Then the sweat broke out again on Meigs, and liis lower Jaw dropped down and jerked up, and dropped down and jerked up, and he howled and howled and howled. " 'Again!' he shouted. 'In" my place on the parade, and at the dance, and here!' "And then something closed .with him and threw him to the ground, and suddenly Lucy rose up and shrieked a genuine woman's shriek. ' "Part them! Part them! Take him away! Drag him off! He's choking him! He's lulling him! Reddy! Reddy! Don't, oh! don'tr '"Who do you say?* someone cried. " 'Reddy Roddl' she screamed, and fainted, and when we came to our sense3 the room was warm and the lamps shone, but Meigs was black in the face and dead." Round the camp fire they were properly affected, but the recruit remarked reflectively: "If an Indian went out on the crawl to knife a sentry, he would hardly cumber himself with a blank " "Shut your face," yelle "and fetch more wood." d the corporal, — "New York Sun." 