THE DAY OF REST. i^THfteEINTERVIEWS WITH : jes|US. • Bt^OBN WATSON, D.D. {"Jan Madaien.") 'v> Jesus saw Nathaniel ooaiiiip to Sim, and aith of ^ ifcim, Behold an isaelite indeed, in whom is no guile.—John i. 47. i -And Jesus 'said to Nicodemus, "Verily, verily, Hit say. unto thee. Except a man be bom of water ; r-and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the Kingaom of God."—John iii. 5. = ^And Jesus said unto him (Zacchaens), "Tliis day come to this house, forsomuch as he : Juao is,tiK son of Abraham.''—Luke six. 9. l T,, written by the fourth Braagdist -.-xhacourMaster 'Ttnew -what "was in man;" desoa's life is a commentary upon that ft :.-]Jescfc'' He estimated every man's character; \- ''"He read every man's thoughts; He antid- JM^ iCTery man's action. He was never carried away by a bnrst of sentimental loyi&jmrj; but Se put the enthusiasm of His Sdiseiplesto a very severe test. He never >)3espae4 ML act of homely humility, but ; J4aiy Magdalene into .peace. If lie was —myed, He was never deceived, for He Jv^ Judaa's treachery beforehand. And if <>;SfVlT|isted' fondly in a man, and thought jfrtsct things of a weak man, He was not put • i fhame either; for Peter justified all His ' erfiaid before his sun had set. The t3jiiirau3o_ :a H fcfflu,'3jEsusjthe soreness of their lifejelaborate acting of the Pha- >r rmresEnted Him piercing to their H any one bSieved, and He his faith like a grain of mustard seed, i Jesus watered that grain and fostered Ibared for it, even as a mother careth er'child. But if a person was strong ith, like tile woman from the coasts of i-and Sidoa, why, Jesus rejoiced on the of that faith, and tried it, and it, and brought it up to such a , labile TTini self was filled with won- -Heiiever failed in dealing with any i.: :He never did any man anything but See in His judgments. And out of an use number of most suggestive interi betweto ell kinds of people and our ; I wiBh to ask ycur attention to three 5 evening. %THE CBIUC NATHAKIEL. was with a critic, and his was ellenl illustration of the critical eanind- withoutr prejudice and withit.Ttis ready to believe, but in- •jOpon evidence that will satisfy the i • * die 'reason. Nathaniel was what 2 call a country gentleman, living ipfiittitte ^MOuia; a man. devoted to aoiesahd beautiful tastes. -He did ^/Jerusalem and sink himself in the i because lie Pharirmind by their crass biwire-drawn arguments. Neither • to..John: ihe Baptist on the banks . ..{efedMo^Jwoaiate that- great revival, Itjlts excitement and its inevitable senonelism ;ha&asal; to Nathaniel. JJ^^vjwriMfc & .'man as any Galilean to -the Baptist, 'as iar.moreeariiest than the viper s . ; ;«3ib ; 'S®ent fom Jerusalem and were ptized in a temporary spasm of lepentance. : !Bnt*;teach-man's religion is ran.in a par- ®SS»*»' each man's reli- — ^ >ed by .mB training and by his NO man must judge' the form man's religion. There are those y. is -quiet and sensitive, perhaps \- should yon and I .say it is Lfe" $hy ^ould you and I, w. swf'virtaous enthusiasm, call these rationalists? ; There ate other men. fjBSy.v'Si'- social, and Comes io a multitude/ They are about Idle outward forms aonandare guilty of a want-of SWhyAould we dare to cneer and -aoarchic? I: Every man must be ""to the tenth as he has seen it, • to the nature whidi God Jias i . John was a myetie; and John VJordan because' there was qe. Nathaniel was a quiet, diffifleet, ^questioning man, amanwho nnkm religious conv^zsation, • and [•Stayed at h(Hne. Nathaniel at jw^es^mvas busy -wiaL ihe same quescfl^tTtjas- then dunking about the li^^-jOat .of tiie Jordin JPobn -was ti3ie^|ear -cf God upon the people •: -ttat :^bey m^it be nwsed^ pnri- *"• """ ..and made ready for the. aven whidi -was near: at* . quiet wi"Ql the rolls before him, Nathaniel was' " -iftkika- (p£ s Ae- JOld'jTeMar .what Isaiah said, 'and said, -and what he could .iife-Jiboks^of Mosoe, and frcan " T he jConld construct out i jibe lace of ihe j&ssiaii; Messiah he (Nathanid)' 'had ' .. „ l ^ liie Man should T_-Ws-ftefidy to renogniBe B^do Kmi'lioHafe^. ' Let ns be between a. sceptic •BeieJiL jfco 'be blood rda- ^thsr baptlE to difie- * Na'flianiel was not „ proad of iheir cleverness i^iscxaps i knowledge and their ic and tlieir; indifierence to re- ?ciions, and their freedom feom ' ' vthat were good "enough' for He was not that at alL It iiiing for Nathanid, it has . to tiiat hie 'chose Philip A moeb dangerous thing for ' pistoick company of domos. a numbo- of ijtiifer critics. giOTi another,:iaffld tiey fonn nt- Sto?k, <5pmpany douters. _jg for a maa of iiis, shall we ^eetual affinity, style of mind, is "feith-i man thiat is qmte uncri- I essentially practical. Philip -wai Who never had an intdlectual ' his life. He could just see one ^ and 'fee walkpd as far as he saw. it is fo &ead; the interview _i and iJesus. Jesus just I'seit hbn." He was wsiting ready for Ees£ah ~to give him the trord, "Fci- That ls ri^it, I will fciUow, said ^'Jaind it'as all over, and he followed ' "And then how beantiftd that in ijOment PhiliR. honeEit, practical, com- 3SiS8PBi6d,"wss, not so abswbed in the ^ " '^ibBt flat he thoa^it of Nathaniel. ^ fafvjiJiV' thi 8 will" be for. Nathaniel* Jlbepe.'iie •!« at Gana in He read forty rolls this morn- S&ag; « to the {otty^&a;^ Tffll^e getting more guaied every Nathamel, I never PB '-^aa'AAejba undastand what you were ar- Now .X have got flomething M^'idljlBib'''"! wffl save him a greait deal feofHow l>eautiful -vfaen he came WtoV ^atiianid. "Ohm .ihe wll," he said: '• "I have foond the Christ of whom the roll tens/-'. And )hen the brightness came into ' NaiJianiid's face; he was an honest man; abd tiieii the douds began to gather when ' :be lieaid : that the Ifffwaah had coide from Nazareth. ."Good Philip!" Nathaniel . mid to himself, "but he has no critical /'".power: ! wish T could be like. Philip; but ~ f- could not; for I know from the rolls t ^hxt ^feBOB van't oojne i&tjm; Niazareth. Oh, ^C to. Philip. if yon-,are satisfied, oh, be satis- " biit I know betters He cannot come from Nazareth. l%at' is very conclusive from tiie boots." NICODEMUS THE FORMALIST. The" next interview was with a very different kind of man, but he was an honest man and a good man. It was with a formalist, and his name was Nicodemus. Nicodemus was, perhaps, the most honest Pharisee Jesus met in His life. And Ni- codemus was a great theologian. He also was a- member of the supreme council of the nation, and he had a very high position. Remembo- that when you think of the meeting between Nicodemus and Jesus, and do Nioademus, my friends, jus- tice. There is no doubt -whatever, if a man had been. brought up as Nicodemus was, —and if he occupies the official position that Nicodemus did, bring a Judge, and one might call him the leading teacher in a University, he has got his own limitations and he has got his own prejudices". To Ni- codemus Jesus' speech would want that de- licate flavour of learning which is sq dear 'to University people. And Nicodemus would be horrified, justly horrified, by what appeared to be in Jesus a certain iconoclastic- -nature, a tendency to turn things upside down, a nature which frigh- tens timid politicians and timid scholars. At the same time Nicodemus had heard Jesus speak in the Courts of the Temple, -and he had recognised, being an honest man, with all to limitations and prejudices, in Jesus' speech the unerring note of reality. Is it not a great thing, and a thing we ought to be thankful for, if you have one man at the east, politically or theologically, and another man at the west, and an enormous gulf between, and many voices sounding between these here the man at the east -will recognise the man at the -west and -will love him and trust him, for ' both be honest men? Nicodemus heard what he had been wanting to hear. That -morning he had risen with an infinite weariness of souL . All the hackneyed phrases had lost all meaning, and the weary rites like a treadmill going round, and all the creed was worn out. Was there never to be a breath of life? Was he, now an old man, to die holding fast by a faith, the life of which had gone out, and performing a -work -which had no longer any interest for 'his heart? Then Jesus spake. When Jesus, spake he resolved to meet Jesus and have i matter settled. He thinks This Man seems to have the secret, and I must get secret from Him. Well, norw comes a passage which we—the preacher and his hearers—might not agree. And it is not ne- \- that preachers and hearers should It is often a very good thing when disagree; because then the hearer ' i«ni$ K' aad,6ay£j "I don'Jt agree -with l l Z s H d Z a the preacher; I think he is wrong"—and that is very comfortable for the hearer. And then, perhaps, the next; day something the preacher said causes trouble, and the man says, "I will look into the matter again;" and then he finds, out that the preacht r is right. At any rate, the man is i made to think it out for himself. When Nicodemus heard Jesus, and when Jesus gave on the face of Ilis discourse the certain credentials of spiritual authority and of spiritual reality, Nicodemus resolved to have an. interview for the highest ends with Jesus. But why at night? Why did he not go to Jesus there and then. And why not go along the streets with Jesus afterwards like a true and honest man? Well, for one thing, Nicodemus was not an obscure person. Had he been John or Peter, he miglit have gone to Jesus then, and no ])erson would have taken any notice. He might have walked along the street with Jesus, and no one would have asked. Who is that going with the Prophet of Nazareth? For obscure people are always secret, and there is no bravery whatever in their case in going to make a profession of religion; no one will notice them. But Nicodemus was a Judge of the Supreme Court: Nicodemus was a leading teacher of religion. For him to have a public conversation with Jesus would be perfectly shocking to all the man's feeling and to the whole of his friends. Besides, Nicodemus was a leader of the people, and a leader of the people must remember that he has not only to take care or Irimself, but he has also to take care of the people who trust him, and to whom he is a teacher. When he climbs the hill, it is not a matter of whether to follow or not; it is a matter that all the people will put their feet where he puts his feet. Nothing could be done for Nicodemus until he received an inspiration from above, till he was lifted from the whole circle of his deas into the liberty and grace of tbe kingdom of God. Jesus told him so. He said to Nicodemus. "Ye must be born again." And Nicodemus in idea said, "Master, it is what I have longed for for years; but is it possible' that I, a man worn grey with Phariseeism, that I, with all these old ideas and habits of life, all these immense prejudices, that I should become again as a little -child, with a child's hone, a child's trust, a child's obedience! Is that possible. Lord?" And I suppose it 'was possible, and Nicodemus passed from a doctrinaire into a genuine disciple, as a doctrinaire alone can pass—by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that changes form into reality and removes the man from the region of labo-; rious works into the region of free grace. ZACCHAEUS, THE BLACK SHEEP. .The nest interview is with a very difiieverit man. We are going now out from the study, .and the University, and from 1 amongst very respectable people into thoroughly low company.' Our Master is at home everywhere, and can suit Himself to the scholar, and show him the things his scholarship never discovered. Then He can leave the study and gc> down to the ordinary .man and show him what he may become by the grace of God. ®ie nest interview is with Zaccbaeus. I want- to give you two different accounts of Zacchacus; for while there is only one known, about Is'athaniel, and only one known about Nicodemus, Zaccbaeus is like a man with two faces. You ask a Pharisee about Zaccbaeus, nnd this'is what he will tell you. He will tell yon that Zanchaeus carried on a most disreputable business, and that he had performed a number of shameful mean things, and had accumulated an enormous fortune by the oppression of the poor. The Pharisee also, will tell you that Zackjhaeus never went to the Synagogue, that be avoided the society of religious, people, that he sometimes spoke disrespectfully of the religious people, and that' indeed cji one occasion hjT.had spoken qivfe/rudely to himself! He will tell you he kept very doubtful company, and the -Pharisee adds, "although, mark you (for I do* not want to be unfair), I have no positive evidence of the fact, but my conviction is, he lives an immoral life.". Was the Pharisee a slanderer? I 'am not prepared to say so. He testified what he had seep, for to a Pharisee'seyiethat was the only Zaccbaeus that could be seen. You see what you want to see! It is a very difficult thing to see good in the people of other schools. ' It is extremely easy tn believe (though with great regret) that the ives are doubtful. That was the Pharisee's acchaeus. .-.Then Jesus came intp Jericho. As he passed through Jericho" He'looked up and Zacchaeus looking down from the tree. | had heard about him, of course, a great before He met him. But now He saw and in that moment! Jesus saw man that no Pharisee had ever seen, whom bo .Pharisee ever imagined—Jesus's Zacchaeus. . He had been forced into a most unfortunate business by circumstances. He had done many things which he bitterly retted, in the business. He had left the Synagogue because he had been put out of the Synagogue. Of course, if a Church is made so impossible for a sinner, then the sinner will not go to Church, and the people point to him and say, "He never goes to Church.". Why, the atmosphere of the Church has been made impossible for him. The Church ought to be a hospital; and while there are privileges of the Church which cannot be given to sinners, such as the privilege of the Sacrament, yet all sinners ought to be made welcome to the Church. • Even the worst living should be entreated to come and hear the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. There ought to be no bottom to the Church, and then no one would fall out of the bottom. This is one of the good things about the Roman Catholic Church, that she never lets her sinners escape. But we wash our hands of them and send them ofi, and then we sa}- afterwards, "what. a large number of non- Chiireh-going people there are." Wis have created such an atmosphere in Churches that people can't attend. The^ Pharisee created , the atmosphere, and said^ Zacchaeus never goes tp the Synagogue, and he does not associate with religious people. Why? Because the religious people insulted his wife. There are certain injuries to himself which a man will forgive, but when people injure a man's wife!—well, he is bound by our religion sooner or later to forgive them, but, in my opinion, he ought to be a considerable time! It is not difficult for you to imagine the social ostracism in Jericho, and it is not difficult for you to understand that when Zacchaeus went along the street and the Pharisee came and gathered in his cloak and drew away, Zacchaeus was conciliated to religion. Yes, and you can understand that that bitterness was nothing to the bitterness in the evening when his - wife told liim how when ffte entered tihe shop to buy bread she could not do so without the finger being pointed at her, so that she was glad to shrink along the street, and glad to get into the shelter of hame. That is how the heart of a sinner is hardened, and that, I take it, was how Zacchaeus was made such an impossible man in Jericho. Jeusus looked, and what did He see? A man who in his youth had just got as good ambition as any other man. Jesus saw a man who, though he pretended he did not care when he heard that everywhere he had been called into reproach, who aUthough he went along the street witJi a brazen face as the Pharisee passed end drew his garment away, yet he winced in his hfeart. Jesus there saw a man just longing to have one brother's hand held out to him, longing to have some opportunity given ta return to holiness, to the socieLy of his fellow-men, and to his Father's House. That was tbe Zacchaeus Jesus saw. Well s the Pharisees had done their best to Zacchaeus during these years; they had not been very successful, although they had done all they knew. To put it in the language of to-day, they had called him every name of religious abuse tibat had occurred to, them, but he was not persuaded! .They had sent hira anonymous letters pointing out his faults and "his wife's faults, and signed with the assurance of prayer, "A Sincere Wcliwisher." They had bent him tracts on "'The Sinner's Doom," and certain passages marked in blue; but Zacchaeus did not seem to be softened; he seemed to grow worse—so curious a thing is human nature! Why, one dear Pharisee, whoi occupied a chief seat in the Synagogue, a very good man, could tell you that it took him on the street, and he felt it a duty to tell Zacdiaeus plainly his sins, and the opinion entertained about him. ''1 deait faithfully with him, and he was quite rude." They had done all l.bcy knew, and they had not saved Zacchaeus. One thing had not occurred to the -Pharisees to_ do, and that- was to. .believe in Zacchaeus. They save him up, considering there was no good in him, and lie did his best to live up to that opinion. They lookc-d upon Ibim as social irfusc, a large wasteheap that was saved after the Pharisees had been made. What can you do with that but cast it away and put it ou; of sijrlit'' When Jesus looked up ^t him He taw the other Zacchaeus, and Jesus know in a moment what to do with Zaechieus. Is it not the simplest thing that Jesus did? All inventions are simple—when you find them out., "Zacchaeus," He said. What, is He speak-' ing to me, though Zacchaeus, and saying my. same in a way, I never heard it said A M m w o dtnr a before save by my wife. "Zacchaeui?,"' said; Jesus, "I-have to stay all night in Jericho, i and several friends have been kind enough I to ask me to stay at their houses; but, Zaccfcaeus, I want ta take a liberty -svith you. Would you be willing to receive Me as yonrguest and takeilc in for to-night." What a simple thing, the simplest thing He ev< did. And then as they went along the streets together, have you ever thought what passed between them? Well, you have your idea and I have mine. And perhaps your idea is that Jesus led the conversation up to Zacchacue's bad life in order improve the opportunity. My idea is that Jesus did nothing of the kind, for that would have been spiritual bad manners. Perhaps it was the simplest conversation. All conversation with Jesus has eternal relations and eternal connections. He did not need tq speak at all. Why, to walk up Jericho with Zacchaeus was half way to save his soul. As they went along together Zacchaeus's heart began to melt. Here was the first respectable, man that had ever walked down the street with him, and by the side of this Han what were all the Pharisees? Why, he saw Jesus's giirment mingling with his own; he felt the touch of Jesus's shoulder on his own. That was not all. As tfce-v went along the street Zacchaeus heard the people say, "Must what we expected. Gone to be the guest oi a man that is a sinner." "Birds of a feather flock together." He might have been staying with one of the big pompous Pharisees" —but there might have been no water for His feet, no lass—''but there, He is gone away with His own kind." Jesus did not mind that, but Zacchaeus minded that. Why, it was in thai, moment Zacchaeus began to understand the Atonement. Here was the Holiest identifying Himself with Him, so that the shadow ot Zacchaeus's sin was flung upon the Saviour. And is not that the Atonement: Jesus making Himself so a partaker with us that our sin is on Him, and, then, before all is done. His own holiness is in us? They went along together, and as they went Zacdjaeus did a lot of lecturing. Oh, if you treat a man like that you need not scold him. Anything wrong in the past life, he will remember it. If he requires to repent, he will know the need of repentance. Oh, how Zacchaeus lashed 'himself! If he had bean a better man they would not have besen reproaching Christ and saying, "He is gone to be die guest with a man that is a sinner." Zacchaeus's wife had received the news. They said, "Zacchaens is coming home, and with him the Prophet of Nazareth." lie bad often come home with the stones after him before, and he was oftjen glad to get within the shelter of the door from the great crowd following him. Jesus and Zacchaeus camc to the house, and enter. Across the threshold JeEus meets the wife of Zacchaeus, the wife who had suffered so much. 1 declare that I am sure, He treats her as He treats His mother. When Zacchaeus sees his wife getting honoured at tile hands of Jesus, oh, how he hates himself; how he loathes his sin; oh, how his heart begins to lift; oh, how the love of God begins to pour in. You say, that is imagining. You require to bring imagination to the Bible if you are to understand it. I am on solid ground, and not imagining, when I say Jesus asked for the children. He took tie boy on His knee. Yesterday Zaoehaeus thought about the boy. "I would like to have lrim educated, and give my boy a chance." But at the school they spat in his -face, because he belonged to the sinner in Jericho, and ihe was home agaih in two, hours, his face bleeding, and covered in spit. Christ takes the boy on His knee, and lays Bin hand on his head. Zacchaeus cannot stand it any longer. He reasons. Why, He thinks me to be one of the best men in Jericho, and now I know to-day for this first time I am simply the worst. He is thinking of me as a just man, and I am no/t; but, please God, He shall not be disappointed, for, by the grace of God, that is what I am going to be. Lord! he says . What? Jesus was speaking to the boy, and the boy was beginning to tell Jesus the secrets of his boyish life, and What does his father mean by interrupting? Jesus was not talking to him. "Lord, ihe half of my goods I will give to-night to the paor." Ovobody asked Eiim; Jesus never -went to a man's house to beg, nobody had asked him for the gift. But Jesus loolccd at him. This is one of the sweetest moments of Jesus's life. It was worth coming on earth, and worth dying upon the cno&= to have such moments as lie had in Zacchaeus's house. Zacc-haeus said, "Lord, 1 may have injured people, but I will restorv every poor widow in -Jericho four- fold for Thy sake." And Jesus looked at him. Here this poor crushed soul was : standing upright as a son of God. Who; was right now, the Pharisee of Jesus, about : Zacchaeus? "Behold," said Jesus. "Behold i the real Zacchaeus, as God intended him • to be, as lie might have been, as lie is now \ iroii)jr to be, for lie also is a srai of Abra- • ham."' i And that is how He saved the sinner; as; He will save caeh one ol' us, by believing in, u=, as He belifeves in us to-night, tint we; do want to follow Him; that we do want: to serve Him; that we do want to live the j Christian life, and He will say of each, I And he also is a son of Abraham."' ] 