UEWS ROM THE PACIFSG A HUGE 1IUAL WAVE. MASSACRES .BY ISLANDERS. , (By Telegraph.^ ? (From Our Own Correspondent.) _ _ . . Sydney, May 5. liie steamer Archer, belonging to the Pacific Islands Company, has returned to Sydney after an extended i cruise in the^ South Seas. Besides the Gilbert, Elliott, and Marshall groups she visited New Britain, New Ireland, and numerous other scattered islands. She reports some sensational news from the Marshall Islands. A tidal wave lately swept over several of the islands doing considerable damage, and its effects were felt in the Gilbert and Ellice groups. In New Ireland and at Nukufakau it caused great harm as well. At Jaluit,- in the Marshall Islands, a German trading schooner came to port from the Carolines and reported that the tidal wave had extended there, causing great loss of life. One of that group was entirely swept and there must have been several hundred livea lost. Cap-', tain Hetzfelt, of a German schooner in the vicinity, succeeded in rescuing some natives. One island, he stated, was completely washed away. Several massacres are reported from the Bismarck archipelago. At New Ireland a trader named Petergon in formed Captain Henry, of the Archer, that he had sent two boats down the coast in February. They had reached the trading grounds and anchored for the night. Whilsb they were asleep some natives put off in war canoes, captured the boats and massacred the crews. The boats were manned by 11 natives, whose bodies were taken ashore, while the boats were destroyed. At New Britain some months ago the little trading ,ketch Sea Ghost was captured at Nusa by natives, and the whole crew was: massacred. One of the murderers was recency captured at New Britain, tried, sentenced to death and shot.x A few days before the Archer left the German warship Moewe had started out from New Britain for Nusa on a punitive expedition in connection with this same massacre. There was again a good attendance last evening at the show located opposite to the Commercial Hotel, Hannan-street, and con trolled by Signor Antonio. Those who paid for admission into the marquee last evening did not fail to expresg appreciation of the doings of the remarkably trained beasts and birds, which are the prime attraction, as well as of the ventriloquial displays and the marionette performances. There will be a matinee performance at 3 p.m. to-day, and a change of performance is promised for the evening. Having decided to close their Kalgoorlie business in consequence of a dissolution of partnership, Messrs F. E. Bandell and Co. of Egan-street, are submitting to the public the whole of their very comprehensive stock of groceries, ironmongery, wines and spirits, crockery, etc, at prices calculated to bring about a clearance forthwith. During this sale Messrs Randell and Co are doiug only ready-money business, and have closed their books. An all-round reduction in price3 has been made, and the people of Kalgoorlie and the neighborhood are assured that this sale gives them an exceptional opportunity to buy cheaply and well. Inspection of the goods is invited. It is hardly necessary to direct the atten ? tion cf readers to the advertisement in this issue of Messrs Brennan Bros. The adver tisement by its character is bound to attract notice. In this announcement Messrs Brennan Bros, proprietors of the extensive widely- known, and richly-patronised Arcade Warehouse in Hannan-street, say they 'laugh at the printed competition of would- be rival?,' as caterers for the public needs in the way of boots, clothing, drapery, 'and there is some very interesting reading matte r in the advertisement. The whj a''d where fore of the firm's succe s is set forth, and Messrs Brennan Bros, proclaim that their business has been built up by hard work horn-sty and gamen-ss. Though not holding a sale the firm offer for to-day and the following week' some exceptional bar gains in ' everything required by mar. woman or child for winter wear.' Details of some of the bargains are «iven and the revision ccaie for the cold weather trado in the many departments of the firm's business is related. Me.=srs T. Stodard and Co. announce in another column that they are selling a very high-c:Ja-s lot of horses in Oooigardie to-day. 