A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT 4PURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE . NEIGH BOURHOOD. Tho’ some sceptics may;;deny jbelief, in visitants “from another sphere yet with me" majority oE -iolk'tbo beliet -dies \- Miss Marner, of “ Laniihgton.” Vic toria* road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost—when, for instance, site looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she ly many months’ illness. bke “I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently un well to take to my bed, but experienced a continued laDguid feeling that made me feel most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrow ing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the “ quinine tonic ” given me, with regularity. Then I com menced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest.” “ We tried everything to indnce sleep,” interposed Mr Marner, “ but without eSect ; then I consulted a well- known Collins street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morniDg ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost.” “This time last year,” said Miss Alice, “ I weighed 7st Bibs, now I am 9st 71bs.” “A great improvement ; your treatment mu3t have been bene ficial ? ” “No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Jnst before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance’s, Chapel street, Prahran ; they did me so much good that I continued taking them, and I am now aB healthy as anyone could wish.” ’ “And youwould recommend them ? ” “ Yes ; and that strongly, too,” said Mr Marner, “ had I known of Dr Wil liams’ Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred ponndB.” There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did.. Dr Williams’ Pink Pills will cure antenna, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, con snmption, chronic erysipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and store keepers, and by tho Dr Williams’ Medicine Company, care of Rocke, Tompsitt & Co., Flinders street, Mel bourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with full name (seven words). Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 