©ale* m& f hctcbc5. [Am. EianTS Reserved ] THE HOUSE ON THE HILL, BT G. B. BURGIN, (Author of ' A. Quaker Girl,' Ac, Ac.) PartIL Isabel ma received at the House on the Hill by the fittest womtui ahe had ever Been. The park gates were of solid unpretending ?tone. A long avenue of Bycamores led op to the entrance of the gardens. To the left of the hoaae and somewhat behind it were the ?table, and outboildiuffa. To the right and. Indeed, on the same terrace, was a tqoare tower with small arched windows all the way up. It was aa rugged and barren-looking a,s the hoaae itaetf, and without the slightest pretensions to architect ami beauty or^Btyleof any kind. Before she had time to notice any farther details, the carriage stopped at the ?tone porch, and the fat woman curtseyed at her from the doorway, whilst Kinipple became purple with sup|iressed emotion in the moonlight.' ' Miss Mary Pilbeam,' said thef.it woman, again curtseying. 'Kinipple, see that John brings np those trunks at once,' and ehe again curtseyed to Isabel. Klnipple sulkily motioned to his subordi nate, with an air which said plainly -. 'See how she orders me about before strangers. I have placed my head beneath this woman's chariot-wheel, and verily vhe abaseth me Into the dust.' 'Misa Sumroerb/s compliments, Miss/' ?aid the obese Pilbeam, ' and she has retired to rest, not feeling very welL She will be down as usual in the morning. Would you like to go to your room ? Follow me. Miss.' She lad the way across the hall, op the old oak staircase. Departed Summerbys looked from the wall in all the glory of niafl armour aad uncomfortable helmeU which strongly resembled a modern stew-pan. They all had the same appearance of not being able to sit down viih joyous alacrity when tired. On the first landing were worthies iu the flowing periwigs of the Georgian era. They all had the aam* supercilious expression of not having been introduced to one another. Some of the ladies looked very wild indeed, as U they did not relish the indecorous proximity oE bo many cavaliers. 'Ye*. Miss,' said the portly PUoeam, pausing for breath on the landing. 'They were a line lot — all Sumraerbya, There ain't many left of 'em. Miss Summerby's almost the last.' ' Are yon Miss Snmmerby'* maid 7' asked T^b-lj glancing round the room allotted to her. 'Bless you, no. Miss. I am the— the housekeeper. All the old servants were sent away before Miss Summerby came. MLa Snmmerby won't have a maid. I help ker a little sometime*, but that u an.' The room was not cheerful. All the walls were walnseotted. There was a suggestion of sliding panels about them which m -de Ido.be! feel uncomfortable. Over the old-fashioned wooden four-poster bung a he^vy green canopy — a green which was almost black Indeed, the four-poster only needed the addition of wheels to make a very presentable hearse. The bed was draped with green to match the canopy. Aoy thing less inviting as a place of repose could not well be imagined. Smaller-sized ancestors than those on the staircase were dotted about the room. One picture represented a headless lady, carrying her head uud^r one arm and a ridins-wnip under the other. *' That was Lady Mary,' said Mrs. Pilbreun. **She w«s a brizen hussy ; she was, begging your pardon, MisB, for my free speaking. In the wars between the Round heads and Cavaliers, when old Sir John, her hushing! was a-fighting for the king, she fell tn love with a Koondhead, Rupert lisle of Lee. ' A crop-eared knave,' Alias Sutnmerby calls him, though I always thought a knave was pjrt of a church. But here's ycur hot water. Miss.' 41 Tell me about Lady Mary,' said Isabel. ' Ihere isn't much to tell, Mias,' aaid the fussy rilbeam, pottering about, as she laid but Isabel's things: 'and supper Hill be ready directly. Howznmever, this Lady Mary (look at her face, Misa, under her arm — fche's exactly like the mistress) took to gallivanting about the lane below with Kupert Liisle, and eir John came back unex pectedly and killed 'em both. They say she ?ursed all the Summerbys, passed and to come, and the only way Sir John could 6nd to stop her tongue was to cut her head off. Every night she go-s, with her head under her annt down into the lane below to meet Rupert Lisle: I saw a white-faced bullock there one night. Miss, and I nearly had a tit. But your supper will be cold. Can I do any thing more for you ? That little door leads into the bath-room. Mias Summer by *b room Is at the end of the gallery.' Left to herself, In*bel looked round vitfa a momentary feeling of discouragement. ** What is the matter with me?' she said. ' Tiwr grim old house suggests nothing bat graven. I wanted excitement— ad ven tore- something fresh. I wonder if I have found it. It is hut scant courtesy of Mia-* Summerby to leave me to be received by a hireling. Bat I am unromantically hungry, although I never eat supper. An unwonted supper and that gruesome bed will bring on nightmare. I shall dream all kinds of on pleasant thingB. and wish myself back in that humdrum holy of holies, Bryanatoo Square Ah, no ; even the House on the Hill, which, by the way, is only half np the hill, is better than that. Now for supper.*1 She opened the door and went slowly down the old staircase, hoping that she might not meet the ghostly Lady Mary, with her head a la St. Fttrick when he swam across the Iiffey. Mrs. Filbeam was waiting to show her the eutr&iicc; to the diuiog- room. Standing composedly by the fire-place was Geoffrey Hcaruc. Isabel most have looked surprised. 'I a-m afriid it is awfully improper,' be eaid. 'What would Mr-. Gruudy say? Khull 1 retire to the tower? ' lake my Htlle porringer and eat my supper there,' lb the poet so patheLi(»lIy puts it I daresay, aa a sacrifice to the conventionalities, Mrs. Pilbeam will consent to chapcrone us.' ' Certainly, sir,' eaid Mrs. Pilbeam, smiling upon them with maternal bepe id iny morter.' And uith this modern eqnivAleat cf Hcni soit qui mal y pense, Mrs. Pdbeatn took up her position behind Isabel, as if ehe had settle I the nutter. *' You will have to cut op my eupper for me, Mrs. Filbem,' said Geoffrey. *' I can't do it with this hand until the stiffness goes off.' Mrs. Pilbcam was ia b- r element. She bast led about, talking with the utmost loquacity. It appeared that Mid* Summerby did not like men-servants ia the bouie. There were four maida aud a cook, over whom Mrs. Pilbeam wielded a rod of iron. Kinipple was not amenable to her authority, aud yet her sway over him was absolute save for periodical ttymptoms of reb .lliou which she promptly suppressed. Already, Ioabel detected symptoms of a comedy. She ha i entered a new world. Discoverers of a new world generally had to feel their way. She pictured to herself Mra. Anger's horror at the sight of her daughter tete-a- tete with a prepossessing young stranger. There was a daring novelty about this innovation which commended itself to Isabel. She huui been so long victimised by the conventionalities that the rtsalved to amuse herself during her stay at the House on the HilL 1 he materials for amusement were not for to seek. By judicious handling, they might be made to afford gratifying results. There -was an air of hearty cameraderie about Geoffrey Hearne which pleased her. She thought how very differently he would have behaved when com pared with that other man who sometimes occupied her thoughts, although ehe angrily endeavoured to bury him fathoms deep in the ocean of forgetfotuesa. But he would not be buried altogether. He pretended to have been very fond of Isabel. She believed him, until she found that there were debt* and ruinous of debts, and that he imagined sh* had the wherewithal to satisfy those dtbts Of coarse, ibe nun bad behaved con* temptibly ; there was no doubt about that. Still, there was a lingering tenderness in Isabel's heart for her first lave which would not be wholly eradicated. He had only acted in accordance with the instincts of bis kind. Marriage nowadays was purely a matter of £ a, d. All the old nonsense about love was as out of date as Theocritus. People could not go over £n eland clad in candals and sheepskins, and engage in poetic contests fur a dinner. The climate would not admit of it. Isabel resolved to have nothing more to do with sentiment. To live her life and feel it in every limb, to nuke existence as breizy aa possible— these were her alms/ She did not intend to nut; abe wonld not be sentimental ; nhe would get a little healthy enjoymetit out of life. If the wound the had received sometimes hurt, £he would hide it — cast the pain from her- -confront the world with a stalling face Why should ahe wear rue for an episode ? Love was only no episode, aud whea Byron said it was woman's whole existence it showed how very little that poseur really knew about women. She enjoyed her supper, regardless of after effects in the way of ghosts. There was something reassuring about the frank man liness of the man opposite.; He vas not absurdly deferential, but he wub evidently accustomed to good society. Shs wondered what his views were on the subject of money. He seemed to be very mnch bent on ma lung the Railway Company pay damages. 41 1 don't know that I care so much about the money,' he said, in reply to her queries. ' Wbereuoto is inonev eood ? Who has ic baa mnch tiotiUe and ore, and so on. I had a lit Lie once, and it has gone. Now, I am content to grub along as you see. I get a hone, plenty of exercise, and my books in the evening. I am thinking of bringing out emendations oF Shakespeare some day. I wonder what Shuk-speare himself would say to them.' M He would probably ask you not to move his bones in that fashion/' Isabel said, as sbc got up to leave the room. Mrs. Pilbeam hid deported, presumably unto her virtuous rest. ' By the way, Mr. Hearne, what ia Uisz Summerby like!' Was it fancy, or dial an air of constraint spread over his frank features ? He seemed embarrassed for a uioixunL '* It is an udd question,' he remarked, as if he were trying to gain time. ** It is an odd question.' ' And one, odd aa ic is, which I should like to have answered,' sail] ^abel. ' Do you know, Mr. HeariiP, 1 am inclined to thitik that thero is a mystery hUdeu in ibis gloomy old bou^e, ai:d that I am destined to ' For Heaven's Bake,' begin Geoffrey. H» btopped confusedly. ' Yvt V she inquired with feminine pcrtina ' I was only going to add, don't run away with such aa idea as that,' he said. ' Haven't you discovered that it is always better to take things as they seem — not to look beneath the surface ?' ,? 'How does that apply with regard to yourself ?' asked Isabel, surveying him curiously. ?? Von are apparently frank, and yet yon evade my question.' 'There is uotbtug to evade in your question,' said Geoffrey. ' If yon waut to know anything, yoa had better a&k; Miss ' Women leap to conclusions,' Slid Iubel, taking np her bedroom candle. 'I am a woman f I have arrived at a conclusion. ? What is ii !' asked Geoffrey, recovering hioiBelf* , , 'In the firit instance, that yon would make a very poor conspirator, and in Ihe second' ? ' She paused. ' And in the second V 'And in the second that the secret '* connected with Miss Summerby.' It was a passing inspiration on the part of Isabel, but it told on Geoffrey. 'Take my frankness for granted,' he said, almost sternly, 'but if yon »iah to remain here (pardon me for saying il). d° oot *'-'', your imagination to get ihe upper hand of 'babel drew herself up haughtily, and with a bow was passing from the room, but Geoffrey detained her. 'Won't yutt MJ good-night before I depart into outer gloom ? 'It isn't t;loom-it'a moonlight,' said the practical Isabel. Where, as Mr. liob Sawyer would put it, do you. ? hang out' ?' 'I am suspended- iu the tower, ana Geoffrey, with his boyish Uugh. 'It is given over to me. No one else,' with a resump ion of hia former sternness, 'u allowed to set foot in it.' Isabel went npstairs, feeling that existence wu again enjoyable. 'I am not curious,' she said (what woman will admit, even to herself, that she is curious 1) ' but tafcie is a secret eomewhere, and I will match my wooisji'ti wit *£?'''* Mr. Hearoe's know ledge. We shall see who will win ;' and sbe again confronted the hearse-like drapery of her gloomy room. Aa the coiled her long luir in a pictumque arrangement for the night, she fancied she heard a cigh and saw a white face iu the gUsd before her. ? She went to the door. No one was there. 'That comes of listening to ghost stories,' she said. ' Did you see any one ?' ehe asked Mrs. Filbe&m;, who was laboiionsly pio ceediog towards the servants' bedrooms. Mrs. Filbeam affected to laugh. 'It's your nerves. Miss. Bolt your door and go to sleep. Yon'U be as fresh as a fiddle in the She pissed on »ilh a jolly laugh. Isabel bolted her door. When she awoke the sun streamed brightly into the room. She jumped oat of bed wiih alacrity. ' Now for Mis* Summerby. I must have talked a gieat deal of nonsense last night.*1 , Mias Summerby was a meek-looking, eome what insignificant woman of about fifty. Her physique was ant insignificant, bat the apologetic manner in which she went bbont seeming to make ercuses for existing, rather did away with the effect produced by her height. She was muscularly strong, and handled a heavy tea-pot at breakfast as if it were a feather. Her dress was of go^eous hues, aud but fur her pale, pinched features and miserably vom look she might have passed for an attractive woman. She gave Isabel the impression that at eomc lime in her life she had received a severe shock— a shock which she could not forget. And she never looked peop'e straight in the face. Any remark she made appeared to be addressed to a crntnb on the tablecloth or to a fly dis porting irself-fasad 4ovrnwar£t from the ceiling. She cazie softly into the room, in a noiseless way which wu supgestivV of list eli| pers, and received Geoffrey Hearne, who also appeared at breakfast, in a timid manner, as if she had 3oDe a sum wrongly and he knew it would not add op. \- ' I Am glad io-tee yon,' she said to Isabel, and presented her hand in mid-air as if she expected someone to shake it. Isabel took if. It -felt like a piece of cold fried fish — plaice or cod. ' Did you sleep well r she atked, looking straight through the . window into the distance. ' Very well indeed,' s«id Isabel, with a side glince at Geoffrey Hearac Geoffrey had bowed on Miss Summerby's entrance, without appearing to sec the outstretched hand, whereupon Miss Summerby bad hidden it somewhere in her dress, as if ashamed of it. Mias Summerby appeired at a loss how to continue the conversation. A happy thought etrnck her. 'Do you tdho tea!' she atked Isabel, Isabel admitted that ehe took ten. 'Or. perhaps, you would like coffee V iu a distressed voice. Isabel preferred tea. ' With sngar ?' 'If you please. Miss Summerbv ' 'And then,' said Miss Summerby despairingly, 'there is milk. Do you take milk? Some people do take milk.' 'If you please.' lliss Summerby partially poured oat the ten, and then put down the teapot ' You must pardon me if I appear to bc.confused. I think it is one of my bad days. Don't you fancy so, Mr. Hesrae!' ' I am afraid it is,' he said, kindly. ' But never mind. Miss Summerby, you will feel better presently. Won't you have some tea yourself?' ' Well, I don't know,' said Miss Sum merby, helplessly. 'Miss Archer hasn't had any yet' ' Pray don't think of mine,' said Isabel, wondering when they would reaUy-commeuce breakfast. 'Ah, but I must,' said Miss Summerbv 'Coffee, I think you said, Miss Archer?' And before Inbel could intervene she hid filled np the cup which contained the tea and handed to Isabel with the air of one who has enccessf ally accomplished a somewhat difficult Just as Isabel put this mixture to her lips. Miss Summerby appeared to recall somethinE She pressed her hind across her brow and said ieebly, as^f all her struggles were about to begin anew, ' Perhaps you take cocoa ?' ' I loathe jy' said Isabel, with a fervour which surprised herself. ' I never drink it ' 'I don't either,' said Misa Sammerby ? with sn sir of relief. ' B «l*»y« troubles mTwhe^Isee the diffi^t ri«rtta«.at. on the walls. I never know which to choose thev all seen, to be the best Some of Ihfm cSnuot teteUiug the troth. Can they. Mr. H^Tdon't Ihink they can,' said Geoffrey, pleJsntly. ' SiVw mind, Miss Summerby. youdonVwake np in the night and wonder ihich is best I do They all come and rtand at the foot of the bed and bother me. Fry quarrels with Epps. and fcpps imUntrt onmy preferring bis. Cadbury is so unkind. ' But, Misb Somineiby, yon must not let them do that,' he said, kindly. 'I sm afraid you get a little bit civerwtouRht some time., and that makes ma.ters worse. Why don't yon take things pleasantly? ' Ah. yes,' she .aidVpoising her teaspoon io the air, with a brisker demeanour. ? It u a great pity to be hypochoodnacal. I shall feel better after breakfast. Would you Ilka some strawberries. Miss Archer? Do have * She said this quite naturally, and withont anv appearance of effort Isabel revived also, aid took strawberries-. Geoffrey Heamo had previously supplied her with food. The substantial Pilbeam brought her cream to eat with the strawberries, and Miss Summeriiy, now that she had discharged her socUl obli catious big m to feel better. ' It is so diffi cult to remember,' she said, apologetically, to Isabel. *' No one seems to liave the sains tastes in this bouse.' 'I think mine are very simple, said Geoffrey Heame, who bid been eating bis kreukfast in silence. 'Isn't ic a pleasant surprise, Miss Arckcr, to come back to straw berries after they sre all over in tovm ?** 'I hadn't thought about it, bat I am showing a practical appreciation of them.' 'Some more cocoa?' asked Miss Sum* merby, with the air of one who has at last succeeded in ir*wl*''p sotuetbing. 'No, thank Tott.' replied Isabel, con suming dry toast in silence, and wondering if Miss Sammerby was always like tbit. She afterwards discovered that she wasn't The breakfast dragged its slow length along, but, like most things, came to an end at last. **JL-s Sammerby roe, anl I abel stood looking ont of Ihe window, only to be recalled by Miss Summerby's inquiry as to what ehe would liko to do. * * I am goirg to lie down,' remarked Miss Summerby. ' fil beam will take care of me. If you Tide, Mr. Hearne can show yoa roond the estate.** *' if you fide ! !£&bfcl;'a puUes, tinged vith delight. Conscience, however, restrained her. |f bbe took Mias Sunimerby'a money, it was lime that sbe began to do something to earn it *? Think von, 1 should like it very much,' she said, ' buc canno; I help to make you comfortable. Miss Summerby ?** 'No, thank yon. Miss Archer. Pilbesra can do all that is necessary fur me ; can't you, Pilbeam !' 'Certainly, Miss,' said Pilb.am, looking at Isabel as if she expected her to git on horseback at once. 'There an reo or three horses in the stable doing nothing,' continued Miss Snm merby. ' Mr. Hcarue cannot exercise them M, I am glad you ride. 1 forgot to men tion it to Mr. Dabchick when be «u here.' Mr. Dabchick appeared to pervade space. Perhaps he was not real flesh and blood at all, but only a ghost from Kensal Green t-r finchley, and thared those grim hannts of bis partners with legal, impartiality, flitting from the ' marble mouiment aud geraninms ' of Mr. Perkins to the severely simple ' plain cross aud lobelus ' of the defunct Mr. Snook. Geoffrey Hearne come to Isabel's aid. JJe bad a somewhat masterful manner of helping people in difficulties. 'If you will entrust yourself to ray care,' be Kid, in a mattw.of Ia«t way, 'I will lake you round. 'Have yon good hands ?'' Ho was not refirrirg to tlieir shape. Isabel divioeJ he was already raigitating^a to the mouut the should have. VVUit nu.un r of man was this who was only the agent, aud yet decided questions of sugh » ualurc? 'If you h»ve a light hand.' be saiJ, thtre i» the Iribn chestnut inare. She is aa fidgety aud impuUivc as— as a woman, and wonts watching.' ' Like moat women ?' queried Isabel, indig ' Kot at alL I only wanted to mike you understand what she u like. Ihere is also a cow-Uke animal who is not Iliorooghbred. She is pUad-verv placid-but uniuieresl say-th&™U '* ^' ^ ''* ra* * 'Safer!' The blood of all the Aichas mounted to Isabel'* cheek. 'sS« ?' «Ue repeated. 'Do you imagine, Mr. Hear'? re^g^wii^^j^i you, no. I prefer Ih- chestnut'' 'Th^~tlleothcri' more amenable to-lo. ? Twankey m-rried the vicar, he forbad' ' Archer or tW or whateve/th' u^ual {£ he^rde^y^,?'^^ «. remember when one'a rent ia doe. He ma; hue forgotten it.' (To be continued.) 