UNDER FATE'S WHEEL. By LAWRENCE L. LYNCH. y ? Author of Against Odds," " No Proof," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XVIII. " At Headquarters." And now, at last, Hope knows the truth as between her own soul and her Maker , knows it, and in the loneliness of long nightly vigil seen at her imaged face in the mirror, and declares to herself here with Hope Chetwynd, the girl into whose awful eyes she looks with scorn, in that moment's mood, shall do what reason and self-respect, sisterly duty, and the duty of a citizen demands. She will avenge her brother's wrongs, she will pursue her (brother's self-confessed slayer ! And all the more shall it be done because, in the face of right and duty, and of his hateful crime, she has dared-she, Hope Chebwynde, to feel pity to feel tenderness, and a long- ing to forgive ; yes, to feel as she has never yet felt toward any other man ! Ah ! she knows the name to give it she will not shuttle with her own soul and conscience, at least ; she loves Loyd Hilton, and why, why, why ? It must have been in her heart always, and only now sprung awake ! Yes, that is surely it. It was there before, and of course, being there to long she could not cast it out, and love never changes, never dies. No, she has given up the Wattle ; she cannot chain down, cannot control this turbulent, rebellious heart of hers, but she can control her deeds ! And the world shall never say that she has of or given her brother's murderer. It was right, it was duty, It was justice, that leaked out for his punishment. It was Felix Chetiwynde her brother-who from his grave bade her remember his wrongs. She has heard Lorna Hilton's story, and, because she will neither see nor hear of Loyd, after they two have not, and he has told her his own, she is gentleness itself to Lorna, only she will never utter those words Lorna prays to hear : " I believe you. He is innocent !'' He is guilty ; again and again she re- iterated it to Aunt Cass, and the little spinster only shakes her head, for she has ceased to argue with Hope, never crosses her now, and watches over her with an anxiety she is careful to conceal. She will break down soon if something does not happen to relieve her mind. Aunt Lass says to the sheriff and to Mrs. Hilton, and, very privately, to Doctor Jarvis, " Her state of mind is a horribly unnatural one ;" and though they all agree, none of them quite comprehends, none save Lorna Hilton. And she, with a wisdom beyond her years, is silent. In the meantime, Lorna's suddenly aroused and changed mood has been a source of wonder to her friends. The discovery, so much feared and dreaded by them, of boyd's part in the tragedy of the Heights, has seemed to stimulate her be- numbed faculties, while her fixed faith in boyd's Innocence has taken from the dreaded revelation of his participation in the wretched assailants sting and its danger. 'And, from the moment when Hope Chet- wynne went so suddenly and swiftly forth from their presence, neither Lord nor Mrs. Hilton have been able to withhold from Lorna any item of the many they have been so carefully and fearfully guarding from her knowledge. She has insisted upon hearing all, and her faith-as unshaken as her belief in Providence-in Loyd and in his ultimate vindication is the rock upon which her strength has renewed itself until, from being an object of their care and constant solicitude, she is their support and mainstay and cheer. She does not reason, she will not argue ; but she believes, and, secure in what she accepts as a heaven-born instinct, she can face Hope with a courage matching her own, and a serenity Hope would give much to feel, if only for an hour. " If I did not know," she says, when after two days she reverses the previous order I of things and seeks Hope in her own home, and tells her frankly and as gently and charitably as possible, the story of that afternoon upon the Heights-still hazy as to parts, but grown clearer as to the first and-last scenes. " If I did not know, with a sureness of knowledge which I cannot explain to you, tons which is born, and which nothing can shake, I could not lift my head. I know Loyd believes that he fired the fatal shot. But he is mistaken, and the truth will appear some day. Meantime, as I know he is not guilty of the deed, I can wait and be (patient." In telling what she can of that day, Lorna never comments ; never allows a tone of resentment, or criticism of Felix and his (motives, to creep into the story. She tells it simply, almost impersonally. "'I don't think I was afraid at the first moment. I don't think he was unkind but -I know it now-he bent my will to his own and at the last, when suddenly he let himself go, and that awful burst of desperation and wrath and recklessness swept away his strong grasp of himself, and broke the spell upon me, then I was filled with the wildest terror. I have heard that, when 'drowning, one sees a lifetime pass before him, with a host of memories crowded into one moment, and I felt like this when, suddenly, the scales seemed to fall from my eyes, and I knew all that he had meant-and did mean Miss Chetwynd, it was not your brother Felix never believe it ! It was a madman !" out Hope, thinking over this strange interview, is not so sure, and the unpleasant question has more than once of late thrust itself upon her, " Was the Felix Chetwyude whom they whom she had known-say, careless, indolent, but generous and kindly, and so devoted was he the real Felix ? Or had the real man thrown down his mask on that last day, at that last moment ? third was in the face of the real Felix that had looked out from the coffin, cold, unsmiling, unreadable, baffling ?" . One day she takes out the letter which 'Aunt Cass has guarded for a time and finally given into her hands, and peruses again, for the twentieth time no doubt, the strange words of the stranger woman who had signed herself, " Inez." What could the writer of this letter tell, that she should dare taunt Felix Chetwynd with the possibility of her momentary appearance at the villa ? Every word, every line, she perceives, as never before, tells of a power, a sword, held over his head. And what is it which she calls, with coarse Irony Hope thinks, a " stick"? A stick which she promises to restore to him. What can it mean this figurative 'a stick." which she assumes, he will be rejoiced to retain ? 'Can it be Hope springs suddenly to her feet, her face aflame with a new strange intuition. 'How stupid she has been ! How idiotic ! It is early afternoon, and she rushes to her aunt's door. The room is empty, but her own maid appearing at the moment explains. "Miss Cassandra has gone out on her wheel], miss," she says, demurely. " I think she thought you were asleep, and she said I was just to tell you that she had gone out for a little exercise." " And is that all she said ?" " Why, miss," with slow hesitancy. " she did say, sort of to herself, that she'd paid dearly enough, she knew, to learn to ride a wheel, and now she meant to ride it. You know, Miss Hope, she did get some awful halls, even with Mr. Felix to help her." Hope is more than vexed. "I suppose a bicycle will be in at my marriage, death, and burial," she complains to herself. "If it weren't for a pair of bicycles but there. Aunt Cass is Aunt Cass, and she doesn't dream how much I want her this moment !" She does not delay, however, the tiling she has in mind, but drives with all speed to see, where she hopes, at this hour, to find Sheriff Cook holding official state that is, at his headquarters. As she steps from her carriage to the pavement, she holds in her hand, not the unruffled silken parasol affected by ladies who drive, but a large sun umbrella, loosely rolled and strapped, and she enters the sheriff's presence with this in hand. He is alone, or rather he has cleared his office at sight of her pony carriage before his windows, and she comes straight to the point. " Mr. Cook, I wonder what you have thought of my half measures and shilly- shally ways In dealing with you. Will you; tell me, please, why you have not made me behave like a reasonable being, and having empowered you to act for me, commanded me to cease hampering your movements ? Why have you not asked for these letters ?" and she places before him the anonymous letter dropped in her lap on the Lakeville express, and the other signed " Inez." " Why," she goes on breathlessly, " did you not demand- this ?" she has shaken out the folds of the sun umbrella, and she now draws from out them the oddly carved and mounted cane found beside her brother's body. " And-most of all-why did you not bid me throw open to you my brother's room-his desk, his letters, and all that ?" " Because, my dear young lady," he re- plied, when at last she ceases to pour out her catechism, " I was quite certain that, in due time, you would do precisely what you have done : bring these things to me or place them at my disposal." " But what did you think of such weakness. such folly ?" " It has been neither. You have very naturally dreaded what you saw more and more clearly day by day must be done and known. Sit down. Miss Chetwynd. Do you think I have not known the struggle in your mind, the dread of what might be come public property once It is known that there is an Inez otherwise unknown, and so on, and so on I have been simply wasting your time, sure that, sooner or later, you would decide to let things come to some definite conclusion. To know the best-and the worst." "Thank you. You restore my self respect, and the time has come. Only, 1 ask once more that nothing be made known to the public until there is positive proof of murder, of intent and that it is not a case of a wrong, or sin, recoiling upon the sinner." . " She takes up the cane, her voice is firm, her manner direct and composed. "In reading that note from Inez,' " she asks, " h as it occurred to you that the stick, which I have been taking for a mere figure of speech, means In reality this cane ?" He takes it from her hand, looks at it critically, then puts it aside. " Yes," she answers, smiling, " I have thought of that. She rises, and turns as if to go. " I leave all in your hands now," she says firmly. " Thee shall be no more reserva- tions concealments." When Aunt Cass returns, which she does, not do until Hope has been two hours at home from Lee, that young woman, without stopping to observe that the little spinster seems somewhat excited and self- absorbed, tells her across the tea-table what she has done all of it, omitting nothing and her aunt sums up her approval in these words : " Well, I'm glad it's done at last. You were wise finally." And then, after a moment's pause, " Are you sure, now, that you have told him everything ?" " Everything," declares Hope ; every simplest "item." " Oh, then, of course you did not omit to mention once more the shabby boy who came here at the last moment to see Felix in his coffin ?" And Hope starts and looks her guilt. She has forgotten it quite. The boy, and the crushed red rose under the coffin lid, both j have slipped entirely from her memory. a '. Well," comments Aunt Cass, leniently, " you've had quite too much to remember, I'm sure. And now let me announce my discoveries." ' " What are they ?" "First, that Redlands ghost, that we heard of so long ago, has begun to walk- or fly." " Oh, you have been to Redlands ?" " To Redlands, and to the cemetery. I really think, at last, that I have mastered my wheel, Hope." Hope is silent, and Aunt Cass hastens away from the topic of discord. " Do you know, my dear, that some one puts fresh flowers on Feels grave almost daily ?" " Fresh flowers what flowers ?" " Roses ; great half-blown red roses !" CHAPTER XIX. The Redlands Chest. Miss Cassandra is very ill at ease on the day of Hope's visit to the sheriff at Lee. The girl's silence and moodiness are preying upon her usually even spirits. When she finds that Hope has been all day Shut In her own room, she calls (for her wheel, dons her short skirts and Adeline hat, and sets off. " Anything is better than moping," thinks this wise little woman, as she spins out upon the highway, inwardly delighted over her steady seat and Marie. ISlho<lhas not meant to go to Redlands, but she finds herself first thinking of Miss Hilton, and 'the wheeling in that direction and presently she comes upon Lorna and Lloyd ; not speeding over the ground, as they used to do daily, tout sauntering! across the sward lying between the highway and Redlands. They are at a little distance away, but the calls her greeting to Lorna across the " woman" fence and through obscuring shrubbery, and the girl at once made her way to the intervening: fence. Are you going to see" anaemia, Miss Cassandra ?" asks Lorna, after a few words have been exchanged. "O hope so. Do go and (give her the benefit of your good sense and practical Ideas ! We have had a real soloist at last, it seems, and the maids are in a panic, and want to leave us in a body. It is not the heat of places for a con soreness ; there is a ditch between the road and the snake fence, and Miss Cassandra makes her reply short and to the affirmative and passes on, To help lay the ghost," she belllB Lorna, and as she goes she adds in her whimsical way, for she is given to frequent and lengthy selif-comimunings " A ghost, indeed. I wander that the child can care to talk, even in jest of such unreal horrors of ghosts, when there are fillings so much worse than ghosts at their very door !" But to her surprise she finds Mrs. Hilton, too, absorbed in the subjects of the ghost. She is upon the narrow stretch of lawn lying between the house and the sandy lake shore, and so close to the smaller entrance that the two meet, almost at the gate, and she takes the arm of her guest, and, speak- ing somewhat more hurriedly than her want, says, "Come With une to the boat- house, 'Mites' IChebwynde, it's charmingly cool there, and no one can approach us in- seen- unless it may be a mermaid. You are the person of all persons I could have wished to see this day ;" and 'then when Miss Cassandra has placed her Wheel in security, and returned to her side she re posts Lorna's information. " Do you know, my friend, that in addition to our other worries. we are a bona-fide haunted family ?" And then, having gained the shelter and security of the boathouse, the story is told clearly, with no waste of words. And this is the story. ' A few evenings since the cook came in from a stroll upon the shore with a tale about a strange apparition, seen by her on her way home just beyond the gates, in fast. Of course she told the others, and of course was believed by the timid housemaids, and laughed at by the gardener and coachman ; but the next night one of the men saw the apparition. In fact, it was seen three times before the story of Its appearance came to Mrs. Hilton's knowledge. Then the cook and Lorna's maid came to her much terrified by this time. The story told by the servants was the same in each case, except as to the precise spot upon which it had appeared. Extending from the little fishing village as the group of fisher' families with their tiny cottages, built merely for summer use, had been named-and running around the foot of the lake, and east the Hiltons' house, is a path lying at the point where the woody slope, that came down to the lake shore, meets the sands of the beach. It is narrow, but many feet have worn It '; smooth, and many interests have united to keep it free of obstructions for the fisher- men and their children traverse it by day, finding comfort and shelter in the trees that shade it on one side, and their elder sons and daughters make of it a lovers' walk at night and day and night it is open to the lake on the one side, and shadowed by the last outposts of the climbing wood, which goes up and up from this point, grow- ing denser as it mounts higher, and interlaced here and there with trucks ; tiny foot , paths made, for the most part, by wood gatherers from the fishing villages " around the lake." ' It is upon this path, at different points, that the ghost has been seen-once close by the house, once beyond It, westward in the direction of the boathouse, and once farther eastward. But in appearance it was always the same. " Of course," Mrs. Hilton says at this stage in the narrative, " you are looking for an absurd denouement, but listen. I won't trouble you to listen long, ghost stories should be brief. Of course I smiled in- wardly at these tales, and, beginning by thinking it a trick of imagination, ended by believing it the trick of a trickster." " Of course, and you caught the perpetrators, no doubt ?" " You shall hear. Sims, the gardener, is an old man, and full of fancies and superstitions ; but Higgins, the groom, is young, strong, and I thought not likely to be de- ceived. So I arranged with Higgins to stand guard last night, my idea being that, for some reason, some one was saying about the house." " I see !" Aunt Cass nods sagely. " I put Higgins at his post on the south east side of the house, in a safe and well hidden nook, and then, without informing anyone, I established myself upon the other side" " What ! You ?" "Certainly, I I believe it's just what you would have done." In spite of her uneasiness Mrs. Hilton smiles. " Oh, of course, I-but-well, go on, my dear." " Loyd and Lorna have been so much together of late, and so secluded from the ordinary interests of the household, that by a little sternness I kept the servants from babbling in their hearing and they saw and heard nothing until this morning. But the maids watched in the grounds, in spite of my commands to stay indoors very carefully though, and close to the house. I need not prolong the story, but will tell you what I saw after sitting long upon a camp stool close in the shadow of a clump of bushes, with absolute darkness and shadow behind me, and the lake, the shore, and the open path before. You know what the night was ?" i " Yes, neither too dark nor too light ; just favourable for ghosts " " Of course you'll scoff. I expect it." " No, I won't ! Go on-do !" " Well, it was nearing midnight I knew, for I had heard the screech of the ' up train' for Lee, and while my gaze was still upon the path, or rather the water beyond it, I had almost forgotten the ghost, when suddenly a shadow came between myself and the lake, not ten feet away. It was the ghost." " Of course Did it groan ?" " It did not. It seemed to hover just above the earth, not touching it, and it looked like a sheeted figure, long, and absolutely without movement of form or drapery, except the slow, gliding progress with which it seemed to float past me, and toward the wood. It was just such a thing as the others had described, but I was as amazed as if I had never heard of it. It was dim of outline, yet not to be mis- taken and it made a spot of greyish light in the deeper gloom all about it. It moved seemingly without effort, and without touch- ing the path, and it disappeared among the shadows." " And-what was it ?" " If I only knew I had bade Higgins snake no sound, but if he saw the figure to pursue it and report to me. He saw it, but he could only say of it that it vanished before his eyes. Even the girls saw it." "Do you think it is a trick ? Of course it can't be an optical Illusion !" " You put your question strangely. Can it be that you believe in ghosts ?" Aunt Cassandra lifts her head, and her eyes are serious and sincere. " The fool says in his heart there is no ghost. Far be it from me to set a limit to the Creator's power and will. What do we know of the invisible world about us ! Yes, or of the visible ? Was this a ghost ? That is what we have to ask !" But Mrs. Hilton shakes her head. " You have heard my story," she says, *' now advise me." " Am I right in thinking that you do not care to have this talked about ?" " Yes. Oh, yes. I think I can depend upon the servants. They are attached to us-devoted." " I believe you." Miss Cassandra causes for a space, with her chin in her hand. " Do you really want my opinion ?" " Really ! What is your thought "The. HE some one seeking to spy for any purpose, the person should be found out. if it were my case I would make some demonstration, as of sending a man about the grounds with a light, say for a couple of might, as if the object had been eaten and there was just a Slight alarm. If it's a spy he will stop for a short time. Then I would set a faithful watch, and when the intruder grows a little bold, I would try and trap (him. He would like, above all things, to see this gliding ghost of yours." " Come and stay one weighed with us, then on intend to follow your advice." Of course there is much more talk about 'the ghost, in which the little spinster has taken a strong interest, and concerning withdraw she propounds many theories. But none seem to fit all the phases of the case, and when she takes her leave her first suggestion stands still as the approved and wisest source. The country roads to the west of the lake are many, and in excellent condition, and, owing to the conformation of the land about the horse's foot, and its sloping and wooded boundaries, fahey interlace at curious . angles, and it is seldom that one need go from any given point and return to it by the same road. Milos Ohtíbwynde is in no mind to return (home first, because she has been given something now upon which to exercise a forain rather fond of interesting problems and next, because she is beginning to find the tricycle, her bicycle at least, a very fast nating companion. Not even the servants knew how many of the early (morning hours she has spent upon the terrace, mounting, balancing, and toWIng for the most part at first, and gradually mastering police and pedal, and after that direction and speed. It is yet early, and she rides on, aimlessly at first, and then starts forward suddenly. The next curve will lead her to the cemetery, and she will go there. It is strange how loth Hope seems to visit her brother's grave-at least in her aunt's company. The man from the greenhouse at Lee was to have planted tall roses and white carnations, myrtle, and hardy allyrum there. " It is not far," says Miss Cassandra, ac- celerating her speed. The carriage gate is closed, but the lessor entrance admits all comers through or between its zigzag-spaced parts, and she guides her wheel towards that. There has been no rain for some days, and the soft sand takes her foot silently, warmed by the heat of the sun, for here the trees are far apart. It takes a fine impression of her bicycle tire, too. It looks snake- like as it drags its single length along un- evenly. As she twists her wheel in and out between the parts she loses sight of the main pathway for a moment, and then, glancing down its length again, she sees a woman's figure moving on slowly, just a little ahead ; she seems to have just entered, for she only now reached the first of the narrow outbranching pathways. The figure is that of a small woman, scarcely larger than our spinster, and it is clad in well-fitting but simple black. Thus much Aunt Cass can see as he nears the stranger, who saunters slowly, and at last stops at the grave of a child, standing alone beside the path. At the sound of feet upon the gravel he hind her the lady turns quickly, and with a look of surprise. .' I ask your pardon," she says hastily; and she moves back a pace. " I fancied when I came in just now that I was quite alone here." (To be continued.) 