General News. Japanese children w'rite better with the left hand, while with the right they can turn out ten per cent, more work in a given time. The foui- masted barque Tinto Hill went agound in the channel, when lsavmne Ge long with a cargo of 2S,000 bags ot w,;:et, on Thursday. A youna woman died in the Echuca hcsp.t.a un F ursday from alcoholic pi-·.. ir. She :s said to have drunk a b-.t.e ol ,;i w-;hiu 240 h urs. Tne average age at marriage of the Quee-'s daughters was a little over 21, The Princtes Royal, who was married at aS. w-'s the youngs-st bride; and Princess Bre trice, who waited until :S. the eide-t. The Queen's sons exceed this average by six years, and kept their freedom until they reached the age of 27. The largest cannon in the warld was taken by the British when India was conquered. The cannon was cart about the year 1500, and was the work oi a chief named Chuleby Koomy Khan, cf Abmednugger. The inside of the gun is fitted up with seats, and is a favourite place for British officers to go for a quiet moon day smoke. The " Scientifc Americin " states that Shoreditch, in London, used to pay ,6ooo a year for the removal of its refuse, dumped into the ocean from barges, The gas lighting cost .o40co a year. In 1897 there was expended L12,o00 on plant for burning the refuse, and to generate electricity for lighting Shoreditch. The outcome was a bril liant success, with 3000o net profit on the year 1893, besides saving the £1o,ooo outlay above mentioned. 3Ir Dufiy, vhile arguing in a case be foce Judge Hamilton in :he County Court on Thursday, said that it was difficult to swear positively to conver sations which had taken place .mtdst the babel and bustle of a police court. A merry smile suddenly lit up his face. Pausing for a moment, he looked up to the Bench, and remarked, " I suppose your Honour ha-s been in a police court at some time of your Honour's life, and if so your Honour will easily recall the noisy scene?" " Oh! iodeeo I have," jerked out Judge Hamilton: a.d then, with a wriggle of this ohair, he added quickly, " Humph, it's something like a dog-fight." The comparison scored, and when the crier had finished a hearty laugh himself there was still sufficient cause for his sonorous " Silence!" Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the House of Com mons, on Friday night last, declared that the exemption of colonial wines from the proposed increased duties would involve a loss of 20o,coo per year, cn the basis of the present consuoption, to the Brit ish Government, and he feared that a preferential treatment of colocial wines would result in foreign wines being shipped to tne c- onr.i- aud re-shipped to Great Br::ain as co cnial wii:e, tl.erby largeiy icreasing the loss. Sir Michael will receive a deputation of colonial agents general relative :o the wine ques So lie fno'ish person in again indulg ing IP the svJv practice of scaring people by "Lhe wv king " at Ararat, reports the ' ~dvrr-er." On several evenings recrn l' th- ' ghost" ias been seen flmtine ai y b iu in the neighborhood of th- B t c .1 Gardens, and one young ad W s 'cared that he tork ill and has since teen conined to bed. The v.ghot," no doubt anxious to gor, mingle with other kindred sprits, was recently s-e:: bs the landiay o! a hotel, near thu r:ai;way s::, on, in her yard. b:: ca her sc:::n:on ing it to appear .t L::: tar, i : ...:-ed ovEr tha fence. A\ .,.:ems r::': n "i home down Cn;e :r-c n ings since, was ale-; ;trid t il horror to cb erve si::::; .. ?n gbhostly white at the corne- cf a i::c- ne had to pass. Has:ily wrrnchm on, a paling and retrar'it:g, ".F'n:: ;-" I u,:ig you," he made a sa-n d: t. o .rd then--which was a silly :':ag to o- cut out the best quarter of a tuie h: has yet acconmlished. To his d!spe-, the next morning, on passing toe place, he saw that he hac struck as an act: ci clothing which had been pic:' an the fenoe to ury. "F_ " Co:erain' -'bi, " says:-The resr-::'e on tuie pir: of me:nlbs of ail deno;at:i..ons o ::: invitaticn to aten: 3 wcrki.,: bee at :i: lmlanse ia:d last Friday t as of a \·ry I-earty nature. Thee rtnm t have bee;: al:,ot forty work ers on the ground, and :ith a dozen or mc:c rcys. and se::. cx ncd men in crc: ,:,s'J.a' tie c.ct in v na:.nely. ak:, a .s-.d r:u... f:rom the front gate toW;ardS t!r:e :,..=: v. S accomplished by the aft rnc. : the day. During the be h a :;:umbr ofi id._ tti;cicntly wc:kfd the _:.: -:i-ssarit, so :"hat the labourer-' refr.st n.::: perio is were en ioyab. as lv:;.l hi ic .xi:g. The giati tude cf ti:e churcl a-thori:ies was voiced to the workers by tee Rev.,\V'. J. Gilles pie and , eers .John MIcLecd, T. Templetcn and T T. Taylor in such a way as to consince all that whtle on one side there "was practical kindness, intense thankfulness existed on the other. TE- best meEi:c-fe known i- S'NDER AND SONS' EUCC.LYPTI EXTRAGT, Test its em.inert I s-wrf:dl cet in Coughs, Clehi, In auenza. ~tc., tihe relief is instantneous. Thous anr.d give the :ost -ratifying testimony. Read this eer tifBate --'4th April. _5--.I=esrs. Sacder and a SoS,--I is ith the greatest of pleasure that I :tstify to the excellence oC your Eucalv:ti Extract. Having had icnfamr ation of the bone of my 1,e?. wahi: s-s accomp-anied ?y a severe attack cf o:' fever, I was attended' , Dr. J. Bord. who had= ..aie st-eucus e forts to 5sae rmy -eg, hut m__eat QC:.Le. lie found amputastio neoesav. Havi.7 Sea:d iU :;e meantimne of tie wer-eri:! cures vorked ty your Extract, I obtain.d a t!"., and the Ex tract had cn bc-n rppiied fore 'or that as hour Isoi:en I felt greatly rlie ve. Alter apply ing the :xtract (Sander',) everv our hours for ten day-, I ws cut of al danger. I would per auie all who u:as be affeited with any such iisee.e :o gi:e Sarders Ex a:'t atrial, aneI am convineed that they wil-l f =d it the moIt wcoderfcl ctf neticir?-Your-. tc., E. J. Cu-now, Sondhurst-- ee that you are net sup plied with spurious pre'.ar:-ians. but get SANDER .ND SO'Ns' PURE VOLATILE EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. The best medi:ine kno-;n is .DER a':d SONS EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. Test its emirent psowc-rf-i ehots in Cu:hs, Colds, In uenz, 1 . the r" -ief i- i:s: .n.. ne. - . Thous ands ice tv e -imost r:'aiinr; t -' n . 1 :: Majesty,the Kine'c Ita:'.:::. " :, i ia Syndi cates all over tie lo'e arO its tra.. . \e haveeno ccasieonty or:Tr r~ward= it: proof of the gen::icr.rs cf our ref.er'.:ce,. I the o::ia lre fur'- of Metuia: l c'linic- .::d Ucvorr tie-, the c:aicial commui: tio:: f. ; the Consul-General fcr It:y at M1lbCiure. tie DipIloma awarded Inern ati'al" Exhibition. m? tcrdam are authen tic dace::.ent-. and, as -uc:, - :t open to doubt W d .r eidt,:one e (Ce rC te Tarous= ca-,ses treated by Sibegn !3.D. ':?.-cr etc.--" urr int of the right hand. The skin n both sides of the hand of the "thit y car old patient was compl!etelv separated and lifted up as far as the wrist. The likewise lifted nils were hanging loose and the phalanx of the middle finger was charred. The wounds healed in three weeks under daily applications of SANDER & SONS' UCALYPTI EXTR C T dressings. The patient has retai-ed the full use of her hand.-'-Sea that you get SANDER & SONS--the only genine Eucalypti Extract-cr e'jt you will be suppied with warthless ciik. 