vand-Jiw wlucljwas : AarniVAfcahdftft fe© ofwatBt ^f&4isea, 3? at It f wojild .bo somerftiitig ^100 . 'insured. IThe poor man has alarge family, aod has jfluffered^other loBses, About lour months back hb lost his two .best -horses, and was also struck heavily by the last flood. Ths gcEiss .is i now looking fine iand fresh. wu have had some fine ebowers lately. . Thb mblithly- sittings of the ;Tjicensing Board wias faeld/in the'Court^ HouBe yealBr day afternoon i Present— E. Morey .Ebcj., P.M. {Chairman),;#. Stup&rfc;, and M. W. Braiin, Esqe., 3* J.P* *The . whole - business consisted of two applications ^pr. transfer of licenses. Jeremiah CaUaghan applied for the transfer of the license of the &IetropolitaJi; Hotel from Charles Free, and it was granted. Mr. M'Grath appeared for the applicant. The transfer of the. license .«f the Miners1 Arms Hotel at Torbanlea from Joseph Liddel to Thomas Liddel was granted. The Oourt House is getting into a dilapi dated condition, and is much in need of re pair. The woodwork. espeoiaUyv'is in a bad state. We understand that all that. is necessary to have the repairs and renovations attended to is a report to head quarters from tho Police Magistrate, and the ^ District Surveyor drawing attention to the requirements, and recommending that they be atteoded to at once. We trust , tho officials named will have a good look over the building in their charge and report accordingly, as it is certainly time some thing was done to save the Court House from further deterioration and decay. The labour schooner* Hoderick Dhu, owned by Oaptain T. O'Dwyer, left port yesterday afternoon on a recruiting voyage amongst the South Sea Islands. Gaptain J. Anderson sailed in charge, and it is his third trip in the vessel in that position. Mr. F. Gooding is on board as Government Agent and Mr. Jimmy Rawlinson is the recruiter. The vessel takes back some 50 returns, and is chartered fora full complement — 124 boys. Tho recruiting will be done in the New Hebrides group. Aftbb being a member of the Burrum Divisional Board for many years, Mr. N. Tooth, who retires this year by effluxion of time, has determined not to ofter himself again for re-election. Mr. Tooth has been an experienced and service able member of the Board, and his retire ment is to be regretted. Tho names of Mr. Wm. Dawson nnd Mr. H. J; Brown are mentioned as very probable candidates for the vacant seat. A b&own; snake created a little sensation at the residence of Mr. Waldnock, in John street (west) yesterday. A young member of the family was gathering figs from a tree when the reptile was first notioed, and Mr. Montcrief, the well- known piano tuner, who lives in the locality, was called in, and quickly destroyed tho unwelcome visitor by shooting it. It was about 6 feet long. Ybstebday was a dull, closo, cloudy day, very oppressive in the morning ; but at 1.B0 there was a heavy shower followed by light drizzle for tho greater part of the after noon, with reduced temperature. Last night was still threatening, and a continuance of disturbed conditions is threatened. Nominations to fill the vacancies on the Granville Divisional Board, caused by the retirement of Isaac Bushncll, for No. 1 ; Chas. Easmussen, for No. 2, and Anton Oertel, for No. 3, will close at 4 p.m. on Saturday, 21st January. There have been no Small Debts cases in the local Court for the past fortnight. Not a single case was entered for hearing yes terday, which speaks well for a town of our size. May this plcasiug state of things long coniinue. An ice cream social will be given by the Ark of Safety Lodge, I.O.G.T., in the Good Templars' Hall to-night. We must go abroad for news of our own colony. The London Daily. Mail of November 24th, under tho heading 44 Eating the Sea Ghost's Crew,' says: — The Aus tralian mails, via San Francisco, contain accounts of the killing and eating by South Sea Island cannibals of the greater portion of the crew of the trading cutter Sea Ghost. The Sea Ghost left Queensland early in Sep tember for the island of Baku, in the Ger man Solomon group. The crew consisted of Captaiu Kohlshon, two white mates, and 6even natives. On arriving at Baku Captain Kohlshon went up the rigging to guide tbe vessel to a safe auchorage, one of the white mates having the wheel. The vessel had barely come to an anchorage when native boatB came off, the occupants bearing palm leaves as tokens of their goodwill. They had no sooner got on board, however, than they whipped out knives from bsneath their belts and fell on the crew* ? The latter were taken unawares, and seized pieces of wood or anything else that would be a means of defence. The fight was a desperate one, but the crew were terribly outnumbered, and three of them soon lay dead on the deck. - Ono man jumped overboard and swam asbore, but he was seized and bound a prisoner and thrown on the beach. The two inates made a desperate resistance, and the captain, who was stjill in the rigging, had been terribly wounded by Bpears thrown at him. Eventually tbe two white mates and all the natives but one were killed. The surviving native was bound. Kohlshon then came from the rigging, and with an axo stretched out two ofthe natives on the vessel's dack, but as more boats with natives had arrived and joined in the attack the skipper, too, was soon a corpse. With the bound native prisoner, and the dead bodies, both white and black, tbe islanders wont on shored The native was thrown on the -beaoh -beside his comrade, who had swam ashore. When the islanders had pre pared the bodies of the massacred crew for tho feast, they returned to the vessel, and in the galley found a keg of rum. At this they were wiii with delight, and in less than an hqur they were all stupidly drank. T(ie two prisoners then managed to unloose the ropes whic'i bound them, and getting possession of a small boat put out to sea. They were two -lays and nights in the open boat, when th?y were picked up by the trading steamer Moresby, and landed in Queensland. This is the story they gave of their wonderful adventures, escape, and the tragic fate of their comrades. j 