CT 1 'I II < Original Story. LIPPY'S LOCK, I Miner's Christinas Story, <. 7 (Br PAUL TWYFORD.) ALL BIGHTS BESBBVBD j. I met Jexon in the street ; he looked pale and miserable — like a ghost. No wonder ! The man's finances were at the loweBt possible ebb, his hunger unappeased, his clothes shabby and worn, and withal the day was wet, cold and miser able. , ii o recognised me ; in fact the recognition was mutual ; yet I passed iim by. There were old associations not desirable to be renewed. I jturned to in order to see whither he shaped his footsteps, and lo, he had stopped in his shuffling walk and was looking at me. He grinned ; so did I. Then be came up to mo and poured forth his troubles. They were many and, to some extent, I sympathised, though, as I Lad been 4 had ' before, I was wary. Ho pro duced a small vial from his pocket. Look at that,' he said. I did look, dbd took the bottle in my hand. It, held about two penny weights of gold and I told him so. 4 That's the exact weight,' he said. ; 'nice gold, ain't it?' t nodded, nothing more. I knew Jexon, and wasn't taking any bogus gold venture just then. He knew me too, and knew tluat where there was a bit of gold to "be got, I was as keen as a terrier after a rafc Jexon and I had foregathered in days gone by. We hud bfeen co-agitators, labour men, and socialists. Jexon was also a rabid temperance advocate, but in that I could not follow him. Jexon was an unlucky fellow too, he could never make any headway iu anything, and it was not for lack of j energy either, for he was full of it. j Latterly he had gone in for gold - digging, at least he said so, and. I had 110 reason to deny it, though I confess I was sceptical. Anyway, there was the gold and this is the story he told mo : i There's six of us, and we're upon the ' (name of the river whispered in my ear) 4 and that is a sample of the gold we have found.' Ho stopped abruptly, but I en- I couraged him to proceed, j Well, why we waut help.' 1 < X ? daresay. Most, uew chum miners do, especially men of your i 'Now, don't be hard on a cove. You're a lucky one, you are, and j oughter have a little feeling for them as isn't.' 4 Can you put me on to anybody ?' asked Jexon, after a pause. 4 1 might ; but it is hard to trust men gold mining, I know men who might help you, after they have helped themselves, and I also know yon.' 4 Oh, stow it. Let bv-gones be by gones.' 'Very well. By- the-bye, where's the missus and kids ?' 'In a bad way. Keeping a penny bash house in street. How- she's lived while I've been away God only knows. But Lippy (my name, I may state, is Lipscombe — Alfred Lipscombe) she's a stunner.' 4 She is, I believe. Bad job for her that ever she married you, Jex.' 4Y-e-s, perhaps so; hut — well what about the gold ?' 4 Nothing. I'll give you no advice ( lest it come home to me, and I must | know more about it before 1 move a I hand's stir. Will you have a drink?' I ' You know I won't.' ! 1 Not of hot coffee ? Here's a place j and you look cold enough to freeze a I fellow. Come in anil get warmed.' j The man's face relaxed, and his j heart, I knew, was gladdened, not ' only by the fumes of hot coffee, but j by the hope that I was relenting, j 4 To be honest with you, Lippy,' he said, 4 1 don't want money, that is I J don't want to sell ; we think too , much of it, and -only require as much I money as will provide tucker for a ! few months.' j 4 la that all ? What about tools?' ; 'We have plenty, hut we can't | work without tucker.' 4 True ; but how did you get to Sydney ?' 4 Walked every step of the way,' Tbe fellow seemed so earnest, so eager, and withal, so moderate, that E did relent, and quickly summing up matters in my own mind, I made this proposition to bim : 'Well, Jex, I will help you. I'll go with you and attend to the laying out of my own money. . I am going up to in order to ' . see what's what, and if it suits my book, I'll keep you and your mates in return | for an equal share free of all further expense, to me, subject to this con dition r 'that I can Btop supplies at any moment I like ; and further, that, the cost of food and any other expense I may be put to will be a first charge on the washings.' j 4 Agreed. You're a brick, Lippy i and ha eagerly gripped my hand. 'Now, Jex, show me where you 'ive ? " He f hesitated', but, after consider ing a ' bit, led the way. The neigh bourhood was a frowsy one, and the penny hash houiie uninviting in the extreme. Yet there were there a dozen ' men or .so sitting in the sparely furnished. 4 reading room ' smoking. O' ; . I told her what L was going to ao, and she thanked me' in her quiet unobtrusive way. Up on leaving I slipped a bank note into Mrs. Texon's hand. - K ® At the appointed time Jexon met me at the railway station. His swag was a light one, hut that wasn't my business. A.nyhow, I shared my rugs with hiiin in the car. Arriving ait we had to negoti ate a twenty mile coach ride, and then a walk of two miles brought us to the claim,, I knew the country,' as I had been there in thei early days, and saw but few change js. . Jexon.to<ok me to the hut. It was noon, ahd | yet there was no Bign of work. f'i Oix a fire in the open was a billy, and sitting by it two hang-dog looking fellows smoking j inside were throe others, equally unprepos sessing '.sitting at a table playing euchre. ?! They looked up for a mo- j ment and resumed their game. | 4 This is a new mate I ' have i brought Jy c>u — an old friend of mine I j who has promised to help us,' said ! Jexon, in a pleasant sort of way, hig | face all smiles. 'We ain't got nothin' to7 eat, so can't ask ye to 'aye a bite.' 4 What"! . Haven't you got a bit of gold?' . ;; ' Gold be . !" Where can we get gf dd ?' Which sounded bad for my Venture. : 4 And haven't you been trying?® I asked Jexon. J 4 What bloomin' rot ; you know we can't work an'; we starvin'. Why. we can't even get a drink o' milk from the old cocky down yonder.' I said, nothing, but studied the crowd with some curiosity. I learned from Jexon that the cocky kept a store. - I gave him some money to purchase meat and bread, sugar and tea — nothing else." I was going to try an'j experiment. I i could live as hard as any one, and f naturally ex pected Jothers to, do so 'when neces- | sary. |The food was procured, and and the men tucked in a pretty good tightness .of fried mutton and home made breaud, moistened with panni kins of tea. There wa3 no stint, and I noticed th -at the chaps had 4 sweet teeth,' for tl lere was a big run on the sugar hag. Jexon gave up his stretcher to : me and slept on the floor; it was prettj cold and I halved my wraps with him. I was shown the claim next : morning. To the un initiated the re was nothing to see, but that did not disturb me. I wanted to sei . the place where the two penny . weights come from. Jexon pointed i nit a hole in the drift; I tried several pansful of stuff and got merely eolo urs in each. I ad vised Jexon to st it the others opening out in the bank, - He spoke to them, and there was soi n<9 discussion. 4 Let's sea your ti wis,' I said, They ' v" . . \ CHRISTMAS TIME AT AN INLAND STATION. were produced, and a more discredit able lot of picks and shovels I had never seen. The fellows pottered about making some sort of pretence of work, and I went to the hut and put on some working dads. The fellows stared at me when I went amongst them in moleskins, heavy boots, and big hare arms ready for action. I put in an afternoon's work, and rather liked the look of the country, though I got no prospect. That evening I sent for no tucker, and all hands looked glum. We finished the remnants of yesterday's mutton and bread, and no one had enough. After that repast I put matters plainly before them : If I was to find tucker, I must have a fair return in work. I had shown them the way, and they must make an effort. When I saw them in earnest I would provide better tools and quarters, with heaps of grub. It depended entirely on them selves. If they were men, and acted fair by me, I'd stand by them for three months ; if they did not, either they or I would have to clear out. Finding no gold in a week, I told Jexon that he had lied to me, and in a servile, apologetic fashion he ad mitted the soft impeachment. 4 Never mind,' I said, 4 1 must try and make the best of it. We must have better tools and better men.' 4 What will you do then ? ' 4 In a day or two I'll tell you ; but I must go into (the nearest town) and I leave my few belongings in your care. I may trust you that much.' He looked at me reproachfully. 4 You surely can trust me that much.' 4 1 will do so. I'll hire a horse from our cocky friend below, and hope to be hack in two days.' My first visit was to the mining registrar. From him I heard that no lease had been applied for, and that no miner's rights had been issued in the names I indicated. I then ap plied for 800 yards in the river bed, and 50 acres along the hanks on either side, paid the deposit and took out a miner's right for Jexon. I then purchased such tools as were required, together with axes, saws, hammers, etc., and a good sup ply of provisions, to be forwarded the following day. When I got hack to the claim the men were all attention, hut I told them nothing. They were much annoyed, you may be sure. They were experts at euchre, and I saw they meant to take me down, < I but they had no money to bet. I I bought their interest in the claim for £10, and with Jexon as partner won it back. That night a heavy hand nioved over my face, and in another second would have clutched my throat. I had not gone to sleep, fully expecting some such attempt. My right hand held my revolver and I blazed away, not at the man but up at the rafter. The blaze revealed the fellow's face, I then drove my left into him with all the force I could. I heard a howl, and then there was a nice old row. I had slipped out of bed, and as I had turned in standing I was pre pared. Someone struck a match, and I found them all standing about m" except one, he was lying doubled up, for I had hit him below the belt. Jexon at once attempted to smooth matters by insisting that there had been some mistake. The others talked big, but having five shots, I talked back pretty well as I pleased. Jexon, speaking on their behalf, suggested a compromise. Asked what they proposed, they asked for £20 for their interests, i told them I'd see them in Halifax first. 4 What would I give them then ? ' they asked. 4 1 have no right to give you any thing, hut to save bother here is that- £10 note and what odd silver I have will keep yon on the road. Now clear before I ride for the police. Jexon, I have not included you, but if you are homesick here is £2 for you though I'd rather you'd stay.' They took the money, rolled up their swags and cleared out. That afternoon a trooper called at the camp to enquire if all hands had miner's rights. He saw mine and Jexon's, drank a pannikin of tea with us, had a smoke, and then followed on the trail of my late mates. What for never troubled me. 4 Now, Jexon, what do you intend doing? Will you stay with, me or surrender your chance here?' He said he'd stay. 4 Very well. I'll now ride to B- where I can pick up two or three good men.' I knew all the old diggings about B hut all my old cronies had left or were dead, though they were known to those I interviewed. I made arrangements with six good men, who returned with, me, bring ing with them all that belonged to them on pack-horses. They were of the good old type of gold-digger — strong, hearty, and capable, and looked respectable men. And what i a change they brought! We soon had a decent camp, and better still, a big cut opened out and the bottom taken up. It v was dry weather and we had no difficulty with the water. The yield, upon washing up, was highly satisfactory. Subsequent washingB proved just as good. Then Jexon wanted to go home. I didn't blame him for he had a good, wife, and his|share would set them up. He was a spare, weak man, and his heart was not in the work. He had £50 in his pocket, and I offered £50 for his share. He (demurred at first, 4 because,' he said,. you have been a real friend, and I ought not to take a penny from you." '.Let me owe it to you, then. Per haps £50 about Christmas will come in handy, though I hope you will have doubled your £50 by then.' » ' By enquiring at a well-known socialistic rendezvous, I found Jexon, and I am glad to say, in a far greater degree of comfort than I had ever seen him. Mrs. Jexon waB most pro fuse in her thanks. Strolling out one evening with old Jex, we saw a crowd in Castlereagh- street. Some great political question was being discussed, and among the speakers in the crowd I recognised the man who would have choked me as I slept. He was in fine fettle, talked a hurricane, and had the orowd with him. I got in front of Mm, hoping to catch Mb eye. Presently he uttered some nonsense, and I chal lenged him. I soon found that I had raised a hornet's nest, and only that Jexon jumped up on the wall (where ,they were speaking) and addressed the crowd in a really good, sensible speech, I think I should have been mobbed. Jexon had very much moderated Ms views, though he had not de serted Ms old comrades. He was not in any employment, but he assisted his wife very materially in the boarding house, wMch was quite a stylish place. I handed Mrs. Jexon the other £50 and I learned from her that she and a bright girl named Lucy had com pleted their arrangements 'to make me happy. Christmas Day was really a happy day, and I may say that many happy days have followed. That year was my very luckiest year, for though the claim on the river wasn't ex ceptionally rich, I married and won a splendid nugget m my wife, for she ; j»irriirftMrri- — — — - - — — — _ BOTANICAL GARDENS, SYDNEY, stood five feet seven inches ia height, weighed ten atone, and was just turned 25. She has been worth her weight in gold to me, and I always call her 4 Lucky Lucy,' for my luck has been even steadier since we coupled ; and though only country reared and unsophisticated iu many things, she knows her way about better than most city women, and better than all, she is lovable and effectionate and thinks a lot of her 'old man,' meaning, of course, Alfred Lipscombe, otherwise 4 Lippy.' And that is all I have to say. My luck is good for a life time, beyond all doubt, for not only is my - big 'nugget' as bright and winsoim- as ever, but at this moment three smaller ' nugget j ' are overhauling their Christmas stockings for good things and offering me bits of each variety. And — there I've said enough. 