VICTORIA. ABOHDIOOESE OF MELBOURNE. FAST DAY. Saturday, 20th hist,, being the. Vigil of Pentecost, wall be a day of fast and abstinence. T1IU CATHEDRAL. J/;ist Sunday night there ivas a large congregation at I,he Cathedral. A practical discourse on the best method of profiting b.v the Word of God. as explninod in sermons was delivered by the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G.. Adm. The Dean impressed on his hearers the fact that plain, practical sermons were of much more value than those which pleased the ear. but failed to move the heart. It was announced that the relies" of St. Fin via, Virgin and Martyr, -would lie solemnly exposed in the Cathedral for (he veneration of the people on the Feast of ifbe Ascension of Our Lord. 11th May, and that a noveua to the Holy Ghost,™ prepaiution for the Feast of Pentecost,' would begin on Friday. 12th May. The workmen are busily engaged in laying down the new tiling in the old portion of the Cathedra). The work, as far as it has gone, is a great improvement. It. is> expected that the •whole will ho finished in a.bout a fortnight. "THK MONTH OF MART. In the city and the suburban churches last Sunday evening a, procession of the Children of Mary was carried out in honour of the Month of Mary. At the Cathedra] the function was invested with more than ordinary impressiveness and devotion. The members of the sodality were, present in their full numbers. A very beautiful statue of Our Blessed Lady, mounted on a support, the latter being adorned with rich and appropriate hangings, -was borne "by four sodaliste. The Dean and the Rev. J. Murphyjook part in the procession. Apropos or the special honour being paid to the Blessed Virgin' during the present month, it may be mentioned that a new work, exposing " new phases of an old fallacy "—Mariolatry—has recently been published by the "Ave Maria." It seems tliat a Methodist divine iu Pennsylvania has been attacking the devotion of Catholics to the Mother of God, and the Kev. Henry (>. Gauss has issued an antidote to the poison of this enemy of Mary. Referring to the book of Fr. Gauss, the London "Tablet." 1st April, saiy*'-—As a noteworthy specimen of the evidence brought together by Fr. Gauss, we may quote the dying confession of the heresia.rch Hues. who had 'been cited by the Methodist preacher amongst, these whose " Christ-like spirit led them to cry out against such frauds iipon (lie Divine Word and upon the human conscience " as " Mariolatry." " I pray for my accusers to the most pure Mother of the Saviour, the restorer of the human race, the Queen of I Ion yen. endowed with a nature altogether angelic, more liappy, crowned with more giorv. more abounding^ in gifts of grace than all the blessed, her Son alone excepted." Huss, indeed, prayed that those misrht be forgiven who accused: 'him of denying: the doctrine of tiie invocation of saints. We cordially rrcoinmend this little book as a very useful one to put into the hands of T'roiostani inquirers after truth ADDITIONAL I'UIKSTS FOR THE .VKOH- DIOCKSK. The Wry Kev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., has received a letter from his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, dated 20th March. The Archbishop, who wrote from Ireland, was on the eve of 'his departure for Amierioa. His Grace notified his Vicar-General that two priests for the diocese would soon leave for Australia. PRESENTATION TO THK KEV. J. CAUKOLL. On Sunday afternoon last a. very pleasing ceremony took place at Coburg, when a, numlbev of the members of the Association of the Sacred Heart, St. IvUfla. West, waited on the Rev. J. Carroll a,t the presbytery,"and presented: him witli a beautifully illuminated address and a purse of sovereigns. The address was read by lift®. Captain Daivies, President, of the Association. and was worded thus :-R«v. J. Carroll,—We, the -members of. tfce Association of the Sacred Heart, Sit. Rilda West desire to express our sincere regret at your departure from us, and beg yon to accept the accompanying gift as a •slight token of our love and esteem. With best wishes for your future ha-ppine&iarid; TveWave, tJTere follow the Signatures,)' i ,1. % ^ . Fr. CariscdV suitably 'respond*^. B-nd expressed his pleasure at meeting- so many of his old. friends,. and at i'«oeiv. ins sucli a uiasfc di their regard, MUSICAL EXAMINATIONS. Two pupils from (lie Presentation Convent. Windsor. .Mary Frances Bouvke and Ida Vear Allen, passed with credit at the recent Aictona Mush- Kxaniiwa.tious, the former the Intermediate, and the .latter the Momentary sections. Last Monday evening certificates were disd'ibuted to the candidates wibo b-i-1 succeeded in passiny the musical cvniniimtions set b.v the Associated Board of the Royal Academy of Music and Royal College of Music. London. The certificates were handed to the w 1 liners by the -Mayor of Melbourne (Cr. M. I>. M'Eacharn). who in a brief address congratulated those who had gained rewards, especially the pupils (25) of St. Pa-trick's High School, who, he said, held a foremost place iu the examination*. His Worship also congratulated i.t-e Sisters of Charity on their success as music teachers.' Mr. Thomas Brentnall, the hon. local representative in Melbourne.mentioned that Victoria for the second time had In ken the pride of place amongst the colonies iu connection with the examinations held- by the board. ST. VINCENT'S HOSI'ITAI KAIH. The Rev. Mother Rectress of St. Vincent's Hospital desires to express her very grateful thanks to the many kind country friends of the 'hospital who have remitted the handsome sum or" £1000 in connection with the Easter Fair art-union. As the drawing takes place oh the 24th inst.. the Sisters of Charity- request-'that, remittances anil returns he-gent rh'teto-e that date. It is intended.jto rivwiVyl a gold watch •to ibe a^«i4taiif^aitJ:he fail-- Whose returns are thecblgiiesif all ./he assistants, and a gold-mjjdal to-the assistant of each stall who tops its returns. FOOT SOU AT MISSION. The Redemptorist. Fathers concluded a successful mission at St. Augustine's. YarraviUe. last Sunday night. The exercises were exceedingly well attended throughout the week, and much solid good was effected in the district. Last Sunday, at the 11. o'clock Mass, -the Redemptorist Fathers opened a week's mission at St. Monica's Footscray. There was a crowded congregation. In the evening there was also a large attendance, including several lion - Catholics. The missionaries strongly urged every member of the parish to join the Confraternity of the Sacred Heart. The claims of the Catholic Young Men's Society were pressed on the attention of the young men of Hie district, and it. is coutidently anticipated that the ranks of both societies will receive a. large increase in niemlioi'ship at the close of the mission, to-morrow (Sunday) evening. The Ruv. Frs. Mangun and >JacI>»nneH. C.SS.Ii., are being ably assisted by llie pastor. Rev. J. Manly, and his assistant. Rev. P. Boyle. GKKLONG. After the general business of St. Mary's C.Y.M. Society had been transacted on Monday last, the remaining portion of the " Magazine " was read. The articles were varied and interesting, and a heary vote of thanks .was accorded Mr. P. J. Fennell (editor) for his satisfactory revision of the articles. Last Tuesday the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm.. presided at the election of a Rev. Mother at the Geelong Convent of Mercy, in succession to the late Mother Mary Xavier Fallon, whose lamented death we noticed in last week's issue. The Assistant- Mother Mary Bernard (Lyons) was elected to the distinguished position. Last Sunday the Children of Mary took pa if in one of the largest and most imposing precessions iu -honourof the Month of Mary held in St. Mary's for some time. The Rev. .T. Byrne received a number of new meinlbers intc the association. The devotions during the month have been largely attended. 