THE HOIAHCE OF MB GBEYST0KS. ! AS AUSTRALIAN STORY. (BY H. ARNOLD NELSON.) CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued). They all arose, and the gentlemen who had fc.vu standing in a group smoking and coinpar juu: their books, joined them, and they went to ,-ii.'k seats, which, on Derby Day at least, tin re i.9 an opportunity of obtaining. A 'sweep'' was arranged as soon as they were ^r.itiHl fladies are so fond of that half-crown fMiiiolmg dissipation), Sir Noel gallantly as- | listing Fay in managing the affair with his kit and mental arithmetic. The numbers were- drawn, and Connie Gilmour had Em pi'l'Ol'. -She has got the favorite— the favorite for !];?.- Derby,' cried Grace.- 'Connie, my girl, you will be lucky all the year, whether Ein \v. wr wins or not.' The glossy-coated horses came out, one by ouo. almost the last was Emperor, coining out iii his usual used-up style. 'That is the winner, Grahsrue,' said some cik' to Jack as he opened his glasses. Jack ; nmlu' no reply. He was perhaps, in spite of Lims:-lf. a litrl? agitated. 'There is Emperor,' exclaimed Fay. 'Yes,' chimed in Grace, 'and as usual he is too l:i zy to walk. Lo-ok how they are kicking him along to the starting post.' After a little eaprieiousness on the part of some of the horses, who refused to go right j end foremost to the post, and a good many cries from knowing people. -?-? ?????? ?? 'They're off!' 'No.' 'Now they are.' ''Xo. they're not.' ''Yes, they are.' 'Here they come.' 'Oh!' Ami with a flash of color, and flying feet, tho ric4d is away and past the turn— away a living streak— round by the Saltwater River and along by the abattoirs., where the^ dross dvops out. along the far side and at the turn for home, all in a bunch on the Mils. The ex ciit inent is intense. 'Trojan! Trojan leads! Ah! he is falling back.'' 'Waierlily! Waterlily! Waterlily wins! She wins!' 'No! she is going. Wa tt/rlily's beaten!' ., 'Union Jack in the lead! He- is winning! He is winning all the way!' 'Aquatic is creeping up!' 'Union Jack first, Antiitic second, Trojan third. They are win ning. The favorite nearly last. Ha! ha! the favorite's nowhere now. They are near tin' straight: they are in it.' Aiid who is this horse that comes like a grey hound from near the last— like a flash of liv ing lightning past the Hying mass— past the third, the second, and the first horses? And once riioro. amid ringing cheers and shouts, the all-white of the Grahames is carried to tin* winning-post by gallant old Emperor. 'A well-run race, and a splendid finish,' w:is the remark of all, as they folded their gl.^sos and made their way to the lawn, up which Emperor was presently led to the front of the vice-regal box, where Lady Bannister's lighr hands decorated him with the highly prized blue ribbon of the turf. Two or three-more races and the proceedings wcro over for that day. and the multitude be t'.»t;k thmsolves to their vehicles and trains, and rolled into the city by the Yarra Yarra. Tlii? amphitheatre was left in solitude, the crushed. . grass raised itself, and the weary marigolds, tired with their work of blooming and dazzling in the- hot sunshine, closed their eyes under the sweet cool dews of night to awake on the morning of Cup Day in increas ed splendor. Dainty gowns and shoes were in spected, and laid carefully away in many a wardrobe, whilst tired and happy feminine ?racegoers crept into their soft beds, much as the ancient Roman ladies refreshed themselves with the baths of asses' milk after witnessing the Olympian game?. CHAPTER XV.— A THRILLING CON FESSION. ' J 1 When the Countess' had been disposed of j Aurandal had sought Sir Noel, but did not succeed in getting speech with him until after , their return to Holrnburst. .When Sir Noel 6toc-d smoking by the billiard-room window, Aurandal came to him and touched him on the arm. 'Hallo..!' said Ernugdeau, swinging round, 'it's you at last. Aurandal. I thought you j were renewing your acquaintance this after- j iiocn with the Countess. What is her present j role? Did she tell you?' j 'Yes: a titled lady on a tour of the world, j She appears to be in very prosperous circum- I stances. The estimable Sir James seems '. highly pleased with her. She made many in- j quiries about your worthy self, and what you j were doing in Australia. I told her Eurcpe had become unbearable to you since losing her a few years ago.' . 'You had no right to discuss me with that woman at all, Aurandal. You know I washed my hands and conscience, I hope, of her long ! ago,' said Emnguean in an annoyed tone. ! 'And now, in your confounded cynicism, you j renew the acquaintance which were far better ; . forgotten, and will, perhaps, make things very j unpleasant for ourselves by doing so. I thought you had better sense.' 'Man is a child of circumstances; there is no knowing what he will do,' replied Auran dai in a quiet toue. 'But you need not get ? warm over this meeting- of c-ld acquaintances. ' I did not tell her that you would be pleased to ] meet her, I can assure you.' j 'I am glad of that. Good heavens! how i can such a woman be taken on trust in society here? The M'Intcshes are, when all is told, eminently respectable people; and yet they be come hosts and social sponsors for a woman whose only credentials are a title, a pretty face, and a plausible tongue. The secret of it all is. she has a title; and these democratic co lo-nists. ho.w the majority of them love a title! Bah!' 'Yes; you are right, and I should not wonder but the versatile lady* whom we have under discussion makes a great thing out of the : M'Intoshes,' was Aurandal's meditative re joinder. 'If we did our duty. Aurandal, we should w-.u-u Graliarae's friends of the woman whom , they have domesticated in their family.'- ! 'Well, we will not do our duty, uion frere. We have always— you and I — given a beast a chance for his lifcy' answered Aurandal. 'Yes, we have,' agreed Erringdesu, 'even :ui unclean beast, more especially the (per haps) more dangerous female one; and if you— as I presume you did— gave the Countess a ' hint of what the consequences would be did she attempt to annoy us,, we will not be in any danger of a fiasco with her.' j Aurandal laughed slightly: his dark face had I a sardonic- expression. - I 'You are certainly giving me the benefit of J our comradeship, Erringdean. Does it not ' strike you tlia t I could plead extenuating cir cumstances did the fact ever come out that the fair being of whom we speak accompanied us as hostess en that China voyage nearly nine years ago, and made things very pleasant, too*? ?You, of course, were host, and I merely a guest on board. Eh! old man?' Erringdean took his cigar from between his Jips and held it in his left hand, with a took of incredulity and surprise on his face, as he lis tened to his friend's words. They struck him as containing a peculiar tinge of threatening defiance amid the banter. 'Be assured, Aurandal,' he answered quiet ly, 'if ever my affairs become of sufficient in , -terest to -anyone ? 'to vrarrant actions of iny earlier life being questioned, and more particu larly the affair you^have just hinted a.t, I will. not violate the laws that govern host and' guest. I will be quite prepared to stand by: . the consequences ?pZ&nw; act of my life, good or evil, and, if I «ver need a friend to stand by me, I am confident of one, my comrade Au randaL' lor As he ceased sneaking, he put out his right hand, and, after an imperceptible pause, Au randal grasped It,' with a better lo-ok on Irs face. .'Yes, Erringdean,' he said, 'your comrade and your friend, now as always.' It will bode ill when men who have stood side by side in time of peace, and shoulder to shoulder in time of trouble, as we have, fall cut. God for bid!' 'God forbid!' echoed Erringdean. Then some other men came dropping into ?the billiard-room, and talk turned on racing and matters connected with it, so that it was early in the Sunday mcrning before the last lights were out in Hohnhurst. As Sir Noel lay thinking of his friend and! Jiis strangely expressed account of his meet ing with the woman whom people called Coun tess Toffosky, he confessed himself rather puzzled by AurandaPs manner. His was a strange 'nature, as ' Erringdean well knew— a nature with great depths. 'He has been locking unlike himself lately,' he pondered. 'Depressed and gloomy, per haps, in the midst of company; as he once said, lie is lonely, and yearns for the old life on the ocean and in the desert. Well, if fortune is kind to me, and gives me Valkyrie, I shall give Aurandal the Siren and let him follow out his desire for a wanderer's life. My dear love Valkyrie, my sweet earthly, queen, sent to me, as her namesakes of Valhalla were believed by the worshippers of Odin to be sent to lead their souls to paradise. Oh, that I had met her years ago! I had then been worthier of her purity and innocence. I understand now that from sweetheart and wife man must keep some secrets, must still house the ghosts, the pale wraiths of remembrances that find in the Iheart of every man a lurking place. Ah, well,' he mused on, 'heaven is merciful! I never realised till now how sweet and blest to man is a good woman's leve. To-morrow Valkyrie has promised me an hour alone with her after dinner, and we shall settle all these doubts and fears then. She cannot be deceiving me, sure ly.'- So musing, he fell asleep. Some hours earlier, in another room (in Thekla's), Valky rie had sat, still in questicniug wonderment, with her aunt, and had. told her of the day's doings-. 'And, oh! auntie,' with. her dark eyes look ing keenly into her aunt's, 'Prince Boris met me at the steps. He was so sorry that you were not there last night. He looked for you in Grahame's box; but, curiously enough, al though you were not there, he saw a lady Whom, I am sure, he knew, as he looked strangely annoyed at sight of her. She was the Countess Toffosky, who is staying with the M'Intoshes.' 'Valkyrie,' said Thekla unsteadily, after a momentary hesitation, 'I am going to tell you something that may surprise you, and perhaps make you shrink from me. All day I havs been striving to make up my mind to do so. Whilst you listen to my story, dearest, you will remember that although your aunt. I Jnight in years be your sister. I was left, like you. early motherless. When you and Thora went to the convent the madre and I travelled | a great deal. About nine years ago we were i at Monte Carlo for a few weeks, and there we met a Russian Prince. Be was much elder than I; but, Valkyrie, I loved him.' She paused in painful emotion. Valkyrie drew her aunt's head down on her bre- st, as a j mother might a suffering child's. , (To be continued.) 