EXHIBITION EXECUTIVE. WEEKLY MEETING. A meeting of the executive council of the recent Exhibition was held last evening; Mr W. Griffiths presided, and Messrs Conneel, Craze, Mercer, Faafaan, Wreford, and Wilson were aleo present. COMMITTEE'S REPOKT. The general purposes committee tabled the. following report:—The committee have ;instructed tbe general manager not to sell the sea's and turnstiles now in tie possession of this Commission, fs they will possibly be of future uee in the buildings. Under previous instructions the manager had sold 30 of the seats at 12s each. The committee have authorised. Mr Stanwix to sell a quantity of machinery material, that will not be longer required, at scheduled ralues. Tbe large tanks in the quadrangle, south - east corner, will alsJ be retained. Action has been taken by the commfttee to protect a number of late arriving exhibits pending receipt of instructions from the consignors, who have in each case been written to. These exhibits have been left in Qaeen's Bond at owners' risk, as we could not now take possession of them. The committee are in communication with the Canning Jarrah Timber Company relative to the future disposal of the fl ooring timber so kindly lent by them to the Commissioner?, and will place some suggestion on the matter before you at your next meeting. Adopted. j THE GENERAL MANAGER The general manager reported as follows :—Tfie notification received from the administrative committee, that my services as general manager of the W. A. Exhibition terminate on Saturday next, August 5, compels me to bring under tbe notice of tbe executive the fact that my dnties can only end when all matters connected with the Exhibition are closed and a balance- sheet published. As, however, I fully appreciate the necessity of dosing the accounts and refrain from incurring any further liability, I accept »he notice received, and shall be prepared to leave my office on the day named. As this will be my last report I must beg to remind your committee that a few weeks ago 1 recommended that a bonus be voted for the members of the staff, who have worked incessantly for the undeniable success of the Exhibition. Your committee have dealt so liberally with our agents that I think they will deal equally so with the officers who are so deserving of a substantial recognition of their services. If the certificates of award are cigned by the president this week, I will attend to their being posted to exhibitors prior to leaving your service. The report was adopted. CORRESPONDENCE. George Pick, secretary of the mineral committee of the Paris Exhibition Commission, wrote asking that the portion of the permanent building formerly med as the agricultural court should be granted for the pnrpose of' storing and packing mineral exhibits. Tbe request was acceded to. The president, Mr A. E. Morgans, wrote, stating that he had had a stamp, representing his signature, prepared for use on the certificate?, and askiDg that the diplomas thjuld be stamped in the presence of two Exhibition Commissioners and Mr N. G. J. Davidson. Messrs H. L. Bead and A. Counsel were appointed to attend to the matter. _SCHOOL OF MINES. A le't^r was read from the town clerk pointing out by direction that no reply had been received to the letter inviting the Exhibition Commissioners to meet the Council and discuss the purposes to which the. Exhibition buildings should be devoted. Mr Mercer explained that the Council Dad written suggesting a conference before the Exhibition Commissioners had written to that effect. Qe therefore advised that the Council should be met as they asked. Mr Griffiths stated that the Chamber of Mines had received invitations to conferences from both tbe Town Council and the Exhibition Cjmmission, and bad decided to ascertain which conference was to be held before taking any definite action. The Chamber was willing to meet tbe other bodies in conference. Mr Craze did not think the Commission conld beik down any further con cerning the matter. He moved—'That the secretarr be instructed to write to the Premier asking that, in view of the fact that there is a difference of opinion between the three loral bodies (•he.Tpwii Council, the Chamber of Miner, and the Exhibition Commission), tbe G ) vernment should take the matter of the formation of a school of mines in Cool gardie in hand.' Mr Wilson moved as an amendment —' That the Council bs written to and informed that it was unofficially understood that the Chamber of Mines was willing to confer on the basis suggested by the Commissioner?, and' ssking the Council to reconsider their decision.' Mr Craze withdrew his motion in favor of Mr Wilson's proposition, which was carried. After a little further informal discussion the meeting went into committee. As Mr C. D. Rose, the owner of Cyllene, is the chairman of directors of the Golden Horseshoe mine, Kalgoorlie, an English spirting contemporary suggests that ' the shareholders in this mine should present Cyllene with a set of golden horseshoes for him to run in the Champion Stakes, which, we hope, will be his next race.' The following is taken frcm an ex change:—'According to a message from Albany, New York, a woman who has begun an action for divorce t'em her husband claims that the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the home and makes her miserable. It appears at nights and frightens her so that she is unable to sleep. It comes near to her and indulges in paroxysms of weep ing, and ^occasionally it smashes the furniture. The petitioner's assertion 3' were at first laughed at, but she per eisted in them,.and upon being medically examined was declared sane.' 