The Chapel of Ease By Harriet Riddle Davis. CHAPTER XIX.— (CoNTraum). ? The doctor has gone, sir : he told me to pay, when you oame in, that he sees nothing alarming in Mrs Cecil's condition ; that, so far as he oan judge, she is nervously ex hausted, but he thinks she will be all right with rest and care. After you went ont. sir. she recovered oonsoionsness, and asked for you, and when told you were not here she' became so excited that the dootor was ob liged to give her something to quieten her. She has dropped off to sleep. If she wakes again, you may see her ; but there must be absolute quiet ; there must; be nothing to excite her.' John stepped softly past the nurse into the dimly lighted room. She followed him, and whispered, oautioningly,— 1 You must not wake her on any aooount, sir.' John shook Ids head in silence and quietly took up a petition where he could see her faoe. It seemed to him that it was the ghost of Hester, the ghost of bis love, that iky before him. Her faoe was white and exhausted; her yellow hair had been leathered off her face, evidently in harried fashion, and lay in a rope orer the pillow. Her half-open hands lay nervously on the oounterpane, and there were traces of suffering- in then and in every line of the faoe. As he noted them, there swept over him a feeling of emotion that threatened to overmaster him. He could feel the swift tide rise from his heart and spread straight to his lips, which quivered beneath it, and co his eyes which became suddenly dim. He had .to shut his hands to keep down the flood gates. Everything that had been wretched and horrible in the events of the day fell away from him completely. He wondered how anything on earth could ever have mattered to him when balanced against Hester's life aad love : it all seemed bo little, stid pitiful, and mean. He was so lost in contemplation of her face and in the thoughts and emotions that oame crowding to his brain that he did not know how long he had been standing, nor realize how worn out and overwrought he was, until the narse qmetly brought him a onair, and, placing it by the bedfrde, motioned him to sit. down. He gratefully. acoepted it, and leaned his tired head against the^ide of the bed, and his long vigil began. Onoe, later, the nurse oame again to him, and said, — ' You look very tired, sir; yon had better go to bed. I will oaU you if she wasps.* But John shook his head. He would' not sleep until Hoster should open her eyas again and look at him. He could not forget the last terrible expression he had seen iu them when she had turned her face to htm after the service, was over in the ohnroh: A little after midnigU Hester beoame very reetleBs, and began to' matter broken, dis jointed words. Finally Bhe opened her eyes and ltoked eagerly round the zoom, and oalled John's name in a frightened voioe. He instantly bent over hnr. She was bo startled when she saw his eyes looking into hers that John's heart stood still. He thought that she did not know him ; but almost immediately the startled look died out of her face, tears gathered slowly in her eyes, she tried to speak, her lips quivered, aad finally she turned her faoe from him. \- What is it, Hester i' he said, anxiously, though softly. .She made an effort to keep back the tears, and said, slowly and brokenly, ' Why wouldn't you heat my explanation ? Why did you give me up ?' It was evident that she had either for gotten or had not sensed the marriage servioe. Her mind had not gone beyond the scene with John in the vestibule of the ohurob ; everything else had been blotted out. John lifted up her nerveless hands in his, pressed his lips to them, and said, fleetly,— ' I did not give you up ; we were married, Hester : yon are my wife : that is why I am heie beside you.' * She turned her face eagerly towards him ; a life oame to her eyes. She was about to speak again, but the nurse oame to the bed and made a warning gesture, whioh John understood. He bent his head close to Hester's, and, kissing her softly, said, in a hashed voice, — 4 Don't try to talk any more now, Hester ; I shall watch beside yon all through the night ; I shall not leave Ton for a moment, and I am strong and happy in my love for you.* The look of relief whioh spread over her faoe was instantaneous. She asked no further questions ; she did not want to talk ; John was beside her, he had said that he would not leave he;. She dimly understood that he knew everything, and she could rest at last. With a sigh of infinite oontent, she smiled into his eyes, then her own closed heavily and she sank into a deep sleep. Her slender, nervous fingers olong to his hand and never relaxed their hold ali through the silent peaceful night. And John kept his vigil at her side. When the mail-bag was opened a few days later at Chapel House, there were two letters in John s handwriting. One was for Aunt Jenifer, and one was for Carey Aunt Jenifer wiped her Bpeotacles, adjusted them carefully, and proceeded to open tiers, wondering what John oould find to write to her about. Carey carried hers over to the window in order to spell out John's queer handwriting, but her attention was im mediately attracted by a big bluebottle fly which had somehow managed to defy the cold weather and was buzzing and humming around with ail the cheerfulness and con fidence appropriate to a day in June. Carey could not attend to her letter, eveu though it was from John, till ihe had despatched this exciting fly. She determined to cut him in two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, and she was just beginning a lively. chase up and down the window panes, when she waB as tonished to see Aunt Jenifer rise suddenly from her chair, upset her work-basket, and call out in a sharp voioe to the entite house hold, although no one was present but Carey, — 'Carey! Beaky! Jasper I all of you! They've gone and got married in town !' 4 Who's gone and got married in town ?' asked Carey, mak''ng dabs at the fly with the shears. ' Why, John Cecil's gone and married Hester, to be sore. Well I well I I never heard the like ot it.' ' John and Hester got married ?' eohoed Carey, dropping the shears and suddenly Bitting down on the settle with a thump. I 1 don't b'lieye it,' she exolaimed. 4 Yes, hern it is : John days, ' Dear Aunt Jenifer,' (' Dear Aunt,' indeed !' she sniffed, though it was clear from the pucker around her Ups that John's adoption of her as a relative was highly pleasing to her,) ' I may as well tell' you without any flourish that Hester and I were married on Wednesday at St Paul's Cburoh, and, barring the fact that Hester has had an attack similar to the one when she fainted laBt winter, and that I have been awfully worried aud upset about her, we are the two happiest people I know of. We don't know when we shall return. 1 hope you will paoify Carey before we oome; I shall probably have to give her half of my possessions in order to appease her. Hester sends her love, and will write very soon. 1 Tours affeotionately, ' John Wosthinoton Cecil. ' It's the meanest, sneakin'est, most low down thing I ever heard of, to go oft and get married aU by themselves and leave us all out, and then stay in town and have a good time ; 'twould been a heap more fun for 'em to Ve had me and Jasper and the dog along. I just tell you, Aunt Jenifer, I'm goin' real mad about it ; I ain't goin' to speak to 'em or notice 'em whea they do get back, and I guess they'll wish they behaved better,' angrily exclaimed Carey. Then' she was silent while aha tried to adjust her mind to the new order of things. At last she broke out again : 4 I'll just make John fork over lots of things ; I'll make him gimme the now beagle puppies, and his double-bladed jack-knife, and bis best pair of dividers, and I guess I might as well speak for the yearling colt while I'm 'boat it,' she wound up, jumping up from the settle and already full of the idea of her new possessions, which, under the ciroumatanoes, she knew she could wheedle out of John. 'Well, I know what Caroline Jenifer's goin' to do,' said Aunt Jenifer, arranging the contents of her work-basket, taking off her apron, and picking the threads off her gown. There was determination in her tone and a flush on her smooth, pink face. ' I'm goin' to march myself to Dorset, and I'm going to tall every man, woman and child in that village that John and Hester are mar ried, and I'll wager that before night it will be known all over Dorset parish and the whole country to boot ; and if some of those people yonder don't feel about the size of a pea when Fm done with 'em, then my name ain't Caroline Jenifer.' And Aunt Jenifer, with skirts tuoked np, and her sturdy feet encased in goloshes, was soon splashing her way over the muddy road to spread the news of John and Hester's marriage. Her triumph was complete. The villagers stared in one another's faces. There waB no truth in the dreadfal stories, and there never had been ; Colonel Brent was dead, and Hester had been a widow after all. and John Cecil had known all the ''time what he was about. Everybody agreed that it was the most suitable match that had been made in the county for years ; and the whole pariah waB in an idyllic state of delight over the marriage of John and Hester, and their anticipated return to Oapel House, destined to be to them, in a new sense, truly a Chapel of ease. (Tub End.) On every engine on the London, Brighton, and South Coast Line there is printed be tween the look-oat windows the name of the driver, under which thnre is the date when the engine ma bnilt. It it is an old engine there is at the .aide of the date a Dumber of miles, whioh u usually about half a million, and then another date is printed. The second date is when the engine was over hauled and repaired, and the number repre sents the distance in miles the engine has' travelled from the time it was built to the time when it had to De repaired. This system has many advantages. In the first, place, every man keeps to his own engine. JtiLe knows aU its good points, knows exactly its capabilities and limitations. Then, again, having hit name printed on his enpi&e; makes every driver take a pride in it, and Jt is a proud day for him when he makes a record ran. 