ABOUT SOLDIERS' V/1VES. Tho wife of an American soldier— when he happens to bo married — has a comparatively happy time of it. Hut it is different else where and tho condition is at its worst in England. No ono need to bo told that tho scarlet jacket of tho British soldier is tho greatest incentive to matrimony known to the civi liscd world of women. Indeed, there is con siderable grumbling, not to say indignation, on this seorc in some quurtcrs. It is pretty generally known that tho sol dier has a susceptiblo heart boating behind his tunic, but who stops to inquirhow the admirable Atkins, with his shilling a day, is enabled to keep a wife and children ? Colonel Gildca, tho Chairman of tho Eng lish Soldiers' and Sailors' Families Associa tion, in an interview said 44 You ore quite right in saying that Eng lish soldiers are u marrying community, but don't ask mo how they manage to keep their wives. There are thousands of men and women trying to live on tho soldier's allow ance of a shilling a day, and I don't suppose 1 am far wrong in saying tlmt at least a third of them are half starved. The women en deavour to augment the family income by doing a liltlo washing, and that sort of thing ; but, at its best, it is only very casual employment. 44 Now, the aim of our Society is to afford temporary relief to the families of soldiers and sailors, and I cuii assure you they Bland in need of a great deal of relief. Our chief considerations are not to pauperise and not to encourage matrimony. It is madness for a private soldier who has nothing but his pay coming in to marry. " But first lot mo explain what marriage in the English army means. Only six per cent, of the men in each regiment are per mitted to marry, and then only if they pos sess the requisite qualifications. For ex ample they must Jiavo nerved for a period of ; not less than seven years, nud they must have at. least £5 in the savings bank. They have, in fact, to be trustworthy men who huvo earned two good conduct, budges. The wives have their quarters in the barracks and go abroad and return wit!) their hus bands at the Government's expense. 44 Contrary to an impression that exists outside the Service, however, if the remain ing 94 per cent, marry, as many of them do, without the consent of tho authorities, they commit no military crime. " They cannot be punished, but no accom modation is provided in barracks for their wives, who enjoy none of the privileges that arc allotted to the wives of tho others, To speak plainly, they huvo to struggle ou upon the soldier's pittance and whatever else tliey can make. You can imagine whnt a sorry plight these women are in when I tell you that it i« quite common for a soldier's wife to have from five to eight children. " But this isn't by any means all with which they have to contend. When a regi ment moves, say, from Portsmouth to Edin burgh, or to India, every one of these women is left behind, while their more fortunate sisters accompany their husbands. 44 They are left with no provision what ever from the Government, and I need not remark that very few of them have the money to follow their huabauds. What we do, theroforc, in addition to assisting those in sickness and making temporary grants, is to scud them after their husbands where we can. 41 Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouse? " " I am at raid that some soldiers when go ing on foreigu service desert their wives until they return. That is to suv, tliey leave them to take their chance. A soldier who is married but not by regimental allowance can,, by the Army regulation, bo subjected to a stoppage of threepence a day— a nice large sum isn't it — for the support of his wife and family while he is away, but ho can only bo- put under this stoppage on the application of tho wife herself or by voluntarily sub mitting to it." "It seems as if Mr. Atkins ought to-bo- hotter paid. How do you fare in trying to dis suade a soldier whose manly heart is burst ing with love from embarking on the treach erous sea of matrimony? " 44 We try to dissuade tho girl— not the man," Colonel Gildea replied, smiling." The majority of girls haven't the ghost of an idea what a soldier's life is like. They are fascinated with the red coat and don't give a thought to the future. " Affuirs are very different in the Eng lish Navy," tho coloucl added. " No man is supposed to marry in Urn Royal Navy. Sbraugclyenougii, thoauthoriticsdon't recog nise the wife of a sailor when the sailor is living, but if he dies on duty or is hilled she is awarded a pension. Now with respect to a soldier tho wife only gets a pension if he succumbs in war. Should he die in barracks through sickness or by accidont she is left to shift for hci>.elf. 44 Sailors' wives aro in a much bettor position when they are iopariitcd from their husbands than the wives of soldiers, inasmuch as on a ship being commissioned for foreign service there is an unwritten law among sailors tlmt every man shall make nn allot ment of something like hulflus pay in favour of his wife or any relatives dependent upon him; and although the Admiralty don't recognise these people, they undertake to make the stoppage and to hand over the sums to the payees as soon as they becomo due. A sailor who neglected to conform to this praiseworthy principle would havo a bad time of it with his mates." 