Short Story. A Distillery Ghost. It Js not necessary to this story that I conjugate my verb ' to be' In the past tense. In fact. It is a painful subject to me, so I will merely say that I am a tramp, of interest to no one, except by I chance to the farmer's dog or to the police. On the particular day of which 1 speak I had been walking since sun rise along roads where the hot dust spurted under my shuttling steps, and where the siaht ol' a solitary blotch of shade was as grateful as tue cimh. 01 Ice to the thirsty. I carried a companion In my pocket, a little tint, black companion, and every now and then, when the prospect became unusually Iry aud my hunger too insist ent, I raised to my lips that mouth which alone ol' all others had been constant to me— tho inoutli of the bottle. Towards afternoon, as I marched dog gedly on, I became aware of a sudden cool lapping of shadow over my sliouid er, and glancing about I saw that a storin was beating up behind me. By some malevolent inspiration I re membered having heard that on this very road stood a disused distillery, a favourite resting-place for travellers of my description. Not far ahead was a clump of pine trees. and .behind them rose the outlines of an old chimney. I hurried towards the place, plunging through a tangle ot dusty weeds, and, sure enough, there stood the building of which I was in search, its sagging roof and bursting walls green with age. There were two holes ripped in the ?roof, staling deep and enoty as the eyes of a skull. I crawled under the door just in time, for the next moment the rain came roaring down straight as ?melted lead. It must have beeu a dismal place at best, but now. under the thick sky and drumming rain-drops, It was particularly dispiriting. There were two rooms on the lower floor with no visible means of communication but a \ wide windows set In the wall. The glass : panes were unbroken, and the room bc ' hind was perfectly dark. Connecting h these rooms with the attic was a rickety staircase. The earthen floor was cover s'- ed with a dank mesh of pale grass blades. I cowered against the wall , while the storm boomed and crackled j' over my head, closing my eyes from j: time to time against the shock of white Are that darted through the chinks and :? under the door. | Presently, as I sat with my hot lids . drawn down.' I felt a startling sense of ]? some one looking at me ; I turned qulck ly towards the window of which I have v spoken, and there, pressed against the i; dark glass, was a face, peering at me steadily. Oh, the horror of that face ! for, as I looked, the outlines began to change and grow, like some great colour ?? less jelly— a soft, human jelly oozing and spreading across the panes. I shut my eyes, and my heart battered my ribs. ; : Agata-I looked, still the face was there, only this time the slack mouth drew back In a sickening smile, and it ran out its blue tongue, licking its loose lips i quietly. I started to my feet with a cry, and as I did so the window began to I. slide up. I dropped to the floor weak with fear, v. and the easli fell into place again. Then ?' i realised that. I must lie there, absolute ly still, for if I rose, the window rose, too — lie there and look, while that face ;? leered at me from behind the .glass. By-and-hy It began to | imove with a flaccid. gelatinous swaying. I saw It bend over, and raise something from the floor, some \- thing that had been a man, but now hung ?J - quite limply in its mouth. It pressed it, the body against the window, laughing ' silently, and I saw— myself ! God help ? me ! for the first time in this world I i looked into my own face. Myown face \- did I say ? No. no ! Some bloated ani |fj,_ mal, purple, pimpled, with eyeballs so F:'.. blood-shot that they seemed to be star j. lng through a web of red lace, j; . How long I lay there I cannot tell. | . 'At last I moved, and my hand touched something cold ; it was my bottle, the i companion of any wanderings. I held it up, and saw that there was' still a drop or two in It. I drained it to the rj ; dregs, and the glad Are warmed me and i,;; ; made me strong. At that moment the Thing began to raise its pallid, horrible feelers, twist i:;j ing them about the body it held, snap s';' ping the limbs off and dropping them into its mouth, where the blue tongue ;;j: caressed them hungrily. [?;; It had finished its meal, but it still 'ft- ?* kept its vague eyes on me, and then I h realised that I was moving, slipping | p quietly towards it! I clutched at the S rotting steps, and they crumbled to brown powder in my hands. I ground my lingers into the earth until there wa--- j a trail of bloody mud after me. Then j - I made one superhuman effort, dashed up the swaying staircase, and broke in ('r to the attic. -,j . I slammed the door and threw myself | against it, for I had seen that accursed ! window dart up with a crash as 1 , leaped, and I knew that the Thlmr j- would follow me, and tear me to pieces. and plunge me into its mouth, and . mash and mangle me between its tootli f'jji. less gums ! ?»,i The room where I found myself was ,j dim and wet. Between the cracks in the wall a flamine strip of sunset j glowed like a forge in the twilight. Every breath of Nature was hushed now, the rain came only in loosely f blown gusts, and the thunder had shud dored away into silence ; my hair rose f|t and my flesh grew rough and icy, for i;;.. on the stairway was a soft, croaking j sound, then a steady pushing against tho j. door. J; I howled aloud in my anguish, and I the sound of my voice set the place bel lowing with echoes. My arms wero torn, and the bones nearly snapping from the pressure, and still I felt the ''door opening, opening ! There was a crunch— one rusty hinge dropped clattering to the floor, another and for a moment the door tottered and fell forward, nearly crushing me ; but, \- no, T was too quick. I was mad with fear. One Instant only we stood Iook ~r ing at each other, the Thing framed In 'f the empty door space, and I— a wild T, beast orazed with the fiercest race In P stinct ; then I plunged forward and out ^ through a rent In the torn boarding. I %. felt the wood snap and give, and the awful swoop of my fall, and kpew that the Thing had hurled itself after me. i'V I scrambled to my feet and went ruah . ing flying down the empty road. (!) The wet bushes slapped my face and \- clung, clammy as dead hands that would ;; have stopped my flight, and all the v time I heard the Thing behind me— heard' the plash of the paddles as it y. trailed through them and the beat of Its formless steps. The moon was . rising across the road, a great swollen disk, sanguine and threatening. I remember every scone : the jerky flitting of a bat, the dark spray of some hanging vine, and the pounding of my own steps. I remem ber catching my ragged shoe in a root that had crawled out from the hedge, and hearing a deep, horrible chuckle ; then I fell forward— aud remember no thing more. It was midnight when I became con scious again. The moon had shrunk in to the zenith, and was looking at me with its little white eye. I was very weak, and my hands were stiff with dry blood. There was not a living thing in sight, only the pale ribbon of the de serted road and the gray fields stretch ing away to the sky. Par on my left stood a clump of pine trees ; behind them rose the outlines of an old chimney, and, sick as I was, I went hobbling through the night till the place was lost to view. Then I crawled into a damp hayrick — and slept.— Julie Closson Ivenly, in the ' Weekly Sun.' 