Short Story. A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a score of people : in the drawing-room of Westholme Towers. The assemblage Included, among others, young Radson, of the Guards, for whom I had conceived a vast pai*tiality ; Wallace Lewin, known to me years ago, 'When he was consul at Jaffa ; Mr. Cansnan, the owner-of the, demesne adjoinsing my cousin Tom's ; and Mr. Caiman's ""Winsome daughter, Dorothy. Miss Cannan sat at the piano, while Tom, under pretext of turning over her music, stood close beside her, all plea gantry and courtesy. Tom—tall and well-built—showed at his best that evening—I noted it with ..gall in my heart ; and his jovial face \- was abeam with smiles, His diligent attendance on Dorothy C5annan had been decidedly more pro nounced of late, lending colour to the rumour then current to the effect that he and she were to make a match of it. From my seat in the embrasure of the Window, with bitterness and envy rankling in my breast, I watched them, Strive as I might—and I detested myself • •for'harbouring the abject fancy—I could not help thinking of the consequences their union would entail upon me and my expectations. " His life only is between me and eight thousand a year," I soliloquised fretfully. " If he marries—faugh ! there's an end of my prospects. Not • only that, his marriage will rob me of her whom I love as my life—more than my honour. Lose Dorothy! I cannot • bear to think of it." My nerves were strained to their utmost tension that night. I felt unwontedly irritable and revengeful as I pictured the misery which the near -future had in store for me. And while I brooded thus' darkly, I seemed to hear a voice—the Evil One's, surely—ever and anon whisper encouragingly into my ear. " Only his life—only his life !" Thankful enough was I when Lieutenant Radson and Mr. lie win, crossing tne tloor, broke in upon my churlish reverie. " What, moping alone.?" cried the lieutenant, cheerily. " This will never do ! -Cheer up, old chap. You seem out of sorts to-day." " Yes," said I, wiping my brow. " My head feels bad—it's the hot room, I think." "Well, come out with us into the • library," young Radson went on. "Stay, -though ! Lewin has just told me that you possess- a museum of your own— \- that is, a collection of bric-a-brac, silver ornaments and gew- gaws that you brought with you from the East. What do you say to displaying them to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing •them." Upstairs we went t© my dressingroom—which adjoined my bedroom— where stood the oblong marqueterie ^able on which the articles were ranged. They consisted of various silver knickknacks of Indian filagree-work which I had picked up in Bombay a year before, with other bizarre samples of Oriental workmanship which had chanced to take • iny fancy. " Very interesting,", said youug Radson, stifling a yawn, in the midst of my panegyrics. " Shall we go downstairs .again? I tear Tomi singing." " Half-a- moment," 1 interposed. "You Yhaven't examined this yet." So saying, I picked up what. I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd collection—an elaborately carved ivory sheath, in which reposed a no less artis- «tic Malay kriss. The steel of the razor-edged weapon -was fantastically inlaid with silver, and possessed some sort of* historic value in having once been owned by the notorious dacoit, Xjal ; Manges. ; The sheath " I handed to the lieutenant, while Le win stretched out his hand for the keen, *curvM blade. , '••'."v'.- ; Radson. r Worth something, that, I j .suppose,?" • MeanwhUe; Xrewlh ran his finger along the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon ' thoughty fce attack tragic attitude, ^cSfed, 1 apingtheorthovllliilfe. **'ltls his. life orminel Shall- " -Ha, ha!" Badapu ' - " at the ex- • a laugh in >laeed seated in close converse witn ner ratner. Thenceforward, to my mind, try as I might to win her attention, she appeared .woefully reticent- Several times I caught her eyes roaming in Tom's direction, and the soul of me waxed wroth at the inference I could not avoid drawing. And at one time I thought she cared for me—thought she knew I cared for her. At that moment the voice smote my ears again with its insinuating hometlirust— " Only his life—only his life t" When the hour arrived for Mr. Cannan and his daughter to start for home. I escorted Dorothy to the carriage, Tom following at some little distance behind with her father. The pressure of her soft palm still lingered in my hand when I went up to my room for the night. Once again, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the reiterated phrase— " Only his life—his life !" ~TL After a wild tossing about on my bed, harassed and feverish, at length I dozed off. Was it a dream I dreamed then—a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With all the strength that is in me. I pray that such a dream may never again fall to my lot. In the dead of night, I thought that an invisible, irresistible energy clutched hold of me, impelling me. helpless nsrainst its mandates, to deeds full of d:\rkness. ingratitude, and treachery. Tn obedience to its behests. I dreamed that I rose from my bed. stole furtively Into my dressing-room, and there took the ugly kriss from its scabbard : I distinctly recollect that I chuckled softly —oh, the horror of it !—as I saw the glint of the steel in the moonlight. Then. I knew not how. I found myself gliding cautiously into my cousin's room, across the thick carpet to the side of his bed. A swift, strong blow, deep Into his heart, and it was done I A cry—hoarse rnd appalling—broke the stillness of th*» n'ght. and this it was, I suppose, that wakened me. I sat up in bed shuddering. Merciful powers ! it was no dream ! The longdrawn wail of mortal agony still rang upon the air. It came from the adjoining room—that of my cousin Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me, I blindly crept into my dressing-room and struck a light.. Yes, it was no dream. The deadly kriss. lying bare and bloodstained on the little table convicted me. As I snatched it up again, to gaze aghast at its gory edge, the muUed .groan once more struck upon my ears. Still retaining the weapon in my grasp, I darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen candles, as, roused by the outcries, the inmates of the house hurried, panicstricken, to the spot With the appearance of the lights, Tom raised himself upon his elbow, stretched his arm towards me as if in denunciation, and then fell back—dead ! I have a dim vision of paled, awed faces around me, looking at me halfcompassionately, half-loathingly ; I saw the fearful gash in Tom's breast, from which the blood still trickled ; above all, like a scar in my memory, I recall the red-tinged kriss around which my fingers tightened convulsively. When the police came I gazed at them ; blankly, unable to realise the import of ! their queries. I replied to them, at hazard, incoherently— " His life !" I murmured, disjointedly. " I was in a dream. Somnambulism ! ; I don't understand. A crime—who says it was a crime ?" The police inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Radson. ,, /"Yes, yes," said the lieutenant with ) evident reluctance. " It sounds like a ; confession. He'll go quietly, I've no i doubt. FU accompany you, too." So they led me, dazed aiid impassive, ; away. . In a vague, kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison* and I managed somewhat to rally my i scattered faculties. There was no use .] in concealing the unconscious part I had played in this grim tragedy, and I unburdened my mind frankly. * " It's a terrible business/' said Radson, when I had finished. " No, I don't blame i you exactly. In that half-sleeping, half-1 waking state, you were hardly respon- f sible for your actions. But it's a terrible i —-terrible business !" ; 1 He need not have told me that, fori when I was left alone the vfvid recog ' i ^ijSonofmy. guiitwasmorethanl could. inst^nees ^a j which l K was indebted to my 00118111 ^m* «P-j t braid me with the baseness of my in- , -" jcould mever be *ich* with-fcis wen . l f rarce or trial ana conviction ; beyond loomed the gaunt, forbidding .gallows. ni. A man leix alone with such tnougliis as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by, and although I could not have been inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as many \yeeks to me before Lieutenant Radson returned. "Phew !" he said, eyeing me intently. "You seem the ghost of yourself. You * ought not to give way like this." " Ought not?" I echoed, bitterly. " Do you expect hie to laugh and dance under my sin ?" ' " Come, come! it's not so bad as all that," he added quickly. "I've a question or two to ask you. In the first place, why did you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream " What do you mean I cried excitedly. " Why this—that you no more killed your cousin than I did !" " What! Is Tom not dead ?" " Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found—wandering half-clad, and raving mad, upon the moor." " The real murderer P' I repeated vacantly. " Have no fear ; he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight. Of course, as soon as we missed him, the hue-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over .his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile purposes conceived by his crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not accountable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to blame " " But," I interposed hastily, v you have not told me who this madman is." " Why, it's the man you knew away in Jaffa—Wallace Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, and a brother of his reached Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin lias of late been somewhat erratic in his behaviour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done, in a seizure of homicidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease with which the murder could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Cannan's theory." " Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers?" " He came directly he heard of .Tom's death. By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Cannan's daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would probably discountenance any engagement between you and his child, because of your unsatisfactory, position financially, Tom—the magnanimous fellow—even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on condition that Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. • That expedient will now no longer' be, needed ; equally, of course, Miss Cannan knew' nothing of these pending negotiations." " And she ?" I murmured. " Have you seen;or heard anything of her V " Only that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation. on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about getting you out of this infernal hole, and If I might advise you, I wocld suggest that you drive straight to his house, and set her at rest. Hark," added he, as footsteps drew near the cell door, "here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off."—* " Weekly Sun." 