“THE HOnOR OF THE ARMY.” The court martial at Rennes is engaged in saving the honor of the army. It wants a deal of saving, and perhaps that fact accounts for the length to which the proceedings are being strung out. The trial in no respect ns concerns the evidence differs from the court martial of 1894 and the inquiries be fore the judicial committee of the Court of Cassation and then before the full Court of Cassation, except that the damnifying evi dence on which the conviction was first ob tained has been pronounced by the highest judicial authority in France to be a forgery. According to English notions, \rheh {‘lie'main charge and the evidence-in-chief broke down the prisoner would have been discharged. But they do these things differently in France,and when that mysterious abstraction ‘‘the honor of the army" is involved, they have a rather different way of going about things than at other times. Notwithstand ing tliat the full Court of Cassation found that the bordereau on'which Dreyfus was 1 convicted was a and that the new 1 court martial must not go outside the evi dence laid before the first court martial, mili tary law at present in France is a law to it self and much new testimony is being sought for. Scarcely any of it, however, is rele vant to the issue—did Dreyfus steal and sell information from the French War Office? The object of the court appears to be to show that the generals were justified in treating Dreyfus as a suspected man, and therefore in condemning him on secret evidence which was kept back from himself and his counsel. Every class, trade and px’ofession has its own code of honor. Conduct which in one place would be pronounced contemptible and exe crable would bo declared commendable and meritorious in another. Generally what ever is done for the collective benefit of the class, trade or profession is highly 'extoUable. Whatever may be its complexion when di vorced from its environment the end justifies the means in this particular connection. It came to the knowledge of the French War Ofhce tliat there was a leakage of, informa tion. Tlie honor of the whole of the'staff at headquarters was thereby placed at stake; and through it the honor of the army. As in late years the French army has had few honors, to boast of, as in fact no lesser an authority than Yon Moltko said that it was the debauched tone of thought and the dis solute lives that were led by the French officers,which aided him so materially in bringing about the disaster of 1870, the gene rals in 1894 set to work in characteristic •fashion-to save the "honor" of the army in connection with the secret traffic in infor mation on which the national security defended in the event of another hostile in vasion;-Generals Boisdeffro!and'Gomc wcitfi sot on to Dreyfus. WTiy they wore set on to him more than to any other officer or secre tary in, the War Department they have not been able to satisfactorily explain,- except that the before-mentioned "honor of the required it. Having no evidence,!' Esterhazy and Paty du Clam, who are still alive, swear that Generals Boisdeffre and Gonso ordered them and Colonel Henry, who is dead, to prepare some. General Mercier, who was Minister of War, endorsed the pro ceedings of the general staff and took an ac tive part in securing the secret conviction of an innocent man because, as he said, an open trial would probably have led to a new war with Germany. So "th&honor; of the Army” was somehow or other held to have been pre served when they ..convicted and degraded and doomed Alfred Dreyfus to torture and living death. He was mode the scapegoat of the whole army. He was sent to Devil's Isle as a special propitiation of the sins of others in the War Office, whom it was im possible to discover, or perhaps whom it would have been impolitic and inconvenient to discover. There was remarkable crafti ness shown in selecting an Alsatian Jew for the sacrifice. a race who lost tneir country a long timd agbf' but ho wag;aljso.. : a-.notiveF>of:a province tliit- i was loaf just long, for th©’ ; proocM' of re-Germanicising l the : inhnbitants'fcd •have made soMe progress;Thb''difflc\ffTy ‘ndiv : is' that if in theopimonof- tho-offioers and arTny ■ the "hbnor of the army" was saved .in 1894, by. the conriction of ; their schomb ■ Of salvation' ‘wiH’be quite undone, should ho now be proved v guiltl(iss, : .. Tliel encouraging ; remark, of Jouast, chairman of the court martial, to Madame Henry, that her husband became a forger for the “hohorbf > the army” is tho keynOto of,the situation'- ' The outlook f {his i the hands’ of the Itenhes .’cqurt 1 martial ‘'fs dark and menacing. If the. "honor of the arm 7” required to iho’’supported' offldM forgeries in 1894, a verdict will be but a minor achievement-on' the J -part of officers in 189?,,.,,,, affl/ . . To-dfyy’s Events.—"Eleption,; ,of mayor, iO; {Court, 2 p.iBlG.'B.’ Clioir. moot for practice.. Baptist Church,. iWlxito V.SDf-piini ;• JjadfOs’. branch, ~H;A.O.'B;S., p.nv; ';V Daughters of Temperance, Temperance Hall, {7.30 p.m,; 6m;; Austtoli /Debating -Soeiefiy,, A.N)A,i. all, 8 p.ra. ; annual meeting,' .fronbnrk ;Qiicket Club, .Quartz; Miners 1 ■ Minuig ; Gully (JJiackhanv),■ ;4.30q),m. _ , ri , . 3 - . •'- r - Goldfiotds'* end ~Dmdends;-—Tho most ..pleasing feature about last week’s mining : news'- is •tho excellent dividend list of £17,675, no less Ilian 10 companies being in it. This is the largest accumulation of divi ‘dchds fqr;a'lpi%:nunil>ef speaks trict aro“cbnceruedr The Great Nbitlicrn declared 2s 6d, and tho Great Southern were a good second with 2s. Fortuna Hustler's had Is 6d, wliich left them a credit balance of £6OO. Koch's Pioneer came out with Is, as also did tho South Now Moon and Snrinff Gully. Carlisle, Fostorville, Ironbark and Clarence each declared 6d. Although it was tho “off week,” tho yields wore very good, and totalled 35960z ldwt\ The prin cipal yields wore contributed by tho Great Northern, 5030z sdwt. from 216 tons; Great Southern, 4040z 7dwt from 353 tons; Fortuna Hustler’s, 2690z- 9dwt. from 177 tons ; Koch’s Pioneer, 3400z 15dwt from 448 tons ; Now Moon, 2260z Bdwt from 526 tons ; LansolTs Comet, 120oz from 520 tons ; and South Now Moon, from; 300 loads. The.Sludge Nuisance.^--A rdeotingiof dele gates from tho various councils interested in the new scheme for abating the sludge nui sance was held at the Town Hall on Satur day afternoon. Present; Crs. McGowan (Mayor), Harkness and Abbott, Ben digo ; Hinton and Goyne, Huntly; and Wirth (president), Vogele, and Dollar, Ma rong. The, Mayor of Bendigo (Cr. McGowan) was appointed' chairman in succession to Or. Harkness. A letter from Mr. T. Clay, jun., was read, withdrawing his protest absolutely and unconditionally, wliich ho had previously entered against the scheme. A communi cation from the Public Works department was read with respect to the engineering and incidental flenses in connection with im proving '"tile 1 channel, informing the confer ence that the acting Minister saw no reason to alter his previous decision that the ex pense bo defrayed by the municipalities in terested. It was decided to again, place tho matter before Mr. Taverner on his return to tho colony, and urge that these expenses be paid out of the amount granted by the Go vernment. . It was then decided to adjourn, pending ' thp, Receipt o£ a! Report from Mr. Davidson, inspcctor- generdl of Public Works, who, together with Mr. Muntz, recently visited Huntly to hear certain objections to the scheme by tho residents of that district. A Painful Incident—A Delayed Burial,— The interment of Mr John Thomas Webb, a resident of Wattle street, who died in the hospital on Friday last, was arranged to take place at the Bendigo Cemetery yesterday at 5 p.m. The funeral duly arrived at the cemetery, but there was no priest present to solemnise the rites for the dead. The mourners were kept in painful and trying suspense until dusk, when o priest having body was removed to the mor- tuary chapel to await interment to-day. The absence of the priest, it was afterwards as certained, wus duo to the fact that he re ceived instructions that the interment was to take place at the White Hills Cemetery. Ho proceeded thither at the appointed time, and was waiting there until 6 p.m. It has been arranged that tho interment shall take place at11 o’clock to-day. City Council Committees.—Tho following are tho various committees appointed for the ensuing twelve months;— Public works, Sul> ton ward; Crs. Harkness, Hoskins and.La zarus-j ward: Crs. Carolin, Abbott and Marks ; Darkly Ward : Crs, Ryan and Bailes, Parks committee:' Crs. Hoskins, Bailes and Marks. Arbour Day : All coun cillors. Mining; Crs. Hoskins, Ryan and •Carolin .V Rates: Crs. Lazarus, (Ryan and Carolin.7 General: 'All councillors.. Sani tary : Crs Lazarus, Carolin and Bailee. Bath corner: Crs. Hoskins, Ryan and Marks. Finance: Crs. Harkness, Hoskins and Marks. Building: Crs, Carolin, Hoskins, and Bailes. Lighting: Crs, Hoskins, Ab bott- Loan committee: Ore. Harkness, Lazarus and Marks. In addition to the councillors mentioned, tho Mayor (Or. McGowan) is.a member and chairman of all the committees. More Bendigo. Talent,—At a concert to be held at Caulfield on September 7, orga nised for tho purpose of raising funds for the Mission Church of tho Holy Advent, Miss Leopi ..Casey, a . Bendigo is an nounced''as a special" attraction. This will bo her first appearance in Melbourne, and great interest is taken in the concert on this account. Bendigo talent in Melbourne at the present time appears at a premium. > , -A, ~Peculjar,; Case.—Two youths, Alfred Stfaughmr 'and' John Lindrea, have reason to regret their visit to the Queen's Hotel, in Mitchell street, yesterday afternoon. While they and a number of other persons were in the house about £7 in cash was stolen from the till, and tho police were -brought in. When Constables Doble and Jolmson arrived a general search was made of tho pockets of the company. More money was found in Btraughoif and Lindrea’s possession than in that of the others present. They wore then arrested and were subsequently released on bail till this morning. The. Powder, Magazine.—Nnturallj the Bendigo powder magazine is an isolated place, but it would not add to the danger of the situation if the. place wore connected with the district’s telephone system. The Government,, we understand, cannot afford such on outlay on behalf of tho mining com munity of Bendigo, notwithstanding- that it would only amount to a pound or two, as :tolephoner!wres:Mdtpolea4a're':beßn , ! , broiight to tjritjiin 300 yards Kitglieh’s soap andicayidle works* 'lt Svotild .oftfiA bo very conymiicnt' if. storekeeper?, mining managers aiiit!nthor^/do'iild v \- cally; cpmmtuiibatd, oufcbeing put Wic loss oftype necessitated bywal)ungi out,;or drivjxigout to .tho place,' ondftt would be an additioharprotectiplri 5 station - could bo ' 1 reached immediatel/ j helpj yyaai ;required£fr6m-pithcr quarter. ’ .; Insulting B.oliavibur.-^Twoyoutb S. fPorbons’ aiid iiTolin, Sohr^m^Wefe rarßestpd ohwgcd of insulting behayioiur. Scliruhin was admitted to bail. ' ~vr ,/.r:F Engipedxiyers’ mooting urday evening, rtho^pbsident-/^^^ in the | chair. and matters of v\ r ■ , M : '• Ghost Pranks,—Some idiotic person has of (. .bite ' I)6oll. playiug gUoat pranks after night fall in the neighborhood of Boundary street and Ilustlpr’s Reef. Various residents of -the locality have been keeping a watoh for 'the individual's next appearance, but it ap pears that ho is awaro of the reception in k store for him, and has cautiously 'decided fro seek' some loss dangerous form of amuse- ' ment. , The A.N.A. Banquet, than ordi nary' interest Is attaohed-to the 25th anniver sary-:pf the.'SEandhUrst branch'of the A.N.A;, ; wlncji is to be celebrated by an banquet at the A.N.A. Hall this evening, owing to the fact that it is to be a special Federal, dc- : monstration in honor of the recent Federal' ■; victories, The principal speakers Will be His Excellency:-the* Governor, -the Hon;: J:" 1 A. Isaacs (Attorncy-Gonoial), A. J. Peacock ,(piucf Secretary), H, R, Williams (Minister of Railways), Dr, Quick and Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.O. It is notified by advertise ment that there are a limited number of; tickets available for the public, which may bo obtained at the A.N.A; Hall to-day. Serious Accident to an Aged Man.—On .Saturday evening an aged man named.. NichplhS'WhlsK'waa"driving aTibrselin'd dray at the corner of High and Lily he fell under the horse's foot, and it is sup- Sosed that the horse stepped bn Jus face, to ivas badly cut nliout .and was taken to,pro hospital in a mb by some bystanders. when he was examined by both doctors. His eyes wore:then partly closed, and after admission; the swelling became so bad that t hey com- ; pletely closed. His nose waa broken, and all the teeth cither loosened or knocked out. Both his hands were ;partly pnratysed end : his face covered with bruises and cuts. Ho could; not, owing to the injuries ho received, : cmivqme^tlr'tno:dbet'bro. Cl Tram Accident.—A matt'named Andrew ’Trcwartha got out of A train tt Loiig :Gully on Saturday afternoon. '' He was crossing the road at the back of tho car to .go to his worky when a train Coming hi the opposite direction (from Bondigo)dcnooked him down,- cutting him severely over-tho loft eye, and; rendering him unconscious. Ho was taken ! into a neighbouring store, and when he came to himself proceeded home. 1 ; Swinging Accident.—A little girl, 10 years Af age, a daughter of Mr. Ruthorfqrdj of the local 'mot witli a very jxiinfiif ac cident while playing on a swing at her pa- residence in Forest street. . She was standjng‘upon the seat and somehow lot go lj.or hold. She fell heavily, upon her face, and cyt her upper Up;'i. Dr. J. Mclntyrc Eadio found that the lip and roof of the mouth wore severely cut, ‘' *-Hb had’to lipi UldproH-, Tom s while the wound was being stitched »P- • . , . 1 ’ : Vyoqdcutfcing Accident.—A lad named Jas/ Mdbre, a resident o|,Rack Creek,yvna brought to the hospital last ' cVening' suffering from ;ti;sat|on the ankle joint caused by. an axe-’ {dipping syhen he was cutting wood. Dr. Connelly inserted several stitches. ■ Gear.—A boy named Arthur t 7,00d was looked nip oh Saturday: afternoon 1 by Constable E. J, of Golden Square, charged with the attempted larceny of some winding gear, tho property of the South Bon-, d;go Company, at Golden Giilly. ■' Death from Natural Causes.—Dr, J, D. Boyd held a post-mortem examination; on; Saturday on the body of an old man named Ball, who died somewlmjb suddenly. In the A a tlje post-mortem disclps.o,d the fact that death) was due tp-natural causes, a magisterial: mquirytwak deemed unnecessary, arid, an • order] given* Mr "burial. ' Cigarette inquest hold at i Bombalobn tho youth, Douglas Greer, who sometime ago died suddenly after smoking a cigarette, concluded on'S^^y ; diet of death tlirough affection of the respira tory jccnltc. It ; was'shoiTn, that deceased had previously had fits somewhat spnllar to that in which ho died; - . : ' ; < Sandhurst Meohamca’ Ball.—The ladies' committee'of this fhnetion mot'bn" Saturday afternoon at tho “institute,. , the Mayoress (Mrs.‘S, H; McGowan) preeidhig oyer a full and ; representative meeting,; Donations were'received, frbm Mesdamea J. Sterhberg : (£1 Is), B. Meuller and S. Ware ‘(of "IDs each),] W, Pearee promiscd-te pro-- vido two gallbms of win© for the supper table.. Many promises of . cdibloa' were'/.rC-'; cordeS*'“'by'Th6~ hon. secretary (Mrs. Sargopt), from ( ryho are not devotees ~of. dancing, but aro anx-, ious jto .aid in making succesa assured. Progress Reports Were made, showing" that 100 tickets have been disposed of. The band ’tenders ycro dealt with, and Mr. Her-; scheUfs offer accepted; Several matters were refenfed to deputations. .... Sandhurst-,Co mmon Managers.—The fort nightly ;>;mcetmg-: >vas hold- ’ bn Saturday, Messfs. Garrett Buck (chairman), and J. Dolbridgo being present. Tho herdsman reported that he had received £8 in fees dur ; ing tho month. ; Mr, Delbridge moycd klip appointment of Miv Angus J- Gray as herds man for the ensuing 12 months, stating that ho had performed his work during his first- year. ' 'The motion 'was conded .by Mr. ! Bpck, and agreed to unanj-, mously". ’ City . presiding magistrates (Messrs. . Lowndeft aha AVirth) found. tliejr positiph’ very nearly a;Sin’ecure bn Saturday, morning. Tho onlyiiusincss was a debt case, MTiean vr.E. Morris, for £7 16s 6d. .. An order; for the amount, with i3s; coßfb, ! was made! .. v , , r ■ V- ; Matrimonial.-—At Perth ,(W.A.), on July 24, Miss Lousia A. Mollef, : eldest daughter of Mr. fGrt'J^Moller;Tato > rofrßendigbrTvas married to Mr. Edgar Lamperd, sccond kon of Mri, W? T/amperd; of TobTlebm ] T?ie'cbf i~ ' mony; was performed k at Hie. residence p£ ; ,Mr. . T. H Hill, hy .the • Eey. ; D. Rose.] Cleric of Courts.—Mr. W, T. Toriks has; been instructed-by the Qrown Law Depart ment to act as clbrk of jtetty sessions during the absence oC Mr, G. V, Aspinall. bn leaver Militi'a.—The'appointment of Messrs. R. O. Hendeirsbn, T. R. Henderson, E..W... Mitchell and A..D -Roberts ’as 'Lieutenantsi of thb 'stlr-Battaljon,' Infantry Brigade, ! on probation, has been approved of by the. Go-, vornor-in- Council. The seniority of these officers ’ will bp detennined bn, passing the required examination on: tho, completion of: their term OP probation. . “John Bull and His Trades, ”■—Owing to the great pleasure which the rendering of the delightful operetta, “John Bull and -His, gave bn Friday evening last, it has' been decided to give a second performance; on Tuesday evening next at Hie Fotest Congrgational Hall at the reduced price .of sixpence. Another full houso is expected witness the cantata, which - is enlivened by choruses, rfePrams, solbb, duets and shrewd and wjilty sayings. - The. twenty .principals will be dressed to represent the various trades; and supported by a chorus of 40 voices; -under; it)\e • baton oL Mrs;- J> B/' Young. The Sk Paul's Boys' Choir will also assist.- ..I'-i'-;-;’ -L;': . “Review of Reviews.’’—“The Review of Reidews”' for August is an excellent number, the best yet published. There are several articles by Mr;. W. T l . Stpad ln his best style, and one oh the influence of cli mate on-clmtactor by the Rbv. B. Waddell Cricket enthusiasts will be' ploafeed, as the crickekbored, will be aanbyed; tfejseb -pride' of place in the niunber given tp an |llUßtrnte(T article- by- 0.. B.VPfy, 'Wo Lost thb Second Ttet MatelU- ;;: ‘ To- G. 11. H6Biibn v ahd*ObrwflrFoirby auction'ah': imraonso oolldotibh of now .and fur nituco.i The goods Will be on'view: 'frbm 9 o’clock: this morning, full- particulars of which appear;in bUr auction column. ; and'Goi, undOTlhstinicllons 'from' Mrs. Jfihet Harvoy. will e« greaves ‘street, at 12 a’ctock to-day, entirely . with oub reserve,- twp' wcll-bffilt : IpuiSrobmPd 1 ' 'hahses; situated m'-LUyy&eet.;' :->d '' The depositors at the Savings Bank, Bendigo, ; aro reminded that their pass-books aco reqnired for the anuual mspection to-day iahd tb-riiorrow. . , 41 T 