I I HER DOWRY — A North Queensland Story. f By Yon Kotze. (For the "North Queensland Register.*) HER DOWRY. IX. A month had passed away. Suffering annihilates time; but wait ing intensifies it. It's most micro scopical divisions become visible to the haggard eyes of the sickening soul; deliberately the pendulem swings to and fro, to and froi, and not a single stroke Is lost to the quivering con science. A succession of water drops falling on one particular spot of the body "becomes torture unbearable, a flagellation with IgSanlj hammers—so the little empty minutes j touch the heart day by day, night by night, with always the same message of disappoint ment, till their trifling advent is looked forward to with morbid fear, and borne with scarce human fierceness. The drought had laid the North under the baa of God. For in the dry districts of Australia all gifts of Heav en, all that is really and truly blissful and good, spell water. If we. should ever return to paganism, we shall be come waterworshippers, in contradis tinction to the Parsees audi .their pre God. A vast desert pain, strewn with the bones of drought-murdered beasts and men, roasting; and groaning under an aching, fla.m1ng sky; the horizon leaping and quivering in heat waves, or losing itself in mocking mirages; here and there a dwarfed, contorted tree, like a curse of hate grown from insufferable torture; and in the centre the bubbling; laughing jet of a bore, falling musically into a clear sheet of water. That might be the temple of our children, the altar and idol, to which they might sacrifice. Running water and shade—it is the dreamland paradise of the Western-bred man or woman. The drought resigned supreme. But with lit™ had jcome another enemy of the pioneer, a new and terrible plague, the cattle Aick. -Together these two fiends crawled relentlessly over the country, and no blade of grass would grow where there foot had trod. By thousands and by hundreds of thous ands the Texas fever was slaying the herds, and the little Riverside run was soon nearly depleted of its stock. The bulls and breeders, that Jim Sturt had imported from South, were the first to Buffer, and soon the unmistakable im press of ruin was to be seen all over the selection. With a dull, aching despair the owner would ride over the red-hot sand and the cracked black, soil plains, his burning eyes staring hopelessly at the horrors of the great silence' the ghastliest incarnation of Death.- Every moan, every low bellow from a thirst ing beast cut him to the quick, and at times amadness of Tory would over come him* and yelling curses into the empty air, in. bis rain endeavor to provoke an answer from the dead skies above, be behaved like a maniac. Perhaps there Is no_Jtffittle so hard to fight, than this negative one against not the fury of the elements, but the absolute immovability. In the midst of an ocean's convulsions against the terrors of earthquake or flood or fire, the heart of insn Tan. steel itself and fight. There is an. active, a "tangible enemy. And if the forces of Nature are too overwhelming, too brutally powerful: well and good, it means do feat and death. But tire drought, the simple refusal of the elements to enter the lists—the Bleep of God that no human voice can "waka, is like the war of flesh and blcod against an. army of invisible, ampaJpable ghosts. Ygu strike, and there is no resistence ; yoa scream, and there Is no answer; you curse, and wheedle; and pray, and abase, and nothing moves, nothing altera The landscape smiles its same ghastly smile of white death, and the heavens beam down with the same unclouded merciless brow. For the sea may lash to fury, and the thunder drown your cries, When the darkness diraVs upon you and the storm is in the skies. Bmt the bush is most despairing, and its face is grey and dead, When the sun is shining brightest in the either overhead. Perhaps it was the vague instinct of s "1 f-martyrdom mysteriously ingrained in the character of strong men, that' prompted James Sturt to day after day ride out into the. midst of the dumb misery about the homestead. Or, per haps, it was a desperate attempt to pro vide an antidote to the poison he was imbuing at home. As if it were a direct reflex from the condition of things outside, the* domiesitie atmos phere at Riverside was depressed, grimly quiet. A drought of happiness and love and good fellowship bad set in; and was becoming; harder day by day. Lizzy Start had regained all the bodily strength her frail constitution. was capable cf, hut her intellect had begun to perceptibly cloud. There were no more hysterical scenes, no more sud den fits of unreasoning fear and terror. But a dull veil of apathy wrapped up her soul and hid It fromi even those that were dearest to her—even from herseflf, perhaps. Everybody in River side saw it, and while her husband ate out his heart in helpless revolt against fate, that took his wealth and his love from him, and not content to take it, tortursekl him by slow degrees, old Mr* Sturt found some considerable conso lation. In the fact* that she had "told them so," and forewarned all and "sun dry of what would happen." Emmy also, notwithstanding her warm af fection for her brother and his poor wife, could not but place her own af fair into the foreground. She saw her dream, the dream that centred around Charlie Fenwick's stalwart form, slow ly dissolve into nothing. She was quite able to interpret her mother's many hints as to the desirability, at the present juncture, of a financially good match. She knew what the fam ily required of her. The fortune of the Sturts depended upon her. And she had only to say "yes." But -though she had submitted tame ly to the severance of her relations with Fenwick, Mr John M'Lean had by no means taken the place of the banished lover. In the most yielding and weak nature there is to be found bedrock, if you only bore deep enough. And Emily absolutely refused do entertain the idea of marrying the rich old squat ter's nephew. In fact, he had become an object of loathing to her, very un deservedly; for every disagreeable al lusion, every nasty contretemps she had to submit to at the hands of her parents, she credited! to Jack; and his account was becoming very lop sided indeed. The deceptive freshness of the early morning was already beginning to fado away into the stifling lust of the awak ening day. There was not a drop of dew on the dun-colored leaves. On the few dry stalks of grass along the trade, for the eyes of creation, were dry with too much suffering. The sun had leapt up In the East and was glaring blindingly upon the mysteries of death. James Sturt, mounted on a very de jected looking moke that was kept alive on a variegated, diet of damper and kitchen offal, fast becoming a carni vore, jogged wearily y along towards the river. The enormous, hungry chasm of rocks and. sand was quite dry, and as the animal ploughed wearily through that streak of desolation, Jim was spec ulating on the probable ownership of the salitoius and mummied^ carcases that strewed the gutter. Clambering up the other bank, he suddenly chanced upon Mr M*Lean and his nephew. "Hallo, Sturt,"_sang cut the old man. "Havent seen you for a lifetime. Where have you been knocking about?" "Counting the dead *uns," answered Jim, with a very poor attempt at a smile. "You take my tip-, and count the live ones. It's the quickest job." "I woul&nt; have anything to do at all, then." ' ' ! i ^ "rs it as bad as that?" the other asked, with a lift of his eyebrows. "A damned sight worse!" broke out Jim. "I am cursing myself from dawn to sundown for ever having1 come to this God-forsaken country. You might as well try and grow wheat on Central Mount Sturt as raige cattle m this part of the worldi" "Ye-©s!" McLean admitted thought fully. "It's a rum place. But, Lord bless you, I remember la '75 we bad a drought that——" "Oh. I say-** iivteriupted Jack, "Yo;i are rather un improved edition on Job's comforter. Hang it all, let's talk of something more cheerflil." "l ike to know where you'd find it," mumbled Jim gloomily. "Couple of miles up this blessed desert you call a river," answered Mr McLean junior. "We've found there what, my uncle calls a watetr-h ole— about 20ft. below the sand! Anyhow, he has put on a man with a spear pump, who is hard at it filling' troughs. If you have any cattle left at all about there, you better get them into this river for a drink. Smith will give you a hand.*' "Who's Smith?" asked Start. "Oh, that's a fellow I jxut on soma weeks ago. A deuced hardy chaphe seems to be, too*.'' "Dainned smart young fellow," the bid man explained. "Jack met him on the road to May town, and engaged him on tiLQ spot. Hands are none too plentiful about here just now. The rats always forsake a sinking vessel," he added grimly. "Well, we'll have to get home to Kalooma," the younger McLean be gan again. "Hope to see you over soon. By-the-bye, I'll give you a call up at Riverside in a day or two." "Alright, old fellow," Jim, mechanic ally acquiesced. "So-long. Good-day, Mr McLean." And he turned his horse's head up stream, towards the troughs where the precious liquid was being dispensed. As he came in view of the spot, he saw a man working hard at the pump, and a stream of clear water bubbling Into a line of rough log-troughs. But even the sight of the life-giving ele ment, and the eager beasts thronging about, could not divert his attention from the dlxnlv rehoemised eha.Be straining with regular motion at the handle bar of the pump. Gliding off his horse and throwing the reins on the sand, he stepped up. The man turned. "Great Scott! Charlie!" "Jim!" the other exclaimed. "Where do you come from? Glad to see you. But my name is Smith, at present." Jim looked puzzled, and Charlie laugbed.. , "You see, I was stone-broke," ho explained. "And I wanted a job some where—er—somewhere near about, you know," and he blushed furiously. "So you got it of Jack McLean?" enauired Jim. "Yes, I got it of Jack McLean. Not so bad a joke, is "it? when you take all things into consideration." Sturt laughed aloud. But then he remembered, and broke off short. "Look here, Charlie!" he began hes itatingly. "It's no good. Really, it's no good. You know I should like you to have the girl, and Em does care for you. But ——" "But?" "Well, there is no use making any bones about the matter. It's simply this: I am ruined!" "Then your mother can't say I want the girl for the money, anyhow." "No. But if—if she marries Jack McLean—don't you understand?" Charlie turned-very pale. He be gan to see, but he did not answer. Jim went on desperately: "There's father and mother, and there's Liz. She will have to go South, at all costs. Ana even if the banks hadn't gone .smash, no Bane man would recommend an overdraft to me on this asset." And he glanced significantly around into the desolation. "And—you want to make Emmy marry that cad for his cash?" Charlie began. Jinn felt that he was being1 put into a disagreeable light, and accordingly became virtuously indignant at the denseness of the other man. '•I don't know what you., mean by your question. But if you want to know, I'll you. Old Mac is willing to advance me sufficient to re-stock my ran, when this accursed draught and the ticks have gone to bell, where they^ belong-to, if iE&aoi.; marries his nephew •. -^That's the long and the short of -it, i ^r^niithi'V Charlieturned away without a word and sat down on one of the troughs, ' with face averted. Jim watched him for a while, anil thenbegan; "You see, Charlie ——" "Never mind explaining. I do see. But," and he looked up beseechingly, \- "you will-allow me to say good-bye to her?" Jim assented eagerly, for he felt very mean* mid was glad to make some v sort of am£ndo,. poor as they 'were. "And you won'tlet on to McLiean _ about the 'Smith' business?'' "Of* course not, old fellow. I aim really awfully sorry, but —" However, Charlie did cot listen!. And Jim thought. it as well to post-; pone for another day the work of mus tering the remains of his stock and bringing them into water. With a short "So-long!" he jumped on his horse and headed down-stream, leav ing Charlie sitting crestfallen on the empty trough Jim spent the rest, of the day -on the run, travelling purposeless about, sick at heart of the sights that met him everywhere, yet afraid to leave this cemetery of Nature to enter into the graveyard of his hope and love at home.. ^ It was after sundown when he ar »ived at Riverside. On the verandah, his mother met him, an ominous frown of foreboding on her features. He winced painfully, and tried to pass: by her. into the house. But she stopped him, and laying her hand on his arm, whispered: • ! . "Come with me Into the dining room. There's nobody in there just now, and 1 have something to tell you." Uneasily Jim followed his mother, who led the way with the stately grace of injured innocence, about to dear herself before the world. "Sit down, James!" "Oh, bother It, mother! What's it all about? I want to get something to eat, and not be sitting about talking. Can't you wait till after supper?" But he look a seat for all his remonstran ©es. It was nearly dark outside, and there was no light in the room. Jim cotdd just trace tile silhouette of his mother's'form against the faint glim mer cf the westward -window. "James" Mrs Sturt asked solemnly. "Did Elizabeth ntell yon anything—any news—about—about " Jim shifted his feet impatiently. "What sort of news do you mean ? t don't remember her telling me any thing new." _ "Dldshe tell you that " and Mrs Sturt leant forward and whisper ed into Jim's ear. "Good God! Mother !" He start ed from his chair and made as if toi run into his wife's room. "Stay here, James." "But, mother "Stay a minute !" she commanded. "Do Vyou understand what that means?" "Do I understand?" he asked, and there was laughter in his voice, though the darkness hid his features from] the old woman's searching eyes. "Why, it'll alter everything, and for the good!". "Yes, ifil alter everything—for the Worst!" It : i ; j • ■ '•"Mother!" V«' "Can you not understand, James I Are you bo thickheaded as all that ? The mother was mad ; the daughter— no, do not interrupt me, , this is no time for mincing matters. The daugh ter Is mad; and now, the baby that is to come With a groan of anguish Jim pot his hand on his'mothers mouth. Bid; she flung his arm .away, the excite ment she had; been. restraining all through the day bursting its bonds. "You have committed a crime! Ten have ruined your parents and your sister ; and now, now, you are the Cather of an idiot child and' -——" "Hush, mother, what was that?" ShB had heard it "too, and she stop ped short. With trembling fingers sh& tit the lamponthe table, and when the flame had burned up they both turned towards the end of the apart ment. The door to Lizzy's bedroom was open, and In .front of it stood the young wife, in a long loose gown, her arms uplifted as i£ in terror, herface ghastly white, her big black eyes star ing at the cowed couple like a pair of buroinj?coala, Npbpayepoke for* minute np&ofljr; moved. Then, of a sudden, the girl buret out Into a peal of demoniacal laughter, thatechoed and rung through the house in shrill cadences, that. pierced the very marrow, of the listen ers* bones and set their nerves on edge. Emily and Nina came running in from the kitchen, in affright; but Mrs Sturt was the first to recover her senses.' Hurrying round the table she -was just In time to catch the falling girl in her arms, and .with a few sharp orders brought Emily and Nina* to her side; and between them they carried Liizzy to her bed. I Jim had fallen against the .wall, the clammy perspiration of terror on his forehead, his heart beating Irregularly, his eyes still staring stupidly at the doior through which his wife had dis appeared. Over .the low partition he Couldhear her raving and moaning, now calling1 out tenderly his name, and then again inlying up daily events into anJtmintelligible gibberish. At intei vals the soothing voices of the attend ing women, or a whispered order would float eerily across to htm. They had. taken the lamp into the bedroom, and he was in the* dark. But he not iced it not. He stiil saw his .wife, as she had looked just now, as she had looked that night in Murder Creek. And .then' he shuddered, and awoke from his torpor. Perhaps everyone has, at one time In -his life, seen and heard a raving lunatic, and turned away with a touch of icy horror on his soul. But who has experienced the pain unspeakable, the midden snap ot all bonds that tied his heart to that of another—and that other a maniac? What is parting, what is death compared to a fate, that leaves us the body in all its freshness and loveliness, with all its little trails and dimples and crosses—and takes the mind, the light the consciousness ! To loathe the being: that a few short days ago was all the world to> him. Jim remembered dimly, how his conduct towards his wife had not been all it ought to have been* ever since that terrible disclosure Mrs Start brought 'with her from Brisbane. He remembered now, how often Lizzy had gianccd at him, Inscrutably it seemed then, appealingly, yearningly, he knew now. He had not been able to hide his knowledge from her. She had found him oat in his falsehood, his Imitation tenderness, and perhaps it had helped to drive her into the gulf of madness. \- And to-night—of course, she had heard. And the thought, the eudden recognition of the fact that the very means she had believed would bring her husband closer to her heart again, had in reality alienated him altogether and 'wronged the unborn fruit of their helpless union, had proved the last straw. . Again a peal of wild uncanny laugh ter came- from the other room; and suddenly Start jumped up from his leaningposition. \- "Koko! Koko!" he cried, running out Into the yard. Catch those two horses In the paddock an<3 -put *em Into the - buggy—at once * Do you • hear?" Koko marvelled, but obeyed with unwonted alacrity. As Jim turned back Into the house he met his sister. Her ores were red with weeping, but Bhe dried the tears away hurriedly, and sd£d z ' ■ "Jim! I think It to (he brain fever. You are going for the doctor? Oh, be quick! If she gets through this, it might—perhaps—" \- She dared not finish. But for many a long day Jim Start had not found so much consolation In a worded hope, as was insinuated by that, unfinished senteace of his sister's. As he dashed away through the night, towards the nearest township, some forty miles away, whipping. ns> the poor-looking pair in front of him, the monotonous clatter of the wheels seemed to sing to him, "while mile after mile, always the same refrain: "Perhaps ! Per haps !" 