ShadcSeck Light, BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING, Author of "The Star of De Vere," "Wed, Yet No "Wife," "Lord Rory," "A Wo man's Hand," "A Wonderful "Woman," "Norine." Etc Eta CHAPTER X. — (Continued.) It is a cosy apartment, as befits a house-keeper of Miss Hart's temper and long- standing at Charlton. A bright, red coal fire burns in the grate, a cat curls up comfortably before it, a rocking- chair sways by the hearthrug, china dogs and vases are on the mantieshelf, red moreen curtains shut out the rain- beaten night and shuts in the glowing, fire-lit "interior." A flash of recogni tion comes into her visitor's eyes as he enters— a flash, half pleasure, half pain. "It is like old times to be here," he says, standing before the fire. . "Ah, old times," responds Harriet. "I wish to goodness old times would come back. We had some peace and comfort of our lives then. I'm old myself, and now times don't suit me — lazy, fine gen tlemen a-loafin' about, and chuckin' of the chambermaids under their sassy chins; cross missises that an angel would have to give war.nin' to every other month; eatin' an' drinkin' goin' on perpetual from J nine in the mornin' to nine at night; a rush o' people fillin' the house and drag- gin' the servants off their feet; wimmin with their clothes hangin' off their bodies, only a strap of lace across their powdered shoulders to keep them on; playin' bil liards and crokay, and gaddin' about with the men folks, and they makin' the whole place beastly with their cigars. Faugh! if it wasn't for Miss "Vera I'd a left long ago." He lifts his head at the sound of her name; the rest of Harriet's valedictory has been lost. "Miss Vera," he repeats; "yes, Harriet, tell Miss Vera I am here. Tell her I have come from New York on the eve of my departure for Cuba to see her, and will detain her from her friends but a few moments." He leans his elbow on the low chimney- piece, and seems to relapse into reverie. Harriet gives him one last keen glance as she turns to go. Vera is his wife — at least, they went to church one day to be married— why, then, does she not behave as such? It is part and parcel of the new state of things going on at Charlton, of the topsy-turvey sort of life these people lead, dining until nine, dancing until one, breakfasting in bed near noon, married women making eyes at unmar ried men, a few of the fastest and fris kiest young matrons smoking! Deep disgust weighs down Harriet's soul, speechless wrath flames upon them out of her needle eyes. Miss Vera is the leaven that lightens the whole mass. She never carries on like a skittish young colt in a paddock, she never makes a fool of herself and disgraces her sex with these slim-waisted, cigar- smoking, meustached young dandies, who part ' their hair down the middle, and stare at j her (Harriet) as though she were some I extinct species of the dodo. But she is | a married woman, and she does not live with her husband; thus much she con forms to her world and her order. Harriet goes to the different doors and scrutinises the dancers. Scorn inexpres sible sits on her majestic Roman nose as she looks at the waltzers — half-dressed : waists clasped so closely in black broad cloth arms. She is not there. "For which, oh, be joyful!" says Miss Hart, turning away. Yonder is her mistress, ; looking as if a rainbow and several pink ' and blue clouds had been cut up to make her gown. "We'd a-scorned to put red and blue together in my time," she solilo quises, "we'd better taste." Among all the reeling, swaying, volup tuous-looking throng Mrs Fanshawe whirls and wheels, the bright particular I star of the night, waltzing as if her feet j touched air. | Vera is not here. Harriet visits the 1 music-room, the conservatory, and finds her at last actually sitting out the waltz, talking to a popular poet down from New York, and looking as if she prefer- I red it. "Miss Vera," in a rasping whisper. ' She turns from her long-haired poet with a smile. "Yes, Harriet," she says, In her gentle way. : "There's a visitor for you; he's in my room, a-waitin', He's down from New York, and wants to see you." "A visitor," Vera says, in surprise, "for me? Not a guest? Who can it be? It is not," laughing slightly — "it is not Daddy?" "Daddy!" retorts Hariett, with scorn. "Well, it's the next thing — it's Daddy's master, leastways as was. It's Captain Ffrench." Vera rises to her feet. She forgets poet and party; she stands confounded and looks at the speaker. "It is Captain Ffrench — Captain— Dick — Ffrench," says Harriet, tersely, "and he's a-waitin' in my room a-purposely to see you. He won't keep you long; he told me to tell you so, and he's goin' to Cuba. He told me to tell you that, too." She puts her hand to her. head. The shock of surprise is great, but the shock of sudden, intense joy is greater. Colonel Ffrench here! Her heart gives one great, glad twrand, and then pulses on a hundred a minute. It is with something less than the usual high-bred grace and. ease for which Miss Martinez is justly famous, that she turns to her poet and. makes her excuses. Then, without a word to Har riet, she follows her to the door of that lady's boudoir. There Miss Hart unseals her lips. "He's in there a-waitin'. - You don't want me to introduce you, I reckin," she says with grim humor, and goes. Vera stands a moment. In that mo ment a change comes over her; she is the Vera the world knows again. The shock is past; there s no need for her to be glad to see this nian. He has mistaken her once, he shall not again. Dora's words re turn to her; whatever the business that brings him here, it is quite unnecessary that she should show gladness at his com ing, or trouble him with an effusive wel come. There Is not a man dancing there in the ballroom who is not as much to her as this man is ever -likely to be. She takes herself well in hand, then opens the door and goes ' in. . He turns quickly. Miss Martinez's taste in dress has the effect always of looking simple, and gives beholders — male behold ers—the idea of beauty unadorned. In reality, her wardrobe rivals in expense Dora's own. She wears white to-night- creamy white silk, with ornaments of dull yellow gold, some touches of rich old lace, and a crimson rose in her hair. Her splendid eyes light like brown stars the dusk pallor of her Spanish face. I That pallor is deeper than usual, the ! laces rise and fall with the rebel lious beatings of the hea-rt beneath them ; but he does not distinguish the pal lor, does not hear the heart-beats, so no I harm is done. "This is a very unexpected pleasure," ! she says, smilingly, and with the instinct : of hospitality, holds out her hand. "Let 1 me welcome you back to Charlton, Colonel Ffrench." | He holds for a second the slender, un responsive hand, then drops it, and places a chair for her. "Will you not sit, too?" she asks. "No," he answers, and resumes his place by the chimney and his former position. She has not said much, but something in her tone, in her eyes, chills him as the cold night wind sighing about the gables could never do. In her beauty and her pride, her rich dress, the gleam of yellow gold, as she sits in the ruby shine of the fire, she seems so far. so high above him, that he turns his eyes away with a feeling akin to despair. He realises, as he never realised before, that the Vera of six years ago is as ut terly gone out of this world as though the daisies grew over her grave. This beau tiful, reticent, graceful, chill-voiced, fine lady, is no more his black- eyed, laughing, romping, loving, madcap Vera than The brown eyes flash up their golden light suddenly upon him. — — — — — """"" — — — — "When did you come?" bTio aairp "From England, I mean."- "Three days ago." "I trust you left all our mutual friends very well?" He turns his eyes, fixed moodily on the fire; with a swift, passionate glance to her face. "I saw; Beltram Talbot before I left," h& says, abruptly. "Yes." Her voice does not change, but a faint color rises, and the hand that holds her fan is not quite steady. "And I know- that you refused him. Vera, why?" She meets his glance steadily— slow, in-, tense surprise and anger in her eyes. "I decline to answer that question. I deny your right to ask It." "I claim no right," he says, steadily. "It should be ample enough, Heaven knows; but a right enforced — in this case — would hardly be worth the claiming. Vera, I wonder if any other human being ever changed so utterly in six years as you have done! There is not a trace, not a tone; not a look of the little Vera of that past summer left." A smile breaks the proud, set gravity of her face — a smile of triumph. . "You preferred that other Vera?" she -says. He looks at her again, and the story his eyes tell is the story told since the world began— to be told till the world ends. "I liked that other -Vera," he answers; "I love this." She is lying back in the chair; now she sits suddenly erect The words give her an absolute shock. She believes Dora's fiction; she believes implicitly in that "someone" in Cuba; she has never dreamed herself other than a drag on his life, not easily got rid of, and now to hear this! "In all these years," he goes on, "the Image of that other Vera has never left me. I saw her always as I saw her last " He stops abruptly at a gesture from her. "As you saw me last," she repeats, slowly. "Yes; neither of us is likely ever to forget that." Some of the old pain, the old humilia tion of that day returns to her now across j the years. Again she is crouching In j the summer- house, her wedding dress j crushed amid the rank weeds and damp j grasses, listening to the strident voice j that denounces her as a bold creature, lost ' to all modesty or maidenly pride. A flush i passes over her face, a light comes into her angry eyes, her fluttering hands grow steady, her swift heart- beats cease. Some perverse spirit enters into her. If she I ever acknowledges to this man, forced to j marry her, that she loves him, then she j deserves all Mrs Charlton has said. I "I saw always the little Vera I had I left," he goes on; "my dear little, bright- I eyed child-bride— I came back and found I her a woman, more beautiful than I had I ever thought my little gipsy could be, I and from the first hour I knew her I lovea I her. That she had forgotten me, except I as one who stood between her and happl- I ness, I was told, and did not doubt. It I seemed natural enough. But I begin to 1 doubt all I have heard; some truth there I may be, but also many falsehoods. You I refused Sir Beltram Talbot— you could I not do otherwise, of course — but it is the I knowledge of that refusal that has sent I me here. Vera, I have little — your world 1 will tell you, nothing— to offer but my I love, deep, changeless, true, I give. Is I our marriage indeed to toe looked upon as I a misfortune? Can you never be my I wife in reality, as well as in name?" I He stops, catching his breath hard. It I is not when the heart is fullest the lips I are most eloquent. The proudly handsome I face before him does not soften one whit. I For the first time she doubts Richard I Ffrench's word. She is in a false posi- I tion— is it to save her from it he speaks I now? I "I know of old," she answers, "how I romantic and chivalrous is Colonel I Ffrench's sense of duty. It led him once I to marry a foolish, flighty schoolgirl, when I he would have done much better to have a rated her soundly for her folly in running I after him, and gone and left her. If I I had loved Sir Beltram Talbot, perhaps not I even the fact of that nonsensical mar- I riage would have been strong enough to I "prevent my telling him so, at least. I I am not a very perfect person— no one I knows that better than I. But my mar- I x'iage had nothing to do with my refusal— understand that. As to the sacrifice you propose to make, in accepting the wife thrust upon you six years ago, while | deeply grateful, I yet decline. My life I suits me very well. I am not a blighted being. I can dispense with lovers In the present and a husband in the future, ex- traordinary as it may seem. Your fiien I shall always be, Colonel Ffrench; your wife, other than I am now— never!" - Her pride Is strong within her; it rn I in her voice, it flashes in her eyes. Surely she has vindicated herself at last. For a moment he does not speak. that pause a great burst of music come from the ballroom, the first bar of grand triumphal march. He speaks nr "You mean this?" he slowly says. "I mean this," she answers, and meet his eyes full. I "Then there is no more to be s Pardon me for having said so »Ul , having taken you from your friends, w night and good-bye." „„,vhiv I An impulse is upon her, Ulor"f J I contradictory, and thoroughly womamy. to call him back, to claim him, keep > love him. Vera is a very I consistently .Inconsistent A flush sw over her face, to the very temP e®' u# "Oh, come back — do not go. i lips, but her lips refuse to , apeak. | stands so a moment, battling pride, and in that moment he goes. floor closes behind him; the sweep of the triumphal march speeds him. He Is gone without even the poor return of an answer to his good-night Pride has fought and won. A wise general has said that next to a great defeat victory is the most cruel of ail things. Perhaps Vera realises this pew. She sits where he has left her, feel ing faint and sick, her face hidden in her bands. The crashing tide of the music comes flown to her; the feet of the dancers echo overhead. She must go back to them, make one. of them, wear a smiling face to the end. She loves Richard Ffrench, and she lias sent hi'm away. In the last half- hour she has done what she will regret her whole life long. Meantime, the unbidden guest is gone. Once more he is in the outer darkness, in the night and the storm. The melan choly rain still drips, drips; the melan choly wind blows in long, sighing blasts; the black trees toss about like tali spec tres against the blacker sky, and a .figure sheltered beneath them — the lagging pedestrian of an hour before— watches him with sinister eyes until he is out of sight. CHAPTER XI.— A CRY IN THE NIGHT. Mrs Fanshawe's ball is what Mrs Fan- shawe has meant it to be— a brilliant success. Her own spirits never flag, she dances incessantly, the red of her cheeks redder, the light of her eyes brighter, as the hours wear on. Who shall say that this radiant little hostess, dancing like a Bacchante, wild with high spirits, flirting with the men about her with desperate recklessness and levity, is a neglected, slighted, supplant ed, unloved wife? At supper she drinks iced champagne as if parched with fever- thirst, until Vera's brows contract with wonder and alarm. She keeps near her sister through it all; something in Dora's wild excitement startles her; she dances scarcely once after her return to the ball room. "Where have you been?" Dora asks, hitting her a perfumed blow with her fan. "Why do you wear that owl-like face? This is no place for owlish faces. Yvhy do you not dance? Everybody has been asking for you. What is the mat ter with you to-night, my solemn Vera?" I-Ier elfish laugh rings out— she flits on. A gentleman passing smiles to the lady on bis arm. "A case of twinkle, twinkle, little star," he remarks. "What a radiantly happy woman our 'charming hostess must be!" The lady shrugs her shoulders, and puts on a scornful little chin. "She Is half crazy to-night, or — tipsy with her own champagne. Did you not see how she drank at supper? It was perfectly shocking. See her sister watch ing her. Beautiful girl, Miss Martinez — do you not think? — a perfect type of the hand-somestisort of brunette." The gentleman smiles slightly, knowing better than to accept this artful chal lenge; but the eyes that rest for a mo ment 011 Vera have in them a light that makes his fair friend bite her lip. "Some romance attaches to her it does not seem quite clear what — but some thing connected with Dick Ffrench. You remember Captain Dick, of course. I have heard, but that I do not believe, that she was privately married to him before he went away." "Fortunate Dick Ffrench." "Oh, it is a myth, of course — 'they say' being the only authority. It is added that she was very desperately in love with him, but that statement also is to be taken with a pinch of salt. She was little better than a child at the time— I recollect her well; a tall, slim girl, with a thin, dark face, big black eyes, and hardly a trace of the stately beauty we all admire now. Look at Mrs Fansliawe with Fred Howell! Really, Mr Fan- shawe should be here to keep his wife in order. No one advocates matrimonial freedom more than I do, but there is a line, and she oversteps it. Upon my word, she is quite too 'non-id." Such comments, from ladies principally run the round of the rooms. The gen tlemen, more indulgent, only glance at each other, and smile. All recall after wards, when the tragedy of this night rings through the country with a thrill, her brilliance, her flashes of wit, her reckless spirits, her incessant dancing, ber flushed cheeks, her streaming eyes, her flashing diamonds. Censorious tongues stop then appalled, fair censors falter — they recall her only as a bright little butterfly, looking hardly accountable for her acts, so fair, so frail, so almost unearthly. But just hew, before the curtain falls on that last act, and the intoxication of music, and Waltzing, and wine is at its height, they do not spare her. One or two words fall on Vera's ears, and her eyes flash out their indignation on the speakers. They are her guests, they break her bread and eat her salt, and'sit on judgment on her. But oh! what ails Dot? How rash she -s— she has never gone to such extremes before. It is more of Dane Fanshawe's Svork; he has goaded lier to madness, this is her reckless revenge. Perhaps it is well for Vera's peace of frind that no time is left for her to think of herself, of her own wayward folly. She ®as acted like a fool in one way— Dora is Acting like a fool in another; there is little to choose between them, that she admits i bitterly. She keeps as close to Dora as I be; she tries to restrain her unper- «ived ' she absolutely refuses to dance. | . "For pity's sake, Dot, do not go on so — every one is looking at you," she whispers, jtngrily, once> "You are insane, I think, ' Do not dance with Fred Howell Jin- He ought to be ashamed of him- r fp1C- - But Dora interrupts with one of her fre quent bursts of laughter. "Oh, Fred, listen here!" she calls; "here is richness. Look at Vera's owlish face; listen to her words of wisdom. 'Do not dance with Fred Howell again. He ought to be ashamed of himself.' Are you ashamed, Fred? You ought to be, if my sober sister says so— she is never wrong." Mr Howell stoops and whispers his an swer. He glances at Vera with a mali cious smile, he owes her a grudge for more than one cut direct, and he cordially hates supercilious Dane Fanshawe. He is pay ing a double debt to-night, in compromis ing his hates. Vera draws back, indig nant and disgusted, and sees them go, Dora clinging to his arm, Fred Howell's tall, dark head bent ov. r lier blonde one — the most pronounced flirtation possible. But it ends at last. Mrs Fanshawe, foolish though she be in many things, is wise enough never to let daylight surprise her well-bred orgies, and stare in on hag gard faces and leaden eyes. A little after three the guests begin to depart, at half- past the roil of carriages is continual, at four all but the guests are gone. And when, the last good-night is said, Dora Fanshawe drops into a chair, and lifts a face to her sister, a face so drawn, so worn, so miserable, that all her sins and follies are forgotten. As by the touch of a magic wand, every trace of youth and prettiness departs in a second. I am tired to death!" she says. "I am tired to death!" She draws a long, hard breath, and flings up her arms over her head. " I am tired to death— tired— tired- tired!" There is weariness unspeakable in the gesture, heart-sickness so utter, so desper ate, that Vera's anger melts like snow. She has meant to scold Dora for her mad ness, but all words of reproach die away in a passion of pity and love. My poor little dear!" she says. As a mother might, she gathers the flower- decked, jewel-crowned head to her breast. "Oh, my Dot, you have not been yourself to-night. I have been Lightened for you. I am so glad it is all over, and that you can rest. No wonder you are- tired — you have danced every dance. Let me take you to your room, and help you to bed." Without a word Dora rises, and trails her rich ball-robe slowly and wearily up the stairs to her own room. Here she sinks in a powerless sort of way again in to the first chair. "I am dead tired," she repeats, mech anically. "If I only could sleep and not wake for the next forty-eight hours, I might be rested by the end of that time. Nothing less will do." She lifts her heavy and dim eyes, and they fall on. the dreary picture of the "Foolish Virgins." There they remain in sombre silence for a long time. Vera sends away Felicia, and disrobes Dora herself with swift, deft fingers— with soft, soothing touches. "Do you know," Dora says, at length, "that through it all— the crash of the band, and the whirl of the waltz, and the talk of those men— the face of that woman there has haunted me like a ghost? I can understand now how men take to drink to drown memory or re morse. All these long hours it has been beside me. Sometimes when I looked in Fred Howell's face— faugh! faugh! what a fool he is! — it was the deadly- white face of that crouching woman I saw. And the words went with the vision — 'Too late, too late! ye cannot en ter now!' They have been ringing in my ears like a death-knell." "You are morbid, your nerves are ail unstrung," is Vera's answer. "I wish I had not sung it. It is a weird picture- gloomy enough to haunt anyone. Do not look at it any more. Shut your poor, tired eyes while I brush out your hair. It will quiet you." But the sombre blue eyes never leave the picture, and when she speaks again, her question startles her sister so that she nearly drops the brush. "Vera," she .says, "-are you afraid to die?" "Dot !" "Afraid of the awful loneliness, the awful darkness, the awful Unknown. Vera, Vera! I am afraid to grow old but I hope — 1 i10pe— 1 hope I may be seventy, eighty, ninety, before I die. I am afraid of death — horribly afraid. If one could come back from the dead and tell us what it is like— where alL this that aches so in life, heart, soul, conscience,. what ever you call it, goes after that ghastly change. But they never do, and we go on blindly, and then all at once the world slips from under us, and we are — where? Or is it the end, and are we biankness and nothingness, as before- we vere born? That would be best. I do not think I would fear that much!" t (To be continued.) 