LITERARY NOTES. . Messes. Smith, Ei.der, And Compant are about to public, a new novel, by Katharine Tynan(Mrs. Hinkson) entitled, "The dear Irish girl." This is Mrs. Hinkson's third novel in order of pnbli cation. • She has published several Volumes of short stories, and has recently made a new departure with "The Handsome Brandons," a book for girls, published by Messrs. Blackie. This iB a field she is de sirous to'work, and it may be of her "Dear Irish Girl," as of her other novels, says " The Athenseutn," that they are virginibus puerisque, simple, love stories, not at all connected with the problems of life or the darker sides of human nature. "The Key-shield of the Mass" is one of the most remarkable books that have for many years been pub lished in the Irish language. "The Key-shield of the Mass " contains a great amount of information about theological matters. If ever there existed a man who was a living theological dictionary, it was the Rev. Geoffrey Keating, and if there ever lived a man who was a true Irishman, was a good Catholic, and a devout church man, it was he. Keating's vast knowledge of the Scriptures, and of' the writings of the early Fathers of the Church, is ap parent, not only in the very remarkable book under notice, but also in the " Three Shafts of Death." " The Key-shield of the Mass" shows the profound research and knowledge of its author in a clear light. # # # From the new " Annuaire " or Calendar of the University of Louvain just issued, we gather that the academic world of Belgium is following the lead of the rail ways in introducing the twenty-four hour system of time reckoning. Hence the time-tables have a somewhat unfamiliar aspect, as when they record that the pro fessor of ecclesiastical history will conduct his critical exercises at 20 o'clock on Mon days and 16 o'clock on Fridays, or that lectures in English are given every Mon day and Tuesday at 17 o'clock. The system —old enough in Italy, by the way—has the advantage of doing away with all possible confusion of morning and afternoon, as well as with the cumbrous usage of " a.m." and "p.m." Mr. Michael McDonagh, the author of " Irish Life and Character," has (says " Lite rature ") been busy for some time collecting materials for a life of Daniel O'Connell, to the want of which in adequate form atten tion is called in the current number of "The Cornhill." In writing his story of Bishop Doyle, contributed to the New Irish Library, he came upon a mass of information throwing fresh light upon O'Connell's career as an agitator, and is in communication with his relatives, friends, and representatives, with a view to obtain ing unpublished letters and other documents bearing on his subject. "The remarkable parliamentary career of O'Con nell from 1829 to 1847 (says the writer), during which the great demagogue was one of the commanding and interesting personalities of the House of Commons, which has never been adequately treated, will be fully dealt with in Mr. McDonagh's work." # # * Mrs. Patrick Campbell has purchased from Mrs. T. P. O'Connor, the wife of the editor of London " M. A.P.," a play that the lady completed a few months ago. The plot deals with the stormy life oE the late Irish leader, Charles Parnell, but the names of the characters in the story are not the same as were borne by the men and women whose actions in life are fol lowed by Mrs. O'Connor's work. The " Era" says that a strong dramatic ending is se cured to the play by the sudden death of the great leader on the terrace of the House of Commons. Mrs. O'Connor was anxious that the play should be produced in Dublin, and it is likely that Mrs. Patrick Campbell, when she visits the Irish capital in March, will do this. # # # The retreat or refage for artists of every category at Liguge, in the Western De partment of the Tienne, is now being built under the guidance of M. Huysmans, the novelist, and former disciple of Zola in literature. The idea was first suggested to M, Huysmans by a priest of St. Sulpice. The novelist and his friends will live close to the great Benedictine Abbey of Liguge, and will be inspired by its traditions and by those of the Order of St. Benedict, in general, in their endeavors to reform Chris tian Ait. ; Ligugo is situated in a most pleasant country. The old Abbey was founded by St. Martin of Tours, but was destroyed in the eighth century by, the Arab invaders. Another building and church were subsequently destroyed by the English, but Liguge Monastery was again restored, and became the property of the Jesuits until the Revolution. In 1853 tlie Bishop of Poitiers, aided by the family of Colonel du Paty de Clam, who has been heard so much of in the Dreyfus case, made the famous Abbey what it is at the present day—a splendid centre of the his toric Order of. St. Benedict. It is easy to see that the authors of the "Roi de Ropie,"a play produced at the New Theatre, wanted to profit by the rather wild talk heard just now, about "coups d'etat," and the Intentions of Prince Victor Napoleon, the Due d'Orleans, and their adherents. The King of Some in the new play is Napoleon the Second, Duke of Beich stadt, son of the great Napoleon and of Maria Louisa of Austria. This consump tive young man is represented.as a dissi pated person, according to an old story which says that his grandfather, the Emperor Francis of Austria, purposely employed the -Duke of Salerno to corrupt him, and thus to undermine his health, so that the French should not have him as the successor of his father. The French dranfatists pho,have used the story make the young duke the slave of a woman, Olga de Meik,.who dissuades him from listening to the brilliant adventurers who are ready to join him in an attempt to restore the French Empire. The authors of the pro duction, although thus using what is comparatively ancient history, were thoroughly up-to-date in allusions. Bou langer, and now the Duo d'Orleans and Prince Victor Napoleon come into the category of those possible leaders of men who fall under the sway of female influence —but "that is another story." Anyhow, the transparent allusions to very modern history in the "Boi de Borne" caused uproar in the New Theatre, and Boulangists, Orleanists, Imperialists, and Bepublicans, male and female, who attended the play, gave free and violent vent to their political sympathies, so far as to drown the voices of the actors and actresses, who were excel lent. * * • Dom Guthbert Butler, O.S.B., opens the new " Dublin " with an apercu of the chro nological part of Professor Harnaek's " History of Early Christian Literature up to Eusebius," a monumental labor of learning, scholarship, and, on the whole, of sanity of judgment; which, unquestionably signalizes a turning point of first import ance in the critical investigation of primitive Christian antiquity. As a pains taking study and minute analysis of documents, it stands apart from the excited and unskilled propounding of theories which has characterised too much of the Biblical " criticism " of the last fifty years. The equipment of Dr. Harnack for this synthesis, his untiring energy, and fearless acceptance of what he conceives to be proved; nay, the fact that he does not believe in the authority of the Church and her Providential guidance by the Holy Ghost, make him at once both an an tagonist and a witness worthy the most thoughtful Catholic scholarship. 