UNffi FMMEEL. (BY LAWRENCE L. LYKCH.) (Author of *'Shadowed by Three,' 'No Proof,' etc) ..- CHAPTER ni— (Continued.) A little later the praises are intermingled with lamentations, but just at the first Loyd Hilton's victory has obscured Chetwynde's defeat, and vet Chetwynde has ridden gallantly; even the beaten professionals admit this; as for Hilton, they marvel at the easy, masterful, seemingly effortless manner of his victory. If Chetwyhde is annoyed at his failure there is no sign of it upon his face when he ap proaches his sister and her chaperone, bringing j with him Terence Glynne, whom he presents in due form, and he is the first to speak of his failure. . ' ? . . ? 'Terry here,' he laughed, 'is trying to put the fault upon my wheel.. He has always de clared Hiltou's wheel the smoothest and strongest runner.' 'I do assuredly!' declares Terry Glynne, 'and I would like to see it proved by an, ex change of wheels.' But Felix shakes his head. 'We can't all run,' he says, 'and I may prove stronffp.r at 6onie other game.' , There is a queer smile about his mouth as ae utters the words, and the' look in his eyes is veiled by their thick lashes. 'Are you going to present the champion to us, Ptiix?' asks Aunt Cass, in a tone which is plainly an accusation of neglected duty. 'He declines to come,' replied Felix, smiling a little, and glancing askance at Hope. 'In I the character of a conqueror, that is— Loyd's a j modest fellow.' Again he locks at his sister, i but she has entered into an animated convex*- j sutioa with Terry Glynne, and seems oblivious 1 to his speech. And now the two defeated professionals, who fcrni a part of a troupe of artists of the wheel, give an exhibition of fancy riding, consisting of graceful evolutions, backward pedalling, posturing/ etc. During this, Felix nods to his aunt, the ethers do not observe him, and wan ders away, to come back presently, and take a seat just vacated beside Aunt Cass. ?'It appears we are to have an extra per formance,' he informs her. taking off his liat and fanning himself lazily. 'The star of tie troupe, a lad of tender years, and tough morals doubtless, is to show us some trick rid ing.' . . , ?And pray,' snaps Aunt Cass, 'what have we been just witnessing ?' 'Fancy riding, my dear aunt. There is a distinction— among the professional gentry.' ?A distinction without a difference, I sup pose?' 'That you will soon see. I believe the young fellow who is about to. display his 'skill, dex terity, and daring,' according to the big bills over at the club house, is called— let us see ? ' He jerks from his pocket a crumpled 'dodger' announcing the events of ? the afternoon, and cunsults it with evident desire to instruct. 'His mine is— Juan— ah!' He starts, and the pa per quivers in his fingers — 'is Juan — al— Alva- rege; Spanish, he calls himself, or Cuban; ought to be at home avenging ibe wrongs of his country.' Aunt Cass disdains to smile at his pleasantry. It is curious how pei'Sistently he seeks to pro* pitiate her, and how she, just as persistently, snubs his amiable efforts. And now the crowd in and about the stand settles into attitudes of eager expectancy; all the- seats fill; riders prop their wheels here and there, as they can, and a place is cleared just in front of the grandstand. The band blares, there is a murmur and a clapping of hands, and into the vacant space rides Senor Juan Al vai-ege. The murmur becomes a shoy t ae the graceful youth rides past, salutes, and circles before iheui, for he is mounted, hot upon the fine, sil ver-decked wheel captured by 3iim. so the post ers say, at the great Washington Tournament, not long since, but upon a high, old-fashioned 'ordinary,' which looks most extraordinary there, among the modern safeties, in all their gLuering newness. But if the steed is awkward to the eye the rider is not. Dressed, not in the reguiatiou bicycle 'flannels, but in tights and trunks, he is a jaunty figure, gleaming with mock jewels, and showing his shapely but boyishly slender arms, a taeselled skull cap far back upon his short black curls. He is picturesquely hand some. 'How handsome! How graceful! Why, he's a mere boy!' exclaim the ladies, while the men criticise his muscle and question his en durance; but liot for long. 'How womanishly he is dressed!' says Hope, after a long survey of the handsome lad. 'And — he's quite too good-looking for one of the masculine persuasion.' 'Nonsense!' replies her brother fretfully, 'the world's full of handsome boys.' Hope turns to look at him, surprised at the petulance in his tone; and she sees him looking at the young rider with a strange mingling of doubt, anxiety, and something, which is al most fear, in his gaze. And then, suddenly, the big wheel begins to do strange things, while its rider sits serene, stands, kneels, plays the guitar, sways to and fro, and manages the ugly wheel as an expert Arab would control anu ride 'his Barbary steed. Now -he rides standing erect upon the pedals, now poises up on the air, seemingly, balancing himself with equal care, upon hub or run, and ending by taking the awkward machine literally to pieces, and holding aloft handle-bar, saddle, frame, pedals, and small rear wheel, and standing erect upon the big, naked 'ordinary' wheel, which was a bicycle no longer. And now he springs down from hie pereh, tosses away his playthings, and stands bowing and smiling while the silver-trimmed safety is brought to him. Then there is more graceful and difficult wheeling, new evolutions that amaze, delight, and thrill; and at last some thing new is brought to him, and there is a mo mentary pause. It is at this moment that Felix Chetwynde rises, 'to give his $e&t; to a. lady who' has ap proached through the crowd to address Aunt Cass; and he takes his standTjehind his sister's chair, bending down to speak in her ear and resting an elbow familiarly upon the chair back. Hope sits at the extreme end of the row, at the right, and her brother's position is now a most conspicuous one, standing, as he does, on the very edge of the platform and' above the crowd, with her white lace parasol twirling over his shoulders. 'What is that?' asks Hope. 'A giraffe. It's an ugly feat and'a danger ous one.' 'Why it— it isn't a bicycle— that tall thing?' 'That's what it is. m*!' Juan has stepped from his wheel to the tres tle-like framework of the giraffe, held beside him byShis assistant, and he mounts it cat-like, seats himself in the saddle, and is wheeling across the exhibition space, sitting fifteen feet in air. Then, rising upon the lofty pedals, he stands erect ajid smiling, -while a silken flag is tossed to him; and, shaking its ... folds to the breeze, it waves it. aboye his head. It is a simple act. :Me has done things far more 4*® eult,;but theuslgbj: of the stass and stripes adds the iaejt lexhilarating ; touch :- to the holiday spirit, and a?lQud hurrah bursts £;on» hundreds of throats i in «alute to the flag and its bearer, whb.'wa^e^ ;it again and again with renewed vigor.-iand then,: -as the shouts ~ die away, 4 single .Toic^etear, ijcsl}, ringing:, is beard alone in a delated ^rava.' It is the^oice of Felix Chetwynde .who stands erect, .«ne hand upon Hope's shoulder, the ipther W*i4g Qloft ifce enowy pamsoj; and as It'isptnids across fbe course, -vibrant and: alone, the Nearer of the flag starts, turns sua deialy;'etaitesi for an. insf^nt^ae face startled, aroused, mi-StmiiS^-^Ottters, dutches wildly at the air, and flag, glrai?^ and rider all eome crashing down; an4- as they fall, a shriek rings ont,Beeinlng4oebmefi»mthe-very spot where the youth now lies, white and senseless, with, the usual erowd gathered about Mm. ;;. ?' - - ; . 'If you don't care too much to Bee the last race, ITee,' says Hope Chetwynde, when the still senseless trick rider has been borne away, and the gaping, curious crowd has scattered, 'I would like to go home. I have seen enough, and more than enough; as that boy fell his fcyes seemed fixed upon us; did you notice it? And they seemed to burn into my face! Of counse,' she adds loftily, 'if you can't tear yourself away——' 'But I can,' declares Felix, with unusual readiness; 'I've had enough myself. Come, let us go out by the path across the turf.' He is actually pale, as he catches up Hope's sun shade, and proffers his arm to Aunt Cass, who looks at him questioningly, and says, with a sniff— 'I guess- you needn't burden yourself 'with me! You look as if you had taken a tumble ?yourself. I never supposed you had such a soft and sympathetic soul. One of your own sex, too!' Hope, as she rises, looks up into his face. 'I declare, Fee,' she saya, 'you are pale! Would you like to ask after the young man be fore we leave the ground?' But he shakes his- head. , 'There'll be quite too many inquirers,' he says; 'I'll inquire — later.' As they pass out two reporters standing close by are comparing notes. 'It's a critical case,' says one, as he flutters the leaves of his iiote-book, 'and It's a singular one to me. I've seen young Alvarege do that feat over and Over again, and why he should lose his balance at the very start is a thing that I can't understand.' 'I can, then!' declares the other. 'Possibly you did not see his face at the moment. He was shocked into losing his balance; some thing, or someone, in the audience, caused that sudden collapse^-that's clear enough— to me! But what I don't understand is this. They have shut out even the men who carried him, and won't let a masculine soul enter. He was taken in charge by an old woman, another came to her assistance, and they have sent al ready for a woman nurse. How does that strike you?' 'Humph!' grunts the other. 'Don't put that as a question; I'm not in an infant class!' 'What does he mean?' whispers Hope to her brother. But Felix has suddenly turned crabbed. 'Don't ask me to guess-theirconundrums!' he says fretfully, and his face is still pale and his manner nervous as he hurries them away. 'A plague upon such ill-fortune,' he is say ing mentally, as he hands the ladies to their carriage and seats himself beside them. 'Thau the old, almost forgotten folly should rise up to confront me now! But HI evade it yet There was only a momentary glance, and— gad! Ill join the Hiltons and Terry in their little trip! It will bring me close to her, and the moun tains are poor climbing for bicycle — fiends.' CHAPTER IV.— A RETROSPECT— ENTER AUNT CASSANDRA. 'Truly, a charming trio. A triangular al liance, well met after many days. And did you fall upon each other's necks and weep?' 'We were not school girls, you know, Sis. Nor yet in France.' 'Felix! How dare you!' 'But, Sis, you interrupt a fellow so hopeless -ly.' 'It's the first time during this- conversation, Sis, and you have talked of Messrs. the great, only, and illustrious Hilton and Glynne for at least half an hour.' The young man sitting astride the piazza railing laughed carelessly, ar^ threw the stump of an exhausted cigar far out into the rose thicket upon the lawn opposite him, let j ting his eyes rest for a moment upon the clus tering and spicy late roses; and then, looking beyond, across the broad and sloping stretch ot greensward, to the curving white road circling downward around the hillside, and past it, to ! where--with just a broad band of green be tween its blue and the white gravel of the highway — the take lay sleeping, and with scarce a rinnle. 'You've found a charming nook, maiden. Have you . neighbors just as charming?' 'That you must find out for yourself. The big, showy mansion over the hill to the north of us is occupied by an opulent brewer's fami ly, and Madam Opulence, so saith her hand maid to mine, thinks it my duty to call upon her at once, owing, a little, to my youth, and a little more to her age and position, therefore superior, both of them.' 'Holy saints! And the villa nestling over there, around that curve of blue water?' 'Is— for some reason, untenanted.' 'That place, why it looks— fa-oin— here— ideal!' 'It is. I have visited it. It' is almost pret tier than this,, and it has one charm that this place has not' ? 'And that?' 'It's haunted.' o'Bosh!' 'Don't say that to the fishermen and their wives across the lake,' the girl said, yawning prettily belilnd a concealing hand, 'The peo ple about here have faith in their ghost, I do assure you; and they manifest it by keeping as far away from Redlands as they can. The place is as lovely as it is charming.' The young man looked across the half-moon of sunlit water opposite that which indented the wooded shore, using his curved right hand as if ^t were a slass. 'I believe it's the very thing!' he murmured. ?'How far is it from this haven of rest, sister mine?' 'One mile by water,, two by land; and for what is it the 'very thing,' Fee? Do you pur pose setting up your lodge in tuis wilderness?' Felix Chetwynde turned his back to the lake, a»d swung a long linib over the piazza -rail as he faced his sister. 'I'm thinking of the Hiltons— of Mns. Hilton, cf :Loyd, of Course; and, most of all, of ? ' 'Lama. Say it. Fee. And you need not get red up to your eyes at the mere thought of a pretty girl, need you? It's not like you, old boy. Do you mean that the Hiltons want a house for the summer or what is left of it?' r- Fjelix nodded. 'They do,' he Mid briskly; 'and I shall write to Loyd to-day to tell him all about the villa. About Redlands! By the way, who gave it that name?' 'Its»builcler and owner, I am told.' Hope's tone had grown all at once lazily, almost cold ly, indifferent 'Don't omit the ghost, Fee.' 'I won't' He has separated himself from the piazza-rail and pillar now, and is moving toward the open door as be speaks. 'The place will suit Lorna to the very last hill and dale, brook and hollow; and between the good fish ing and the — other attractions — -*?' glancing at Ms sister. 'Felix Chetwynde!' The girl has suddenly lifted herself from the cushioned hammock, and her head poises itself proudly. 'Well?' He tump, suppressing a smile. 'Don't you dare to mention, my name— in any way!' and she goes swiftly within. ? -To be continued.) 