fHE — *^ I lyftyWyyH 4f8i|yi4vB . CHAPTER XVIII. MARLEY SEES A GHOST. It wus tho (evening of a cool Oc .?r day. The sun had gone down itlie wind was blowing up fresh ! crisply from the distant raoun j-,*, laden with tho spicy odours of jj pines which clothed their sides. ^ ; peculiar haze of autumn-time IS ;g like a smoky veil over a land J pc broken hero and there by the « .nitous roads winch wound nlio i tv ribbons over its undulating 1 face. Mr. 'Woppiug was riding ; .'ju-ly along in his open carriage i lying tho cool and bracing \- ami the easy motion of his slow ; ng vehicle. Absorbed in the -i .temptation of tho scenery about i ]- although it was tho same * jiiar landscape he had known man}' years — and engrossed in ?i : pleasurable emotions it called to : mind, the counsellor had gradu jj t allowed the reins b)' which he f. 'fcl his faithful beast to .slacken i \n- hands, 'and they now hung j: r t!ie dashboard, swinging ' tely to and fro. Dobbin hiin :1 ; paused now and then in i1 easy-going pace to snatch a , ;of the wild grasses which still ? wished luxuriantly on either side i. the way. Mr. Wopping was go ': ; in the direction of Rokewood. i] - was wanting to see Captain i urlle just now, and the Captain 'j is only to be found at Rokewood. :.lr some reason only known to i;-clf the detective had suddenly ?rmincd to exchange tho some it irksome boundary of his sky lour in the old brick lodging ;-e for the more elegaut and ajmodious apartments which had :3 n fitted up for his use in the ?-v omy house at Rokewood. To A . Wivorly and Mr. Wopping this ,v iiige had been very sudden and ?i ;y unexpected. ?J Captain T. evidently had his '\ i-ons, but he was Very reticent, |*1 declined to explain them. rlllr. 'Wopping had ridden slowly sing until, turning a bend in the '?ml, the chimneys of Rokewood ap jjsred in tho distance. lint- twingiiD was now settling 3vn on the lovely vallej', and he ilhered up his lines, chirruping to i horse, to urge him into a faster it. Rokewood Chapel was distant ai the manor house something s than half a mile, and now lay :ween tho counsellor and Roko ?A. The winding road wound m to the estate in such a manner it Mr. 'VVopping's slow-going car ;e had now approached almost »iite to the chapel, in whose lit* rested the bones of all the i'Jand- gotie Rokewoods for gene ions back. He was musing on the mutability human life as he glanced at the :k and sombre vaults which held an now, when he was startled by piercing cry, which seemed to :ceed from tho chapel itself. An ?tant later, and Marley came Jig down the stone steps that ito the road. Evidently the poor old servant s wild with terror. Instead of vanci'ng in a direct line to where i attorney's carriage had come to ?widen halt in the road, he ran iiifl and round, describing a cor :t circle on the thick sward. Mr. Wopping sprang from the ≤ and rushed to his assistance. 'What under heaven is the mat ? F he asked, hurriedly. 'What -you, Marley 1' ''A ghost! a ghost!' screamed i old man, still circling wildly Mt the little plat of green sward. 1 ghost ! Oh, I'm haunted ! I 'ays feared it. I always said it. ?i now it's come. What shall I 'Hush !' said Mr. Wopping, raly, taking the frightened crea c- firmly by the shoulder. ' Con trol yourself, Marley. And old man liko you ought to know better than to give way to childish fear and superstition, Be quiet, and tell me what you have scon.' Marley's teeth chattered, and his face was white with terror. He sank down upon tho ground, and, clasping his knees with his shaking arms, rocked his body too and fro. ' For twenty years,' he cried, paying no attention to the attorney, and apparently unheeding his pre sence, ' for twenty years I have kept my master's secret. But, oh ! I knew it was wrong, all wrong ; and now I'm getting paid for it. That awful face, that awful voice ! Can I ever forget them?' Mr. Wopping took 3\farley for cibly in his arms, and dragged the terror-stricken old creature to the carriage. ' Now, then, Marley,' said Wop ping, sternly, ' climb into this vehicle, and, as wo ride along, give mo an explanation of your words and conduct. You have said both too mnch and too little for me to allow you to stop now.' Marley glanced fearfully oi;er his shoulder at the glocfiny chapel. ' I saw her as plainly as I see you now, Mr. 'Wopping,' cried Marley, hysterically. 'Oh! that wan face those sunken eyes : that awful voice ! She's haunting me for what I've done, and she always will !' Wopping. shoved the old servant unceremoniously into the carriage. ' Who's haunted you?' ' Miss Catherine.' ' Pah !' ejaculated Wopping, picking up the lines and moving oh. ' Twice now I've seen her,' per sisted Marley, in spite of tho evident discredit attached to his words by the lawer. 'The first time was the night my poor master died at Rokewood, and the second time was to-day in the chapel vaults.' ' You are crazy ! ' said wopping. ' No, I ain't,' wopt Marley ; 'but I soon will be if I'm to be haunted in this way.' ' The dead do not return,' said Wopping with some severity, 'and wo believe Catherine to have been dead these long years. If she were living, we must long since have found her or some trace of her. Rest easy, Marlej ; you have seen no ghost. It is but tho effect of an idle imagination running riot.' ' I suppose so, sir,' said Marley, humbly ; ' but I hope to die if I didn't see Miss Catherine's face in the Rokewood vaults this evening. I did, indeed !' ' Still you persist in harping on that one string, Marley. Don't you know that nobody of sense believes in such things as ghosts nowadays 1' ' Yes, sir ; but I ain't one of the smart ones. The -fine-spun theories of the smart ones ain't for the use of people like me, sir.' 'So it seems,' said Wopping, dryly, touching his whip to the horse. 'Now, then, Marley,' ho con tinued, as they rode along, ' I want you to tell me what you meant by saying you had kept your master's secret for twenty years. If that secret concerned your wretched young mistress in any way the time has come now when it must and shall bo divulged.' ' The servant crouched down closer into the corner of the carriage seat. Ho trembled violently, and cast a in the direction of the now distant chapel. ' On my bended knees I took an oath on tho old Bible that I would keep that secret for over,' whis pered the servant, crouching still closer in his seat, ' and I have kept it.' ' See here !' AVopping laid Iiis hand firmly on the trembling crea ture at his side. - ' If that secret is what I more than suspect it to be — a knowledge of Catherine Roke wood's innocence of the .murder of her husband, there is no punish ment which could bo visited upon you that would ever atone for tho immeasurable wrong you have done her. Marley, you must tell me what you know about that matter, or I will causo proceedings to bo brought against you that will force you to do so.' CHAPTER XIX. HKTKOSPECT1VE. Like most people of his ' class Marloy entertained a wholesome fear of the law. Perhaps if he bad enjoyed a closer acquaintance with the various ramifications of that vast and peculiar institution, whose mo cnanism iounu an aoie ana respect able expounder in the person of Mr. Wopping, his fears might have abated and have receded in exact ratio with the progression of the acqaintanco. For, as with other things to which the axiom is applied, and than which nothing is truer, it may be said even of the law that familiarity breeds contempt and a close acquaintance with it ends in district. Mr. Wopping's threat was not lost upon tho timid old creature at his side, though he still struggled, evidently with conscientious scru ples, against breaking the vow given to his dead master. ' I said, solemn and true, that I never would tell until I had his permission,' mumbled Marie}', as he huddled down in the carriage. ' You must,' returned wopping, sternly.. ' What good could it do now, after all these years are gone ? ' cried Marley, petulantly. ' I shall give you no reasons. I simply advise you to make a clean breast of the matter at once. I wish to heaven I had suspected your secret at the time of the trial. iou wouia not tnen. nave Kept it hidden as you have done.' ' I sworo on my knees never to tell it,' wept the servant, wringing his hands. ' The law can make you speak.' said Wopping, coldly. 'Perh;-;--i if you were to try the confinement of a prison cell for a while it might show you the enormity of your offence.' ' Not the law, not a prison ! ' ' You know the alternative.' ' I always told him it was wrong,' cried the servant, falling in a heap inf the bottom of the carriage, and clasping Wopping frantically around the legs. ' I always told him so ; and I never wanted to do it ; never. But I had seen it all ; and Mr. Rokewood' discovered me -that awful day of the murder under the buffet whore I bad hidden when tho quarrel begun, and he made me swear not to speak of it until he gave mo permission.' 'Begin at the beginning, Marley,' ordered Wopping. ' I am,' cried the distracted old man, ' I am. It was the day that young Master Jerome came home with his bride. They had first gone to Major . Deane's, and Miss Catherine's face was red with weep ing when she walked into the dining-room at Rokewood. Dinner was over, and old master was sitting over the walnuts, when in ?walks his son and Catherine. We were not expecting Jerome just then, and old master was much surprised to see him coming in with a lady on his arm. ' ' Marley,' says old master, turn ing to me — I had been busy clean ing his pistols, and was just done — ' Marley, bring seats for my son and this lady, and then see about some refreshments.' You see, he had never seen Miss Deane, and did not know her, and at that time her veil was down, and he had not yet seen the strange lady's face. ' At that instant Jeromo stopped nearer his father, and taking the lady's hand, says : '' Father, this is my wife; wo were married a week ago at New port.' ' ' Your wife V says his father. ' ' Yes, my wife, Major Deane's daughter.' ' Rokewood staggered as if ho had been struck. ' ' Not Major Deane of Tho Willows?' says he, getting white as a dead man, and a peculiar light a-nashing up into his eyes ; ' surely not the daughter of that Major Deane V ' ' Yes, father,' says Jerome, firmly, removing tho veil that covered his wife's face ; ' yes father ; ! this is Catherine, tho daughter of that Major Deane, and my wife.' ' Her eyes were all red and j swollen with weeping, and her lips , quivered now, as she held out her j hand to Rokewood. , ! ' ' And she has been cursed by her father, and disinherited for marrying me,' says Jerome, ' and wo now come to you.' ' Old master never so much as noticed the hand the poor thing was reaching to him. Tho curiou sest smile began to curl around the corners of his mouth, and it seemed as if a thousand dovils lurked in the glances that shot from bin eyes. 'I was afraid — I cou'd not tell why. Ho had forgotten to tell mo to leave tho room, and I was too well-trained to go without first hav ing an order to do so. Tho pistols I had bfinn to work on now lav lnnrlorl and shining on the sideboard where I had put them when he ordered mo to bring seats for his son and tho lady. Master's eyes seemed to turn to them with a look that fairly froze the blood in my veins. ' ' Father,' says Jerome, ' you will forgive mo for my sudden marriage — will you not? I was. so certain of your love and your kindness that I ove.rruled Catherine's objec tions, and insisted on having tho ceremony gone through with at once. It is a regular and valid marriage, and Steff and Werner [two of his English friends] went to church with us as witnesses. I have brought you a daughter, father, a new mistress for Rokewood. Are you not glad - 'Catherine grew paler anil paler as she looked into the terrible face of Mr. Rokowood. She turned suddenly, and threw herself into her husband's arms. ' Let me go, Jeromo !' cried she. ' I cannot bear it. What have I done that your father should murder me with such terrible looks ?' ' ' What have you done V says Rokewood, speaking to her for the first time. ' What have you done? Adventuress ! thief !' pointing his finger at her. ' You have stolen my son ! fit spawn of a detested and detestable race ! you have come like a thief in the night into the sanc tuary of a home whoso very air your presence pollutes !' ' ' Father ! father !' cries Jerome, ' remember you are talking to my wife ! — a Rokowood of Rokewood now !' ' ' Never,' says his father, ' never ! Vile reptile that, she is, Rokewood shall never accept her as its mis tress. The divorce courts will soon freo you from this mesalliance, Jerome.' ' Catherine shrieked. ' ' Have I angered my father and estranged my friends for this ?' screamed she, rushing wildly to wards tho door. ' Is it to suffer tho shame and disgrace of a divorce court that I have sacrificed my home and my people ? I will not suffer it. I have not deserved the ignominy you put upon me.' ' I had dropped down in tho corner near the buffet, and she did not notice me. The pistols caught her attention. Rokowood advanced down the apartment as his wretched daughter-in-law sought to make her escape from it. ' ' A serpent ! A she devil !' ho hissed, still pointing his shaking finger at her. ' The daughter of a race of scoundrels ! Do you sup pose for a moment that you will be allowed to enter the gates of Roke wood as its honoured mistress? Never. Go, and go alone. Jeromo will soon forget you, once freed from tho hateful tie that binds him to you now.' ' Father, you are mistaken,' cried Jerome, taking hold of Cathe rine's hand ; 'iu sickness or health, for richer or poorer, for better or worse, Catherine is mine, and I defy you to separate us.' ' Oldraaster had stopped near the buffett, with his hand resting on it, pretty close to the pistols. He took one in his fingers, sort o£ slowly like, but retaining [it in his grasp, putting his hand behind his back. * ' Jerome's unexpected defianco : seemed to turn him cold all over ; ho shook, and leaned against tho ; bullet. By this time I crawled pretty well undey'il.. I didn't liko the way old master was a doing with the pistol ho was hiding be hind him, and I didn't like tho way Miss Catherine had of glancing to wards the one that still lay tllero in plain sight on tho buffet. I didn't know what to do. They all looked as if they meant murder, and I wished in the bottom of my heart that tho pistols had been upstairs in their holsters in master's bed chamber. ' ' He leaves me — his father, groaned Rokewood, as Jeromo ceased speaking, ' who has cherished him all his life. He leaves me for a good-for- nothing, shameless crea- : ture whom he had not heard of a month ago. Jerome, you are mad.' ' Catherine turned suddenly, and darted to the buffet. She seized the pistol, and whirled about, facing her husband, with her back to old master. I was so close to Mr. Rokewood that I could see his fingers tromblo as they clutched tho weapon. ' ' Jerome,' says Miss Catherine, ' farewell. I will not be the causo of your alienation from your father.' ' As sho was sp-aking Mr. Roke wood had raised his pistol and taken deliberate aim at her, but she was: unconscious of his act, for her back was towards him. ' ' What would you do, Cathe rine V cries Jerome, rushing to his ? wife's side. ' Put down that pistol.1 j ' Sho was pointing it squarely afc her own breast, when Jerome snatched it from her. Simul- - taneously there was a report, and young Rokewood fell dead at her feet. As his son dropped to tho floor. Rokewood threw down his smoking pistol, and it landed S3 close to me that I could have touched it. ' ' Good God,' says Rokewood, ' what have I done V ' Catherine screamed and fainted as her husband fell. His blood spattered her hands, and ran down in a po&l; on the carpet. ' Not knowing what mischief might bo done with the weapons I reached out and picked them up. It was then I saw that the pistol Catherine had held was not. dis charged at all. Rokewood, in his insane fury, had accidentally killed his own child. ' As Jerome fell, pierced by his ' father's shot, Rokewood saw me hiding beneath tho buffet. Cathe rine had fainted, and Rokewood dragged mo out from my place of: concealment. '? ' I have killed my own child,' said he, in a husky whisper, ' and you, Marley, are the only witness who can testify to what I have done. Down upon your knees,man, and swear that you will keep tho secret!' (To be Continued.) 