" what divers see- " I had been a boy in the British Navy e&fd; Andrew Cameron to a writer in tho "Chicago Inter-Ocean," but at tho age of 18 (tho pre scribed ago) I took the position of torpedo diver. My first real diving experience was off Triucomalce, Isle of Ceylon. The mail- boat Hankow had capsized, and all hands on board were drowned. The daughter of the Governor of that island had been to England, and was going home on this ship. I was at Singapore at tho time, aud was sent for by Admiral Ryder, to rocover the mails and bring the bodies bacir. When I had got up about everything, and ail the luggage and bodies I could find I was informed that the Gover nor's daughter was still missing. At last I found her in a Bmall state-room, where she had boon sitting with her satchel in her hand, roady to go ashore. I had no thought of finding anyone in tho room, as the ports wore shut, whorcas all tho rest of the portB were open. Upon entering the door, a strong circolating current was caused, and in an instant the life- liao body roso at me with a bound. Perfectly dozed, I finally came to the Burface. When they saw me tho men cried: " Scotty has seen a ghost." When I recovered a little bit, I said: " You had bettor go down yoursolf and find the ghoBt." Then they told me that my hair was white, and I went to a glass and saw my hair, which had. been very black, had in stantly changed and was half white. I was the only diver there, so that as soon as I ; was ablo I went down and brought up the body. My second diving operation was off the Isle of Wight. H.M.S. Eurydice sunk and 500 boys and ' men were drowned, only two men having escaped. Your humble servant being at Portsmouth at tho time, I was telegraphed to go down and get the bodies, etc. I pro ceeded witii the work, raising thorn by means of a heavy case, with iron biuding. The work was at a depth of twenty fathoms, and the sight of tho hatchways leading down to the main dec): jammed with tho men, as they had rushed together to get up, was tho vilest I hnvo ever seen. It was necessary to separate them one by one. and pass them to my mate. The work had to be clone carefully, as they would slip away if merely touched. Wc found men sitting at a table actually writing lottcrs to folks at homo. One of my experiences aboard the Pene lope was at Alexandria. Tho Council sent word to Admiral Hornby that there were torpedoes arranged to destroy the fleet. Ono Thursday afternoon the signal went up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at tho time of the bombardment of Alexandria. I went down under five, and it appeared that I was the only man who reached the bottom. I found a Whitehead torpedo, the most dangerous kind, with fuse attached. 1 did not know what minute it might go off, but without hesitation I cut the wire with pincers. For this act 1 was awarded a pension for life. My term of service having expired I returned to Bathgate, aud went to work in a coal pit. Shortly after 1 received a telegram to pro ceed to Boness, Scotland, and go down a pit and open a trapdoor in a coal-mine, where eight persons wero hemmed In by a torrent of water. Before going down I bad to get diving gear. I could not get a good dross, bub us there were lives at stake, 1 went at a great risk, I got within thirty yards of tho victims and cut away at tho door, but I was in absolute darkness, and tho rushing water drew me away. I then managed to tie myself to a post with tire life-line, and proceeded. This flood was caused by tho water from an old raiho near by finding its way to tho new one. The boy stationed at the trap-door where the tubes are raised had gone to sleep, and the minors, working up au inclined shaft, were not warned of the oncoming flood. As tho shaft filled the men were cut off from (he main shaft, as they could not get over the hutches, tho road being very narrow. .After going up for a spell, I returned, to find ono of the men sitting near a glimmer ing light, and a boy crying. As I approached they both ran back, thinking I was a deviJ, although I tried to motion to them, I found a spike-nail, and goiog all the way out of the water, I removed my mouthpiece. This was rather dangerous, as my guido might have drawn nie into the water. When 1 got it off and talked to them, they wanted to know what day it was, as they had been three days without food. I then went to the top of the pit and took food to them in a tin can. I opened it with my diving-knife, aud.gave tho men a share. There wore hundreds of people at the pit waiting for tho good word, aad I think the first manly thing 1 ever did was to bring thio little boy on my shoulder thirty yards through the darkness and water and send him to his mother, where a Dr. Kirk took him in hand. By this time the water had abated considerably, and I succeeded in get ting all hands out. Iu three hours more the water would have filled the shaft where the men wore located. Mygrealest feat,which made me tho world's record diver, was at Loch Craig, Invcmess- shiro, Scotland. It. was where tho embank ment hud given way, a coincidence similar to tho recent wreck on tho New York Central Railroad. Tho heavy supply of rain caused tits embankment to subsido about six inches, and the rails being off tho level, tho embank ment gave way and the engine left the rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en gine wont over, as tho coupling yielded. Drivers failed to go down, as it was 200 feet. I was called from a place called Dole Bay, whero I was working for the Northern Lake Company. I proceeded at once to ecarch for the two bodies; being a Government cer tificate man I had to go. I found 1 would, need longer diving tackle. I had but two 60ft. lengths. Whon I hud got more tubing I wont down with the three lengths, and landed a short distauce from the engine at tho bottom. 1 fitted up two iron railway chairs, whioh I used in making the descent. I sank thorn to tho bottom on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and dowu it like a monkey. On my first actual descent I lauded on the fnnncl of the engine. I climbed down, and found the engineer standing with his hand clinched on the throttle valve. .The fireman was standing with such a death-grip upon the hand-break that I found it difficult to get him away. I made litem fast to the lino I had with mu, and ascended. I reckon I was down thirty minutes. The weight of tho diving dress is no small item in the work, tho actual weight being 180 pounds to carry about, includiug 28 pnuuds on each foot. When 1 came up I was bleeding at tho iiose, ears, and mouth, as tho pressure on my body was 84 pounds to the square ioch, in addition to tho outer pressure of the'water on my body. ' 