Siftrings fiom our Exchanges Colored races never have blue eyes. Lord Tennyson and family to arrive on the 10th. The boilers in an American river steamer exploded and 60 lives were lost. At Sydney on Saturday two packed tramcars collided and six passengers were injured. At midnight of April 30th clocks and watches to be put on 30 minutes in South Australia. Malolos has been captured by the Americans, and Aguinaldoa is retreating to the mountains. In consequence of a local option poll at Warracknabeal six hotels will be dosed. There are now 25. A madman on Saturday shot a gentleman, M. Tourret, dead io mistake for the French President, M. Loubet. A dissappointed lover attempted to cut his girl's throat with a razor on Good Friday last at Port Adelaide. Western Australia charged by the English press with barbarous illtreatment of natives and other inferior races. Five huodred volunteers have offered to go from New Zealand to Samoa to assist the British against the rebels. Something like a father.—Mr W, K. Vanderbilt has presented bis son with £2,000,000 aB a wedding gift. A pantry robber at Broken Hill, while pursued by the police, entered and ransacked a bouse, clearing with £F0 worth. At Richmond (Vic) a baby was so bitten by rats during the temporary absence of the mother that it died three days after. Captain Alfred France, formerly well known on the Peninsula, died at Waverly, near Crafers, on Sunday at the ripe age of 81. The French Government has apologised for the miscouduct ef the French sailors in wapping the British bluejackets at Ville Franche. While testing part of a bridge in New Zealand with 40 tons of rails, it gave way and three men were killed and one very seriously hurt. At Goolwa two small boys went out shooting with an old revolver, when one of them, Ralph C. Barwin (7), was shot in the head and died. The death at Paris is announced of Baroness Maurice Hirsch, said to be the richest woman in the world. Her income was £1,500 per day. The yacht Queenie, sailed by her owner, Mr John Clark, his four sons and two others, lost at Qaeenscliffe on Sunday. The occupiers are all drowned. The University Technological Institution and the Academy of Mining at bt Petersburg have been .closed owing to, the rebellious oonduct of the students. The native Pbilhpinos becoming aware of the true character of the tbeir conquerors are flocking to the American camps for protection under the stars and stripes. ( Professor Wassermann, of Berlin, says be has discovered that the " red marrow from ths bones of a person dead from pneumonia is;a cure—by ionocnlation—for that disease." Alice Glieber (22) leaped from a balcony on North Terrace, Adelaide, aud after turning • somersault struck the street and was so injured that her life is despaired of. Mr Adam Wngbt, Town Clerk of Adelaide, has resigned, and Mr T. G.EIIery" has been appointed the acting Town Clerk. Applications for the position to be called for. , The late'Bev Hugh Vinoent Lean, M.A., of London, has bequeathed £50,000 to the British Musium, £50,000 to the British Library, and £20,000 to tho Mullet Orphan Homes at Bristol. Careless use pf a gun:—While two young men at Brunswick (Vic) were getting through a-fence, one of their Runs exploded. and the charge was lodged iu the other's head, killing bun instantly. Burgess, who killed huswife, two children, aud himself at Tork, had been suffering from brain disease for some time, and the jury found the cause of the murders and suicide to be " temporary insanity." Cissie Loftus, the well-known mimic actress, is suing for divorce from her husband, Mr Justin Huntly McCarthy, son of Mr Justio McCarthy, whom she married in 1894. She is in New York. Three spectators injured at the Onkaparinga races by a bolting horse—one concussion of the brain, another broken jaw, ect., and-the third injuries to back. All are progressing towards recovery. Mr W. B. T. Andrews (74), formerly Registrar- General of 8. A. , was killed at the Upper. Sturt railway station on Tuesday morning. He was crossing the line as a special dashed through and was caught and killed instantly. ' The lumpers strike at Perth is settled and the men. are again at work. The terms are for ordioary lumping a reduction of l^d per hour ordinary and 43 per hour overtime, and coal rates are increased Id ordinary and 3d overtime on the master's offer. There were two other serious casualties during the fog in which the Stella was wrecked. The German cattle steamer Pontos, 2,710 tons, collided with an English steamer and sank, and the French barque Marechal Laimes, 2,305 tons, was wrecked off Pembrokeshire. Two men on their way home from the Onkaparainga races bad a dispute with some others at Mylor, who .objected to them disturbing a Sunday school-anniversary meeting, and assaulted them. One was found to be stabbed in several places about the head and face and another was severely bitten. During a dense fog in the English Channel an excursion steamer strnck the Casquets aud tank in 15 minutes. Of the 210 passengers 80 are missing. There were many deeds of heroism and self denial. The first officer fixed his life belt on his wife and threw her overboard. She was saved and he was drowned. AU the women and children were placed in the first boats, and wheo the vessel sank there were 50 men still on board. The Warooka, on a trip with about 170 excursionists, left Port Adelaide on Friday morning. At Edithburg the propeller was fouled by the chain of a ketch and she was delayed and had to stay tbe night. About a dozen slept on board, the hotels were filled, several private houses helped to accommodate, others hired the Institute Hall and danced the night away, others wearily prowled the streets. The steamer reached Port Adelaide 00 her return shortly before mid-day ou Saturday. The best mediciae known is SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. Test its powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza, tbe relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, barns, scaldings, brnises, sprains, it is the safest remedy—no swelling —no inflammation. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of luogs, swelling, &c;, diarrhoea diseases of tbe kidneys and organs. SANDER & SONS' EU- f CALYPII EXTRACT is in use at hospitals O nd medical clinics all over the globe; by His Majesty the King of Italy; crowned with medals and diplomas t International Exhibition, Amsterdam. rust in tbis approved article and reject all others. W An old playbill which bas recently beea discovered has caused much amusement ia Ireland by rearm of its contribution to ths settlement of tbe disputed authorship 3oC "Hamlet," It runs : _ * Kilkenny Theatre Royal. By hi* Majesty's Comi>tny of comedians. Tha last night, because the company go to* morrow to Waterford. On Saturday, May 14th, 1793, will be performed by command of several respectable people in this letraed matrapolish, for the benefit of Mr Kearnr, the Tragedy of Hamlet, originally written and composed by the celebrated Dan Hayea of Limerick* and inserted in Shakespere's Works. Hamlet, by Mr Kearas (being hie first appearance In that character), who between the acts will perform several solos our the patent bagpipes, which play two tune* at the same time. Ophelia, by Mrs Prior, who will introduce several favourite airs ia character, particularly The Lass o£ Richmond Hill," and " We'll All be Unhappy Together," from tbe Reverend Mr Dibbini'g Oddities. The parts of the King and queen by driections of the Rev, Father O'Callagban, will be omitted, a? too immoral for any stage. Pelonius, the comical politician, by a young gentleman, being bis first appear* ance in public. The Ghost, tbe Grave-' digger, and Laertes, by Mr Sampson, tba great London comedian. The characters to be dressed m Roman shapes. To which will be added an Interlude, in which will be introduced several slight-of-hand tricks by the celebrated surveyor, Hunt. The whole to conclude with the farce of Mahomet tha Impostor. Mahomet, by Mr Kearns. Tickets to be had of Mr Kearns at tbe sign. Goat's Beard, in Castle-Street. ***The value of the tickets, as usual, will be taken (if required) iu caudles, bacon, soap, butter, cheese, eta, as Mr Kearns wishes in every particular, to accommodate the public. ***No person whatsoever will be admitted into the boxes without shoes os stockings. 