TO-MORROW’S ELECTION. To-uorrow a very im portant duty will devolve on th e elector* of H obart— th e eeleotion of a representative to fill th e vacancy in the B ouse of A s­ sem bly caused by th e retirem ent of S ir P h ilip F is h . I t is, we think, a hopeful sign th a t ao large an interest is being tak en in to m orrow 's election, fo r assuredly it is high tim e th e people of H o b art did arouse them selves to e sense o f th e p riv ilege# o jo je d and responsibilities r e s t i n g ,a "ti them . B n t w hilst th e re are hopefnl signs of a revival of publio in terest in pnblic affairs th ere still a re plainly visible th e bad old iofiaeoces w hich to som e extant have been perm itted ton en ter into onr S tate politics. One of th e w orst features of our public is the very ■mall estim ate placed upon th e position of representative. M en of ability and integ rity , stndents w ho have endeavored to m aster th e fond&mental; principles of political eoonomy, these have stood aloof from pnblio life, w hile th e n m oney h a g ” w ho seeks political honor a t th e end of a long life spent in ©massing w ealth, o r the stranger, w ho is inform ed it will cost him a certain am ount to (< secore" a seat in the P arliam ent o f Tasm ania, these a re the men who too often in the p a st have been elected “ representatives" o f th e electors. In this m atter of runnin g a fte r strangers, of political nonentities, bistoryjis m erely reposting itself. F ifteen years ago stran g ers to the Colony, m ere birds of passage, were elected to P arliam ent, and this led to th e revolt of 1885, w hen the electors refused to elect strangers, and decided to vote for candidates from am ongst them selves, w ith the resu lt th a t eleven yonDg m em bers were chosen fo r th e A ssem bly, and th ere wae a decided im petus in the energy and vigor of onr political life W e deem it onr duty a t this juncture to en te r o n r pro test against the candid ature of one of th e candidates now seeking th e suffrages fo r H obart. W e s e t aside im m ediately all personal m atters— we alw ays deal w ith pnblii men as Bnch, and from a pnblio standpoint. M r. P a tte rso n has, it is true, lived fo r some years in Tasm ania, b u t np to the date of his determ ination to seek a seat in P a r­ liam ent his political and publio career is an absolute blank. D arin g bis residenoe io Tasm ania we do n o t rem em ber to have ever heard of him in connection w ith a n y public movement — to n ot one single a c t of public interest can be lay credit. His speeches dem onstrate th a t h e has not m astered the very p in n er of local politics o r of political e c o n o m y " he has m erely been *' cram m ed" with a few figures, m ore o r less perfeotly understood, evidently “ ghosted " for th e oooaslon. W e m aintain th a t the electors of H obart should resent this cool procedure, and arc of opinion th a t th e electors will require m uch m ore fpotq th e ir new representative th an the promises of a political tyro w ith a program m e of negation. Gan H o b art a t this juncture afford to be represented by m en who adm ittedly m ust spend a very considerable portion of the tim e th a t should be utilised in securing reform s in attem p tin g to m aster the very alphabet of politios P H as H o b art interests been eo overw helm ingly conserved durin g th e p ast few y ears, th a t th e eleotors [of th e capital can afford to elect a candidate w ho adm its th a t he is on th e p resen t occasion only “ ru n ­ ning a b reath er to prepare for the g eneral eleotioo P ” Does H obart send to P arliam en t so stro n g and politically capable a body of representatives th a tfit can afford to replace a m an of the capabilities and v ast experieoce of S ir P h ilip F ts h by one who has everything to learn, and h a s y e t to dem onstrate an ability to acquire th e knowledge. O f the caudiaates presented to the electors to-m orrow th ere is one who above all others has a claim on >tb s people of H obart—a m an who has n ot waited u ntil he became a o&ndidate; to take a w arm and healthy interest in public affairs. F o r the last five o r six years a t least M r. PfiOttugfiAms been well to th e front in^eveew political movem ent in H obart. >-fie has long been recognised as a politioal student, endeavoring by study and thoughtful research to m aster the problem s in the political life of bis native land. A strong honest Liberal, w ith a wide general know ledge and ab ility to express h is opinions ably and clearly, and, above all, w ith a fixity of p u r­ pose so sadly lacking in too m a n / of o u r politicianp, M r. Propbtihg Bbould command th e support of th e electors to-m orrow . There never w as a tim e in the history of H o b art w hen more depended on a bye-eleotion th a n haags upon the result of to-m orrow’s poll. If th e people of H o b art desire th a t the capital shall take ite p ro p er position in th e political life of the C olon/, if they d esire to b rin g baok th e political prestige th a t naturally belongs to the capital, theo th ey will elect men of th e PaorSTiNO type, possessing th e political know ledge and ab ility to represent the people of th e C a p ita l" if tboy are prepared to see H obart d rift b ack fa rth e r and fa rth e r in to th e byewayB of politio&l; iucompeteocy a n d indifference, then th ey can safely elect m es of th e P attbrson type. B a t we hope th a t tfap eleotors of H o b art are n ot prepared to accept eith er th a t position or th a t class of candidate. Tua Main Lins R ailway.—Until the breach the Horseshoe Bridge is repaired light goods will be accepted and conveyed over the breach by cart. No package exceeding one hundred weight will be forwarded. It U unnecessary to tramp the city in search of Bargains by coming direct to 41 Murray Street. Bwuc and LmHeSTOir, raper* and Clothiers. T n QtmsKSLAKD F ly.—T he Department of Agriculture have been approached o& the suhjeot of the infected fruit which arrived from Sydney in the es. Mararoa, and they have dcjidedtDsend it b~ck to Sydney. QuirNSrowx School of M in es.—The Attorney-General bra been approached on the qu .tionof Government c.sistsnca for the Queenstown Boh- ri of Mines, and he states th at as coon s i he le -n sin whet direction *!»a csUtauee is required to take he wi'l sn tn rt it t) the Cabinet. S tre e t V erandahs.—Those who corstruct burin £3 vdranda''3 in the city t o Competed to adhere to "t stock pi:n p u ­ pated by tbe.wti/ Surveyor. A t. be meeting of the Ci-y Council t day j n mission wsi asked by a we’l-tnowu brsiae. 3 uno <3 add 03 f ) a vert idnh ereof d before the new re ulation was brought in for ■ There n ro end o* dircusslon over tbs requr-t, m d it vrv held that no m att?r what the s’r trs of the applic-nt was in the Community ho departure could be-made from the i r 'e h iu dowj, viz., th at eveiy bnrioess vei-udah m uit 1 3 canBtracted on ft uaifotm principle; Sacred H e a rt School.—A social in aid of tbs funds of the above school was held in the schoolroom adjoining the church, New Town, last evening. There was a good attendance, and light refreshments were served during the evening. Songs trere sung by Mrs McNamara and Mr Whitfield, and Miss Kelly played a mandolin solo, while other ladies and entlemen contributed towards the evenf dr’s entertainment. The pupils gave an exhibition of dumb-bell er^rcisue and physical drill. It is expected th at the CommitteewiU have a substantial sum to hand over to the funds. • We are -tailors and can guarantee you Ihe best fit in the city. Swift and L mN<35ToH '4l Murray street. T hea tre R oyal. — A really excellent programme is being presented nightly at the Theatre Royal by M. Emile Lazern and his Vaudeville Company, which has taken hold of the audiences who have paid A visit to the home of Thespis in Campbell street. There is plenty of variety, fun without Vulgarity, and a thoroughly up-to-date selection. The apphnee is continuous, encores demanded and no denial taken; in ehort, the Company must rank among the best which have appeared in Hobart. Then the feats of fif. freera they are wonderful Without any apparent accessories he makes things appear where they ware not, and to disappear in the twinkling of an eye. The musical arrangements are also first-clase, and tb s Company daring its stay here should recsive abundant patronage. A new programme is to be given this evening, and Friday will be a Druids’ night. Oi* the Warpath—Alderman Benjamin was decidedly combative at the City Council to- day. He atarted buiinees on t verandah at the top of Elizabeth street And ended on a stack of brickB deposited fay some parties unknown in tbs immedicate vicinity of Molls street Bridge. The gulf between these two points was filled up by a determined set of people who presumed they could square the Council; the trials and the troubles of a Corporation official who was trying to turn an honest penny by grappling with politics, and a lament over the condition of the Committee Room after one of the other night ball parties had ran amuck through it. It the Ways and Means report had not come up when it did the worthy alderman had grievance to ventilate. These b&VB; been postponed until next maetiog. Swift and LmNOsroN’e for Drapery and Cloth ng. Every day is bargain day a t 41 Murray street. Pensioners. — Pensioners, generally speaking, seem to have attained to the Roscruclan secret of longevity, but in the Mother Land peneions last very long. The oldest of British pensions recently expired —by commutation. TheDnke of Norfolk has been drawing a pension of £40 a year, which was awarded to hiB ancestors in 1618, When the Earl of Surrey defeated James. IT. of Scotland, on 22nd August, 1613, and left him, together with the flower of Scottish chivalry, deed upon the field of Flodden, Henry T ill., by way of reward, gave a pension of £40 a year to the Earl and his heirs for ever. The Duke of Norfolk is the lineal descendant of the Earl of Snrrey and the heir to his pensionalemo'umeat, which fa™ just b&ea; commuted in accordance with the arrangements for abolishing heredif :ry pensions. P ecu liar Sentences.—Ao English contemporary, having instituted an enquiry as to the "m ost ungrammatical sentence written,” has obtained some very good samples. Some time ago the Liverpool Tramways Company posted the following notice is its cars:—"Passengers are requested to pay no more pennies than the cocdaotor iu their presence punches holes in their tickets for.” This remarkable sentence excited public derision. The directors tried again, with this result Passengers are requested to pay no uims : pennies than for which the conductor in their presence punches holes in their tickets.” After this the directors " gave i t up” and arranged with a journalist to reconstruct the notice As a m atter of record, however, the Manchestor directors fell far short of the little girl who, driving along the road with her father, and noticing a flock of eheep, enquired, " I s them sheep'e yournP” Four words, and all wrong! We give trading stamps, we also give the beet value in the city in Drapery and Clothing. Bwift and LrvjNOsroN. Judqe as C o n s ti^ s .—The American adge is not as a rule like nnco bis jrotbsr of the British bench, but he is perhaps more practical and even more aealone in enforcing respect of the law. A New Jersey burglar last month had marked a fat mansion in the country for his prey, but had barely got inside before he was confronted by an old gentleman, who pointed a rifle a t his bead^nd ordered him “ to throw up bis hands "on tbedire threat of being committed for contempt of court: I t was the jadge of the d istrict! A jadge with a loaded Remington, supported by bis daughter as constable with a sixshooter, is a knotty point in law for a bnrglar to have to deal with on the threshold of an enterprise. The judge had a pleasant sense of hum or; he resolved himself and hia oonstable into a court of law, with the prisoner a t tbe bar. Next day the bsttod bnrglar was committed to the country gaol, and tbe grand jury bad only to approve tbe sentence of tbe judge in what the prisoner described aB " th e slickest court” he had ever eeen.i Next time, he says, he will break “ into gaol and save red tape.” That resolve so original and yet eo logical that the m deserves a pardon for the idea. Aatebjoan Competition;—Americads are nothing if not rapid, and the latest illustration of the national characteristic unique. Instead of calling tenders for railway postal service, a race is arranged for the rival companies, and the winner gets the contract. Lately in the railway race for securing a mail contract the Omaha train ran from Chicago to Omaha, covering the distance of 600 miles in 684 minutes, including stoppages. The fastest spaed was attained when the train covered Mb Rattle’s Candidature.—This evening Mr F. B. Rattle is advertised to address the electors a t the Temperance Hall, Melville street, a t 8 o’clock, when Alderman Kerr will take the chair. Mr Rattle has conducted a somewhat vigorous oamprign throughout the city, having address d nine meetings, receiving at each a unanimous vote of confidence. As tl e subject of Mr Rattle’s address is "A fliml word before the poll,’' no donbt there wi 1 be a large attendance. D iocesan Sunday School A ssociation. —The annual o cjting of this Association will beheld to-morrow evening at 7.10 n m. The Bey. J. B. W. Woolinongh will read paper entitled. "The Teacher in the idy and in the Class,’ and Canon Pinnis will speak about " Melbourne Sunday Schools.” T w n jty College, L ondon.—Stndents1 entrieB for tbe Theory Examination must reach the looa! secretory not later than tomorrow (Thursday), 16th instant. Forms are obtainable a t Messrs Waich and Sons. Colonel St H ill' s Meeting.—At the Working Men’s Club, Upper Macquarie street, this evening the Colonel will speak to tbe electors of Hobart H ot art E lection.—Mr R C. Patterson wiU address the eleotore of Hobart at the Congregational schoolroom, Battery Point, a t 8 o’clock to-night. Mb PftOFBTuia'fi Meeting—This evening Mr W. B. Fropsting will speak at the Mechanics’ Institute. 