SOME GHOSTLY^ LEGENDS. HAUNTED PLACES. The-remarkable story of the apparition at Berry Pomeroy Castle, near Totnes appears to be authentic, and is well known in the West of England. The legend runs that in the latter part o£ the last century Dr Walter Farauhar, who was then at Torquay, was called to the Castle to attend the steward's wife. On his arrival he was shown into a room on the ground floor and asked to wait a moment After some minutss haa elapsed he grew impatient, and arose to question a female who had opened a side door and was walking across the room. His surprise, however, was great when he noticed her manner and garb. She was dressed in rich attire, but in an absolutely out-of-date costume, and wrung her hands in a pitiful manner—her tace evincing signs of great distress. ghe walked to the flight of oak stairs and] quickening her pace, disappeared. ,\t that moment the steward entered t],,; room, and announced that liis wife was ready to see him. Dr Farquhar found his patient dang- erously ill, and he was so much engrossed with the case that he forgot, ere lie left the building, to question (he steward as to the young lady in the c unou.-- dress he had seen. On the following day ,he found his patient much improved, and remembered to ask the stewai-d about the mysterious young lady, AS the doctor recounted his experience the poor fellow showed unmistakable signs of fear and trembling, and told the "Doctor that now he was sure his wife would soon die. as the spectre was the spirit ot the daughter of an early owner o£ the Castle who had murdered her child, and had since appeared as an omen foretelling the death of an inmate. Dr Farauhar quickly gave the steward every assurance of his wife's tum for the better, and that he thought she would continue to improve,but the credulous old steward would not hear of it The next day the Doctor called at the Castle, and was astounded to find that his patient had died soon after he left the plaut- the preceding day. The most strange part of the story Is to come. After an interval of several years, Dr Farquhar was weli known ir. London as Sir Walter Farquhar (1736), and could count among liis clients and friends certain members of nobility and Royalty. One day a lady came to him in great distress, saying her sister v.as ill, and appeared to be wasting away, and that on being questioned, slie v.as most emphatic in saying she saw a ghost when visiting in Devonshire some weeks before, which had left such ai: impression upon her, that do what she would she could not shake it oft. The lady further said that the spectre appeared at Berry Pomeroy Castle, nt which Sir Walter started, told liis experiences, and requested to see the young lady immediately, whom he found suffering as described. The poor girl appeared greatly relieved to l« speaking to some one who shared her uncomfortable experience, and, it may lie added, soon regained her usual health. Sykes Lumb Farm, near Blackburn, Lancashire, has a well known reputation for being haunted. The house itself is a very primitive dwelling, built of large, roughly hewn blocks ot coarse limestone, having a lonely situation in a secluded dell by the banks of the Meller Brook. Several parties have asserted that they have seen an old wrinkled woman pass along the road which led to the Lumb, but were so afraid that they never dared to question her. It came to pass that a young farmer occupied the premises, and on seeing the "ghost" one night beneath an old apple tree-in the orchard he accosted her, when she pointed to the ground. The young man dug and soon came upon a ' number of earthenware jars containing ancient gold and silver coins of pounds value. After this night it Ls said the old dame has not troubled the country, folk so much. Heath Old Hall, near Wakefield. Tortshire. also has its ghost. This mansion is a splendid pile of the Elizabethan period, and the windows were formerly emblazoned with the arms of some of the chief of England's nobility. In 1593 William Witham. who was in possesion, was suddenly taken ill and died. A later owner of th'e Hail was a sister of VTitham's—Lady Mary Bolles—a strongminded woman, who was locally known as "Old Mother Hubbard." and who, it is recorded, died in 16G2 at the age o£ eighty-three. Tradition says this lady's spirit still haunts the place. Her favorite spot seems to be the old banquetting hall, where she lias been seen to slide along in a most mysterious fashion. This ghost is also reported to have walked in Heath Grove; but was afterwards conjured down into a hole of the river, which is even to tills day known as "Bolles' Pit" There is a strange story of 'hi- supernatural in connection with H_i''k\vood House, an old mansion xeai' Basingstoke, in the shape of the ghost "£ a young lady, said to have been murdered there. She was seen soon after the house was purchased by Lord Eol'.en, by 1-ord Bolton himself and tv. o nf his friends. The ghost of Barbara YilHers, Duchess of Cleveland, is said to liaunt Walpole House. Chiswick Mall, and hr-r spirit appears at short intervals at a u-.'druoai window in the upper part of ihe house, wringing its hands and beseei.-iiing some unknown person to "Give her iiaek her lost beauty."— "Royal Magazine" 