"NOVEL.' The Martlet Seal. By Jeanette Walworth. CHAPTER VIII. — (OoirtDtuHD.) 1 Oeleate was a wiser nurse 'than I took her for. I had no business ooming in hero to talk to my little siok ' wife. ' I am going" Norrie, and I shan't pome baok until yon scud, for mo, darling.. Only don't koop mo away, too long. I miss yon so, dear, , So do oil the Stop! stop!' stop!' It was a ory of pain.' He.did stop, and stood wonderingly silent while she wont on impetuously : ... 'You are' talking to mo as if I were a lunatie or a ohiid. A. child you know I am not. A lunatio possibly I might bou'omo, if falseness, dcooit, oowordioe, i duplloity in a man worn all that was necessary ,to make a lunatio of a woman. When I said that I . bated you, I mount it ! When I reooilod from your tonoh na I would from that of a' roptilo, I meant it ! You are a reptile, John Lorimer !' Ho blanohod at her scathing denunciation of him, and, turning his fsoe from hor, ho stood' with folded amis looking down into tho fito. It was on record in the medical journals, ho reminded himself, that peoplo frequently turned upon their very dearest friends when dementia seized upon them. Chalmers must bo summoned at onoo. Ho 'would not add to her oxoitoment by » single word. Sho stopped spunking. Ho oould \- hear tho tumultuous breathing that lifted the folds of her white vrappor in billows of passion. After A little while her breath came. more placidly. , . ' Is that all, Nora F he turned and dsked her quietly.-. .Tq soothe ;her exoited nerves '. - was his oiie'objeot just' then. ' That is all. Is it not onough P' ' Quite enough in the way of condemna tion.', He had turned towards thn door. ' You are going ?' sho, asked, drearily. la not that what you' want me to do ?' 'Yes.' ' You know my theory always has boen that tho voty worst a good woman oan loina or a man iuub rar snort or ms deserv ing. Ihopo you will foal better to- morrow, Nora. Try to sleep now, dear.' He -was gone I She looked stupidly at the wooden panels of the door through whioh he had disppeafed. . ' C- . ' Not one kvord in sotf-dofenoo I He oould not look nielh the fuoo-and defend himself 1 That1 muoh to' his credit. 'And now' lot nib finish' my work.'. She resumed hor writing. Her pen fairly flew over the puppr. Sheet aftor sheet sho filled, folded, enveloped, and dirooted, until four olosed envelopes lay before her, upon one only of which sho put a govern ment, stamp. , When Oeleite brought her lunobeon to the door, she found horsolf , locked oat. When Hhe knooked two or throo hours' luter, and informed 'Madame' that shn was there with the dinner-tray, she was' still looked out. When sho oamo again at lamp- light, craving permission to put the ohild to bed, the doc was opened sufficiently wide for Ninette to oreop in, and through the orevioe Oeieete was informed that Mrs Lorimer would attend to the ohild herself that night. Sho was.at liberty to dispose of her evening in hor own .way. , ' Tho way Celeste' did dispose of it was not at all in ' her.own way.' Sho was entrapped on hor way down the Btairqbythe mistress of White Olififa and drawn into the sitting- room, where the family pbysioian, assisted by John Lorimer and his mother, oross-questioned her rigidly and exhaustively as to Mrs Lurimer's mental oondiiion during provious neuralgio attacks. Sho . slipped away from them, whon they had extracted from her a vast deal of infor mation she had never suspeoted herself possessed of, and crept into a oot in the hall, just outside Nora's door. John himself had Jooated it. She had assured >>im oonfidently that a mouse oould not stir in Madame's room'and she, Celeste, hot hoar it from that position. It was from that night that Celeste Bougeceaux always dated her belief in ghosts, and regarded their visitations as presages of evil. She told tho story of tho White Oliifs ghost always with unotion. ' It waB not of ghosts I was thinking,' sho wonld toll you, 1 that night. I was awake. I oould not sleep. The . hall was largo and strange to me. The oot was narrow- I was restless. I was thinking of the child Ninotte, and how she must have missed me, when of , a sudden 1, felt a cold wave' sweep over my faoeaiid I suw a white fignre gliding noiselessly across tho hall and turn towards theetopa. I oovored my head with the blankets, ohilled but not frightened. Oaleqto Bougureaux iB not a coward.. When I looked again, there was nothing to be . seen but the oold pale moonlight streaming through the' nnbortaiuod dormer window npon the bare floor of tho hall. The next morning, Mrs John Lorimer was not to be found. I told no one of. that visitation from tho White Oiiffs ghost. Bah 1 tho pro vincial;, they would have had no faith in it' or in mo. But 1- have seen what I have seen.' ;! One. portion of Oeloste Bougereaux's story ' was irrefragable. It was on the morning after' she "siopt on the oot in tho hail that John's- wife : waB not to bo' found. On the desk, :in her . room were lying three sealed ' envelopes. ... ' One of the envelopes was addressed .to her husband. ' Tj> him she said,-—. ' I'marri&d; yon' for'Nindtto'i! sake, I leave you"for our otvh. You rimy be a trifle shooked.at this violent rending of the feeble ohain tha£ links us together, .but I fanoy you. will he infinitely obliged (o ine in the Jong rnn."1 Consult' 'somo' of your lawyer friends' and siehowthd'knot ban bo uiltied' legally; for 1 wonld not huvo you lose the full- fruits of this saorifloe by reason of obstaoles in tho path of your marrying again,— mo'ro feiioit- oualy.-:nBxttimo,- I wffi'hopo.""T"have"ho" intention of making away with myself.' . , Another ono of tho envelopes was addressed to Celeste. To her she said,— ' ,c ' As soon ns you huvo road this, ask Mr Lurimorto sond yoq and tho ohild to, Gien- burnio. Tako with you hor trunk and the euvblopo addressed to Miss Fairbanks, whioh I leave ; with this; Be good to Ninette, and stay with hor : it will tie to your interest.' , 'I'ho third onvolopo was nddrossod to MiBS Fairbanks. To hor sho said, — 'I am not oonduotiug my project in tho way I had planned before ooming to Whito Cliffs. "But, after all, wo arb tho merost puppets in tho hands of Fatb. ' I had moant my llttlo Ninette should win her own way with you beforo Tmnde for her tho startling claims of kinship. Sho is Sibley Fairbunk's daughter — his only ohild, born In holy Wed lock. Her mother and father did not live together happily. Ho deserted . her tj she had to mnko her own support.' As all of tho papers wore in hbi possohsion, It may be some time yet before tho ohild'n legal .,olaim npon you or upon your father oau be ostob- fished. She is the child of my only sister— a younger sister, to whom I was idolatrouBly attaohod. John Lorimor's suit for my hand ' carried no weight with it until he uooident- ally' mentioned tho faot of having the Fair banks of ,0-lenburnlo as neighbors. I meant to, liuvo kept Ninotte myself until hor claim upon . hor grandfather had beon made so clour that he would gladly huvo recognized it ; but it has boen ordered otherwise. If yciur first impalio should be to order Oolasto, tho child's nurso, to loavo your prosonoo and toko the ohild with hor, stop and deliberate twloo. before you send your brother Sibley's infant daughter adrift in an unfriendly world. Until I prooure tho proofs of what I s»y. you must toko my simple assertion. Every word in this letter is absolutely true.' CHAPTER IX. . Flowers 1 flowers everywhere 1 The most expensivo sorts at tho most expensive season I Bulj expense was novel; taken into aooouut in th'e|Naroroos establishment. Did Mia Nor- o'roBS desire a thing t And was that thing the very best of Its kindr Those were the only two questions worth tho asking or the answering. Friday was Mrs Begone Noroross's day. Not that fevery day was not entirely at her own frivolonS disposal, but oven butterflies are subjoet to oxhaustion, and it Mr Jtorcross .had not set apart one day out of tho seven for special observances,' the gayest butterfly of fashion that all Esplanade Stroet, In the oity of Now Orleans, oould boost, would 'bavo succumbed to tho harden of its own popularity. ' . On Friday, theraforo, ono was sura of finding Mrs Noroross at home, olothed in : one of tiioso marvels of Frenah ooitumes that all hor ' set was raving over.' Ono was also sure of finding the house oonvertod into u bowor of roses, whiie from overy ooraer of th'o,Hpncious lower floor, daring the regula tion hours, iluatcd the mingled aroma of English broakfust toa and feminine gossip. Apparently, no one enjoyed Mrs Nororom's Friday afternoons more thoroughly than she did horaoif. No ohild freshly admitted into fairy- land oould have outdone her in joyous gayety, as sho flashad from group to group of tho toa- drinkers, moving her lithe form with its glistening rutin train, and hor jewelled arms and hands, with an cflfcotivo graoo not altogether unstudied. All of those who drank her ; tea were not goo'd-naturod towards Eugone Noroross's young wife. Some of them, porhaps, had not; yet goi over the eeo'rot smart of his defection from the ranks of their own possible suitors. Some, of them, perhaps, would have proferred his marrying a woman whom somebody know. Among these was his aunt, Mrs Mollioent Noroross, who con fidentially assured his marriod sister, Mrs Dolanoy Dalany, on the Friday In question, that — .'If Noroross had not brought her direot from Paris, one would bo tempted to; aoouse hor of gauoherio.' ' ' Not gauoherio ! Anything but that. For a woman In her first winter hero, she is the most absolutely self posaossod young thing I evor saw.' ' WeH, then, provinoialiem, if you prefer. T imnotnn olta hna aaan wnnn llivU -.1 sl.i„ sort of thing. Her onjoymont of it is too undisguised, too absurdly genuine.' 'It is rather patent. She is a pretty oreatoro, though, Mellioent. One oan soaroely blame Eugene for beoomlng in fatuated so lato in life.' ' Bhe is oxqalsite I Ohio from the ' crown of her blonde hair to the tips of those little twinkling yeliqw satin, slippers. It, is her effusive gayety T'oondemn. I should' 'prefer more reposo of manner.' . ' Hor oostnme is daring. No woman less sure of her oomplexion would have ventured so inuoh yellow at onoo. She does laugh too muoh.' i Mrs Dolanoy Delany lowered her long- bundled eye- glasses, and sighed. Mrs Mellioent Noroross lowered hers, and smiled : 'After all, why should she not laugh? Life must be an altogether .pleasant thiDg for her. The udored wife of Eugene Nor oross, . no ohildren,. assured position, old family, wealth, . beanty, youth, health 1— 1 envy hor, my dear, positively.' ' ' .'And — yot— oskoleton !' Mrs. Mellioent shrugged her plump should ers and lowered her voice : ' You mean Eugene himself ?' ' Ae jealous as, a Spaniard I ' What would you havo? Perfection? I imagine her Friday afternoons are free from hiB espionage only booauso ho knows that no men ever oomo here before gas-light. He will appear with the lighting of the first jet.' ' Doubtless 1 It is an ugly serpent in this pretty Eden.' 'She walks too rapidly. Sho lacks repose.' Then opportunity for further 'arltlolsm was loflt. , : Mrs Noroross was coming towards them, followed by a tray-bearer. ' 'She swoopod down upon them smiling 'You are. neither oatlng hor drinking! This is abominable., ' No : we were gossiping, and about you.' ' About meP' . Sho clasped two jewelled hands to her pink ears.- The diumonds that flashed upon them were prioeless family.gems. ' It is the loft one . that. - barns. You wore saying naughty things about mo.' 'On the oontrary. We were saying that Eugene was always a most fortunate man. But — -Benuet is .trying to oatch you'r ey cl Ho has .a oard there. One ' does not nood cards tO'day.' . Mrs Noroross turned towards tho butler, who was., standing, behind her oxtonding a oard and wearing his moat impassiye- facial expression. .She flashed under this im plication of social ignorance, and made no motion towards takiug the oard : - -r ' 'I am at home to all my friends to-day, Bennett.' 'This is not a- friend, madam" It is a person/ , . . -i p ' Thou I am not at home to hor.' ' She insists npon soeiog yon. She would not go. Sho hiss written, something, ,pn the. oard. . I have shown her into Mr Noroross's "study. ' ' ' t .1 Mrs Nonoross lifted the oard from the ealve'E It waB oue of the sort Bonnet . always . kept in. Mthe drawer of, the hall rack, for emergencies. There wa? nothing, wntten on it but a Bjapie : \\. , 'Nora.' , \ . A slight tremor, as slight as the waving of a willow,, wand, when a rude wind shakes if suddenly,, passed through, hertrame,. leaving ; her color ,d„ shade fainter, and her. voioa a trifle Jiciss resonant jin its ,gay .clear . toiios,: -u .-.a '.Presently/ She.„wuyed.,Bennett out of her presenoe with that one softly- spoken word, :: and onoe 'mor9,'Bdyp..hgr,6xolusiyo ,.ettqntion to Mr. Noroross's relatives. She had' a favon to askl. of both of them : ' Would' dotfr" Mrs Delany oome to her on "Sext Mpnday nnd dine en .famillu P.-' She and Eugene pouldinot agree. npon the looation of tha oousorvatory. . They needed an empire. Eugene was positively autocratio/ \ ' And wonld door Mrs Noroross mako ono ' at tho theatre-party she wti getting ,np for Irvlug's fir.»t night P1 Thon, with joyous thanks, and an adieu waved from the , tips of hor ..poarl-atickod ostrloh- font hor fun, sho ' turned fromthem flashing and smiling', and, gradually making her .way to the' yol vet portioro' that sop'sratdd the parlors from tlio roar - of tho ' house, " sho disappearod bohiud them. 'Wonderful I'vMrs Delany exoiaimed, in tones' of gonuino-admiration, as tho velvet 'draperies 'fell "softly together 'onoo more, shotting onti the radiant vision.' ' WhatP',' : Amelia's self control. Tho oard that Bennett, brought hor agitated hor exoossiveiy. She had 'twisted it ififo a porfcot liorksorow boforo you had made .up;yaur mind about the thoatro-party.'. The person is, not wel- oomo.' , ... ' That, at least, goes to prove that Eugeno did not marry a provincial/ ' I yield that pointi But one would liko to know a little sooiothlng of the anteoodonts of one's own brothor's wife.' , , , If it had boon Mrs Dolany's privilege to go with hor sister-in-law into the preKonco of tho person who was pationtly waiting in the , study, hor onriosity might have boon amply if not agreeably satisfied on tho score of antooodents. It was John Lorimor's wife who sat thoro waiting for tho tardy ooming oi her sister Amelia, Ninotto's mother. As tho radiant young thing who had just suooossfully run tho .gauntlet of several sooro of orltioal oyea flitted into the dimmer region of Mr Nor- orossji stady, Nora stood up confuBod and bewildered. Thby kissed eaoh other, and they oalled each otner ' Norrie and 'Mollis,' but, oven as their embraoing arms felt apart, the look of. pain 'and bewilderment deepohing.on Mrs Lirimor's faoo, sho reooguisod' that she wus looking at her sistor over a yawning abyss. ' J don't understand at ull, Amelia 1 1 have boen trying -to find you for a month. When I heard that you woro Mrs, Eugene Noroross, I grew mora utterly bewildored than over. What doos it mean ? You can not — havo- — i;.- ' - .' My letter was oxplioit enough, heaven knows !' Mrs Noroross interrupted her rudely, laughed nervously,' andcsottled herself on tho other end of Nora's sofa.. ' Your letter P' ' Yes,— my letter, in whioh I told you tho wholo truth. I.thonght it would be safest: When I sent Ninotte to you and' told you I was going to Europe with that old woman as her paid: companion, I told you that I oould not tako Ninette . with me, beaaneo it was only on the understanding that 1 had no ties; sho would . have- me.- She said she' wanted no tear-shedding females about hor. You knew all that, before/ . ' Well. I thought no wsong of it, either/ ' But I did not tell you the whole truth, Nora. If that old woman bad not bcon Eugene Noroross's mother, and if he had not been going over with her, I never would have taken the position/ < It all turned out splendidly. The old . lady died in Nioe. I had seen none of her family, but hor son, oh this side. I oamo baok Mrs Eugone Nor oross.: When I -wrote you from - Paris that I was going on the stage, it was to prevent youi from hunting me up, ma ohbro. 1 knew your - horror of stage people. Ono oannot hopp to auooeed in life, — euooeod as I have, — ' she glanced comprehensively about her, — ' if one dare not finesse a little, even with ono'a own sister, i As for tho ohild, she wan always muoh fonder of you thun she was of me.; ' I wrote yon a long letter three weeks ago. I told you in that letter that I did not; moan Ninette should bo a pecuniary bnrJon to you/ Nora put her hand to her head with a dis- traotod gesture : 1 1 grow more bewildered at every word, Amelia. I never got your lotter. I have heard from you but onoe siuoe the day Cblpste oamo to 'me with your little girl, bringing the lettor telling me you wore going to Europe as a companion. That onoe was whon you wrote me you were goiug on the.atage. I oried over that letter, Mellto, and I -prayed so 'hard that you mightbs kept pure and sweet/ .... .. Mrs Eugene Noroross smiled indulgently : 'A ruse, Norrie; ray dear, but a neoessary. .one. I knew your ubhorrenoe of the stage, and I know, or thought I know, that if you. I believed me to he on the stage you would shun mo as you wonld a leper/ ' And you wanted mo to ehuu you P' ' Yes/ : A oold, hard lock hAd oome into the radiant young face, ' I, who have bean mother and sister and teaoher all in ono to you, Mellio P I. who ever wanted you even to try to support yourself at type- writing P'. '.Yes/ It oamo monotonously from tho full red lips whioh after eaoh utterance Mrs Noroross drew fieroely ie nnder her glistening white teeth. 1 ' But why P' ' I told you why in thai letter.' But I- never got tho letter, I tell you/ 'Then I will havo- to go over tho wholo hateful ohapter onoe more. But not here. This is Mr - Noroross's study, and he . might oome in unexpectedly/ . .Sho got up, ' almost' dragging her sister with her. ', Why should Mr' Noroross not find mo here f Nora asked, -rossntfully. I have a right to oome' to see my own sister, have I not, Amelia P, Amelia made an irritated motion with her pretty hands : ' I have so muoh to tell you, Nora, and tho house is so full ot people. You must, follow mo. Bomb one might interrupt us. ' She dropped hor sister's hands, and, sweeping rapidly forward, led the way, by a roar staircase, to the upper floor, never onoo pausing in her graoefnl sinuous progress until they reaohed a small dressing-room, perfeot in all appointments, through the open door of whioh she got a glimpse into a bodroom fitted up with still morn Oriental splendor. Now 1 We are safe 1— qnlto safe ! Eugene never intrudes hero. Wo oan talk comfortably/ She pushed Nora into an oosy ohsir, and, seating herself olose beside her, began nervously : _ ; , . ; , . i I am sorry you failed to get that lotter. It would havo saved you this trip/ ' No. I came -to 'the oity independently of any expectation- of seeing you.' , I had- bo-: liered you wera on the stage. I.i.had. given yon up for dead. I placed the' ohild whore its.pioper protoolors .would -be obliged to oare for it,. and ebon— thon— — But I did not oome,, here., to folk. about myself. Tell me, all thai yon havo kept from mo so long, Antelia/ (To bo ooutinued.) Thb Hcsr Valuadlh "'OcoAk in mu Would. — The most valuable oloak in tho woyld is probably that in possession of Lady Brassey. This mantle was presented by Queen Romans, of the Swdwioh Islands, to Uaptain Thouison, of tho British 'Navy, for the protoptii'm' extended to her against the Fronoh in 1843. , Tha foundation' of tho, mantle is a network of 'native1 homp, end to it are attaohod by fine threads of the same material tho feathers of birds found only in the Hawaiian Islands. Tho upper and lateral borders, whioh are eorded with a string of hemp, are deooratad with alternate .orosoolj-eheppdf jlguroj compqsed of, either red or yellow leathers. The oloak is four feet in lengl h and eleven and H half feet in widtlt at: the bottpm, toperiug, up to .twenty-, three inohes at tlqo top. ..The great diffioulty experienoed inproonriug the feathers and the number v of years r> quired to complete tho .garment oonstitate itH ohief olaim to value, .its yellow feathers are especially .valuable,; and the bird from wbioh. thoy are obtained is rare, and difficult to oapture.. Tbemarkot prioe of five of thoBe feathers is about .ten shillings; and by this, estimate the ,valne. of the whole, taking in the amount of labour involved, is about £160,000. 