ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. Notices .of engagements, accounts of weddings dances, at homes and other Items of general inter est should reach "The Loader" office not later than Wednesday morning to ensure publication io the issue of th ecurrent week. Household.— The method of cleaning gilt frames depends greatly on the cause of their shabbiness. For instance, if the gilt is worn off nothing but residing .will bo of any use. If they are Rimply dirty, wash very carefully (using as little water as may be) with a lather of n Utile warm water and very pure soup, rinse well, and wipe very- lightly with an old silk handkerchief. You will find if you -wash the gilt frames once or twice during the summer (after they are clean) with the following, it will tend to keep them clean:— Lay 1 lb. of on- ions -jn a pan, and pour over these sufficient boil ing water to cover them liberally; let them stand, covered, for a week, to extract the full strength, then wash the frames over lightly but thoroughly with the.-slruincd liquid. No flies will settle on them then.. . - ' "Maid Marian.— 1. Curried sardines come under the heading," of savory. ... 2. Fish eurrv should bo 'passed as an entree, 8. French Bean Salud: Take cold beans which lmv'e been well drained from the water. Saturate them with vinegar, and let them lie in it for 2 0 minutes; drain again, and add some oil, if liked, and a little pepper and salt. Potato Salad: Boil : some potatoes in their jackets, peel and slice'; while warm. Make the salad 2 or 3 hours (before it is . wanted.. Put. the. potatoes in layers into a salad bowl, and sprinkle each layer with a little pepper and Ball. . finely chopped parsley, and, if likcd, minced shallot. Add oil and vinegar iu the proportion of 2 tablesnconfuls of vinegar to 3 of oil, and stir them well into the salad. Correspondent.— I quite forgo-t the pseudonym you used some little time back, when you asked me, amongst other things, - alxnit : Padeiewski'a wedding. However, I hope this item will catch your eye:— "Very little comment scorns to have been excited by M. PuderaivskPs wedding. ' The great pianist managed il all so quietly that, even now, it docs .t sewn to be generally believed that he is married at all. His bride, however, is a self-evident factor in the case. She is a': brilliant and handsome woman, who— as Helcne Baroness do Rosen— is well known in the musical world of her native land. She vr-devoled to the invalid boy who has hitherto been the sole con solation of M. PadcrewskPs hours of leisure. The marriage took place in Warsaw, at the Church of tho Holy Ghost, in the presence of only a frw intimate friends. His many admirers 'must wis! 31\. Padcrewski ft, double share pf the peace and happiness which Has been so long in coming, tor a comparatively young man— lie is only 3S— ne nas hod more than tne average portion of sorrow. Dolly.— To make fruit salad boil 1 lb. of loaf- sugar with 14 pint of water till reduced to half, strain it through muslin, flavor to taste .with liqueur or essence, and a few drops of coloring if you like. Slice pears, bananas, peaches, and toss all the fruit well in the syrup, and stand it on ice till required. The more kinds of fruit you use the better will be the salad. Fruit salad should be served as a sweet. Savory Toasts: Cut some slices of crumb of bread 4 inch ttock, toast them, butter thickly, and spread upon them any highly- seasoned savory mixture. Put them into the oven to make them hot, and serve. Any cold ragout or stewed vegetables Ircated in- thick ®auccs.?at®£ ham or tongue beaten up over the fire. with egg and cream till thick, truffles stewed in butter, seasoned and minced, or any similar preparation, may be used to spread upon toasts. May Flower.— The following are the other re ceipts, for which xou have to thank Aaabcl. Tip top Cake: 4 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 cup milk, 2 cups flour. llcat the butter and sugar for 10 minutes. Add the oge, well bcoten, and a little essence, then the flour, and when quite smooth add J cup of milk. Bak 111 " J ' I Kalangadoo 'biscuits: 1 »> butter (not "'ted), beaten with 2 cups of sugar; add 1 eggs, - spoonfuls of mi.lk, i cu|«s of flour, m which 1 tea spoonful of soda and 2 of _ cream of ' ' been carefully added. Boll about an inch thick, mark out and bake. Foam Biscuits. 1 butter, 3 lb. sugar, beaten; add 1 cup - egg , 2 tcaspoonfuls baking aini'nonia, - 11). flour, uqu very thin, and bake in a niLdium oven to a light brown. If this receipt is exactly followed, the results are excellent. Sister Anne.— You will find no difficulty in mak ing a savory omelet with a little praetice. 'lake 3 eggs and break tlicm one by one into a cup to see ff they are good, and put 'llican in a bajin. . Add <i piece <ft onion, chopped finely, as big of the first flngw down to the na»'. halt a teaspooriful of equally finely chopped par- eley, about a saltwpoon'ful Of salt, a bal pepper. Add 2 tablespoonfuls of milk.- Place In a fryingpan 2 oz. Of ifresh- butter; place the fryingpan on the fire to melt the butter till it froths. Next with a fork beat up the eggs uith 'the milk, chopped onion and parsley, -and poppor and salt till it is quite frothy. Keep .n .cas!1£ till Ote last moment, and then -pour it quickly into the butter. Take n large epoon and stir it all up very quickly, scraping the bottom the frying- pan all the time. As soon as it - be gins to set take Uic frylngiian a little from the fire, and work . the y omelet with a spoon inio.a lwlf moon shape ."hen it w nearly set, take the fryingpan off the fire, and hold it'in.front.of the fire, resting tho edge ofrthe pan on 'the bo'ttom bar, and' slanting it as much as pos sible. v Hold the fryingpan like this to r a couple of minutes or so.- ; Tills causes the omelet to rise, aud it thereby becomes lighter. ' Daisy.— There is no better method'1 of keeping the liair in good condition, soft, silky and full of sheen and lustre, than daily brushing. The brush- ing must be tliorough and systematic. Night and morning from 5 to 10 niinutm attention in this dlrectiou should be given to the liair. The aotion Of the brush keeps both hair and scalp clean, pre vents the accumulation of dandruff, and altogether conduces to the health of the hair. At lca£t half bho sculp affections one hears Of arc due to in sufficiently brushing the hair. The skin gets into a morbid, relaxed state, the hair begin to fall off, and to become dull and lifeless in appearance, and recourse has to be had to stimulating lotions or omollicnt preparations U3 remedies. A moderately hard bncffi tfhouM (be used, with long bristles, which 6hauld be kept- pcrfoctly clean. Brush With long,' slow, steady strokes, and be cardful not to cntanglo the liair. If the scalp is . naturally very dry, a little pure vaseline oil may be gently rubbed into the skin of 'the head with the 'tips of the fingers twice a week. Seamstress.— They told me some time ago, at the Work Association, 'that there was a fair demand for children's smocked frocks, especially in the simpler kinds— smocked linen, "jumpers" and such like. The faucy for these things is sometimes stronger at one time than another, so I am not sure how it may be now. What I know for certain, however, is that the powers that be in the asso ciation have said repeatedly that they could al most guarantee constant employment to first rate white workers, and if you nave any skill in this matter you will certainly do well to send a speci men of your work to the association. It would be be Wer still if you >took it dn yourself and saw the manageress, 3 14 as Robertson. Do not take any thing too simple, but a good specimen of your work, and speak plainly about your circumstances and aboiit your need for assistance. Of course, I don't mean for an instant that they will give you work on the strength of these, but efforts are cer tainly made to help the niewt needful first if their work is Up to <the very good standard set by the association. The specimen of work is placed before tho committee at their next meeting, and if ap proved, you name is entored on the association books. On no account take up either of the other things vou mention as a means of earning a liveli hood. 'Everybody wants underclothing, but tho average mortal can get on quLte comfortably with out either drawn thread <or Mount Mellick work. Thank you for your remarks, I am only too pleased to help' you. Gaelic.— Tho eeoond paper answered you cor- rootly. The name is pronounced Bau, and is Scotch for John. Constant Reader. — There is no occasion to make tihe butter extra salt. Any you have deft over pack closely down into a crock and cover with a strong brine. To itedt the strength of the brine see if ft will float a iKto. If it does not do so at first, go on adding salt till it does. When you heave more butter to add, j>our ithe brino off the first lot and work the two lots of butter thoroughly together; then re-oover with the brine. Do this each time you have fresh butter to' add till the crock is full. The butter will be sweeter in little crocks. 2. Your second question is, 1 am afraid, a baker's secret. White of egg or custard is, how- over, frequently added. 3. A correspondent recent ly 6ent me a pot of extract of honey which lie, or she, sltrongilv recommends for the loir. Moore, Gee- long, is the address. The other preparation you mention is excellent. 'Daisy -Myrtle.— <An inexpensive oake may be made by creaming ('together) 4 a lb. of butter, 4 a lb. oi sugar, add the white and yolks of J egga well beaten, add aa much of self raising flour us required (to bring it to proper consistency, nnd lb. currants (or \ of a lb. of each, currants and sultanas).. J3eut wcll and bake m tolerably brisk oven. .Wien a knife thrust into the middle of the cake comes out clean it is done. Tins really well worked— the success is in tflie work; you must keep tliat in mind— cives a belter result than expensive recipes badly' worked.' B.M.D.— Boil tin - ounce ot hops in a quart ot water. Strain this;' while sliU scalding hot, over a paste made by mixing 3 tablespoonfuls ot flour, 2 ot sugar and J a tablcspoonful of salt, with a little water. Pour in the liquid by degrees, so as , to get the .paste properly dissolved. Uo.tle xvlien j lukewarm. Tie down the corks and jo)ve to | work in ti moderately warm place. A little old yeast or beer to give it a start may be added with advantage. 