Simplest Remedy. Sebmon oy Late Rev. 0. H. SrmiQKox. "With His stripes wo aro healod,— Isaloh lilt. 6. It is a great mercy for us who have to prouch, as woll us for you who havo to hear, that tho Gospel healing is so vory simple. Uur text describes it: " With His stripes we aro hoalcd." Those six words contain tho marrow of tho Gospol, and yot saorcoly ono of them contains a second syllable. Thoy are words for plain people, und iu thorn thera is no affectation of mystery ' of straining after tho profound. Tlmt is one reason why I try to doeluro tho Gospol to you in tho 'plainest pos- ei bio language, without any attempts wt oxool- lenoy of speech. I know it to bb the Gospel of God ; I know it will save you if you reccivo it: it has saved mo; it bus siived thousands moro. I bcsocoh you to reccivo it ; and I pray, that God's Holy Spirit, may, lead you so to do. ' 1\. Coming nt once to our text, we observe, first, that theso uro sad words, " With His stripcawo are healed," because thoy toll of our Lord's sufferings. " With His stripes we aro healed." I find that the word liero used is iu tho singuiur, and not us the translation would lead you to suppose. Tho use of a singular noun may havo beeu intended to sot forth that our Lord was as it worn reduced to :l mass of bruising, and was made ono groat bruise'. Our text alludes partly to the sufferings of His body, but much moro to the agonies of His soul. The body 'of our Lord uud Saviour was bruised. Scourging under fho Jewish law . J ways moderate ; thero was a pause made ht a point which moroy hud appointed. Thirty-nine stripes were all that could be given. But our Lord was not beaten according to tho Jewish law ; Ho was scourged by Pilute, uud the scourging of tlio Romans ivus peculiarly brutal. They stopped not at tho forty stripes save one, thoy sinoto at random, according to their own will. The Saviour endured u scourging which wus intended to be a substitute for deuth — "I will scourge Him und relenso Him," said Pilate— but instead of its being u substitute for death, it becmno a prelude to it. Probably most men would prefer to dio rather than to bo scourged after tho Roman fashion, and might be wiso in making such a choice. Sinews "of oxen wero inter twisted with knuckle bones of sboop, and theso wbro armed with shiaU slivers of bono, so tlmt every stroke gushed tlio flesh deeply, and caused fearful wounds und tour ings ; us suith tho prophet, " Tho ploughors mudc deep furrows." Our Saviour's back wus ploughed uud furrowed deeply in tho day of His scourging. Now you' may look ut tho person of Josus, your Substitute and Sacri fice, covered with livid bruises by human cruelty, and say, "With His stripes v.-e are healed." Bat you must not stop there, and think that flesh wounds wero ail His stripes, for our Lord boro inoro terriblo stripes in His soul." 'Ho was smitten in His liourt each day of His life. Ho lmd to suffer tho ills of providence. Being a man, Ho had sympathy with us in all those stripes which are the inheritance of Adam's sous ; Ho folt the stripes of poverty, stripes of weariness, stripes of sioknoss, stripes of heaviness, stripes of bereuvcinent ; above all others, He was a " Man of 'sorrows und acquainted with grief.", Ho had to run tho gauntlet of all muu'aind. Stripes fell upon our Saviour from all sorts of men, for every man's sin laid u stroke upon His shoulder. When Ha was hero on ourth, if Ho saw men sin, that smote Him ; if He heurti thorn speak a wrong word, that emote Him. Having sinned, wo have boon hardened by sin ; but Ho was puro and perfect, and it wus a bruiso to Him to come into contuot with sin. You know how His adversaries called Him a drunken nmu and a wiuobibbor ; : bow thoy said Ho, lmd a dovil, and was mud. Thus they wore all striking Him ; each man laying on iiis blow with nil his might. Worse than uil, Ho was wounded in the house of His friends. Was uriy blow equul to that which Jndns lay upon tlioso shoulders? Audnoxt to that, coulil anything surpass in pain the blows which Peter gave when ho said, " I know not the Man " ? There ' was a oruol process iu tho English Navy in which men wore mudo to run tho gauntlot ull along tho ship, with sudors on each ride, oaoh man being bound to'givu a stroke to the poor victim a3 ho ran aloug. Our Saviour's lifo was a run ning of tho gauntlot between His enemies and His friends, who ull struok Him, ono here and another thero. By tlioso stripos wo nro healed, Satan, , too, struck at Him. I think I seo tho arcli-iieiid usoond from tho pit with haste, and, lifting himself upon his dragon wings, conio forward to striko tho Saviour, during to in flict upon His soul tho accursed temptations of lioll. Ho sinoto Him in tho desort, and in tho garden, till beneath t'nut smiting great drops of blood crimsoned His face. But this was nothing, compared .with the faot tlmt Ho was smitten of God. Oil, wlflit a word is that 1 If God wero to lay His finger on any ono of us this morning, only His fiugor, wo should bo struck with sickness, purulysis — uyo, and death. Then think of God smit ing 1 God must smito sin wherever Ho sees it ; it is just that Ho should do so ; it is us much an esscntiul part of God's nature thut Ho should crush sin ns much as that Ho should love ; for, indeed, it is only lovo in anothor form thatinakos Him huto that which is evil. So whoit Ho saw our sin laid upon His Sou, He smote Him with the blows of a cruel One, till beneath that smiting 'His Son oried out, "My God, My God, why bust Thou forsaken Mo?" Ho was bearing in that moment all tho crushing blows of that great Bword of vungcanco of wbioh we read iu the prophots : "Awake, 0 Bivord, ugaiuBt My shepherd, and against the Man tlmt ' is My Fellow, suith tlio Lord." 2\. Next ; those nro glad words. " With His strjnes wo uro healed." Thoy uro glad words, first, because thoy speak of healing. " "Wo uro healed.' ' Understand tlioso words, 0 beloved, of thut virtual healing which was given you in the day when Jesus Christ died upon the cross. In the moment when Christ yielded up tho ghost, nil His elect might huvo said, and said with truth, "Wo uro healed "; fur from that moment thoir sins wero put away ; u full atonement wus mado for all tho chosen. Christ lmd laid down His lifo for His sheep; Ho had redeemed Hissaints froth among inou ; tlio ransom prico wus fully paid ; for sin a comploto oxpiation wus mudo ; tho redeemed woro clear. Let us this morning walk up uud down with perfoct pcnco anil confidoiice, for from tlio day when Jesus diod wo were perfectly clear before tlio judginont-seat of God. " With HiB stripes wo aro healed," or rather, "wo woro hoalcd," lor tho words aro in the pust in the original Hebfow. " With His stripes wo wbro hoalcd." My sins, they consed to be, eeuturlos ago ; my debts, my Saviour paid them before I was born, and nailed up thp receipted bill to His cress, and 1 can sco it there. Tho 'handwriting of ordinances that was contrary to us, Ho nailed it to His cross. I enn sea it, and while I roud tho long list of my sius— oh, how long ! what a roll it wantod to contuiu them !— yot I seo at tho bottom, "Tho blood of Josus Christ His Son cleanssth us ' from, all sin." It mattors not bow long that roll was; tho debt is all - discharged. I nm acquitted before God, and so is every bollever in Jusub. Every soul that rosts iu Josus was, at tho timo when Josus died, thero und' then absolved bbforo tho eacred judgmbut-seat. " Who ahull lay anything to tlio chargQ : of God's elect?" is a fit challenge to ring forth from tlio cqoBS whore ntonomont was finished. But, dour friends, thero is an uotuul application of tho great expiation to us whon by faith wo receive it individually, and it is that also which is intended hero. To aqnauy as havo believed in Jcbus, His stripos huvo given tho healing ot forgivonoss of sin, and, moreover, it 1ms oonqucred the deadly power of siu. Sin no longer hath dominion over thoih, for thoy are. not under the law, but under graeo. Nothing ever delivers a innti from tho power of sin liko u sight of- the suffering Saviour. I havo board of ii mail who had lived a dissolute life, who could never bo reohiiruod from it by aiiy means, but at last, when ho saw . his mothor eiokon, and die from griof at his ways, tlio thought that sho had died because of his sins touobed his heart, and mado him repent of .his ungodliness. If there was saoh efBciioy to cause repentance in tlmt form of suffering, much moro is thoro when wo como to see Jesus dio iu our stead. Then our heart molts with love to Him ; thon hatred of sin tukos possession of tho soul ; and tho reigning power of ovll is thorofore destroyed. Christ's stripos havo hoalcd us of all love of sin. Faith in the Oruoificd Ono has healed our eves ; onao they woro blind, for " whon wo saw Him, there wus no beauty that we should desire Him." Now, sinco wo have soon His stripes, wo soo ull beauties unite in His adorable person. I know, beloved, if you havo put your trust in tho sufferings of Josus, you think Him to ho tho most'prooious of beings, you soo a loveliness in Him whioh all heaven's angels could not rival. Tho stripes of Immauuel huvo also hoalod our hearts. "We hid, us it were, our. faces from Him ; Ho was despised, and wo esteemed. Him not," but now our hearts dolight in Him, and wo turn our faces towards Him as the flowers look to the sun. Wo wish that wo could seo Him face to faoa. Aud Ho has healed our feet, too, for thoy wero prono to evil ; note tho verso that follows our text, "All wo like shcop havo gone' astray; we havo turned ovory ono to liis own way." A sight of -His stripes has brought us baok ; and, ahurmod by tho disinterested lovo which Buffered in our Btead, wo follow tho great Bishop and Shepherd of our souls, and desire never again to wander from His commands. Ho forgivoth all our iniquities, Ho heulotli all our diseases. If you would be cured of any sin, howover spreading its infection, fly to Jesus's wounds. This.is the only way to bo rid of tho pulsy of foar, tho fovor of lust, tho soro bill ins of ro- uiovso, or tho leprosy of iniquity ; His stripes are tho only specific for transgression. I may be addressing somo who despair of boing saved. Behold Christ smarting in your stead, and you will never despair again. If Jesus bore the transgressors' punishment, there is evory room for hope. Peradventure your disease is love of tho world aud u four of num. You dure not become a Christian bo- ' cause men woqld luugh at you. If you could hear the scourges fall upon tho Saviour's baok, you would hoiiceiorth say, "Did He suffer thus for me ? I (will novor bo iisliumml of Him again " ; und iustcud of shunning tlio fight you would seek out tho thick ot the fray. " With His stripes we are healod." . It is u universal . medicine. There is no disease by which your soul can be uffiietcd, but un application of the blue bruises of your Lord will tuko out tho deadly virus from your soul. Do not toll mo that wo ought mainly to preach Christ eialtcd. I dolight to preach my Lard upou tho throne, but tho great remedy for ruined manhood is not Christ iu glory, but Christ iu sliumo and death. Wo kiinw soino who select Christ's second advent us their one grout theme, and wo would not silence theiu. The second coming is a glorious hopd for saints, but there is no hopo in it for sinners ; to thom tho coming of tho Lord is darkness and not light ; but Christ smitten for our sins ; thoro is tho star which breaks tho sinnor's mid night. I know if I preached Christ on the tlirono many proud hearts would havo Him ; but, oh, sirs, yo must huvo Christ on the cross before yo cnu know Him on the throne. Yo must how before tho Crucified, yo must trust u dying Saviour, or else, if yo pretend to honour Him by tlio glorios which are to come, yo do but belie Him, und yo know Him nut. To tho crosS ! to the cross 1 to the cross 1 write tliut upon tho sign-posts of the road to tho oity of refugo ! Fly there, yo guilty ouos, as to the only sanctuary for tho sinful. — g;- ! "Vr. 1 