CONCERT AT WARRACUL. IN &ID; OF BURNT-OUT SETTLERS. A GOOD FINANCIAL SUCCESS. On Thursday night last, a concert was held in the Warragul Public Hall in aid of those recently burnt out by the bush fire at the .Miszpah village settlement. Buln Bulm East. There was a very good response on the part of the public, and as there was little expense the net result will to about £15. The efforts were under the aus pices of the various friendly societi, s, the fire brigade and brass band of Warragul. Mr J. M. Steedman was appointed secretary, Mr H. V. Howell stage manager, and Mr A. C. Lewis rendered great service as chairman of the comnmittee. To these gentlemen particularly, much credit is due for the untiring energy they devoted to bring about the financial success of the undertaking, and in which respect it will be agreed that their efforts were not in rain, Prior to the concert, a torch light procession t ok place. It was intended that all the frien ily societies should appear in regalia, but only the Druids ware repres ntsd. Members of this order turned out in force, and in their flowing gowns and mysterious beards lent quite a novel trait to the proceedings. The procession was headed by the Warragul Brass Band, and their playing of inspiriting music was really fine. The Fire Brigade turned up almost to a man, and resi dents can now understand why they secured tile discipline prize at Geeloig, for each man apparently takes a pride in his appearance, and the military style in which they marched proved that they had been carefully drilled by Captiain Andcreou and the other offiers Altogether the turn-out was both novel an:d pleasing, and some brilliant lights of various colors lent a fine picturesque ness to. th s-ene. Mr H, J. Powell acted as mA.trshal, and the route taken was from the fire brigade station, up Queen-street, along Smith-street, into Albert-street, and thence to the hall, via Victoria-street. The management of the concert were unfortunate in that several of the lead ing vocalists of Warragul who had pro mised their services were unable from vario?us reasons to be present. How ever, the entertainment was one of the best ever produced by local Efforts, and the audience were thoroughly well pliased with the programme. The brass band (under the leadership of ,hr B. Jennings) gave two excellent pieces' during the evening-selections from " Maritana," and a collection of popular lively tunes under the title of "Sydney by Night." The playing was most favorably commented on, the improvement of the band being too marked to escape notice. Miss Powell was in excellent voice, and her two solos, "The Flight of Ages" and " Sunshine and. Rain," were loudly applauded. Mr Spencer, a recent arri val to the town, is an undoubted ac quisition, his singing of the comic songs " Benj ,min. Binus' Ghost" and " Close" being each emphatically encored. A similar compliment was accorded Mr H,Carty for a really clever skipping-rope dance. 1Mr Sims is always welcome, and his singing of "Jack's the boy" and the favorite "Tommy Atkins" were both popular items with the audience. Mr Rowan contributed tw, recitations " Lord Chatham on the American war," and an equally fine speech delivered in the British parliament on the Irish ques tion. Both were excellently and unerringly delivered, and much appre ciated by a large section of the audience. In Mr D. Brown the pro moters secured an entertainer of the highest order, and this gentleman, as an amateur, is unquestionably in the very first ranks. His com a sketch o' an Irish pa ty was a real treat, his imitation of the playing of various musical instruments being excep tionally good. His second number was a stump speech on the Temperance luestion, which caused roars of laugh ter from start to finish. The efforts of .MIr Brown were vociferously encored, and it is to be hoped that before long a Warragul audience miy be favored with a second visit from this talented performer. Mr Battiscombe executed a clever clog dance, and .lr A. Wal ker's character dance " Piecrot" had to be repeated. Mr J. Morrison gave a fiaished exhibition of club swinging, and one of Mr C. Mortimer's best violin solos was, needl-ss to remark, greeted switb an unmistakable encore. An ex cellent eveninig's amusement termina tod about it o'clock with the National Anthem, after several amateur firemen had gone through a grotesque drill by way of a finale. 