SIORrT STORIES. JOB'S RUSE. A New England winter scene-the hemlock forests all draped with er mine fringes of snow-the hills and* valleys white as if they were coated with pearl, while from the farm house chimneys in the gray thickets of leaf less mapies under the rocks a blue spiral of smoke went wreathing and curling up .into the steely January sly, and the sunset, reflected on the myriad, tiny window panes of the wes tern front made an orange sparkle of brightness that supplied the otherwise lacking element of colour to the frigid landscape. Farmer Westerbrook had just brought in an armful of snow-crusted logs from the wood pile at the north end of the house, throwing them down ,.o the ample stSie hearft with a noise like a small earthquake, when Sibyl Harrington started up. "Five o'clock! Oh, I hadn't an idea it was so late. I must be going." "Allow me to accompany you, Miss Harrington." "You ,will let me see you home, Sibyl?" Captain Meredith and Max Grossley both rose simultaneously, but Sibyl shook her head. "I would prefer to walk alone," she said gayly. "And about the sleighing party 'to morrow night?"' said iMax anxiously. "I-I have half promised Captain Meredith," said the village beauty, her long eyelashes drooping and a delicate shade of rose suffusing her cheek.' But Sibyl, I thought it was an undei~ stood matter between you and me three weeks ago." Max exclaimed with contracting brows. "Was it? I am sure I had forgotten it!" Max was silent. Captain. MIeredith's smooth, softly intoned voice filled up the silence. "I exact no promises," he said gal.. lantly; "but if I am not punctual to the hour and the spot Miss Harringtoh may draw her own conclusion." And Sibyl went out, her' light foot steps making a low, pleasant music on the brittle snow. She was very pretty, this gazelle eyed New England damsel, with big blue eyes turning to a limpid purple whenever she was in the least ex cited; hair short, hung in a golden fringe over her broad, low forehead, and the sweetest of rosy mouths, with three' sentinel dimples on cheeks and chin. Max Crossley had loved her since they were children together, and Captain Meredith, who had come down to pass the holidays with his cousins, the Westerbrooks, had been caught in the meshes of that bronze-gold hair and the interlacing network of the lashes that overhung the purple-blue eyes and had prolonged his visit into January. "Upon my word, she's a regular beauty," said the captain, staring through' the tiny window panes at the retreating footsteps of Miss Harring ton. 'Max Crossley looked quickly up at him, as if he would, have particularly liked to knock him over the andirons in among the logs; but perhaps he thought better of it, for he refrained from any such' demonstration. "A beauty," went on. the captain, "and it's a thousand pities she should be thrown away on any of the coun try bumpkins who vegetate among ,these wildernesses. Job, you young' 'villain, are those boots of mine blackened yet?" Farmer Westerbrook's hired boy, who had just come in to warm his em purpled" hands at the merry, red blaze, looked glum. "No, they ain't," said Job, brusquely. "Well, what's the reason?" "'Cause I ain't 'ad time." "See that you find time, then, and that quickly, too!" said the captain. And Job glowered after him as he went gayly up the stairs. "I just wish I had the servin' of him out," said Job, gloomily. "It's 'Job do this,' and 'Job do that,' and 'Job, where's the warm water?' and 'Job, what the deuce do you mean by lettin' my fire go out?' as if I was his bond slave, and not a red cent. has he guy me yet-no, nor as much as a plea sant word! I wonder if he means to stay hlere always." "Your:and I are equally partial to ),im, Job," said Max Crossley, laugh ing. "I heard him talking with' Miss Sibyl about ghoin' sleigh ridin' to-morrow night," 'siid Job shrewdly. "I should jes' like'to put Kicking Billy in the shafts, ID 'would, if. it waren't for Miss Sibyl. "He don't know nothin' about horses, :that . there militia cap'n don't." And Job chuckled. "I say,'. Mr.' Crossley," he resumed,. "why doli't you get beforehand with him? Miss Sibyl don't really care foT him-she's only dazzled' like." Max Crossley frowned slightly; honest Job was not exactly the kind of Ganymede he cared to have meddle with, his love affairs. "Miss Harrington must choose for herself, Job," he said, and Job went back to his work, secretly wond.ring how a young lady gifted with ordinary common sense could hesitate for a mo meet between the captain and Max Crossley. The next night came-a night of all nights propitious for sleighing expe ditions and rustic love making, the roads delightfully hard and well packed and a glorious full moon shin ing down .as whitely 'as if a rain of silver were deluging the whole world. "Couldn't be better weather!" said the captain., "Job, where are the sleighbells?" "Dunno," iquoth Job, indifferently. I "There's them old jinglers in the gar ret that used to belong to Deacon Joe Westerbrook that was in the revolu tionary war, and there's the two cow bells that Mary Ann might scour up with ashec-' S"Fshaw!" said the captain, "do you take me for Rip Van Winkle. There's a pretty little string somewhere, for I saw them when Mrs. Westerbrook went out the day before yesterday." "I hain't seen nothin' on 'em," said Job. "Come, come, don't make yourself out any stupider than you are by na ture, Job," said the farmer, laughing, nevertheless,. for the captain's airs and graces were fast wearing out his welcome, and he secretly sympathised with the much afflicted Job. "I guess they's out in the'barn chamber. You better.go with him, captain, if you ex :pect to find 'em--iour Job's dreadful 'thick-headed when he chooses to be." "Come. along, my fine fellow," said the captain, jocosely, collaring Job and marching him off in the direction of the old red barn under the hill. "We don't need any lanterni in this bright moonlight, that is one comfort." Old Billy, renowned for his kicking .qualifications, blinked sagely around at them from his stall, and Tom, the little gray pony, who was destined to figure in the cutter shafts that night, set up a low, friendly whinny as they entered the big, frosty fragrant.barn. "Where are the stairs?" demanded lic captain. "There ain't npne," said Job. "It's a ladder." "Up with you, then," said Meredith, But Job shrank steadfastly back. "I wouldn't for 50 dollars," said Job. "Old Michael Westerbrook hung him self from the middle beam 14 years ago, and folks say he stands up there with a rope around his neck every moonlight night." "Stuff and nonsense!" ejaculated the captain in *accents of supreme con tempt. "You great cowardly lout, stay where you are, then, and I'll go my self." I-o sprang nimbly up the rounds of the ladder, and disappeared, through 'the trap door. "Where is it?" he called. "The ghost? Right under the middle 'beam by the windy was the place where--" ' Blockhead! I me'an the string of 'bells." "Look for 'em yourself," said Job, sulkflig. "I don't know where they be, :and. what's more, I don't care." "I'll settle with you, my fine fel low, when I come down," said the cap tain, threateningly, as he groped about in the dim light which was ad mitted by a cobweb window at either end of the barn chamber. "Don't hurry yourself, cap'n,". re joined Job in a jeering mood.,. As the captain plunged into a dark corner, there was a jingle, and "the string of bells suspended from a nail hit him directly on the neck, so like the grasp of death-cold fingers that he could not but start. "Oh!" said the captain, 'nervously. "Here they are. Catch 'em, Job! Hallo! Where's the trap-door?" And it took the militia man fully 60 seconds er more to realise that the trap door was closed and fastened on the lower side. He rushed up to the window and threw it up, only to see Job speeding up the hill. "Hal-lo-o-oa!" yelled Captain Mere dith. "Ccme back, you scoundrel, you ill-conditioned lout! you imp of evil!" Job turned round and executed that peculiar gyration of the fingers in con nection with the nasal protuberance which is supposed to express the ex tremity of scorn. "You'll find the ladder on the barn floor, cap'n," hooted this young rebel. "And don't be afeard o' the ghost. It's very harmless if you let it alone!"' "But' Job, .Tob, come back. " I'm to be at Mr. Harrington's at half-past seven!" "Ddn't worry," hoarsely barled Job. "Miss Sibyl won't wait very loiig aford Mr. Max'll be on hand." The captain danced up and dbWn tIlhe barn floor in an ecstacy of rage as Job disappeared over the crest of the hill. There was no use calling for help. He knew very well that if he had pos sessed the lungs of Boreas he could not have made anyone hear. He sat shivering at the sound of Kicking Billy's feet among his snug bed of straw, and thinking how disagreeably a bar of moonlight which streamed down from a crack in the apex of the roof resembled a tall white figure standing under the centre beam. He could almost fancy the rope round its neck-pshaw! And the captain jumped up again, with starting dew on his temples, even in the freezing at mosphere of the barn chamber. What was to bB done? he asked him self. And Echo, if Echo had any common sense, would have answered "Just nothing at all." Job had out witted him. He might, and probably would "settle" with Job for the future, but for the present Job had manifestly the advantage of' him. And pretty Sibyl and Max Crossley, with his'red cutter and great chestnut horse! The captain executed an impromptu series of gymnastics in the hay as he reflec ted on all those things. "I won't wait another minute for him," said Sibyl Harriugton, colouring up with the tears in her blue eyes. "Go on, girls; I shall spend the evening at home." "There's plenty of room. for you, in our sleigh," coaxed her brother, a great, good-humoured athlete, with red whiskers and dimples like her. own. "Bessy Brown. will be glad to have you along." '"No -she will 'not, either,'" pouted, Sibyl. !'As if I were:going to spoil all her fun. No;.:- if;I can't have an es cort of my own I'll stay at' home and mend -stockings.. And I never-never will speak to Captain Meredith!" Hosea Harrington was just opening his mouth to argue the matter with his sister once more when the door opened, and in walked Max Crossley. Sibyl jumped up , radiantly; she never had been so glad to see honest Max in all her life before. "Not gone yet, Sibyl? Where is the captainm?" "I don't know," said Sibyl, tartly, "and I don't care. Am I Captain Meredith's keeper?" "Of course," said Max,"I can't expect to make myself as agreeable as the city captain, but-.-' "The. captain,, the captain," cried Sibyl,. a little irritably. "I'm sick of the sound of his name. I never want to see him again. What a nice cozy cutter this is, and how cozy 'the wolf robes are!" "Sibyl," whispered 'Max, as he touched up the horse, and: felt her nestling close to him, "is it for al ways?" "Yes, always," she answered. "Je-rusalem!" said Farmer Wester brook. It was past 10 o'clock at night, and the old gentleman had come out, as he always did the last thing before re tiring to rest, to see that Job had not set the barn on fire and that the dumb members of his family were all safe and comfortable. "I do believe that's old Mike Westerbrook's ghost come'to life again., poundin' like all possessed on the barn chamber floor." "It's me-e! It's me-e-e!" bawled the captain, forgetting all the nicer distinctions of grammar in his delight at::the: prospects of release; "unfasten the trap-door; 'let me out!" Slowly the farmer lifted the ladder and adjusted it in its place. .With rheumatic awkwardness hoe climbed the creaking grounds and undid the hook from its hasp. "How 'in all" creation came you here?", he demanded. "Why, I thought, you was out a-sleigh-ridin' ..with the. gals!" "It was all the doings of that vil lain, Job!" gasped the infuriated cap tain, his teeth chattering .with mingled rage and cold. "I won't stand this sort of thing. I'll leave the place to morrow." "As you please," said the farmer, to whom the prospect of losing his guest was hot altogether unpleasant. "I'm dreadful sorry this should have hap pened though, and I'll talk seriously to Job." "So will I," gnashed the captain, "I'll break every bone in his body." But Job, wiser in his generation, than the children of light, had taken parti cular care to go over to his grand mother's, six miles across the snowy fields, to spend the night, and the only person the captain saw was old Mrs. Westerbrook sitting by the kit chen fire. "You've lost jrour chance," said she, good humouredly. "Dorcas Smith has just gone by on her way home from the sleighing party, and she says Max Crossley brought Sibyl Harrington in his new cutter, and they're engaged." The'captain went home the next day according to programme, and Mrs. Max Crossley has never seen him since. And when the affair came off Job got a piece of wedding cake big enough to give him dyspepsia for a week. His First Thought.-First Tramp "WThat do yer t'ink of 'dis 'pure. beer' idea?" Second Tramp-"I wish dey'd jest make me one of de inspectors." A Bright Idea.--"George," she said in a low voice, "would you make a great sacrifice for my happiness?" "Certainly," he replied. "Would you give up smoking for my. sake?" "Give up smoking for your sake!" he repeated. Then after a silence he exclaimed hoarsely, "I ca'n refuse you nothing. I will give up smoking for your sake. Hereafter when I smoke it will be for my own sake." 