THE STORYTELLER. STORY OF HERBERT CARLE Br MARX MEEEDITH. The holidays were close at baud. We had been tramping through the middle "West since the early part of Sept einher with Colonel Dunstóu Brigg's Ali Star Metropolitan Vaudeville and Dramatic Combination. The combination aforesaid was made up, witli one exception, o£ tho typical stage people whom unkind fate annually dooms to play one night stands at "10,20 and 30 cents." The exception was Herbjrfc'-Carle, whose strange mnrder list Christmas Eve, was the climax o£ a inysterj which, no human mind will probably ever solve, j The tragedy is now made" public foi' the first time. Just why Calle should have become a u^ealbel, of a third vats dramatic com- pany was something we all wondered at. He waa a remarkably handsome mau, perhaps 35 years ,o£ age. His figure was tall and erect and his features pf a de-. cidedly patrician cast. His skin had the tan of a man who had travelled ! much, while Iiis eoul black hair was streaked with gray about the teal pies. It was the "expression' of -Ms piercing, deep set'eyes, however, which always arrested the attention of thejobserrei'. The eyes wera restless and constantly I shiftiuff, as if. on the alert for some ter- rible danger which was likely to mani- fest itself at any moment. That Carle was a man who had re- ceived remarkable éducation was jill we knew of lúa past. He could speak the Frauen, G-srinaa, Italiau, ? and Russian languages fluently, and be once confided to us that he had spent many years of his life itt the study of social and political economics. He tried hard - to be genial and com« panionable, and to overcome the nervous dread which seemed to have fastened it- self upon his soul. But the battle waa more of a failure than a success. ''?" j Actor folks are prettygood judges of character, and we would bavé sworn tb one thing, that Herbert Carle was not a fugitive from law and justice. That his heart had some awful secret we knew. That his career had been blighted by some ineident whoas after« math lie still dreaded was self-evident.; In fact. Carle, in his more sombre mo- ments, had vaguely fainted this. But we would have staked eur lives that he was not a. criminal, but, ot most, an inno- cent victimof souie circumstances over which be bad no control: He joined oui* compaUjy in a . Very pe- culiar way. We had been , working north-east toward Chicago, iii November, and playing to about as bad business as a company ever struck. One night we got into the little town of Braidwood, III., where we were booked for one show at the Opera House. Por the third con- secutive week the ghost failed to ma- terialise, and our star team refused to work, packed their trunks and left for Chicago by au early morning tram. "We managed to pilli off tba perfor- mance, after a fashion, but it was a desperate job. Short banded ' beyond the limit, as we now were, we saw the speedy eoU'ipse of the company. After the performance we strolled back to the so-called hotel Attracted -by sounds of boisterous applause, our manager, Briggs, and a. few of us sauntered into the dingy bar room. Here we encountered an interesting spec- tacle. TUB place was jammed with roughly clad workers in. the railway, company's coal mine, which kept the town going. At one end of the room, under a big, old-fashioned oil lamp, a man was giving a unique exhibition in cloy modelling. He had rigged np à rough ease!, suppor- ting a large oblong board, to which . clang a mass of moist yellow clay. The modeller would select eome "face in the audience, aud reproduce it iii cloy with, grotesque characteristics, which draw forth shrieks of laughter. Presently the impromptu entercaino ment came to an end. The modeller passed around hts bat; the crowd re« warded his efforts with a couple of dol* lars and dispersed. " One moment, old chap," said Man- " ager Briggs, as the modeller was about to withdraw, " Step up to tue bar hera and have something. That's a mighty neat specialty, by tue way, you do. I had no idea we bad a viral attraction in town to-night." "Oh,so you are some of the thea- trical gentleman playing at the Opera House ?" obserred the modellor, politely, and with a music's! libbie lau ch. " I sim sure I can hardly 'faß regarded "as a ri ral. I'm merely a wandering exile with a somewhat abnormal stock ot . attainments to earn a little money with : which to keep myself going:" . ' *Inke travelling?^: aákea Sriggfl^^r" 'áffer thinking barafor ritóoment. . "Far .from it¡" replied, theaa'odeller: with a supressed sigh. ' 41 Well why dp yon travel-hare to P" said Briggs testily. ?'Yes-and again no," retorted the modeller, somewhat coldly. "Now look here, old chap," cried our manager/'don't niisunderstaud me. I'm not trying to put jon to a legal WOBS ezamination, or to find out just why you're wandering through .tilts .ungodly country all by yomlonely. fm trying to talk straight business to yon. My name is Dunstan Briggs. Fm manager Of thin troupe. I bad a little troubW with some of my people hereto day, and I-er-hád'to let jem go. I like that little specialty of yours, and I'm willing to put you into the business. I think you'd make a go. Ton Ve got something new, and we could bill it- ks & refined turn for.the ladieB""änd " children - see P My company giTes the people both vaudeville and drama. We open with an olio, and-wind up with a 6hort dra- matic sketch. Some people wont staud for vaudeville, but want drama and vice versa. We play both ends of the game, and catch everybody. Besides doing your clay modelling turn you could {day something in the sketch, after a ittle coaching. Oh, don't expostulate. I .can see talent in your get up.r' " Why, you're *a regular Vincent Crummies, laughed the modeller, "and your trying to make a Nicholas Nickleby in real life. I suppose you gentlemen are all familiar with these characters in . Charles Dickeu'e great novel P At all events,'Mr. Briggs, I accept your offer, and I'll-try my best to come up to your expectations. . ? ."Of course, added oui' manager, ; apologetically, " there's not much money ¿££;.Í:I»¿.^ ñofr,^,Bntr jpoü'llieev^^ ?<>/c,;bB;ohthego*^ .. .. : ¿J7:" : ; v^at'j? ^usi* what . J wánV' 'replied; ¿ fr: ^e mogeUei!, ¿\vho ^as now introduced ^^.^?'«'ii-IÄ^Ä'-' ^V..-. c-"~ . -f'-r" :ï|i'this^^way:43srle"'hecame a member r^«uX^)wnp'a^v--'.:\ < . ? - i '.'.'' ; -:3Btoï,'ibe ne^:;few' weeks we knocked about, Northern Illinois,. awaiting that ! '/blessed date^í3bri6tnias eTe-r- when we ] would open ¿or a week stand at the G-- Music Hall in Chicago. . Carle, besides making quite a hit with his clay modelling specialty, bad de ?eloped remarkable histrionic talents. ? He now played leads in the short dramatic etetehes which wound up om* performances, Moreover, he had been j pressed into service os the company's Slaywright. When Briggs found that is protege was a French scholar the wily manager remembered that he had a big batch of French stage manuscript in the bottom of his trunk. They were Parisian successes; and all susceptible of local adaptation. Carle went to work upon them 5?|th much success. ; Another; interesting thing happened in this, brief period. Little Lottie May ton, of our company, became deeply smitten with Carle, and we could see that her affections-vere returned two* . ' fold . Lottie was one of those good, pure, tender hearted girls of the stage whom . all "the woïld, «avcastically, terms a soubrette.. .y;- ; A straggle for. a livelihood from her tí> earliest :.^years ajad taught her eelf íiy.; TOÍianceífjfn4 Jue, intrinsic value of ; < good womauhopS. ; "-Two 4%B=. bef01» Christmas eve we Êot into Chicago to rest a bit for our oliday «pening.. Manager Briggs bad announced that our dramatic sketch for the week would be A Blow for Liberty, ¿" Fíench ; translation; treating of a Nihilistic plet in St.; Petersburg. Carle had already put it in rehearsal. . " The G^-^'MUBÏC Hall," commented Manager Briggs, "is a cheap joint patronised by foreigners. So we'll give them a little foreign bloodshed." The night before Christmas eve I was Bitting in my room in the cheap Clark street hotel in which our company was quartered, when there came a light tap at the ¿oor. I Baid "Come in," ana Herbeii 'Carle, stem faced and stealthy, entered. He looked more nervous than évêivwMcVîs. eftjipg good deal: Clos- ing and locliiug the door, he sat down «n the side of the bed and looked at me ; steadily"for moment. .. , ^ 1 " J am^i^j'sura Í can trust you," %ere .bis first words. . "Yon certainly can, Carle," I ans- wered heartily, "You're a good fellow and I like you. " If you are in trouble tell m e all about it. " " T am going to be married to-morrow nf ternoon to Lottie Mayton, and---" "Why, what you want is joyous, congratulation, and not sombre adricé," ... 2 said. ;,? She4s marrying me for myself,". he went oh,':without seeming to/aote my *r ïnterinpjtion, ?'.marrying..meialthough shë thinks I M a poor," friendless vrandereiv But ! am not." He paused a moment and watched »y face keealy. "I suppose you people have put me down for & very strange and mysterious individual," 'he " went on; .. with a sad smile. "Now, wjjat will you say when I tell you that instead of being a penniless «rile I am the owner of an estate on \- Che outskirts .of London, . England, . valued at £200,000 sterling, and bave i an income of. £50,000 sterling per j annum.P" , . ,V " Now, look ;3iere, Carle," I retorted .?f.. "with a tingé'ôf anger in my voice. "I Ci ^öw ^oüBi^ sfa-änge and erratic being, ^^ays acting ns ' if ,ybù.'werë afraid^ ^s^j^Sà^'^^^B^isii jab' a J knife itt; . ^ourbäck, .but if you talk this way I p:f--0iäi? ^hclMe-you baye gone plump' ^'p-pW^y^ë^jf^^^v you are trying r to. jolly me for soméinex^h'cáwle reason. Ybii looked . as 'you. swore a ^landed . - English gentleman when we nicked you ñpat'Brald^ood;"; ^; . \- - - 'i " What.Isay, though, is gospel truth," ''¿pf ;x^'j£¿át^éj;:firínly; ,../' A " T|ién way don fcyou connect yourself ^ï/^ffi,yon¥\\-4nSf]Ç';! was my first strictly i.; American .query. . ? ' S v. . "I want io tell you a brief story in] ; the strictest confidence," he said slowly. I fp "X want your ° advice and assistance. ; Before my 51eti 'birthday I was left ah I ^LáÜw..a» .....""JKCL.Ä/5:_. orphan and the heir to the property I hare described! My ambition in life was to soire the problem of social, econ- omy, and go down to posterity as a man who, in his. day, bad done much to al- ienate human distress and suffering.' ' I travelled much to study social conditions in the various European countries. In due, time I reached Russia. My aim was to find out what Nihilism was doing for the people. To study Nihilism it was necessary for me to join the order. I did BO, and, as a wealthy young Englishman, \ was admitted into the innermost circles of the propaganda. In due time I was selected, by ballot, to assist in the consummation of a certain plot, and was assigned to an important station. I discovered that what I was about to participate in was foul murder, audi flea from St. Petereburg on the day I should bave been at my post! My absence caused the collapse of the plot, and the arrest and execution of thirteen of the conspirators. I remained in biding on the Continent, but was always tracked ' by the Nihilists, through the letters of remittance forwarded me, even under assumed names, by my solicitors. '. Pour "times. ?',-." did I nari'owly'esbape Vassiissiñátióh. -AThese Nihilists are b|po'dhounds-they -'are -devils:; \ They bayetheiripies.even iii the Cazar's'..househplöT. My only - p'ëiièct. safety lay in cutting off absolutely all oommunctions with my friends and iny solicitors, and flyiug to America tp lead a roving life. Tnis-I have been doing for the last 18 years. Once a year I mail to my solictors the one line, 'Alive and well.' Then, when I bave mailed it at some point I hurriedly take the road, and am hund- reds of miles away before it reaches London." "It seems to nie," I said, "that you are taking of lot of unnecessary trouble to steer clear of. these gentry." " No, no," he cried, excitedly. " I could-tell you of incidents which would make you marvel. Toa doa'fc know these people or their far-reaching influence.. At all events I have now determined to get hold of my property for the sake of my little wife. My idea is to try and dispose of evervthingiu England, and get the cash sent to this country. I have thought out a plan, and we will talk it over to-moiTow night after the perform- ance." He. rose to go. " By the way," lie added, suddenly, as if seized by an inspiration, " write down the name of my solicitors, 'Cregg. and Gregg,'No.'49 Lincoln Inn Fields, Lon : don.' -Now you have my life in your hands. That name and address would identify ino os the" man every Nihilistin the world is searching for." Next morning Herbert Carle and Lottie Mayton were made mah and wife intbe vestry of a near by church. . The. groom gave bis name as Aubrey Manton, of London, England. ^ . . After, the ceremony, at which I .officiated as best mau, I hurried to the 6 ---Music Hall, where I had a little duty ' to perform. The programme , announced that. our dramatic sketch, A Blow'for Liberty, would be produced with unparalleled scenic effects and cast and to fulfil thepublic's expectational had been delegated by Manager Briggs to j hire IO "supers." ¡ I did so hurriedly, gave them one J rehearsal, and returned to my hotel. I Christmas ere came, and with it a. crowd that packed the'G-- Music Hall from "pit to dome. Our olio was duly applauded, and then came the feature of the performance-the dramatic sketch, A Blow for Liberty. » . The stage was set for the interior of a French chateau, and Adrian Pofcskiai, of the Third Section, Russian Imperial Police, as played by Herbert Carle, made bis appearance. All went well until the climax of the sketch, when the supers were to rush on in a body, made up as Nihilists, to stab Potskim, and then rash off again at the sound bf the door bell, runef by Potskim's sweetheart. I was standing in the wings at the time and gave the signal for their entrance. On they rushed, surrounded Carle and . went through the pantomime-of stabbing bim. Then the door bell raiig, and they disappeared through the sundry exits. Carle was lying prone upon the stage as his sweetheart, played by Lottie j Mayton, dashed on. At the sight of ! him she gave a wild shriek and cried j Eiteously, "Some one quick - help ! ' elp!" ? ? --^j -Bealtsing that something was" wi-ong I " .rang'idown the curtain and ran t©' where Carle lay. ' "" "j He was: '8b3né'.|;4e^\\.^Ú'"'^''jd9g^J plunged into bis breast,^^i»'%e hilt. On the handle was stamped, in English lettering: "Made for the traitor.". I ordered the stage door locked and lined up the "supers."' One had disappeared; # # .-.'#' * * The proprietor of the G-Music. Hall didn't want to have it known that murder bad been committed on his stage, and having influence with the police, the matter was hushed up. The report was made public that in the scuffle with the \- " supers," Carle bad accidenfcly stabbed i himself. I was probably the only "person who rightly guessed what had happened. The Nihilists bad caged their victim at last!' # * # » # To-day there resides in a luxurious apartment house in New Toik City a pretty young woman who mourns con- stantly, but never speaks of the terrible tragedy which deprived ber of her hus- band within a few hours pf the marriage ceremony. Sbe is known SB Mrs. Aubrey Manton. The enormous income left her by ber husband ehe practically spends in charity. A few remember ber as little Lottie if ayton, the soubrette of Manager I Briggs's AU Star Metropolitan Vaude ' ville and Dramatic Combination.-Neto York Clipper. 