Dying Nations How Empire is Affected by the Climate. A nation (according to tho Daily Mail) only lives a few thousand years. Look at the great notions of 4000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Peru, Assyria, aro all doad and bunod. China is only stayiug alive to save funeral expenses. Tho noxt generation of nations includod Romo and Grooco, and these aro liko galvanisod ghosts. Tho third coneratiou. the Turks. Mon™. firm™. ar'ls, Moguls, Dutch, and Scandinavians are alivo, but havo lost their power. From this you will see that tho nations in hot countries die and stay dead. Tho nations of cold countries rise, become great, fail, lose their outlying dominions, and yet stay alive. This is bocause the land does not lapse into jungle liko Ceylon and Yucatau, or change into desert like Assyria and Egypt, but remains fertile, provid ing plenty of food. Now to apply these facts. Great Britain, ths United States, Japan, and Germany aro gaining in population, wealth, arid power, but the British empire is extending moro rapidly than any other of them. Compare her with Franco, for instance. A couple of centuries ago, when France owned most of North America, and was founding a vast empire in India, Paris was bigger than London, and was the capital of the civilised world. To-day Paris has 2,500,000 people, and is the capital of the arts and fashion. But London has 5,000,000 souls, and has taken the place of Paris as metropolis of tho world. The British Empire is growing, t-nditwill keep on growing along tho linos of least resistance. At the present rate tho whole land surface of the planet will bo absorbod by tho year 2349 A.D. But as Greater Britain grows it comes into closer contact with tho boundaries of the United States, Russia, and Germany. Even if we could, we have no wish to swallow these or any other decently-governed countnea. The United States, Russia, Germany, and Japan are playing the same game. Tho British Empire is nearly as large as tho four combined. As England does not wish to conquer the well governed countries, the areaopeu to annexation may be diminished by half. In that case all tho world will be properly governed by the year So in 113 years Jrom the present time tho British Empire must stop spreading for lack of room on the planer. Even then it will grow in wealth and population, but meanwhile theso little islands are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel the weakness of age, and bo no longer able to fight for our possessions ; our colonies may be out adrift from us ; tho con quered countries like India may revolt. If all this should happen, as politicans of a pessimistic temperament are already predicting, it would only be a case of history repeating itself. How long will that bet Well, Rome rose in 400 years, as we did, and took a thousand years to decline. Our Empire is infinitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than the Roman. Suppose we say 1500 years before tho Little England party wins a general election, and Little England is a second-class Power, and she was in tho daj s of Henry VIII. 