THE RIFLE ASSOCIATION AND THE GOVERNMENT. PRESENT CONDITIONS AS TO RIFLE MATCHES. MILITARY VERSUS RECRUIT FIRING. "The old order changclb." The controversy now proceeding between the council of the New South Wales Rifle Association on the one hand, and the military authorities on the other, as to tho constitution of the association and the conditions uiiiiti n li iv. u iib vDiii Lions are 10 uu lai i mu uin, shows this. First, tho military authorities threw down tho gage of battle — that was done some time ago — and tho Rille Association promptly picked it up. The cause of the trouble, at its present stage, is the conditions uudcr which rifle meetings are conducted, and tho case as put forward by the military is to bo found set out in a letter written by the Under-Secretary for Finance and Trade to the secretary of the New South "Wales Rifle Asso ciation on December 5 last, enclosing certain re commendations made by tho officer commanding the military forces of the colony as to the condi tions under which tlio rifle associations receiving Government aid should in future bo entitled to perticipato in that aid. This letter was considered at a meeting of the association ou the evening of December 29, ami the letter, with its enclosures, also the resolution passed by the Rifle Association in answer to it, were published in our issue of Decem ber 30. In the remarks passed in connection with the resolution of tho Rifle Association it was de clared that though the association might go down, It would go down fighting, and the resolution It self states bluntly that the proposals of the Gene ral commanding are altogether unsuitable, and likely to damage, if not entirely annihilate, the Rifle Association. Some of the terms proposed by tho General commanding might, no doubt, bo modified, but the attitude taken up concerning them by the Riflo Association is one of undis guised hostility, and savors more of war to the knife than a desire to discuss the matter in a calm spirit, with a view to arriving at a common ground of action which would bo satisfactory to all con cerned. The responsibility for the Interference must, however, be taken by the association thein- sc-lvesj. If they had attempted to keep paco with modern conditions there would have been no cause of complaint. Later events, however, tend to .show that those responsible for the administra tion aro beginning to recognise the necessity for falling In with national requirements, even though they may suffer persona! disadvantage. To arrive at a right understanding of the matter, it may be as well to go down to first principles. The conditions under which rifle contests are car ried out at the various meetings are what military authorities call of tlio elementary kind — the rifle man is allowed to take deliberate aim at a large square target, and then to deliver his fire. He has also a number of adventitious aids to good shooting— paints with which .to color his rifle sight, so as to nullify, or at least neutralise, tho effect of varying conditions of light; a.ventoraetcr, with which he can mark now lines upon his wea pon, so as to make allowanco for the strength of tho wind; a mathematically correct instrument to give tho requisite elevation for distance; and a number of other smaller contrivances which a soldier In the field or a man In the bush In pursuit of kangaroo or wallaby would never think of employing. Theso assistants make a "crack" target shot, but do not in any way improve his shooting in the field. It 1ms, In fact, been found that the slow aimer refuses almost invariably to compote in rapid firing matches, because bo knows that constant practice in the former not only avails him nothing in the latter, but even unfit him for the change. Military authorities agree that slow aiming is advisable in teaching recruits tho use of the rifle, but they deny its applicability when a man has become proficient in this portion of his training, and has to use the weapon under rough-and-tumble conditions which have to be observed, for instance, in war time, or even in the bush where the object is to bring down a wallaby or a kangaroo which can hop from rock to rock and disturb the average of the best shot. Tbo military authorities, in a word, say that tho crack marksman takes his aim under conditions which would be well enough in the case of a recruit, who has yet to learn the capabili ties of tho weapon with which lie is armed, but that after he has got over the adolescent stage ho ought to put the things he has learned into prac tice, and learn to take aim at the object he wishes to hit with more celerity, and be ready to make a flying shot with fair precision. There appears to have been somo misapprehension on the part of tho Riflo Association as to what Is meant by tho military. They seem to have imbibed the idea that tlie General and those holding with him ob ject to individual firing. Tills 4s not so. The military authorities desire that individual firing should not bo restricted, as It is in nineteen- twentieths of the matches, to tho lying down'posi- tlon, taking slow aim, at a known range, at a sta- tioi ary black and white target. They contend that that kind of shooting pertains rightly to in struction -in the use of the rifle, that it tends to render men more sure as to the extreme accuracy of the weapon with which they are armed, and that after they have become proficient in that kind of shooting they should be encouraged to aim at a small or life-sized body at an unknown ells- tar co in any position suitable to the occasion, standing and kneeling, as well as lying down, and, moreover, to aim and fire as rapidly as pos sible. From tbo military point of view, it is better to train a man to shoot kangaroos in tho hush than to confine liis training to the Randwlck range within the limits prescribed. Slow aiming, they say, is good in its place; that placo Is for young shots, and only for them until they are able to take the more dlfllcult kind of shooting. As regards collec tive firing, or firing by men in squads, there Is this much to be said— it is one or tho military maxims of the present day that, in a state of war, the natural tendency of men is to fire wildly. Rudyard Kipling, in ono of his stories, brings this into prominence. I-Ie sketches the behaviour of a raw corps in its first engagement with a hill tribe, and shows how they expended most of their ammunition before they came within range of the enemy, pretty, much on the principle that In olden times, when ghosts were known to haunt churchyards, people passing through them after dark whistled to keep up their courage. The raw corps fired becauso tho noise aided them in keeping up their pluck. When, however, the enemy charged them, thoy were driven backhand It was not until they wero driven within the zone of tho moro veteran troops' fire that they were able to stand. The stand was then made becauso tho enemy was otherwise engaged. In every war slnco the Franco- German war of 1S70 it has been found that the natural tendency of troops is to expend vnst quantities of ammuni tion in wild firing, and that this, when once he- gun, is difficult to control. Every endeavor is now made, by peace organisation and training, to accustom men to fire by word of command, until they become so habituated to it that it be comes, so to speak, second nature. What are called flro groups of from 15 to 30 men — a number that can be controlled by the voice of one ofll- cor — are formed, and these men fire only when commanded so to do. The military authorities wish this method of firing to be moro generally practised, as a matter of fire discipline. Lord Wolseley, in a speech at Brighton a few weeks ago, referred to the comparative value of collective as compared wilh individual firing. Tho "Broad Arrow," in tlio latest issue which lias arrived in this colony, makes special reference to this. It says: — "Tho comparative value of good individual as compared with good collective marksmanship is a ratio very much unappreciated by volunteers as a rule. Their adjutants can tell how often tbo former has acted to tho detriment, and In many cases to the total neglect of tho latter and more important re sult. It is not too much to say that 'fine indi vidual shooting is of little or no assistance to effective volley firing." . . The reason is not far to seek. Thero is, as most commanders know well, a psychological moment in which, and in which only, the command "flro" can be given to ensure maximum results from tho volley. In tho case of a body of second-rate shots, with no finicking ideas of their own, this fleeting moment of readiness is now arrived at, perceived, and automatically taken advantage of. On the other hand, a number of first-class marksmen, each with his own foibles of aiming, poising, etc., are seldom all ready at the same instant. Even if tho volley is delivered together, many of tho men at tho moment of firing will have been too intent on questions of wind, light, and all tho minutiae of match shooting to have had their sight levelled plumb on tho mark. They aro caught unprepared, and in. rifle shooting a had man ready is better than a crack caught napping. . . If so, there Is all tho less excuse for the pot-hunting which has too often sickened all keen men who have had to do with them. Under modern conditions of warfare, a crack "pool" winner is almost useless to his country, whero- as an accurate company volley may change the fortunes of a battle. Aroluntecrs are ex officio patriotic. Let them have their "pools" and "pots" for the unromuneratlve, but far moro use ful practice of volley firing." There is, however, another question — why should the military authorities wisli to take any part in rille matches or to govern the little Asso ciation in matters of this nature? The law of this colony is that riflemen shall form reservists, or tlie men necessary to bring thn military force of Urn colony up to i ta full establishment In time of need. It is for this reason that tho subsidy is given to the Riflo Association. Riflemen tiring under tho old conditions will bo just as ineffective in tho field as raw recruits, becauso the mem bers of an attacking force will not stand still to be shot at, and tho man who cannot dispense with appendages to bis weapon before lie can de liver his fire might as well bo without his weapon, unless he is ensconced somewhere whero the enemy has no suspicion of his presence. The Blsley meeting in England has been cited as one whero tho present conditions governing tho rifle matches of the colouy aro observed. The mon firing at Blsley, however, are independent of Government aid; theirs i« to ail iutents and purposes a privato organisation, aud they have the right of making their own conditions. Our I Rifle Association was founded as an adjunct of tho defence forco of the colony, the men compos ing it might reasonably bo expected and should bo prepared to bo called out for service if tbo occasion arises, and the Government desire tbat they shall as far as possible be accustomed to firing under the conditions which they would have to adopt In case of real work In the field. For that reason they wish it to be placed within the reach, monetarily speaking, of every volun teer of the colony to join the Rifle Association, and to enter for its competitions. A military rifle match was held at the conclusion of the last Easter encampment, and very good results wcro achieved. The aim now is to have a set of matches in which the slow, deliberate aim should be only subsidiary to the military condition; tbat, instead of the men being required to fire at a fixed target at a known distance, they should be asked to fire at something representing tho enemy, who will bo liable to disappear, and that the given number of shots should be delivered in a certain number of seconds. He would bavo his riflo, as issued to him. The verniers for screwing tho sight up to mathematical ac curacy in regard to the range would bo absent; tbo ventometer for enabling the , shooter to aim at the bull's eye from a line drawn on bis back sight graduated to allow for possible windage, would be left at home; and the rifleman, aiming to hit something directly in front of him while the wind Is blowing across the line of fire, "would have to aim to the right or left of the object which ho wishes to strike, and to guess what he would have to allow for the force of tlio wind deflecting tho missile in its flight. Those are the things which the military authorities want the riflemen of the colony to be taught to rely on. As things aro at present, the riflemen rely on mechanical aids to natural intelligence, while those same aids, though excellent in them selves, are out of the question, because under tbo varying conditions of service they would bo impossible and absurd. 