AN ACROBATIC BURGLAR. "How.ilo you do It?" askeil the. examining niagililrntPi.curio'lisly, as lie was questioning a iuisiiiiei nyho hmrheen brought to lilni. Tlie inan,.ilellgliteil tit having a rfresli opjiortunliy of lilsplajing ills skill; trailed the ofileiul to a lltt le liicluro iiy wiiy of preface, and tlieii, suiting tlie bction' to, the '.wonl, ellmheil up the \valls;of the ' ehamher in which- ihey iin'il been seated,- logellieri'ulduiv, jumped ilowii from . the highest . points, which lie,; could reach, bounded over chalrs-niid tables, and was engaged in turning ii-iimgiiificcnl som'cr; sniilt. when the mitnlripnl giuirds ktntlniieil 111 tlie passage outside darted hi to the .rescue; 1 nnder the . Impression, derived from W lie noise n nil confusion, that, the worthy Juge iTiiisl ructlrin was '.being' . murdered outright. 'The police lind laid lliplr work cut out for men. in' the capture; id" Uils queer Tuilivldmil, who, not snt isllcil with liisieurulngH III. the triple '.rale of n clown, uu: "Hereule," nnd a professor of .'gymnastics— on. he. styled hlni- self proudly— had utilised Ids athletic' pro wess in a series of exlrno'rilinnry burglaries, over ..-.which his ''unlucky 'victims lind not exactly: known -.whether to laugh or cry, so comical was llie niiiiiiier In. which they were perputruU'il. 'J'hiis,, oh: one occasion, a res'- pcctalile eltlzeir and- his' wife, -well endowed Willi llils world's goods, were aroused from their slumbers- ;iii: tlicv small hours of the morning fu behold n shnily phnnloni steiillng softly , nbuut tliiilr room; The ghost, how ever, suddenly, recalled Its .substantial' reality by seizing the lady's Jewellery, wlilcli was lying about, as well as some of licr husband's hn nk notes,, which were also in convenient, proximity to the, trinkets, nud wlien a move was made In Its direct Ion; the' Window was opened; and otit It ' Jumped, sustaining no hurt as It alighted on the pnreiuent. On tin- other occusloii a balcony, bad been sealed with like felonious purpose. . Sometimes tills odd burglar descended from it roof or a chim ney on to Ills prey. Sometimes, again, he called street lamps' Into requisition, mid swung himself luto open windows with tholr assistance: On the eventful. day of Ills enp- ture no fewer tliuii 10 policemen had been posted round the house- which he hud entered uiibidden.'while some of tlicir comrades pro ceeded In search of. him. , Finding that he was about to bp rhught on the second story from the ground, (lie man. treated his pur suers to n mocking laugh, and; jumping out of one of the windows, would .have escaped lint for the fact that lie hud reckoned without Ills hosts, and: so alighted In' tlie midst of n group of agents of tho'kjwe-whoiligil to baud- cuff and bind .lilni fofctJvith, as he "wo.uld In evitably have HlliipVkKi-froni their grasp. Sueli is the strange intilvliUinl In wliose.'iiioile of ,0ierntlon tlipf exii'inlntiig ninglstrnte 'exhi bited so much !IntpVesfe',7Rfiii!eiislni'(j have to bo/takeqfpKyetninlng'hlih' In'eus! toily. ; ;CnrofuI , wqvCfe iandjvqiril,,.nrt|1t'eiit round his cell, In fbi«-j)ijnges',''pUd lKA(he street,- its, there Is no- slliyjirgVJitif-wld form Ills renmrknlilo activity iiiuy. not assume, mid now that they have caught hint, the officials fully Intend lo hold him fast. 