Wesleyan Christian Convention. At the Parramatta Wesleynn District Synod it was decided to hold three Conventions tor the deepening of spiritual life, to be presided over by the Chairman of the Dint riot, the Rev J. Ifi. Cnrruthers, nud in which ministers of tho district and laymen should assist. Tho second of these came off on Tuesday and Wednesday last, in the Wesleyan Church, Penrith, and was a groat success. The interest in the movement was sustained throughout, the sessions well atiended, tbe addresses thoughtful and instructive, and a general testimony of appreciation evoked nil round. The ministers taking part were . RevB W. H. Beale (of Ryde), J Hopkins (of Liverpool), Q Thompson (>f Camden), A Swift (of Windsor), and IS King (of Penrith) ; Mensrs W U McLulland (of Homebu<h), Hacking (of Granville), Bean an-1 Bowden (of Parramatta), Stanton and Mashman (of Penrith), with others, took part. Tbe following bill of fare was pre sented FIRST DAY. 3.15 p.m.—Inaugural sermon.' Our" Ever Living Head,' by the Chairman ; Lord's Supper at close. 7 p.m.—Interval meeting ; praise and prayer ; Rev K King. 7.30 p.m.—Topic, ' Pentecost(1) Promise, 'Ye shall receive powerActs i, 8 ; Rev \V H Beale. (2) Prayer,' With one accord in one place Acta ii, 1 ; Rev J Hopkins. (8) Power, ' All filled with the Holy Ghost'; Acts ii, 4 ; Kov G Thompson. . SECOND DAY. 10.30 a.m.—Conference on District Movpment in connection with Century Commemoration Fund. 3.15 p.m.—Bible Reading by Rev W H Beale, and open Conference 'on ' Qualifications for Christian Service,' 7 p.m.—Interval meeting; praise and prayer ; Rev 1£ King, 7.30 p.m.—Convention of Leaders, Local Preach ers, Stewards, Sunday School Workers, Christian Endeavourore, &c.; Topio : ' Witnessing and Work ing.' ' And ye shall be witnesses unto Me.' Acts i, 8 : (1) 'n the home and town, ' In Jerusalem'; Mr \V H McClelland. (2) In the Church and World,1 In Judea and Samaria'; Rev G Thompson. (3) To the heathen at home and abroad ; Evange listic WnrV. 'And tn tUo uttermost part* of . the earth Rev J Hopkins. Consecration service: Address by Mr P J Hooking. A tea was provided in the Sohool Hall, from 5 to 6.30 p.m., and opportunity given for social inter course, and a collection.at each evening session for expenses was taken np. 