Tlio Federal Capital. MEETING OF BATHURST OITIZENS. WISE AND LIBERAL COUN SELS. READILY ACCEPTED. One of the largest meetings that have yet been held in Bathurst to consider a public question took place in the School of Arts Hall last night. The assem blage, which was very representative, included a large number of ladles. The Mayor (Mr. F. B. Kenny) was in the chair, and there were also on tbe platform : Bishops Byrne and Camidge, Revs. Dean Marriott md A. J. Webb, Drs.. Machattie and Hurst, Hon. F. B. Suttor, Hon. E. Webb, and Messrs. W, H. Paul, W. H. Webb, G. E. Machattie, J. Rutherford, D. F. W. Veness, J. Simmons, G. Williams, W, M. Bissull, and W. Lee. The Chairman read the following letter from Mr. John Meagher, ?jenr., letters of apology for absence from Rev. E. H. Lea. and Mr. A. G. Thompson, and also verbally apologised for the absence of Mr. J. Boyd ' Kilraeh House, Bathurst. '16th Feb. 16th, '99. 'To His Worship the Mayor.': ' My dear Sir, — I should wish to be able to take part in your meeting this evening to urge the olaims of Baiburst as the .Federal Capital, but through ill oess am prevented. We all'need be as 'iberal as we can and should Bathnrst be selected as the Federal City, I will have much pleasure in contributing £300 for purchasing land or for any other purpose required. Hoping your meeting will bi a great success, as I am sure it will be, I am, yours faithfully, — John Meagher.' The Chairman, in speaking of tbe objects of the meeting, said he had already given an expression of his opinion on the matter when thanking the ratepayers recently for having again returned him as alderman and he hoped that they would be accepted. In bringing forward the claims of Bathurst as the site for the Federal city he apprehended they would have a severe fight and he hoped for-the best results for their efforts. He then called upon tbe Rt. Rev. Dr. Camidge to move the following resolu tion :? — '? Ihat this public meeting of citizens is of the opinion that the Bath urst district is eminently suitable as tbe site for the Federal city.' His Lordship, on rising to move the resolution, was received with hearty ap plause, He said that be had very great pleasure in moving the resolution, al though he might say at tbe same time he would rather it was either a little- more definite or a little more indefinite. He would have pre ferred that the resolution referred de finitely either to Bathurst or to the western district as containing the site for the Federal capital, so that a large number of those who were especially interested in the matter might co-operate with them. Tbe real fight would not be on behalf of one particular place or locality, but it would be between the southern and wsBtern railway lines. In his opinion the southern line was a comparatively small one as far as the future was con cerned. Just then the southern line came largely into prominence because it con nected so closely the two great capitals — Sydney and Melbourne. What they wanted tbe Federal Parliament to con sider was not what was a great thing then but what would be the great thing in the future, end he maintained most strongly that tbe great line of tbe future was the western, which went to the centre of Australia. Vt^hat line was it that paid the largest dividend 7 Was it not tbe western line, and this simply be oause it was fed on all sides of the country. The southern line on the other hand had comparatively small feeding on the left, the largest feeding being on the right, whereas tbe western line gained its strength from al! parts. His Lordship drew atteni ion to a map that had recently been published showing the capabilities of certain routes, and said that some time ago he had urged his friends to endeavor to have a similar map drawn in order to show tbe position andgreat capa bilities of the western lino for +he fnture On viewing a map of this sort it would be seen that with a few railway extensions all the various parts of Australia would be closely connected. A central point of such cinn--.- l!oa would be in the western district, particularly in the neighbombood of Bathurst, Blayney, or Orange, and therrfore be apprehended that their business was to fight on behalf of tbe western line. Trey must remember that he was a citizen of Batburst and he looked upon it as the particularly suitable place for the Federal City. (Applouse). Personally he was absolutely disinterested as ho was not a property owner. That being the case he thought he would be considered a fairly impartial advocate. There were certain things which came before tbem in connection. with the Federal Oapital. There was the question of climate, and Bathurst had an exceptionally beautiful one. This spplied equally to other places on the western line. On tbe occasion of his visit, Rev. Mr. Smith Baid Batburaf reminded him more of the most beautiful city in the world, Damascus, than any other place be bad been in. Then there was the question of fortification, about which they had no doubt read* a good deal. Tbe people of the southern line said they could easily fortify, but he maintained they could not do so under tbe cost of many millions, whereas it would only cost thousands to fortify BatburBt, Mr. Barton had said that for tbe Federal City o place naturally fortified must be selected, which Bathurst was. They had also a great ad vantage which tbe sonthern line did not possess — it was said that there should be erected a beautiful Federal Capital which would bo on example to tbe future generation. Thus thoy would want toereot it of marble, and where would they fiDd more splendid marble tbpq iq the looalitf, This- would be a great saving to the Federal Parliament, for instead of having to go great distances for suitable marble they could find it at their doors. He could not help thinking that there was something of foresight on the part of Governor Macquarie when ho placed the city of Bathurst right out upon the risingisun, as it indicated that there was apt tojjbe a great city there in tbe future, and Bathurst was not' to look back upon the setting sun but Tather forward to the rising sun. They mast remember that Bathurst was selected as a city in the very year of the victory of Waterloo, and he ventured to hope that they then had their Waterloo before them and that by and bye they would prove themselves victorious in winning. But if tbey found it was impossible to securc Batburst as the particular site for the Federal city he hoped they would then amalgamate with those from other towns of the western dis trict, and fight with a united front., determined to make the Federal Parlia ment clearly understood that they wanted the Federal capital to be placed more or less in tne centre of Australia. He then concluded, hoping that the resolu tion would be carried. Tbe Hon. E. Webb, in seconding tke resolution, also dealt with the climatic advnntages of Bathurst. In dealhg withe comparative distances of Bttiburs'. with Goulburn and othur sites, be said that although Goulburn was 46 miles ueare' the Vicrorian border, it would be a mero bagaielie if a faat traiu service was put on on the Harden-Blayney line, [f the lina from Quirindi to Wellington were -constructed, tbe journey to Bathurst from the northernmost part of Queens land would be 456 miles. 168 mileB less than if they had to go to Goulourn. As far as South Australia was con cerned if tbe line was constructed between Cobar and the South Aus tralian border the distance would only be abDut 500 miles and Goulburn would be some 60 miles further. When tbe railway syBtem was complete Bathurst wonld be the most central place for the capital. Tbe speaker deal1; slightly with the rivers question and theiprobable diffi culties that would arise, were the capital established in Aibury, in the settlement by the inter-States Commission of any dispute that might arise over the waters of the Murray. His Lordship Bishop Byrne said that he was thoroughly in accord with the proposer and seconder of the resolution but he could not sgree with everything that fell from the lips of his Lordship Dr. Camidge. Living in Bathurst longer than that gentleman, be was going to say be loved it as much, cer tainly no man loved Bathurst more than be did (applause) and if he had any power over the gentlemen who would decide the question of where the Federal City was to be, Bathuist would certainly be tbe capital. (Applause), It would take a considerable time yet before any one decided it— at least two years -'but it was coming and be was delighted to see it. He thought that the Federation of these colonies was far more important than tho locality as to where tho Federal capital was to be. The commercial pros perty of every colony would be immensely advanced tbe very moment Federation was established. - They must look at the question from a practical poiut of view. A little while ago they were not so cer tain that the capital was to be in New South Wales, but by the ability of their worthy leader in Parliament it was eventually decided to have it in this colony. After this it was decided that the territory must be Federal, cover ing an extent of ten miles square, and one hundred miles from Sydney. thought it was better to secure new territory for tbe establishment of the city and lay out a beautiful one like Washington. By selling tbe lots tbey would be able to build up the palatial buildings that would be required for government of the Commonwealth. He did not think there was any possibility of Batburst being purchasud for tbat purpose as he did not know how many hundreds of thousands of pounds would be required for the purpose. But if any city was to be selected he hoped it would he Bithurst. But if not, and 10 miles ot forest land were required tbey must get it in the western district, and in order tor them to do so ft would not do for them to act as the people of Bom bala and Yass had done, and Bay that the capital must be in Bathurst. He thought tbe resolution ought to be amended so as to secure the co operation of all western towns in having the city placed in the western district. He moved, as an amendment, that tbe word ' W ?jAom ' be inserted in place of ?' Batbui'st.' Dr. Machattie, in a lengthy speech, outlined tbe many advantages held by Batburst over other cities both as re regards oentrality and superior olimatic conditions, He illustrated bis argu ments by the aid of a map and demon ? strated the n-iny advantages possessed as regards rut. . fiy accessibility in a clever and understandable manner. Mr, W. H. Paul !:i'iefly supported the motion. He hoped tii :t the citizens of Bathurst would be ananiwous in pushing forward their clains. The Very R.y. Dean Harriott said that the arguments used by the previous speakers seemed to him to be illogical and not cJ 'lated to bring about what he consid vd the meeting desired. If it was their opinion that tbe capital would come to Batburst, if it came anywhere in the western dis trict, he thought they should advocate its olaims straight oat. Ho did not think that thero was any place more suitable, and if they advo cated tbe placing of tbe capital in the western district, and felt sure it wou'd come to Batburst by so doing, it was an argument tbat they should simply flay, Bathurst and Bathurst, district only. The proposer and seconder having agreed to the amendment, it was incor porated with the motion and carried Unanimously. Hi? Lordship Bishop Byrne then moved the following resolution : 'Tbat in order to give effect to the foregoing resolution the following constitute an ? Executive Oommittee : His Worship the Mayor, Dr. Machattie, Very Rev. Dean Marriott, Rev. A. J. Webb, Messrs. A. G. Thompson, W. H. Paul, W. H. , Webb, J. Simmons, E. Williams, Dr. Hurst, G. S. White, J, Meogber, G. H. MacDoogal, G. Whoian, Hon. E. Webb, J, Rutherford, G, Thompson, R. Lett her, J. Boyd, G. E. Machattie, W. C. Kelk, H. O. Beavis.' Hon. F. B, Suttor seconded the reso lution, and took occasion to refer to the many claims held by Bathurst for the Federal city. He considered that her claims were also heightened by the foot that it was in Bathurst that the pulse of Federal feeling was set beating at the Convention held a few years ago. He also spoke of the great provision that - oould be made on short notice for tbe housing of the Federal Parliament suggesting the utilising of the Court House for that purpose, one Chamber for the House of Representatives and the other for the Senate. He also spoke of the desirability of having faster train services between Harden and Blayney, and Sydney and Bachur*t. Tbe Rev. A. J. Webb in a few brief remarks moved ' That subscription lists for providing tbe necessary funds be now opened.' Dr. Hurst seconded and urged that quick action be taken in the matter of asserting the claims of Batburst. Unless tbey went at it shoulder to shoulder :they would not have a ghost of a cbance of securing their desire. He trusted that none of them would take upon tbem the part of carping critics, but would do all i hey could to further their object. Tbe resolution was then unanimously carried. Dr. Machattie then stated that there was a Bum of £180 promised, without Mr, Meagher's offer. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meeting. 