Short Story. With the Summer. A Prairie Sketch. oj.iArr.Eit i. Rlu- loved him dearly. For three years hat! Mima boon parted from her lover, Aiii-k ; but to-day a missive has been i-arriod across the wild prairies bring in;r tho inos.sa.ee to her longing heart : ?' With the suinmor, darling, I will coiue airain.' I Ah, how ?lad was the little 'prairie I flower' wlu-u .she learned the message ! How full of joy was her heart when *ho ivad the words penned- by a Land so sweetly familiar ! To the pure heart of Muiia it seemed as though the whole world liad suddenly dawned with civaier bright ness just to make her \ happy, while all life's dreary shadows were banished for ever from mortal i vii-w. 'With the summer, with the sum mer '' c-;ho sang as she strewed the -rain for the poultry in the yard. 'With 'the summer!' she trilled in light iiH-Vily to her pet pony while he nibbled from her hand the daily titbit which «ho brought to him. All the joys that human mind could conjure up. all the :si --pi\s of life's future happiness, seemed suddenly to have be com e concentrated on that one word '.summer-time.' ?? I wonder if he will think that I have ?rroatly changed T s\\\c said to her Father as they sat together one evening lieiieath the rustic veranda which sur roumVd rhe hou.se. ' Perhaps, when he returns, he will rhink but little of his |V -prairie llower' after having lived so long among all the fair belles of London.' | S - Never fear, lassie.' replied the old I '? m;ui. eazing at his 'beautiful daughter I V with a look of mingled love and ad f 'v miration. ' Never fear. Alick is a sen ». sfble boy. and he knows full well that ' although he may see many a prettier 1 face in his wanderings, he will never I I riml a more loving heart than that of I ' my little girl.' I : - Thank you. dad !' laughed Mona, I ; lightly kissing her father's aged cheek. I ' ' I'.nt. you know, every person does not I '?* .-ee me with your eyes, for remember I ,'!] tjvit. your love often blinds your vision I :j 4»u least when your daughter is con ? ?( '???nuvd.' And so saying Mona tripped I J lightly away to attend to some of the I ''''? innumerable little duties -which fell to I ' i!n- lot of a housekeeper on the prairies. i Thus the weeks went past, and the I months were left far behind in the I Mvarifious clutches of old Father Time ; I Inn the maiden was glad, for she knew ? that with the Hooting hours the time I was ever drawing nearer when two I hands and rwo hearts would meet; I nover to part again on earth. OIIA-rTEU II. It is a still evening about the end of Augu.sH. Sitting alone in the little parlour of Iiockview are old Robert Lee and his daughter Mona. The sum mer has passed quickly by, and now they are hourly expecting to see in the doorway the form of one for whose advent' they wait with Tout little patience. » I'ntil the dusk had fallen Mona had \i been reading aloud to her father, over %.f\ whom rhe fedblenoss of old age was ipiickly creeping, and now that she is 'J no lon'eer able to read the words the I book has fallen idly from her bands, whilst, her thoughts wander into that fairyland of day-dreams so dear to the time of girlhood. tFor some time the father and daugh h sat silently together, when of a ulden they were roused from their reverie by the long-drawn, melancholy whine of a coyote, the district at that time being somewhat troubled by wolves of that species. It so happened that on this evening all the ranchmen were absent from home ' rounding up,' and as Mr. Lee heard the wolves draw ing nearer to his homestead he became concerned for tho safety of some young stock which were running loose in the ravine at the head of which the house was built ?? I wish some of the boys had re mained behind.' he said with anxiety. ?If those annuals take it into their jeads to come down into the ravine lhey will leave us with but few of our calves by the morning. If I could only ;o out myself I would soon make short '? 'iv-rk of them : but I feel too -weak to l .Ve now. It is hard to know that you ?'? ir.-- getting too old to do that which a rear ago was mere play.' ' Let rue go. dad !' exclaimed Mona, jumping from her seat with alacrity. ' May I ? You know the coyotes are \ cowards when near a house, and if I J take the rifle they will probably go away as fast as they came : besides, I j -would like to get a wolf skin to sho-w Alick— when he comes— so do let me go. daddy!' ?When the reader remembers that in J The olden days, as now. many of the I prairie-bred girls were able to handle j a Winchester' with as great effect as I many a bearded sportsman, he will I neither be surprised at Mona's request I nor at the old man's confidence in the I abilities of his daughter. I - Well, well.' ho replied, feeling rc I lioved aT any suggestion for the safety I of his young stock, ' I suppose it can do I no harm if you do go, but take care of I yourself, lassie ; go no farther than the I garden fence, and come back as soon as I you .sec that all is right. Perhaps some I of the boys will be in from the * round I up* soon, and then they can look after I matters liiemselves.' I So. taking down the Winchester from I the wall and putting a few cartridges I into the magazine. 'Mona slipped quietly I int-o rhe garden, forgetting her hat in I her excitement, and hoping for an ap 1 -mrnmity to level her rifle at one of I those dituurlwrs of the peace, and .so I add perhaps another to her already long I list of achievements which had won for h(!r a widespread reputation as a niarks woman. Jf ? v CHAPTER III. :' When Alick Norwood arrived at the stage rerminus he found that it was : -ilivartv early in the evening, so instead * --f delaying 'ar the small inn— dignified * by the name of ' Rocky Greek Hotel'— lie decided to walk the familiar three : iuih-.s which Jay between that house and Mr. Lee's ranch. Tiif evening was all that could be .; desired for the walk, for the air was soft and fragrant with perfume from the many wild (lowers ; the trees and shrulis were clothed in their richest gar ments, and the innumerable songbirds wore just warbling their last evening hymn as they retired .to their leafy Jlmmes fur tho night. Aliin- ??„,. wil-wirn road the young *nau strodo. and as lie u eared the borders of lUc Lee estate hb= steps un consciously quickened and his heart beat with eagerness as his mind dwelt on the happiness which would soon be his. The pathway to the farmhouse , takes a sharp turn towards the hillside, and as Alick entered the ravine, at the top of which -was situated the house ; he sought, it was just light enough to | see one's footsteps and just dark j enough to render indistinct such ob- I jeets as were not directly at hand. The road leading to the garden was steep, and as Alick reached the incline his pace slackened, and a strange temerity seemed to steal over his usually fearless spirits. ' I wonder if she will be as glad to see me now as she used to be in the olden days,' he murmured to himself. ' I almost wish I could meet her alone before going into the house. I have it !' he exclaimed suddenly as a bright thought breaks upon his mind. Then acting on the impulse of the moment Alick crouched behind a small maple shrub and uttered a faint cry in imita tion of a. coyote's whine, such as he used to make use of when announcing his presence in the days when his be trothal to iMona was a secret known only to themselves. Again and again he repeated the cry, and the hills and trees taking up the sound echoed and re- echoed it until one might have sup posed that the ravine was swarming with wild animals. Slowly he creeps up the road, whining gently at every step, each moment ex pecting to hear a cry from the house and see his loved one rushing down the hill to meet his embrace ; when sud denly— before he has time to utter a word, a figure rises out of the darkness before him ; a sharp click of a rifle is heard— a bright flame leaps forward, lighting up the gloom for a second— a wild scream of agony pierces the air, and Aliok Norwood falls to the ground, pierced through the lungs with a rifle bullet ! It is now many years since this in cident took place. Old Robert Lee still lingers in this life, though soon to leave it, and by his side sits the ghost of the former ?'?pjraiifie flower,' Mona. The once golden locks are silver, and the rosy cheeks are blanched an ashy ?whiteness ; the bright eyes are sunk and listless, while a smile of silent re signation rests on the face that was once so full of light ami animation. Happily the past to her is all a blank, but as you enter at the door a flash of expectation seems to light up the sad features, a light which quickly fades when she sees the incomer. Then with a stifled sob, to hear which makes one's heart bleed, the once lovely Mona turns to a tattered letter which she holds in her hand and sighs, ' With the summer, with the summer he will come again !' -€. F. Argyll Saxby. 