Her Royal Highness. By MRS. 0. N. WILLIAMSON, nf "T adv Mary of the Dark House," "The Secret of the Pearls." /v.hor Daay „ . „ "The Barnstormers," etc. 4 Man from the BaiK, >"<= cvXQPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS. T.Vn his L dred among bis 22" unoV jsrvs Lodge in the ossc'ssed a ledge there jiunwn that his urointr « the nature of and lie was curio xiio grandmother his business i with th e Ku ig. » eas o£ andnFulobdetern3iEed to go to that TLii-gar. , goJve hQ meaDing of his country ana try . „ llifi wanderings in Tl'ungaria he conies across a castle surrounded f iroad rive;' deep chasms, and unsurmount- « Irnifs At night he believes he sees a face d river, and jumps In. but finds no one. At 1 ;nn at PresmarK he makes a bet with two jdiii'Srtan officere that be will ponetratc the raslle It is occupied, it appears, by the Pnn- c,-R5 Floria, who had married Rupert of Thun- girla, heir to the throne. CHAPTER V.— (Continued.) Some such thought passed through the young man's mind, and made him smile, for his errand was not likely to begin or end with a kiss. He came as an intruder, a disturbed of the peace, and once again he felt ashamed. Viewed from within Finsterberg no longer menaced, and, de- fied, but despite its sleepy silence, smiled humanly in happy ignorance of prying eyes. It was not on guard, and Fulke was put in the false position of taking It at a disadvantage— of striking an enemy when the enemy had wreathed his sword with flowers. Still, he was here, and it would be ig nominious to turn back. Fulke deter mined to walk into the courtyard and knock at the door of greatest signific ance and size. , He went in. There were a couple of imposing doors at opposite sides of the courtyard and there were other smaller ones. Of the large doors the nearer of the two stood slightly open. It led Into a stone-paved hall. Fulke raised his hand to knock, then dropped it again. What use to knock if he meant to ask for the Princess? He would only be refused— perhaps with insult. The question was: Did he mean to see her Royal Highness, or was he willing to sacrifice that end after all he had already gone through to attain it? He remembered the smile of mockery on the face that had looked up at him from the enchanted mirrors of the lake. He remembered his wetting, and he thought of that chamois-leap he had just taken. Yes, he would see the Princess: He had transgressed the bounds of convention ality, even of good taste, already, and a man might as well, according to an old proverb, be hanged for killing a sheep as a lamb. He looked into the hall. It was bare and co.G, with sentinel suits of armour, grasping quaint lamps in mailed hands, stationed on either side of a spacious E aiEcase of stone. A huge carved chest, with silver rings for handles stood umJer . jish window. On the stone walls were f' and the antlers, of great deer, a j T,mily Portraits in 'tarnished frames . and. above all, banners whose " K,\ery £tam and tatter seemed to tell a El0r.v of the past. -ifrf0 "'alked in and seated himself in chau' »ke a throne that faced the cnmS Sta,ircase' " Perhaps she will he thought- "I£ she does I wo shaii and thous'h the chances are a ciri" notf have many words together S"ScL?" be <moEh rr the Ex'aetlh!!!,.?"3 cllair for a long time. hid negWt0 1 he did not know. fr he v !ake out his watcb at E5e'Hed so /oa- seIdom had minutes Passing onoB «US as did these slowly fierce, sensnm '1G bad studied all the ia the barihr . 01 stclid German faces Duike tm "palnted portraits. ttepfrate1"156"1' then at hove there's \ t, y Jove! 1 hegin to be- Place eseen't , alive about the tllEr6 in the oo'? montonous birds out ani" hjs breati yard'" lle ejaculated, lf nobody co .'T wil1 knock after all, own heads ? heir blood be on their 1 fln4 fiomethinn.SWear 111 exPlore until : , s or someone worth find- i acl«sedrfct ThUle dr and Pounded with' 1 rith the souTnhde eniPty hall echoed »v« JnJ hw blows, and the ' ,yre' that was an mre loudIy than rn3y.asks nie-h'atthe f Ulke' "If any" i oS !Tde to lok for on! " I Urd00rs kd off the hall. He opened one, and looked into a library, well stocked with books, in quaint bindings, and with busts of German and Thunga- rian poets or philosophers staring down at him from the topmost black oak shelves. Another room was sparsely fur nished, though its walls were covered with pictures, and the place was dominated by an ancient dais, with throne-like chairs. A third room was nondescript, save for its ancient tapestries, but all were un occupied. Close to the last door seven or eight steps descended into a long, narrow corridor, unlighted by any window, and ending in the distance with so curious and vague an indefiniteness of purplish dark ness, that Fulke was pricked to curiosity. He went down the steps, and walked slowly along the passage, until he saw that the purple dimness at the further end, which had raised his wonder, was due to a curtain of velvet falling from ceiling to floor in dense, pansy-colored folds. There was enough of the boy still left in Lord Fulke to remind him of the Arabian Nights and the adventures of the Seven Calendars, who were eaoh blind of one eye. "I'm as curious as a woman," he thought: "but I will know what's be hind this curtain if I die for it." He lifted the portiere, heavily wadded and lined with silk, to see that which stirred the first flickering blaze of his curiosity into a vivid flame. CHAPTER VI.—' WHAT LAY BEHIND THE CURTAIN. It was a door, set back a foot or two be yond the curtain, but a door most un usual in material and construction, re sembling a large screen of steel. So pol ished was the surface, that Fulke could see himself reflected as in a mirror faint ly dimmed with moisture. This door did not swing shut or open in the ordinary manner: it was made to elide, and pos sessed an intricate-looking lock on either side. It was not now fastened, however, for an experimental push sent it noise lessly sliding in a groove along the wall. The "heavy velvet curtain which he had pressed back with one hand, dropped down behind him, completely shutting' out the faint light of the corridor, and he found himself, (though exploring fingers proved that the doorway opened upon vacancy) staring blankly into the dark. Groping ahead he touched only empti ness; his foot slipped over the edge of a step and he pitched helplessly forward, unable to save himself in time to prevent a fall. His stumble had landed him upon hands and knees almost without a sound, for from under outstretched fingers and palms arose the soft thick fur of a rug. Fulke picked himself up, thankful that such impenetrable gloom had veiled his awkwardness, and, searching his pockets for the small gold matchbox he usually carried, his eyes were dazzled by a sud den flare of light. On a distant wall which he stood facing glimmered a iarge square of whiteness, on which the pale radiance was concen trated. The light was accompanied by a whirring, clicking noise. Across the il luminated square passed the semblance of a man's figure flecked with countless tiny spangles that came and went, like sparks of electricity. After an instant of bewilderment Lord Fulke realised that ha was witnessing the operation of a bio- graph, and also that he was not alone in the darkness. Amazed, half-incredulous, he stood still, watching the strange proceedings at the further end of the room. The figure on the lighted screen was life-size, and had been photographed from a man in the uniform of a Tliungarian officer— a man past his youth, but of extraordinary per sonal beauty. For a moment this presentment stood alone on the platform of a railway station while a crowd, controlled by a- policeman, blocked the background. Then he was joined by three elderly men, who greet ed him with ceremony, one of their num ber walking in advance. The central figure with a princely air beckoned an attendant. There was a further exchange of courtesies. The first man and one ot her stepped into a smart landau with liveried servants, the crowd drew nearer, meiTwaved their hats, women held up their children, the handsome man in the carriage and his older, less striking com panion, howed and smiled acknowledg ments, the landau drove off, the throng filling in the space where it had been, and —the picture vanished like a bubble that has burst. j A moment of darkness and silence, and : the same performance was repeated. ! Again the tall, soldierly man arrived, was welcomed and departed ; then the square of light disappeared once more, while out of the gloom came a sigh and a soft, silken rustling. I Fulke stood motionless, absolutely lost to all consciousness of self, and as blind to the duty of making his presence known to the unseen one as if he had in truded upon a revel of ghosts. The rustling, like the stir of fallen leaves in the wind of autumn, continued for a moment, then ceased— to end in an other surprise for the stranger who watched and listened. Again the white rays flashed, but this time in another dir ection. Electric lights, so shaded as only to illumine one spot, lit up with dazzling lustre a strange object of crystal and gold. Fulke's first impression was that a block of glittering ice rose from a slab of ebony; but in the fraction of a second he had devined the grim reality. He was gazing at a glass coffin, sup ported on a black-draped bier; its trans parent, gold-bound sides revealing (as if they had formed a crystal case to dis play a jewel) the body of a man, ly ing on his back, his hands crossed upon a breast covered with sparkling orders and decorations. Fulke could trace the clear- cut cameo of -the profile, the dark line of brow, and the lashes fringing a closed eyelid. The man might have been asleep, save for the marble pallor of the splendid face, which was the same he had seen in the moving photograph. Suddenly, a horror of himself and his Intrusion upon such a scene as this over whelmed Lord Fulke, and a cold moisture broke out upon liis forehead. How vile he had been to come here! yet being here how was he to escape. I-Ie had seen no one, but he had heard the rustling of a woman's dress, he had heard a woman's sigh; and now, for a single instant, a vague shadow was darkly silhouetted against the illumined glass. These strange, mad rites which he had witness ed, were tributes of respect to a dead man, from a woman who had passionate ly loved him, and in whom solitude had fostered eccentricity. Fulke felt that he would rather cut off his right hand than let this woman know how a stranger's curious eyes had profaned her astonishing devotions; yet in the dark he had lost the sense of direction. While groping for the steps down which he had fallen, and the open door way, so completely darkened by the wad ded folds of velvet, he wasalmostcertain to stumble and make his presence known by some inadvertent noise. Nevertheless, bis present situation had become intolerable. He turned, fancied a faint seam of greyish light stitched up on the woof of black, and had taken the first step to prove it real, when the sound of a voice caused him involuntarily to pause. The voice was not that of a wo man, but a man, and the tones were peculiarly metallic. "My dearest, it is good to be able to speak to you from a distance, bridging over so many miles," were the words that reached Fulke's ears. "I think that this experiment of ours bids fair to be a success. It was like your clever ness, my beautiful one, to have suggest ed it. I shall be looking forward with eagerness to Monday, when I may hope for the. first message from your lips. How much better than a letter could be! I shall hear the very accents of the sweet- est voice that any woman ever had Fulke heard no more, for he shut out the sounds by pressing his fingers over his ears. He was listening to a phono graph which had recorded tender noth ings uttered by a lover, and he cursed himself heartily for his unwarrantable meddling. Had his hands been free, he would have used them in groping his way to the door. As it was, he only learnt that the ray of light had existed alone in his imagination, by coming into sharp collision with some unseen object. It fell rolled across the soft rug upon which he had lately dropped, reached a hard sur face of floor, and broke with a clear tin gle of china or glass. A startled exclamation followed like an echo, and instantaneously the room was flooded with electric light. Fulke stood fast, facing his own shame, like a caught criminal. CHAPTER VII.— HER ROYAL HIGH NESS. He felt, rather than saw, all that the ; light revealed— a spacious domed room ; that was chapel, and theatre, and mau- j soleum in one. There was the screen across which the lifelike figures had moved . and played their parts; there was the | mechanism of the biograph, with its j great lantern, darkened now; there, the . long glass coffin, on a pedestal draped: with black; there, a table with a phono graph, trumpet-mouthed, the record 1 cylinder on top. These things were j clearly visible now, and yet, in Fulke's ' eyes, they merely formed the background j for a slender woman's face and form — a . woman who stood confronting him like a young tigress in defence of her cubs. "What a woman! No need for Fulke to ! ask himself if this were her Royal High ness; she would have been royal in a beg gar's rags. In the soft contour of her perfect face, with its long, violet eyes and frame of ebon hair, in the slimness of her figure, which was taller than the wont of women, she was still a girl, but the poise of the white throat, and the fire that flashed from under the heavy, curling lashes, were a queen's. For an instant, the man forgot the Ignominy of his situation in worship of the woman's beauty, but her look recalled it; and he would have flung ten years of his future as a sop to Destiny if he could have met her, uncompromised and un abashed. A woman of milder spirit would have started, and perhaps cried out at sight of a stranger, unexpectedly discovered in the place which was her holy of holies. But not so Floria, Prigcess of Bernau- Dainburg. Color spread upward over the -lily pallor of her cheeks; color, vivid as the rose-hue in a child's finger- tips when- held . before the light. But she gazed at Fulke in silence which told of scorn, not fear. Never in his twenty-eight years had a fault of his brought such punishment ; and he had no defence to make. If he had been more guilty, he would, it may be, have acted with more savoir faire ; but now, in a confused desire to explain that' which admitted of no explanation, he began to stammer something, in school boy fashion, only to be cut short at the first word. "Do not dare to speak— go!" said the Princess, in German; and pointed to the door. Her contempt stung like a whip-iasli. I "I will go, madam, when I have asked your pardon for my mistake, my " He rushed into speech, but she broke in, tearing his excuses in half as if they had been rags which she flung off in loathing. "Mistake!" she echoed. "Are you fool as well as coward, that you expect me to believe that? Do I not know how those cattle down there at Presmark — those j swine of Ulrich's, wallow grunting at my | gates, rioting for some hole by which they ' can enter to spy upon me— me, who should have been their queen? Well, you have succeeded beyond your fellows; you have seen the secret of Finsterberg, and now you can go baok satisfied, to the mud from which you came. You can tell your companions there how Rupert of Bernau-Dainburg's widow Keeps his memory alive and sacred, until the day when his murderers be brought to justice. And you can add that that day is sure— as sure as their guilt, and death." "I will not go with such words as those in my ears," cried Fulke. "You have no right to speak them, madam, even though I am here without permission. You shall hear me " " 'Shall' is not for me, from you. Will you have me call my servants to whip you from the house, or will you go now, of your own free will?" For a moment— and it was a bitter one to Fulke— the man and the woman looked j into each other's eyes. Hers was the winning game. He had played and lost; and now, despite her fierce injustice, and i his rebellion under it, he must eat his words, and ignominiously retreat. To stay, to bandy arguments, to attempt to right Himself, would be merely courting worse humiliation. Biting his lips so sharply that the blood started under the savage pressure of his teeth, he bowed, without a word; and (his eyes still upon her) stepped backward to the door. In reaching it, his feet crunch ed the scattered fragments of a broken crystal vase, which his awkward move ment in the dark had thrown from a pro jecting shelf, a few minutes (or was it hours?) »?;o. He had not reached the open doorway, when the Princess caught at an old-fashioned bell-rope dangling from the wall near by, and pulled with violence. "You have saved yourself a beating," she said; "but my servants shall see that you have left the Castle, and the gates shall be made fast behind you— faster than they have ever been before." Again Fulke grimly bowed, smiling a little even in his anger at the thought of her surprise could she know how he had entered her enchanted fortress; then, with one last look at the white, angry face, which was the most beautiful he had ever seen, he left the Princess, and passed beyond the curtain. In her sight, he had moved slowly, to save such poor dignity as remained to him; but with the falling of the portiere between them, the smouldering heat of his fury against himself and her burst into flame. He could have cursed aloud; arid it would have given him exceeding joy to see the Castle walls tumbling about his head, if only he and the woman who had insulted him could both have lain buried beneath the falling stones. He strode down the corridor with furious haste, his chin held high, his fingers working: but before he reached the end, where the dim passage joined the hall, a stout man dressed decently in black, came hurrying towards him. Lord Fulke would have pushed roughly by, for he was in no mood to encounter further insults, or even servility; but. a voice at his back sent a thrill through every nerve. Her Royal Highness had left the room behind the curtain, and followed him. "Gustave, show this person to the gates, and see that, when ha has passed through, they are made fast again," she com manded. Fulke felt conscious of her presence, as if his eyes had dwelt upon her face, but h'e would not turn. The man, who was typically German, and typically also, the old, confidential servant, bowed low to his mistress, then raised his meek eyes, with a veiled glint of triumph (the rare, self- satisfied triumph of the inferior over the superior) to the countenance of the stranger. The blood rushed to Fulke's forehead, and he could have struck the fellow, but with an. effort he forced common sense to liis rescue, and passed on, with his tingling hands at his sides. "Will the high, well-born gentleman be pleased to come with me?" murmured the faithful servitor of her Royal Highness, in his native tongue. And it was to his credit that only the faintest note of sar casm crept into the humility of his tone, as he put the question, ceremoniously, worded according to the German custom. He lied Fulke along the hall, out into the courtyard where the doves were still quarrelling over the green tub, as if nothing particular had happened since the ' Englishman had looked upon them last, i Then, through the second great door which the unwelcome visitor had seen; so through a strange, upward climbing pas sage-way, where four horses could have ridden in abreast; and finally, out of the house by another exit, which commanded a view of all the country round. Below, reached by a steeply descending path, paved with cobble-stones, was the first wall, Fulke still followed his guide, who unlocked the gates; and the same process was repeated in silence at the foot of the hill. When the second gates were open ed to let the intruder pass out, Fulke drew from his pocket a handful of silver and gold. "Here," he said harshly, partially con scious that his motive was to show a ser vant of the Princess hew rich, how im- portant was the "person" his mistress had driven with contumely from her doors. But the man, bowing politely, placed his fat hands virtuously behind his back. "The high, well-born gentleman is gra cious; but our Royal Lady does not per mit us to accept gifts," he replied. Fulke opened his palm, and tossed the money from him— ringing down upon the rocks, and rolling away among the sparsely-growing weeds or intQ the rush ing river. It would have pleased him to see impotent repentance written or. the countenance of Gustave, but the well- trained features of the worthy man were phlegmatically composed. His eyes did not even follow the fate of the gold. "My lord will find himself able to cross by the bridge," he gravely sped the part ing guest. And then, having howed the Englishman out of the gates, her Royal Highness's servant lost no time, in clos ing them. As he heard the clank of heavy bolts shooting into place, Fulke exclaimed aloud: "So there's an end of the worst day's work I ever did. And the sooner I'm out of this brute of a country, the better I shall be pleased." He had forgotten his brother's letter to the King; he had forgotten the hunt ing-lodge in the Vesturathal, and the im pression stamped upon his mind, that Fate had summoned him to Thungaria. But Fate had not forgotten him; nor the , part in a certain drama which he was cast to play. CHAPTER VIII.— THE COMING OF 3D PACKET. Lord Fulke spent what was left of the day in walking off his rage. The sun had long retired behind the mountains, leaving the low-lying town of Presmark coldly wrapped in shadows, before the young Englishman returned to the hotel; and then it was with the fixed intention of packing bis belongings for an imme- i diate departure. He bad made up his "inlnd that he was disgusted With Thun- garla, and as for the investigations Vhlch he had intended to pursue, it now appeared to him that they would not be Torth the trouble. Only one consideration deterred him from leaving Presmark by an evening train; and this was the appointment which in an evil moment he had made with the two officers, Stolbach and Tho- net. He had invited them to dine with him, and they had accepted. The proof that he had won his bet, and found his way inside the Castle walls, wastohave been a spray from a creeper which grew nowhere else, and was . known to have been imported by the Princess from her home in Edelthurm. He had won his wager, after a fash- Ion; but he had not once thought of plucking a proof from the waving branches of the wisteria which, in all Thungaria, grew nowhere, save at Fins- terberg. He had nothing to boast of, when gaily questioned by the two lieu tenants, and he had half resolved. rather than tell the truth, to lie, and say that he had not gained access to the CasLle. As to this, he was still undecided— vacil lating as he had never vacillated before \--when the hour came for his guests' ar rival. "Well?" they asked, in a breath, as to gether they entered the private sitting- room which Fulke had engaged, and where dinner would presently be served. Suddenly, and for the first time that day, he laughed — laughed loudly and long, at his own ill-humor, his own ab surdity; for thus, in a flash of enlighten ment, he saw himself. The surprised faces of the two young men, with their round, bright eyes, shining behind pince- nez, and the affectation of their little pointed moustaches, sent him off into a further prolonged fit of merriment; but when he was able to speak at last, it was only in time to escape his visitors' resentment. Thungarian officers have quick tempers, and are said by Ameri cans to go about with "chips on their shoulders" daring everyone — especially foreigners— to knock them off; and these two young men were not quite certain whether they were being laughed at, or with, by the Englishman, which makes a difference. "Well?" Fulke echoed their question. "'It is not well!" . For he had, in this moment when the sunshine of laughter had chased away his clouds, decided to make a clean breast of it. "My dear follows, I have woh that bet of ours. But, in doing so, I have made myself every sort of an ass. I only need a fool's cap to show me for what I am." "And the wisteria," added Stolbach, entering into the joke. "There was no wisteria — or, if there was, I did not see it. As for the blood hounds, they had been mysteriously transformed to doves— dozens of them. There was, however, an enraged lady, and what (if I were speaking of the eighteenth century), I should call a very superior seneschal. There was also a museum. But thereby hangs a tale. And on that tale grows no single wis teria blossom to prove its verity." "Never mind the wisteria," said Tho- net. "We'll believe you without. Tell us the story; 'tis easy to see that you're bursting with it." "I am. Willi malice and all uncharit- ableness also— or I was, until you helped me to a laugh, which has eased my mind. And I think I shall be still fur ther relieved by ridding myself of the burden that remains." (To be continued.) 