Shoots of Ore. Lack of beam continues to depress «np moogery. Daily the afflioted.mourn : ' If i onl/bai the ?tufft By jove I' The general stiffness was demonstrated by the very few forfeited sections taken up. The new dis covery that has rewarded tbe pluck and energy of tbe Western Oo. may enhanoe the values of adjoining properties; bat will it induce directors to 'turn np' rigf.ingthe market for bona-fide mining t A promising lode was tested, this week, at tbe Sooth Hercules; and many had the erroneous idea that it was similar to Ht. Beid. Gurrie and Everiat T.A. (Smith's sec tion, Zeeban): Tbe drive baa been con tinued about SOft and the lode ia showing carbonite of iron and spooks of galena. The smelters bare arranged to bny tbe ore. Silver Queen i From the 810ft level a oroaaont baa cut 4ft of seconds; footwall not yet rcaobed. Two etopes in Clark's lode are yielding good ore, and some nioe gossan is being won by two or three tributors. ? Indolenoe and muddling have at last shnt down the Sylvester. The property is known to be one of tbe moat promising on the Zeehan field, as it is one of tbe big gest ; also it has had for a baoking a body of long suffering shareholder! who, for years, have apintedly paid up calls. The Coasters bold the Co. np as a horrible example of Hobart mismanagement. If let on tribute the working miners may yet be able to save forfeiture. Oolebrook lodes remain unohanged ; bnt an improvement is momentarily expected. A Zeeban syndicate baa taken up the forfeited West Hercules, and other sections have been secured by Lannoeston and looal syndicates. Bobartoniana are too tired to go hand in band with the West Coast. Ht. Jokes and Darwin are coming along ; already surveyor Wilson has surveyed some nearly 60 sections. The Whale'* Head country is pegged for six miles. A fow (rood sections are held by local eyndioates, and already the enthu siastic and sanguine are talking about dividends. Freeh discoveries are reported daily. Mt. Blaok Proprietary (Boaebery) : A splendid specimen of copper ore, won from the bottom level, ia on view at Zeehan. North Jennings (Bed Hills) i The main tunnel in being extended and good remits obtained. Hematite showing copper freely in plentiful. It ia intended to do more sur face prospecting work. Bed Hills recommencing work. Pros pects good, copper showing abundantly, Great improvement in ore being won. Hecla Ourtin: The tributorf have now Oinof fahlore. Fahl Ore i The discoveries in the adjoin ing property and Bich P.A. should indnoe the directors to cemmenoe work in the southern workings, where there is a shaft well timbered, sonk over 100ft, The lead ing stopn is still being worked and some ore ie being piepared for market. Messrs. Taylor and Harvey have aoqnired tbe forfeited property, luiown at Harris' Beward (Mt. Tyn«all). The Melbourne M.P.will sit np. Western Tharals (Lyell) : The last weeka working has shown a decided improve ment, the pan carrying a good deal of oopper pyrites. Energetic prwpcotiug work, on « settled coals, is to be put into effeot. Tuarsis (Lyell): Work is being poshed ahead. Good ore is still in eight and pros pecting work to ascertain the valne of the section is being carried ont. Mt Lyell : The No. 1 smelter plant and ennvertcra were closed down, for the first complete overhaul, during the holidays, the results, in consequence, being small: 12,118 tons of ore treated, of which 11,191 tons came from open out. Assay: Copper, 2.96oi ; silver, 2.66o« ; gold, .lOSot. From underground, 954 tons; assaying: copper, 4.40oi ; silver, lZ.llos; gold, .OSB01. The converters produced, daring same period, 246 tone of blister copper. Western (Zeehan): The new lode cot in No. 6 level, at a depth of 480ft from the surface, is proving better tban anticipations led to believe, the lode, whioh was only 2ft 6in wide where cnt, carrying Ift of clean galena, aaaeying 208oi silver, 80os lead, is greatly improving as the drive adranoes, and is rumored to be richer than in tbe upper levels. This is the greatest depth at whioh galena has been obtained, and prov ing, as it hat, batter both in quantity and quality, will necessarily give speculators more confidence. It a'ao upset* the denbt existing in some quarters aa to whether galena lives at a depth. Oonah (Zeehan): Work folly resumed and ontpnt well maintained. New dis covery of Western Co. ahould forge the scrip of this company along. Why tbe shares remain bo low is a mystery. Perhaps the ' knowing ones ' oan toll. The tributora in the Junotion are doing well and ahould make a ' pot.' Zeeban: Prospecting work on a progres sive scale is being rapidly pushed ahead. Sbonld meet something very coon. At the United Dora, the only survivor of the Dora boom, iron pvrites, with copper interperscd, is being met with. Melba Flat:— Another nice parcel of 14oi gold to hand, this week. So far tbe pros pectors have failed to trace the gold to its eource. Mt. Biechoff Kayser is treating hie tin ore at a cost of 8Jd per ton. Not even a bob! This includes all expenre* of raining, dressing, and manager's expenees at Bisohoff. The Emu Bay line charge £6 per ton from Burnie to Waratab. More Kayeere wanted for our mines. The proof of the pudding is in eating it. The old man has been at Biechoff for upwards of 28 years, has taken over £8.000,000 ont of the mine, and paid more than £1,600,000 in diva. Nearly all his officials have worked with him, at the mine, for about as long as he baa been there himself. Altogether, Eayser has made more gentlemen (P) in Tasmania, with hia dividends, than any other resident of the tight little isle. The first report and balanoe-sbeet issned by the Taemanian Oopper Co., late Bosebery Mine, should, as far at Mr. Harold Wilson's statements are concerned, be of more than passing interest to mining investors inter ested in Weat Coast properties. Bammed up in a few wjrdB, Mr. Wilson's report eayn : ' There ie plenty of ore, some of it ought to pay, the balanoe won't until euoh time as a process of treating ore of this kind at n profit, has been discovered.' But Mr. Wilson might have gone one better and not alone have done some good to his com pany but also to the West Coast at large, If the Tatmaniun Copper Co.'s property waa situated close to the shores of the aea or a navigable river, in all probability the whole of the ore could be treated at a profitable rate. Ae matters stand, however, rail freight, etc., swallow up a lot of money and increases initial and working expenses to such an extent that the low grade ohow, Komewhat inland, hasn't a ghost of a phow to nittUo things caV. And yet Oil West Cfoet is foil of low grade ?howi whioh, if sufficiently nursed by the Govern ment in the shape of cheaper freight, etc, might in many oases be made to pay. Where now one show works, two or three might get into harness, and make up for the reduction in tbe tariff. The general manager is knowa as a very keen business man bnt, on tbe West Coast, hia doings are not in accord with his reputation. New Monarch showing slight improve ment, a little gold observable in the solid stone. Western's laat output for 98 working hours, 490 tons, marketable on returned, OS tons. Silver Queen : Sampled 11 tone firsts and 43 tons concentrates for compaay, and SE tons for tributors. A rush has again broken out at Gnlgong, N.S.W., where three claims are said tohave bottomed on payable gold. The sinking was only 80ft. Tributing in Westralia is evidently a pay ing game, if the following ie a criterion of what can be done there. Three tributon recently wound up an eight wieks1 run and divided 868011. or nearly £40 per week per man. Hannan'a Brown Hill (W.A.) last return was 10E2os from 8069 tons; dividend 7s 6d per share, whioh meant tbe disbursement of over £41,000. A good yield and a good dividend. Queensland's output of gold for December last was 91,098oi, or 87&8oi more than the yield for December, 1897. The outpnt of gold in the Transvaal in November is reported at 418,6l7o», making a total for the eleven months of 4,09J,627oi of a meinting value of £14,860,000. Magnet, Jan. SO: Shipped at Burnie per Tekapo 461 bags ore, consigned to the Smelting Company of Australia, Limited. Be the Bich P.&.'s recent shipment of 14 tons ore to the Wallaroo Smelting Works, the following sale note has been received :— No. 1 (8 tons), 17 per cent, oopper and 487o« silver, realised £68 per ton net; No. I (11 tons), 8 per cent copper and 14loi silv er £18 14s per ton net. Fifteen tons of similar ore is now en ronte to Wallaroo, while a further parcel of IS tone ia bagged ready for export from tbe mine. Wyengatts (Goloonda): Stone being crushed at Pinafore battery, Lefroy. P«nnerstber(Bingarooma): Found large reef carrying gold. Chamberlain : Time something waa done here. It is a pity to see such a fine property lying idle. A trial of the Hercules tramway was to have been made this week. Henty : The manager eays— 'I am pleased to state that in opening up this property its developments have proved without doubt its great value, and with the tramway con structed to send ont ore it will rank at an esrly date among the first class dividend paying mines of the West' The latest in explosive!, says the Sydney Wobkbe. is a local invention termed 'Kalli- nite,' eaid to be oomposed mostly of euca lyptus and ti-tree leaves. In a test. 60lb. weinhtofthe explosive dislodged 200 oobic yards of sandstone. The new compound is credited with being noiseless and smokeless. A writer to the press in commenting on the landing charges levied at Strahan by the Government Railways, vis. : Is 6d per ton nn goods for Strahan, and 2s 8d per ton for Zeehan, states, inter alia— that 3s 6d on a ton of S2401b could not be taken into con sideration Unquestionably the soribe'a contention is right when he surmise* that the oustomers wouldn't have to pay the 2s 6d. Does he know how such expenses are made np F They are taken out of the wagea of the employees or some eooh other way. When a writer siguiug himself 'Jus- tice' exposed these charges there was a great howl, yet he was k'rect. The quotation in Launoeaton for tin on Wednesday was 17s 6d per unit, Tbe London price on the same date was £110 per ton and going strong. New Golden Gate has declared another Is dividend. This makes the 84th dividend declared by The Gate. A gold nugget, weighing SS7oi, was found a few days ago in the sluice box at the North Duke mine, Maryborough, Vic Tin mining is beginning to bnu along ouoe more round Heemskirk way. A Melbourne eyndioate hat raoently sesnred a lease of 860 acres in the dietrict mentioned, and the average of 20 dishes of wash tried was a quarter of a pound ot tin to tbe dinh. A parcel of 8Sowt sold to the Bisohoff Co. returned 71.8 pur cent. tin. Mathinna, which looked eo bright last year, is just now presenting a very gloomy aspect, and an exodus of miners and their families baa set iu, whioh bodes ill for this once promising field. Mabel dan thank herself for earning a good deal of this de pression, and the October and North Gate (both of whioh are shot down) are supplying the finishing tonohee. The McDonald P.A. is a property |that should give a good aocount or itself shortly Borne stone taken from the shaft assayed as' follows: Gold,82ot 18dwt 8gr: silver lot odwt Of r. Bich P.A. tribntors sent 820 bags fahl ore to Wallaroo on Wednn.diy W. Tnis makes 86 tons for the month. An additional 14 tons may be expected shortly. Pennefather P.A. orushed 14 tons for 14oe odwt gold. New Cosmopolitan : Tbe lode is now 8ft across, and oan wash free gold all through. -wS,8' ' 1 ' '5 °?nfidentl» «P«oted by the we. outrmt will sadn be about «00 tons I '??*Vi 