Publications Received. THE latest publication of Australian verse "The Ways of Many Waters,by E. J. Brady. Mr. Brady has made the sea and the sailor the subject of his special study, and treats of both with a facile pen. He must also be accredited with a happy descriptive ficulty :— " A blistered span of blazing eand, A burning arch of sky . . . . Despair and death on every hand . . . . Alone . . . . And so to die." And in the technique of his studies, for which he displays a warm affection, he is evidently a disciple of Kipling :— " As her blocks aloft are creaking, As her steam escape is shrieking, In the rising and the falling Hear the bo's'n's whistle calling When she strips to face the gale ! With the long green track before her, With the storm clouds black'ning o'er her In the waning starlight pale ; But the wool, ho ! 0I1, the w r ool, ho ! When she's rolling and she's shifting, there •will be no cargo shifting— For 'tis wool, ho ! London broker's wool, ho ! THE fourth number ot " The Bookfellow " has been issued by the Bulletin Newspaper Company, and contains forty-eight pages of interesting matter, and several illustrations. An article is published on Mary Hanny Foote, known as the Queensland poetess, and her famous "Where the Pelican Builds " will be appreciated by those who have not read it before. Tom Roberts is the subject of a sympathetic article by Lilian Kedde. THE second number of the "Australian Magazine" (Angus and Robertson, Sydney) is another of many proofs that Sydney is fust becoming the literary centre of Australia. All the stories are by wellknown names, each excellent of its kind. Henry Laweon's story, " Andy Page's Rival," is redolent of ±he bush, and Andy Page himself is a typical general band" on a run. "He had come to a conclusion with regard to a selectors daughter .... and had been in the habit for several years of calling casually at the selector's house. . . . The conversation concerned the drought and the likelihood or otherwise ot their ever going to get a little rain. . . . Then after a long bovine silence and a tilting of his cabbagetiee hat forward, Andy would slowly say : 'Ah, well, I must be gettin'. So 'long.' And lie galloped ofl'. Strange that those shy, quiet, gentle-voiced bushmen seem the hardpst and most reckless riderB." "The New Men," a fragmentarv half page, is written quite in the Marshall Hall vein. The new men " were very clever, very witty, very profound. They were always on tiptoe, eternally reaching after stars. Their deadliest stabs were aimed at the dear, dead Old World that hummeil in the streets or sweated in the fields." A listener to their wit fell asleep and in his dream heard a universal shout, "Behold we create a new Heaven and a new earth," whereupon death plucked him by the sleeve. " They are but children at play said he." "Was De Quiros a liar?" (George Collingridge) sets forth that celebrated n«vigator's claim to the discovery of Australia. Aithur H. Adam's "Paced" is a gruesome incident, wherein a racing cyclist is paced by Death, and expires as he wins the race. The story is short, but dramatically and forcibly told. .J. Le Gay Brereton contributes a poem and the story ot " An Unsavoury Old Tramp." D. H. Gunter, Alice Muskett, Wilford, Chris. Brennan, W. B. Beattie also write interestingly, and the illustrations of the magazine are clever and artistic. WE have received from Messrs. Melville, Mullen and Slade " Michael Dred, Detective." The joint authors are Marie Connor Leighton and Robert Leighton, and the volume forms one of the issues of tJrant Richards' Colonial Library. Detcctive stories have a special fascination for all sorts and conditions of readers, and will probably continue to interest so long as fiction exists. "Michael Dred " is one of the most effective of detective stories and will in all probability have baffled every person who presumes to guess the secret of the murderer's identity. Tbe tale is so ingeniously constructed that the reader comes to a different conclusion at the end of each chapter and in all conclusions is wrong. The motive for the crime is no doubt weak, but the cleverness with which the plot is worked out is undeniable. Messrs. Melville, Mullen and Slade also forward us a copy of " The Desire of Their Hearts," by Margaret Parker, author of "Ida Cameron," and "To Him Who Waits." (London publishers, Jarrold and Sons.) The novel has somewhat of a local interest, as the heiress whom it concerns is resident at South Yarra, although the scene of the main plot is in Scotland. Without aspiring to anything in the way of greatness, " The Desire of Their Hearts " is a fairly readable novel with but litt'e in it to merit much blame or much enthusiastic praise. " VEBSES FROM THE BLAND" is the title oi a booklet of rhythmic verse by Evelyn Ffrench, published by Messrs. Melville, Mullen and Slade The volume is small, but its quality is not to be gauged by its quantity, for the verses have a tine breeziness, reminiscent at times of Lindsay Gordon. "The Battle of Life and Death "is a conventional story clothed in a new garb, and is thoroughly Australian in feeling and treatment. In the anxiety to give the proper cattle driving flavour to the lines the author has, perhaps, allowed himself to be carried away by his Southern Pegasus. For instance— " But the steer thook the plain in his wrathful ire While his blazing eyes shot fury fire, And he cursed his luck, and he damned his sire, And the rest of hie sinful breed.'' "Damned his sire" is suggestive of a grandmotherly pun which our sporting contributor would be only too glad to make use of. The mailt of "Life and Death " is certainly novel, and the "battle" is told in forcible lines "that ecein to blow hrough the hair and beard of the rider:— " Perhaps you've seen an old stock horse perform on a cutting-out camp, Where the mob I'B mustered in open bush near the head of a reedy swamp— He haunts the beast like a famished hound, He swings and props 011 the broken ground, Till the eye of the steer sees ghosts all round, And flares like a danger lamp. " And one way only is left unbarred for the maddened brute to go, K So the lash is plied, and he takes that course with a curse in a smothered low— And thus battled Death with the dusky Life, And he worried and haunted with ceaseless strife, Till the thong of the musterer cut like a knife, And the blood began to flow." The end of the ride, or battle, is told thus :— " Infernal echoes clap their hands in mimic of their lord, And whisper back the wind's sharp whirr, and now again applaud. The stokers howl like tortured whelps, And e'en the Devil's bull-dog helps With loathly snarls and fiendish yells, And strains his tether-cord. "So beaten, broke, and doubly-damned, the black life turns anew— One look towards the distant world—cne glanceat Heaven's blue. He moves into the yard of Hell, And Echoes chant a mocking knell, As Death joins in the Devil's yell— ' Halloo ! Halloo ! Halloo !' " The other verses are less pretentious and less meritorious, but the little book is one that will givean hour's pleasure and several hours of serious thought to the reader. 