PUBLISHED BY Sl'ECIAL ARRAXGEHENT. m HT3 Deep Laid Scheme, By FERGUS HUME, Author o£ "The Mystery of a Hansom C::b," "The Professor's Mammy," "The Third Volume," "The Lone Inn," "For the Defence," "The Ghost's Touch," "Xonih's Love Letter," &c.;, &c.; COPVKIGI1T. \m?,M f-j of signs into the words, .. • 7 , Sauce"—a condiment invented by burnn Brag to tickle the palates of the epicures. iier husband. a compositor ill the office of a provincial journal, made a fortune out of it for Imth of thcui. He commenced quite in a small -war by udvorti-iug it in the columns lie set up, while Sarah, reeling suitable premises in .be town, personally manufa.Uu.ed l.er invention Tl.o advertisements were read, the sauce was approved of. and as circles on the water its fame widened round the world. Ill twenty years Mr. mid Mrs. Brag were aimust millionaires, and having turne.1 tlieir eoneen. into a limited liability company, re tired to enjov an old uge of well-earned Ms mid comfort at Allistou Ualb "5> s-b- <J". it* wurk well, and for oucc Fortune bfotowcii lier favour* on the nescnriMsr. Thev were whollv unUke the tuiliionatrcsof commerce or of fiction, these two. F^t.'oy were neither nuxtous to fro. into society nor desirous oi di-phiying their wcatfi w«h isteutatioa. Mr." Brut', iadi ed, i.ad rnhW o<teuttitu»iu *'ir. ui't-t iuu»»"j , , off some of his natural roughness whilst shouldering his way throughillie wo.al, but Sarah, ids wife, was a< mueh a coos us. uc h/sei when she presided over the kitchen of Allistou Hail. Now she sat in the draw in.'-room, and could without couht hates,! un as a tine lady had she so desired. Bat her l»-art was ever in the back premises, a.id an visits there were o) -••••- * She remained always the uneducated, rough warm-hearted woman, uevutcd to lier hom and to her liustand. I knew her valuc-hcw than auvoiic. save, pcrnaps, Heien . mid bo..; of us were extremely fond of her, and niaeeu of Mr. Brmr also. Tliey were a typical Mr, and Mw. Boihn. , . But who am I, you will os-c-and who 1. Helen, too f Well, I who tell yon this sturv uni Ucifrcy Beaueluimp, an idle Oxonianaua private secretary to Mr. Bra?. When I left Ballad, my lather, failing in business, took his loss of monev and repu.a tion so serioudy that he died of nhnd'cn heart, and joined my mother in the next world whither she had Ion? preceded him. Rodin? myself an orphan, penniless, ami without a profession, I cast about for employ - meat. X answered an advertisement for a secretary. In this way it was that I became acquainted with Mr. Bras. *Vr tiirceyeais past I have looked after Ins affairs—that is to iav 1 have written his letters, advised him a., hcW, I could, and have stood between ins too kindlv soul mid the hungry liorde of moiie.. - hunters. And he on his part has treatedmc more like a son than a paid servant, which I have not failed to appreciate. So comfortable a position and so kindly a fnend come not to CVThon?hero is Helen. She is looked upon as the daughter of the house, as indeed she is, seeing iliat she was bora at the hall. When Sir Ralph Allistou died, nfter a spendthrift career, he left lies only child wi li eut a penny. The ball was sold, and the proceeds went to pay off the mortgages ami the rest of the debts. So Helen, poor help less eirl, had no choice hut to go out as a governess. But Sarah Brag soon changed all that. She remembered Helen as a child, and when the hall was purchased by thc mo.iey made out of S.S.S." she sought out the orphan and insisted upon her "turning. "As or own child." explained the good soul: "serin' that 'J' and me am bin bless"d with babies. Not that I m a lady., my dear, nor could ever have a daughter like you. But we'll put itTOre that to satisfy the • conveniences' of society." What could Helen do but accept an offer so kindly anil so liberally made f So slie came back to her ancestral home, and found exist ence made as pleasant for her a* Mr. and M.s. Brag could make it. Then it rm.ieabjmt that as I was young and Helen a'.toeeth.r chavming we fell in love with each obicr, much tS the delight, be it sanl, of our patrons. Eventually it was arranged that 1 should he Helen's husband, and that s it should expect to inherit the substantial prolit. f^And U fmight advise Mr. lhv™ri,un,,.;. ' eaid Ura. Brag, ' ,vou 5-ouia Ukt 'he name and arms of Alliston, by right of *12!en here: so th:it when wc are de.*id and gone the old family will aiill bo in the o!d place where they have been for Lord knows what number rf years. Think." crit.il Mr.>. Brag, jubilantly, ••of the ancestors you'll have. Why there's a church chock full of 'cm—ail knight sand bar'nites. Fine, ain't it ?" I agreed that it was " line," and with Helen's consent, indeed at her express wish'. I promised the worthy couple to lake the name of Alliston when I should load the lust : scion of the family to'the altar. And this was the position <of affairs when the ghcrsteainv; and I do not think there were four happier people in the whole world up to that time. llady Marian spoilt it all. Lady Marian was the ghost's name. She hud lx»en a Georgian beauty a couple of hundred years ago—had rustled in silken iMocadein the midst of Jacobite conspiracies, tier husband had preferred King George to King Janus. and desirous of keeping his head ar.d property hid given her to under* stand as much. Cut it would seem that cx circxncut was the breath of Lady Marian's nostrils, and she made the hall a .centre of iutrigues, wh:di included the midnight visits ui Jesuit priests, of French emissaries from his majesty over the.water, and of sulky squires who cursed the Hanoverian in their cups. Sir Walter Alliston, being a jealons hus band as well as a loyal subject, disapproved of his wife's pranks; and accused her of using polities for the masking of intrigues against his honour and her own. Tlie lacy, being of high spirit, denied the accusation, and swore never again to speak to her husband. He, more furious than ever, kept a close watch upon her. and one evening found a niisked gallant leaving her apartments. Without a a moment's Hesitation he ran the intruder through with bis rapier. When lie tore off the vizor lie found to his horror that the victim was Lady Marian herself, disguised for some excursion. Dying, she cursed him and his. ami declared that she would haunt him ami his descendants evermore. "And she's kept her word.'" said Mrs. Brag, who told me the story, "for when Sir Walter died she walked down the picture gallery the night before. She always comes to teli when one of the family is to die. I 'card as she was sx-n just before 'Lien's father went off, and when Ludy AUistou died ia giving birth to that dear girl I saw the ghost myself." ••Nonsense, Mp*. Brag! There are no such things as ghosts," I said. 1 "Oh, ain't there, but there is. I tell you, | us I'm a Hvin', breathiu' woman, I saw thp Lady Marian glidiug along the pieturc gallery in brocade and 'igh-'eeled shoes, just as she wore when alive." " Haveyou seen the ghost since you bought tuchall, 3Irs. Brag?" *♦ God forbid, my dear: for if Lady Marian comes again it will only be to take away 'Elon, s H-in' as she's the last of them." As Mrs. Brag, with the superstition of an uneducated person, firmly believed in the warning appuritiou, 1 was not surprised on returning from a month's holiday in Switzer land shortly before Christmas, to find her in a state of great alarm at the reappearance of her bugbear. Two weeks before my return Lady Marian, brocade, high-heeled shoes, cane, and ail, had twice been seen in tho picture gallery—on each occasion at the midnight hour. Sirs. Brag was certain that it meant Helen's death, and uuablc utterly to kerp feeling of any kind to herself, had succeeded in infect tho whole house with her fears. Not a servant would enter the Long Gallery, as it was called, after dark ; and even Mr. Brag, sceptic as ho was, became uneasy when lie came to think of what it might mean. The girl herself did not look so well as when I had left for my holiday. She was pale and thin, and singularly silent. Her eyes, too. seemed unuatur.dly bright. After Mrs. Brag bad delivered herself of the story, and had stated her intention of calling in the vicar to exorcise the ghost, I was left alone in the drawing-room with Helen. " My darling, you look ill," I said, clasp ing her in my arms; "surely you do not believe in all this nonsense." She shivered. "I don't know," she said, nervously. " Both the housekeeper and the butler have seen the ghost. Mrs. Brag ia aiwavs talking about it, aud really I am beginning to think there must be some truth m it. "Nonsense! nonsense! All this talk and fuss has made you nervous and ill: hasn't it, " Yes, Geoffrey ; I was quite well until the ghost came." I%aw very plainly how mailers stood. Eleicu was sensitive and highly struug, and Mrs. Brio's Foolish talk liad wrought her up to such a pitch that the tortured nerves re* acted nn her delicate body. She was never a strong girl, but she was always very healthy. Woiry was evidently what had made her id. I no longer wondered That the /.ilistons had died when Lady Marian teas rumoured to hare appeared. They were a nervous ntcc. I realised, therefore, that if I did net do some thing to exorcise this spirit, if such it were. Helen would become seriously ill, and iniglu even die. 44 It is a pood Ihirur I returned,** I haul to Mr. Brag, when Helen retired to dress for dinner. 44 That girl will die if this sort of thing goes on.** 44 I dessay, I dosaiy, Geoffrey; but how do you propose to stap it: ** 44 Find out the trick, to be sure." 44 But 'ow do you know it's a trick, Geoffrey?'* " I'm suro of it. Tell me, hare you seen the irbosi'r" "Lor*, no. I ain't a coward, Geoffrey, hut wild 'ones wouhln't drag- me to that gallery at night. I ain't Been it, but Parsons and Mrs. Jht-kson 'ave." "Or think they have. What they have aeon is suanenne dressed up as Lady Marian, mark me. Or else they suffer from Imliucina tions. Parsons is sober. I know." 44Oh,yes; and even if he ain't. Mrs. Jack* son is. She never touches n drop to inv knowledge!. No, 'taint drink, whatever it is." "44 And they both declare that they haveseen the ghost?" 41 Lor', ye*. They take their oaths they have." "Then it must be a trick. And If I catch the person who is playing it I'll—well, I'll make thn false ghost a reil one. Will yo'u •let me take charge of this matter, Mr. Brag?" 44 Of course, Geoffrey. I was just wamn* for yon to come back. .Find cut what's wrong, and knock all this stuff out of my old j woman's head. She's mostly in hysterics o* I nights." J "And no wonder when Helen looks ru ill. i Believe me, ghosts went out when gas came in. I think I shall manage to prove to you that this spectral Lady Marian is very sub stantial fle»h and blood!" 1 But she xnay not be/* urged Mr. Brag, somewhat dubiously. 44 Lots of these 'igh families 'nvo their ghosts to sec 'era into the nest world, I Iwlicve. Besides, who could be p!avin? this wild trick?" " Ah, that's just what we have to find out." Bnt it was not so easy to find out. I questioned Mrs. Jackson atul Parsons iti the most exhaustive manner. They corroborated each other's story with such verisimilitude and wealth of detail as to leave no doubt iu my mind of their good faith. Evidently they had seen a brocaded lady in the picture gallery; bnt, of course, it could be no such thing as a visitant from the other world. That was where they went wrong. I was certain it was someone playing a trick. "Oil, yon may laugh, sir." said Mrs. Jackson. She was such a stiff old dame. "But Idoussuro yon that I saw the ghost with my own eyes. X was coroiug through the long gallery from Miss Alliston's room, and in the moonlight it came 011, clack, clack, clack, in high-heeled shoes. I could hear distinctly the rustle of the dress, and n? ; it swept past mo X smelt a perfume like that 1 of dried rose-leaves. It was Lady Marian I sure enough, a» I saw from the portrait in I the gallery. I fainted dead amir, Mr.; Beauchamp, sir; and when I came to" myself ifc was gone." ; I confess to feeling a trifle uncomfortable I at all this. Then Pardons took up the story. J *' I didn't faint, sir, not hem* a woman," j said he, 44 but my flesh was mighty creepy as ir went past. I stared at it like a stuck pig, though it was plain enough in the moonlight. It vanished all of a sudden by the painted winder at the end of the gallery." ' What wero you doing in the Long Gallery at that hour, Parsons?" "Conim* from master, sir. JTe'il a bad cold, and I took him itn some %'t ruin aw vater. I wouldn't go to that there galhr again, sir, for all the Cro'.vn jewel*. It was u ghosf. sure enough." 44 Oh. was it! " said T, showing plainly by my tone that I did not think it was. "Call the servants, Parsons." In a few minutes all the domestics in the house were assembled, and a very white-faced crowd the5- were. Many of them would have been frightened away from the Hall had it not been that the place was such n good one. 1 suppose, too, it was a ca-c in which they felt there was comfort in uurnbers. 1 harangued them pretty freciy for what I termed their nonsensical fears. Men and women come to years of sense," I went on, 44 well—I'm suiprised. How can you believe such rubbish ? Seme one of you is playing a trick: uud who it is Ishollfiud out, so beware, all of you." Of course they protested vehemently. But that was to he expected. 44 However," I said, <4you can take this warning from me. I shall watch -in the gallery myself with a straight-shooting revolver, and if that ghost appears it shall have a taste of it. I am not goingt to have y«»ur master and mistress and Mis* -Alllston. frightened by this silly trick." A gain they all protested. But I sent the lot of them away with more blood in their cheeky. - Then I turned upstairs to dress for dinner. As I did so I noticed a pretty, i timid-loouingyonng woman whose face I did not recognise. She glanced at me uneasily, and was evidently disturbed." ••Who are you?" I uvked, abruptly, pausing before her. 4fcJaneRu»r.lan, sir." she replied, with 1 curtsey. 441 am new here.;' •* What are you?" "Uuder-htmsemnid. sir. Oh, please, sir. do you realty think there is a ghost ?" 44 No. yon silly girl. The dead never return to this world." 44 Please, sir, what about the witch of Kndnr and Samuel. sir?" 44 Oh. you are a theologian, I see. Well, we won't discuss that apparition. You must look upon that as a miracle and not be afraid." She shuddered, and looked over her shoulder apprehensively. •' I am temoly afraid, sir, it's no use my denying it. X 6hall ask mistress to let me "You will ask nothing of thehind." said I, in, my most peremptory manner. "Your ping would only be the signal for general flight. "You'll stay Iiere, like a sensible girl, until all this mystery is cleared up." ; uOh, sir, but trill it bo cleared up?" " Of course it will, and by a very substan tial leaden bullet too. Now get on with your work and don't be a fool." I saw that there was only oao way to deal with the thing, so that I spoke more brusquely to the girl th.rn I would otherwise have done. Besides, she irritated me ; she seemed so absolutely terrified with fear. She was calculated to infect the rest of them, though they seemed bad enough us it was. I went , off to dress in no very good humour. Mr. Brag's want of common sense over this affair umazed me. Usually i he was n cool-headed and logical man, as was conclusively proved by the position to which he had attained. Yet apparently he was as nervous and distraught now asany of the women. The ghost seemed to have j boon too much for htm ; to have knocked the grit out of him. so to speak. He was no more fit than a baby to deal with the situation. I put down his shortcoming at this juncture in no small degree to his lack of education. Then there was the constant chatter of his wife, of whom this element of the Mipor natural had taken firm hold. Sim never ceased talking about it, and I suppose the strongest mind is in the end influenced by re iteration. It seemed as if Mr. Brag's were becoming unhinged. I was glad that I had returned so oppor tunely- At least if I could throw no light c - the subject I could go to work with a co head and an unprejudiced mind to i-Ieur it up. I Mrs. Brag continued fo talk of little eh 'j but the ghost, whose appearance she seemed | to think was quite in keeping with tho season. It was astounding the number of legends she seemed to have accumulated. Headless phantoms, churchyard appari tions, ghosts in armour with clanking chuina and "presences," who she said could not bo seen but only felt in the moat horrific way—upon all these she de scanted in the most appalling manner. HeLn shuddered, Mr. Brag shook his head por tentously, and I must confer that even I felt uucornfortable. The oid lady seemed so to environ us with the atmosphere of the super natural that when a coal dropped from tho fire we all jumped and she shrieked. It was really a most terrible state of things, especially for Christmas. I asked her about Jane Riordan. My question fortunately turned the subject, for it seemed that Mrs. Brag had a good deal to say about this young woman. "Ah," she said, "hers is a sad history, my dear. Her father and mother were feller servants of mine when I was cook hero. Tho name wasn't Riordan, for that's Jane's married name. Craik's what we called 'em— —*E::rv and Liza Craik, butler and house keeper." Helen looked up with interest. "Henry CraikT'tshe said, "why, that was the man who stole my mother's jewels "The same, ray dear. Oh, he was a bad one ho was; yet you'd think butter wouldn't melt in's mouth to look at 'ru. Liza was always savin* as *e'd die in gaol and disgrace *er, and 'e did." "Were the jewels recovered, Mrs. BragrV " No, G offrcy, they werc-n'r. My lady missed *em one morning after a bail 'ere, when the *onsc was fall of guests. The whole box was stolen—live or six thousand pound worth, no less: and she only saved what she wore at the ball. AU kinds of people were suspected of Tavin' gone to *cr room and taken 'em, but no one thought as Craik had done it." 44 X keard something of the atory myself," observed Mr. Brag. 44 He was caoglit selling u bracelet, wasn't her" " Yes, J., bo was. Ho got leave to visit a dying friend in London, tho old fox: and the friend was a pawnbroker, and *c told the police, seein* as *e recog nised the bracelet from tho 'andbiils put about. Craik was arrested and sent to gaol for years. He died there, and they never got anything out of 'im. Where he hid the jewel* uo one knows, and no one ever will, my dears; for twenty years *ave gone by since they were stolen." 44 And how does Jane Riordan come to be here?" I asked. Her mother died the other day ana sent her to me. my dear. 'Liza and I were bom in t'ue village and lived here fur years as 'onsekeeper and cook. I can't say as I liked 'er over much, she was sly and deceitful; but t don't think she had anything to do with Craik stealing the jewels. He was bad enough to do that by himself. When he died in gaol Liza wrote to me, and I sent her inonev to bring up June. Then Jane married^ a b id husband, who left 'er. and when Liza died she tamo 'ere and asked me to *e!p *er for 'er mother's sake. So I made 'er und-r 'ouse maid. I think she's a fool, Geoffrey, but honest enough." "She appeared to be nervous, however." 44 And no wonder with this ?orril ghost," cried Mrs. Brag, Iookiug round. 4i I tell you what. J., if you don't get the parson to exorcise that thing, I'il leave the 'ouse, th.it I will." 41 Steady, old lady, we must see what Geoffrey can do first. He's watching in the long gallery to-night." 4 4 Ob, Geoffrey, the ghost '11 'aveyoufor sure." "The ghost wiJl have a dose o: lead, .Mrs. Brag. It you bear a shot, don't be alarmed." " Bat yoa can't shoot ghosts, Geoffrey, they're shadows, my dear. You can see through 'cm." "I daresay. I never saw one myself. But this ghost is pretty substantial 1*11 Lo bound. But tell me, ifrs. Brag; was anytLLng c\\-cr found onfc about the jewels?" " No I" siid Helen, before the old lady could answer. ** I remember my father searched everywhere for them and offered a big reward. He saw Craik, too: but be re fused to say what he had done w;th them, nui ITrs. Craik protested she know nothing about it. They have been lose rot-years now." "Jl'ml I wonder if Jane RiorJan knows anything about them." "That she don't," said 3Trs. Brag-, with energy. "Liza was an honest woman I know; and the gal seems straight enough. If they'd'ad tho jewels they wouldn't *uvo lived in poverty so." "Still, Craik might have told his wiio where be concealed thsm." "No. Geoffrey, dear. She'd'ave come to my lady or Sir Ralph about them, and got paid for bringing 'cm back. If she knew anything she'd 'ave told tor Yr own sake; for she was us poor as poor. Jane told me the most 'arrowing tales of 'ardship." "I'il question Jane myself." said I, after some thought. 44 If these jewels could bo recovered they would suit Helen very- well." Helen laughed and 3frs. Brig beamed. "If it's jewels she wants I will give Yr aps. Won't I, J.?" •• She's only to ask and to 'aw," said 3IV. Brag: " but t wish I saw you more rosy and Yairhy, my dear." "I'm afraid this gho-t is nrs:«ftiug my nerves terribly." said Helen ; "do what I will 11 can't help thinking about it." 1 " Oh, J., can't we 'ave some *o!y water, and get it away?" implored 3Irs. Brag. " 'O'.y water, no. I won't have i:o popery hero, Sarah. ij.S.S. shall never go to fatten the priests if I can 'dp it. I'm surprised at "'■She is overwrought, 3Ir. Brag," raid Helen, rising. " Ind-tHi. I think xve ail nra, with this horrid Lady 3iari;;:i about. IVo* along .to bed, Mm. Bra#. 1*11 come np with I you." i " You'll have to stay with mo all night. tot dear," whimpered the old lady, "fori don't kuow ns Geoffrey firin' off pistols won't be as kid as the ghost. Aro.you goin'to stay tip too, Jl?" "Tliero is no necessity," I interposed. " X can watch quite well • alone. When Mr. Brag hears a shot ho can come to me if ho likes." " Oh, I'll como fast cnottgh." said the old man sturdily. -"'Tutn't flesh and blood I'm scared of, though I own I don't like the other thing. However, it the blessed thing belongs to this world or the next.- it's quite certain we've got to put a stop to its go:n's on Tero. If you don't witch it, Geoffrey, we'll shut up the house aud go abroad. I'm getting quite ski-erv myself, and I ain't got over much nerve to speak of." " Well, let me try my hand nt exorcising the thing, Mr. Brag. If I can't manago it, we'll do what you say. Helen will die if this sort of thing goes on." "Lord, you don't think it's come for ,'cr?" "No, I don't. It is some trick, I tell you. Leave mcto find it out." Mr. Brag shook his head douhtfuby, and retired to bed in his turn. Left aloao I £turted*on an exploration of the house with a lamp in one hand and. a revolver iu the other. I examined nil the doors and windows, and fouud them securely belted and barred. I looked into what rooms 1 could, from cellar to attic, and found thorn empty. It was quite clear that beyond the inmates of the house there was no one. Then I made for the happy hunting ground of the ' It had lately been snowing, hut now the night was frosty and clear. -A bright moon dispelled the darkness, and the white world without'was as clear as day. ; The Long Gallery stretched tho whole length of the west wing. On one side .a row of tall windows admitted a good, li^ht on to the pictures on the opposite wall. There wai a fair collection of these, l»ut the AUistous bad never been sufficiently artistic iu their tastes or sufficiently acute iu their judgment to acquire masterpieces. . Tho portraits of Helen's ancestors were of most interest to nie. There was a long series of them, dating from the Tudor tirao and v rcproentuig some of tho best work of the nixsters. These were let iuto the oak panel ling with their gilded frames, and could not be detached from the wall. At the further end of the gallery was an ornate window of ■stained glass, and through this the moonlight fell, now weaving coloured arabesques on the floor and portraits. Hero I paused before the picture of Lady^Mariun AHL<ton. She must have been a supremely beautiful woman. this Jacobite conspirator, with the bigh spirit and strong will.' Here she was portrayed as tall nnd stately of figure. A proud expression was on her almost swarthy face,-and in the slenderest of white bauds the gripped a walking-cane. In a dress of rich brocade, with jewels on neck and" arm*, red heeled shoes, and tho towering head-dress of tho period, she looked every inch a queen, and in her day must surely have moved and ruled ■as one. I could imagine those imperious brows frowning ut tho mention of tho Elector! I could fancy those firm lips speaking the curso on her too hasty husband. There was ■something about this fair dead _ womau which reminded ine of Beatrix Esmond; filled with tho joy of life and born to dominate by tho power of beauty and intellect. Yet sbe failed as Thackeray's heroine failed; but died more nobly, in tho pnrao of loveliness, without withering out into sad old ago. Had Sir Walter's rapier not struck through tho proud heart she might havo been a Sarah Jennings. As it was sho was thwarted by fa to; and it was her sad destiny to appear as a bird of ill- omen to those who sat in her seat of prido. Yet I could imagine her wrath when alive at tho idea that her fair phantom would descend to scaring an uld cook and her plebeian husband. How ironical a fate ! -But all this .preamble leads to nothing. Although I watched iu tho gallery until dawn I saw no ghost. It was bitterly cold ; and tho vigil was uncomfortablo and in vaiu. | Lady Marian did not. appear. I did not even hear the rustle of her ekirt, much less set eyes on her faco; and when I descended to break fast, .after an hour or so of sleep, it was to laugh at the superstitions of my friends. . "It i9 as I thought," said I. "Parsons and Mrs. Jackson both dreamed they saw the phantom. Lady Marian is too wise to revisit tho 6ceno of her death." " Ah, hut she don't appear every night," protested Mrs. Brag, wisely. "You wuit, Geoffrey. She'll frcezo your blood yet." "Not while she knows that an armed watcher has his oyo on her, Mrs. Brag." "Yon still believe it is a trick, Geoffrey ?" " If Lady Marian's phantom is not merely tho creation of Parsons's aud Mrs. Jackson's dreams, I still believe it is a trick." But trick or no trick, all my vigils wero in wain. Night after night for quite two weeks I watched iu that iufernal gallery for the ghost which never camc. Yet notwithstand ing my disappointment I could not rid myself of the feeling that thero was some mystery about the apparition. It was possible that my public announcement to slioot the so called ghost had scared the person who, I truly believed, represented it. With this idea I went on a new tack, and onco more assembled the household. . " I have watched for fourteen nights, more or less," Isaid,'"and no ghost has coino to scare ine. Therefore, I believe Mr. Parsons and Mrs. Jackson have heen deceived in think ing they saw one. There is no phantom here, so you can all set your minds at rest. For my part," and this was tho most import ant point of my speech, "I intend to watch no more. If Lady Marian comes again sho must go without an audience. Now all of yoti go away, and let mc have no more of this rubbish." Butler and housekeeper wero both indig nant ut my aspersions, but tbov kucw better than to protest openly, and went away with the rest of the servants to grumble in secret. An air of calm pervaded the hall, and Mrs. Brag began to pluck up courage. 'Also Helen, to prove what was undermining her health, became moro cheerfulaud lea-hysteri cal. My common sense had exorcised the ghost so'far, but it bad not solved ;'the mystery. Determined to fathom this I still continued to watch in the gallery. But no one knew of my vigils, not even Helen; so if the trickster came, ho or she, whatsoever it might be, would find me waiting. For two or three nights the gallery was empty as the palm of my hand. But on the fourth night my chance came, and with it the ghost. It was about midnight, and tho moon shining through the clear glass of the ride wiudows and redacting her light from an ex panse of snow made the gallery almost as brilliant as day. I was hidden behind a curtain, midway along the gallery, and half drowsily wan looking out iuto the maze of shadow and rlucr radiance. Suddenly in the ub-olutc still'-css I heard a faint sound. It w;w a tapp ng of heels, the rustic of silk skirts, and in a moment under tho painted window I saw the ghost. It appeared from nowhere, and I must confers it startled me very considerably. It was Lady Marian, sure enough. I was sufficiently close to it to seo that. There she stood, with the tall head-areas and cane, and rich brocaded gown,- exactly as she was repre sented in her portrait. I caught just a glimpse of her face,, tut it was not sufficient for me to say with' certainty whether it was identical with that in tho picture: But1 the figure was certainly the same.- I sat quite stiil and watched,' and "waited, one fiuger ready ou the trigger of my revolver. With the clacking sound described by Mrs. Jackson it eamo down the gallery. Tho stick, tapped, and the long traiu rustled, and the moonlight played upon the rich' hues of the brocade. It did not como: near me,' but kept eloso by the range, of the; family, pictures, fingering the frames and passing its white hand over the surfaces.•„ At: times it stopped, and with hent head scrutinised more. closely the faces of the portraits. _Then it'began to triide back more swiftly. than_ it-had come.. I rose, perhaps too ineantioasly/and I must have inado some noise, for before I could raise ray revolver to take aim;'the 'ghost started, retreared"rapidly. towards the painted window, and vanished. ~ Yes, before- tnyverv'eycs it.vanished.'-- X hurried to the"^ot where-1 had Ja^ *. seen it, but not a trace of anytbing^could-'I • find. Unless it had-dropped through-the'floor or had passed through a solid wall I coold not see for the lifeuof "mo how it had got away. Could it be a true phantom after all ? No; my reason wouldn't allow such 'a supposition. Beyond doubt it.was flesh arid blood—some member of thV household got up to resemble Lady Marian. ; T .was more than "ever per plexed. - _. I related everything to Mr. -Brag next morning. But ho kept my 6tory carefully from his wifo and Belen. They wero re covering their spirits somewhat, and it would uot do to damp them again by saying I had seen the thing- myself. Mr. Brag, indeed, was considerably agitated at this 6eeining confirma tion of the apparition, and it.was us much as ever I could do to talk him out of the conviction that spiritual it was. 44 But what on earth can it be, man ?" he said. 44 Well," I replied. 44 I have some sort of idea, but at present I wonvt state it lest X should prove to bo wrong. I propose that you watch with me to-nigBt, Mr. Brag, and together we'll see if we can't unmask the ghost." 44 But do you think it will come again to-night?" 441 can't say. Perhaps not. It may be that the trickster, whoever it maybe, has bad a fright and will delay operations for a while. It is someone in the house, I am convinced of that. When I anuounced that I would watch nothing was seen of it. But directly I said I would give up watching, Lady Marian appears. What wo must do is to watch regularly, Mr. Brag; even should it not appear for a week or more." It turned out that I was right. Night after night we concealed ourselves behind the curtain, I with iny revolver. Brag with a large dinner bell, with which he intended alarming the house when Lady Marian was captured. This went on for no less than ten nights. Then I took Mrs. Brag and Helen into confidence, and arranged a-pre tended departure from the house. I went off to London with great fuss and ceremony. I But I got out of the train at the first "station I and returned to the hall by road secretly. I And at eleven o'clock that night Brag and I ! were iu our hiding-place once more. And it I was Christmas Eve, the very timo when ! ghosts should be abroad, according to legend, j 44 Now," I whispered; 44 the ghost is off its guard; take my word for it he or the, i whichever it is. will come." Brag said nothing, hut gripped viciously at the handle of bis dinuer bell. It fell out as I had anticipated. Shortly after miduigbt Lady Marian reappeared in the same gufee as before. I could hear Brag's tcetli chattering as he saw the apparition. The moonlight was as strong as it had been on the previous occasion, and Lady Marian, clackingnnd tapping as before, moved through it in precisely the same way. She glided along by the pictures anil fingered the frames. Suddenly we heard her give a joyous excla mation, "and there was a"sliding sound as of something pushed back. A portrait vanishedj and a black cavity was seen .in its.place. Now was the time. I jumped up, and j poising my revolver fired as truly as I could, I and at the same moment Brag's bell clanged j out vigorously. There was a shriek and a) hurried scamper. Then as before the ghost j of Lady Marian vanished before we could reach the spot. 4* Where the deuce has she gone?" cried Brag, who was stilt ringing his bell hard. "Through a eliding panel," I replied, guessing the means of exit was through the cavity. Ah I lighted the lamp there was more noise 'and pattering of feet, and the half-dressed servants in all stages of deshabille and alarm came crowding into the gallery. Some carried lights, others pokers and sticks, but one and all were as frightened .as they well could lie. And no wonder; for the clamour of Brag's bell was enough to wake the dead. Then eamc Helen and Mrs. Brag fully dressed, for they both had waited up to witness the suc cess of my scheme. And it was a success—greater than I had dared to drcain. As I said, a picture—that of Lady Marian had vanished—that is, it had slid back into the wall, leaving a cavity which we proceeded to examine. Therein we found an iron box fast locked. Bat Brag soon had it tonTopen. to find that it con tained velvet-lined drawers and trays all heaped with the most splendid jewollcry. Gold, diamonds, rubies, emeralds—the muss glittered like a rainbow. ."See; - Helen, ' your mother's long lost jewels. So this is what the ghost of Lady Marian came for." " My gracious 1" cried Mrs. Brag, drop ping on fier knees. 44 Look, my dear, all mf lady's jewels! You'll wear them at your wedding after all." But Helen did not look at them. She just stared at me, ncrvou3 and shaking. 44 Geoffrey, who is the ghost?" 44 Cannot you guess ? Jane Itiordan." 44 Impossible! Isn't she here?" 41 No, miss," said Parsons, glancing round at the servants 44 she aiu't with us." 44 Oh, Geoffrey, I hope you haven't shot her." " "Serve *er right if *e 'as,"..cried Brag. 44But don't cry, my pretty, she went through another siding panel. Come, Geoffrey, let us look." "The spring is in the frame, Mr. Brag. I'm sure of that." ' Instantly a dozen hands were busy with the frames, and we soon came upon a spring in that of a picture at the far end of the gallery. It opened noiselessly, and I stepped into the open space, followed by Brag bearing the lamp. We proceeded along a narrow pas sage. ascended a flight of stone steps, and fiually oiucrgcd through anotherslidiug panel into the back part ot the house. On our way we picked up the tall cane, the gray wig and headdress, and the brocade skirt. "Shestripped herself to getaway," said Brag, nodding. " Let us go to her room. | She has one to herself, you know. Asked my old woman to give her one as a special ] favour; and for Eliza Craik's sakesbogot it." The room was reached and wo found it! empty, with the last remnants of tho disguise on the lloor. On going to tho back door wc discovered that it was open, and through it Jane Bior.lan had vanished into the night never to return. So it wa» that I exorcised the ghost of Lady Marian. On Christinas Day at break fast wc discussed thoroughly the stirring events of the night. Mrs. Brag was filled with anger at the way in which JaneBiordau hud tricked her. "I wonder how she knew about ray lady's jewels," she said. 44 Oh* there's no difficulty in guessing that," I replied. "The father must have told his wife where he had hidden them. I daresay ho intended to'fetch them himself when he caine out of gaol. But he died be fore his sentenco expired. However, he let his wife know, and she, of course, told Jane, who camo here and tried to get them bv mas querading ius Lady Marian's ghost." And Eliza must have told her that storv. Geoffrey, "We often talked of tho ghost. Oh, what a wicked woman V* "But I wonder why 3Irs. Craik, being poor, did not try to get the jewels for herself. She would hardly wait twenty years before doing so." It was Helen who said this, and I who replied. , "Well, I expect Mrs. Craik was either I afraid, or did not learn from her husband J behind which picture the jewels were hidden. I expect her reason wjis the last: for Jane, ns I told you, went up and down the will fingering the frames in order to find the right one. That was why .she appeared so often in the gallery. Bod she known tho true hiding place one . appearance and visit wouldrhave dono. I sec now "that she feigned fear to -me in order to ward off suspicion. -From her looks I* never thought she would be so clever." ^ * 44 Ah, my "dear," said Mrs. Brag, 44 ehe married a scamp, and I daresay, after hearing the story from Liza, he put her up to the trick." 44 She brought the dress with her, I sup pose?" 44 She must havo ; and it was to carry on her wicked pranks that she made such a point of having a separate room." 441 wonder how she knew of the secret passage," said Brag. 44 Liza again," cried his wife. 44 She was years here before I came, and so was Craik. I daresay they found the secret passage together and made use of it when they stole the jewels. And now I come to thinlc of it, my dears, it was an actor Jane Riordun married. Oh, I am well quit of her, I am." 44 Yes, thank goodness she's gone," said Brag. 44 "We don't want no row about the thing. We've got the jewels, and Helen shall wear them on her wedding day." 44 And what's more, we've got rid of the ghost," said I, smiling. 441 don't think you can ever believe in ghosts again after this, eh, Mrs. Brag?" 44 Xo, Geoffrey, I can't. I daresay the ghost of Lady Marian that I saw myself was cither Craik or his wife dressed up. Xo, I'll never believe in ghosts agjin." Xor did she. So this was our Christmas ghost, which was no ghost. But true or false i* was a very seasonable apparition; aud brought to Helen the Christmas gift of her mother's jewels, tho wore them at her wedding with we shortly afterwards; for next Christmas there "was "no Miss Alliston, but n pretty Mrs. Bcauchamp. Xor was there any ghost. Lady Marian, in the person of Jane Kiordan, had fulfilled her mission, and wc never saw her again. 