Short_Story. \ Some Scottish Ghosts CastleB and Mansions tnat are Haunted 1 Scotland, tlie land of deep enthusiasm ^ and poetic feeling, Is essentially a land of superstition; witness the linn belief of the peasantry in the weird traditions of the West and the Highlands, in the un canny apparitions, foreboders of evil to the family to whom they belong, and their avoidance of the so-called abodes of {thesis and evil spirits. Nor do they stand alone in their beliefs ; among the upper class credence is given to much Unit is supernatural, and not without cause, as the history of the ancient CasLlc of tllamis in Forfarshire relates. Although tin; whole house abounds in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber in particular is Known as tile " Haunted Room," and access to this fearsome place is only Known to Kurd Strathmore, his heir, ami the There is no doubt whatever about 1be noises ; one iiigln when, they were more weird and unearthly , than usual., the present Karl, with several chosen com panions, determined to investigate the cause, and went to the room. Hardly had his lordship opened the door, when ho fell hack swooning. Nor could lie ever he persuaded to tell what lie saw, or even pv incut ion the subject. One old •story is that during a feud between the Kindsays and Ugilvics some of the hitter elan, in Might from their enemies, besought hospitality from the owner of tllamis. He gave them shelter in this room ; but. under plea of hiding them, left them there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly re mains which startled the Karl, but what ever it. was is siill a secret. Another : story is lli.it of " Karl l’atie," celebrated | for many vices, bill above all for that of gambling, lie played continually, hob nobbing with his humblest servitor, could lie not obtain aunt tier partner. . However, one "Kurd's Hay" no one could be persuaded to play with him. , The chaplain heaped anathemas oil the head of any one who dared u. desecrate the "Sjawhath" by touching the "Devil's : bricks," as lie designated cards. Karl l’alie, rather than be thwarted in j his desire, invoking the " fotii liend" to '■ be his partner, locked himself into his ! room. Tint "deil” came, and then the . fun was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, ! and shrieks terrilied the inmates, and ’ the butler, nraver Ilian the rest, putting his eye to the keyhole, bad it sorely scorched for his curiosity. The Karl, coming out for a minute to get (lie wherewithal to settle up with, returned only to find the room empty, and no where could any trace of his ghostly comrade lie found. After his death, live years later, the same noises wen- con stantly heard issuing from the room and alomr tile corridors. Allaiibank, the seat or me Mtiarrs, is haunted by the ghost of " lVaiiin .lean." She was the wife of the lirst. baronet, aiul a Frenchwoman, whom lie married ill Paris and deserted. When returning to liis native land she appeared at the last moment to hid Him good-bye. and stood on the fore wheel of tin; coach to address him. Much annoyed, lie hade the postillion drive on; (lie lady fell, and j her. "(in his arrival home, when driving ; under flic arched entrance gateway, Sir | Robert saw " I’earlin dean" sitting on | the top, lief head and shoulders covered | willrblood, ami for years the rustle of silk and patter of Knuis XV. heels was | heard along the passages. j There is perhaps no more notorious j ghost than the " Airlie tn uiunier" ; Ins : haunt is an ancient stronghold, k'or taeliv Castle, belonging to Hie Karls of Airlie. Whenever his drum is heard those round take it as a sure token ol the speedy death of one of the ogilvie family. The origin of the story is that the -jealousv of a former Kurd of Airlie was roused either by Hie drummer or the ollieer whose messenger lie was. In ra-e lie thrust the man into his drum, and"lbmg him nut of tin- window of the tower in which the music is usually heard. The victim threatened, it ins life were taken, to haunt the family, and he lias been as good or rather as bad as his word. The music ol the hapless drummer has often been heard, and quite reeeiul.v. within the memory of those living; in KS! I before the death of Rady Airlie. and in IS 11) before the death of the ninth Karl. Spcdlin's Tower, now a ruined Border fortress, was long haunted by the spirit of a miller named l’orteous. who. lining suspected of arson, was incarcerated !n the dungeon by Sir Alex, .lardine. Hav ing occasion to go away from home, lie forgot all about His prisoner, who per ished of hunger. No sooner was he dead than his ghost, began to,torment Hie family, and gave them no rest night or day. At last, by the aid of several ' ministers, the demon was exorcised, ami a Bible was placed in a niche in his cell. Years after it was thought, necessary to have the Bible rebound, j Accordingly it was sent to Kdinbiit'gh j i'or that purpose. II had not been long ! on its way before the ghost left; its dun- t geoii. lied over the river to the new , home to which the family had recently I removed, hauled Uie baronet and his j wife our. of bed. causing much terror j and disturbance. Only through return ing Hie Bible to its niche in its old con-' dition was l’orteous's revengeful ghost I quieted, and peace again restored. Woodhouse Kee. the seal .of the Frasor Ty tiers, is visii.'d -by Hie spirit (if Kady Hamilton, of Botliwellhaugh. Her bus band is known as the niurderer- of the Regent 11 urray at Kiniithgow in IHtV.i.ar.d surely no assassin had ever greater pro vocation. Knowing Kurd Hamilton was from home, the Regent seized his house, turned his wife and child out naked into the Helds ; before morn she was a raving lunatic, her infant dead, pro bably murdered, and now her restless spirit haunts the abode of her former happiness. Part of the masonry of the •.Mil building was used for the present mansion, which is lmilt on the Pentland Hills, four miles distant from the scene of the tragedy ; and but a few years ago the domestics were terrilied by the apparition of a lady robed in while holding';! child in her arms, which shows the spectre is still faithful to her old The Inverary ghost is another well iitf hentlcaled story, the hearse of which Irives up to the door of, the Castle be fore the decease of any member of the Argyll family. It is said, during Hie Ilness of the late Duchess, that two of Hie servants at Inverary, while resting in the gloaming, heard the noise of wheels, unbarred the great door of the eiilranee-hall, and, on opening It, found nothing there. Shortly afterwards (hey heard of the death of their nds DuUvegan, the home of the MauXeo&t; I [ tiie oldest inhabited castle of Scotland, I Is'visited bv those delightful spirits— fairies. There is still the fairy flag, given centuries ago to the Chief of Maclcod bv the fairies, and which al ways brought them victory when thej took it into battle. A room in the towet is devoted to them, music and dancing are often heard, but all vanishes when the door is open.—“ Gentlewoman." 