A SOUTH SEA TRAGEDY. THE SEA GHOST MASSACRE. HORRIBLE TAllToF BUTCHERY. The steamer Moresby arrived at Sydney on the disc ult after a cruise through British New Guinea and New Britain. The Moresby brought news regarding the Sen Ghost ma sacre and punishment of the ringleader The Sea Ghost, a If ton cutter, was recently chartered for the island trade. She was in charge of Captain Kol-horn, and the other members of the crew consisted of half a dozen natives recruited in Bismarck Archipelago The cutter sailed under German tricolour, and on leaving headquarters made for the German Solomon Islands It was at one of these Hands called Buka that the Sea Ghost made her first call, and the had hardly reached an anchorage before there was an attack on the crew by the shore natives. The natives, as usual, put off from the shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to keep the vessel clear of dangerous reef the captain had not noticed that they were warm ing on board the cut. r. Captain Kolshorn was descending the rigging when the attack was made. It was a complete surprise for him, and. being unarmed, he had no possible chance of defending himself He ft 11 mortally wounded on the deck, his body, so the "story goes-, being horribly bu chered. Four of the native crew made a desperate tight, but odds were considerably again t them, and they were soon overcome The other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some means or other managed to escape.. Meanwhile the vessel had been run ashore, and having been looted of everything of value he was subsequently destroyed.. The captain's body had been thrown overboard, and the remains of four native seamen were taken to the village for a cannibal isle feast. The report reached New Britain in due course, and a punitive expedition, in charge of Judge Scholes, visited the scene, and succeeded in capturing the native who was a ringleader in the attack on the unfortunate crew of the cutter. He was duly tried at Herbertshohe before Judge Scholes, and condemned to be hanged. The execution was expected to take place shortly after the Moresby left for S> duty. THE NEW S.S. Mr A. LINER WAIWERA. On December 16, as already cabled to The Mercury, Messrs William Denny s Bros, launched at Dumbarton a large screw steamer named the Waiwera for the colonial trade of the Shaw, S will & Albion Co. Limited, London. Her dimensions are 45ft, over all length, 58ft. moulded breadth, 40ft. 6in. moulded? depth. The vessel has been built to the highest class at Lloyd's. She has three complete steel decks, and a shade deck for part of her length amidships. In a deckhouse on the shelter deck amidships there is accommodation for a limited number of first-class passengers and the officers and engineers. After the upper deck she has accommodation for a very Unto number of third-class passengers. Having been built for carrying frozen meat from New Zealand, there is a complete installation of refrigerating machinery on board. The engines have been built by Messrs. Denny & Co., and consist of a set of triple expansion engines with five boilers. The vessel has been designed under the supervision of Captain McKirdy, with Captain Stewart, who will command the vessel, as resident inspector. The War were IA to leave London this week for New Zealand. 