NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch CHAPTER VII.—(Continued.) By m, E. MCClelland, ' Did you do anything to help him P' she questioned. A sudden forlornness settled like a oloud on the elder woman's face. She seemed aloof and isolated. 'Thar was a box in ther house, and I fulled it with pine-tags, and spread Kit's weskit over 'em, fur a cradle,' she said, hnmbly. ' Fine-tags is healthy to sleep on. 'lows to oook up a passel of vittles whenst I gits home and send my ole man down with 'em. 1 ain't no nuss myself, being nervy and 'feard to handle dootor's truck. I'll git word about, t< o, so ther child kin be keered for.' Ruth held back words nearly spoken, and substituted others. In the background of the old woman's life was a tragedy, in which a mistake in the giving of medicine had resulted fatally to one she loved. This confession of incapacity was an indirect allusion to it, and the first that Ruth had ever heard her make. A swift compassion filled her, and she hastened to assume the responsibility too ^reat for these other hands ' Yon did wisely to mention this matter to me,' she said, gently. ' We are much nearer ' to hollow than the other neighbors, and the house is on onr land. I'll go over myself and see about the child. Mammy can tell me what to do. She knows all about babies. I wish she could go with me, but she's bed- ' ridderi with rheumatism. Can you get word to the dootor, do you think P I must take Tony with me to carry some bedding and other things whioh mu?t be needed.' To be sure she oould, Mr* Wheat declared. Indeed, a visit to the Tazewells was part of her day's programme. Mrs Tazewell wished to have a rag oarpet made for her upper hall, and had given the job to Mrs Wheat, who was the best carpet-weaver in the county. A consultation about rags and dye-stuffs was necessary: so the old woman oould kill two birds with one stone. • I'll start the word round 'boufc'n Kit likewise,' she affirmed, as she donned the yellow sun-bonnet and rose to depart. •You'll git help afore sundown. Mandy Turner's prime nuss, and I'll Btep by to see her. Maybe she'll ccme for the night—her, or Sarah Carter. I'lll name it to both. Good-day, Miss Ruth. 1 'owed Kit could count on pitting help from here fast, being as thevall played 'long of your all, and fit loogof you-all too.' When her foot was fairly in the path, the old woman delayed hor gring to give Buth another item of news, overlooked in stress of greater matter: ' 'Twas named at the sto' yeetiddy that thar war oon pan y at Tazewell's; not ther New York gal, nother. She've been thar some time, and liable to stay, being satisfied 'long of we-all's vittles. This here's a man. Come yestiddy by train. Jim Bryant seed him, and 'lowed he war straight and lusty. I ain't hearn whether he fetched a ohist or come in a bundle. Jim studied out 'twas ther New York gal's beau.' CHAPTER VIII. True to her promise, Ruth set out about her preparations at speed. ^ While the negio boy T.)ny saddled the horses she interviewed mammy as to things required for a sick infant, and got them together. At the old woman's suggestion, too, she investigated an old chest of drawers in her mother's room, and selected from the hoard of half-worn but sentimentally preserved baby-linen such articles as mi^ht be needful. After its long, man-tended journey, the little one's sanitary condition was lively to be deplorable. She paoked up also a bottle of milk, white sugar, and a few heavier provisions for Kit's sustenance, adding at the last a few odd bits of crockery. ' That poor creature has come back to bare walls and naught else,' she mused, while ' making her collection. ' Any odds and ends the Gentrys may have left vagrant negroes have snapped up long ago, of course. I'll take a frying-pan and a coffee-pot, too, as well as a couple of comforts. For the rest of the necessariefi Kit must levy on other | neighbors until he can make definite ! arrangements.' The ride through the woods was enjoyable, for the atmosphere was bracing from the light frost of the previous ni^ht, and redolent with rich autumn odors. Wild grape-vines netted the roadside, heavy with acid black clusters; the persimmon-trees showed a thick studding of tawny fruit upon every bare twig, and in sheltered nooks and low plaoes enpnorbia blossomed, lilac and white and scarlet love-vine tangled gloriously, aod belated ' black- eyed SasanB' made sunset patches ot color. Beside the pathway meandered a brisk mountain brook, stone-set, and fringed on its witli wild gentian and ferns, with a loftier top-growth of dogwood, sassafras, and water-poplar shoots, amidst thickets of spicewood and marsh willows. Overhead gray squirrels leaped nimbly among the branches, and deftly popped nuts into knot- holes and crannies, garnering the wocd harvest with thrift. Along the pathway ahead a rabbit loped slowly, and Ruth put her horso into a run for the pleasure of seeing the creature mend his pace to long leaps, and then dart sideways into the busheB, where his brown fur made him indistinguishable from the fallen leaves as he squatted in form, with his ootton-tail hidden. Wheo Ruth entered the clearing in which the cabin stood, the sun had passed the meridian and the light-rays were slanted to an angle which brought out the soft grays and browns of the old logs, the red of the clay chinking, and the mellow duskiness of the shingles, with definite sharpness. A light line of smoke rose from the chimney and lay in aerial spirals against a background of forest. Ruth dismounted at the rough porch, bidding Tony hitch the horses and bring in the basket and bedding. Despite Mrs Wheat's preparations, the interior of the cabin chilled hor by its pervasive atmosphere of desolation. The door of the shed-room, at the back, hung forlornly open, giving a continuation of the dirt and barrenness which seemed to intensify it. Through the door-way and the unsatisfactory smallpaned window the light entered hardly, and in cross- currents. The nnsightliness of the place was increased bv a papering of newspaper illustrations all over one side, largely shredded, and hanging with the grimy, pasted side outmost. These unsavory decorations the breeze toyed with, shaking them about, and producing with them a clever imitation of the scuffling and scratching of rats. The only point of redemption in the scene were the hearth, which had been swept clean with a pine bough, and the fireplace, wherein was a low blaze, surmounting bright embers. On one side of the hearth was a rough bench, formerly used as a support for the 'bee gums,* and beside it the box converted by Mrs Wheat into a bed for the child. As the door darkened with the entering guest, Kit Gentry rose and faced it. He was a short, thick set man, and stood awkwardly by reason of the wooden pin which supplied the place of his left leg, gone from the knee down. His face was careworn and rugged, with an obstinate mouth, and a look of hopelessness in his eyes which required but little to turn it into desperation. ' With luck against him' seemed written all over the man. He had a child's nursing bottle in his hand, and the brim of his shabby wool bat was flattened sgainst the crown, so as to leave sight unimpeded. Ruth oome forward at once, with extended hand and pleasant words of greeting. ' Mrs Wheat told me about your getting home last night and finding no one,' she explained,' and also that the baby was sick. I oaaie over to see if I could help you.' There was in her tone and manner no hint of patronage, only straightforward kindness as from one human being to another. The hard lines about the man's mouth relaxed a . little, and the gloom in his eyes lifted. • I'm obleeged to you,' he replied, simply ; ' and ther chile needs women-folks' heering badly. He air fevered some, and hev been fur a week. He's done quit relishing his vittles. 'Twar a hard lick finding all my flitted. I ' He paused abruptly, and gazed straight away, over her head.. * it was all hard, every bit of it,' assented Ruth, gently. \ Mrs Wheat told me, and I'm sorrier than I can tell you. We played together, you know/ It was a womanly touch, and made just difference between pity and sympathy. The rough fellow had fineness enough to appreciate it. His lips twitched and his eyes moistened. He made no response in words, but he let her take the child's bottle from his hand and assume undisputed authority. ' Perhaps the milk is sour,' she suggested. ' That may be the reason he won't take it. Have you tasted it ?' ' Naw'm,* the father admitted. 'I p'intly do despise sweet milk myself, so I never thought about sampling his'n.' Ruth smiled superior and emptied the contents of the bottle behind the fire. It was of the gravest importance, she assured him, that infants' food should be pure and fresh. Then she despatched him to the spring for water and turned to the ohild. It was our led, like a kitten, on its father's vest in the box of aromatio pine-tags, and covered with a checked shawl whioh Ruth recognized BB belonging to Mrs Wheat. It was miserably puny, with purple veins showing under its pallid skin, and great, dark shadows under its eyes. Its little frame seemed to Ruth nothing but a skeleton ; its hands were like birds' claws, and its clothing was stiff, uncomfortable, and malodorous. But for the need of more practioal compassion, Ruth oould have wept over it. Even to her unpraotised eyes the stress of the little one appeared extreme, and she summoned Tony and despatched him at once for Dr Tazewell, bidding him follow should the dootor be from home. It would not do now to trust to Mrs Wheat, she decided. The old woman was on foot, and, besides, would probably loiter and gossip by the wayside. Ruth found a battered tin basin and an empty tomato can, both water tight, in the shed room, and, out of sheer womanly revolt at the little one's appearance, did the best thing possible for him—that is, administered a hot bath and a change of raiment. 'Don't you think he looks better?' she inquired of Kit, who had withdrawn to the wood-pile during the ablutions. ' I dunno,' the man answered, with buoolic bluntness. 'He's a sight cleaner, and better by that m'ich. To me, he don't favor nothing 'cept a fresh-hatohad catbird. He don't hardly ape human.' Which was so absolute a verity that it made Ruth wince. The child refused his food fretfully, wailing in a piteous undertone. After a while he dropped into a doze, which gradually deepened to stupor; his pulse became small, quick, and irregular; he coughed a little, feebly and spasmodically, and his skin seemed almost to sear Ruth's cool hand when she touched it. Time passed, and her anxiety deepened. She glanced across at the child's father, who avoided her eye and slouched forward with his elbows on his knees and his face set hard. He understood that whioh was passing through her mind by its reflex on his own. Pain quickens even ordinary intelligence to acuteuess. About three o'clock came the welcome clatter of hoofs, and Gentry rose awkwardly and harried out to meet the dootor. Ruth faoed the door expectantly, her head lifted. The sun had rounded the corner of the house, und its beams slanted through the soiled window- panes, touching the woman's hair, and slipping downward to rest on the brow of the babe on her knee. Through the door-way entered a stranger —a tall, square shouldered man, with hazel eyes under long lashes, and a heavy brown beard- •— CHAPTER IX. Ruth's look proclaimed her disappointment. Medical aid was so sorely wanted. A quiver passed over her faoe. The stranger came forward and reassured her. ' Dr Tazewell was from home when the messenger arrived,* he explained. 'The caee seemed urgent, so I took the liberty of coming in h s stead. .Mrs Tazewell advised it. She'd been ; talking with an old woman who was excited about this child. You can trust me. I am a doctor.' In her relief, Ruth smiled up at him cordially. ' It was good of you to come,' she said. ' This baby seems very ill.' She made room on the.benoh beside her, and the physioian sat down and bent over the child on her lap. ' How long has he been comatose ?' inquired, Rafter a rapid examination. ' Two hours certainly,' she responded. ' Soon after I got here—about half-past twelve—he began fretting, a feeble, miserable wail. He was dirty and uncomfortable, so I took off his clothing and game him a hoi bath. Was that wrong ?' ' No; the beBt thing possible, if you'd oily gone further and given him some whiskey and milk. Have you a oap and spoon convenient, and a little milk P' Ruth indicated the basket on the other side of the hearth. The doctor helped himself deftly, mixed a mild-toddy with a portion of the contents of his own pocketflask, and administered a spoonful or two to the patient. Then he arranged the box more comfortably, with one of Ruth's quilts, and took the ohild from her. I ' Leave him there for a while,' he directed. ' It is better for him than being held. Now, what did you do with that olothingp' Ruth pointed out a dingy littfo heap behind the bench on whioh she was seated, and watohed this masterful stranger a trifle curiously while he fished the things out with a bit of kindling-wood and tossed them into the fire. He seemed to her even more direot and forceful than is usual with his craft. (le the disease contagious r' she inquired. ' Not at all,' he answered. ' It is gastrie fever. But there is no telling what infection the child has been exposed to. Mrs Tazewell gave me to understand that the mother is dead and that the father carried the baby from Georgia in his arms. Is that so ?' Ruth bowed assent, and then gave him the story, briefly, in outline. The principa aotor in it was busy with the dootor's horse, whioh .had been ridden at speed, but he might enter at «ny moment. The pathos of it struck her anew. ' These people have been connected with us for years, and have lived on our land,' she volunteered, in explanation of her own own intrnsion into the affair. • This man's father was my father's overseer, and we children played together. It grieved me dreadfully to hear of the trouble. He had no money, and it was the only way open to keep his promise to hU dead wifo. Did you notice that he is crippled P Then think of his getting here last night to find an empty house and a cold hearthstone. Was it not hard?' Her eyes filled as she spoke: she had, for the instant, lost sight of the fact that he was a stranger, and lifted her glance to him as frankly and unconsciously as a child might have done. The dootor returned her gaze for half a seoond, and then looked away. A tender-natured woman, he decided, and one whose heart was prone to pull the wool over the eyes of her reason. And, manlike, he admired her for it, feeling more drawn to her than to any woman he had met tor years. It is never the woman with no nonsense about her who gets the firmest hold upon men. ' The experience was pretty rough,' he admitted. ' But the fellow would have shown more tenderness by less precipitation. The ohild was too young.' R'lth was instantly on the defensive. • He could not know,' she declared. ' An ignorant man, with no experience with babies. His thought was of his promise and of his wife's wish. Aouording to his light, he did hi° best.' ' Illogical and partisan,' thought the doctor; ' a thorough woman. I would not be surprised if she has backwoods prejudices in favor of domestic duties, the supreme 3y of man, and a hereafter of rewards and punishments. About half a dozen years of individualism and dominanoe of the ego, this sort of thing is refreshing.' Aloud he made no comment, for Kit Gentry stumped in with an armful of wood for the fire, and was promptly pounced on by the medical man and put through a cross-examination as to the child's previous conditions and symptoms. In the course of the talk it transpired that Kit, in his homeward progress, had passed through two infected regions ? one, a town in central Georgia where yellow fever had been prevalent, and another, in North Carolina, where there had been several burials from small-pox. If the fellow had set out on a germ-quest, it did not seem, to one of his hearers, as though fuller or more varied opportunities would have been necessary. And the fact that, according to his own account, Kit had ' oome a-iumping through, like a snake- hunted hop-frog,' the moment he became aware of the presence of disease in a locality, did not, in the medical mind, render the situation innocuous. To the dootor, for the nonce, the tragipathetic mountaineer was degraded into a perambulating germ-distribator. He chewed the end of his moustache as he listened, and before Kit, in recital, had hopped safely away from the seoond infection, he was busy emptying his pockets of the bottles of bismuth, calomel, and other possibly needed drugs, with which Mrs Tazewell had loaded him, in search of the prayer and disinfectants with whioh he had provided himself. Ruih watched him with interest. Her chief knowledge of antiseptics was derived from Dr Tazewell's diattibes against that which he was pleased to designate as the ' idiotic superfluity* of Professor Lister's theory. When he had diluted his carbolic acid to his mind, the dootor advanced upon Rath with the precision and force of a conquering army. ' Be so good as to stand in the light, young lady,' he ordered, ' while I disinfect you;' which he proceeded to do, systematically, and from the throat down. ' It is the ounce of prevention,' quoth he, ' and you held the baby in your lap, of course, while you changed him, and very possibly handled his clothing afterwards.' He ciroled around her at short range, and Ruth lifted, her eyes to him with a laugh in them. His head was a trifle onward, and his eyes intent on hig work, for he was directing the fall of the atomized drug on her bosom and shoulders. Something in his position, the sweep of his lashes, the beauty of his forehead, or the mutinous fall of a slightly grayed look of hair aoross it, touched, in a shawdy way, a well-nigh intangible association. It was as though the ghost of a forgotten harmony of the faintest suggestion of a once-liked perfume had been reflexed from the infinite upon the woman's spiritual senses. The passing was instantaneous, a wind blown shiver of mist, but it modified the expression of the eyes uplifted to the physician's grave face, and also invested that faoe with an interest other than the situation oalled for—an interest utterly removed from that esoteric afflatus which humanity, for want of a finer definition, calls sexual attraction. Unconioious of that which h*d happened, the dootor's gaz9 followed the movements of his hanls, whieh manipulated the bottle and bulb with accustomed touches. (To be oontinued.) 