Incident. * Can I help ?' he asked. • ' Can you pin?' • • • iPerfecfly^ . •. s ^He wjas told to fetch her mrk^wket fr ^ drawiDi'iioom, and, oiij&Mirb;, k p^ide her as she adjusted tn^HB'wib. M | * You must take your hands away," he said, i f shall pin them there.' W She folded them resicnedly in her lap, but turned her head with saucy disfcrustfulnesa to observe his operations. . r i m s —, w she raised herself, the light cloak slipped back , trom her ehouldersinto the chair. • through it eracefully enough, without the heavy breathing and squared elbows ji men affect w ben wrestling with a ; an d » if his labor was somewhat lengthy, mere clumsiness may not have been so much to blame as he averred. L* I s the wa ge r he inquired, as he cut the thread. jc, ' What do you suggest ?' ^ A sudden mad impulse almost moved him to$ toss her shoulder. Her fingers had rested* there by accident for an instant, throwing a Hash of color, like a shaken flag, over the delicate skin ; but he was wiser than that. He said: ,, ,, •» T.V wilLIeave ybuljn debt.' . 4. s, Perhaps she read the conflict in his face—it * Was to be seen there—and resenting-, as a woman •may, his failure to do what, if done, would have still more incensed her, said, with a demure audacity in her eyes-: •I only bargain for ready money.' Still unsteady from his own struggle, he returned her ambiguous glance with such interest that partly from excitement, and a desire by over-daring to force' him into caution, she flipped lightly at the needlepoint which he wag holding between his teeth, say- • *ngz ....... You shouldn't put pms in your mouith. He started bkek suddenly, and then, With a 1 '- gulp and all of terror in his ,face, threw himself across a chair, head downwards, coughing violently. When he raised himself stiffly she was whijte as a ghost, and could scarcely command the voice to say : * What was it?' * The needle.' * You didn't swallow it?' He began to recover himself, and to remember he must have looked foolish ; his face was nearly as, pale as hers, but he laughed as he said— "I'm afraid it's lost to you or ever." "Will it kill you?" He thought she was going to faint, she was so deathly white, and for the moment he did not care what happened to her; he felt to hate her, in a selfish sordid cowardly faahion, for what she had done. He said, almost sulkily— "Isn't there a doctor I could see?" She was crying like a girl, but just steadied her voice to say the carriage would be then at the door and they could drive dov>n to the nearest physician's. She only spoke once by the way. She laid her hand on his, and said in heart-broken fashion—"Salt, I am so sorry.*' "It doesn't matter," he replied, not over gently; "what is it?" He hardly knew what he said—he was specu • lating on the whereabouts of the needle; He expected every moment to begin to die, aud, in spite of his words, that did seem a matter of the most importance. . Cherry voices from the street'door gave her quite a revulsion of joy. ' That'll be all right,' she .heard; ' wad it well and lie low.' A double * Good-night,' the door slammed, apd Pedely was taking his seat beside her; he " crave the word for home, leant back and laughed.. * Seems to be the wholesomest thing in the world ; whole.meal and butter-milk not in it ; can't eat enough; nnmber mines and new bread, with porridge to folfow. Thimble-cup, I suppose, to wash it down. ' The sequel unfortunately, does not justify the physician's hopeful forecast.—From 4 Rust of Gold ' by Francis Provost. 