UN»pTi^pEEi; [By LAWR1ENC& tu ItftfOH, author of 'Shadowed by Three,' 'No Proof,' etc.3 CHAPTER: XSL-'BBG1NK1NQ TO f'One is pretty sure to be alone here, I fan cy,' says Aunt Oass, always the pink of courtesy to strangers, however much she may snub her friends, /'unless 1t may be by some fchauce like this of ours.' She is making men tal note of -the ptetty stranger while she speaks. 'It is so far frotn town, you see.' Inwardly her. thoughts runs thus: 'Pretty, rather, but looks ity Brunette, . good style, Sood taste, half -mourning,' for there is a lit I tie white vest peeping, out from the wellfit I ting jacket, a strip of white lawn at the I throat, and a snowy aigrette standing up I from the little toque set back upon the head I of black and waving hair. I Warn a stranger here,' the lady is saying, I 'and find the time heavy upon my hands. I Sometimes I think these doctors are not so Kvise after all; when one is ill one should be Rinused, not banished. I hope you will par Won me,' a sudden jttote of restraint coming ?jito her voice; 'I am thrusting my own per ?sonal grievances .upon you, as if I knew ?you.' .-..-. I) 'There's no reason why you should not,' ?says Aunt Cass composedly. 'I am Miss I Cassandra Chetwynde, of the Villa — 'Beach ? villa' some call it; it's really not a villa after I all.' ~:. ' .' I 'Miss tUhet ? ' the stronger starts, and her 1 color changes a bit, 'Iiliss-Tjdld:.y6u_sav Iciiet — ' she halts again on the last sylia Ible. . I -Chet-wynde,' says the spinster concisely, j I 'is the name familiar to you? The social I tliermometer is suddenly at zero. I 'Oh, I beg your pardon! I will not deny ? fl-liat must be quite plain to you. I have I heard the name of Chetwynde; I have heard I that sad story,, and to me it seemed like a I hurt.' A small blue-gloved hand goes to the I dark eyes, and the pretty worn face is turned] I away. 'Miss Chetwynde, don't think me a j I common gossip, a hunter after sensations! ? ? Your brother's death was so like my own I love. My husband was Sound— dead, like Bttat' ''''?» I And the ice is) broken, impulsive, warm I hearted Aunt €ass explains her relationship I to the dead man. Madam gives her name, ? her card. She is stopping at a country, house, I on the outskirts of Lakeville; she drove out I this morning with a hired pony and her lun ? cheon to explore the wood; she had not ? meant to come so far, but, being here, (had I decided to arive on to Lee— she had never I visited Lee — unless she can find shelter some I where nearer— she is used to driving about ? alone, and the country is so 'sweet and safe.' ? in her husband's lifetime they often lived in ? a tent a part of the summer. It was a fad ? of his, too. 'I fear I shall not have the ? Beart for that any more!' she says, sighing I heavily. 'Ah,. Miss Chetwynde, I must talk I of something else.'. ? And now she interests herself in the I «rreen mounds about her, and the names upon I them, 'and presently they have reached Fe I Iix Chetwynde's . grave, and the spinster ? starts with a sudden exclamation. ? 'What is it, Miss Chetwynde? Ah! the ? beautiful flowers. It is some new made ? grave then? Some young girl's perhaps? H Surely, only a lover's hand would shower H roses, red roses, like that!' and she stoops H above the mound, as if drinking in the rich Hness of the great cluster of crimson roses ^B lying loosely upon the grave. H And this time it is the spinster's tongue H that is loosed, and she tells of her surprise, Hiier wonder at sight of those crimson roses. ^?For they do not come from Hope, 'his sis ? teiv' uor from herself, nor, she is. sure of 4t, Ufthey do not come from Bedlands.' II 'Red— lands?' the stranger repeats the Hname slowly. 'Such strange names— to me! ? But, Miss Chetwynde, are they not perhaps B from— from the young lady-love? He was ? engaged, I think they told me, and loved ?ier so dearly they said. Poor girl!' ? If there is an influence, an ungodly power ? ?which will send Aunt Cassandra's temper Hand patience up into the nineties it is the ? hearing of unauthorised gossip— about her ? own. Of course she knew very well the ? truth and the error of all this! But how ? should all the Lakeside know so much? Im ? patience came in and discretion flies out. ? 'I can't fancy how such rumors speed from ? a mere nothing!' she says testily. 'My ? nephew was deeply in love with a most ? charming young lady, but— it is wrong to let ?Jihe idea go out that she is, or was, engaged ? to him! She is a sweet and lovely girl, and ? would have done us all honor by accepting ?j him: but she never did.' 'And— he died— loving her still?' 'I fear there's little doubt of that.' ''And yet— these, you say, are not her flowers?' 'She will never place flowers upon his grave, I fear.' 'But why— why not?' 'Because,' looking down at the grave, and finding a sort of relief in speaking out to tbeis passing sympathiser— 'because— I'm afraid he made her— almosi nth his - last act-very unhappy! Hurt her beyond re pair— almost.' ? ' ? 'What! Madam! Miss, do you mean— do you mean that he trifled with her?— that he wrecked her life— even— ' 'Madam!' all the proprieties have returned to their wonted seats, and Aunt Cassandra realises what she has done— is doing, but— there is no stopping, now. 'How can you imagine such a thing? But you are a strang ei'! Lorna Hilton could never become a toy, a tool, a plaything in any man's hands, least of all in Felix Chetwynde's. On thp con trary, it was he who lost, first Ms heart, and [then Ms head!' ? For a long moment the stranger, stands Jith her head bowed, her face turned away. Thea she comes, a. step neafep.'-, Y.;, . ../? 'Won't you forgive me?';«h&^ays broken iJi and her eyes are full of a dull pain. 'I am a very miserable woman. :-.- 1 have been trying to forget my own grief— by interesting ffiy self in others— and theit sorrows; and n°w 1 have offended the only woman— the °% lady who has been kind to me In ail this lonely week! I will not intrude upon pon longer- 1 will go.' And Aunt Cassandra veers round again, Felix Chetwynde's name and his affairs are dropped by mutual consent, and, instead, the spinster talks upon a, to her, deligntful peme-the bicycle. I '1 could never fide,' the pretty 'stranger Pfflrnis. 'I am too great a coward, too ner [v°us, and— I 'don't think I could ever -learn P° love the exercise. To me it looks all in jbor.' : . - . I 'Ah!' the spinster shakes her heacL '1 P°iight so once; and said. that I would nevef sever ride ft wheel. Indeed, t kegan it un der— a— well alm&Bt-;*against .-fi^-iftiV but—' 'Against your Wlli| Miss Chetwynde? Htfw —how was that?' the other asks breathless ly, and peering earnestly iato the spinster's , face. 'Do you mean that ' someone made : you ride— coetced you?' ' There is a wary look now in the eyes of the little spinster, but she .only utters a little half-laugh. 'Sometimes,' she says amiably/' consider ing her distaste for personal ' queries— 'sometimes, you know, we elderly, and lorn women come under .a distatorship as tyran nous as Juggernaut, and wheat We have nel ces, nephews, grandchildren who are bent upon making us young— well, it is a tyranny; but a well meant and most affectionate sort. I'm properly grateful, now, at all events.' And they begin to talk about the lake. When Aunt Cass leaves the cemetery Mrs. Myers is driving her pony towards Lee. The two part with utmost friendliness. The spinster has instructed her just how, by tak ing an upper road, to reach Lee 'with, least circumlocution,'' and has kindly asked her to call on her way back to Lakeville next day. And now we find A,unt Cass sitting opposite her niece, with no mind to tell all of her af ternoon's adventures, and quietly skipping her encounter with the pretty brunette wi dow in favor of the story of the roses. 'Perhaps they're :from someone at Lee,' Hope hazards, when the fact has been an nounced. 'One could find out, I suppose, at the greenhouses.' 'I don't believe any one at Lee would car ry such an immense bunch of great half blown, deep-red roses, all of one color and kind,' her aunt objects, and at the mention of the 'deep-red roses' Hope is so long silent that Aunt Cass plunges into a. recital of her , meeting with Mrs. Myers, not giving the story ' in full, and dwelling less upon, their conversation than, upon the good looks of the lady, and the evidences of past suffering that her face still bore, thus witnessing to the truth of her tale. | 'And why, pray, should it not be the I truth?' Hope asks somewhat impatiently, j 'It's only another summer boarder, aunt, we shall have them in every house presently,' ? and then she lapses into a 'train of medita- ? tion' which her aunt seems too indolent or too well occupied with her own thoughts to wish to break; and, as those thoughts con tinue to be of the lady of the ^cemetery, she is a little surprised when Hope6 suddenly sits erect and begins: * j 'Aunt Cass!' Now Hope had three forms of address for her aunt, as well as three de grees of warmth, and it is the emphasis, in j part, that marks the difference. When she is in her absorbed and direct mood she says 'Aunt Cass,' the last word slightly explosive, and then you know that Hope is occupied, and wants a direct answer. When she says 'Aunt Cassie,' she is languid, amiable, and probably idle. But when* she says Aunt Cas sandra! the question is beyond argument, and the battle must be to the strong. Aunt Cass starts then, when Hope utters ' her name with that little explosive accent upon it. 'Well, my dear!' growing suddenly wary in her turn. 'At what time did you reach the grave— and find the — red roses upon it?' 'At,' Aunt Cass consults her timepiece gravely. 'I can't say to a moment. I left Mrs. Hilton at half-past three; and — my dear, you must hear about this ghost!' 'Presently, auntie. Now how long were you in reaching the grave — after you en tered the cemetery gate?' 'Well, I declare! Let me see, fifteen min utes, I fancy.' 'And— the roses— they were quite fresh, you say?' 'Quite! As fresh as possible.' 'Um! and the lady, how long had she been there?' ''Just arrived; so she said. I did not see her when I first led my wheel in. I was looting after that.' 'Oh!' groans Hope. 'Those wretched bi- 1 cycles, they manage to thwart me, to get in my way— quite ioo often.' 'Well, the prettty widow won't get in your way, at least, on a 'bike'; she dislikes them, too. Though not so hotly as yourself.' 'On such a day as this,' says Hope un heeding and oracular, 'such a cluster of roses, cut ever so freshly, and laid upon the earth in the sun — more or less — were they in the sun?' 'Yes! I declar&T-they; were, part of them at least.' 'Then, Aunt Cassandra, they had not been on that grave one hour!' 'Hark!' There are steps and voices outside, al though the hour is growing late for callers. Hope moves towards the portiere, but it swings apart and Sheriff Cook stands in the doorway— Sheriff Cook— and behind him— Mrs. Myers. 'Good evening,' he says genially as is his wont; among the ladies he is always a beau of the old school. 'Miss Cassandra Chet wynde, I bring you a waif, a stray. She was violently endeavoring to steer her bark into Lee by your chart and compass, and was coming to grief when I came by, a good Sa maritan for once, and rescued her.' ; (To be continued.) 