CHAPTER VII. The Ghost. We found life on board of our old hulk, an- chored out in the Small Downs, very much fuller of diversion and incident than even I, with all my experience of the ever-changing conditions of the sea, had expected. In the first place, the novelty of the scheme raised curiosity, and curiosity was the means of bringing us quite as much society as ever we wanted. Had we taken furnished apart- ments ashore in the usual way, probably we should not have had a single acquaintance; as it was, I believe that most of the little circle of what is known as "desirable people" living in Deal must have called upon us at one time or another during our voyage at anchor off the old town. Then we had all the pastimes which are afforded by ship- board life to fall back upon when the time hung on our hands, such as boating, fishing, and the innu- merable devices for killing leisure at sea which have been invented by generations of bored ocean going passengers. After about the first fortnight of our existence on board the Calenture, we had all of us grown very much attached to the old hulk, and more so to the happy hours of our summer holiday. With the exception of the brief gale I have already des- cribed, the weather in all this while remained gloriously fine, the sea as calm, and the sky as blue as though we floated upon the waters of the Adriatic at the drowsiest time of the year. We heard no more from either Elizabeth or Emma of their wish to be set ashore, and I divined the reason of this easily enough when my wife told me, with a laugh, two or three days afterwards, that she had discovered the cook was "gone" upon our leading seaman, James Spry. We met with one little incident which disturbed us a bit whilst it lasted, just about this time. A big foreign ship had come in during one forenoon, and anchored a good deal closer to our hulk than vessels usually brought-up. After she had furled all her canvas, and made everything snug, she hoisted out a couple of boats, and it appeared to me that the whole of her people went away ashore. At all events, through my glasses I could not make out any signs of life left on board; fore and aft she appealed quite deserted. It was just after dark that same evening as I was passing to and fro on the poop, smoking a cigar I made out two, boats approaching our vessel; they yawed about very wildly as they came along, and their oars soused and splashed noisily in the water, wind-mill fashion, quite regardless of time. A regular Babel of talking, laughing, and singing also uprose from among the occupants of the two craft. I watched the boats, wondèring what they were at, behaving in this curious fashion, and guessing them to be the same two I had seen put- off from the foreign ship in the morning. "What do you think those chaps are up to?" I cried presently, to Prand, whose shadowy figure, blotted out the low-lying stars beyond the star board cathead. "They seem to be heading for us, don't they?" "I allow that they're the crew of that big ship ahead of us," he answered, "and that they're all so blessed drunk as not to know the difference betwixt their own hooker and this hulk. It's our riding light which attracts them; they haven't got one hoisted aboard their own packet. Shall I hail 'em, sir, and ask where they think they're a-com- ing?" "Ay," said I, "do so." "Ho! the boats ahoy!" he shouted in a voice that must have been plainly audible on Deal beach. "What boats are those?" A brief spell of silence fell upon the uproarious mob in the two little craft; some unintelligible gibberish was then yelled out, followed by a peal of laughter, and more confused jargon as of a lot of voices all talking together. The noise of Prand's ball brought my wife and Daisy up out of the saloon to see what was the matter. The boats were by this time within a hundred yards of us, and still heading on their erratic course in our direction. "Where are you coming to, I say ?" yelled Prand again. "Yash! yash! Ve ond'stan' Engleesh var' veil. Ve all right!" "They are drunk," said Stevens. "As lords!" I answered. "Fancy not being able to distinguish between our hulk, and their own ship. Worthy of foreigners!" "They'll be aboard of us, sir, if we don't, mind our eye!" cried Prand, for the leading boat was now shearing through it almost within arms' reach of the gangway ladder. "Hi! Keep off there, d'ye hear?" I shouted. "This is not your ship." But even whilst I was bellowing, and our three hands who had now all assembled upon the top gallant forecastle were, shouting to the foreigners, the boat drove against our side with a blow like to have carried away her stem. Several of the floun- dering occupants fell head over heels into the bottom of her; one of the men in the bows grabbed up a boathook, which he swung round on to our accommodation rail, the fellow then took a turn with the painter, and the boat slewed to the tide right alongside the gangway grating. What fol- lowed happened almost in less time that it takes me to narrate it. The men tumbled out of their craft in a wild, headlong, roaring scramble, flocked up the ladder, and before we had well recovered from our astonishment stood, together in a group of some dozen or so upon the deck near the mizzen rigging. "What an invasion!" exclaimed my wife. "You had better go below at once—you and Daisy," said I swiftly. "These men are intoxi- cated; we may have trouble with them, and in any case it is best for you to be out of the way." They withdrew at once, and when they had gone I strode towards the little band of intruders, and said in a loud, clear voice, "You have made a mistake. You have got no right on board here at all, and the best thing you can do is to go away again. Yonder is your ship; look, the people in the other boat see the mistake and are rowing away from us!" for I just then perceived that the second boat had sheered off and was pulling to wards the shadowy shape of the vessel ahead. "Who vhas you? You be —! Ve coyme here iv e — veli vants' to!" exclaimed a big whiskered man in a red check shirt and knee boots. Several of the others conversed together, pouring forth torrents of what I took to be Span- ish words. Some of them, I think, were expos- tulating and pointing out that they had mista- ken their road, whilst the more drunken and riot- ous amongst them seemed very much disposed to make as much disturbance as they could. I took notice, in the paleness of the starlight, that near- ly every man of them wore a sheath knife girt to his hip, a significant fact that gave me to know that we must be cautious in dealing with these foreign scoundrels. The fellow who had so insolently answered in broken English folded, his arms; and stood glaring at me, swaying unsteadily from side to side. A companion of his touched him upon the shoulder, and with many gesticulations vomited forth a perfect cascade of gibberish, to which the tall whiskered man responded by fiercely digging his elbow into the other's ribs. My three men had come aft immediately upon our being boarded in this fashion, and, mounting the poop ladder, drew near to where I stood. I fancy we should have speedily got rid of our intoxicated and jabbering visitors had it not most inopportunely happened that Elizabeth and Emma, who had been engaged together upon some job in the galley, at this juncture stepped out to come aft. A bright sheen of haze streamed through the door of the deck house immediately it was opened, and besides at- tracting the eye to that part of the vessel it threw out in strong relief the figures of the two servants as they came along the main deck. The sight of the women had a most unfortunate effect upon the little mob of drunken and excited foreign sailors. A loud chorus of shouts and laughter broke from them, and there was a gene- ral shuffling movement, as though most of them would have gone in pursuit of the girls; perceiv- ing, which my three men promptly threw them selves across the head of the poop ladder, and so barred the way. Stand back! shouted Spry, in his deepest, gruffest tones. "Ne'er a man of your scowbank crew molests a woman aboard here until he passes over my body." "Ay, and ye'll have two more, who pretty well know what they have to reckon with," growled Allen, clenching his fists, and squaring his elbows. Things looked ugly, as though a row were brood- ing, in which we were likely to fare badly, both from the great superiority of numbers and from the dastardly, treacherous manner with which foreign sailors use knives in a fight. "If it comes to a shindy," said I hurriedly to Stevens, who stood near me, "those, ruffians will probably attempt bloodshed. We are in a dan- gerous situation, and have a right to protect our- selves against the malignant villains. Have you a revolver?" "Yes." Then nip below and fetch it. Don't tell Mrs. Stormouth or Daisy what is going on. And just opon the door of my cabin as you pass, and on the shelf over the head of the bunk you will find a revolver and a case of cartridges. Bring them up, like a good fellow." "He" ran swiftly to the hatch, vanished, and re- turned again very expeditiously." "Load your pistol, but don't use it unless I tell you to," said I, receiving my weapon and rapidly charging the six chambers of it. "lt is already loaded," he answered. "Then mind it don't explode accidentally. Keep close to me now." I crossed the deck, and planted myself beside my three men, Walter, following me like a shadow. The foreigners had approached very close to where we.stood, and wore a menacing aspect; but my blood was up now, and though I earnestly desired to avoid a conflict, I was resolved that not a man of the insolent, threatening, gang should pass the poop ladder. "Ve are going to talk to der girls," said the big whiskered man, of the broken Engish, who had spoken before. "No, no," said I resolutely. "This is all a mis- take! You will get into trouble if you stop here you know enough English to understand what I am saying. Tell your comrades they had better go away quietly in the boat, and get on board your own ship again." "I will kiss dem girls first," growled the big whiskered man, striding forward a step. I raised my arm and covered his face with my revolver, the bright barrel of which glinted in the star light. "Another step," said I, my voice swelling loud and tremulous with the rising passion within me, "and I will shoot you dead!" He recoiled, with his hand wandering in a grop- ing way to the haft of his sheath-knife; the hound was not so drunk but that, he could see and ap- preciate his peril. "Gif us some drink, und ve goes quietly," he said sulkily. "Not a drop! Walter, let them see your pistol. Look!" I cried, as Stevens flourished his weapon before their eyes. "You are dealing with armed men. You had better be careful." I cannot say how far they comprehended my words, but the significant appeal of the two re- volvers could scarcely be miscontrued by the most intoxicated of them, for none was so far gone in liquor as to be without the power of understanding. The whole body of them shuffled back a little, I, keeping ing my weapon steadily levelled meanwhile, with my finger nervously and dangerously twitching at the trigger. "Bully 'em a little more, sir, and they'll go." muttered Allen. "Them foreigners is mortal curs." "Go!" I repeated. "Your boat is alongside; get into her and pull off!" They still hung in the wind a little, and the big whiskered man, who appeared to be the only one among them who understood English, made a few more insolent remarks in his ludicrous accent. I could, however, see that the majority of them was inclined to take their departure, but they were de- layed by two or three of the more turbulent among the little crowd, who evidently wanted to create a disturbance. "I'd like to dot that there tall beggar one for his-self, just to help him over the side," said Spry, shouldering his way betwixt Stevens and myself. "No, no!" said I. "We may get rid of them quietly now, but if you strike one of them it will at once be a provocation to a melee that may pro- bably end in bloodshed, and we don't want that." He arrested his step, and plunged his hands in to his breeches' pockets. I would have fired a shot or two in the air, as a hint to the villains to expedite their departure, only that I knew the sound of the reports would terribly alarm my wife and Daisy, and might possibly incite the drunken foreigners to commit some act of violence. In the end, however, they took their departure with- out giving us any further trouble. First one, and then another of them edged over to the head of the gangway steps, till presently the whole mot- ley mob stood together there, talking with fierce energy and abundance of gesticulation. They seemed to make up their minds to leave the hulk all at once, for the whole crew of them made a sudden rush down the ladder; they cleared out indeed as rapidly as they had come on board, and you would have thought that a panic had seized them, to behold their headlong manner of going. "What an intrusion," said Stevens to me. "Do you think this sort of thing is likely to happen often whilst we remain anchored here?" "I never heard of such an experience before." I answered. "The drunken sweeps! I really was afraid that we should have had an ugly busi- ness. Men in their condition, especially foreig- ners, are very quarrelsome. I believe it was nothing but the sight of our pistols which quelled them. They reckoned they were going to take liberties with the servants. However, there they go, and may a sea blesslng follow them. Come, let us go below to put away our revolvers and drink a glass of grog. You acted pluckily, Wal ter." "Oh, I was quite prepared to blaze away had there been occasion," he replied. "Mrs. Stor- mouth and Daisy will be getting anxious." "We will soon set their minds at rest," said I, and down we went into the saloon. I may add, as a sequel to this little adventure, that we after- wards learnt the vessel was a Spanish trader, bound to Bilbao from Hull; that the mate had died in the North Sea, and the captain lay in his cabin with delirium tremens; and that being quite help- less when, the ship was off the North Foreland, the boatswain had engaged a Deal boatman to carry her into the Downs and bring up, as there was nobody else on board competent to navigate the craft, and she had no pilot. Profiting by the example of the skipper, after the vessel had anch- ored, all hands appear to have taken French leave, and gone ashore to enjoy themselves. Lloyds agent at Deal got intelligence of the matter, and communicated with the owners, who required him to have the ship detained, as she was unfit to proceed to sea with the captain in that state. The skipper, however, got wind of this, and in a lucid interval, I suppose, thought it as well to cut and run, which he did at dawn three days after; they managed to blunder down Channel as far as Port- land, and there cast the ship away upon the Sham- bles. It was on the evening following this episode with the, drunken foreigners that we went ashore to dine with Major Appleby in compliance with the in- vitation he had given us some few days before. He had asked us to come quite without cere- mony; his own dress clothes, he said, along with most of his daughter's fine feathers, had foundered in the Snarl, and they had not yet had time to provide themselves with a new rig-out. Notwith- standing this, however, my wife and daughter took as much time over their toilet as though they had been preparing for a court ball. As for Wal- ter Stevens, I never should have believed that any man could have been so utterly effeminate as to take the pains to soap, and scent, and starch him self to the extent that this youth did. "I don't like going out to dinner in anything else but evening, dress, you know," said he, as he emerged from his cabin into the saloon, pulling down the sparrow-shaped tails of a black coat he wore. "Why, it might rather spoil your appetite, certainly," I said a little contemptuously. "D'ye think soup goes down better, or an entree is more palatable, on account of a larger expanse of shirt- front than you're showing now?" He surveyed me with his feeble smile, and an- swered that if it came to that, he didn't suppose it was. "Well, for my part, I think Walter is quite right to be punctilious in his observance of social eti- quette," said my wife. "It is particularly import- ant to a young professional man." "No doubt it helps a doctor in his practice," said I, drily. "But I suppose, after all," people are chiefly judged by appearances. Come, are we ready? If we are to be punctilious in etiquette, my dear, let us sustain it right through; no use in being faultless in one's dress, and keeping your entertainers waiting half an hour for their din- ner." "I believe papa is getting an old gourmand," said Daisy, laughing. "He ought to have been a city alderman." We now embarked in our boat, and were land- ed at the pier, and I could not resist chuckling at the unhappy Walter's agony of mind when, in striding from the gunwale on to the landing stage, his foot slipped upon the weedy step and plunged his left leg into the water to half-way up the knee of his irreproachable trousers. A fife and drum band on the end of the pier were playing (by kind permission of the colonel and officers of the Royal Marines) various poular airs of the day for the edification of the handful of people who promenaded the spider- like structure. "This is truly a primitive and quaint old place," said I to my wife. "Fife and drums make, no doubt, a very appropriate and martial noise for troops to keep step to; but fancy seriously sub- mitting that tootling and rattling of pigskin as an attractive entertainment for grown-up people." "Oh, well, it seems to please them," answered Maria, whose ear for music did not rise to dis- tinguishing the difference between "Rule Britan- nia" and the "Jewel Song" in "Faust." "I do not speak disparagingly," said I. "The Deal people's notions of music, if they are to be gauged from their evident appreciation of that shrill band, are quite in accord with the old fashioned character of their town." "You are in a sarcastic mood to-night, papa," said Daisy. "Leave the poor little fife and drum band alone; they are doing their best, and I am sure they are playing very well." "Besides, think how it would hurt the feelings ot Captain Talbot to speak disrespectfully of his regi- mental band," said Stevens, with some asperity. "Did you get very wet, Walter?" inquired Daisy, demurely. "My left shoe is full of water—can't you hear the beastly thing squelching every time I put it to the ground?" he replied. "Well, fortunately our friends are in lodgings," said I, "and no doubt will not show too much solicitude about the carpets." "No, but the look of the thing." "Appearances before comfort, eh!" exclaimed Daisy. "If I were you, Walter, the feel would trouble me a great deal more than the look, and Miss Constance, I am sure, will greatly sympa- thise with your misfortune. What a huge thing the Calenture seems, papa, looking at her from the shore." 'Yes, the old hulk looms up bravely. The length of a ship will never make up for her lack of freeboard to the eye; you must have height of side to suggest burthen. Compare the Victory in Portsmouth Harbor with a modern turret-ship of twice the length and three times her tonnage, whose decks are nearly awash, and see which looks the larger." Chatting in this strain, we soon arrived at the house on the Esplanade wherein the Major had told us he had taken rooms. A very trim-looking maid admitted us, in response to my wife's thun- dering fusilade with the knocker, and showed us up on to the front landing, where we were received by the military gentleman and his daughter. The former, with much boisterous welcoming, almost hustled Stevens and myself into the drawing room, whilst the latter temporarily spirited away the feminine members of our party in that mys- terious manner which usually attends the arrival of ladies at an entertainment. "Devlish hot to-night!" said the Major, mop- ping his brow with a silk handkerchief as he pushed us into the apartment. "I envy you out on that old catamaran of yours this grilling weather. Daresay you find it pretty cool on the water most of the time? Do you know Mr. Blanksee?" I said I hadn't the pleasure, and a tall, grave person rose from the sofa, and solemnly inclined his figure from the hips in anticipation of being introduced. His bow, indeed, recalled to my mind [sic] description of Johnson's bow to a bishop. "Captain Stormouth—the gentleman whose ship sunk the Snarl," said Major Appleby, with a comprehensive wave of the hand. "Dr. Ste- vens whose professional skill would be very neces- sary to restore exhausted and startled yachtmen if there should be often occasion to move the hulk. 'Gad, though, it's scarcely fair to me— it wasn't your fault! Lovejoy's squint lost me my yawl, nothing else." Mr. Blanksee—whom I subsequently learnt was an old comrade of the Major's, a retired army captain, who earned a pittance by officiating in vacant pulpits—stroked his hands upon his waist- coat, and said that he should imagine our me- thod of spending a holiday was truly enchanting. I was spared the necessity of agreeing in his re- marks by the entrance of the ladies, and when the general flapping had subsided the maid threw open the door and announced Captain Talbot. "Ah, there you are!" cried Major Appleby, ad- vancing to the young officer. "Glad you've been able to come. I thought you'd manage it all right. The captain of the day gets his sub. to turn out the guard and take visiting rounds for him—sly dogs these Marines, eh, Blanksee!" Well, I'm delighted you contrived to get away. No need to introduce you to anybody here, I think. Hallo!—I beg your pardon, Dr. Stevens—have you been overboard?" All eyes turned upon the unfortunate Walter at this, who, with a large black patch of wet draining slowly from his feet, like the enlarge- ment of an ink stain on blotting paper, sat in a conspicuous position near one of the windows. "I slipped into the sea in jumping out of the boat and got one of my feet very wet," explained he, holding up his sodden shoe with a grin of embarrassment. "Oh, you cannot possibly spend the evening in that condition," cried Miss Constance, "You will catch your death of cold." "It is uncomfortable, but I don't mind," said Walter, with an air of modest heroism. "Had you been in pumps we should not be surprised at finding you surrounded by water," said the Major, grinning at his vile pun. "But Constance is right; you will find it miserable to spend the evening in that state. If you will come with me, I will see what I can do towards remedying your discomfort." The two of them left the room. Miss Appleby came across and seated herself by my side. She looked uncommonly well, I thought in the pale pink dress she wore, with a large red rose en- twined in her piled-up tresses of lustrous brown hair. Captain Talbot sat down near Daisy, the Rev. Mr. Blanksee addressed himself in sepul- chral accents to my wife, and the conversation became general. After a while the Major re- turned, followed by Walter, whom he had re-shod in a pair of his own boots, and presently we went down to dinner. The meal was very much in the conventional order of such entertainments. We sat, ate, drank, talked, and laughed after the usual man- ner of such gatherings. The Major came out with several capital stories, and proved himself very good company. I praised his wine and ci- gars, and in return, he complimented me up- on my taste, and so we got on very well. After dinner the parson was particularly keen on play- ing a rubber of whist, and I saw that the Major was very favorably disposed that way; but the motion didn't suit his daughter, who foresaw that she would be robbed of masculine society for the remainder of the evening if the proposal were carried into effect, so she promptly vetoed the idea as selfish. (To be continued.) 