A DOMESTIC DISCOMFITURE. A SHORT ST3RY IN TWO v CHAPTERS, ? " M ? i CHAPTER I. All quiet; a bright fire burning in the polished grate ; the cat purring sleepily on the rug; the clock ticking faintly cn the mantelpiece, and Mrs. Shaw's needle glancing in and out of her work like a soiall ray of lightning. The children were all tucked up so ugly in bed, for Mr, Julius Shaw liked to be quiet when he came home fron business, and Mrs. *haw was the mcst devoted and obedient of conjugal partners. It was - an exquisitely neat room—a room where the sweet home element predominated—a room to which the tired business man wight look forward all day as a baveu of rest and peace. The clock struck eight; pussy stretched herself drowsily before the fire, and Mr. Shaw laid down lis paper with a preparatory * ahem ! ' * An i now, Mil'iceht,' he said, authoritatively, * you may being me your household bills/ Poor Mrs. Shaw started in her chair as if a cannon-ball had bi oken into the cosy little apartment. How much she dreaded the weekly recurrence of this domestic scrutiny was only known" to herself: It was the skeleton in her closet—the onlj embittering element cf her happy home life—the*; trrrantinsr ghost -that . nq. diplomacy had yet enabled ber to exorcise. Yet, like a well-trained wife as she was, she brought the tiny packet of bills, aim#at at her husb«nd's"siae. ~' 1 ^ ' ^ * She was a pretty woman, tall and graceful, with straight regular features, rosy cheeks, and soft, wistful eyes; a woman whose hands were always white and delicate, atra whose dresses al s seemed to fit like magic. * Nor was Mr. Julius Shaw a disagreeable specimen of mankind. He was iarge and finely formed, with black hair, strongly disposed to curl, and bright black eyes. Yet there was a certain curve in his upper lip that indicated somewhat of the imperative mood. . ^' Butter agailn ! that's five pounds we .Jiave used within the V veek/ moanied Mr.jShaw^Tiecking off with the little gold pencil that huug at : his witch chain the various items of the grocer's bill. * My dear, does Sarah giease the kitchen i pans with butter ?' Mrs. Shaw's cheeks glowed * Now, Jul:us, what ia the use of talking in that sarcastic way ? You know very well that a family like ours cannot subsist on air—-and you like to have all the cooking very rich.' 4 Rich ! I should think so. Hatn —cod-fish. By the way, Millicent, Jones says they only buy meat three times a week—have it cold every other day. His wife knows how to economise. I suppose you haven't the least ilea what becomes of the joints after they leave the table ? * * I have no doubt of Sarah's perfect honesty, Julias.' 4 Oh, no—of course not. But I do think, Millicent, it is a wife's duty to pay some attention to her husband's pocket.' '.Why, our bills *re not disproportionately large.' * * They must bid, my dear -they are. Positively enough to frighten one to run over th* items in the , , I housekeeping accounts. Sugar, oil J • . , ' ', laiains, oysters ! Millicent, do II . „ ' keep a restaurant ? If not, where do all these things go ? Mrs. Shaw was fiileni. Bread, steaka, joint, two tens of II ltTT- I ! ITli-ki-. mir .-irn>/1' f . „ coal! Upon my word this is dread- j ful!' Still Mrs. Shaw m untamed complete ta 2i tu rnity. * fttillicent,' said her husbanl placing the bills rarher emphatically on fchfe table, * we must turn' over a new leaf—we mast, positively. Can't you retrench the expenses ?' 4 How?' 4 In a thousand *ays, my dear. Why, my mother never spent half the money you contrive to spend, and theie **ere twelve of us.' 4 Your mother lived on a farm, Julias. The milk, buiter, cheese, and vegetables were from her farm and diary—the meat and poultry were from her owh barn yard.and. pasture. I do not think it fair to institute a comparison- between hsr expenses and mill* 1 .' , ;™> th fV he :? y0U WOmeQ aU d IhtT l l impatiently. 1 All I know IE that there must be a screw loose somewhere. economise.' You must . xr 1 . , . 4 My love, don't you see I'm just lightnipg my cigar ? I can never smoke whexi my min I is in anyway disturbed. Suppose we dismiss the subject? I am quite sure that I have stated my wishes with sufficient distinctaess.' .-• Mrs. Shaw bit her lip and se we i away vigorously, but if her thoughts could have descended ic a shower bath oa Mr. Julius Shaw's devoted head, how they would have startled him from'the calm complacency of his mood. 4 Yes, 111 economise,' thought Mrs. Shaw, vindictively dragging the thread through the seams. 4 I'll give him enough of retrenchment Why will a man lower his dignity so far as to interfere in matters h«» knows nothing about F I \vonder if he thinks ni te jpersoiis li^^n ^int of milk and two leaked j|otatOes a ?- 1 wondet if ^ kno^ I mike all the puddings' land piesj' afd^e out the tea and coffee, and superintend everything myself? He might know if he would take the trouble to enquire ; instead of indulging in sweeping denunciations. I wonder if he ever suspects that I trim my ( own bonne* and make my own dresses, and make the little one'® OUtlay ? f toSgh to make a woman , wiBh she had never got married.' But then Millicent thought of the little oiies "fast asleep upstairs, and came to the conclusion tbat on the whole there were some, sunbeams in her lot. (To be Continued.) Trial by jury has been established in Siberia by a recent ukase of the Czar, 