OUTLAW TBACKINft. ? ^ ? . -By Ernest Favenc.) /P&^lfe,,. ^mS^ try the trop ics, the star s tudded sky -was now ser ene and cloud less. But ?we were miser ably wet and cold. The fire had been put out in spite of our best endea- vors, and I kb crouched down with our sodden blankets over I onr shoulders, making strenuous efforts to relight I it. Brient went down the bank of the creek to I try and get a dry underlayer of tea-tree bark. I i heard a fall and a splash, followed by bad lan I guage, and guessed that he had gone over a steep I piece of bank in the dark. However, as the I creek was not deep, and he could not get much I wetter than he was already, I did not trouble to I go to his assistance. Presently he came, still I mildly blasphemous, but he had got some dry I bark and twigs from under a heap of drift wood, I and with these we soon had the fire alight and I going. We put some water on to make tea and I started our pipes. I 'Funny thing we can't hear we bells, said. I Brient. 'The horses ought to be feeding now.' I 'I'm afraid they have started walking before I the wind and rain, like they are very fend of I doing,' I replied. I 'They'll be a Jolly long way off in the I jnoTBing then,' returned my mate. Ifs I scarcely worth while turning in again in these I vet blankets.' I 'No. lef s get a couple of saplings and bang I them up, they'll dry a bit, and keep the cold air I from our backs.' I We did as I had suggested, and sat smoking and I yarning until the glorious morning star was over I the tree tops. I 'Things will be safe enough,' said Brient, 1 I think we had better both go after the horses, as I they have very likely split up in the storm.' I First putting our traps a bit together, we start I ei for where we had last heard the horse bells, I and soon picked up the tracks. As I had suspect I ed, they had been shuffling along before the fury I of the wind and driving ram, and were probably I now several miles away. We walked on through I the wet grass rather sulkily, antil about an hour I after sunrise. Brient, who was ahead, uttered I an exclamation of surprise. I 'Niggers!' he said. 'tiOdk at that.' A big trail came across in a slanting direction, and followed the horse tracks we were following. 'They're only just ahead; the tracks are red hot,' said Brient. 'All bucks, too; not a gin's nor piccaninny's track amongst them.' 'They'll spear the horses if they pull them up [ first,' I said. 'And we have only got our re volvers with us.' 'No time to go back for the carbines,' said Brient, 'we must push on, and trust to provi dgnce.' And we did push on. If we overtook the blacks before they reached the horses, who must be pretty close now, we might be able to give them a sudden fright, and scare them. We had scar cely gone half a mile, however, when a quick jangling of the bells ahead told us that we were a few minutes too late. Running through a belt of scrub which separated hs from the scene, we came right on top of the blacks unseen by them, and had used our revol vers to some effect before they were aware of our presence, and took to their heels. One, a tall fellow, stopped when he got to the timber, for the horses had been feeding on a small plain Then attacked, and made an insulting gesture, crying out as he did so in English: 'Whitefellow next time.' Brient had a long shot at him, but he was too far off for a revolver, and, with a laugh, he disappeared. ! 'It's that ? Corny who ran away from Holt's [ Station, and joined the blacks. Holt ought to ' have gone after him at once; but he's such a lazy pig,' said Brient, disgustedly. We went over to the horses, and Brient broke out in imprecations on the heads of the niggers. His favorite horse was just dying. There were three spears in his body, and as his master knelt down by him, he stretched out Ms quivering limbs, and gave up the ghost Poor Brient had tears in his eyes, and I left him, and went to look at the others. Out of the six remaining two were wounded, but not badly, but the others were un hurt, or comparatively so. We went back .to camp, leaving the body of poor Rattler on the plain, covered with mulga boughs, for, said Brient, 'those cursed crows shan't come mauling ftirn about if I can help it. They can have the dead Diggers.' I 'Look here, Ned,' said Brient suddenly, after we had got to camp, and doctored the wounded f horses up a bit, 'I'll never rest till I get that in ternal Corny. Let's go after him and his lot be fore we go to- the range.' (We were bound on a prospecting trip at the time.) 'These horses must have a spell, and we'll leave them here until we come back.' 'And the niggers will come along and finish I them,' I remarked. '0 well, we must chance all that. I don't .Hunk that any ef Corny's mob will turn back I [then we are on their tracks. There are three I out there at any rate who won't.' Brient was more excited than ever I had seen ten befor,e, but then his horse Battler had been i the apple of his eye. He had broken him in as ; a colt, and scarcely anybody but Brient had ever crossed his back. This runaway blackboy Corny, too, was suspected of more than one murder, and, by unwritten law, was a prescribed outlaw. So w planted such of our belongings as we did not Irish to take with us, and started at once to pick up the tracks, which, thanks to the storm, were remarkably plain. Although they had some hours' start of us, we were able to travel pretty quickly, an-3 we came to tie camp where it was evident that they had picked up their women and child ren, and this camp showed signs of hasty de parture, for a good deal of their impedimenta had beea left behind. Worthless most of it, but still, as a rule, a blackfellow leaves nothing be hind if he can help it. From the deserted camp the track turned direct to the range, almost to the very spot where we had — on account of a wild tale told by a man whom we once picked up dying of thirst, and whom we could not keep alive— intended to go prospecting. On we went, and the tracks, as Brient said, were getting red hot. 'Remember,' said Brient, 'we have taken it out of the others already for killing the horses, and Corny is the man we want. We can easily pick him out by his height.' I nodded, to inti mate that I understood, and we pressed on. It Tras about 4 o'clock that we came on the rear -ji the blacks, who were straggling along, evi dently making for the range, in order to gain it oefore the native police were on their heels, bome old gin caught sight of us in spite of all our care, for we' turned off, hoping to get round to the lead unobserved, for we guessed that Corny would be there. The old nag set up a scream or warning that could be heard. for a mile, and tnero was nothing for it but to dash straight a aead. Some of the blacks took to trees, after me very iooiisq custom tnat they have, and others crawled in the undergrowth, for we had overtaken them iust in the middle of a scrub. «ot taking any notice of these, we kept on ahead, and presently caught sight of a bunch of niggers trotting along, with Corny's tall form well in the «ad. Brient took after him in such desperate haste that he never looked where he was riding, and his horse came down with him, and gave Dun a nasty spill. I pulled up to see if he was nurt, and by the time he had got over his shaking there was not a native to be seen, and the silence of the grave reilned over the scrub lately ringing with yellings ana bowlings. Not a black was in sight, Corny nad made good use of the time afforded him, and vanished. The first thing Brient did was, of. couiBe, to use bad language towards me tor stop Ping to took after him instead «f following Corny. ' « we could get hold of one of those gins, they could find him,' h© sala. 'They can't be far away. Goodnessknows there Were enough of them '* the scrub just now.' 'Just as well look for &e; proverbial needte,' I answered^ ?? ? ? ? . Brient remounted and started on a fount through the scrub, and, as I thought I might as well see the thing through,. I accompanied him. Just as we *ere on the point of giving it up, my horse nearly troa on a young, gin, cowering under a bush of what la known locally as 'wait-a-bit.' She frightened the soul out of both of us 4-y suddenly Jumping tip with a scream of fright. Stf clever was she hiding that neither of us suspected her close pre^ sence. After soothing -her fears, Brient sounded her as well as he was able on the^subJeTEt of Corny, whose name was perfectly familiar with the blacks. She intimated her willingness to go on his tracks but, as by this time it was growing dusk, we had to defer the start until the morning. We camped at a email creek, and secured the gin, who did not understand a Buckle, by a rein to a sapling. We gave her a good feed, and Brient remarked as we' lay smoking on our blankets, 'I hope she won't do what I knew two blackfellows do once in West Australia.' A constable was taking them down to Fremantle, and when he camped one night he chained them to a sapling. Next morning there were no prisoners and no sapling. They had managed to uproot it and. carried it away. Finally the sapling was found with the chain fastened to it' Brient's yarn sent me off into a sound sleep, and in the morning the gin was there, apparently very comfortable after her feed. She proved a splendid tracker, and seemed to stick to Corny's track in a wonderful way, until it separated from the others, and made off for the nearest point of the range; An about 12 o'clock we were amongst the rocks of the higher portions of the range. 'By Jove!' said Brient, 'this is the very spot the poor old beggar described to us.' Before us lay a small plateau from the centre of which rose an outcrop of quartz; rather a big reef in fact. The gin was ahead picking out Cor ny's tracks with the accuracy of a trained hound, and we were riding leisurely behind, when the black woman suddenly gave a frightened shriek, and, before we could draw our revolvers, or right ly comprehend what was happening, she was stretched dying on the ground. Corny had been concealed behind the rocky wall of reef; he had glided out and speared the un fortunate gin at our horses' feet. Brient took after him like a madman; but I stopped to see after the gin. One look showed that I could do nothing, so I galloped after Brient, who was now nearly out of sight. . Corny was doubling in amongst the rocks and boulders, eo that I easily overtook Brient, and the hunt became very keen. With the two of us he had no chance, and he soon recognised it, for, tak ing advantage of Brient being on the lower side of the mountain slope, he managed to start the boulder behind which he had been sheltering, and send it down on top of Brient. The latter tried to pull his corse aside, but failed, and the boulder knocked the pair of them headlong. Corny gave a shout of exultation, but he had exposed himself and my carbine was ready. That was the last shout he ever uttered. To my surprise Brient was almost unhurt. The horse had its shoulder bro ken, and had to be shot. We went up to the body of the outlaw. 'He nearly had me, old man,' said my com panion, 'but what's this?' The stone dislodged by Corny was part of another outcrop, and there was gold unmistakeably showing in tile face of the unearthed portion. The reef on the plateau described to us by the dying traveller was worth less. The real reef was where the outlaw died, as we afterwards found to our mutual benefit. 