COMPLETE IN TWO INSTALMENTS. inEininni. II Y WELLESLEY PAIN. ("copyright.! (Concluded.) Another week went by and still Charles Rc.rtall was not found. All tlio local papers nud most of tho London dailies contained ft iudioiouslv worded advertisement in their ugOny oolumus addressed to him, but as yet those had mot with no response. Tlio oxoitc- mcnt among tho natives of Browhy occasioned by the presence of expert poachers und burglars in thoir midst was increased as each day wont by and no arrests were made. .Charlio considered that ho had a double motivo for arointing iu dis covering tho whereabouts of thu pouoliers Through them ho would possibly bo able to truce his brother-in-law, and at the sumo timo ho would be pleasing tho head gamokcopcr. In this latter surmiao, Charlie was entirely wrong. The lioud gamokuopor wished to have tiio task of capturing tho now gang of poachers left entirely to himself. Ono evening, as Charlie was wulkiug softly through a copao at tho back of. tho keeper's cottage, ho was startled at hearing a sudden sneezing. It was immediately followed by a hurried whispering, iu which he could only catch an occasional word : 44 Fool— 9nuff. Keep it- — done— here to-night." His first impulse on hearing this was to run away us quickly as possible , but ho checked himsolf and remained motionless. Then, to his horror, tho words of tho next speaker becumo more distiuct. The men ware coming slowly towards the very spot on which ho was standing ! Ho had no time to consider his best course of action ; the ineu were almost upon hint. Quickly and noiselessly he crept behind a small bush and lay down. Iu another moment the two men came up to him and ono of them kicked aaiust his leg iu passing. Charlio doubled his fists— thoy wcro his only weapons — and held himself ready to spring up. But tlio mou laid passed on iu a moment; Uharlic had not been dis covered. He listened intently to all thoy said, but was iinablo to hear more than a few sentences, as tho men wcro walking quickly. Those few sentences, liowovm, wore those that ho had for many days wished to hear. Ah soon as the men had gone. Charlio crept cjintiouhly from his hiding place and, getting to open couutry, ruu at his top speed to tho head gamekeeper's cottage. IIo found Thorn- hill at his garden gato ; ho was jusc about to go on his evening round. Charlie quickly related all ho lind herml. Tho poachers— nr at any rare the two whoso conversation he had overheard — wcro going to work that night in tho neighbourhood of a certain place in tho woods known ns tho 44 Dotiblo Stile." (It derived its mime from tho fact that a former owner liad once orected there n .stile of his own designing and of a curious shape.) Thornhill — the head gamekeeper — was not inclined to beiievo Charlie's story. Feasibly ho did not want to belinvo it. 44 Look you here, young man," ho said. 44 I've had enough of yon hanging about my cottage. I know what you come for, and I toif you it's no use. You'd best givo it- up and go back to where you como from, and if you think you're goin' to got mc over to "4 Double St'ilo ' to-night whilo you como riunglm' round outside my daughter's window you're imstakou! That's all I've got to say to you, aud good-night." Ho picked up his gun aud was soon out of sight. Charlio retraced liis steps, and meditated over what he had heard. Should ho go to 44 Double Stiio " himself, and risk the chances of n ponsiblo conflict with tho poachers, a con flict in which ho know ho would have no chance of succeeding ? Should ho go to any other of the keepers and give them the warn ing? He at once negatived this question, for the simple reason that all tho keojpers on duty would bo out, and therefore inacces sible. Aftor much thought he at longth decided to go to 44 Double Stile" himself, aud to rick the eousequences. Having made up his mind on this point lie walked slowly aloug the road, for it was still early in tho night, and smoked ft cigarette. He had no wish to mnko his way through tho woods to "Double Stile" until it was absolutely necessary that ho should leave the high rond. He know tho oxaot spot at which ho would have to enter tho woods. He sauntered slowly along, and tried to think of anything elso but tho work in hand, for in truth tho nearer ho got to44Doublo Stile " tho loss firm became his resolution to go thore. The night was black and forbid ding ; ho was alone aud unarmed. It hud occurred to him that by reaching the place early in tho evening ho might pos sibly be ablo to prevent a disturbance. Ho pictured to himsolf tho delight of beiug able to writo to his sister that her husband was a free man, und on his way to moot her. Charlie had determined on a reconciliation and a reformation, but ho had only the vaguest idea of how ho was to effect this happy result. When ho reached tho spot at which he had to leave the high road and enter the woods, lie threw away 4 his cigarette, buttoned his coat, and grasped firmly a stout ask stick that he had cut during his walk. He walked quickly along a narrow path in tlio midst of a thickly-wooded copse. At the end of this path there was a slump of a tree. He sat dowu on this and waited, for ho was now within 30 yards of 44 Double Stile." Tho night was still ; ho was ablo to hear his wutch ticking, and ho thought thut his heart-bouts were keeping lime with it. Ho was in too feverish a mood to bo ablo to sit still long, and he was about to rise nnd rc- suiuo his walk, whon lio heard a slight rustle in tho bushes behind him. Ho turned quickly, but not before two hands had been placed over his eyes ! For a moment ho remtiiucd motionless, and then ho tried to release himself. Again ho stopped. Ho hud suddenly realised tho faot that tho hands over his eyos wero soft and Rlendor ; they wero undoubtedly the hands of a woman ! He leaped up with a bound, clutched tho two hands in his, and drugged the woman towards him. It was his lady-love— Isabel Thornhill 1 Thoir recognition of each other was simultaneous. 44 You hero !" ho whispered. "You!" 44 Yes — yes — I thought—" Sho was gasping in terror at tho sudden turn of events. 44 Who is it you come to seo?" ho asked quickly, 44 Tell mo— now — at once— or " But he did not finish the sentence. A man's fist was dashed in his face, and a man's voice said : 4 4 You skulking liound, be off ! I thought this was your littio game. Now go, at once ! Do you hoar P Go, or you will be sorry you stopped!" It was Thornhill— Isabel's father— who was speaking, but Charlie, dazed by tho blow, did not recognise tho voice. Ho rushed at his assailant, nnd the two mon olosed. But it was only for a moment. There was another rustling in tho bushes behind them, and a man sprang out to separate them. He grasped Charlio by the collar, swung him loose from Thornhill's grip, and threw him, stunned and bleeding, on to tho soft turf, where ho lay motionless. Then tho stranger turned his attention to Thornhill, hut this timo housed no force. Ho placed one arm round Thornhill's waist, nud steadied him. Tlion he nseurod him quietly that his daughter was quito safe, and that his antagonist was at tho present moment sonsoloss. If he hnd reversed tho statement it would have beou equally true, sinco Miss Isabol Thornhill had fainted Away as soon as her father had appeared on the scene. She quiokly recovered, howovor, nnd walked slowly away With hor father and tho mys terious stranger. Charlie Mill lay exaotly'us fio foil. Ho'lmd struok his head against the stump of a trco, and blood was oozing from the wound. Thornhill, his daughter, and the stranger walked back towards tho cottage. When Thornhill hud recovered from the effects of what ho porsisted in' calling his "atfcaok" ho asked tho stranger for his name, that he might givo it to Lord Browhy's steward. 44 1 don't know your face," said Thornhill, 44 but it's n good 'un, I know that. You be a stranger in thoso parts, eh, sir ? " "Well — er — yes, I ate and I'm not." 44 Weil, sir, onco more, thank you very much. You just caught that chap proper. My word! didn't he go down! You don't think wo ought to send tho dootor down to 'im, do ye?" 44 Oh, no ; he'll bo all right in tho morning I should say. It won't do him any harm to stuv there for a few hours." 44 But, if you'll excuse my asktn', sir, how como you to bo thoro nt this time o' night?" 44 Well, the fact is I'm dqin' a little pri vate detcutivo business on my own account. What with all fcliesn poachers and hnrglars, I thought I'd hoc if I couldn't got a little bit of excitement by catohing one o' thorn— just for tlio fun of tho thing, you know." 44 Well, I hope you aren't hurt, sir, that's all." 44 Oil, no, thanks. I'm all right." During tho walk Isabel Thornhill had boon silent, except when sho echoed hor father's thanks to their deliverer. As thoy nenred the gate, Thornhill turned to his daughter and said : 4 4 Now, look here, my girl, Ihopo as how thifl'U bo a warning to you not to go out these walks by yourself in tho ovonin's; It ain't right, is it, Mr. — er— Mr. ?" 44 Rcnford." 44 Ah, to bo suro, Mr. Renford. It ain't right. iB it?" 4 Certainly not." 4 She will do it, you know. I'm suro sho knows tho piano hotter' n I do, and she's always agoiu' by these lonely walks in the evenin's. I tell 'er she ought to wait until Mho's got a young muti to look after her, oh ? Ha, list! Eh, Mr. — er ? , " Renford." 41 Beg your pardon, Mr. Renford. What do you say now ?" ' "I say that, if that's the caso she needn't wait any longer. I'm a young man, and waiting, willing, and wishing with all my heart to be the young man. What do you say now?" 44 Say ? Wh% wo've never seen you afore to-night." "Excuse mc, sir, but your daughter has. Tho fact is I've been staying in the neigh bourhood soino week past, and we mot accidentally ono day and — well— all's fair in love ami war 3011 know, sir." "Well, well ! I don't know — I don't know. Come inside, sir, anyhow, and we'll think about it." Thoy entered the cottage, and it was soon evident that Thornhill desired to bo left alone. Iwabel and Mr. Renford made no objection to this nri'iiugciuont. 44 -Hasn't everything turned out well ?" said Renford, as soon as thoy were alone. "Thingn couldn't have gone hotter if 3|d The door was oponed quickly, and Thorn hill appeared. | <4 There's just one thing I don't understand quite," lie said. 41 P'raps ou'll explain— Miss Isabol— how you came to bo there with another chap— eh ?" | "I thought — it was quite dark, you know —I thought it was— er — was Charlie." j 44 Charlie — oil! Charlie! Ho! I10! ho!" They heard tho old man chuckling to himself for some timo after that, and occasionally lib would atop in liis work at cleaning a gun nnjl mutter, 44 Charlio! Ha! ha! Charlio indeed!," And Mr. Renford and Isabel wore m correspondingly good humour. They laid plans for the future and agreed as to the exact place at whioh they would spend theii honeymoon. j 44 Are you a believer in omens ?" he asked; 44 Sometimes — why?" 4 1 44 Why, because did you notice' that it wni a beastly dark night an hour or two ago, amj now there's a bright moon ? You see that ray of light there — that's from tho moon." j 44 Or from father's lantern outside." j "No no, it's the moon. Seo!" crossed over Hie room, caught hold of lliqi blind, aud hold it high ubovo his head. Theti with a yell of dismay lie lot tho blind go crashing back into its place. For in that.' brief moment, whilo tho blind had been, raised, lio had sccu u faco at the window It was the faco of ft woman, and tho woman was "Mudarne RcBtello, Queen of thu Slack Wire!" Ho staggered baok into iho room, picked up his hat, und turnod iho haudlo of the door. But long before ho had reached the door Isabel Thornhill had fainted at. seeing what sho imagined to bo a ghost. Hud she not been unconscious alio might lmvo heard a woman scream ; aud had sho been looking out of tho window sho would have seen a woman fall on tho flagstones beneath tho window. Thornhill cuinc running 111 from liis little room at the back of tho cottage. Ho found liis daughter lying senseless on the floor, and he did not find Mr. Charles Renford. He ran to tho kitchen for sonio cold water, but before ho could return to tho room I10 was overtaken by u man and n woman. They entered tho house without asking for permis sion, and walked quickly into tho worn in which Isabel TbornhlU lay senseless. 44 What aro you doing here?" shouted Thornhill. The two lovers had sat in a darkened. room, and now that fclio blind was down it was impossible for Thornhill to seo that tho man in the room was none other thun tho man whom he had loft lying senseless by tho tree stump at iho Double Stilo! Tho woman— Madame Rcstclle — drew up the blind, and the faces of tho now-comcrs were revealed in tho white moonlight. 44 You hero!" shouted Thornhill with an oath. 44 You! How dure you como here after the way in which " 4 4 Wait a minute, sir, please, and first at tend to your daughter. Afterwards, if you will allow mo, I'll explain." And Charlio Waylund did explain, and so did the remainder of tho company. It seems that 44 Madame Restello " having, through the death of her child, 110 other molivo for remaining at the circus, had left tlio place to join her brother at Browby. Sho did not give him notice of her coming, and when sho urrived at his lodginga iu the villago, and found that lie had gono out, she at once camo to the conclusion, as a result of his many lottera to hor about Isabel Thorn hill, that it was at Mr. Thornhill's cottage that ho wan spending the evening. She arrived soon after 44 Charles Renford" had ontered tho cottage with Isabel and hor fathor. Sho had waited outside tho window, and had imagined, from the similarity in tho voices of tho two men, that it was her brother who wus Isabel's sweetheart. It was not until "Charles Renford" had raised the blind that sho was ablo to recogniso her husband. As for Charlio Wayland, his explanation was soon delivered. On coming to nis senses he hod walked slowly towards Mr. Thorn hill's cottage, and on his arrival there found his sister lying fainting on the Btones beneath tbo window. There wero other explanations to follow. That between Mr. Thornhill and Charlio was soon given. Sonio days elapsed, however, before another explanation was arrived at— that between Ohnrlio and Isabol— but it was nono the less satisfactory becauso of the dolay. "Charles Renford" has never been seen by bin relatives since he left Mr. Thornhill's cottage, aud 44Madamo Restelle," acting 011 the advice of a brother nnd a sistor-in-law whom she loves very dearly, bus never again attempted to look for him. The export gang of poachers on tho Browby CBtato is also reported to be missing. 