The Mesmerist's Crime. Published by Special Abiungbuest. By B. !« FARJEONj Anther of 11 The Groat Portor Square Mystery," "Grif," 44 Tho Sacred Nugget, ' "Miriam Rozolla," "A Fair Jewess," 44 Tlio Betrayal of John Fordhnm," 41 The Golden Land," &c.;, lcorymaiit.'j CHAPTER £11. M BRACE- ffu LET awl S « soino old $=$/&& hico from S Mudaiuo Hart - m a n n , pShSx "With Wm loving W-ff felicita tions bo my dear nieeo Vaicno ; a dninty watch, exquisitely enam elled, from Dr. AV'chov, 41 With nficetionato wislics from un old friend " ; a sot of flower vases from tlio sorvants iu Crow's Nest, 44 With dutiful respects to our young mistress " ; it fan, upon eueli leaf of which was an allegory, a poetical funcy, or a scene from nature, "painted by Bernard Maubray, 44 To Valerie, with her father's love " ; u bouquet of white aud red roses tied with a ribbuu ou which was inscribed. 44 From Maurice lo Valeric"; these, with flowers and remombrances from humbler frionds by whom sho was loved,, lay about tho room, and on tho tublo by which Valerie was sitting on hor twenty-third birthday. It wok noon of a beautiful day in June, and all things contributed. to the younv girl's happi ness; the soft breeze, the" dreamy clouds, tho rustling of tbo loaves, woro in harmony with Valcrio's mood. Uneventful us hor life appeared to havo been, sho hud passed through u storm liurdor to bear because, like a mother protecting her young, she had taken its full force upon hor shoulders; but this heart-tris! was over, and peace hold out his arms to iior. She gazed at tho gifts, aud, moving about the room, handled them gratefully and tenderly ; in tho dumb memorials there was a spiritual life which spoke to her in loving accents, glorify ing hor natal day with affection worthily won and richly deserved. Gontlo and sweet to nil who caino iu contact with her, recognising no diffcrencos in social rank us u claim upon the measure of her regard, uo less merciful to the poor than to tho rich, it would have been strange indeed had site failed to win uffeution, for though thcro is much that is mean und time-serving in the world, there aro beneath this sordid crust sterling qualities which ring true when brought within thciuiluetico of such unselfish kindness, as Vulciio showed to high and low alike. Tho gifts by which she was surrounded wero proofs of this. They woro the unsought re ward of tho efforts of mi unselfish nature ; they spixco of tho. past and tlio present, and the bouquet of roses, emblem of the future, sang its silent song of love. Sinking into a chair, sho raised tho flowers to her )ips nnd kised them, and with her closed eyes resting lightly uu tlio leaves saw visions which stirred her soul with a sacred joy. This was the springtime of her lifo ; thepromiso of summer was smiling upon her. Thoro had been dark days in the past, days of sorrow and anguish in which she had watched tho fading of a lifo dear to hor and most dear to her fatlior, days enlightened by a word of sympathy, and for some time thereafter she had not known peace; but on this buppy day these griefs were forgotten in the roverio into which she had fallen, wherein was depicted in glowing colours the realisation of a moidon's sweotest hopes. Bernard Maubray entered the room while she was thus engaged, and so absorbed was sho that sho whs not aware of his presoncu. Ho stood logardiug licr with a tender smile, divinirg her tiiouirhta, and sympathetically recalling the tiiuo when ho hinuolf indulged in dreams Nunh as this dear child of his hoart was dreaming. His jove for Vulerio'H mother and for Gnhrinllo lutd not faded from his memory, bun lmd merged itself into lovu for the one being of his blood who was loft to him— a love us absorbing as that which the young girl entertained for Maurice. 'Thus did I once dream," ho thou&rht.; 44 May sho be spared tho shadows which "foil upon my lifo J" Presently lm laid his band upon hqr shoulder, ami alio opened her eyes and blushed ; but she did not lay the flowers aside. Ho had came from his studio iu tho Ruined Tower, whore, with Krida for model, ho had beon engaged since breakfast ou his new picture of Uudinc. His first words were of Frida. 44 Ilmvogivou hnrnu hour's rest," ho said. "If we ovortirc our models something is'lost which it is hard to rogutu. Frida is a trea sure ; her capacity for expression is oxtni- ordiuary. These outwardly placid persons have strong hidden currents in them which opportunity brings to tho surface;" 4Thcn you havo dono well this morning?" said Valerie, slipping hor hand into his as lio took his scat at her sido. 44i)oca tho artist ever do well':" lie re joined 44 Is ho ovor satisfied ? He dreams of an ideal and paints it iu fairy colours ; he muses, ho exults, he stands beforo his eanvu and commences with i'orvour. To tho world ho says, under his breath, 4I will show you a great work,' and to-day, when ho examines tho labours of yesterday, ho doubts, ho trembles, ho sits in scornful judgment unon his masterpiece, which ho finds after all but a buiurltug piece of work. Well for him that liis vain boast .was not heard." V 1s »" with tho nrtisl," said Vuleric, kissing his haml, "Yes, it s alwavs uo with him. The per formance never realises the dream. Then is ho haunted by mocking ghosts, then is he tortured by fears of failure. Down from tho heights ho lopplos in his own esteem, and finds himself but common clay. It is tlio just fafco of I ho pigmy who in a lino frenzy behoved himself a giant." 44 Maurice says that is llio true artistic feeling, Wo are not competent lo judge ourselves. 44 Aro wo not indeed?" ho raid nffee- riomtteiy. 44 So Mmtriuo has been luring you into converaations upon art lor tlio purpose of airing his views. It is always what. Maurino ways---Maurino tho invincible, the infallible, who issues bis ultimatum and dares us to question it. Pray, who constituted him thojudgo? What credentials thas ho? In what school has lio learned to correct 1 r guuge tho artistic sense, tbo artist iu performance ? How easy it is to bo a critic ! Boys fresh from schoul presume to inar or make reputa tions, presume to say, 4 Well done,' or stroking their beardless chins suggest improvements iit shadow and outline. This is tlm world as it is to- day. I was not. awaro that Mauriuo wan a puintcr, Valerie." 44No father, ho is not u painter, but- " 44 1 will havo no 4 buts.' Do you not seo that I am terribly in earnest? Is this great critic u painter?" 44No, father." 41 1 thought as much, Wbati9 he, then ?" 44 Hn is- — bo is Maurice," sho said, with a smile. "Now, whero shall I fmd an urgumout to meet that lucid description of Mnurioc ? It is unanswerable — eh ?" Ho took tho bouqiiot from her hand. 44 IIo sent- yon these flowers — I seo the snake in the grass— his card— and on it, 4 From Maurieo.' Is thero mugic iu theso simplo words ? 4 From Maurieo !' Ah, well, I muse confess, I suppose. I hud a let ter from Maurieo Ibis morning, und I won dered at his rc:isou for writing to mo." She looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly. 4 Traitor I You knew ho had written ?" 44Ycs." 4 4 Ho wishes to speak to mo upon a matter which ho declares is vital. Valerie, assist ino ; wo will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter ho wishes lo discuss ?" 44 Father !" 44 Yes, child." 44 What will you say to Maurice ?" 44 What would you wish rae to say lo him ? I am open to roason, Valeric." She put her arms round his nock, and hid her face ou his breast. 44 Which means that I must receive him courteously. I promise that. It is his duo —I acknowledge it. Ha is a man of honour, of good family, uu honest, earnest gentleman. What moro cuu a father desire when tho happiness of a dear child is at stake ? Is that, indeed so, Valerie 44 Yes, father." 44 You lovo him ?" ? 44 Devotedly. I would die for him, and lie forme." 44 Yet I am bound to consider that he comes to rob ruo of a treasure moro precious to ino than life itself. What can I da to protect myself ? Forbid him the house ? Set spies upon" the public road to warn mc of his approach ?" She smiled, having no fear ; it was sweet to listen to this pretence of disapproval, knowing, as she did, that thero was 110 sacrifice lie was not ready to make to ensure hor happiness. 44 These imperious lovers," ho continued. 4 after insidiously undermining the strong hold, present themselves us conquerors. Alexander himself could not bo inure com manding. So confident are they that they do not oven draw their swords, but rushing upon you, cry 4 Victory,' and order you to sur render. And wo do it. What other course is open to us when tho dear traitor in our house has stolen our arms, and opened tho gates to the invader ?" Ilis assumption of I light humour, under which lie sought to con ceal his emotion, failed him here, and he folded Valerie in his arms. 44 You will not lose ine, father. You will gain another child. Maurice lias no parents, .and he loves and honours you. I should not be your daughter if I proved ungrateful for all your goodness to mc. We havo hidden nothing from you. I think you must have seen——" 44 Yes, I have Been, and I am afraid encouraged. What does your auufc say of Maurieo ?" 44 Sho holds him in the highest esteem." 44 And so do I. I havo studied him, and 1 believe him to be a good man. If I did not I would not give you to him. Dear' child, be happy." Ho embraced hor tenderly, mid left her to meet Maurice Godefroy, whom he saw cross ing the lawn. CHAPTER XIH. REETINGS ex- clumjjed, Ber nard Maubray led tlio young lawyer to liis studio iu tho Ruined Tower : a proceeding of fraud tuurury, for Valerie's "lover huuir that none hut the artist's most intimate friends wero ad mitted there. Maurice was not unatirnof Born: hn was horn and hrouirht up in raris, and upoii llio advice of friends laid selected tlio Swiss city as a prbmi«iii<r field for tho oxcraise of his profession. He had had an uphill fifflit, and it was only after some years nf struggle that lio laid succeeded in planting liis foot firmly on tho ladder. Through tho friendly offices of Dr. Weber, whoso good favour ho had won, a complicated case bristling with difficulties had been placed in his hands. Failure was predicted by all tho legal luminaries of Born, and Maurieo felt that fni lure meant more to him than tlio mere losing of tho ease. He had seen Valeria and loved her ; but Dr. Weber alone was in tho secret of his attachment to Bernard Manhray's daughter. " You will not ho ill u position to present yourself as her lover." said the kiml doctor to the ambitious young man, " until yon havo made a name for yourself. Now prove the mettle you aro made of. Here is a ease which ninety- nine lawyers out of a hundred would lose. Win it, and win Mademoiselle Valerie." No greater incentive could bo given. Day and night were devoted by the young advocate to tlm study of the ease, and "in the teeth of immense odds aud with a formidable iirruy of illustrious counsel against him. ho had con ducted it to a triumphant issue Talented, ainbiti us, and lull of enthusiasm, lie felt himself now justified iti proffering liis suit for Valerio's hand, and it was for this pur pose lie had written to Bernard Maubray for an interview 011 lier birthday. Introduced to tlio family I>y Dr. Weber lie soon became a favourite in Craw's Nest, and the progress of tlio lovo afi'sir was watched by Bernard Maubray with silent approval. But prepared as he was foritstnitiiral development it. was not without a pang that lie contemplated surrendering liis (laughter to number man's care. The last few mouths of olose association witli iter hud proved to him that slio was worthy of tho best lie laid to bestow. Ho was one of those men to whom the bestowal of lovo brings tho sweetest pleasures, and iu cnuuiioti with all tioblo natures lie fuuiid it. a greater blessing to give tliuu lo receivo. Tlm sorrows of his past life wore eliusteneil ; he did not, lio could not, forget, but tho violence of liis grief had passed away. To this happier frame ol' mind Valerie lmd largely contributed. Considerate and thoughtful to an unusual degree in a young girl, she laid so ministered to h'ini as to revivo nil that was best in liis nature, and at. Hie same tinio to impliint iu liis heart a boundless lovo for her. There was in this a po-sible danger— a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violent extremes. Had lhis been pointed out to him lie would have listened with incredulous em's, but it was none tho loss true that ho had become morbidly nervous for iter safety. The growth of this feeling commenced .upon tlio rccoipt of the letter which had been addressed to licr by an anonymous correspondent. IIo would wake up in tho middle of tlio night witli tho thought in his mind, "Is Valeria safo?" nnd lie would steal from his room to listen at hor door, mid to walk softly through tho houso and often into tlio grounds in search of some hidden enemy. Tender nnd strong-minded us ho wus, thero oaiuo into play u quulity of intensity which caused him to insensibly magnify every iucidont or ciroumstuuce in relation to hor. Given a knowledge or suspioion that hor happiness was in peril, and thut un enemy was really watching liis oppor tunity to do her un ill turn, lio would huvo so brooded upon it that it was likely tho ovon balance of his brain would ho disturbod and liis usually olear judgment cloudod. This partiality and disposition to morbid inclining sprang entirely from his personal affections ; iu all other inattors ho was impartial and unbiassed. Ou two oecnsions a singular occurrence had puzzled him. On tlio first occasion he was sitting up Into, when ull in tho houso lmd retired to rest. Fancying ho heard a sound without, ho wont into llio grounds to ascertain tho cause. Ho saw nothing, and heard nothing moro to wurrant tho fancy, but ho brooded upon it, und ho did not go to hod till past midnight. Tho next dm', us ho wus vaesiiuc into tho sublio road through tho front gate, ho saw upon tlm ground u small gold pencil, of which ho recol lected having made frco uso beforo lio went to liis bedroom. Of this he was convinced, and he coulil not understand how it could huvo found its way to the spot upon which lie found it. Oil the second occasion tho introductory circumstances were of a similar nature. Again ho was sitting up into wheu the members ,,f bis household wero in their beds. Again ha fancied lio heard a sound outside tho house. Ho stole to Valerio's door and hoard her soft breathing. She slept with her door unlocked, aud with a night-light burn ing. Softly opening tho door, he saw that sho was slumbering peacefully. Again he went out, and couhl discover no cause for tlm fancy. It was ruining, and there was mini on tlio patns. ITo recollected, or thought ho recollected, that upon his return to tho houso lie had exchanged liis muddy shoes for a pair of slippers. Again lie retired to rest after mid night. Tho uoxt morning lio noticed that tho slippers ho lmd worn, and which now lay on tlio bedroom floor, wore covered with mud. Ho asked himself how tho mud could liavn got up 'in them, and lio searched his memory whothcr lm had worn tliein beforo ho went into tho grounds. After a period of reflection he decided that liis memory must bo ut fntdr. and that thoy uui6t have been on his feet when ho walked through tho grounds. IIo made 110 mention of tlieso incidents, und, 110 further alarm occurring, he ceased to troublo himself about them. to be continued. 