WITH THE HAITIANS. ♦ — : ? . a rule, both sexes dress 'in blue, ?which fades to *vll kinds of green and purple-grey tones, just the color that a Haitian landscape needs to balance its mass of warm opalescent tints. ?* When a Hai tian wants anything, he wants it very badly, and will give all he has to secure its possession; as soon as he owns it all interest In it j departs. He seldom finishes any thing he starts; never on prin- - ciple repairs anything, conse- I quently his house and all his be- ! longings are one superb, pictur esque r,uin— the despair of the social and political economist, but the constant joy and delight of the artist. 'As far as I was able to judge, the Haitian is entirely devoid of nerves or feel- i ing of any kind. Upon one oc- ] casion I saw one undertake to split' a stick. He stood it on end, placed his machette on top; reached out for another stick, which Jie - -used _jas — a 'SaTIi?,' ani:..-w£ifo-3pEg:;ESG\''the piece of wood fell over. Twenty -tnree times'.' he repeated the nnnratinn before he accomDllshed his object. He never uttered a swear worn, iook ed annoyed, or hurried his action, and he was not working by the day either — it was piece-work, on contract, for my host. The mention of my host reminds me of how much our impressions of a strange place or new country, are influenced by our welcome and the character of our entertainers. In the case of my visit to Haiti I was specially fortunate, as mine host was a character in every sense of the -word,, and consequently gathered characters around him; but that seemed to be the inevitable in the tropics; unless a white man has a strong personality and great sources of self-reliance he soon leaves that part of the world and comes back to places where others amuse him and take care of him. Mine host controlled two of the four carriages of the town of Port do Paix. What more natural, the day after my arrival, than that he should suggest my taking a ride. So, behold your humble scribe, seated in a two-wheeled vehicle, driven by . a pocket edition of a boy, who looked about 7 years old, who admitted to being 17, and afterwards proved to be 24. He was a .professional jockey, decoyed from the island of Jamaica to take charge of mine host's stud. We were surrounded by all the whitercontin gent of the city, assembled to do tbo b.onorsT-f the town, and take care of that rara avis, a visi tor. These outriders were all mounted on horses that -were either full or half blooded Arabian ani mals, with eyes like Jersey calves, legs like i deers, ending in dainty unshod hoofs. When I ready to start, the carriage animal, which was a ;' peculiar, long-legged, huge-eared white mule, : named Christine, refused to move an inch. Then the whole-party yelled at the top of their shout, 'Christine, remember the Maine!' There was a ; crash, the back of the seat nearly cut me in two, j and there was nothing to be seen but white eajjs and legs — the ground covered with scattering pigs and Haitian babies. As soon as I could breathe, I asked the driver what caused the mule to re spond to that cry- With a face as innocent as a cherub's, he answered, 'Don't know, sah, except Christine a patriotic mule, sah.' liven offered bribery failed to. elicit anything further from this child of 24. In after-days, a stableboy, in re sponse to a handful of cigarettes, gave me a pointer. Once he had seen mine host, accom panied by an equally strong man, carefully select - two of the heaviest whips in the harness-room, . retire to a secluded spot, accompanied by the fair and wilful Christine. Then they began shouting 'Christine, remember the Maine.' ^At the first ?word mine host slashed her on the 6TE--«idey at ? the ' second his friend-struck her on the nigh7'8nd .) so on until the word 'Maine' was reached, 'when j both sides were simultaneously slashed. Now, | Christine had been often hit on one side or tlie j other, to say nothing of top and bottom, but to j be hit on both sides at the same moment was be- j yond her comprehension, and could only be owing ; to the word 'Maine;' and, further, if she wished ' to avoid a repetition, it was imperative she should ! get away from that place as soon as possible. It j ./is only lair to my jockey friend to say he always stoutly denied the . story, and insisted that it was patriotism alone actuated this magnificent ghost of a mule. — 'Harper's.' . ' :- 