THE MYSTERY GLENELL1S OF " Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people iu thit age believing in such utter nonsense ! It is toe ridiculous !" There was scorn in Miss Rothsby's voice and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Her companion, Charley King, a young ci\il < n^ineer. was amused, judging bj the smile that cime and went before he made answer, in a half-soothing, half apolo*etk tone— •• Ab, row, don't jou think ycu are a tittle severe upon my townsfolk and their pet idiosyncracy ? Yoa know a belief in which one is born and brought np is a part of bis very nature, accepted in aic-st cases without question or reasoning. A few of our old men, I think, claim to have seen and heird something very BXtraordiuary in the Glen years ago—before my time ; as for the rest of us, I suppose not half a dozen have ever been there ; we simply ignore the place." •• That is exactly what I supposed," rcturr.ed Miss Rotbsby, triumphantly. " Those autediluvians who sit, rain or shine, in front of hotels and saloons, tell their stupid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so make others believe." ••Perhaps you are right; but t\iat dees not alter the fact that the Glen bears an evil rtnutation, aod we are all familiar with the bli.od curdling stories of deeds said to have happrned there." " It seems to me they can easily be explained. Doubtless wheu this country was ntw tin Glen was the r«-nd'.2vons fur ruffians and outlaws; secluded, almost iarcsss.ble for those who (net there to be suri»nsed. To doubly si cure themselves tbey circulated horrible tales, raised a few ghosts, {and made occasions to impose them upon the ere Sulous early settlers. There is the case in a nutsh« II.'' Charley shock his head in doubtful way that irritated the pretty philosopher. Very well put, Miss ltothsby; but there are certain things— Konsense \ " she broke in half laughingly, half angrily, " I know jou are going to say something stupid aud old-fashioned, and I will not permit it. The roWjt rs are dost loug ago, and the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with them, you may be sure ; yet have your all, for such a palpable imposture, buried in oblivion the most romantic and beautiful spe<t on earth. Fie upon you, youn; men, to let such a state of things contiiiue ! " " But what can we do about it ? We were taugl.t to n spect the opinion of our elders, and have done so." " That's all very well ; but respect can be carried too far." Wi It, what do yon suggest P"" asked Charley, a trifle ir.ip^tii iitiy. Til;;t the Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let the place be invaded by merrymakers, and the spell will be broken. Once known it n- li become famous, so that people will come front far and near to see it." ' It may be all just as you s»y," responded the young man. *• But you forget the flowers. You told me that on the first day of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-red blossom from its stem, when a stream of re 1 fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flower became white. How do you account for that ? " " I don't try to account for it. Who cin explain the vagaries of nature ? One flower stem exudes a milky substance, and then a rrd fluid, a third pure water. All arc equally wonderful and incomprehensible. It is alsurd to be affected by a phenomenon just because one doesn't understand it." Nevertheless, I think the flowers are the greatest objection to aur project. Their peculiarity teems unwholesome, to say the loast." \- I suppose so —and it is such a pity ? You tnnnot thick how 1 have set my heart on this gimic in the Glut. Imagine tho effect of one or two hundcred lautei ns. T here is not a thin* 1 could wish cbanjcJ." Exo pt the flowers.'" " Except the flowers. I wish they would dis appear for that one evening Do you think we can persuade tiie ethers ? " « Wu'll try ; the idea will be quite startling, however Wc shall meet with much more -opposition from the parents than from the young folks and if wc hasten matters it will leave less time for talk. Friday will be the * harvest moon,' why uot have it then V " Just the thing ! Do you suppose Blarney and his hwpcis will go ?" *• No, indeed, nor any other musicians in KUendale We'll have to forego dancing." •• a moonlight picnic wi'bout dancing ? I'tepostcrous ! If the harpers will uot yield to my |X>wers of petsuasion f>apa m'ist furnish the innsic ; lie knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us." 1 wilt '-ell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for the papa* and mammas, aunts and unch s. who declare they' have heard unaccountable sounds issue fn>m r^.m fl.a tke Glen. nW VAH You Mill will 1 t eed AM! them ihpm all, acd wish f<<r inure bifore we succcsjJFully lay tbe ghost. Ah* here come Lietty and Torn Maynard, and that is Jack Craig and Miss Anuie behind them. Good ! Now we can begin theattac)c." V '-•*., - j: - * - . ... . "butafewweeks bi^Mlows ele&artd; to himself, "after tho" manner of men hard hit at first sight, that it should be Miss Rotbsby or no one. About a mile from Ellendnle was ths blunted glen of which they bail been speu!.i;iir, nwrrollously beautiful and picturesqe.e. Hiss Kotli.ibv had spent many an hour there,for her fiiei.i! aud hos ess was an impoitaut pcison-gu in household and parish matters, and there vero times wb [ n the visitor must e ntc. tain he'?. !I'. As r.he was a gocd walker soon kn- w '.he, country for miles around hi tier than most of tha young .women borii and bred in the town, and so discovered the beautiful nud sic'ud-d sjiot which bore so bad a repetition. " Better uot go there ag in, Miss Ko'hsby," iser hi si s-i'.d to her when she: s; o!te of her 1 x- piditicn at the dinner table, ami «•< ml. red tiisit so charming a place was so little kno.m. ' It is humiliating to admit tb&t; we are the V1<\- J itr s of 8U|iei8titio«, but everyone in thu uonniiuiii .y believes that the Glen is haunted." " Then, as I sbonld immt-iisej enjoy a friendly chat with a bana-'ide ghost, I s]i:.H make it a point to go soon ajjaiu," laughed tlie young lady. •* I ho| C not.'" said Mr Kiny, gravely, for 1 feel d. e;>]y UJIDII this subjeet. You, of fours noticed the oak tree t' nt hides the iiat'.nvny V It vva-i planted wl.eu 1 was a b-.y A dr< :<dful thing tiad liapiH-ned there just befoiv, tlic-ugh I eaniiot say positively there was ativthinp supernatural about it." ** What was it ?" asked Miss Uothsbv. curiously. Te'I m- o all tlie >tory. please." I can only tell jo.i wl;nt I kn•>«-. An ««1>1- lw>king foreisrr.er v<"s-e 1 itirorgh the tov.n olio day, ami tlisr;>}i \\-ivd in tit;: Gie;'. I !i t ri'jrht a shock a* ot <•;>: la ju i';e 1 >. folt, and |>e-v who passed iieai the lor: st i e r -tr•. n™- , in:- ! earthly cries. lYuin t:nv t 1 Umu ti e-e s | shocks w« n rt ja-.ttd. Tin man was t;.-.er s. rn i again, t>nd it W..s ?jU;>;to .t d tint I.e w.s ir.mii r- eri." •* Oh on.i ir, tle.'t all ?" naked Miss Uot':,>by, 1 it, a disappoint,, d telle. ] " The sutho:it:- s c nsld^ red it rnough, "nil | rt-solved to r, 11 Vr the Glen as in h.-> hie as jtos ible. l-'or migut I Un i-.v, y»>U'.'~ i:" 'Uv t'.i' t font that has stapled wittiin it 101- fo,ty je;:rs." " I must say, th- n, thai, jcu liavi- list 111 >re than you can imagine, : i\\-1 I shall try to atone fer your neglect • f tb" l'>veliest sjki: on la.lh." So answered the wilful beauty ; an,! !n the Glen she went thereafter as oft, 1: as opportunity allowed, dccliring to he;s If. as s\e sst upou the t;rt-;i'»ivarJ drinking in the beauty of her sunoundiiiKS. that it waseiicl:at< d gri,;;::tl, and that she was under the msp c spell. When Charley King oamo he was a willing escort, and so long as she was b.v his side, what did it matter where they went- ? « The picnic bv moonl : ght had been a longtalked of plan among the young people of the village. The selection of the placc was left tc these two visitors anil tiny had ehcKcn the haunted glen. Friday was the night appointed. »?0!nc acquiesced willingly, oth' rs relcctautly, but no one had the courage lo lefuse save the musiexans, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous offers, End could cot be persuaded to " resk ^htir livc.«, reason, and instrooments by gou'to Ihe har.ts of tLc devil hisself.'"' So Mr. Kothsby suj)]'lied the music, Hiving the mtn he sent from the citv instruction! to render any assistance they could, bidding them, if possible, to arrange and lisjbt the immense number of Chinese lanterns he consigned to them without the knowledge of the party. His plan worked well, for that their last night might not be assailed by tales not conducive to steady hands, they were met at the train and directed to the Glen, with strict injunctions not to p!uck so much as a blade of grass. The sun had not yet set behind the distant mountain top when doors lioie and there throughout pretty El leu dale opened for the gay jncuickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out, followed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the village streets with jest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped at them from behind blinds or open doorways. But when they entered that distant pathway and the sweet perfume of the forest pervaded the air as their light feet pressed the carpet of pine> needles, the jest diedaway, the lapghter cesssd, and their voices had a hollow Bound. Fear seized upou thcni ; each had a stroDg desire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule of bis fellows. Then the spasm passed, and in low. voices they talked of little matters in the village. When the exquisite beauty of the Glen bur.-t upon their view all other thoughts were dispelled, and the nervous reaction of their groundless terror made, them doubly merry. Hundreds of lanterns gleamed faintly in the fading twilight from the trees and vines cu eiti.cr f-i V, and the grand old oak which barrel the en - trance was fairly covered with them. The first glimpse of the fair " queen of the night," as her vherv disc rose above the tree tops, was the signal for a song, half chant, half roundelay, that had been composed for the occasion, ami as the young people stood in the piide anil >tie:i£th < f their youtb, their faces upturned, their rich, sweet voices filling the dying day with meloiy, one would have said, " Wise Miss Hotbsby ! Surely no restless, unholy spirit!* can abide here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery and your pure voices must exercise them for evermore." Scarcely :peaking, in little groups, the young folks wandered from spot to spot in an ecstacy of delight Especially did the flowers that gleamed so red upou the ground attract thetn ; but Miss Rothsby had exaggerated the stain they made that they might be left untouched. Sbe felt now that some natural explanation could be given of their unpleasant peculiarity, but dreaded its effect upon weak nerves, so wisely advised her Companions to beivare of them She learned |rom the musicians that her father bad intended coming ou tbt same train with them, but being detajiied ax the last minute, he would take the cert one, and be with them before the evening wa$ over ; so. as her light feet kept lime to a favourite waltz, aud a faco she piuph approved was very near to hers, she thought her tup Of earthly bliss was nearly full. , , , There was to be dancing until nine 0 clock when supper wuuld be served, and afterwards more dancing if they chose; but tbe parents bad insisted that the young folks should be at-home by eleven, and Mrs. Giay had promised for them Ly virtue of her eiuperoua^e. The camp fire was lighted on a great flat stone near the oak tree, and to show its good fellowship crackled in the ipott cheerful way, while its ruddy glow threw ilito brighter relief the sombre branches ot the pines way up the sides of the GJen. The baskets were emptied of their good things, the tempting feast was spread, the fragrant aroma of the coffee "proclaimed the last thing ready, and Mr. King, as master of the ceremonies,was about giving tke signal for them til to assemble, when distinctly throughout tho place there came a soft, silvery sound like the tone of a clock striking the hour of nine. The dancers, pausing in their giddy whirl, looked at each other and said, " What a pretty dovice of Miss Rothsby's !" but even as they spoke the caith seemed to tremble beneath their test, while a Inrid, unearthly glow lit up with appalling distinctness erery object in the Glen,to the very top of the beetling Ic-dge %l?ove them. With a discordant, jarring sound the music stopped. Hearts beat fast; cheeks grew white; tht-n the sounds died away. What is it ? What doet it mean ?" everybody was asking. Charity King made auswer.although he could not quite control the tremor in his veicc. " It must have been a slight shock of earthquake or some electrical distuib»cce. - I have secil most.wouderful phenomena ia my time.'" : Pa.tiy msssurred the musicians went- back to their stand and the company sat down to table,, but it was iu vain they strove to speak naturally. in vain they strove to eat. Their voices* were thick, tlieir bands trembled, their hisarts beat painfully quick aijd loud. Afur a few moifients Mrs. Gray, smiling faintlv, said— " My friends, I fear I have taken cold in this beautiful bat moist place. I propose that we adjourn to wanner quarters. What say you to a good-night waltz at my houtc - Before an answer could be given agsiu tht-re sounded throughout the Glen tbe faint, low el.ime, so awfully distinct in its sweetness. With one impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human ngony. stifled ami se; miug to come from beneath them, reached t'neir ears, and a rocky door in the cliff swung bict. revealing a cav< rn filled with light ; bat brighter than the light about it was a human Conn wrapped111 flame that sprang out of it and fell upon the greens war J. Here was something tangible, and Charley King swiftly led the way towards this new horror. Tco late ! the form l»y still, the voice was silent, and the flames were masters al last, of him who bad so long been their master, Kxoicised were the ghosts fi r ever, harmless was the subterranean chamber tilled with unmeaning apparatus and curious chemicals to those who found them, for the tvil geuius was dead. For yeais the foreign alchemist lie.I S'.ught to wrest from nature, at any cost, her stcruts, *nd had found, at last, fcer very great eiit death. 