1 Why Should Methodists I Support the Fund ? By Rev. J, Hulme. This is the question that Methodists and the friends of Methodism in N.S.W. \ are invited to consider. Thousands are i already doing so with results that are I creditable to themselves and encouraging 1 to the committee of the Fund. To- 1 morrow ' the preaching and speaking 1 forces in all our pulpits and Sunday- | schools will be mobilised to explain and I advocate the obiects of the Fund,' and 1 it is hoped that they will succeed in I making it a burning question in every 1 Methodist home in the land. No one I should decide in haste either to support 1 or disparage the Scheme. The re- 1 sponsibility of each adherent is great, I and his attitude to this Fund is of 1 importance to the Church ; it would, I therefore, be inexcusable to act upon 1 mere impulse, or imperfect knowledge I as to why the Fund has been inaugurated I and what it is proposed to do with ih& i money. . I There has been no haste in the I establishment of the Fund. It was 1 suggested by the action of British I Methodism, an account of which wilL I be found in another column of this I paper. The spirit of that movement I has passed over America, Africa, India, 1 and these colonies in a manner that 1 suggests an unconscious preparedness I in the minds of these Churches to hear I and respond to a fresh call to duty. It | has not been taken up by our own Con- I ference without earnest prayer and 1 thought. During the last year it was- I debated by the committee appointed by j the Conference for the purpose ; the | scheme was submitted to the Synods of j November last, the result being that the' ) recent Conference decided to appeal to- j the Church for fifty thousand guineas.. The March quarterly meetings have given their hearty approval and pledged themselves to support the Fund. There has not been a dissentient voice from a single church court ; and many in dividuals who at first questioned the wisdom or practicability of the under bftttllig »l« ilUW bUiblSlieu IiUH.1i It IB UULU' wiso and feasible. This remarkable1 \ unanimity should have due weight with everyone. The total amount aimed at. by the Methodism of the world is about jj £6,000,000. Who is there among us jj who would not have deeply regretted if j N. S. Wales had decided to stand aloof: \ and taken no part in this magnificent enterprise ? We are a part of the great Methodist Church, and we should have^ jj suffered in our own esteem, in efficiency, I and in the estimation of the world if we | had not taken this ' tide at its flood '' | which promises to bear the Church into jj positions of greater usefulness. I The origin of the Fund may be traced \ to two great motives. In the first place j to a deep sense of gratitude for pasi and | present blessings, and in the sesond to- | an intelligent and vigorous conviction: j: that God is calling us to an important . \ mission in the coming Century. As a j people and as a church we have received j great gifts from God. Numerically we } have increased asno other denominations among English- speaking peoples have increased. Our position is an honour able one, and it has been gained not through accident or a tissue of favour able circumstauces. By the grace of God Methodism is what it is, and by that grace it has rendered heroic and dis interested service to the highest interests of humanity. Within our own borders there are thousands of families and millions of individuals who owe to their Church a debt for much of their tem poral prosperity and the hope of an ?eternal inheritance in eternity and God. We shall show ourselves unworthy of these gifts if we do not in the sight of God and man manifest our sense of ?dependence and gratitude in seizing in this unique opportunity 'of setting forth His praiae. God is unmistakably calling us to go torth in His name to attack the strongholds of sin and wickedness. Gladstone, Lecky, and Green, among statesmen and historians, have borne witness to the influence of Methodism upon national life and character. Drs. Chalmers and Dale, to mention no others, have made generous acknow ledgments of the obligations of other churches to the great re vival. And have we lost our fitness to serve the world ? We have lost none of the great convictions of divine truth. The power of God is in our midst. We are alive to the sins, and sorrows, and shame of the world. We have con fidence in the power of Christ and the Holy Ghost. We are moved with com passion for the heathen abroad and at home. As a Church we feel deeply woe unto us if we preach not the Gospel The world needs us as much as ever it did, and cries to us to come to its aid. If these feelings and convictions do not constitute a call from God, then there is no such call at all. Are these feel ings born of pride and self-importance ? God forbid. There is no more of pride in them than there was pride in the belief of Abraham that he was called to be the father of a seed that should bless the whole earth. That belief has counted to him for righteousness. Israel was. not proud because she believed herself to be the servant of God through whom, as through no other peoples, He purposed to reveal Himself to the race. Luther was not proud, nor Wesley, but humbled and ennobled by the thought that God called them to do great things in His name. The enemies of England are furious at what seems to them her pride and selfimport ance in asserting her belief that she is called to take a chief part in the civilization of the world. It is that feeling that makes her righteous, brave, ;aad successful ! So it is with the Church. We feel that as a church for this end we were born, for this purpose .raised up in the world that we should iiake a prominent place and do a great work which no other people can do so well. There is not an island in the South Seas, nor a slum in Sydney, nor a town in the interior, whioh would not be ?better, happier, and in many ways more ?prosperous, if we could send ministers and workers to them, or increase the number already there, or do what this Fund seeks to do— free the minds and hearts of the people from the burdens which consume too much of their thought and strength, and hence this .appeal to our people to give and to give generously. Some may think that we .have made serious financial mistakes in the past, :and thuB have ' forfeited confidence. What are these alleged mistakes ? Let them be examined carefully. It may ?and probably will turn out that our -iathers were wiser than their critics. But supposing mistakes were made — what then? Let the man. who has not erred and strayed financially ^cast the first stone at the past. Mistakes are inevitable, and especially in laying the foundations of a new ?country and a young Church. When we remember the circumstances of the past quarter of a century, we wonder not that mistakes were made, but that there were so few made. Our Centenary Hall, the Colleges, the few churches that are to-day suffering under the burden of big debts, are now rendering splendid service, and before long we shall be thankful that we possess them, then let us cease to moan over these burdens, but arise and determine to reduce them. What will you do for this Fund ? Will you add your sympathy, your _prayers and your gifts to those of your fellow Methodists ? to make this enter prise a success. The dyes of God are upon us, and so are the eyes of our fellow Christians and the world. Failure will be humiliating ; but we shall not fail if every man and woman and child will be loyal. We want to renew our strength to fight intemperance, Sab bath desecration, impurity, gambling, sin, godlessness, Eomanism, Bitual ism, and we ask you contribute to the necessary outlay. The oppor tunity is , unique: let fathers and mothers and children consult together and determine to help their circuits to see that every name thereof shall be inscribed in the great roll, and we shall present the offering ? of £52,500 to our Lord for His service, an offering that, like Mary's cruse of spikenard, will be acceptable to Him, and the land will be filled with the odour thereof. THE CENTENARY HALL, YORK STREET (Interior View). 