What is Americanism? P. E. M. No. II. And, if each system in gradation roll Alike tsseuiial 10 the amazing whole, The leist. confusion hut in one, not all That System only, but i he whole must fall. All this dread order break—for whom? for thee? Vile worm ! oh, madness 1 pride 1 impiety ! —" Essay on Man." To obtain, then, an adequate idea of what Americanism is, we must have re course to the Holy Father's Letter to Cardinal Gibbons. "If by that name they would wish to designate those special mental gifts (peculiaria animi ornamenta) which distinguish the American people, as other gifts do other nations, or the far vorable conditions of your cities, or the laws and institutions in use amongst you, We are of opinion there is no reason for neglecting it. But if it is to be taken in the sense of not only designat ing teaching already alluded to, but in truth investing them with dignity . . . that name arouses suspicion that there are among you some who would fashion and desire to see in America a Church unlike that which embraces the countries of the earth." The distinction made is of the utmost importance, and if sufficient ly kept in view, one can easily understand how some speak in terms of the greatest praise of Americanism, whilst others con demn it in unmeasured terms. Much confusion has arisen from the neglect to view Americanism in its double aspect, even when those discussing the topic were in good faith and desirous of information. The word conveyed to some "American political conditions, customs and laws, in contrast with the conditions, customs, and laws of European nations." How far even even this Americanism might act or re-act on the depositum fidei, it is net our province to discuss. The solution to this question can be found in approved authors who treat of the ques tion in a full and thoroughly interesting mauner. "The Pope appears to have made up his mind to effect a modus vivi endi between the Church and the Repub lic by a wide, if not full, recognition of the varied secular activities and aspira tions of American life." (Spectator.) We confess our inability to discover where His Holiness gives evidence of this effort to establish a modus viviendi. If it is a reference to the first distinction given above, the inference is so far- fetched that a deeper exposition is necessary. It was really the political aspect to the question which gave it an interest to those who were not prepared to investigate the doctrinal side. The "Review of Reviews" ignores the references to 'the action of the Holy Ghost,' 'the active and passive virtues,' Ac., and remarks the average man will not concern himself much about these, then adds, "The third point is concerned with the relations between the Church and the State, and upon this it would be interesting to see exactly the terms in which the Pope defines his attitude." Un doubtedly, it is of great interest, and to Catholics above all, what relations exist between Church and State, and by no one can such relations be defined more ef fectively than by the Pope; still it is of greater importance that we enjoy the unity of doctrine and unity of Government. The relations between Church and State, whilst having a fundamental pivot on which to turn, are an inconstant quantity, but any deviation from the unity which character izes the Catholic Church "is fraught with unutterable woe." It is scarcely necessary to remark that the Papal Letter has proved how just was the zeal of the Brother of St. Vincent de Paul, who delated the French edition of the "Life" of Fr. Hecker to the Boman Index. That the "Life" gained nothing, in the eyes of the orthodox, in being trans lated and adapted by the enthusiastic French cleric, Abbe Klein, we have no doubt. We are not equally certain that the original contained everything neces sary to ensure approbation from the Bo man authorities, and could only be mis understood by the perverse. The mighty machinery at work in the Boman Congre gation, whose duly it is to look to such matters, never moves for trivial causes, and when it does move there is no 'heat ing the air." When writing to Cardinal Gibbons, the Pope was possessed of infor mation such as only the Congregation, which supplied Him with the facts of the case, could amass. And only those who have an intimate knowledge of the work ings of the several Congregations, can form any idea of how1, minute is their know ledge or every matter about which they deliberate. The Pope takes cognizance of the injury received by the "Life" in the translation and adaption, but proceeds to say, "Now, therefore, we, being desirous of providing, by the supreme office of our apostolate, both for the integrity of the Faith and for the security of believers have come to the resolution of writing to you, at length and fully, on the whole mat ter." His Holiness would here seem to imply that the possibility of danger to Faith as evidenced in the translation, lay somewhat deeper than appears to the casual observer at the first glance. Father Hecker, whose name has been brought into much prominence by the present struggle, was one of those rare souls whose spiritual instincts were too refined to grovel in the materialistic crudi ties of Protestantism in any of its shapes or forms, and who, although born outside the one true fold, must find his way into it. At the age when most children are making their first essay in the eleinen taries of intellectual life, he was working for a religious periodical, "Ziou's Herald.' He was associated for some time with Brownson, who had tried all the various sects in search of peace for the soul, which he could not find until Providence had led him into the Catholic Church. It was impossible to know Brownson and not be influenced by his character. Hecker had been a partial member of the celebra ted Brook Farm, and it was only after years of doubt, difficulties, and honest striving, that he joined the Catholic Church. From such a career two things are to be expected, viz., the zeal which prompted search at first shall not die when the object of the search has been found. Paul of Tarsus was the most malignant persecutor of the first Chris tians, and he became, by the action of grace, a shining light, the sturdiest of Apostles. Secondly, we may assure our selves that some trace of early associa tions shall betray themselves. It seems to us that nothing short of a rigorous scholastic course, extending over years, could undo the effects of the latter, and for one who would propose to himself to write on ecclesiastical matters, it is a sine qua nan to avoid difficulties in the future. Men of the stamp of Cardinal Newman, whose minds are, from the beginning, framed in scholastic mould, are scarce, very scarce indeed; even Cardinal Man ning, undoubtedly great in other regards, lacked this endowment. The "Life of Fr. Hecker" was before the English-speaking world for eight years, and yet no one had found therein cause of complaint. Those who took an interest in the "Life" had previously known the man himself, or from writings or reports of missionary zeal had come to conceive an opinion, well-founded, no doubt, of his great worth. The practi cal side of life always attracts a practical race, and Fr. Hecker's opinions were judged with the man, and were not "found wanting." When translated into French (and adapted), it came upon a people "who knew not Joseph," and, tak ing the opinions just as they found them, for what they were worth, it is idle to deny there were causes of complaint. The incisive logic of scholasticism, still holding sway in the Continental schools, spares neither friend nor foe, and M. Maignen saw he had a good case, and urge 1 the same with remarkable vigor and ability, with the result so widely known. In English-speaking countries all religious warfare is waged on the question of the "Church;" hence, matters pertaining to grace, actual or habitual, m their varied aspects, if not eschewed, are certainly not courted. Such is not the mode of procedure in the Continental schools, or where the old scholasticism still holds sway. Fr. Hecker was pos sessed of great ability, but his ability was only as a handmaid to his activity in missionary zeal. His style is that of a man whose whole desire is to proJuce an effect; lie cares not much for the points upon which the student loves to dwell, simply because he can't see any visible increase to the Church accruing from them. He never treats those who prefer such legitimately with contempt, but his ideal of a man of God is Paul of Tarrus, struggling, contending, arguing, teach ing, and consoling. "There are few errors either in theo logy or philosophy which do not arise in part, or altogether, from an inexact use of .terms. Men fail to distinguish where distinction is absolutely necessary, and they consequently apply to the whole area covered by the various meanings of an ambiguous word what is really appli cable to only a portion of its many significations' (Fr. Clarke, S.J.). We believe this extract would account for any deficiencies found in the works of "Li*e of Fr. Hecker." His friends can produce passages in his works where no one could speak more reverently of the Church's authority. "The Holy Spirit, which, through the authority of the Church teaches Divine truth, is the same Spirit which prompts the soul to receive the Divine truth which He teaches. The measure of our love for the Holy Spirit is the measure of our obedience to the authority of the Church; and the mea sure of our obedience to the authority of the Church is the measure of our love for the Holy Spirit" (Church and the Age); and again referring to the promise made by Christ to St. Peter and his suc cessors, that "the gates of hell . hould never prevail against her" (the Church), he says, "Ho such promise was ever made by Chirst to each individual believer." This spirit, which shows itself again and again, in his works, is not, however, any excuse for other impressions which could be misinterpreted, from which a meaning can be cullei detrimental to the same spirit so plainly inculcated above. When any work comes forth to instruct or in form, if the matters treated of be ecclesiastical, or even profane, acciden tally touching on the doctrine or govern ment of the Church, it must be such as to give the people a sound, wholesome spiritual nourishment. The imprimatur of even high ecclesiastical authorities cannot always ensure strict accuracy in t hese matters, and so it becomes the duty of the Holy Father "to feed his sheep and feed his lambs" by his own hand. 