Tg,' ?t r\ ^* '-f ??? [?] MISS BHANXTON hadn't made up her mind. Alexander Siuclair's ruddy hair and strong beard always reminded her of the national abbreviation of his name. His cheekbones were high ; his figure was architectured ou the severest Caledonian hues. He was grim of aspect, learned, mid dull of speech. Jack Fulton was Australian. Tall, loug, and lithe of limb ; a frank face, and a bold eye with a huraorcup corner. His conversation rippled like a mniintiin oroot ? Vin vnfte. n.nri rianneri with tile PTilCB of a bush Apollo. Alexander Sinclair was r.ch. Not a douLt if it. A stati.n in the fertile w*st of Victoria, one in Eiveriua, and one on the Queeu6land coast. He was a free aau, and diew his cheques on the Bauk of New South Wales. Jack Fulton was successor to one stt ck-sick, mort gaged run, and hb signed orders on a company — after shearing. Alexander meatt Government House in Sydney and in Melbourne, a Continental tour, a launch ou the Harbour, Fleinington aud Raudwick, aud a thousand trifles very desiruble to a lonely girl in the bush. Without Alexander an annual fortnight in Sjduey by the grace of her late father's executoi'B was all that she could expect— ani the bush. With Jack it would still be the bush nearly all the time. ' Tommy rot ! ' exclaimed Nellie Branxtou, swinging hei self out of her hammock. ' Nobcdj's axed you, my ugly maid. Aud you never can tell till the whipB are out id the straight.' Yet the Bame Nellie B an&tou;, daughter of one of the most whole- hearted spoitsman that ever raced his estate into difficulties, being a live girl, knew full well that dour Sinclair *nd bonnie Jack Fulton were both on her optional list. Though still turning the problem over in her mind as she made afternoon tea for her aunt, Mrs. Cameron, she remembered Billy. ' Do you know, aunt, I'd lay six to four Sandy Sinclair hates Billy,' she remarked. ' My dear, do you think it a good thing to speak of an old friend like Mr. Sinclair m that way ? ' ' It's impulse, aunt. Could anyone resist it ? Why the name cries out at you from a thousand hairs ! ' ?' Oh cli ! oh, oh, clifee ! Missy Blanxtonstoppah him ! ' In through the French windows from the verandah burst Tommy, the Chinese cook. After him stam peded a great ungainly emu, holding a big cooking spoon in itF. beak. . The Chinaman ran round the table yelling like a yellow fiend The bird walked calmly to Miss Branxton and deposited the spoon in her lap. ' Poor old Bill ' said the girl caressingly. ' Have you been doing a fast spiint after Tommy ? I sup poBe he has been woirying jou apaiu !' ' Me no wully, me cook dinner. Billy walka in kitchen, picka my ear whafor ! I not toucbee him, he catcha spcoa, chasee me louu au leun,' cried the breathless cook. ' Nonsense, you must have been beating poor Billy. Go aud get the dinner,' ordered his mis tress. ***** ' Long time my cloppee head off ! My choppee head off ! ' Tommy the CDok was softly crooning murderous resolves as ho felt the edge ot his meat chopper. ' My chop, chop, cSoppee head off.' And at each wi rd he cracked a rib of a forequaiter of lamb with a vicious blow. Suddenly a loug neck was stretched rcuud the coruer of the mfathouse. A beak seized the lamb and tossed it in the air. Up went the chopper for a deadly blow, but us it poised a great padded foot was wlauted iu the China* man's chest, and he col lapsed on the greasy floor. An hour later the gentle Willi»mf hearing a horse canteiiug on the road to the hon^tead, 86t out to meet it aud escort the visi tor from the gate to the house. It was Alexander Sin clair, who rode in at the gate with the reflection of a great resolve iu his cold over the form of hb proposal for the thousandth time. The emu disliked Sinclair, bo he ran under the horse's nose, startled the animal, and disarranged the rider'B stiff seat. , , o.n ' Oh, Caledonia, stern and wild ! Good old Billy nearly worked the downfall of Alexander that time, said Miss Branxton at her window. Mr. Sinclair had travelled. Wealth had unlocked for him ths cabinets that aie closed to the multi tude. He had enjoyed the sights Fortune reserves for her gilded few. * If he was not entertaining, the ttiuge he talked of were highly so. This night he had marshalled the genii of his memory for Mies BraoxWo benefit, aud the marvels they placed be fore her made a distinct impression. Mrs. Cameron melted into the darkness when they went on the verandah afterdinner. Sinclair's opportunity had arrived. Nellie s pretty face, usually rather saucy, had grown thoughtful. She was evidently following his talk. ' That is surely a life worth living, M»es Branx ton,' be said, as he coEcluded his recital of the wonders of ft «iand tour. ' Not too slow, indeed,' said Nellie. ' Mies Branxton. would je-would ye care to travel alway in the good parts of the airth ? He drew bis deckchair nearer to her can© settee. ' I should cough ! I mean it would be jutt de lightful. But I haven't a possible,' she added. ' Oh, ye have ! ' exclaimed Alexander. 'I love ye, Nellie, with a strong mon's love, and lean gie ve all these things. Say will ye be my wife ? ' ' Oh, I'm not sure. You are eo suiden, Mr. Sinclair. If I were to say jes ? ' «? Ay ! ay '? ' his hand reached for hers. «« Say—— H ? 1 and Thomson ! ' he yelled, as Billy's beak was driven into hiB back a good half m«« I hope I am not making one too many,' said Jack Fulton, stepping on to the verandah. ' Couldn't find anybody inside.' ? # ? * * At II o'clock one side of the roof of the old station house was touched with silver by a decadent moon. The tall pines by the garden fence cast inky shadows, aud in one of these William the Innocent slumbered - in a bed of sand and rubbish. From behind the truuk of the tree Tommy t mali cious face grinned at the sleeping bird. Iu his mind the hatred of the Asiatic, intensified by a long series of insults, outrages, and practical jokes, of which he had been the victim ; in his hand his trusty meat chopper. ' Ah ! ah ! Lat a settle you — no kickee now wha for ! » He stood off while Billy yielded the ghost. Then terror seized him. He thought of ' Missy Blanx ton ' and shuddered. An inspiration ! He raised the corpse, aud staggering beneath it bore it to the roadside gate. Here he propped it up in a natural attitude by the post. Presently Sinclair, insulted by Nellie's illccn cealed hilarity over his mishap, mounted fcis horse and set out for home. ' That cursed bird again. Take that ye beast,' and he hit the corpse with his bunting crop, kuock ing it down. ' I've killed ye, have I,' he said as he examined the remains. ' Well, I'll give somebody else a chanca to do likewise.' And he raised the remains and set them up again. Whistling merrily Jack Fulton cantered up to the gate. ' After all I believe she likes me better Lbau the rich Scot, and even more (h an the bird. Why there the brute is now shamming blind as usual. There's a cut for a lival, my frieud.' Down went Billy again, and out popped Tommy from behind a tree. '? Ab, you kill Billie. I telia Mis3y Blauxfou.' ' Shut up, vou yellow fool. There's a pound far you.' ' How much you pay I eay MisBa Sinclair kill him V He knock him allee same down first.' ' What, you cunuiug dog, you put it on to me. Well, I'll give jou a fiver, there ! ' ' All li.' 41 Oh, it was kind aud thoughtful of you to get mo another emu, Jack— I mean Mr. Fulton. I be lieve I will call tljH one Jack,' said Mns Branxton saucily. 41 Couldn't you do with two Jacks, Nellie ? You know I love you.' '? After all the bush aud Jack may be better than Caledonia, aud the continoug,' said Miss Branxton to herself that uight. ' Oh, bow could you, after killing poor BiPy,' she said to Mr. Siuclair when he came to trj to piece his broken suit together. To id in y the cook prepares dinners for Mr. and Mrs. Fulton now. Mr j. FulLn wanted to get rid of him, but Jack insisted on retaining the faithful felloe at high wages. And whenever Tommy wauts an extra half sovereign for opium, he gets it easily from his mas ter. 