OTHER OUTDOOR SCENES IN LONDON. We often hear of the flower girls of London. I saw very few of these sweet maidens " who are sung of plying their trade underneath the gaslight glitter" with their beautifully moulded forms and features ; but I saw several flower girls " of a very different mould stout, coarse, old dames. Imagine a fat, squat woman about 15 stone,- with an old straw bonnet tied around her chin, a big coloured shawl screwed plaid fashion, a dirty apron (the latter might have been white at some time), and a Eshoddy dress ; the face round, very plain, and not too dear, and, Presto! you have the " lovely flower girl." One day one of them accosted me to buy. I declined with a slight shake of the head, when she re- joined in a hoarse voice that reminded me of Grattan Riggs in the guise of the fruit woman in "The Irish Detective" " Well, give us a drink." Street musicians have of late years been very much suppressed, but the street toy vendors are very numerous an extraordinary variety, and " all a penny." The last vestige of what used to be called " street performances " seems to be the pavement picture artist. Some of these artists are really talented, and I could not resist speculating vii) one or two whom I observed vi Fill small gifts resort to such a degraded line of my work. They produce highly coloured chalk presentments of birds, beasts, and fishes , whilst noted per sonagesiiiidpopulai notiibilitlesinemoii 01 less accurately caricatured. One of these artists whom I saw with a patch on the Westminster Bridge Road wasieill)clcvci. He could not only draw pictures with coloured chalks Hartley footing), but also eaiitatuiesof popular personages on sheets of e inviiM "while you want, 01 i vciiMippl) a patron with a lived) ernie time of him self with the aid of the same materials. There was a very close fellow in this line of art" always at Ryde Pink 101 ner, near the entrance to the Row. in other instances, however, Hiepissei li) never sees the "artist" at work, and whether he lins maul) bought an exhibition 01 we ought the picture out himself one knows not It is said that many have the work done for them by men they call the ghosts, and who things the beggar on the "pitch" 2/11 to 7 0 for the " pictut " These poor beggars lily appin call) on tuesday coppers of coins that are thrown to them for an existence. 