A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. )OQTTEMENT IN TftE NEIGI BOURHOOD, 'ho' some seeptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet, with the majority of folk the belief die.t hard. Miss Marner, of " Izamington," Vic toria-road, AUlurn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling :t ghost-- when, for itistance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was sh, by many months' illness. Shesays:- " I commenced, some two years ag., to feel very ill after returning ho'n.* from school. I did not feel sufficientlv' Unwell tO take to my bed, but ex perienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father' took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and 1 was not to exert myself; As I had no inclination to do so, there was no feae of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tonic' given me, with regularity. Then I began to feel acUli painsin my shobldters and back, nold at night I could scarcly get any rest.' " We tried everything to induce slepl,. interposed Mr. Marner, " but withonut effect ; then t consulted a well-knowni Collins-street practitioner. He sai my daughter was suffering principally from weakness; and advised a Chnnae, Her mother took her for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retc't on rising iu the morning; any fo:-.l taken could not be kept down. Su?t t lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said MiK. r Alice, " I weighed 7st. 31hs., now I acm 9st' lbs " A great improvement; your treat; ment must have been beneficial f" "No; all the medicines I got o did me very little good. Actually, r Dr. Wiliams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before Jubilee holidays, father bought me a bho of Dr. Williams' Pink a Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel- strew"t, Prahan ; they did me so much gn ooI , that I continued with themn. It is a long time since I discontinued taking then,, and now I am as healthy as Sianyone could wish." " And you would recommend them ? " " Yes ; and that strongly, too," snid Mr Marner, " had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years befor,., it would have saved me a hundred t pounds." There are many readers who may lhe 'e fortunate enough to save their pockets 1- if they act as this young lady did. Dr. g Williams' Pink Pills will cure ansremin, weak heart, sleeplessness, sc,ofula, ca ,' e sumiption,chronic'erysipelas, debility, ini e- digestion, liver and kidney disanse,, a and chest and lung troubles, pale anu.l er sallow complexions, paralysis, loe a -e motor ataxia, neuralgia, St.Vitus'dance, is and nervous headache, and all nervout disorders. They are sold by chemni.,?s ar And soteaeepers, and by the Dr. Wi!l le liants Medicine Company, c/o Rncke, ,n Tompsitt & Co., Flinders-street, M.,., ,y Iourne, at two and nine a box, or siX r, for fifteen and threepence, but are re genuine only with the full name (seett words), Dr. W\illianns' Pink Pills for ,e Pale People, on each box. Thousanlda is have testified to their curative powers, 