Pentecostal Wind and Fire. (By the late Hey. C H. Spurgeon.) And suddenly there .came a sound from heaven as ot a rushing mighty wind, and it filled ail the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and lt sat -upon each of them. And they -were all fllled with the HoBy Ghost, and began to spealt with other ton>gues, aa the Spirit gave them utterance.- Acts ll., . 2-4. From the descent of the Holy Ghost at the be glnning we may learn something concerning his operations at the present time. Remember at the outest that whatever the Holy Spirit was at the time, that He ls now, for as God He remaineth f orever the same; whatsoever He then did, He is able to do still, for His power is by no means di- minished. Although we may not expect, and need not desire, the miracles which came with the gift of the Holy Spirit, so far as they were phy- sical, yet we may both desire and expect that which was intended and .symbolleed-by them, and we may reckon to see the Jike spiritual wonders performed among ns at this day. ! A PENTECOST, . according to the belief of the Jews, was the timé of the giving, of the law; and if "when the.law was given there was a marvellouß display -of power on "Sinai, it was to be expected that when the Gospel was given, whose ministration is far more glori- ous, there should be some special unveiling of the Divine presence. If at the commencement of the Gospel we behold the Holy Spirit working great signs and wonders, may we not expect a continu- ance-nay, if anything, an increased display-of His power as the ages roll on? The law vanished away, but the Gospel will never vanish; it shineth more and more to the perfect millennial day; therefore, I reckon that, with the sole excep- tion of physical miracles, whatever was wrought by the Holy Ghost at the first we may look to be wrought continually while the dispensation lasts. It ought not to be forgotten that , PENTECOST WAS THE FEAST OF FIRST FRUITS; . it .was the time when the first ears 'of ripe corn were offered unto God. If, then, at the com- mencement of the Gospel harvest we see so plainly the power of the Holy Spirit, may we not most properly expect infinitely more .ashlie harvest ad- vances,, and most of all when the most numerous sheaves shall be gathered? May we not: conclude that if the Pentecost was thus marvellous, the ac- tual harvest will be more wonderful still? . My object is not to talk of the descent bf the Holy Spirit as a piece of history, but to view it as A FACT BEARING UPON US AT THIS HOUR. The Father hath sent us the Comforter. The Holy Ghost has never returned," for He came in accordance with the Saviour's prayer,, to abide with us forever. The gift of the Comforter was not temporary, and the display of His power waa not to be once seen and jno .jmore. r The Holy Ghost is here, and we ought to expect His divine working among us. May God grant that our meditation may increase our faith in the Holy Ghost, and inflame our desires towards Him, so that we may look to see Him fulfilling His mission among men as at the beginning. The Instructive symbols of the..Holy Spirit, which -were made pro minent-at Pentecost, were two. There was a sound as of a rushing, mighty wind, and there were,cloven tongues as it were of fire. The first is WIND-AN EMBLEM OF DEITY, and therefore a proper symbol of the Holy Spirit.' Often under the Old Testament God revealed Him- self under the emblem of breath or wind;; indeed, as most of you know., the Hebrew word for "wind" and "spirit" is the same. So with the Greek /word, when Christ talked to-Nicodemus, it-is not -very easy for translators to tell us when . He said "spirit"" and when He said "wind;" indeed, some moot correctly render the original all the way through by the word "wind," ; while others with much reason nave also -used the word "spirit" in their translation. Tne original word signified either the one or the other, or both. Wind is, of all material things, one of the most spiritual; it ls invisible, ethereal, mysterious; hence, men have, fixed upon it as being nearest akin to spirit. Observe that this wind was on the day of Pente- cost, ACCOMPANIED WITH A SOUND -a sound as of a rushing, mighty wind for albeit the Spirit of God can work in silence, yet in sav- ing operations He frequently uses sound. I would" be the last to depreciate meetings in which there is nothing but holy silence, for I could wish that we had more reverence for-silence, and it ¡is in stillness that thé inner life is nourishes; yet the Holy Ghost does not work for the Advancement of the kingdom of God by silence alone, for faith cometh by hearing. There is a. sound as of a rushing, mighty wind, when the word, is sounded forth throughout whole nations hy publishing of the Gospel. If the Lord had not given men ears or tongues silent worship would have been not only appropriate but neces- sary; but inasmuch as we have ears the Lord must have intended us to hear something, and as we have tongues he must have meant us to speak. Some of" us would be glad to be quiet, but where the Gospel has free-course, there is sure to be a measure of noise and stir. The. sound came on this occasion, no doubt, to call the attention of the assembly to what was about to occur, to arouse them, and to fill them with awe! There is SOMETHING INDESCRIBABLY SOLEMN about the rush of a rising tempest; it bows the soul before the sublime mystery of divine power. What more fitting as an attendant upon divine Working thun'the deeply solemn rush of a mighty wind? With this awe-inspiring sound as of a migTity wind, there yvas clear indication' of its coming from heaven. Ordinary winds blow from this or that quarter of the skies, but this descend- ed from heaven itself;' it: was distinctly like a down-draught from above. This sets forth the fact! fc&at; tine trne: Spfrttr, the Spirit, off Goâ, n*i trier conies from thia place nair that,, neiíher can¡ Tr£f«r power be eontrolPed! or d£récte<â by hunraa-autb»-. rity, bufe His working- ls e-rer frobj above, ,fjrom¡ God Himself. The work of tho Ho By Spirit is, sa to sieak, the breath: of "Gad1, ¿¿«i Hts- power lis evermore In a special sense the immediate: power of God:. Coming downward, therefore-, this mys- terious wind passed-into» the- chamber- where the disciples were- assembled!, andi filled: the room. Filled, hut did not destroy the room, it blessed, but did not overthrow the waiting company. THE MEANING OF THE' SATHBOI,. ls that aa breath, air, wind:,, ia thei very life, of maa, so ts the Spirit off God thia life ai the spiritual man?. By Him are we quieKened at the first; by. Him* are- we kept alive afterwards; by Him is the inner life nurtured:,. and increased:, and perfected!. That rushing: mighty/ wind saom cleared! away alli earth-engenedlered damp» and vapor!?;; it. aroused the disciples and left them hnaccd: \MÏ fou the fuic thoL-'work of the Lord.. They toalt int great draught* of heavenly lifer they felt animated,, aroused, and bestirred!. Av sacred) enfehusiasmi came upon fthemv because they were filled with tine- Jílory Ghost ; and, girt with that strength*, they rose Intw a- nobler form of.. life than, .they had 1-aowh before. No doubt this wind was also" in- tended to shaw ' thé "irresistible power" of the .Haly Ghost. ' Ohl' that we"aid birt see rm these latter tfayT5 something of that mighty rushing- windi which- Brëàketh the cedars of " Lebanon;, .. and fweep» before it all. things;, that would resist its pewer. .' ?':" :?'?*"' .? THE SECOND. PENTECOSTAL SYMBOL WAS ; FIEE. ' ' - . Fire is a:'fréquent "symbol of .Deity.. ; Abraham siw a burning lamp,, and! Moses beheld a. búrnlrus. bush. When Solomon had builded his, holy ami beautiful house, its consecration lay in. the fire. of. God descending, upon the sacrifice, to marie that the Lord was there; »for when'the Lord had dwelt aforetime in the tabernacle,, whiclfc was super- seded by the temple. He revealed himself in a pillar of cloud: by day and. a. pilar of. fire by night. "Our God is a consuming fire." Hence the sym- bol of .fire is%a fit emblem of God the. Holy Spirit. Let us adore and worship Him. Tongues of iaoif siùthug: on each man's; hoad, betoken a per- sonal, visitation te the mind and heart of eaeh one. of the chosen eompony. Not tot consume- them came.; the fires-,, for no one was- Injured hy the flaming tongue;; to men whom the Lord has. pre- pared for His approach there is na danger in His visitations. They see God, and their lives are preserved; they feel His fires, and are not con- sumed- This is the privilege.of those alone who have been prepared1 and purified for such fellow- ship with ,G'od'.. ' -. THE INTENTION OF THE' SYMBOL was. to show them that, the Holy Spirit would il- luminate them, as, fire gives, light'. "He shall lead you into all truth." Henceforth they were to be na moro children' untrained, but to be teachers in Israeî, instructors of the- nations* whom; they were to disciple unto Christ;- henee the Spirit of light was upon them. But fire doth more than give light;: it inflames; and the flames wiheh; sat upon, each, showed; them that they were to be ablaze \- -with lave, intense with "zeal,, hifirnlng with self sacrifice; and that, they were. to. go forth among men to speak not with the. chill tongue, of delibe- rate logic,, but with burning, tongues bf passionate pleading;, persuading, and entreating men to come unto- Christ that they might live- The fire signi- fied inspiration^ God was about to. make them .speak under a divine influence, to speak as. the Spirit of God? should' give- utterance. Ch! blessed symbol, would God that ali of us< experienced its meaning- to the full, and that the tongue' of fire did sit, upon-, every servant of. the Lord. ? Nobe thaiil the emMem was not only. fire,, bat A TONGUE OF FIRE t for God meant to have a.'speaking church; not a church that would' fight with the sword-wfth tbat weapon we have nought to do-but a church* that should hare a sword" proceeding on* of Its mouth,, whose one weapon sha*ild be the procla- mation, off the Gaanet q£ ..Jesus Christ. I should, think froni what E know of some preachers! that, when they- had their Pentecost the. infimenee sat upon, them; im the form of tongues of ftowers; bu/' the apostolic Pentecost knew not flowers, but flames. What fine preaching, we have nowadays-F What, new thoughts*, and. poetical turns! This* is not. the style of the Holy Ghost- Soft and gen- tle is the flow of smooth speech wjiich tells- of the dignity of man, the grandeur of the century, the toning down of ali. punishment for sin, and the probable restoration of all lost spirits, including: the arch-fiend himselif. This is THE. SATANIC MINISTRY,' , , subtle- as the* serpent, blanc! as bis. seducing words to Eve. The Holy Ghost calls ua noi to: this mode of speech- Fire,, intensity, zeal, passion as; much as- you will, but as. for aiming at effect by polish- ed phrases, and brilliant, periods-these are. fitter for those who. would deceive- men than for those who could tell them the message' off tho- Most High. The style of the Holy Ghost is, one which conveys the truth to. the mind in the most forci- ble manner-it is plain but" flaming, simple but consuming. ' The^Holy Spirit has never written a cold period throughout the. whole Bible, and never- did. he speak by a man a lifeless word,, but evermore he gives- and blesses the tongue of fire. These,, then, are the two symbols," and I should like you carefully to . OBSERVE HOW THE. HOLY SPIRIT TEACHES. US by them.. When he came, from; the Father to His SOE Jesus It was; ai dare.. Let-peace rest on ¡ that deaor sufferer's- soul through! all his (Jays of labor and through the passion- which would close them.. His- anointing ia that, ot peace; He needed, no- tongue of flame, for He was already ail ort fire with love- When the Holy Spirit was bestowed by the'Son. of God upon His; disciples, it .was as. breath-"He breathed am them and said, 'Receive the HoEy Ghost.''" To- have life more" abund- antly is a chief necessity of servants of the Lord Jesus, and therefore thus the Holy Ghost visits us. Now that we have the Holy Spirit from Christ as our inner life and quickening, He also comes upon -us with the intent to use us- in bles- sing others, and this is the manner of His visita tien-He comes as the wind, which wafts the words we speak, and as fire whick burns, a. way for the truth we utter. . OUR WORDS ARB NOW FULL OF LIFE . AND FLAME; they àre borne by the breath of the. Spirit, and they fall like fire-flakes, and set the souls ot men blazing with desire after God. li. the Holy Spirit ' shall rest» UBort me-or upon" you, or upon any of us, to qirafffy us for service, it shall be^after this , fashion-not/merely, of life for purselyes, but of fiery energy fn dealing- with others-.?? - Come on us even nawk O rushing mighty.windand tongue í of fire, for- the woricT hath great need. It lies . stagnant fr>-the malaria bf sin, and needs "a-heál ? rng wind; it is shrouded in dreadful night, . and ; needs the flaming, torch off truth. There & nei ; ther health) nor light for it but from thee, O bliess : ed" Spirîh; corney then, upon it through thy peo : pie; .'.-?-?'','.' 