Brownie Douglas, Charter XXX. entrapped. ' No, madam ; at least not well enough to claim his acquaintance and protection, except in case of stern necessity ; but he knows all about these jewels, and should I tell my st try he would know that I spoke the truth. If you persist in giving me further trouble, I shall immediately make the whole matter public, and doubtless you know what the consequences will be.' Mrs. Coolidge's eyes flashed, and the young girl, catching their gleam at that instant, involuntarily shiver ed, they looked so evil ' My dear Miss Douglas,' she be gan, politely, after a moment, ' can we not temporise in this matter ? Vou know if Isabel ceases suddenly to wear those jewels it will make matters very awkward for her. Could you not be persuaded for a handsome consideration to lend them to her until after her marriage, which will be in a little more than a month.' Brownie's lips curled with scorn at this proposition. The woman who could make it under the existin y cir cumstances seemed so small ot soul to her. 'No, madam ; I think I. have lent them long enough already,' was her quiet but scatning reply. The angry woman's lips twitched nervously, and her hands were clen ched with passion that; this poor, friendless girl should dare to thwart her so — that she should dare to stand so proudly, defiantly before her, and fling out so coolly her scathing sar casms. She grew white as the deli cate lace at her throat, and her eyes burned with a lurid light which boded mischief. ' Hark !' she said, suddenly. Some body is coming. It tnay be Isabel, and w« shall have a scene. Come into my room, and I will let you out through there.' She walked swiftly across the room, seemingly much disturbed, al though Brownie had caught no sound of any one approt-ching. She pushed aside some hangings and revealed a narrow door. Brownie wondered that such a nar row, peculiar doer should connect two elegant rooms, but she reasoned that this must be part of the original castle, and that all these elegant hangings had- been put up to conceal the awkward doors. Before opening it, Mrs. Coolidge pushed back a heavy boh (another circumstance which struck Brownie as singular), and opening the door, revealed a small, square room or passage, dimly light ed by a dormct window set high in the stone wall. The place was perfectly bare, and there was a damp, uncanny feeling in the atmosphere, as if it had not been opened before for a long while. Brownie involuntarily drew back as she reached the door, and glanced suspiciously at her companion. Mrs. Coolidge, who was watching her prey with the intentness of a cat watching a mouse, noticed her hesi tation, and suddenly pushed Brownie in, bolting the door upon her. All 100 late Brownie saw how she had been fo led and entrapped, and blamed herself fot having trusted the faithless woman for an instant. " I suppose she thinks to frighten mc into submission by shutting me up like a naughty child,' she said, with curling lips and flashing eyes. ' But she will find she has reckoned without her host,' for that wicked woman shall never get these precious jewels away from me again. Oh, auntie,, she added, a moment after. you little knew what a troublesome legacy you were giving me ; were they not sacred to me on your account, they are not worth all this ttouble and contention. But they shall not have them now.' She walked to the door and rap ped upon it. "Mrs. Coolidge,' she said, in cold, stern 'tones, ' if you think to subdue me thus, and gain youi end, you are very much mistaken in my character and I warn you that you are only heaping up wrath for yourself.' There was no answer, and Brownie , finally concluded that the only thing she could do for the present was to exercise abundant patience and wait. I When Mrs. Coolidge had accom- ; plished her piece of diabolical ! treachery, and the door was bolted ' upon the prisoner, she sank down | upon a chair nearly fainting, i Not long after she heard Isabel's , voice in the hall. Hastily rising, she went to the door, unlocked it, though her hands trembled so that it was with diffi- i culty that she inserted the key in i the lock. With her fingers upon her lips, she be ikoned her,daughtertocomein ' Good gracious, mamma ! what is the matter ? You are as white as a ghost !' she exclaimed, as she entered. Hush ! Come in quick, and lock the door again ; then I will tell you. Isabel obeyed, and then Mrs. Coolidge related all that had tran spired during the last half-hour. ' It is very evident from what you say that Lord Dunforth knows too 1 much about the jewels, while we know little. But how are we to get out of tnis abominable trouble?' and Isabel looked miserably anxious. ' Keep her in there until she gjves up the box and promises secrecy,' returned her mother, with a sig nificant nod at the draped door. ' But she will.be missed mean while.' ' Well, we must wonder with the rest what had become of her. I am confident no one saw her come in here, and so 110 one will susptct us in the matter. I tell you, Isabel, we have a desperate game to play now, or you "will lose Sir Charles. Those jewels we must have for their absence will occasion endless inquiry and remark. If she won't yield, we must get them while she sleeps, and keep her shut up until after the wed ding. When that is ovei , and you are sure of your position, I do not care what becomes of them or her,' the proud woman whispered, in con centrated tones, and with a despei'ate and reckless air that al.nost frighten ed her daughter. ' But is there no danger that sho will be heard if she should scream, or cry, or make a fuss ? ' ' Not thedeast in uhe world. The place seems to be made of solid ma sonry ; it has no other door but this, which is very thick, and with those heavy curtains dropped over it, no one could ever hear her. Besidts, I have no fear that she will make any disturbance — she is too proud.'- ' What if she should die in there, mamma?' The two plotting women looked at each other with whitening faces for a moment. Mrs. Coolidge was the first to re cover herself, however. ' Pshaw ! what a foolish notion, Isabel ! She is strong and well, and theie is no danger. I will take her plenty of good food every day,' ' But, mamma, the bare possibility of the thing gives me a dreadful feeling. I am as weak as if I had just recovered from a swoon,' said Isabel, shuddering. ' Don t be a fool, child ; only let us tide the next four or five weeks over, and we shall be all right. However, if you saj7 so, and are willing to run the risk, we will let her out now,' re turned Mrs. Coolidge, impatiently. ' I begin to wish I'd never touche'd those jewels ; they have given me more trouble than pleasure,' Isabel said, gloomily, , ' I told you it would be so in the i first place,' retorted her mother, who / was also feeling the stings of con- « science sharply, and could not re- i strain her it ritability, I An hour later Lady Ruxley's bell rang a furious peal. It hac5. been nearly thiee hours since Brownie left her. Such a thing had never happened before and she did not know what to make of it. She was getting so attached to her gentle and lovable companion that she missed her sadly if she were absent an hour. ' Like a3 not Helen his set her about some task or others; but I'll not have' it — she shan't be imposed upon,' she muttered to herself as she stamped about the room with her cane, glancing first from one window and then another to sec if Brownie was coming. "Presently Minnett came in. ' Mil tiett, find Miss Dundas, and ask her to please come co me,' she said. Minnett retired, was gone another half hour, while tne old lady grew furious o t the delay, then returned and said M:ss Dundas could not be found. She was forthwith angrily com manded to go and find Miss Dundas, and not return until she did. Minnett meekly withdrew again, and her ladyship sat another hour fuming and raging, first against her maid, then at Lady Randal, whom she believed to be at the bottom of it all, to serve some purpose of her own. and lastly her ire turned upon Brownie herself for allowing herself to be detained so long. Finally, her patience completely wearied out, she marched down into the drawing-room, ready to berate the first person she met. Here she touud everybody in a great state of excitement over the non-appearance of Miss Dundas. One, two, three hours more passed, and still no light was tlnown upon the mystery. Lady Ruxley had be come nearly distracted, Lady Randal was very much disturbed, while the guests, who had remarked Brownie's beauty and refinement, began to whisper of an elopement, or so ne- thing equally romantic. In the midst of the excitement, Viola and Alma appeared upjn the scene, and upon being told that Miss Dundas was missing, the former asked what sort of a looking person she was. Sir Charles- immediately gave a very accurate description of Brownie, whereupon both girls exclaimed : ' Why, that is our Miis Douglas, and wemet her just as we were going out.' ' And who is ' our Miss Douglas,' and what connection has she witn Lady Ruxley's companion ?' asked Sir Charles, coming forward and looking very grave. 'She was our governess until about two months ago, when — Mrs. Coolidge hastened to the rescue. ' I really fear, Sir Charles, that your aunt has been grossly imposed upon. This Miss Douglas of whom Viola speaks came over with us from America as governess to the girls. I began to suspect from the very first that she was not the person I could desire, but I put up with her until about two months ago, when her very unbecomirg conduct made it necessary that I should dismiss her immediately ' ' What did she do,' demanded Lady Ruxley, sharply, ' that was so very dreadful ?' ' Really, I am very sorry to be drawn into this disagreeable matter thus. I dislike to say anything derogatory to any one, but since j you ask, I will say that she took J things that did belong to her, and j made herself offensively free with ' my son, who is now in Germany,' replied Mrs. Coolidge, with every appearance of sorrow that she was obliged to make the confession. 1 I don't believe a word of it,' said Lady-Ruxley to L.dy Randal. " But, aunt, it must be so Mrs. Coolidge's words is indisputable.' ' Maybe you think so,' retorted hei ladyship, irritably. ' The evidence is so clear, too,' whispered her niece, unheeding her remark. ' I have feared from the first that you wore being imposed upon. Th at '3 always the way with those girls «vho have no recom mendation—they are. all adven turesses. I only hope you won't find that she has helped herself from your belongings.' ' Silence, Helen ! You are always ready to believe the woist of every body. I tell j'ou I believe that there j has been foul p'ay in this matter, I and if the girl lias really gone away j she no doubt has been driven away j in some underhanded manner.' j ' The very fact of her giving a false nnme goes against her,' persist ed Lady Rimda!. ' That was nor just the thing, of course,' was the' rather subdued reply. I I'.ou she added, as if a new thought struck her : ' ( believe that I was to bl tme for fcliat, alter all I bad a baG cold at that, time, and was as deaf as a post. I am convinced now that she gave me her name correctly, and 1 misunderstood her, and she, having had trouble with these folks, let it stand so.' ' She had no business to do that,' returned Lady Randal, with an 'ex pression of righteous indignation. ' If she never does anything worse than give an assumed name, she'll be better than some folks whom I know. I fancy you've some sins on your conscience, Helen, blacker than j any t'int poor girl ever thought of.' added Lady Ruxley, spitefully. Sbe felt the woman 011 whose arm she was leaning start violently, and could she have looked into her face at that moinenL she would have been frightened, for it was perfectly livid. Notwithstanding the general be- liol that Miss Douglas, as all c was now called, had absconded, Sir Charles gave orders that the search should ho kep; up a while longer. About eight o'clock Adrian Dred- inonu was announced. He had been to Lady Ruxley's villa, but upon 1 being told that she and her compan- ion wore at the hail, lie diovcimme- ! diately thither. Lady Randal met him in the hall on her return Coin Lady Ruxley's ' apartments. I She greeted him cordially, and then taking his arm, led him into the dr-uving- room. (To he Continued.) 