Our Tuesday's Tale. THE BROKEN ROWLOCK. Albert Langdox and Charles Nayior were companions of long standing. In the same class at school, and residing in the same street, a childish attachment strengthened as they grew older, until they seemed more like bro thers than friends. They helped each other with their home lessons, -or rather, Albert assisted his friend, who would not have kept his place in the school but for such aid. In the summer evenings they often went fishing, and occasionally, as ■they grew older, had a row up the Ribbie as far as Walton Church. Charlie's father wished his only son to learn his own trade, that of a cabinet-maker, but Albert meant to be a schoolmaster, and in the end both bad become pupil teachers in tbeir old school. When both were 17 years of age, a well-to-do uncle of Albert's died, and be queathed to bis favourite nephew a legacy of £2000, the income mean time to be spent on the 'fortunate youth's education. The legacy lead to feeling of coolness between the two friends, Nayior fancying that Langdon ' put on air' because of bis fortune. On Naylor's 18th birthday, however, he was the re cipient of a splendid little boat, just big enough for two, Langdon having purchased two boats exactly alike, out of his first half-year's in terest on his legacy. This generous act renewed the strained friendship, and for a time all went along smoothly. The two often went on the river with their boats, occasion ally racing in a friendly fashion, and sometimes taking a friend with them. Among the pupil teachers was a pretty girl named Alice Crook, a favourite with the whole school, and it soon became apparent that for her smiles the two friends were rivals. And when Charles Nayior made the mortifying dis covery that Alice preferred Albert's company, and that she gladly ac cepted his assistance in preparing her evening lessons, the spirit of the youth again burned fiercely, and he vowed to have his revenge * some day.' Outwardly, to all ap pearance, he was as friendly as ever; he could not pick a quarrel with Langdon without giving a reason; and to confess that he sighed for the affection of the fair Alice was impossible. 'What do yon think of entering in the two oared boat-race at the regatta, Charlie ?' asked Albert one evening. ' There are no boats on the river so light as onrs, and it is not like there will be any competitors from other places; the prizes will scarcely tempt them. Besides, if they do, -we are not obliged to compete.' * If you are thinking of it, I'll enter,' replied Langdon.' ' And I'll take bis insufferable pride down a peg or two,' muttered Nayior to him self, as he went down to the river at sunrise next morning, to put himself in training for the race. He would win easily, he believed, and thereby show Langdon that he was not AI at everything he aimed at. And as Nayior was fully two inches taller, and least a stone heavier, than Langdon, it seemed a foregone conclusion among their acquaintances when it became known that the two had entered for the race that Nayior would be a comparatively easy winner. The weather on the regatta day was all that could be desired, and- the northern bank of the river was crowded with spectators, the grand stand being filled by the elite of the. town. The race for which Langdon and Nayior had entered was far down in the programme, and mean while they sat with their friends in the grandstand. Alice Crook was there, and to Naylor's intense chagrin, she wore a neat little blue tie, his competitor's row ing jacket having blue stripes, while his own had chocolate brown. 4 I'll take the puff out of him!' thought Naylor, strolling off in an other direction, to the wonderment of his friends. There were seven entries for the two-oared boat race, and Nay lor was first favourite. He had shown himself on the pre vious Sunday afternoon to admir ing crowds between the bridges, his rapidity of stroke being com mented upon by all who professed to know anything about rowing. There was a capital start, and be fore the competitors had gone 100 yards Naylor was leading with Langdon close behind. Straining every nerve the favourite kept well in front until he had rounded the buoy, hut getting too near the hank he was compelled to ship oar for a few seconds, aod that lost him the race. Langdon manage to keep on the left side of his anta gonist, and, in spite of almost superhuman.efforts by Naylor, won the race was about ten yards, Furiously disappointed, Naylor' could not face the sympathy of his friends, and after resuming his or dinary dress, went home, leaving Alice Crook to be escorted by Landgon. It bad been previously arranged that the two friends should go to a concert that even ing, being Saturday; but Naylor did not turn up at the appointed time, and having purchased two ! reserve seat tickets, Langdon called i on Mrs. Crook, and begged her to | allow Alice to go with him. J The mother knew of his legacy, j and also of his many good qualities, j and believing her daughter might i do much worse than marry Langdon ! she gave her consent. Naylor's class j in the Sunday school was minus a I teacher next day ; he had a severe ! cold was the excuse sent to ^fche : superintendent. But on theJMon ' day morning he was in his place in . the day school, and greeted* Lang don as though nought had dis 5 turbed the good feeling between : them. And their mutual friends i who saw the two young men to I gether during the next few weeks 1 were obliged to admit that they j had been agreeably surprised by I Naylor's behaviour under defeat; ; be was bearing it like a brave ! young fellow ought to do. Naylor i had proposed a leisurely row down the river some Saturday evening, going with the stream, and return ing with the incoming tide, thereby rendering the task of rowing some what easier. But the carrying out ! of the project was postponed—First ; because when the tide would suit ■ the weather was unpropitious; then, 5 the annual teachers' examination • took place on a Saturday otherwise suitable. And then it happened , when they were able to go October was far advanced, and Langdon 1 would have dropped the project at the first hint from his friend. 4 We shall be all right, Bert; the moon rises at seven, and we shall ! be on our way back then,' said i Naylor on their way down to the j boathouse. And so Langdon ; thought as they rowed slowly down ! with jbhe stream, the exertion re ! quired being so little as to make it ! very enjoyable. They had gone fur ther than otiginally intended, being j opposite the Naze, when Langdon looking round westward, saw that a thick fog was coming up the river. 4 Look at the fog, Charlie ; we must turn at once/ Naylor was a few yards behind at the time, and instantly turning commenced to row at his best speed. Landon followed suit, but before he had rowed fifty yards he fell on bis back at the side of the boat, up setting it. He was an expert swimmer, and soon managed to get into the boat again, but both his oars were now lost, and when be had bailed the water out his com panion was nowhere to be seen. The fog had gradually crept round him, rendering it impossible to see where the tide was carrying the helpless boat. He must be going in the direction of home, he thought; that was his only conso lation. His position did not seem so very perilous; if the fog would only lift, he should have no fears for his ultimate safety. What bad caused bis mishap ? A broken rowlock, evidently, and he felt it carefully. 4 Great heavens—it has been cut! Who committed such an outrageous deed ?' and he tried to think that his lifelong friend would not be guilty of a dastardly act which might yet end—how ? 4 No, no; I will not believe that Charlie would play such a despic able trick, and thereby give the fie to his protestations of gratitude for the assistance of many kinds I have been able to render him.' His musings were interrupted by the boat running into a sandbank, with which the estuary of the Kibble abounds. Was the sand bank near the shore ? Being high water, or close to it, he dare not leave his boat to endeavour to as certain his surroundings, and with some difficulty he pushed the boat I off again. Shivering with the cold sitting in his wet clothes, the thick fog adding to his discomfort, the hours went slowly by, but not nearly so iast as he imagined. And when he was beginning to hope thufc^ the tide must have carried him so near Preston that he might possibly see some signs of life on the river banks, the boat again struck the sand. ' I must be in°the estuary of the Douglas river,' he said to himself. And again shoving the boat off, be began to hope that he might venture to take to the sandbank when he again struck it._ The night passed slowly—so slowly to the still hopeful occupant of the cockle-shell boat that, not knowing "in which direction he was going, he was both startled and dismayed when, the fog lifting suddenly, he could see a number of lights, but at such a distance away that for some time he could not feel certain what town they belong to. ' That is Southporfc, and 1 am being car | ried out to sea ! It was an over whelming discovery, and his hopes | of succour gre.w faint. A f^w minutes observation con viced him that he was being carried In a southerly direction, anid he was thereby somewhat reassured, as he would ere long be in the track of ships outward bound from Liver pool, and might be rescued in time before the intense cold had done its terrible work. But in spite of his efforts to keep the blood in circula tion, a sense of numbness stole over him, and though he well knew that sleep would mean death, his determination to keep awake was giving way to despair when sud denly the lights of a large ship loomed before him. ' Ship ahov !' he shouted, but his voice was as hoarse as the croak of a raven, and could not have been heard a dozen yards away. The moon was shin ing brightly, however, and the lookout man on board the steamer happily espied the boat, which was painted white, with blue stripes around the gunwhale. The engines were stopped, and a rope thrown to Langdon, bu|; he was too weak^and numbed to catch it. ' They have gone, and left me to perish!' he groaned. But it was not so. A boat put off from the steamer, and hapless Langdon was soon on board. The reacLion produced by the cer tainty that he was safe, however, was more that he could bear, and when lifted on board he was insen sible. ' A narrow escape !' said the doctor. * See, his watch stopped at 7.15 5 he must have been sitting in that boat, in his wet clothes, for nearly six hours. Only a strong constitution could have stood such an ordeal.' ' Is it safe to send bira back with the pilot?' asked the captain. By no means. It would be sending him to the grave. He will have a sharp attack of fever, I am afraid he said.' His pockets were searched for some evidence of bis identity, but no papers or letters of any kind were found. His clothing and the possession of a good watch and chain show him to be respectable : we must ask the pilot to make known the rescue to the Liverpool papers; his friends will thus be informed of his safety,' said the captain. The doctor's opinion was verified, and Langdon, was raving in the delirium of fever during thtr whole of the passage across the Atlantic to New York. But having safely turned the crisis, he mended rapidly. A collection among the passengers bad produced sufficient to pay for his passage home, and he thus returned to Liverpool Jay the same steamer. In- the meantime, consternation, followed by intense grief, reigned in two homes at Preston. When Charlie Naylor realised that his vil lainous scheme had been successful, so far that when he ventured to look round, Langdon's boat was not I in sight, his satisfaction was but of I a mingled character. What would i be the result ? Had he really con templated the murder of his old j friend ? What would he gain by | it ? If Bert Langdon were drowned ; would Alice Crook transfer her i affections to another, even though | that other bad been to Langdon : like Absalom to David ? These : and other questions of a similar j nature Charlie Naylor asked him self as he pulled steadily onwards. The fog was so thick that he could [ not see three yards in any direc j tion; and with ears strained, he J went slowly on towards the town not much afraid of being run down, for he knew that few vessels left I Preston on Saturday night. ■ Thank i goodness, there's a light at last, j That must be the chain light, and I ; have yet more than two miles to j go. But the tide is helping me f splendidly.' Ere he arrived at the new pier, the fog lifted, and then j he rowed much faster. He had j fixed upon the course he intended : to adopt. He would say nothing i about Langdon unless questioned5, j and then declare that he lost him | in the fog. It was the most foolish decision he coald have come to, but guilt induced fear. For the first time in bis life, be did not arrive at home until past midnight. His father had gone to bed very angry, declaring that if he awaited the coming home of his son there would be a row, and therefore he had I better retire. And his mother, after setting out his hot supper, [ said nothing to him about the late ness of the hour. Before he had finished his supper, there was a knock at the door. No one in the front could see the light in the back parlour, and guessing that someone from Langdon's had come to ask for him, Naylor sat still, saying to himself, ' Let them knock !'. It was Mrs. Langdon, and reluctantly she returned home, thinking it possible as her husband suggested, that the young men had landed at Lytham when the fog came on, and there being no train, had been obliged to stay all night. Next morning, however, before Charles Naylor was out of bed, Mrs. Langdon was again at the door, and Mrs. Naylor aroused her son. 1 Where did you leave Bert lost evening, Charlie ?' ' Some where down the river, when the fog came on. We lost one another. But surely he has come home ?' * No, they have heard nothing of him. Oh 1 Charlie, how could you leave him ? You are bigger and stronger than he is, and if anything has— * Don't talk such nonsense, mother I What can have happened to him V But Mrs. Naylor did not reply , she went slowly- downstairs with her terrible news, vain!_y en deavouring to assuage the grief of the stricken mother. ' It is no use, Mrs. Naylor; something tells me my son is lost 1 The good die young 1 And never a better son than my Bertie trod the earth. He has never willingly caused any one of us a moment's pain. I don't blame your son. He got frightened I suppose, when the fog came on, and was in a hurry to get hack. I will come in again, and see him.' Mr, Langdon went to the police, and notified them that his son was missing; and acting on their advice he took the train to Lytham, and there engaged a small steam trawler to seach for the missing boat. But nothing was found aud no tidings were received of its owner. On reaching Liverpool, the pilot of the Macedonia was met by his eldest daughter, with the news that her mother had been found dead in bed the previous morning. The mes sage he had been charged to deliver to the newspaper offices was com pletely forgotten, in his grief at the death of his wife, and it was not until the following Thursday that he chanced to see a paragraph in the Echo to the effect that a young man named Langdon who went for a row on the Bibble on Saturday evening, had not returned, and it was supposed he had been lost in the fog. Blaming himself for bis forgetfulness, the pilot immediately wired to the Preston police, to the effect that the Macedonia had picked up a small boat with a young man in it, in the Channel, some ten miles west of the Mersey Bar. A few hours afterwards Mr. Langdon was in Liverpool, and after some little trouble found the pilot. But again the heart-broken father had to endure the torments of suspence. The pilot had to admit that the rescued young man was in a high fever when he left the steamer, and Mr. Langdon returned home with a fuller understanding than he had previously possessed of that well known text — ' Hope deferred maketh the heart sick.' During that week, Charles Naylor went about like an animated ghost, and won golden opinions for his evi dent grief for the supposed loss of his friend. But, to the astonish ment of his parents, the news brought by Mr. Langdon from Liverpool did not chase the gloom from the young man's brow. He seemed to become more melancholy than before; and as the time ap proached when the Langdons might expect' to hear from their son, if he had recovered, the Naylor's feared that Charlie was going out of his mind. The arrival of the Maceeonia at New York was duly chronicled in the Liverpool papers but nothing was said of the re sumed castaway,andagain the hopes of the Langdons grew fainter. The tortures of remorse endured by Charles Naylor during this period it would be impossible to describe. He could not eat, and the little sleep he was able to obtain was broken by awfnl dreams, in which Albert Langdon was drowning and appealing for help. The full™enor mity of the crime he had commited as the result of his mad jealousy, had come home to him, one he would have given all he possessed, his hopes, his prospects, could he have undone his wicked deed. The hopes of the Langdons now entered in the return of the Macedonia and the joy of the family may be imagined when a telegram was re ceived from their son, handed in at Queenstown saying that he was quite well, and hoped to be at home within twenty-four hours. 41 must go and tell Mrs. Naylor; she says Charlie is fretting himself to deatb,' J said Mrs. Langdou. But the good news had an effect on Charles Naylor that astonished all who knew the circumstances. He was taken suddenly ill, and the doctor, said he was in for a sharp attack \ of brain fever. For some time his' life was In danger, and when he was sufficiently recovered to see visitors the first to come was Albert Langdon. He had not b-en told that Langdon wi>h<<l to see him. and when his xdd friend *j:>oke he turned away his face, crying: ' Bertie Langdon • No, no ; I can not—I—tried—" Hush, Charlie ■ You must forget what happened on that day. It is known only to you and me. I knew you would be sorry afterwards, Charlie. You have been spared a lifelong misery. Shake hands, old friend.' From that hour Charlie Naylor recovered strength rapidly. But for a long time avoided the river, and before he ventured out his boat had been sent as a gift to a bazaar got up at Southport on behalf of the lifeboat fund. Only Albert Langdon could have explained why, after that brain fever attack, his friend seemed to have suddenly changed from the youth to the man. His exuberant spirits and fun-loving nature had vanished; and he was seldom seen to smile. To the re gret of his parents, be declined to follow the teaching profession; Langdon alone guessed his reasons. Three years after their last row, Langdon married Alice Crook, Naylor, after much persuasion, being ' best man' on the occasion. 1 How foolish to go rowing on the Rihhle when the tide is up, and unable to swim !' remarked oue of the male guests, after the newly wedded pair had departed for Torquay. Only Albert Langdon could have explained why Charles Naylor turned pale, his eyes dis tending with horror, as a paragraph from the local evening paper was read, relating how a young man had been drowned on the river, his skiff having been upset as the result of a ' broken rowlock.' 