THE MESMERIST'S CRIME, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL, ARRANGEMENT. .. -CTy B. Xa. E"uSS.irSS(0r- j Author, of ''Tiie Great For Or Square Mystery," ".Grlf," "The Sacred IJugget," "Miriam, Rozella," "A Fair- Jewess/,'. "The Betrayal of John Fordham," ".The .Golden Land,'' &c.;, &c.; ',- . 'COPYRIGHT.. . " CHAPTER Xl.-iOontinucdV ' . "Then you have long arrears to pull up. You fchall paint my portrait, so that a lUting pre sentment o£ myself may go dotvn 'to an un grateful posterity," "1 canhot''d6 it." " Yqu shall do it. It Is the only favour I have eyef'aslted of you, and I will not -.be de-. nied; I will, giv.fe you the first sitting to-mor row. Remember. I am your physician." "1 cannot' put brush to canvas till 1 get some sleep." """" . "J will c-nsure you sleep; the) lonely, life yuu are leading Is -suinbleht to destroy; your- nerv'iis , arid your brain. "When did You hear 'frorri Valerie last?" "Yesterday." "Is she well?" "She says so." i- , , "When did you write to her last?" "A fortnight ago." There was reproach in the'glance Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and he felt it. Life whs beginning to stir within him; the friendly lm- periousness, the healthy bolsterousness of the doctor were telling upon the naturally healthy organisation of the artist. "It is not like you, Maubray, to neglect-so sweet a girl as Valerie — your only child, who loves you devotedly. "Do I neglect her?" "Would you ask . that question a second- time. Maubray?" - "No. You are right In much that you say; In much that you Imply. "But you see I am . worn out. The curse of sleeplessness un balances me." Although Dr. Webtr did jjot approve, of plates, he recognised the necessity, jof them in this case. But he found that ordinary remedies were powerless to produce the need ful repose, and he was compelled to have re course to a' deadly drug of his own pre paring, which hud the desired effect. In a few days Maubray's eye was brighter, his skin was regaining Its natural - colour. The drug Dr. Weber administered was a dissolv able powder: and one of .Its virtues was that It was tasteless and colourless, and that It Imparted no flavour to the liquid In which it was dissolved. Thus a person taking It un aware would not suspect Its: presence, and this peculiarity rendered. It dangerous. So great was the benefit Maubray derived from it that ho Insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, pi soine future time when the doctor's personal ser vices might not be available. Complying with thlB request Dr. Weber vias careful to ex plain the danger that lay in'taking-a larger' dose than he had prescribed! r : j "It Is comparatively harmless," he 'snid, "when taken as I direct, through Its habi tual use would certainly lead to injurious- re- suits." "A remark whleh'dpplies to all narcotics,", said Maubray. "That iBSOy but In this drug there' Is sp'ecldl danger. Use it only when there Is Imperative . need for It, and keep. It locked away, so that It shall not fall into the hands of- any other person than yourself.-- Its- nature is absolutely deadly, and only the smallest dose- can be taken with safety." , "I will keep it in a secret drawer in this studio,'.' said ; Maubray; ', "which". no one ; can open but myself. Then there Is another safe guard In the label, 'Deadly Poison,' which you have- properly affixed to the wrapper.". This.'conversiujpn .was taking, plane .hi .the'.! Rulne'd Towel',- and - Maubray showo'd Dr. Weber - the secret drawer in ..which he depo sited, the powder. "What woilld be. the effect ofa 'double' dese?" Dr. Weber looked at him apprehensively, "Do not be alarmed. I have no intention of misusing it. The crisis is past, . and my mind is recovering its balance-. In proof of which 1 have resojved to, paint :'a" new Marguerite, and am already eager .: to commence. I have even selected my - model, and have my canvas ready." . y',, "That will he better "tliari any- modiclril! T- can administer,", sold Dr. Weber, . hailing: with-' delight 1 tills healthy symptom, . , "Who Is your model?" ' . ... ' - "Her name Is Frldn; the daughter of .a . workman' In the' qualifies, . I wd'sfsltting-at my window here, and Ehe passed 'along .the road. Beholding her, ,1 was .Irresistibly re, minded of Marguerite,.: ahd/YciS'1. usual with" all crazy enthusiast's, .was eager lb set to ' work Immediately. She comes- tormorrotV, morning.?' '. He spoke with animation, arid D.r. Weber" saw before .him the old Maubray:. he bad wished to sco. , . 1.-i ' Maubray returned to the theme; qt vthov . drug. "What would-be the eitict If a double, ' duse wore taken?" "A- man In -perfect. health'- would- sleep for three or four days; ono In feeble health might uevc-r awulte." ; 'And a treble dose?" . . "Would -be fatal." , / "Instantly fatal?'' "No. Within the hour, I should think; In- n dose so larg.e there would be a curious va riation. Instead of sending the man to sleep'- it would keep him awake, till detlth syper- yenc-d." "A death 'Of suffering?" "A perfectly painless death." "Would he lose the use-pf his faculties?" "He would retain them to the last." "Then the death trance," Bald Maubray, thoughtfully. "It Is fortunate that the secret of this drug Is known' to fe'w." "I believe it to he-known -only to mvself," snid Dr. Weber. "My discovery of Its effect was accidental. In Its natural state It Is .com paratively- harmless; I- prepare it In a certain way. and that is my secret. Only eo you would I entrust so large a quantity. You ,-wlll be careful of It, Maubray?" "Trurl me. I wi\l not misuse It." Here the conversation- ended, and next day Maubray began work on 'his famous picture of Marguerite. The image of Gabrielle was still In h's mind, iind lie thought of lier con stantly, but the sharp pang inflicted by hor death had passed away, and In its' place reigned a sad and tender memory. Hn their conversations Dr. Weber referred_froquently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to her now more regulqrly and at greater length. . Gra- | dually and surely he regained Ids usual se- , renity. and contemplated recalling Ills daugh- ; ter home afcmo distant date. Events hastened the fulfilment of this Intention;- Madame llartmann's husband died and she was left j a childless widow. Maubray seized the op- ! rortrnlty. . lie sent' for '-Valerie, and Invited I his sister to take up her abode with him: She joyfully -consented, and presently do mestic happiness once more reigned in the I artist's home. No shadow fell upon the Dcace of Crow's Nest until Maubray inter cepted the letter which Professor Fleury had sent to Ills daughter. Two months liad pas's- 1 ed- since then, and- all the efforts made by ; Maubray to discover the writer -had failed. The picture of Gnbrielle which he had alnt- ! ed hung upon the wall of his -studio in 'the ; Ruined Tower. CHAPTER Xir. . " ' A bracelet and some old lace from Madame 1 Kallmann, "With, loving felicitations to my. | dear niece Valerie;" a dainty watch, ex-"- qulsltely enamelled, from Dr. Weber, "With allectlonate wishes from an old frlen'd;" a sot of flower' vases from the servants In. Crow's Nest, "With dutiful respects to our young mistress;" a fan, upon each leaf of which- was an. allegory, a poetical fancy, or a scene from Nature, painted by Bernard Maubray, "To Valeiie, with her father's love;" a bouquet of white; and red roses tied with a ribbon, on tvhlch was Inscribed, "From Maurice to Valerie;": these, with flowers and remembrances from, humbler' friends by whom she wob loved,' lay about the room and on the table -by which Valerie was sitting on her twenty- third birthday. It was noon of a beautiful day In June, . and all- things con tributed to the yoiing girl's' happiness; the soft breeze, 'the .dreamy clouds, thq-rustllni; of the leaved, wdVe '.In -'Harmony with Valerie's mood. < i Uneventful. .as her - life appeared 'to. have been, she had passed through a storm harder to hear because, like a mother protecting her i young, she had taken Its full force upon he: I shoulders; but this heart-trial, was over, and j peace-held out his arms to her; She gazed at the gifts, and, moving about the room, hand led them gratefully and tenderly; In ' the (,umb memorials there was a spiritual Hie which spoke to her In loving accents, glorify ing her natal day with affection worthily won and richly deserved. Gentle and sweet to all who 'came In contact with her, recognising no difference's in' social rank as a claim upon the measures of her regard, no less merciful 'to the poor; than to the rich, It would havt, been strange Indeed- had she failed to win affection, for though there Is much that is mean and time-serving ;ln . the world, there are beneath' this sordid crust sterling quali ties, which ring true when brought within the Influence cf such unselfish kindness as Va- ltiie showed to high and low alike, The gifts by which she. was surrounded were proofs of- this. They were the unsought reward of. the efforts cf an unselfish nallire; ijiey sjoite of the past and the -present,- and the bouquet - of roses; emblem' of the future, sung- Its Bllent song of love.- Siqking into a chair she raised the flowers to her lips arid kissed them, and 'or closed 'eyes 'resting lightly .on tile leaves, saw visions which stirred h,er soul with a sacred joy. This was the springtime, cf her life; the promise of, summer was. smil ing upon her. There had been. dark 'days in the past, days of - sorrow "and anguish In which she had watched the fading of a lire dear to her and most dear to her father, days unllghtoned by a word, of sympathy, and for some time; thoi'ehftor slio had not known peace: but on this happy, day these Briers wore forgotten In the reverie Into which she had fallen, \yheroln was depicted In glowing colours the realisation of a maiden's sweetest. hope's; ' . ,'/ Bernard Maubray entered the room while she was thus engaged, and so absorbed was ohe that she was: not' aware of his presence. Ho, stood' regarding lier with a tender smile, (divining her thoughts, and sympathetically recalling the time when he himself Indulged In dreams such as- this dear child of his heart was dreaming. Ills love for Vnlerle's mother and for'Gabrlelle had not faded from his me mory, but had merged itself into love for the 'one being of his blood who was left to him — a love as absorbing as thnt which the girl enter-, tallied for Maurice. "T1 I s did I once dre.'m," he thought. "May she be spared the shadows which fell upon my life!" Presently he laid his hand upon hir shoulder, anil she opened her eyes and blushed! but she did not lay the flowers aside. He had come from his studio hi the Ruined Tower, where, with Frlda for 'model, ho had been engaged since breakfast on bis riew picture of Undine. His first m ords were of Frlda. "I have given her an hour's rest." he said. "If we overt I re our models something is lost which it Is hard to regain. Frlda Is a trea sure; her capacity for expression is extraor dinary. These outwardly placid persons have strong hidden currents In them which oppor tunity brings 10 the surface." "Then.ym: rave done well this morning?" said Ve'-Jrte, slipping her hand Into his as he 1 tcio> his ze'at at lier side. "fn)en the artist ever do well?" he rejoined. "Is he ever satisfied? He dreams of an Ideal, and paints It In fairy colours; he muses, he exults, he stands before his canvas and com mences with fervour. To the world, he says under his breath, 'i will show you a great work,' and to-day, ,wheri he examines the la- hours of yesterday, he.doubts, he trembles, he sits In .scoi'i'il'ul Judgment- oh his masterpiecd, which lib finds, after all, .but a bungling piece of work, \ Well -l'or liljn that his, :vaih-;'noast„ was riot' heard;'.' "' "V" ' ; "But' it. Is always so'.Vvith-the arai;".v8aldlt Valeric', . kissing Aisjhand;;;h,vv',,V. '-;l ' "Yes, ;,it is .ulways rEo 'f<-ith" him. .Th'e.;per-V formance-never realises' tHe'di'eaiK: TfiSh-is ho haunted by mocking ghosts; thoii-is he tor tured by feht'S of -failure; ,' Down fromtthe,'- helghts he .topples In. his Own. .esteem,.;. and; finds himself- hut-commori-clay.";lt"is:nie"3ust'V fate of the pigmy who in a, fine frenzy.ibellfev- !. ed hlftisolf a giant.'.'. . - 1 : 1 "Maurice-" sAys-'. ihat1- Is :the'r! true' rirtlstlbi selves" " ar eompetent t<r jtfljge :;ciui- Are-we -i--t. Indeed ?" he said. iiffeciiuViiive-' ly. _ So Maurice has been luring "y„-u' into 1 tonvoi'sniions' upon art for the purpose ot" airing Ills Tl-ws; -It is alwnys what, Maurice says— Maur/ce the Invincible, the infallible, a'ho issues .his ultimatum - and dares us to' queptlor. it. Pray who constituted hlni the : Judge? What credentials has he? In what' school. has he learned to correctly, gauge - the 1 artistic sense, the artistic performance?- Howl easy It is to he a critic! Boys fresh , from uchcol oresume to mar or make reputations, i) resume to say, 'Well, done,' or stroking their , beardless chins suggest improvements in i shadow and, outline. .That Is the world. as It Is; to-day. I w«b not aware , that Maurice was a painter, .Valerie." ; .- , . ,.,.y "V-" - father, -lie ,1s, - not a-palpter, hutr— " - ; i "I will have no ;buts.' Do you not-scn thati, I .am terribly In earnest? ,1s .this great critic, 'i u painter?". . . '(No," father;!'. ' ... , 'T thought as much. What is he,'. then?" ! "He is— " . "He' is— — he is Maurice," she said with a smile. - . - "Now, whoie shall I find an argument to" mc-et -that- lucid description of Maurlc8?'7lt-ls ; unanswerable — eh?" I-Ie took the botiauet from her, hnnd. 1 "He sent you these flowers-- - 1' see- the snake in the grass— his 'card— and : On' It, 'From Maurice,' Is there --magic1 'In these, simple woyds? . 'From .Maurtcel' ' Ah, well, I ihust confess, I suppose. ,;I ha<l a ' letter from Maurice this morning, nnd;I.'won- dcred at his reason for writing to me."- She looked' up shyly, lovingly, sm(llnglyl.. ."Trgi-i tor! '-You knew he had- written?" ' "Yes.";: -' . "1-Ie Wishes , to speak to me upon a ihatter which he declares- Is .vital. . Valerie, assist me; we will enter Into a. conspiracy to- defeat., him. ' What- is this vital .matter he wishes to discuss?". "Father!" . . N - , - "Yes, child." i.: ' . "What will, you say. to Maurice?"." "What would- you' wish me to sny/io him? I a'm open to reason,' Valerie." ' She put her arms round his neck, 'and-hld lier face on hls b'reast. ' "Which means that I must receive' -him ('ouvtsously. I promise that. It Is his ,dUe— I acknowledge it. He is a man- of honciur.' of ; . good family,, an honest, earnest gentleman. . What more can a father desire when' , the : happiness of a dear child Is at stake? Is. that, Indeed, »o Valerie?" ' ' ; "Yes, father." ' " . .. ' ' You live him?" ' "Devotedly. I -would die for him', and he' forme!" ' "Yet I am bound to consider that heAcomes to rob me of a treasure more, preclouqf o me than life Itself. What can I do to.'protOct myself? Forbid him to the house? Set spits - upon the public road to- warn me of his. ap proach?" She smiled'; having no fear; it was sweet to' listen to this pretence of disapproval, know ing, as she did, that there wns no sacrifice he was not ready to make to ensure her happi ness. "These imperious lovers," he continu ed. "after Insidiously underlining the strong hold, present themselves as conquerors. Alex ander himself could not bp more commanding. 'So confident ore they that they do not even draw their.swords. but, rushing upon, you, cry. 'Victory,' arid order you to surrender. And we do It.. What other course Is open to us rvhen the dear traitor In .our house has stolen ' mir arms, and opened tlie gates to the inva der?" His assumption of. light humour, under, which he sought to conceal hls emotlon. falled him here, and he folded Valerie in'.' his arms. I . . "You will , not lose me, father. .You 'will pain another child. Maurice has no parents, and he loves and honours you. I should not be your daughter if 'I proved nrigra'tefullfor all;, your goodness to me. We have hidden noth ing from you, I' think y.ou must have seen — " . "'Yes. I have seen, and I ' am afraid- en couraged. What, does . your aunt say of ,' Monrlce?" "Slie holds him in the highest esteem." \- ."And so do I. I, have studied hlin. and I helleve-hlm to be a good man. II-di'd not I would not glvg you to him'. Dear child, be .hnppy." He embraced her tenderly, and left; her. io meet Maurice Godefroy, whom he saw. crossing the lawn. ' ;;. . " , ' . (to br ons'TTxnnn. i - 