SPIRITUALISM. To tho Editor of "Tho Herald." Sir,— with your kind permission I would like to say a few words to tho three writers who wrotu on tbls subject In last Monday's "llcrnld." 1 6oe they all fall Into the same error of referring to their opponent personally and forget all about tho subject matter In dis- pute. fhey do pot give a elhgle sentence In proof of their views. As to what Spiritism is, or what machinery and chemicals aro required lo develop a spirit, whether It ran bn photo graphed when seen, or, In' fact, any details at all. If they have a strong belief In this mat ter, they ought to bo ablo to glvo reasons why. .Mr Taylor said. In onn or his letters,' that be culled up a spirit 'intelligence who could tell biui overythlug; another writer naid ho vailed up the ghost of the late Dr Brancy. I would Uko to bo Informed how tbls was dour, und what machinery was employed, so that I could practice tbls great art myself. I wonder It any of tkcro Spiritualists have tried any experi ments to And out what the energy really Is that they amuse themselves with at tbctr stances. Berlin pa. when scientifically examined. It may be found to be that form of energy wo kco developed when we stroke a cat's back In U10 dark— that Is, tbo electricity from tho body. I would llkn to see a man, wet) trained iu electricity, nnd armed with nn electro mag net and buttery, and two or thrw met: of the stamp of ITofcssor Kcrnot attend one of these ieiuices, and I feci sure they would throw a great deal of light on the subject. I would, thorfeore, ask these gentlemen who hare written on this matter to experiment and reason ntep by step In a scientific manner, ami not Jump at their conclusions that angelx, Gptrite, or devils are at thu bottom of it. To gel at triub, or even an approximation of it, we must first experiment where that Is possible, and tbcQ reason tbo nutter iut to tho fullest extent. Does it not seem strango (but spirits ran bo made to perform such clownish tricks as moving chairs and tables, and be scut here and there at tho word uf man (litre slaves), and for no useful purpose? If rplrlts can be made of any usu to mankind, then 1 ray tell them to discover the murderers of the .uurp-'r family, and that of the woman In the box. No greater benefit could be canfVrrcd on humanity than tbhi, on U would bring villains to punish ment, and deter oil future criminals when they know that a spirit detective could be called up, and from which ihoro could be no ' " J. 6LVCPHERSON. 