llie Pope J3& st. Peter's. IMPOSING AND PATHETIC CEREMONY. 'In the Cathedral of St. Peter's at Rome was recently celebrated the 21st anniversary of the coronation of Pope L1 o XIII., and the circumstance that the Pope, of whose health such re peatedly grave reports have been made, had announced his determination, not withstanding the advice of his physician, to oe present, gave to the occasion the unique character of popular eager ness and enthusiasm. Some say 50,000 certainly 40,000 - persons were attracted to the Cathedral. So great was the gathering in the great church, and so intense the heat, thafc the women and children fainted. All accounts agree that the Pope, deeply touched by the demon stration of popular reverence, looked extremely feeble and 'transparently' entrance of His Holiness into the noble fane, says it rang with shouts of ' Evviva i Papa' from thousands of throats, while seated on the medieval sedia gestatoria, preceded by the golden cross ana ronowea oy tne iiaDein, tne rope was borne slowly into the magnificent building. Another correspondent says, ' Like a ghost,' many whispered, when the face, overshadowed by the glittering triple crown, became discernible, with the dark eyes peering from thuir deep sockets. The hands trembled visibly, and a sad smile played round his color less lips. Holbein might have painted him as the personification of the vanity of human splendor. He was unable to walk ^without help, and his voice was extremely weak and scarcplv audible. He triprl to raise himself, but fell back, aud pro nounced the benediction in a recumbent position. A loud cry, like the bursting of a storm, broke from the multitude, and the Pope, stretching out his hand in benediction, was carried out of St: Peter's. The correspondent records this affecting remark of the Pope at the conclusion of the service :— ' Ah ! how weak I feel ! I wonder if this will go down to history as my last appearance in St. Peters !' 'Having fought my best for five days in the week, I like to see other people fighung on the Saturday,' said the leader of the House of Commdns on Saturday at the conclusion of the great football match at thf Crystal Palace, London, and certainly Mr Balfour, v\ith Lord Rosebery and his two sons, Lord Kinnaird, Mr Cecil Rhodes, and some 80,000 other people, witnessed a great struggle for the coveted Association Cup. At the close Sheffield United, with four goals against the one scored by Derby County, came within the pavi lion to receive the cup at the hands of the First Lord of the Trea sury. The teams, mud-bespattered and still ' hot from the fray,' stood in a group, and Mr Balfour having presented the winning team the Challenge Cup, Lord Rosebery said — I have leen asked to move a vote of thanks to Mr Balfour for coming here on this occasion and giving the prizes to the winners in such felicitous terms. I am sure that we all feel that it is no ?alight sacrifice the leader of the House of- Commons makes in giving up his Saturday half holiday, so hardly earned, to cojie and perform this duty. (Cheers and cries of 'Good old Balfour.') But it has had its compensation, and I am inclined to think that Mr Bal four will go back to Downing Street with a feeling that the final Association strufferle at football is a morfi pxo.itine' scene than the House of Commons when you have too large a majority behind you to make the sport very exciting. (JLoud laughter.) We are glad to see one in bis position associating himself with this splendid game — (applause) — and I think while we congratulate Shef field on its magnificeni victory — (renewed applause) — we may yet spare a corner of our hearts for sympathy for Derby. (Cheers.) More especially may we tender our sympathy to their admirable goal keeper who so often saved the' struggle -when it seemed to be lost. Without further words I will ask you to give a hearty vote of thanks to Mr Balfour. So enthusiastically was *;he resolution accepted without further remark that the hundreds who crowded the pavilion were singing, ?' For he's a jolly good fellow,' before Lord Kinnaird had time to say a word in seconding the motion. But Mr Balfour did not let the crowd disperse without saying this in reply : — Ladies and gentlemen, — One word of thanks for the manner in which you have received the resolution pro posed by Lord Rosebery. I can assure you that no better way of spending a Saturday afternoon can well be imagined than that which we have enjoyed. For my part I am of so essentially a peace loving character— (laughter) — that after having fought my best for five days in the week I like to see other people fighting on the Saturday. (Laughter and cheers.) robbery on the Boulder-road, reproduced in this week's edition of the Kalgoorlie Western Argus, will enable readers who are unacquainted personally with the locality to realise the daring nature of the crime. The view has been taken from a spot looking towards Kalgoorlie, and numbers on the block indicate the position of the principal features of the affair. * An account in this week's Western Argus of the recent underground develop ments in the Lake View Consols, by the mining fditor, should be particularly in teresting to all holders of scrip in that mine.* 