THE WOODS' GHOST. Possibly General Fawncliffo wa3 ec Jentrio because lie could not help it. but it is more probable that lio did things in a manner entirely different from anybody else because he wan tod to be odd and wanted to make a sensa tion. He was a wealthy man, and there fore bo could do very nearly a3 he liked. He was haughty, overbearing and irritable. I always thought that if ho had been the czar of Russia or the Bhah of Persia ho would liavo played his role very well. Ho had built a fine house on the banks of tho Delaware, and at tho verge of the Block woods, of which ho was the owner. He was not more than 45 years old and appear ed to be entirely alone J,o the world; at any rate, no ono in JBIockville ever heard that he had any relations. „ i At the time of which I write I was a young fellow of 10, of 110 sort of conse quence whatever, and my name was, bnt is not now, Pardon- Sashwood, though mother and everybody elso call ed me Pardy. My mother was a dress maker in the town and did a big busi ness. She never said anything about my father, and I did not know anything about him, and I concluded that ho had been hanged, or otherwise nipped in the bud, and I did not press my inquiries in regard to him. I was a regular resi dent in Block Hall, as General Fawn cliffe called his elegant mansion, and my first duty is to explain how I hap pened to be a dweller beneath its princely roof. I was very fond of fish I ing, and my mother was very fond of eating fish, for I caught very nice ones in the river. One day I sat upon a rock that projected out into the stream just below the general's mansion. Above me was a Bandy beach, and while I Bat fchero the general drove down upon it in his buggy, with a high spirited horse. I wondered what he was doing there with such a turnout. The horse was full of spirit, and the choleric driver seemed to bo well sup plied with spirits, though of the arti ficial sort. The animal pranced and capered on the sand, and did not ap pear to have learned that his master was as impatient as be was eccentric. The horse had a way of his own, and so had the general, and as the two ways did not run in the same direction it created an unpleasantness between them. At last the driver used his whip without the exercise of much discretion, and tho brute manifested himself in a very decided manner. Then I decided that he was trying to drive the horse into the water, where he was unwilling to go. But the general got the best of it in the end and drove tho obstinate t creature straight into the river, aa though be intended to cross to the other side. Jn a few moments tho animal had to swim, but he struck out brave ly, the general applying the lash all the time; in fact, he seemed to be whip ping him for his own satisfaction, now that the brute had yielded the point. In another moment the boggy, which appeared to be floating, suddenly top pled over and spilled the occupant into tho drink.- He lost his hold upon it, and then I saw that he could not swim. Tho horse took a circle around the spot and swam leisurely to the shore, dragging the buggy after him. Just below tho rock on which I was seated was a bateau, and I lost no time in rushing to it. I had aomo skill in the uso of the paddle, and I soon reached the general, who was floundering about in the water like a grounded .whale. He was a large man, and I saw 'that it would bo impossible to get him into the ' boat. I asked him to take hold of the stern to support himself while I pad dled to the beach. He used expletives and insisted upon getting into the boat. I told him I would leave him to his fate if he did not do as I directed. Th6 threat carried him, and he held on to tbs? boat till his feet touched the bot tom. "I will kill that horse!" he exclaim ed when ho reached tho beach and had recovered his breath. "He is tho ug liest brate I ever drove." "Ho ia not so much of a'brutes you are, general," I replied. "Yon acted like a heathen when you whipped him, and I had half'a mind to Ittyor j drown." I Ho looked at me in astonishment. } Perhaps he thought I had earned the right to speak my mind, but whether I had or not I expressed myself as plainly as though I had been the gen eral and ho had been Pardy Sashwood. Doubtless it was a now thing for nuv ono to "speak up" to him. "Boy, I want you to come and live with mo," ho said, and I was amazed then. "I won't do it," I replied. "I would cot livo under the same roof with such a porcupine as you aro for ell your money." Ho actually teased me, and ho ex pressed his obligations tome very hand somely, bnt I stuck to my text. I help ed him right his buggy, now ta'at the horse had cooled off, and ho insisted on driving me home, which I permitted him to do. My mother saw me when I got out of the buggy. The general told mo. to think of his offer and come to his house if 1 decided to accept it. My mother, after she had heard all about the affair in the river, insisted that I should accept tho offer. I argued against it for a long lime, bnt I finally yielded to her wishes. The next day 1 bc-longed to tho general's household, and Mrs. Cashley gave ma a hearty wel come. General Fawncliffo treated me wHh i degree of consideration accorded tc jio other prvr,o:i. liu-lped him «twr his accounts and payers, ihtmgh 1 w....v permitted to' attend. tho acadcnn-. I really camo to like him after awhile., and I know that I improved liis maii ners and morals to some extent. His narrow escape from drowning had strongly impressed him, I discovered. He was a victim to that malady of sed entary and lazy people, insomnia. He had been in the habit of drinking more whisky than was good for him as a remedy. He told mo he could not sleep until he had drank at least six glasses. I reasoned with him, talking flatly and plainly, as I always did. I asked liim ro stop it and walk one or two hours In tho Block woods after 0 in tho even ing. He tried it with good results, and after that called me doctor. After he had practiced this walking for a couple of weeks, he told mo he had seen a ghost in the woods thrco successive nights. I laughed at him and asked him if he had been drinking whisky again, but he assured me he had not. The nest night 1 watched myself ! In tho grove. Suro enough, 1 saw a figure in white, though 1 did not be-. Heve it was a spirit from tho other world. I saw that the figure tried to approach tho general, bnt from fear, or Bomo other inotivo, he kept his distance from it. I had a revolver, and with this in my hand, though it was not loaded, I went with the general to tho woods ono bright moonlight night. Tho ghost came as usual, and the general was in-g clined to retreat. So was the figure g when I showed myself. But I pursued 2 it. I held up my revolver and threat-1 ened to fire if the ghost did not halt. "No, Pardyl Don't fire! I am your mother,'' screamed the ghost, not know ing that tho weapon was not loaded. Sho halted, and 1 went up to her, the general following me when assured that the figure was not a supernatural one. She was dressed in white, as sho was usually in summer, and I wondered if ' she was troubled with insomnia. "Pardy, General Fawncliffo is your father and my husband!'" exclaimed my mother when the general had come up with us. "Emily!" ho exclaimed, "I wonder ed whero Pardy got all his impudence, for I thought ho could have inherited it only from me." j Wo had a long talk in tho moonlight. 1 knew that my mother had come from California, but her former homo was ono of the things of which she seldom Bpoke. The general acknowledged her as his wife before me. They disagreed and had separated. For tho sako of her son sho had followed him, hoping that years had softened his temper. Sho did not caro to call upon him at his house, but when I became on such excellent terms with him she had decided to meet him in the woods, where I had told her that he walked every night. He had fled from her, but sho persevered till I brought matters to a head. My mother i3 now the mistress of Block Hall, and I still have to do a great deal of plain speaking. Philadelphia Press. —Oliver Optic in 