HOOLAN v. REID. Labour in Politics. Address ity Ir. J. P. Hoolan, M.L.A. [?] Condemnation of Trades Hall Party. What was announced by advertisement as ftn entertainment by Mr. J. P. Hoolan, M.L. A., took place last evening iu the Cen tennial Hall. The efforts which had been made to secure a large attendance met with fair success, and the financial return must . have been substantial. The hall was nearly full whon the time announced for the commencement of the proceedings ar rived. Among the audience were to be seen many well known Parlia mentarians and others, among them being the Hon. R. Philp (Treasurer and Minister for Mines), the Hon. W. H. Wilson, M.L.C. (Postmaster-General and Minister for Justice), tho Hon. John Murray (Minister for Public Works and Railways), Hon. D. H. . Dnlrymplo (Minister for Public Instruction), Messrs. T. Macdonald-Paterson, It. Fraser, J. M'Master, T. Fiimey, R. II. Smith, J. M. Cross, Robort King, I. Lissnor, and W. H. B. O'Connell, ' MM.L.A., tho Hon. J. C. Smyth, M.L.C., the Mayor of Brisbane, Messrs. L. 0. Lukin, L. E. Groom, A. S. ' Lilley, C. Lumloy Hill, P. B. Macgregor, John A. Clark, VV. Begg, E. J. Stevens, J. D. Campbell, T. A. Ryan, J. Mucdonold, T. Welsbv, G. H. Blocksidgc. A few ladies, including tho Mayoress, Mrs. Muodonald- Patorson. Mrs. John Murray, Mrs. T. Glassey, Mrs. J. D. Campbell, wore present. The proceedings were commenced by Mr. Robert Kayo contributing as a pianoforte solo a fantasia on popular airs, after which Mr. C. J. Bortger sang "The Soldiers of the Queen." This was loudly applauded aud an encore insisted on, the singer giving another "verse. Mr. George Baities then caused much amusement by bis singing of a comic topical song, entitled "TheLubour Party," in which tho present chaotic condition of the party in question was humorously described. Mr. Hoolan then appeared and was received with loud and prolonged applause, though a discordant element was also noticeable. One would-bo facetious individual jumped up aud queried in a loud tone, "Is this the gentle man who is going to take the chair or is this Mr. John Plumper Hoolan?" The same person continued to make a distur bance, thus preventing Mr. Hoolan from being heard. Amid cries of "Sit down" and "Turn him out" ho was eventually silenced — at least for a time. ' Mr. Hoolan soothingly remarked, " Don't lot the gentleman get excited. There is no necessity for putting him out." But tho soft answer in this case did not turn away wrath, for tho individual in question again appeared upset, and called out, "I'll go if you give me my > bob back. You are afraid of bearing an ex pression of opinion." Mr. Hoolan : Do not got excited, my friend. Ladies and gentlemen, I hope you are being entertained. I am sure you will bo cheaply entertained, considering the market value of amusemcuts at the present time, but I did not know that that item was on tho pro gramme. Well, if it pleases you, it is all right. Ladies and gentlemen,— -I hope that there will bo 210 fear at the sight of this literature (holding up volumes of "IIausard"aud the ... IForAei'). They are only bibles. Parliament House and the Trades Hall. They are both sacred iu their own names for tclliug lies always and the truth sometimes. (Laughter.) This is tho sacred Koran (holding up a copy of the Wor/cer), and there are very mauy subjects that I might appear before you in to-night, and which would probably givo you a groat deal of interest, and a great deal of pleasure, but they are not on the programme, and I under stand you camo here by advertisement aud public announcements, and that you expect to boar a lecture as set forth in those advertisements aud those announcements. Well, I can givo it. It is a painful and at the same time a pleasing subject, if tho English language cau he coupled in that way. It is particularly paiuful to me to have to speak in probably contemptuous terms of some of my former friends ; but it is all in the game of life. It is very pleasing to me ; at the same time it is painful for me to do it, because I do it against my former friends ; but it is pleasing because I have to uphold my reputation — (hear, hear) — and as I have received scurvy treatinont at their bunds, anything I say in defence is per fectly justilicd. (Loud applause.) One would think it were unnecessary to intro duce into a cultured audience suoh a place as the Trades Hall of Brisbane. So, to speak of the persons who run that institution, it is highly necessary in the in terests of the country, it is doubly necessary in the iuteresta of those misguided persons themselves, the Trades Hall people, and it is trebly necessary in tho interests of tho 8,000 porsons who stand behind them and whom tliey misguide every hour and day of their lives. (Hear, hear, and ironical laughter.) It is not necessary to go into the history of this insti tution, suffice it to say, it was founded on trades union principles, but like many other institutions/ the principle lias died, and it has fallen into the hands of a number of persons who are not mechanics, but they still retain their title and carry on tho business. These say thoy are the Trades Hull people. Tho people have fallen awuj\ Thoy call themselves tlio A.L.F., but there is not a decent mechanic among thorn. Thoro is not a decent labourer in their ranks, all of such keep away from the Trades Hall, except those who run the institution. (Hear, hear.) It would be unnecessary indeed to in troduce at this particular period of our history, and almost on the eve of a general election, anything concerning tho past history of this business. I ask do they not interfere at the present time in the political lifo of tho colony of Queensland, and if they do not now stand- with the most determined and in solent interference by trying to grip politicians by the throat, and so manacle tho political institutions of the country ? — (hear, hear) — by trying to muuHolo them and lcgiton them, and I know this hccauso I am ono of those on whom they lmvo tried to put political manuolos, to legiron so to speak, and to bind me down by their own peculiar principles, and thoir useless and uttorlyiueomprehensible ways, for incomprehensible they are, at the present. (Hear, hear.) It is as I have said, both painful and pleasant, and I will try to mingle both together. The A.L.F. stands forth as a baud of political reformers. (Hear, hear.) I contend they are no suoh thing, and that thoro is not a real political reformer amongst them. (Hoar, hear.) All tho political reform thoy huve doue up to tho present is to bring about endless disturbances, to build up endless rivalries and create interminable lawsuits, aud now at the present day with two or three good rows, an embezzlement, and a mortgage ou baud and on the property, they are waiting for moro funds to give them as many as they want. I lmvo a full programme on hand. (Hear, hear.) Tho first fundamental prinoiploof reform thatis wanted 111 this colony, nccordhigtofcholeadursoftradcsuiiionBiu Great Britain and elsewhere, is a reform in the drinking truffle. (Applause.) Every person who lias travelled through these colonies, aoine highly educated, and travelled iti the cause of trado unionism, all of these unhesitatingly prcuoli tho doctrine of tem perance. Mr. Tillott, whon ho was We amongst his disciples and reformers, cnjoiued, adjured them, and triod to press : upon them in every way, the necessity to alwuys fight against tho driiik traffic. Did they do it? (A voioo: "Of course.") X admit they do it in their own persous. (A voice : " That is good enough.") That isa very good thing indeed to keop sober thomselves but they do that for themselves. (Applaiiso.) They koep sober thomselves, for tho simple reason, beoauso they have to, becauso , it seems' to suit themselves, and not for an example to other persons. They try to make people believe that that is so. Thoy keep politically sober for tho political billots. Their billets would bo so precarious, if they gave way to drink, that thoy would not be worth an hour's pay. (Hear, hoar.) I have watched for many years now far those persons thoy call the bush unions curry out the principle of temperauco. I have watched it carofully for years in its priuoipal aspect, and I have failed to soo any way they have urged it, and now I fiud to my astonishment that they have gone right into the drink traffic, and I will show you how. (Applause.) O11 the front page of this paper ( JForker), the sacred Korau, you will notice a figure of a maiden with a lighted torch in her . hand. That is supposod to re present nil that is good, and all that follow that torch will go from darkness into light, from the ways of tho benighted to the ways of truth aud tho just. It is the symbol of all that is good withiu them. But whut do wo find in tho bible of reform ? "We find that in this very month of January, in the beginning of the new year, tho Worker newspaper discards creditable persons in tho State, that it tries to force its members to sign a paper, and tries in its methods — only known to tho vile — to under- mitio and destroy the reputation of persons who aro better in every respect than those who run this publication. Wo find that it is allied with no less than 70 public-houses in this colony. (Applause.) The W01 kc.r news paper is no.w whut may bo termed a guide for the ignorant. Instead of being a guido to tho country, to assist them in what to do from day to day. to instruct tliem how to behave, they open the back doors and invite them into tho public- houses. Thcv would find 7G adver tisements for publicans instead of any recom mendations to the working class that might encourage settlement 011 the land as a means of providiug homes for their wives ; it is simply allied with the licensed victuallers. (Hear, hear.) I am grieved to see that within the last fow weeks the poisons who represent and publish it have offered the political support of the labour party in Bris bane to the keeper of a public-house. If that is tlio result of labour in politics ; if that is all you have been working for these many years, then I say it is time that heaven interfered in some way with labour in politics, or I nm afraid tho devil will get hold of both. This business. I may tell you, is of my own seeking. No one urges me to do this. No one has the power nor tho influence to urge mo to do it, but I take this opportunity to retaliate in Brisbane as far as I can upon tho miseries of the Trades Hall, who have done so much to discredit me in the past. It may ho thought that because Mr. Thomas Fiuncy is member for Toowong, and that Mr. Alat Reid is the person who is opposing him— Mat Reid who is acting as political scavenger to the Trades Hall, and who is still scavenging — that I try to do tliia to injure him. J. certainly would do this to in jure him, and will try all I can to injure him, but will do it iu an open and honourable way. (A voice : "You have got 110 hope.") It really is not necessary for me to attempt to injure Mat Roid in Toowong. When you come to balanco the two — Mr. Fiuuey of Toowong aud Mr. Mat Reid of Toowong, tho mind of any intelli gent individual must bo balanced in favour of Mr. Finney. (A voice: "How much did ho pay you ?") What has Mat Reid done for tlio cause of labour, and what have I done for it, and I have tried as hard to do some good as ever Mr. Mat Reid has done. (A voice: "He is a man.") I daresay hois a man, no one over said ho was not. I never had any idea that ho was an old woman. (Laughter and (dicers.) What I say is, and I will ask all sensiblo people to put it to the test, that Mr. Thomas Finney has done more in the cause of labour since ho set up in Brisbuno than the whole of the labour party put together. (Hear, hear.) I do not want to inakn these statements, hut when a misery like Mr. Mat Reid chooses to put himself forward as a scavenger, and travels through tho country trying to injure me. it is only fair that I should lmvo' tho opportuuity of speaking up for myself. I say that the efforts of the whole labour party have not been of as much good as the eft'ortfl of Tom Fiuney — (applauso) — during tho years he has been established in Brisbane. What do you think is going to come to this couutry if such men as Mr. Finney are to be rejected in favour of men like Mat Reid? What have the Trades Hall people ever gained, and what are they ever likely to gain as compared with a man such as Mr. Finuey who, in the most laudable way, had built up a business which had been the means of employing u largo number of people? What have tbe Trades Hall people done iu comparison? Let us search in tho sacred Koran which issues from the chapel of labour, where the high priests sit and deliver the gospel. (Laughter.) But we shall search in vain. They have done nothing. As against this I ask you to consider what has been the gain to the working classes through tho efforts of Mr. Finney on behalf of the half-holiday and early closing movements. (Applause.) If wo can show anything in which labour has gained by reason of our offorts, I would be only too glad ; but wo cannot show one iota. When I was, to my sorrow, con nected with the Trades Hall, and long before I ever saw Mr. Finney's face, I recognised tbe good he had done for tbe people, aud I objected to his name being treated with dis respect by the people of the Trades Hall. (A. voice: " Can't he speak for himself?") Of course he cun speak for himself, but I intend to speak for him too, as I would for any man who so woll deserved it. (Applause.) I say Mr. Finney's consistent work in the interests of labour is worthy of tlio honour of everyone. It is a shining example and I am glad to bo ablo to say it here 011 tho public platform. (A voice: " Whon aro yon going to start your speech ? ") Now, I ask you— how can people bo taken seriously who like the A.L.F. , attempt to undertake tho control of tho destinios of this country from end to end — (hoar, hoar ! and laughter) — when thoy cannot point to any one thing thoy liavo undertaken in which they have met with the slightestincasureofsuocess ? Duringthe wholo nino years they havo been in existence they ouimot point to ono thing in which thoy havo gained any moasuro of success. (A voice : "Thoy have kept you in your seat.") I may say I got on my feet without them, and can keep 011 my foot without uny assistance from thorn. (Applause.) Bur. instead of assisting me thoy are trying all tlicy can to knock me off, and their blathering idiot, Mat. Reid, is ; running all over the country, downiug this man and flattening everything, while tho Paddiugton crowd are kcoping matters warm for him. ' (Applause, and a voice: "He'll wijio tho floor with you, anyhow.") Lot him do it. Iu roality, however, while ho is run ning about like a blathering fool, ho is being quietly tuinblod himself. (Laughter.) I tell you that you had bottor look aftor Toowong, for I am going back to tho house of jaw (hear, hoar)— und thcro is ho man I desire to meet thcro moro . than Mr. Mat Roid, with his long jaw aud blathoring tongue, whero thoro is no push to barrack for either. Theso people talk about socialism, and all I can say is that there is nothing for them to do but to come out and try it, but these people who aspiro to capture every industry and to run tho whole country thom selves, cannot cvou manago to run tlio wretched eoucern in which they take shelter from day to day— tho Trades Hall. (Laughter.) Many years ago, when the Trades Hall woro respectable, tho Govern ment grautod them a valuablo piece of land. Now wo want to soo tho business praotice of theso Trades Hall people— to examine thoir husinoss habits and to look at them from various points of view and iu various lights . to see what thoy aro worth. As far as I am couoorncd it long ami dawned upou mo that thoy havo hud no business methods and no business ability at all. I told them long ago that they 'lmd not enough business tact to manago a goat house. (Laughter.) Well, anyway, the Government gave them this piece of lund— very - wisely. Aftor a while troublous times came, and tho business which theso vory busiuess-liko persons took iu hand failed. The fowoldbrioksandmortar thuthung togcthor proved nothing but a mouument of horror aud of incompotcuce — a thing to be jocrod at, aud to remain as an object lesson to all. The Trades Hull people then got tho assistance of Mr. Drake aud Mr. Charles Powers to get uu enabling bill through Parlia ment so that thoy might bo ublo to finish thoir splendid building. They con trived to get tho bill pussed so that thoy might mortgage tho land and so that the. high, priests, .Mat Roid . or Sey mour, when thoy wont to offer up thoir prayers, might do so with a suug mortgage over their heads. (Laughter,) I will now read an extract ffrom the parliamentary bible (tho "Hansard"), a book which never lies, and which is held in great roverence. In 18911 Mr. Mat Roid, the man who was running all over tho couutry und cutting political throats, tho man who said recently, " I havo cut tho political throat of John Plumper Hoolnti, und now I am going to Clermont to cut the political throat of John Michael Cross." Now if Mr. Mat Reid will tuko my advice, ho will stop at homo and flio. off the fetters from his own political ankles. In 1893 Mat Reid crawled to Sir Thomas M 'II wraith to bog him not to oppose the enabling bill — ho crawled, so to speak, to boodlcdum, so that thoy could get tno bill through and get tho £2,700 on their mortgage. Now, persona who choose to locture others, either publioly or pri vately, ought at any rate to be free from blot themselves. (Hear, hear.) "Well, during the passage of tho euubling bill through Parliameut, in 1893, Mr. Mat Reid used these words, "Tho unions aro the pro prietors, and the delegates aro tho agents to look aftor the business." He stated that the money, the £2,768 15s. 6d.— I do not know what the sixpence is for, but I sup pose it is necessary in the ease of a trades union — (laughter) — that that sum was "a debt due to trio unions which have lent the money unconditionally to the board of management, und it will be repaid with interest added when all other debts have been paid off." (Laughter.) Who would believe that those words hud been used if it were not that it is shown in tbe parliamentary volume which never lies that tney wore actually uttered by this political cut- throat ; hut I unhesitatingly say that it is true, because I was his leader at the time. I say it was only a piece of political bamboozle. Tho unions did not give the money at all, but it. was given by one of tho mortgage companies in the city — and it 'remains there to- day. Mr. Mat Reid when he used those words made a statement which was either wilfully deceptive or else he did not know what he was talking about. Tho Trades Hall was nothing but adisgracefulnham, and there is not a decent workman's money there. (A voice : ".It's a lie.") Tho unions who had supported it had left, and the last of . them hud left it heavily in debt. How the interest on tho mortgage is being paid is a matter of mystery, but I suppose it is being paid or the mortga gees would havo taken it over. Quite recently they had paid off £500 of tho amuunt of the mortgage, but the Trades Hall people have not had the temerity to tell us whero thatmonoy came from. "Well, I'll toll you where it came from. They got it from tho Govern ment. (Loud laughter.) Whore should any £500 bo got to pay off n mortgage but from the Government? They got it, and it was this way. The Trades Hull is supposed to be 011 a tunnel, and the tunnel is supposed to be under the Trades Hall. (Laughter.) It is a great pity tho Trades Hall is not in the tunnel — (laughter) — aud that there is not a bnck and a side en trance, and an escape valve for superfluous gas. (Loud laughter.) Well, they got this £500 from tho Government because tliey were supposed to have propped up this tunnel, and that, is tho only smart piece of business I have ever known them to do. (Laughter.) These people who want to control the ineatworks, and to control the land, and to control the whole of the peoplo of the colony — who want to regulate what everyone should eat and what everyono should drink, and how long they should work, and what money they should receive — thono people ne gotiated this £500 from the Government on the strength of a £50 pill — that is to say they spent £50 011 mortar and got £500 for it. Now, my plan is to turn the Trades Hall into a market hall. It is worth a pound or two that they bo got rid of. The unions are all out west, and why do not these people go out and follow them ? The unions control the labour party, and if tbe labour party control tho Govern ment, we should all beeontrolledby tho Trades Hall. It is said that the campers-out who "doss" in the Sydney Domaiu control the Active Service Brigade, aud that tho Active Service Brigade coutrols the labour party, that the labour party controls Mr. G. H. Reid, who in turn controls the Govern ment—so that in reality it is the domain dossers who control the Government. Now lot us look for a moment at tho finances of the Trades Hall. The annual revenue of this controlling body is something over £3,000. Let us look how this is spent. I will not go into the disbursements for kero- siue, stationery, telegrams, aud the liko. We find that Curtis, of Hughenden, gets £200 a year and travelling expousoa ; Kewley, of Longrcach, gets £200, and E. T. Brennan,late of Charleville, gets £200, all ' with travelling expenses on 'a liberal scale. (Laughter.) Then we find that Mat Reid, the political cut- throat, gets £200, with travelling expenses — he's not doing too bad — it's just as goodjas being member for Toowong if it was not for a matter of ambi tion. You see there is 110 necessity for him to buy any tailor made clothes, as ho will have to do if he gets into Parliament — it's just a matter of spending 4s. Gd. for a pair of blucher boots, 3s. Gd. for a pair of moleskins, and sticking .your heels into tlio ribs of au old horse, uud away he goes. Then wo find that Dave Bowman gets £200, Mr. Hinehcliffu gets £300, Seymour £200, and tho great Higgs, their man of brains, formerly got £200, but now, in consequence of tho alliance with the licensed victuallers, liis salary has been raised to the munificent sum of £4 10s. per week. That is the result of the alliance with tho publicans— tho blend ing of grog and literature, swipes and senti ment. (Laughter.) The rest is made up of potty cash, sundries, and office expenditure. Now you will ask where docs the bush- man come in ? — tbo A.W.U. man who sometimes has not a tent to cover him, and whoso sole possessions are a worn-out blanket and an oighteen-penny billy ? Where does the W.P.O. and tne Q.S.S. come iu ? Thoy come in where they ought to come in . They get a ticket — a ticket for soup. (Laughter.) I say it is the duty of tho people to rise up in arms against this dominant and domineering oliquo. (Applause.) These persons who want tho run the wholo country, though they have shown themselves incapable of running their own littlo tin pot show. Theso men who could not got a decent living by their own labour, and can only livo by getting it out of tho sweat of others. Thoy havo abandoned their temperance prin ciples, and thoir sole virfcuo now is their personal sobriety. (A Voice: "That'R a good deal.") Yes, it is a great deal, but it ought to go further. Inatoad of their supporting temperance principles, wo now find that they have tlio advertisements of 75 publio-houses in thoir journal. I say again they are not fit to run anything. I know I myself am not fit— then how can peoplo think that these ignorant and incapable Eersons cau doit? (A voice: "How many otol advertisements have you got in your paper?") Ium not going to submit to having any inanaoles put ou me. I was born in Australia and i havo found it a free country —(applause)— a country of boundless liberty. I have never quarrelled with unyono before in suoh a way that it could not bo patched up —but I at any rate will not submit to the merciless tyrannical wretches who ruu tho Trades Hull. Rather than that I would go out und perish iu tho bush alone, and leave iny bones "unwept, unhouourod, aud un sung." At tbe olose of his address Mr. Hoolan wus accorded loud nnd prolonged applause. It was continued until Mri Hoolan came forward and bowed his aokuowlodgmous. A voico, fromtheaudienconsked Mr. Hoolan why ho did not go to Toowong, whereupon that gontlo- mun replied, "I shall bo in Toowong soon enough. Toowong contains a cemetery, aud you can keop that old walldug ghost there." (Laughter.) Mr. George Bnines then sang an Irish comic number, "Bratinigan," after whioh " Mr. St. Olair " delivered a skit on an ad dress to the electors by tho endorsed labour candidate for Carnarvon, which appeared to highly urauso the audience. Mr. George Baines then gave another topical song wiiich had rcfereuco to tho result of tho forthcoming election in Toowong and tho supposed defeat of Mr. Mat. Reid. Mr. O. J. Bottger brought tho programmo to a olose by singing "The Old Brigade." Mr. Hoolan announced that during tbe mouth political leotures would bo given, aud a low prico of admission ohurgod. Tho lec tures would bo enlivened by illustrations of candidates iu the difforent stages of tho contest. On the return of the Premier business would; . commence in earnest, and as the electors of Brisbane North had kept very quiet so far, he advised them to wake up and not lot tho Trades Hull people take the wind out of their sails. (Ap plause). : The gathering then broke up. 