ANGLICAN SYNOD. BISHOP'S ANNUAL ADDRESS. HOBART, Sunday. The Bishop delivered his annual Synodal address this afternoon in the Cathedral in the presence of a large number of the clergy, synodsmen, lead ing citizens, and ladies. The Bishop said: My Reverend Brethren an~ Brethren of the Laity, We have made a venture this year in asking all members of Synod to meet in Hobart on a Saturday. We have believed that it is good for the clergy, and consequently it is good for their people, to forsake their parishes for one Sunday in the year to be together in Hobart. It checks for one Sunday that constant hurry which is too com mon in our parishes; it refreshes the soul to hear another voice in a church besides one's own; and it gives time for quiet devotion and consultation on debated questions. If the clergy re turn encouraged and refreshed it will have been well worth even closing a few churches for a Sunday. We meet them as men who have all, without exception-laity as well as clergy-par taken of our Easter Communion, and thus have proved ourselves worthy, so far, to legislate for the church in its own parliament. Ere you commence your labours let me put you in posses sion of certain facts in our diocesan life, and then lead you to ponder larger questions which have the greatest pos sible importance for us. The year 1898 has been a heavy strain on the Bishop of this diocese. This was natural. It was necessary to recover lost ground after absence 'in England in 1897. Jour neyings were even more incessant than usual. The West Coast needed atten tion. I went twice to it, and the Arch deacon of Hobart spent a month there. Our affairs prosper in that quarter, and though the Rev. F. G. Copeland leaves Zeehan for a well-earned holi day his place has been worthily filled by the Rev. P. N. Hunter for a year. Queenstown, too, is to be a parish, the first rector being one who has de nied himself much to establish our position in one of our most important centres. Then, also, islands had to be visited; King Island,the lighthouses, the Furneaux Islands, all in one year. 'But it has also been a year of many changes. No less than 18 parishes have had no confirmations, in most in stances because a change of incum bency made it impossible to prepare candidates. Yet, even if I had con firmed in all your parishes, it is certain that the candidates would not have been doubled in comparison with 1896. Experience proves that if you miss a year you lose many; you do not get them twelve months afterwards. With this acquired knowledge you will not be surprised that I earnestly press the yearly confirmation in your parishes, however few the candidates. We thank God for steady work and conspicuous success in the Cathedral Parish under our Dean. We feel for him when we remember his burdens, having even been left to cope with all his duties single-handed for awhile. We welcome back Canon Finnis. We wish the Rev. W. H. Root good success as Rector and Rural Dean of Scottsdale, having earned the true reward of good work done at Oatlands by having a double burden placed upon him. We deplore deeply the sudden death of the Rev. A. Dallas when it seemed likely that he would make a distinct mark upon Richmond by his earnestness and ability. We note that the Rev. J. W. H. L'Oste and his noble wife have at length retired to well-earned rest,after leaving behind them a good name and a monument of their generous liberal ity in the beautiful church at St. Mary's. Longford has a new rector, and Deloraine expects a young clergy man from England, already beloved here, and one who brings with him quite a large contingent to strengthen the diocese. The Rev. E. T. Howell holds the fort temporarily at Delo raine, and nothing must induce us to lose his services afterwards. I look to you to help me to find for him the right sphere for his excellent talents. The North-West Coast is doing excel lently well. Burnie rejoices over its rector, and the Rev. S. H. Hughes, who so gallantly went to Brighton, has had too heavy a burden altogether with the care of Richmond on his hands. You must extend your sym pathy to him, and wish him better days. The Rev. C. Vaughan is in the Chan nel; the Rev. E. C. Spink at George Town; the Rev. E. G. Barry aids the Archdeacon of Launceston, and the Rev. J. J. Brydges fills his place at Swansea; whilst the Rev. Thomas Pitt has been ordained deacon to minister to a flock who have known him for years, and rejoice to see him in Holy Orders. Westbury, toop, has by a change of plan' (to be submitted to you for ratification) become a contented and united place. If I have done them wrong I ask their pardon. I trust they are now contem't till they can once more regain their full rights. To all my beloved clergy, who have not changed their parishes, but have con tinued their labours steadily, to all our lay readers, and councils, and commit tees, without whom we could not carry on our work, we give our hearty thanks, and wish them well in the Lord. Statistics.-I am surprised and grati. fled that the returns of work show so little signs of the many changes of the clergy. Indeed, there has been a slight increase under several heads. The list of new churches is not long. First and foremost we mention the spirited attempt on the part of the Archdeacon of Launceston to build a really noble church in his parish. It will be a grand building when com pleted. I note with satisfaction that they will not go into debt. St. Luke's, Longley, has been rebuilt after the fire. Holy Trinity Church at St. Mary's has been consecrated free of debt. St. Martin's, Queenstown, has been built. A mission church in New Norfolk parish has been erected, and another at Forcett, another in Burnie parish, and of course Forth and Leven add yet another church to their long list-this time at Piona; whilst they enlarged the church at Abbotsham. So also the church at Gardiner's Bay has been enlarged. Land has been bought at Kelly's Basin, and a building projected; also a new site for St. Luke's at Zeehan. There are two new parson ages at Devonport and Sheffield; and a field has been added to the parsonage at Beaconsfield. The churches and buildings used regularly for worship number 251; this gives about four to every clergyman upon our list, though some are doing no active work. I have rliscojvered that this is the average also for all Auitralia, as you will hear pre sently. We have 5000 communfeants a very poor number. Over 10,000 Sunday services were held last year, and 5160 on week days, with 2660 cele brations of Holy Communion;' bap tisms, 1881, a decrease of 120; confir mations, 830, with 18 parishes .left out; Sunday-school children, 8209. The amount contributed towards the evan gelisation of the world is under £500. Twelve parishes or districts have ap parently contributed nothing, though I would fain believe there is some mis take here. Let me assure any who know that they have not given to this paramount cause (however little, but that little with hearty prayer and good will) that they could fashion no better umbrella to. fend off from themselves God's choicest blessings than to persist in this neglect. Those who wish for the unfailing supply at home must fol low the widow of Sarepta in giving first to the Lord's greatest cause. No parish can claim to be poorer than that widow woman was. Study of Theology-I beg to announce to the clergy and laity of the diocese that the Cathedral Library is now well catalogued and easy of access. New books are being constantly added, and it would gratify me immensely to see it well used by clergy and laity alike. A yearly sum of 5s opens its doors to you, and you may take volumes home; and I think they are exchanged for you post free afterwards. To Mr. Howell we owe our hearty thanks for the labour he has bestowed upon the catalogue. The library leads me to the Australian College of Theology. A report of the first year's work is published, and the examination papers are given, so that anyone can judge of the required standards. These rise gradually, affording room for any ear nest student of theology. I earnestly hope some of our clergy at least will enter this year. The College of Theo logy leads our thoughts to the supply of clergy in the future. This is a grave and anxious subject, and I beg to remind you here that I have made a declaration of our policy already, and am anxious to welcome any who feel a vocation and can qualify themselves. Still in the distance-but not, I hope, in the far distance-is the hope that Christ's College may become a college attached to the University, with provi sion for a theological side to enable us to give fully the instruction we desire to impart to candidates for Holy Orders. Finance.-It is my duty to bring it' home to all church-people how much we have suffered of late years from the shrinking of interest on our in vested capital. It is not our fault, but the result of natural causes. Our yearly income from this source is £976 less than it was seven years ago, and the burden falls almost entirely upon the country parishes and mission dis tricts. When this is known I am confident we shall receive the support of our people. So firmly do we be lieve this that we are taking the bold course of reducing no grants this time, although the interest will be some £300 less than last year. We have proposed a spirited method of collec tion, and ask you to support us. The principle of our action is sound,namely, to collect systematically from everyone -to ask for shillings and half-crowns from those- who can give no more, and to educate our children to give their own pence systematically as a gift to God's Church: Some 1000 are doing so already for the General Fund, and the number is to be raised to 2000 shortly. Surely the fruits of such teach ing will be great in the future. And now I desire to lay before the diocese our proposed course of action for two successive years. This year all our energies are to be devoted to the es tablishment of our own diocesan finances and to the appointment of two more clergymen, if possible, in centres where our people are entreating us to give them more ministrations- at Wynyard and on the Scottsdale line. In both these places they have shown their earnestness by offering to pro vide from £70 to £80 locally. Next year, the last year of this century, we are called upon to join in a very mo mentous enterprise with far wider re sults. Our General Synod has been fixed for 1900, in place of its actual date in 1901, in order that we may have a solemn convocation in which to humble ourselves before God for our negligences and ignorances in the past, and, agreeing -together to aim high, may be enabled to work more faithfully and unitedly in the twentieth century. Our session of General Synod next year is to be preceded by a nine days' meeting to survey the whole field of our duties throughout the world. You have heard of persons at home who have been called "Little England ers" because they cannot rise to the height of our Imperial destiny. But there is a worse nicknaming than that. It is far worse to be dubbed "Little Churchmen," for there are those who have never yet risen to the belief that Christ is the Universal King of this world, as of all worlds; that he be longs to no one race, because he claims all races; that he has no special love for one race above another, because he loves all races. There are persons who tacitly believe that Christ died and rose again only for the Anglo Saxon race, or who bound their Chris tian horizon by their parish or dio cese. These are the "Little Church men," who have not risen yet to the splendid claim of the Catholic Church. as inclusive of the world of humanity -as holding that every soul is natu rally Christian, and only awvaits the advent of the Saviour's message rightly delivered. It is needless to add that the future of the world lies with those who claim the world for Christ. The greatest temporal as well as spiritual empire of the 20th century will be that which is most completely founded on Christ's will. Believing this with all our hearts, I call upon this Synod to pledge this diocese to do its full share in looking far and wide for our Christian duties, thinking Christ's thoughts. Let us combine with all our brethren in Australia in casting our bread upon the waters next year as our last corporate act, showing the faith and hope that sustains us, and boldly expecting to find the blessing at home which is always accorded to those who obey Christ's call to duty everywhere. "Little Englanders" have at least this excuse, that they may fear the waning of our empire's force. But is there a churchman in this dio cese who fears he may exhaust the power of the Holy Ghost, or dreads that Christ will break his promise? From all such misgivings may the good Lord deliver his people, lest they lose their crown,and he remove their candle stick from the temple of his presence. I will throw. down a challenge; I offer. you a test. Who will be most eager next year among all-our clergy and. people to rise to the full eoneeptio's I of the privileges and aspirations of the l' Church of God everywhere? It will be just those very persons who neglect no sacred duties at home,but will spend their strength to the utmost bound of their powers this' year in establishing the church in ourr homes. . Devotion to our Blessed Master, deep gratitude to himb for all his. mercies, compels his: people to leave no wish of his un fulfilled anywhere. The time is short; we have much to accomplish in two years:. Relighius Education.---The Rev. J. B. W. Woollnough has for 15 years given unremitting attention to our written examination; and it is tt, his careful reports that I attribute the growth of this work among our children, till it takes: in volume, as well asn in eifi ciency, a high place among the dio ceses. Remember, it is not only tia children who have been stimulated. - it is the clergy and teachers also. And yet the number of parishes, whiich take up the- examination has not. in creased as I: should have wished. They do not number more than 21 outi of` 50\. The time has now come for, a fuller organisation. Mr. Woollnough finds the strain too great by hiin self, and advocates a division of labour, as well as a scheme of our examihna tions by our rural deans, both in Sin day-schools and State-schools. I welF come the enlarged scheme if it is: fea sible. I once attempted to examine children in all our parishes, but my strength was not equal to it.. I de sire also to urge upon the clergy and' their helpers the fullest possible use of the opportunities permitted us in our State-schools. It is the great boon which reconciles us to our national system of education. Holding the, view we do of the necessity for a religious basis for all true education, we must neglect no occasion that is open to us. I note that last year in. seven parishes no such instruction was given. I think that in all of those parishes regular teaching ought to have been given. I count it among the most. important of our duties, and I trust you will continue to keep an accurate record of your work. In some'places; and for special reasons, we have our church day-schools, and they deserve our warmest support, on condition that the education given is sound and thorough. We must also, as far as we possibly can, encourage by ourtsym pathy and influence every State-school teacher in the colony, to make them feel how high is our appreciation of their office. Visit the schools whenever: you can; in distant places there are few who enter them except yourselves, and the work is lonely. Let us do all we can, consistently with the rules of the department, to raise the tone of the children, and to be the friend of the teacher. Some of you doubt less sigh for the system of wholly denominational schools common in Ire land. I have my doubts whether the very best interests of Ireland have gained under a system which educated children in separate blocks divided by religious differences: whether some greater gain, some more complete national unity, is not lost. It is worth while asking you to consider whether a system of education where children of all denominations are educated to gether in common subjects lias not a great ultimate advantage in the-growth of unity, if at the same time our deep est convictions are respected. Where such a system admits those into the schools who believe that education must be founded on religion,. not only can we support it, but we shall be wise so to act that: children" may not come to believe that you can divide life into watertight compartments, labelling one religious and the other secular. Let us, while we. conform loyally to the rules of the department, utilise every opportunity to reach our own children, and to give the hearty support and friendship of educated men to teachers who will be quick to wel come our action. Is it not: also likely' that by so acting we shall impress our own views on tile paramount posi tion of religion in education upon a large number who would otherwise, re main unaffected? Religion is admitted' into the State-schools. Let us use' our privilege to the full. Coming back to the welfare of the children of the church, wherever we can deal with them, will you remember the warning. of our Diocesan Inspector?' Surveying the whole diocese broadly, he has said, "They don't know' their Catechism." Besides that warning, I quote the words of one of our great archbishops: "A. theory of divine life is essential' to a human life.. We have a. true' theory,. the faith, resting on a true history, the Gospel. And, to put the church's view concretely, we say that a child who knows the 'Church' Catechism,? whether ih its own form or in some other form, is, so far as it goes, an educated child,and that one who knovws it in no shape at all may be an admi rably- informed chi'ld', but not an edu cated one. To be able to draw out his duty to God and to man from his own undeniable position in Christen dom; to know and love the self-sacri fice of God made for him; to know what objects in the world it is desirable to live and to pray for, and what great help God has provided in this earth for his own individual weakness, this is to be a child indeed, and to have the makings of a man." (Benson.) I earnestly trust that in 1900 our inspec tor will sa;y', "The children now know their Catechism." (To be Continued.) 