TALES AND SKETCHES. ALI. Rieurs HKSEHVED.J THE HOUSE ON THE HILL, , BY O. 15. BURGIN, (Author of "A tjiukix Girl," &c;, &c.;) Isabel flew up lu her .cpulchral apartment, and ulmosl danced into ber liding bullit " Decidedly," bile thought, " I ,1111 increasing my kr-owlcdgc cf lift: Lo u IIIÜIVCIIOUK extent. People don't go riding about in Mayfair with handsome \oung tncu wiihout a chaperon Handsome young urn don't save peoph-V lives iii Ihat utic-rcinoiiioiiB way every day. Aod over all there hangs u shadow and a, fear, tte. 1 don't know whul the inyteiy is-it muy liol amount to luuell ; hut, then decidedly in something. I seem to have lived years eiucu yetlcribiy. And everything is happening iu a 1u.1nuer-of.fHct sort of way which Bets all HIV idem ot prolmbiliiiei* al defiance It is only jii'ul),iliiln i s which arc improliable. Isl bul a paradox ? X don't know." Suddenly a Bhudow hwejit over her features. She raised her arm, whip in hand. "I wonder," the tuid tn thc ginni, " »Lal would happen if a woman lioft- ewliipped a niall. People would SAy it was ur,feminine. Anil yet I (hink I i hui Ul like to hm sc« hip Hist rucreanl lover of mine-Hie inun who made love lome oceanic ho thought 1 had money, and theo qu-irrelleil *t i til me when he lound 1 wau puunilcbs. ll. wuiildli'l- hsvc any ell'icl. on him. He vo ii.-i ml..' it eula,ly, at, a kimi of rellim which lie h.<d dnern-d fur his conduct. It isn't hit* iK*scrt ion w I ich gtiiigb mc. it is that I should have loved -loved - 'actually lovell a wivich ¡ike thal! What HiUBt men think nf »oin. n when we stoop tu them in such a way ? Really, it seems lo 11.e that when a girl meets a man with tl c exterior of an Apollo she doesn't even trouble to look inside to see if lie is anything but a magnificent animal. When I think ihat I actually allowed ihut mau to kiss me, I could whip myself !" She drew on her gloves, and turned to leave the ronni. " Perhapu a struggle with tbe chestnut will restore my self-respect. I don't, however, anticipate any trouble. If a man can't ride her, il is probably tic eau e he hasu't light hands. iBupposc-ue shall huve a groom. We slinu'd hardly ride without a groom- even in Derbyshire." When aho came down the fcund Geoffrey Hearne waiting lo put her on ilie chestnut. That toward aed fiery animal was dancing round and doinc l-cr h'«t to knnck tho groom's hat ott willi her forefeet '1 hu appearance of a linbit acted like m»gic on her impetuous nerves. Shu came down on thc path and pawed impatiently at the gravel. A touch, a swing to the saddle, and babel waa mounted, thc beautiful chestnut for getting all pranks in her delight at the light, (irm hand which livid her. Then tiny reached the lodge-gale, (urned to thc leftover the barren moor, uni] met thc rush of (he exultant breczj v.Uh that keen expectant shiver of delight which never faiU a good boree and horse-woman, who feel that they will soot bc ou satisfactory terms with one another. Geofftcy Hearne came pounding Etolidly along OD his useful cob. INHOOI had forgottcu his existence. When the pulled in the chest- nut-her cheeks flushed, eyes flowing, a wandeiing love-lock kissing her pretty neck -he wan a hundred yards distant. Isahel eat there patiently awaiting his arrival, and patting the chestnut. "Ah," she said, presently, with a long drawn breath of delight, " my beauty, my beauty, you have taken (he sting and the pain out of my heart ! Henceforth I will live -live-live." " If you do that again," enid Geoffrey Hearne, who had caught the last word, ''there is every probability you will break your neck ;" but he smiled admiringly as he said it. A beautiful woman on a beautiful mare 1 A long stretch of moorland, intersected by broad avenue! of turf. A blue sky, in which the little, floating foam-decked cloudlets followed and fastened on to one another. All doubtless very prosaic aud commonplace, A man coming ia ihe opposite direction did not appear to think sn. " How well that girl sits her horse," he said, wonderingly. " No sack of potatoes business about that. I seem to know her, too. Wonder who abc is? I think I'd rather like to be that other fellow. Tbey are coming this way." He Ut a cigarette, and awaited their arrival. Suddenly, it fell from his lips. " Ry all that's improbable !" be gasped ; " Isabel Archer I" and, putting spurs to his horse, he galloped off in the opposite direction. Isabel put her hand to her head as if she had been Bhot. Then she rode on, strangely silent and reserved. " What was it ?" asked Geoffrey, noticing her silence. " Any ouc you know ?" "A ghost from the outer world," ¿he answered. Let us ride on." But tho charm had vanished for the day. Even the chestnut's springy motion could not restore it. "I wonder if he feared me," thought Isabel, as they turned homewards. "I oe ver thought him a coward before. Exit, Colin Deep, once and for all. " lu the course of a few days Isabel Archer ceased to feel anything embarrassing in her position. Geoffrey Hearne was the most masculine tamo cat she had ever seen about a house. His duties appeared to be almost nominal. They consisted of daily ridea and brief interviews with tenante, who began by petitioning for tho erection of a new barn, and ended in great content with a gate or a pig- sty. At first they would insist on having the barn, but Geoffroy Uearne'e firmness ultimately prevailed. To UBO the words of a well-known Transatlantic poet : "Ile wai* a most determined man, This quiet Mr. Drown." Isahel found herself regarding Geoffrey Hearne with increased respect aa time Sowed on. Her own duties were very few. She arranged the flowers every day, transmitted Miss Summcrby's orders to the servants, and took charge of the tea.urn. She was even becoming accustomed lo her own room. Its darkness harmonised with her somewhat gloomy feelings. When she sat there in the evening, trying to discover what tho Fates had in store tor her, the darkness of her surroundings tn adc an appropriate back- ground. She told herself that it was absurd to imagine life could have nothing further for her because of ono person's defection. Should it ever be in her power she would puuish this false lover, nol to avenga her own wrong, but for his crime against true love. The man had singled ber out IIB IIIC ol jed of his uttcnliuns -followed her about for 1 he whole season - made love to her in 11 thousand ineidioiiB wnye- tilled her whole life. For wboiV Only lo leave il. And then, thc paltriness nf his motive, He foiiud elie hud no money, and so abruptly forsook her. Angels might probubly forgive BO base an oilcuec. lt was rather tou much to expect a mere human being to do so. No punishment could be too great for such vile treuclieiy. She was alone one afternoon, about a moni h uficr her arrival at Hie House on thc Hill. Geoffrey Hearne hud driven tiff willi Miss Sumtnirby to interview a refractory tenant. Geoffrey Ucame did not want. Miss S11111 inerby lo go. I he 1 wile.III nf slimulaiing thc recalcitrant tenant's memory would give ber a licailnche. lim no ; Miss Smmiierhy protested that she didn't mind a headache, ond so they hud departió", thc amorous Kiuipplo gazing mournfully nt Mrs. 1'il lien tn as she helped her mistress into the landau, "li's no usc lo malin one's self loo clnnp to impudent aculares like men," Mrs. I'ilhcaiii ] hud cunlideutiiilly declared tn Isabel as »lie turned to the hull door. " if you do, it's a 1 failure; they tramples on you- spooiully a ' man liko Kinipple, who's got to bc kept I jndcr ; not but what ho's a taking way with 1 iiim when lie likes. Lol bim dh for me a < little longer, and, perhaps, I may listen to him. You take my advice, Mies. Men are very well before marriage, but unless you drive 'em with a tight rein they are uot nearly so meek afterwards." Isabel eat down in a cosy corner of the terrace beneath the spreading «bade of a friendly acacia. She had a writing-case on her knee, and was thinking over a letter to Mrs. Archer. At the end of the long travel walk the neighbouring wood was gay with fox-gloves wildly dancing in the bioeze. An occasional rabbit perkily sculled ucross the path into the undergrowth beyond, or sat up midway and peered round in timid bewil- derment. A portly thrash tugged at a reluctant worm, and dragged it forth to the light of day with a business-like air of a city mau swallowing an oyster. There waa a dreary quietude about the place. No human voice broke the stillness. ¡Stay I Wasn't that the sonad of horse's hoofs in the distance? Who could it be? Miss Sum mcrby never saw aoyone. Iso one would surely remember Isabel's existence, and come all thc way from London to inquire how she waB getting on in her new abode. She shut up her writing-case, and rose expectantly. "A gentleman to see you, Miss,"said one of the housemaids, enmiug round the corner, and handing Isabel a card on a silver salver. Isabel look the card with feminino curiosity. "Captain Colin Deep," she said. " Sid he ask for me ?" "Yes, Miss," said the girl. "First ¡io asked for Miss Summerby, and I said she was out. Then be asked for you, and I said you were in. He's in the big drawing-room. Will you see him, Mi«B?" " Yes," said Isabel, methodically gathering her belongings together ; " I will eee him." She stood still for a moment in order to collect her thoughts. This accounted for the hurried disappearance of the mysterious horseman os thc day of her first ride with Geoffrey Hearne. There had been many rides since then. She wondered if they were the causo of Captain Deep's presence at the House on the Hill that particular afternoon. Captain Deep, a tall, fair man, with singularly handsome blue eyes, rose to meet her os she entered the room. There were distinct traces of crown' feet at thc corners of his almost feminine optics. He did not appear to be more than thirty, and was exceedingly neat and well groomed. A long, flowing, fair moustache bid his mouth. For once in his life he seemed ill at ease. His manner had none of the characteristic sang froid of military men. He simply looked rather foolish, and very much ashamed. Isabel coldly returned tho bow. " Captain Deep, I think ?" she said, affecting to study the card in her hand. " I am afraid Miss Summer by is out. The maid said that you had asked for me." This was what is vulgatly known as a " facer " for the gallant Captain. There was a reason only known to himself and one other fer his presence there to- day. Ho counted upon a scene-reproaches, tears, forgiveness, a blotting out of thc past. Bygones had indeed been blotted out with a vengeance when this tall young woman, whose beautiful eyes lind once looked into his with shy delight, could calmly consult the pasteboard in her hand as if doubtful of his identity. Ho began to doubt, it himself. After the way he had behaved, perhaps «he was fearful of surrendering too readily. Ho knew that she lind once loved bim. She was not the first, woman who had doun so ; his "fatal gift of licuiily," us Toole says had wrought, much li.tv.i_ in many feminine huirte. Still, bu noiild be uiiiguaininus, uud lieu) the wound he had inflicted. lie could lilford to murry unw, without i eliiiquibliini; uny of Ilia own seltirth pleasures. I'.e Blond hobitutii g for a un mint, and then resumed his chair. Wliut u lovely girl she was ! Thoac dark shadows under the eyes were doubtless bis work I They must be painted out. " Yes," he said, moniuiitaiily accepting tho lituatiuu, "I am a now neighbour of Miss Summcrby's- have jiiBt come into sotno property about herc-and revorsod tim usual order of things by oalling on ber first. She couldn't very well call ou a baqhelor," "It wa> very good ul you," laid Isabel's cold clear tones, will) just tile faintest infliction of sarcasm in them ; but lam ufraid Mies Summerly would scarcely appreciate euch a departure from thc convenliunaltics. She goes nowhere." "Indeed," eafd Captain Deep. "Iunder- stood Miss Sutnmciliy wns a comparatively new-comer. Hence my-my concession to sentiment. I am sorry to have miased her ;" hut he did not go. To Isabel's great annoyance, thc maid appeared with afternoon tea. She amid not avoid ashing Capltiu Deep to have some. He evidently did not intend to go without an explanation. She did nut want au ex- planation ; the man was hateful to ber-Bile only wished to punish him. Possibly, Miss Summerby and Geoffrey Hearne would soon return,Vnd wonder at his presence there. "Will you have some tea?" said Isabel, coldly. The maid handed it to him, and retired. Isabel drank hers with ladylike enjoyment. What farces our lives sometimes are-or tragedies ! Here were two people who a few months ago were on the most intimate ie?ms, now affecting to meet as strangers. One had behaved badly to tho other. He was con* aoious of an avenging Nemesis, hut did not know what shape his punishment would take. Somehow, he had realised that he was not going to escape scot-free. And thc other? 'h, there was nothing about thc other to call for comment. She was simply a very hand- some girl, silting back in a pretty lounge chair, and drinking her tea with the air of one who was rather bored and too well-bred to let it appear. Perhaps that was part of the punishment. After u few minutes, Captain Deep got up to depart. It waa evident that he did not want to go. Isabel also rose. " May I hope lo have the pleasure of seeing Miss Summerby on somo other occasion ?" aid Captain Deep. " Isabel's eyelids were slightly raised. "Surely, Captain Deep, it is usual to await a return visit, even in the country ?" "Ob, thia will not count," BK id the Captain fatuously. " This was lo you." " Indeed ! You do me too much honour.' " Yea, to you," said the Captain, eagerly, " Isabel, if you could on'y know how bitterl) I have regretted my folly !" Isabel again glanoed at the card on tlie table, ae if to assure herself that she was nol mistaken. " Really, Captain Deep, I cannot imagiot why you presume to address mc in such i way. " " It is presumption, of course. I knew yoi would think it was. I can't explain it ver] wall." "There is not the slightest necessity fo any explanation whatever. I once had th somewhat doubiful pleasure of knowing-o fancying that I knew-someone who bor your name. Then 1 ceased to know ttia particular individual, He disappeared. Hi fiiends said he must marry money; ho wa reported to have proposed to Miss Jute, o Blackburn ; and there was an end of him." "I brg your pardon," said the Captain " Perhaps I can supplement thc story little." " I am afraid, Captain Deep, thal I nm ne suflictenily anxious to hear uliuul a muller c so litllo moment," "You have no right," said thc Ciiplair "to be unjust-to condemn any ono unhcarr What I have done has been bud and bns enough. Now 1 have suddenly come int money, I hasten to make you 'lie only pahr reparution in my poivcr. Will you bc in wife ?" Isabel beard him without a thrill i emution. A few months ugo her heart wno' hovo throbbed willi a wild delight. Now i folt like stone within lier. "Il may seem tu you that I hnvo II cxlcuuuling circumstances to hlead," HIIM tl, Captain. " Weil, perhaps 1 haven't, bu what little lhere ure, for haven's sake lieu thom." She stood cold, cn 1m, aud proud, au motioned to him to speak. " My allowance was barely enough for ni to lire. My regimental exponeos were hcavj Bone« »nd debts were swamping mo, I int you. Report hail it ill nt you were rich. I tovt-rl you tor \ ourself. " flic gave a genni.<? ot incredulity, " Ah, ycit, you may dishclievu mc ; hut it ie so. Then mutiert c*mo to a crisis. Oo Hie very verge of proposing to you, I learned that you hu-i t-otliiug, although your mother had plenty of money. To have asked you to marry nie would Ilute been I he grossest selfi.hn.B8. The rope was already ronnd my neck. Miss J ute was my one chance. Hut I couldn't go et rain lit from yon to Miso Jute. 1 went away without a word to you I dared not see you. My creditors gave me two months more. I went away to flay with some people. Miss Jute wu- in ihe same house. People told yon that I was psyiDg my addresses to lier ; it was not true- 1 never eaid a word to her which might not have been shouted nut from the house-tops. I was nerving myself to do it when the tele giam came wfiich set me free. Norton Liées is my own ; 1 have two thousand a year to keep it op with-two thousand absolutely. There is enough ready money to pty off my debts. In a word, I am frau I Free of every- thing except dishonour. That clings to me ; it is a gangrene which eats into my flesh. 1 saw yuu the other day and dared not face you , but I have had to do it." lie paused, breathless. If lie thought his passionate speech had moved Isabel, he was mistaken, " All that yuu say only proves more con- vincingly than ever that you never truly loved me. If you had loved me, you would have known that'I would have followed you to the world's end. Whens girl loves-(she caught her breath for a moment as if in pain) -when elie loves she does not question the why or when fore. She does not ask for mouey, position, servants, fine houses. Ab, no! It is so very different. Poverty, hunger, misery-all arc as naught. Life is one glad sweet dream uf delight, for all the world's thoms become rose leaves at ber touch, lier soul ÍB satisfied with thc sweetness and majesty and holiness of love. God watches over In r ; the universe is a garden ; one little smile, or word, or touch of love her guerdeon for all tbe heat and burden of thc day. Ah, no ! Sncb men as you do not know the meaning of the word. You degrade it, lower it into the dust, make a mock of it, cast it off, and then would fain whistle it back to your call as a plaything for your idle hours. Your shame is your punishment. Some day, perhaps, it may bc your redemption. Go I I never wish to touch your hand or hear your voice again." But-" ' ' Good day !" She rang the bell. " Order Captain Deepa horse, Maty." And the Captain rode mutely away. " I hear you have had a visitor," said Geoffrey Hearne, presently. " Ho hasn't taken his tea," t( l'erhaps it WSB too hitter," she said. She raised the cup in her hand, as if tn throw it into the fireplace, but he took it from her with almost boyish reverence. Wormwood would be sweet from your hand.," he said, and drained it lo the iln-^s. After tito cup episode, a new life b"gan for Isabel. Her self-retipeet returued. Htjrewuü anolhcr man who evident ly admired her, ul tlough he did uot tay so. Still, he knew that she timi no money, and the knowledge did not upped!- lo ult', cl him in any way. lt was evident ti,at he ri leo lind no money. But hud not thc oilier mun made (hut u ground lor his desertion. Thcro ima something ulit-ut Gcol.iey Heu.no which showed that lie was fully ulive lo tb" vt lue of lunney, Inn Hint he did not limite il IJÍH gul t.i lim exclu MOO ul everything eke. lie must Le regard - lc.s of motley, or lie would never seriously cnntcniplute biiiigitig nut etneudulions of Shakespeare. Hut tho emendations of Multi - npi-aro hud lately lieoti neglected, (i-ollrcy Hearne lui come to i be conclusion tli.it there were ton ninny emendations ulieudy. He had rcecutly puitl u vit.it to thu l.ondun luBtituleat Finsbury Circus. There lie hud discovered a huge edition of his favourite poet, each volume of which was about two feet liigb, and broad in proportion. On every page of tliis edllion he found about six lines ct text, and I but thereat consistée- ol emenda tiona and notos! It scorned to him rather hard on ¡Shakespeare (hut the poor poet should tm aa-full of alteration.? asa la*l year's hound m II de over, and KO, tomehou, the ^reat work wa« pitched on one (.ide with un trn&ulii;'ion altogether foreign to (ïeofjrcy Hoi ruc'« custon »ry teuaci y of purpose. Isabel had altogether forgotten about the mystery which she ituagiued to he contained in thc House on the Hill, lt cea neil to occupy her, «mil onft m^iitt-hu wits awakened hy a ray nf motmliyht lUncitig ihrouch thu blind. lt fell full on li ur face, an I dazzled her. She cou¡d not filet p. Then a tnouue bo^an to gnaw ai the wutnucot. The ët.iWe clock tv ruck I hr re. Sh« uld tho get up dud pull doun thc slat fl of the vuei iau blind propel ly, so de to ul" el ti <ie the lijih', rr b|iotil*i h lie endeavour to Roto sleep again? For aomo time »he could not decide ; j ti fae% filie WUP. not vvh'illy ¡makc, hui iu thai lulf-aumnolcut state wt.ich f rad uni ly n-sulves il f elf into at umber if nn . ÏIÎIILÎ hippeua to »till further rous-- the dorm iwt f luutiius Bul cs che lay there t ve ry little ii'iiae co;it*pircd to diutmb Iflibfl. Thc bombi «cerned lo crcik Thc fmieic;tl titiupy overhead actually bli no lt once or twice na if moved by invisible hands. Will-knov. i ut jucts iu tho nwn attuned fnivnsiii: ¡di-apeo, and tn*d« mocking motions t*i her in Ui-- cbuotiuiis moonlight, Her cloak, i h rou ii ii ?> elescly nu H din-tu.t chair, se* med io have ». 11 M 11* fini- in ii. It ulmoat moved. Al litius, J NI'« I f-n ci td Hui it cat up, a* if very n»iK-li ni »"Mm; there. Mhu iried counting a hundred, ui h...kc nfl ut thirty Hie, rho was lou wi - .».kr. .Sudden'y, she bttlim.ght h«rndf timi in a .miment ot you t I-f ul torture «'ne lind >. c t'opt lied to cum m it to memory nome (if;y ? Í " I he > xcuraioa." If they did not s> l'iî her io pUtp nothing else would. She tried '.UÍ (-.aid only remember ten lines, und i he vii. »»t tt(. irving to r> cull the mirai a der prevented hoi* havîi.^ a southing (ffect, (I'.i be concluded mst week.) 