ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, December 2, 1898. We are all more or less Imperialists nowadays, so it is possible that the scheme propounded by the "Times"' for calling the reformed London University "Imperial," aud housing it at the Imperial Institute will meet with very general approval. The case as set forth by the "Times" is that on the one hand the institute is in dis tress and wants relief, and on the other hand the Government desires to eject the University from its present quarters in Burlington Gardens. Those quarters, it may be said, would in any case be en tirely ■ inadequate to the needs oi the University when the metamorphosis is completed, and one looks in vain for a more suitable building and site in the metropolis than the institute, which is in itself splendidly capacious and is environ ed by three acres of vacant land, on which laboratories and class rooms can be erect ed. It is said that the Prince of Wales favors the "TiinesV scheme, and this one can well believe, since it would relieve him and his colleagues of the responsibility of maintaining what the "Daily News"" aptly terms a "costly futility." Tie Govern ment also favors the scheme, which would enable them to house the University suit ably at & comparatively cheap price. The proposition is in some respects decidedly attractive, and will doubtless receive every consideration. Despite the run of bad luck, culminating in the China wreck, which the P. & O. Company has encountered, the directors are able to present a"h excellent report to shareholders. Tire net surplus for the year, including £7,779 brought forward, amoifnts to £180,6 ML which, after 'deduct ing the interim dividend at the rate ot i\ per cent, on the preferred and 3i on the deferred stock paid on June last, admits payment of a further*2l per. cent, on the preferred and 64 per cent, on the deferred stocks, and leaves a balance of £6,604 as a nest-egg for the year ensuing. Concerning the China, the directors are able to report that the extensive tempo rary repairs necessary to enable the vessel to be brought home are nearing comj.le tion, and they anticipate that she will shortly continue her homeward trip, steaming with her own machinery. On ■arrival the China is to be placed in the hands of her builders, -Slessrs. Harland and Woolf, of Belfast, and it is confidently expected that they will be able to restore her in every tray to the state and efficiency of a new vessel. Presiding over the ordinary general meet ing of the English, Scottish, and Aus tralian Bank, held last (Monday at Win chester 'House, Mr. C. J. Hegan said there was nothing of a very uncommon nature in the balance- sheet presented on that oc casion, for the time -nad passed when the board, need ask the proprietors to take any heroic measures, ana the time had come when "they must pest and, avoiding excited discussion, slowly build up the somewhat diminished prestige of the bank. That they would be able to do co he had no doubt. . Thoss. who were aware how intimately the success of Australia, was associated with 'the pastoral industries would realise what a difficult time toeir <bank and smflar institutions had had to contend with, but there had been another impediment in the way of their success, and Out was the extreme and wholly un necessary competition which had prevailed ■between the banks themselves. There were only two or three points in the balance-sheet to which he need draw atten tion. The paid-up capital was less by the amount of the . reduction effected a year ago, and an almost corresponding re duction itad taken place on the other side ot the balance-sheet. Tbe balance carried forward last year— £ 10,870—had, in ac cordance until the terms of the order of 1896, been carried to reserve, and it -was a source of considerable satisfaction to the board to see the bank again in the posi tion to commence the formation V>£ such a. fund, with everyjprospeot of being able to add to it annually, fle wished to lay some stress on *he fact that the whole of the amount carried forward last year had been placed to reserve, and not added to (the balance of profit before them on that occasion, co that the shareholders would undfezstarid that ihe sum of £6,033 to the credit of the year's working was absolute ly net profit. Tihe capital reserve account was an- item (that appeared for the first time., and that had been formed in accor dance witk tcouiisel'B opinion. The report was adopted. _, The reason of Mr. A. J. Wilson's resig nation of the city editorship of the "Standard" is given this week by "Labby," who has always had a sneaking regard for the calumniator of toe colonies. Put in the briefest form, the etory is this :—ln January last Mr. Wilson brought out tbe ** Investors' Beview," previously a month ly publication, as a weekly journal. On healing of this Mr. Mudford objected, on behalf of the proprietors of the " Stan dard." Mr. Wilson urged that by law and precedent he was free to do what he had done. Mr. Mudford replied that the proprietors of the " Standard" could not assent to it. Mr. Wilson signified, polite ly but not obscurely, that he - would see the proprietors further before he gave up his- weekly. The correspondence then passed into the hands of the solicitors to the " Standard," who ' gave Mr. Wilson formal notice to terminate his engagpmpnt in ode year's time, i.e., in January, 1899. According to the "OaOy Mail' the pub lic need not be surprised if M. Louis de Rougemont Grin Grein Green appears be fore them in a new role. Mr. George Dar rell, 'tis said, has written a four-act play, entitled "The Adventures of Louis dc Bougemont." in which that great ex plorer will himself play the hero. It wfll be a "star" part, and Louis is to have the whole fourth act to himself. The play, the "Mail" avers, is to be produced in London by a well-known management. Bo I believe this? Well—not quite. That keen cricketer the Maharajah of Patiala has conferred on Ranjitsinnji the honorary colonelcy of his body guard, aud this is what the dusky "prince wore when leading his troop on escort duty on the occasion of the Viceroy's visit to Patiala a few days ago:—"A gorgeous Oriental costume in pink silk, with a tiara of dia monds, a plume of osprey and diamonds, and a crossbelt of magnifiwnt gems." Mrs. Haweis, the wife of our mutual friend of the Bey. B. H. Haweis, who died last Monday at Bath, was a plain, plucky, pertinacious, and hardworking little scribe who knew her own Bpecial subjects thoroughly, and also confidently believed she could write well on anything under heaven. This was not quite the case. Ho- handbooks on "The Art of Beauty," "The Art of Dress," and "The Art of | Decoration" are admirable, but when she tried to play the "London correspondent" she came to grief. Her artless belief in the potency of the name of Haweis was pathetic. She showed me once a column of trivial "piffle" which she was about to send out to an influential Australian news paper, which had engaged her at a rate that made me envious to do some letters. I told her bluntly the "copy/ was, un worthy either of her reputation or the paper. Mrs* Haweis admitted the article had been hurried through in an odd half hour; "but" she said, "our name will carry it off. In the hey-day of the Bey. H. R. Haweis's popularity drawing-room meetings on women's work were fre quent at Queen's House, Chelsea, Mrs. Haweis invariably *?lring an active part in them. She was very charitable, but a poor manager, and must, I fear, often have been pressed for money. Latterly illness harassed, and her husband's difficulties perplexed her. Since his return from his trip round the world Mr. Haweis's preaching has fallen off sadly. This- has somewhat affected the attendance at the church in Marvlebone, and diminished the collec tions. The "Westminster Gazette" says: —"The news of Mrs. Haweis's death comes with a shock to most of those who knew her. She was still in the prime of hfe: she never complained, and though she had grown quiet and just a little sad of late she was still full of energy. Her interest in women's work of every kind was perhaps Mrs. Haweis s strongest characteristic, and she herself was never happier than when she was quietly at work with her .pen. *I am a working woman myself,' she often re marked, 'and though I live in a large house my real life is passed in two rooms, and if I had these only I should be just at happy.' Mrs. Haweis never settled en tirely down after the removal from beau tiful Queen's House, Chelsea, but up to very recently she was making no end of plans for future activity. A large number of needy mortals, especially women, will fiid the world an emptier place since Mrs. Haweis is no longer in it." A slight misunderstanding between your late illustrious visitor, the Duke of Man chester, and Mr. LeCouteur, the fashion able photographer and manufacturer of cinematographs, resulted in the former being sued for £127 16s. in the law- courts last week end. The question in dispute is whether his grace when he came of age bought or hired a cinematograph. The duke says, of course, he hired it. LeCou tour affirms without doubt he bought it. He never lets such things out on hire. Plaintiff said he became acquainted with the duke at Welbeck, where lie was giving an exhibition before the Duke of Port land.' That was in August, 1897. Defen dant afterwards went to bis rooms, where he held a photographic association. He practised on the instrument, and said that he should like to have a photograph of himself in character. The duke ordered films and other apparatus from him, but never paid, although witness sent accounts to all his addresses. Mr. Carson asked plaintiff where he sent his bills against the duke. "Oh, to all his seats," said plain tiff, "and then they told me to try Ire land. !So I tried Ireland." Sir. Carson has a delightful little touch of the brogue, which gave the reply a humorous side. The court laughed, from the judge to the usher, and the jury roared. "That," said 3lr. Carson, with native wit, "is the best advice I ever heard.7' Case adjourned. Guy, Boothby has just suffered a shock ing h2reavement. Xot many weeks ago he bought the famous bulldog Black Watch lor £SOO, thus giving the highest price ever paid for any specimen of that breed in this country. Black Watch was entered for the Xational Show at Birmingham, but last week fell ill, and in spite of veterinary attention, gave up the ghost after linger ing a couple of days. Business, one may lairly surmise, must be brisk with .Mr. Boothby, or he would never be able to "go to the dogs" at this extravagant figure. I see, (by the way, he 5s to do a sensational s:ory called "Briefed by the Dead : a lale of Two Hemispheres," for T. P. O Connor's Christmas number. The large number of Australians and Anglo-Australians who may be found al most any Saturday afternoon at Clifford Harrison's recitals at Steinway Hall, shows how right B. L. Smythe was when he cried to secure this silver-voiced genius for a colonial tour. I fear 'Harrison's terms now would 'be higher than ever. His popu larity with educationalists is amazing. The Steinway Hall invariably overflows, and on Thursday/ when the reciter goes down to Brighton, the huge Dome is packed with boys' schools, girls' schools, and young folks generally. 'Ethel Haydon (has gone to Manchester with her husband, who is playing in ths principal "local pantomime. Domestic reasons will prevent Hiss Haydon resum ing her profession for some time to come. Mr. Bland Holt and other Australian friends of Mr. -Leonard Outram, the author of "True Blue," will be concerned to learn that his marriage,with the lady profes sionally known as "Frances Ivor" has turned out very unhappily. The story told in the Divorce Court proved to have a painfully familiar ring. Mr. Outram first became acquainted with nis wife in 1881, when ehe came to him to be "coached" for an amateur performance. The pair fell in love with each other, and an 1886 they were married in Jlaryleoone. Sliss Ivor quickly became a "leading iady," and toured succesfullv in America ana the provinces, her husband usually being a member of the company. Amongst their fellow-actors was Mr. Berte Thomas. He affected to be the husband's friend, but in reality alienated the wife's love. Ultimately-Mrs. Outram informed Mr. Outram that she had ceased to care for him. After this Mr. Outram wrote to sir. Thomas, who was then acting at Her Majesty's Theatre, the following theatrical epistle:—" There is a man you know of who has robbed a woman of Jier honor and tflie respect of her friends. He has torn her down from the pedestal she occupied in her profession and deprived her of the love of her husband, the reverence of her child, -and the confidence of her relations. He bas made ber «kmiserable, degrading, despairing outcast, 'without .morality, or religion, or cense of punty, or truth. For these wrongs which he bis done her in the name of love be has no compensation to give. At the utmost tie can only invite tier to begin anew with him the poverty stricken struggle that has co fatally taxed her endurance with her husband. She is as old as or older than tile 'lover' physi cally, and mentally unsound. The man for whom she had made, and is prepared to make, such sacrifices has teen false to hospitality and to .the most generous con fidence m a friend. Be hag blasphe mously nursed bis wicked purpose, even in church, with the woman who should have joined bun there side by ' side, seeking moral etrengtSi instead of pander ing to a vicious inclination. If he has a. spark of honor, or love, or manhood in bun, he will absolutely cease all communi cation' with this weak creature, and leave her to be won back to happiness (by her husband. Assuming that he has not these qualities he will do well to take care of his personal safety." To this Thomas replied briefly, bat not ineffectively:—"A little love brought to a loveless life." There was no defence to the action, and in the result the jury found for Mr. Ontram, and as sessed the damages against Mr. Thomas at £800, Sir Francis Jeune granting a decree nisi, and condemning the respondent in costs, as she has a separate estate. Con siderable sympathy is felt in the profession for 'Mr. Outram. The illness which has kept Mrs. Brown- Potter ""out of the bill" at Her Majesty's Theatre (or the past three weeks took a. j very serious turn toward the end of last week, and on Friday morning the popular actress's life was despaired of. when, however, her friends bad prepared to ■hear the worst the patient took a turn for the better, and on Sunday her medical atten dants <were able to issue a very cheerful bulletin. The improvement has continued, and under ordinary circumstances Mrs. Brown Potter should booh be able to re sume her role in the "Three Musketeers," which is now being admirably filled by Miss Grace Wanner. The Australian-bred Merman (6 years, 8 st. II Ib.) started first favorite at 5 to 1 for the Manchester November Handicap of a mile and three-quarters on (Saturday, but finished amongst the last four of the 14 runners. Newhaven 11., on the contrary, though weighted with 9 st., and starting at 33 to 1, was placed fourth, being within half a length of the winner. This proved to be Sir James SlQler's Chaleureux (4 years, 8 st. 10 lb.), who, after a tremendous race with Mr. Hardy's Eclipse (6 years, 6 st. 7 To.), added the event to his brilliant Cesarewitch victory by a. shore head. Oliver Madden, who heads the list of winning jockeys for 1898, was on his back. (Madden has scored 161 wins this year out of 830 mounts, and nis triumphs include the Derby on the 100 to 1 Jeddah. the Gold Vase, the Hardwicke, and the Wokmgham Stakes at Ascot, the Goodwood Cup, the Cesarewitch, and Manchester November Handicap. "That 'Air. J. I*. Toole is getting better," says the "Chronicle," is "evidenced by the fact that he is telling the following story of his Australian experiences. Sir Charles j Halle had preceded him, and at one of the golden cities the mayor lavished princely hospitality on the musical lion. He was not a cultured mayor, and in speaking to the toast of 'Our host.' referred to him al ways as 'Hal,' till an alderman nudged Mm and told him te call it Halle. When Mr. Toole came along the hospitable mayor de termined he would not give himself away again, and the genial actor found himself pleasantly referred .to throughout the mayoral speech as Toolay.' " 