NOVEL. The Martlet Seal, By Jeanette Walworth. CHATTER VIII.— -(Continued.) ' Celeste was a wiser nurse than I took her for. 1 had no business coming in here to talk to my little siok wife. I am going Norrie, and I shan't oome baok until yon send for me, darling. Only don t keep me away too long. I miss yon so, dear. So do all the boys. I wish—' 'Stop! stop! stop!' It was a ory of pain. He did Btop. and stood wonderingly silent While she went on impetuously : Yon are talking to me as if I were a lunatic or a ohild. A child yon know I am not. A lunatio possibly I might become, if falseness, deceit, oowardioe, duplicity in a man were all that was necessary to make a lunatic of a woman. When I said that I bated you, I meant it ! When I recoiled from yonr tonoh as I would from that of a reptile, I meant it ! Yon are a reptile, John Lorimer !' He blanched at her soatbing denunciation ' of him, and, turning his faoe from her, he stood with folded arms looking down into the fire. It was on reoord in the medical journals, he reminded himself, that people frequently turned upon their very dearest friendB when dementia seized upon them. Chalmers mnst be summoned at onoe. He would not add to her exoitement by a single word. She stopped speaking. He could hear the tumultuous breathing that lifted the folds of her white wrapper in billows of passion. After a little while her breath came more placidly. ' Is that all, Nora P' be turned and asked her quietly. To soothe her excited nerves was his one objeot just then. ' That is all. Ib it not enough ?' Quite enough in the way of condemns- tion.' He had turned towards the door. ' You are going P she asked, drearily. ' Is not that what you want me to do ?' Yes.' Yon know my theory always has been that the vezy worst a good woman oan think of a man falls far short of his deserv ing. I hope you will feel better to-morrow, Nora. Try to sleep now, dear.' He was gone ! She looked stupidly at the wooden panels of the door through whioh he bad disppeared. Not one word in self- defence ! He oould not look me in the faoe and defend himself ! That much to his oredit. And now let me finish my work.' She resumed her writing. Her pen fairly flew over the paper. Sheet after sheet she filled, folded, enveloped, and directed, until four dosed' envelopes lay before her, upon one only of which she put a govern ment Btamp. When Celeste brought her lnnoheon to the door, she found henelf looked out. When she knocked two or three hours later, and informed 'Madame' that she was there witb the dinner-iray, she was still looked out. When she oame again at lamp-light, craving permission to put the child to bed, the door was opened Buffioiently wide for Ninette to creep in, and through the orevioe CeleBte was informed that Mrs liorimer would attend to the ohild herself that night. She was at liberty to dispose of her evening in Her own way. The way Celeste did dispose of it was not at all in her own way.' She wbb entrapped on ber way down the stairs by the mistress of White Cliffs and drawn into the sitting-room, where the family physioiar, assisted by John Lorimer and Lis mother, cross-questioned her rigidly and exhaustively as to MrsLorimer's mental condition during previous neuralgio attacks. She slipped away from them, when they had extraoted from her a vast deal of infor mation she had never suspeoted herself possessed of, and orept into a oot in the hall, just outside Nora's door. John himself had looated it. She had assured Mm confidently that a mouse oould not stir in Madame s room and she, Celeste, not hear it from .that position. It was from that night that Celeste Bougereaux always dated her belief in ghoBts, and regarded their visitations as presages of evil. She told the story of the White Cliffs ghost always with unotion. It. was not of ghosts I was thinking,' she would tell you, 'that night. I was awake. I oould not sleep. The hall waB large and strange to me. The oot was narrow- I was restless. I was thinking of the ohild Ninette, and how Bhe must have missed me, when of a sudden I felt a cold wave sweep over my faoe and I saw a white figure gliding noiselessly across the hall and turn towards the steps. I covered my head with the blankets, chilled but not frightened. Celeste Bougereaux is not a coward. When I looked again, there was nothing to be seen but the cold pale moonlight streaming through the unourtained dormer window upon the bare floor of the hall. The next morning, Mrs John Lorimer was not to be found. I told no one of that visitation from the White Oiiffj ghost. Bah! the pro vincials, they would have had no faith in it or in me. But 1 have seen what I have seen.' One portion ot Ueleste Bougereaux s story was irrefragable. It waB on the morning after she slept on the oot in the hall th»t John's wife was not to be found. On the desk in her room were lying three sealed envelopes. One of the envelopes was addressed to her husband. To him she said,— I married you for Ninette'e sake, I leave you for your own. You may be a trifle shocked at this violent rending of the feeble ohain that links us together, bat I fancy you will be infinitely obliged to me in the long run. Consult some of your lawyer friends and see how the knot can be untied legally, for 1 would not have you lose the full fruits of this sacrifice by reason of obBtaoles in the path of your marrying again,— moro felicit ously next time, I will hope. I have no intention of making away with myself.' Another one of the envelopes was addressed to Celeste. To her she said,— ' As soon as you have read this, ask Mr Lufimer to sond you and the ohild to Glen- burnie. Take with you her trunk and the envelope addressed to Miss Fairbanks, whioh i leave with this. Be good to Ninette, and stay with her : it will be to your interest.' The third envelope was addressed to Miss Fairbanks. To her she said, — I am not conducting my project in the way I had planned before coming to White Cliffs. But, after all, we are the merest puppets in the hands of Fate. I had meant my little Ninette should win her own way with yon before I made for her the startling olaims of kinship. She is Sibley Fairbanks daughter — his only ohild, born in holy wed- look. Her mother and father did not live together happily. He deserted her: she had to make her own snpport. As all of the papers were in his possession, it may be some time yet before the child's legal olaim upon yon or npon your father oan be estab lished. She is the ohild of my only sister — a younger sister, to whom .1 was idolatrously attached. John Lorimer's suit for my hand oarried no weight with it until he accident ally mentioned the fact of having the Fair banks of Glenburnie as neighbors. I meant to have kept Ninette myself until her olaim upon her grandfather bad been made so clear that ha would gladly have recognized it ; but it has been ordered otherwise. If your firet impulse should be to order Celeste, the ohild's nurse, to leave your presenoe and take the ohild with her, Btop and deliberate twice before vou send yonr brother Sibley's infant daughter adrift in an unfriendly world. Until I prooure the proofs of what I say, yon mast take my simple assertion. Every word in this letter is absolutely true.' CHAPTER IX. Flowers ! flowers everywhere ! The most expensive sorts at the most expensive season ! But expanse was never taken into aooount in the Noroross establishment. Did Mrs Nor- oross desire a thing ? And waB that thing the very best of its kind ? Those were the only two questions worth the asking or the answering. Friday was Mrs Eugene Noroross's day. Not that every day was not entirely at her own frivolooB disposal, but even butterflies are subjeot to exhaustion, and it Mr Noroross had not set apart one day out of the seven for ' speoial observances,' the gayest butterfly of fashion that all Esplanade Street, in the oity of New Orleans, oould boast, would have suocumbed to the burden of its own popularity. On Friday, therefore, one was sure of finding Mrs Noroross at home, olotbed in one of those marvels of French costumes that all her ' set was raving over.' One was also sure of finding the house converted into a bower of roseB, while from every oorner of the spacious lower floor, during the regula tion hours, floated the mingled aroma of English breakfast tea and feminine gossip. Apparently, no one enjoyed Mrs Noroross's Friday afternoons more thoroughly than she did herself. No ohild freshly admitted into fairy-land oould have outdone her in joyous gayety, as she flashed from group to group of the tea- drinkers, moving her lithe form with its glistening satin train, and her jewelled arms and hands, with an effective graoo not altogether unstudied. All of those who drank her tea were not good- natured towards Eugene Noroross's yonng wife. Some of them, perhaps, had not yet got over the seoret smart of his defeotion from the ranks of their own possible editors. Some of them, perhaps, would have preferred his marrying a woman whom somebody knew. Among these was his aunt, Mrs Mellioent Noroross, who con fidentially assured his married sister, Mrs Delanoy Delany, on the Friday in question, that— 'If NororosB had not bronght her direct from Paris, one would be tempted to aoonse her of ganoherie.' ' Not ganoherie ! Anything hut that. For a woman in her first winter here, she is the most absolutely self possessed young thing I ever saw.' ' Well, then, provinoialism, if you prefer. I imagine she has seen very tittle of thiB sort of thing. Her enjoyment of it is too undisguised, too absurdly genuine.' ' It is rather patent. She is a pretty oreature, though, Mellioent. One oan soaroely blame Eugene for beooming in fatuated so late in life.' ' She is exquisite ! Ohio from the otown of her blonde hair to the tips of those little twinkling yellow satin slippers. It is her effusive gayety I condemn. I should prefer more repose of manner.' ' Her oostnme is daring. No woman less sure of her complexion wonld have ventured so muoh yellow at onoe. She does langh too mnoh.' Mrs Delanoy Delany lowered her long- handled eye- glasses, and sighed. Mrs Mellinent Noroross lowered hers, and smiled : ' After all, why should she not laugh ? Life must be an altogether pleasant thing for her. The adored wife of Eugene Nor- croBs, no children, assured position, old family, wealth, beauty, youth, health J— I envy her, my dear, positively.' ' And — yet— a skeleton 1' Mrs Meiliaent shrugged her plump should ers and lowered her voioe : ' You mean Eugene himself ?' ' As jealous as a Spaniard !' What would you have P Ferfeotion P I imagine her Friday afternoons are free from his espionage only beoanse he knows that no men ever come here before gas-light. He will appear with the lighting of the first jet.' ' Doubtless ! It is an ugly serpent in this pretty Eden.' ' She walks too rapidly. She lacks repose.' Then opportunity for further oritioism waB lost. Mrs Noroross was ooming towards thflm. followed hv a fpav.hpnrAP. RVia swooped down upou them smiling : You are neither eating nor drinking 1 This is abominable., ' No : we were gossiping, and about you.' 'About me P' She clasped two jewelled hands to her pink ears. The diamonds that flashed upon them were priceless family gems. ' It is the left one that burns. Yon were saying naughty things about me.' ' On the contrary. We were saying that Eugene was always a most fortunate man. Bat— Bennet is trying to catch yonr eye. He has a card there. One does not need sards to-day.' Mrs Noroross turned towards the butler, who was standing behind her extending a card and wearing his most impassive facial expression. She flushed nuder this im plication of social ignorance, and made no motion towards taking the oard : ' I am at home to all my friends to-day, Bennett.' 'This is not a friend, madam. It is a person.' ' Then I am not at home to her ' ' She insists upon seeing you. She would not go. She has written something on the oard. I have shown her into Mr Noroross's study.' Mrs Nonorosa lifted the oard from the salver, it was oue of the sort Bennet always kept in the drawer of the hall raok for emergencies. There was nothing written on it but a name : Nora.' A slight tremor, as slight as the waving of a willow wand when a rude wind shakes it suddenly, passed through her frame, . leaving her oolor a shade fainter, and her voioe a trifle less resonant in Hb gay clear tones : ' Presently.' SSo waved Bennett oat of her presenoe with that one softly-spoken word, and onoe more gave her exolnsive attention to Mr Noroross's relatives. She had a favor to ask of both of them : ' Wonld dear Mrs Delany oome to her on next Monday and dine en famille P She and Engene oould not agree npon the looation of the conservatory. They needed an empire. Engene was positively autooratio.' 1 And wonld dear Mrs Noroross make one at the theatre- party she was getting np for living's first night ?' Then, with joyona thanks, and an adien waved from the tips of her pearl- stioked ostrich-feather fan, she turned from them flashing and smiling, and, gradually making her way to the velvet portiere that separated the parlors from the rear of the honBe, she disappeared behind them. ' Wonderful !' Mrs Delany exolaimed, in tones of genuine admiration, as the velvet draperies fell softly together onoe more, shutting oat the radiant vision. 'Amelia's self- control. The card that Bennett bronght her agitated her exoessively. She had twisted it into a perfect oorksorew before yon had made up yonr mind about the theatre-party. The person is noc wel come.' ' That, at least, goes to prove that Eugene did not marry a provincial.' I yield that point. But one would like to know a little something of the anteoedents of one's own brother's wife.' If it had been Mrs Delany's privilege to go with her sister-in-law into the presenoe of the person who was patiently waiting in the stndy, her oorioeity might have been amply if not agreeably satisfied on the soore of anteoedents. It was John Lorimer's wife who sat there waiting for the tardy ooming ot her sister Amelia, Ninette's mother. As the radiant yonng thing who had just successfully ran the gauntlet of several soore of critical eyes flitted into the dimmer region of Mr Nor- orossjs stady, Nora stood up confused and bewildered. They kissed eaoh other, and they eaoh otner ' Norrie' and 'Mellie, but, even as their embracing arms fell apart, the look of pain and bewilderment deepening on Mrs Lorimer's face, she recognized that she was looking at her sister over a yawning abyss. I don't understand at all, Amelia 1 1 have been trying to find yon for a month. When I heard that yon were Mrs Eugene Noroross, I grew more utterly bewildered than ever. What does it mean P Yon can not— have ' 'My letter was explicit enough, heaven know b !' Mrs Noroross interrupted her rudely laughed nervously, and settled herself on the other end of Nora's sofa. ' Yonr letter P' Yes,— my letter, in whioh I told you the whole trnth. I thought it wonld be safest When I sent Ninette to yon and told yon I was going to Europe with that old woman as her paid companion, I told yon that I oonldnot take Ninette with me, beoanse it was only on the understanding that I had no tieB she wonld have me. She said she wanted no tear-shedding females about her Ton knew all that, before.' Well. Ithought no wsong of it, either.' ' But I did not tell you the whole truth, Nora. If that old woman had not been Engene Noroross's mother, and if he had not been going over with her, 1 never would have taken the position. It all turned out splendidly. The old lady died in Nice. I had seen none of her family, but her son on this side. I oame baok Mrs Eugene Nor oross. When I wrote you from Paris I was going on the stage, it was to prevent yon from hunting me np, ma chere. I knew yonr horror of stage people. One oannot hope to sccoeed in life, — succeed as I have — ' she glanoed comprehensively about her! — ' if one dare not finesse a little, even with one's own sister. Ab for the ohild, she was always mnoh fonder of yon than she wan of me. I wrote you a long letter three weeks ago. I told you in that letter that I did not mean Ninette should be a pecuniary burden to yon.' Nora put her hand to her head with a dis tracted gesture : I grow more bewildered at every word, Amelia. I never got yonr letter. I have heard from you but onoe since the day Celeste oame to me with yonr little giri, bringing the letter telling me yon were going to Europe as a companion. That once was when you wroto me you were going on the stage. I cried over that letter, Mellie, and I prayed so hard that yon might be kept pore and sweet.' _ Mrs Eugene Noroross smiled indnlgmtly : A rase, Norrie, my dear, but a necessary one. I knew your abhorrenoe of the stage, and I knew, or thonght I knew, that if yon : believed me to be on the stage yon wonld shun me as yon wonld a leper.' And you wanted me to shun yon P' 'Yes.' A cold, hard lock had oome into- the radiant yonng faoe. ' I, who have been mother and sister and teaoher ail in one to yon, .Mellie P I, who never wanted yon even to try to support yourself at type- writing P' Yes.' It oame monotonously from the full red lips whioh after eaoh utterance Mrs Noroross drew fieroely in nnder her gliotaninpr white teeth. Bat why P' I told you why in that letter.' ' Bat I never got the letter, I tell yon.' ' Then I will have to go over the whole hateful chapter onoe more. But not here. This is Mr Noroross's study, and he might oome in unexpectedly.' She got np, almost dragging her a»stor with her. ' Why should Mr Noroross not find me hereP Nora asked, resentfully. 'I have a right to oome to see my own sister, have I not, Amelia P, Amelia made an irritated motion with her pretty hands: I have so mnoh to tell yon, Nora, and the house is so foil of people. You m«st follow me. Some one might interrupt ns. ' She dropped her Bister's hands, and, sweeping rapidly forward, led the way, by a rear staircase, to the npper floor, never "nne pausing in her graoefnl siaaoas progress until they reaohed a small dressing -room, perfeot -in all appointments, through the open door of which she got a glimpse into a bedroom fitted up with still more Oriental splendor. 'Now! We are pafe !— quite safe! Engene never intrudes here. We oan talk oomfortably.' She pnshed Nora Into an easy ohair, and, seating herself oIobo beside her, began nervously : ' I am sorry you failed to get that letter. It would have saved you this t-ip.' ' No. I oame to the oity independently of any expectation of seeing you. I had be lieved yon were on the stage. I had given yon np for dead. I placed the child where its proper protectors would be obliged to oare for it, and then— then But I did not oome here to talk about myself. TMI me all that yon have kept from mo so long, I Amelia.' (To be ooutinued.) . 