ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. THE QUEEN'S BOUDOIR. (Overheard by Hugh Kalyiitus.) llcr Majesty, having quite recovered j'rom the loss of Honest Torn Play ford,..who had got almost into as great favour as the late lamented John Brown, whose kilts he endeavoured to fill, was seated in Her bou doir darning Albert Edward's stockings, and teaching Dr. Ccckbum how to polish the Royal Crown with chamois leather. "Marry, come up, my gentle C'ockburn, an' tbou dost put the elbow grease into that crown passing well, but thou hast not the brawn, and bigness ol' our Honest Tom, neither dost thou wear the kilt so impos ingly, for by the bones of Beckett, he was a proper man, and a. huge withai, albeit somewhat elephantine in his movements. He did once [read upon Wales's corn, and Wales did swear in our royal presence. But thou art assured of our favour, for art thou not a Scotchman?'' "'Deed, an' your Majesty, 1 am; but boo did ye ken that that 1 wasna English, for bye?" "l'rithee, man, talk in English, for by my ■halidnme, your Scotch savouroth muchly oi the north of the T'orrens. Mow, tell me how belraveth my headstrong but loyal subject. Charles Cameron Kingston; keep eth'he still the stiff upper lip, and oppres sed h he still our'Australian subjects with a hand like Hie hand of Magog? By my faith, we did feel much relief when he did leave our shores, and we know that Salis bury breathed more freely, for he hath the ambition of a WolseJey and the obstinacy of a Kruger." Dr. Cockburn confusedly blew his nose in the chamois leather as lie knelt oil the floor, and said, "An' it please your Majesty, lie hath advanced in some respects, for lie informed my friend Kalyptus that liis eali graph.v had so improved that lie can vend bis own handwriting now, but liis politics are still of the Croiiiwellian older. _ He sailh in effect, 'There is no Boss but King ston, and Holder is his Prophet.' " "So! marry, but 'tis a, masterful mail. "We like such sixteen thousand miles away. How farelh the. Hospital trouble?'' "J fear me, my liege, that 'tis but smoul dering. Kingston's advice to Napier and Ramsay .Smith was 'Bank ycur lires and go slow.' " "Hath he docile Ministers?" "Your Majesty, he hath; and, moreover, the Kingston Ministry have had the dev Pardon me, my- Eiege, I mean the-deil's own luck, as John Brown , was won't to say." And Cockburn, blushing, wiped his per spiring brow with the chamois leather. Her Majesty frowned, and (menacing him with the sceptre which lay beside her) said, "John Brown always swore in Gaelic; -an' thou offend.est like that again, I will score thee o'er the costard with this mine sceptre, (.'lean thou ip." Cockburn took the sceptre, and abstract edly poked the fire with it. "How makest thou out that the Kingston Ministry have had the luck?" 'An' it please your Gracious, millionaires and other men of substance have been dying like sheep during their term of office, and the probate and succession duties have been enormous." "Then, 'tis a wealthy Cabinet?" "Nay, my Liege, 'tis over head and ears in debt, nothwitkstanding that they- count out Hie pens, paper, and pins to the Civil servants, sack seven or eight every day, and make one man do the work of three." . "By the ghost of Shylock, but 'tis passing strange; how comes it they save not?" "So, please your Grace, when they do abolish one department, they create ano ther; and what they make in probates the,* spend in lawsuits." And Coekbum again poked up the fire with the sceptre, whereupon Her Majesty called him a. clumsy loon, and commanded him to dance a Highland fling to see how Tom Playford's kilts sat on him. The philar beg came down to his shins, and the kilt hung like a shirt on a handspike; hut Cock burn's iirepressible good humour and desire to please mollified Her Majesty, who said, "Thou hast doim passing well; thou art dis missed; go to Wales for a cigar, and.see us t<;-moiTOw." 