Mrs. Langtry. By Herself. In the story of her youth, written for that marvellously interesting paper of Mr. T.P. O'Connor's, "M. A. P.," Mrs. Langtry re-<*> calls some amusing anecdotes of her early days in Jersey, where her fattier was Dean. She was one of seven children, and fhe only girl of the family, and had, as sfee puts it, to take up hir pas.t on on tihe '* tat'tlefieltl of sport" with six robust and athletic broth ers, wild creaturei, full of animal {-xurtts and the love of mischief. "To this very day," says Mrs. Langtry, " I shudder at tho thoughts of Uhe kick3 I received a>t fcot<ball, ■the dangeuous position of wicket-keeper I was invaria/bly lorced into at cricket, and fhe blows on tue nose that made my mother insist upon my giving up boxing, much to 'the disgust of my brothers,* who were dtoius their best, &a; tftiey pioudly observed, 'to make a man* of me. " Amongst other wild pranks, I remember, they conceived the idea at sending my young est brother and myself, mounted en stilts, enveloped in sheets, with phosphorus paint smeared on our laces and hands, to patrol the ancient churchyard, adjoining tho dean ery paddocks, at (ha witching hour of mid night. Our dbject was to fill belated Is landers with dread, and to such an extent did we succeed that letters were written to the local newspapers, threatening to shoot anything in the neighbourhood that looked like a ghost. " Anoiher freak of curs was the annexation or exchange of dcor-knockers. I am ashamed to state that I have walked for miles with my upheld skirts filled with these useful and decorative articles, with the sole object of giving them a change of air." Mrs. Langtry declares that she always loved hordes, and her ep:r.lng career began at the early age of 11, when she became part-owner of a bay mare, Flirt, of " uncer tain age and very uncertain fore legs," who won a race worth £30. Then came the day when Lily Le Brc« ton, after a healthy, free, unconscious girl« hood, sailed away into the great world, the second wife of Mr. Langtry. " I was not a prophetess in my own country/i she writes. " I had never been spoken of or spoken to of having any attractions airove ttoe com mon. Once only was I paid a compliment before I left the island. " You will judge, then, of the curiosity, excitement, the mingled surprise and grati fication with which 1 began to find, on a visit I paid to London, that people showed some anxiety to meet me. It all cane upon me suddenly, and without the least expectation, or much less searching, on my part. I was just a month In London when It I)egan. The first time 1 became con scious of thus attracting attention was nt an evening party at Lady Seforight'g. When I got there, I found that people seemed anxious to speak to me, and that several distinguished mm and women were introduced to me. I could only think at the time that London people were extremely polite and good-naitured, and that I was lucky in finding such kind friends. .Then came invitation on invitation ; then paragraphs in the newspapers ; and in start, with much surprise and a&to; ab!shmcnt, and witlh certainly a good deal less reason, I awoke one morning, like Bynon, and found myself, if not famous, a+. least a good deal noticed. Then came a period of what I may perhaps call immense social success, wind ing up with a scene at a Drawing Room in Buckingham Ralace, when a greait lady showed her interest In me—(but that is an otiher story. Suffice it to fay thalt I found" that even in the most exalted charters my poor name and fame had excited curh»ity, if not interest." 