BAPTIST UNION. HALF-YEARLY MEETINGS AT AUBURN. THE CHURCH'S OUTLOOK. VIGOROUS ADDRESS BY THE PRESIDENT. The half-yearly meetings of the Baptist Union of New South Wales were commenced yesterday at Auburn. There was a good attendance of ministers and delegates frhm the city, suburban, and country churches, and the programme of meetings was carried out with much hearti- ness ana success. l»uncneon ana tea were proviaeu m me Town-hall by the ladies of the Auburn church, and their hospitality was greatly appreciated by the visitors. The meetings were held in the Baptist CTiurch. The President of the Union (the Ilev. F. E. Harry) was tional service, presided over by Mr. Thomas Pepper. A conference followed on the subject of the "Union of the Believers with Christ." In this connection the Rev. W. Taylor read an exhaustive and somewhat polemical paper on "lis Doctrinal Aspect." This was followed by a. suggestive and helpful paper on "Its Practical Experi ence," by The Rev. Samuel Harrison (Asldield). In the discussion which ensued, brief addresses were delivered by the Revs. It. J. Middletou (.Carlton), P. E. llarry, and others. In the afternoon an open-air service wag held in the grounds of Mr. J. R. Gibbons (Mayor of Auburn), kinulv lent for the occasion. The prcsideut of the union (the ltcv. F. E. Harry) was iu charge, Sir. William White (Stanmore) conducted the singing, aud stirring evangel istic addresses were given by the Revs. W. Phillips (Woollahra), C. J. W. Moon (Burton-street Tabernacle), and Mr. Field (Marrickville). After tea a short devo tional service was conducted by the Rev. J. C. Martin (Parramatra). A public meeting followed. The President of the union (the Rev. F. E. Harry) was in the chair, and delivered a powerful address on "The Church's Outlook and Opportunity." No worldly gatherings, political or social, ho observed at the outset, could compare with the conferences of Christian men and women, for they were emancipated irorn political rancour and party strife, from petty jealousies and social gossip. He hoped it was true oi thctu that "Sweetly do we all agree, touched with soitesi sympathy," even though they agreed to differ. The religious outlook to him was very hopeful, despite the fact that there was a remarkable revival of paganism among the people of this land. He had scanned most carefully the recent reports of work in all denomina tions, and he had not read a desponding line or marked a despairing word. (Applause.) The twentieth con- tury, whose portals most of them hoped to enter, would witness marvellous triumphs of the Cross, and, it might be, the dawn of the millenium. Eager eyes were looking, loyal hand9 were working, and loving hearts were yearning for the coining of the King, whose glorious advent would startle them with Its gracious, winning pfcwer. lie was not unmindful of the fact that the spirit of the day was one of hopelessness. They could de tect the deep uudertone of sadness in their newspaper articles, conversation, books, and sermons. The in tense struggle for wealth, the eager pursuit of fame and power, the necessary battle of the poor for bread, the dreary disappointments, cruel reverses and sorrows many had to face, were some of the causes of the general de pression. Go where they would, sad nlaints reached their ears and touched their sympathetic hearts. Amid the varied and wanton pleasures of modern social life, with its gambling, frivolity, and impurity, there was u deep unrest and dissatisfaction. Liie was lightly es-1 teemed, morals were a variable quantity, dependent upon the individual taste and mood. The line of de marcation between the Church and the world, never very clear 'iince the days of persecution, was becoming more, distinct, for the dreary hopelessness of the Christ- less multitude only brought into bolder outline the sunny optimism of the Christian believer. (Applause.) The outlook was inspiring, because the trend of recent thought was distinctly in favor of Christianity. It was possible that, as Baptists, they had allowed their reading and inquiry to be too restricted in this age of wide cub ture and literary activity. Christian men too often ig nored the. products of extra- Christian thought. They might get into grooves which became graves us easily as;other people, and It was possible that their Master was- calling them/ to a wider outlook and a more com prehensive study of contemporary thought Despite the statements of those iufellible vouiiis who railed against Christianity at street corners, ?onvn,c<: the world of their omniscience, th» mac and learned of the earth had been glad InAr - L i t iT . Oinst. It was not a sign of supe- riorit> of or a mark of genius, to attack the truths of the Christian religion. More often ic wag a j 9?. a heart. Faith was a necessity of their daily life. Men of thought and action were finding their truest -inspiration and strength in what Christ could im part. ; The. outlook was inspiring, because of the in creased and, general study of the Scriptures. Baptists could not regret that. It would bring no calamity upon thera, whilst it more careful study of the Word of God might Wreck many of the human traditions and tin- scriptural practices of other equally conscientious Chris tians. The outlook was nlso inspiring, because of the clearer view of Christ which this age bud given them Friends and foes, critics and learners had studied that life of late. No life fascinated them like Christ's. After all, ideas incarnated were what thev needed. Christ was unique. lie was not like other men, and vet He touched them at every point of their humanity, "except ain. "Even the Jews were turning to Tlim. They called Him "that unexampled Rabbi." The dav was rich in opportunity. Their task was high anil holy. Let them preach conviction. Was their message the product of toil, of the sweat of mind and heart? Had they looked into the face of God before appearing in front of their people? A congregation might graciously influence a minister, but the Holy Ghost made hini. Saints were the need of their time— not the saints of stained-glass windows, not the saints of the Romish calendar, but the saints of their common life. There were saints in Caesar's household — not of the type who stood upon pillars or secreted themselves in holes of the mountains, but saints who had to work for their living, who got tired and cross (should he say it?) and peevish, and who blundered often and deplored their weaknesses. The marvclloug sale of Sheldon's books was a proof to hini that people were profoundly dissatisfied with their present witness for Christ— ("Hear, hear"— and he was profoundly hope- ful that the coming generation would behold a more sincere and thorough-going type of saintltacas. A joyous Christianity was demanded. Thank God. there were many signs of revival in all their Churches. Only let ministers and members all get the true equipment by waitror upon God for His hallowed gift. (Applause.) Addresses were further delivered by Mr. Charles Lane (Ashficldj and the Rev. Dr. Porter (Petersham/ Dunns thq evening; the choir of the Auburn Church (under Mr. W. Clay) rendered two inthema. and the Rev. J. C. Martin ®ng a eolo. The meetings will be continued to-day. 