CURRENT TOPICS. The Works Committee should not have much difficulty In arriving at a decision on the proposed Glebe Island Improvements. The complete Bcheme of Improvements projected there will give us 6350ft. of new wharfage, wmcn, juuiciouBiy leased, win prouauiy re turn four per cent. Interest on the total cost of the scheme. But that Is not all the ad vantage that will be gained. There will, when the island Is levelled down, be 23 acres fit land reclaimed. Twenty-three acres right alongside 6350ft. of deep water wharves. It is rather difficult to estimate the value of that just now, but, in the Interests of posterity, it may be hoped, that the Government will rather seek; toijiease than sell It. It might, In a not remote. future, approximate the value which now attuohes to frontages alongside Circular Quay. Thirty-four acres of land on the Island now, and all above high water mark. Twenty-three more to be easily re claimed, and wharfage accommodation along side to accommodate ten of our biggest cargo steamships. And,, so far, It has only served the purpose of a slaughter-house, which hus properly been regarded as a public nuisance. A good case for strict inquiry was made out by the laundry proprietors who waited upon Mr. Perry last evening. It appears that Chinese laundry owners evade the Factories Act by subdividing their premises Into omall establishments of two or three , hands each, and thus escape the provisions of the Act. But the subdivision is more apparent than real, as the minor establishments In many cases constitute one business. A somewhat similar grievance against the Chinese Is now and again voiced by the furniture trade, .which has long been agitating for the better supervision of Chinese factories. On fair terms the white man can manage to make some neaaway against Chinese competition, notwithstanding the low rate of living to which the Mongolian is accustomed, but with regulative laws which the Chinese contrive to evade the case is different. The white man In the latter case must go to the wall, which Is bad enough In view of the fact that his collapse is due to the enforcement of laws expressly designed for his benefit. Mr. Lyne does not see why transfers should not be granted on our trams, as in Melbourne, nnd, let It he said, as elsewhere. Melbourne did not by any meanB initiate this system of transfers. It Is In force In America, and In England; but, like many other things of world-wide use and convenience, meets with a departmental non-possumus in New South Wales; The Commissioners can't see their way to arrange It. In this as In some other matterB the Commissioners want spectacles badly. But there is a good deal of the old blackfeilow about our Commissioners. He couldn't see a track for the life of him for an hour and more, and in the end of things had himself to furnish a reason, "Boss, put bit o' white money down, dessay see good deal then." The bits of white money tell In the Commissioners' yearly balance-sheet, the transfers do not. But did not that balance show heavily on the right Bide last year, and is It not probable that it will be still better in the year now running? And Is it more rea sonable under such circumstances to Increase conveniences than to build up profits? As to the difficulties in the way, we can only repeat that what is done without complaint elsewhere ought not to be impossible here. The Educational Commission of Victoria, after some" months of hard work In all the colonies, has furnished a report which con tains some very plain speaking on various important matters. We have nothing to do here with the strictures passed on varlouB high Victorian officials, but in the main re commendation we are directly concerned, arid should heartily concur. It is that a Council of Education should be appointed to adminis- ter the Act and supervise tne wnoie system. Such Investigation as has led to that conclu sion In Victoria would doubtlesB have a simi lar result here, for here, as there, we are all be-muddled and be-fogged in our educational work. We have no comprehensive system, no .thorough all-round control. The most im portant work- of the colony, admittedly the most Important work any State or any na tion has to deal with, is in the hands of va rious bodies, not one of which is supreme, and ns a consequence we waste energy, and probably hard cash, too, in every direction, and achieve generally unsatisfactory results. Our University, which should he a thinking, devising, planning head, is practically apart from our general system, utterly apart In the way of control; and even our technical branch has no direct connection with our State schools. Possibly this Is the one mat ter on which a Royal Commission Is urgently needed In the colony. The fact that "immense enthusiasm" was displayed when the German Emperor left England on 29th ult.; may be taken two ways— either that the English were glad to be rid of him (he has never previously been per sona grata with the masses), or that the Eng lish have begun to look upon Germany as an ally. The latter seemB the more probable, as it certainly is the more agreeable solution. It Ib nil very well for the disreputable Journals of France to clamour for a French, German, and Russian alliance, with the view of "put ting down" England, but the German Empe ror, whatever his foibles may be, Is far too shrewd to be caught with any such cTiaff as that. How long after such a coalition, should It succeed In its object, would It be before' France was demanding, probably back ed by Russia, the return of Alsace and Lor raine, and some of the millions paid by her to Germany after the Franco-Prussian War? No doubt many Germans would be willing enough to out England's comb; but they are a mighty sensible folk In the main are the Teutons, and can for long be Batlslled with grabbing as much of England's commerce as the practice of the besotted gospel according to Cobden tlirowB In their way. The decision of the Public Works Commit tee, as to the locking of the Darling River docs not seem to be very well' based. The Committee are against the proposal, for three main reasons; first, that a permanently navig able rlyer would not feed our railways;.. se cond, that it would not render irrigation on a large scale possible; and third, the work may very well be left to Federal enterprise. As regurds the first, it Burely did not require any investigation by the WorkB Committee to establish the fact that such a canalised river as was projected could not feed our railways. Its solo purpose was to give relief nnd assist ance to the dismal country; through which It would run. And about that relief there can be no serious doubt. It would become a per manent highway, and It would also enable all use possible to be got out of the ordinary and the flood waters. It would not make meadows of all the Darling flats, but It would enable every station with a frontage to grow and preserve more forage than they will ever bring down by rail. As to the Federal Idea, It Is much to .be feared that trainsfers the whole business to the next generation. — "Pity the sorrows of the poor millionaire!" That was . the sorrowful cry of Vanderbllt, and many other plutocrats, who discovered, when too late, that wealth can never abso lutely command good health and happiness, the greatest blesBings this world can ever hold. "What Is the use of my riches to me?" moaned a Chicugo Croesus. "All I own is for the accommodation of others. One of my workmen lias just gone past my window, whistling merrily as he trudged to his daily toll. He draws £2 a week, and seems thank ful for It. I own thirty millions. That let out at 4 per cent, would yield £3287 u day, Including Sundays. And -I have never whistled since I was a boy!" So much for the troubles of the. millionaire's mind, To day we find his stomach Is being swindled, for several Melbourne grocers have just been flntd for selling "baby" bottles of champagne which were several tots short of their pro per measure. When a cry Is raised that the "colonial'' of the "poor worrukln' man" Is adulterated, the heavens ring with shouts of Indignation, When we hear that the "baby buttle" of the cham. served to Dives is short of measure the cruel, unfeeling world merely laughs. We, wonderful to relate, are threatened with an almost Immediate eruption of the George-street tram. It 1b to be feared that In ithe earlier days of its running there may be some sacrifice of human life. People have been so long accustomed to crossing the rails In George-street that they have begun to regard the Advent of real, live trams cap able of running, over and smashing them as mythical. The public Bhould, therefore, at once rearrange all Its Ideas and customs con cerning the crossing of the street named. There Is another danger Iu connection with the George-street tram, which so far seems to have escaped comment. We allude to the raised, oval foundations upon which the iron pillars stand. If, crowded for want of space, the wheel of a heavily- laden vehicle, suy a crowded 'bus, were to catch one of these obstructions a capsize would be Inevit able. Of Ah Joe at Bourke It may probably be said that nothing In his life teseemed him so well as the manner of his death. Ah Joe was a Chinaman who had prospered in that torrid Bourke, and when it became plain to biin that ha must die determined that his obsequies should not be of a sort not to Increase the doldrums which naturally accompany 110 in the shade. He does not seem to have cared much about the feeding of his ghost, this practical Ah Joe, nor to have had any holy dread of either a Confucian or a Chrlstlun. hereafter. He 'hail lived too long in Bourke, Been too many sum mers there, to care much about anything, which might happen by-and-bye. Aud so, when tills summer's fire began to glow, and It was borne in on him that he would expire under It, he sat down and made his will, and being In affluent circumstances devised a sum of money for a band to play lively tunes on the road to the grave. Yesterday that road was taken by Ah Joe, and the band played, and the godly people of the city were shocked doubtless. And yet, all things considered, It may have been preferable to "tearing the sowls out of us with the 'Dead March,' " as Private Mulvaney puts It. Mrs, Yates, once Mayoress of Onehunga, N.Z., has again tempted the fickle jade For tune in the same direction, and has been bad ly left, having been beaten by two to one. The majority of the potent, grave, and reverend fc ignore In that borough win probfibly endure this tribulation with great Christian patience, for the good lady did by no means make her self popular during her former tenure of olllce, nor was her administration marked h.v any of the splendid reforms she had so lavish ly threatened. There are reasons for suppos ing, however, that she turned several councll- I rs grey, and others, already of that tint, she made bald. She, nevertheless, essayed all problems with that Impenetrable gravity nnd an utter Indifference to consequences which are the distinguishing characteristics of the New Zealand female who essays public life In any form. The political woman in that colony has hardly been a success, and when her por trait Is attentively and prayerfully considered one can hardly wonder at her failure to con vert the average man to her views. The Tuberculosis Board Is dead, and the public has no more Interest In all that the president enumerates of what might be done If only the new year might be entered on. "Additional evidence obtained" (since the two Interim reports) "opens up much new ground relating to the difference between pathogenic and- non-pathogenic ticks, dipping, Inoculation, tick worry, whether the Indigen ous New South Wales tick Is capable of ac quiring the parasite from inoculated or fe vered animals, and transmitting the disease through Its progeny, and other points of paramount- Importance." We can hardly suppose that Mr. See cared to read much be yond that, for If ground of that sort la really to be opened up the coming century would probably he required for Its proper survey. It Is serious business discussing the difference between pathogenic and non- pathogenic ticks, easy enough, may be, to Mr. Sydney Smith, but to the man of ordinary Intellect Intricate as repellant. And the Premier, tak ing his place amongst ordinary men, said once again he could have no more of It. The pay did not matter. It was the new ground opened up which convinced him. Eternity would not more than suffice for the explora tion which would be possible there. The gigantic Intellects of some of our le gislative rulers have been considerably exer cised of late concerning the quality of the fish said to have been caught In tlie vicinity of the Bondl sewer, and at one time It was fear ed that an epidemic of Icthyosis, or "flBh- skln." disease, or even a civil war, might break out at any moment. Luckily, however, all fears have been set at rest by the Depart ment of Public Health pronouncing the glad fact that certain fish submitted to its sense of taste and its sense of smell were as sound and sweet as though they had been caught fifty miles away from the dreaded sewer— as, indeed, moBt of the fiBh sold on the Bondl beach really , are. If our needlessly alarmed M.'sP. had taken a free ride. In, Eay, the 2.17 tram for Bondi beach they might have no ticed a silent man (Beveral silent men, per haps), who jealouBly guarded a covered bas ket planted well underneath the seat he Bat on. That was the "Lone Fisherman" of Bondl, and tie was quietly taking cut the finny treasures he intended to catch — or at any rate to clean, and sell on , the beach. There's roguery in all trades — the politician's, of course, excepted, 