[?] Tlie political Idea of Hades is that it Is u place where Ministers for their slus sit: continually receiving never ending deputa tions of the unemployed. An tincmplovcd deputation Is most trying to the Ministerial . . mind, since It represents a body of men who. being hard up and without prospects, feel- .- they hnvc nothing whatever to be gratetal - .fi for; no matter what the Goveruuient may - have done for tlie country nt largo..' "If -It bu : not fair to mo, what care i how fair It bo!-' Is tlie mental attitude of tlio unemployed to- - : wards tho Ministry, so there uro explosions .' when tlic men and tbo Ministers -come to- fi.-- gether. Tho meii'declnr'o the Ministers could i ..t do more if they '.would, hnii the most favor able thing the latter, can-say Is thnt they would do more If they could. Both sides are , , deserving of sympathy, but It must be nd- mlttcd tlrnt the Government employBW llttlofi: . too much of circumlocution In connection - ' - : with projected State -works for very hungry.-. men in pursuit of a menl. Sydney's excitement Is growing, and tlic hatred of Melbourne Is blown Into fiuuic by > tlie fierce oratory of a fcw!of the most vigor-1'- ous of the enbmlcs of union; The woes thnt- - are to fall upon the mother metropolis -In-. ; the event, of Melbourne enjoying tho tliroei - years' boom grow more harrowing nnd horrible with every speech; and It la nd strange, perhaps, that It never occurs to- the speakers to mention what wilt happen to Melbourne should Sydney's federal hopes be reullsed, and the Commonwealth capital he established on the shores of the beautiful linrhnr. The opposition to the 100 miles limit Is as fiery as the animus against Mel bourne. They would not be content up there even if Sydney were to hnvc the capi tal after Melbourne bus had her three years of glory. "Three years!" howls one. fanati cal Sydney Importer; "wlmt'll lie tho good of offering us the capital after thnt three years? Why, there won't be any Sydney, then!" The Australian Natives' Association nrt union Is finding many enemies In the ranks of that body, nnd tlio opponents of the "little gnmblc" display quite nn cxcchs of warmth. Reasons why the nrt union should not be continued are very numerous, nnd cover all the ground. The gamble Is bad for the morals of the Individual nnd the reputn- tion of tho State; It Is contrary lo taw, and opposed to religion, and encourages the Aus tralian native In his pet weakness for risk ing his last shilling or his last shirt In some game of chance. But no more honest reason lias yet been advanced than thnt of the shining light of a suburban branch, who has suddenly become tho fiercest opponent of the art union. Asked why lie had changed Ida vlewB, he blurted out, "Oh, It's Immoral, don't you know. Besides, I'm hanged If I haven't bad 20 or 30 tickets lu the blessed thing every year, and never won a -single bloomlug bn'porthl" ' An Impromptu discussion on a populat question nroso at one sitting of the Wesleyaii Conference last week. The subject wns the extraordinary natural law that Impels a man an honest, high minded, respectable man — to unconsciously take the brand new silk hat that hangs next to bis somewhat shabby, well worn belltopper on n crowded rack. This law operates even In n congregation of clergymen, and It -was pleasant to note that the Wesleyan Oonfercaee recognised the In- evltableness of. tbe thing, and dlscusscd.lt more in sorrow than In anger. All tlie same, ,» man should he very careful In tlils matter; not that It hurts him to get a very good hat for a shocking hail one, hut the exchange, although, no robbery, leaves him open to lilting remarks. For Instance, n member of the Adelaide Assembly, Interrupted by . a political -foe last session, said scornfully, "The hon. member's head cannot contain tuy Ideas." "No," yelled the other trium phantly, "but I notice my hat, which you are wearing, Is a trlllo too large for them." TRe failure of tlie Agricultural department to get students for Its Vltlculturar College has the warm sympathy of Mr. Denis O'Brien. He is a fellow sufferer... Mr. O'Brien was a member of. the local agricul tural society, and he had listened to a fervid lecture on the need for training city boys to farm. "There were lots of city people willing to pay premiums to have their chil dren taught," the lecturer snld, and Mr. . . O'Brien made Inquiries. IVlicn he went home lie gave all his milkers notice, much to the annoyance of Mrs. O'Brleu and the girls. "X know what I knows," he said. At the cud of the week sonic "students" appeared. Before this Mr. O'Brien took his turn nt the balls, but now lie dressed in his Sunday clothes, and "supervised." Oii the lirst Sat urday night Mr. O'Brien had two Interviews. .The city boys said, 'twiicri. we learn all these things, what will .we be!" "I dunno," said O'Brien. "Perhiips ye'll be able to get a job , somewhere"; and Mrsij O'Brien said, "Denis hav' ye counted' up .'liow much ye'll get from those boys?'-' --"I have," lie said. "And have ye . ymuoii. -yo lose through the eowsj Ueliig- half milked?" "I have not," lie said, lint' tlie'monthiy re turns did It for .him?" and now O'Brien Is looking ont for .nillkers,;- :ind the lecturer too. ' ' ' " The burden of Professor, Kernel's attack on tbo technical, ..exninliiliig of.. the. Educa tion department Is ; thntj;rf sympathy. .Study- these fuels uiuldoelde for yourself wdiettier "tliy.., sympathy, h'lve years ago' 'tliedcpartincnt retired the . only. Inspector., that. had any. 'lmowic(lgq>f..'tcciiiiI?8aie jiuf.nt'puce" engaged him to look, 'after; i hetsuhjeets?! nink-; Ing uii He since has &d;lCMth'%ap,hii:;ihc.tV.; pay. The dciKU'linent'iniikesa' saving J bc-- causc the pension ds. paid-out-of the mixed appropriations,.'! and , not. out-. of jtho. "esti mates." The public makosvino ' saving;, -lmt . that Is a .detail.'/; Quite a number otdndy. opcra.tors-.arc. now- wielding the ftu-cepshiiii'-Melbpiiriiemnnd suburbs, atul. one fe'nmle. 'dentist rwh'p;;lms been In active pursuit- of .the- profession; for tome time gives. I lie .only good-treason? slie has yet heard lulYnncod'Vvhy' woiiioii : should not follow r'AVgen-' tleinnu called, ai 'henhiiRband!& n tooth oxtracledr.uiid. 'hBiVthw'dchjiist'xvns'' not available, hlSjrWlfe.' j a - diil.\' :. qualified . stump extractor; offer<®.to;perfprut ration. : -The; patient; luishl;topthwimdii; n state of, vlolentriii'surreetlpn,- some piayfiil -.yguiuontiin bq1£ to the . embraces ofeilict opm The lady . secured; ygqq gfip on the" molar; tliere wap- a brief." ' fierce . Struggle,, and 'the;, .'piieiaiipr , hraii'dlshed'-Ttiie tooth, In t rluniiib, -yvbllstj th'icn£.iic<biil' madly round -tlie.iodiii? : \vlldly..,clasplijg ;iils: jnw.wlth both hands. t.'t<adanijV.:pbfl6d- ''you asked, mq, just; uow;;'wh!.a;'?wmnaiV should hot be a d«hU6jtJ'I,'ili;iloi£. Because, madam.. ;uo gcntleiuah. Pun f al|oW himself the luxury of- striking a member of your sex!" ' 1 T"" The sea serpent boom In Sydney brings up the story of n real sea serpent 'captured tit lYYurriiambool Borne years ago. The lucky discoverer was an old . fisherman, ami lie made a great mystery of his fiud, allowing uo one to sec it, but talking so much about the extraordinary make and shape of the marine curiosity that the town presently wont wild with excitement, and the news spread and brought down a scientist or two. The old \--fisherman said his serpent laid n liend like a dog, and a long twisted horn-covered body, nnd when lie felt that his hour had arrived . he put the thing on exhibition, and drew a crowded house. Then the proprietor of the sea serpent placidly brought" out n pickle ' bottle. In wlileli was suspended some strange object, about tlie size of 1111 auglc worm; and, when the audience understood that that was the famous sea serpent, there was a revolt, and the exhibit was wrecked and other mis chief done. "I know It was little," walled the old man, "hut they're SO yards long when full grown, an' this was growing as fast as he could." ' Postmaster-General Duffy Is said to have received applications from sevcrul of the prettiest girls in Victoria for that American letter offering marriage to the recipient, and "I Imagine the Minister must have delivered the mjssive, as the following copy of a reply has found its way Into this office:—' "Dear sir, — I am In receipt of your letter addressed to the prettiest girl In Victoria, and am con sidering the offer It contains. As It happens we ore looking forward to the arrival of a young, handsome anil wealthy English Earl to govern one of- these provinces, and I feci It my boun'dcii duly us. a patriotic cltizcncss of the British Empire to give Ills Excellency the first chance. However, should my ex pectations In tlint direction not be realised, you will hour from m.e .by the curliest mull, and mny anticipate a favorable reply from one who mny yet he yours devotedly, M — — y K ; .' . There tins been n -few pretty large sharks knocking about in tbc Bay off tlie -shore at South Melbourne nnd Albert I'ark recently, pud considering the number of nice little fat lirowu babies tliat splash in the sou In- these places :tbc real matter for wonder Is that the sharks arc not much more numerous, and the children a great deal scnyeer. One day lost week nn old, grey, -wrinkled sport jvas sitting out on the end of a wooden drain that runs Into the sou near the Albert Park bnilisl. He was fishing,. and.' one foot dangled ilown'In the water. Presently there whs a. flash of something white hi; the green of the sea, and just as the solitary .fisherman realised that It was a shark his' foot, was struck by the nose of the hrntc. Tlion that old man came ashore, came along the drain ou all fours, white as a ghost, and shaking like nn aspen; and for half an hour after he sat on the sand,, nursing his right foot, every now and again examining. It curiously, ns If still uncertain that he had not lost a toe or two after all. ' ATTICtJS. 