HOW A POPE IS ELECTED. THE CARDINALS IN CONCLAVE. iPuritt ot Election Ensured. When the country is relieved from the excitement of war and elections the newspapers will resume their normal con ditions, and undoubtedly we shall have dispatches daily about the health of the Pope. The sapient foreign correspondents will predict about twenty times a month that his Holiness is dying, and will inform the world of the political intrigues for the selection of his successor. It may be well for Catholics to know beforehand how a modern Papal election is conducted. When the Pope dies the Cardinal Ca merlengo or Chamberlain assumes sove reign authority. He makes the offioial announcement of the death of the Pontiff; lie notifies foreign courts and absent Car dinals, and has the Fisherman's ring re moved from the finger of the deceased Pope. The Conclave for the election of a successor is convened by the Dean of the Sacred College. It is held, if possible, in Home, and generally about ten days after the death of the late Pope. The Cardi nals first assist at the Mass of the Holy Ghost in St. Peter's, and pray for light to select a wise ruler for the Church. Then they march in procession to the chapel of the palace in which the Conclave is to be held. Here a most solemn ceremony oocurs. Before the Blessed Sacrament exposed on the altar, the Cardinals swear that they shall faithfully observe all the rules go verning the election, and the officials pledge themselves to secrecy. Then they repair from the chapel to the Conclave room, where a reception of friends and foreigners of distinction is held. To wards evening all outsiders depart, and the most careful search is made that no intruder remains on the premises. There can be no communication with the outer world as long as the Conclave is in session. A kitchen is provided within the palace for the preparation of food for the Car dinals. Next morning tliey repair to the chapel, where the election takes place. A seat, with table and writing materials, is pre pared for each Cardinal. He takes one of the ballot sheets and writes on it his own name and the name of the person he would elect to the Chair of Peter. The ballot is as follows: "I, Cardinal , elect for Supreme Pontiff my Most Bev. Lord Cardinal ." The paper is folded and the Cardinal, ap proaching the high altar, kneels and re oites the following oath: "I call to witness Christ the Lord, Who will judge me that I elect him whom before God I judge ought to be elected; and which I shall make good in the accessus." The folded ballot is then dropped into a chalice on the altar. The scrutineers then count the votes with the utmost care. A two-third vote is required for election, and no one is allowed to vote for himself. Should there be no election by scrutiny, what is known as the accessus comes into operation. This is the giving of votes, which were given to another Cardinal in the scrutiny, to a candidate who may likely be successful. Here again the utmost care is taken that no one who has formerly cast his vote for this person in the scrutiny, be allowed vote in the aocessus. These proceedings are repeated Until a decision is arrived at. Three Catholic countries, France, Spain, and Austria, enjoy the privilege of pro testing against the election of a Cardinal who may he obnoxious to them. The pro test must be registered before the Con clave, and it is a barrier to the election of the Cardinal. This is the only'outside in fluence that can be brought to bear on the Conclave, and this privUege is but rarely exercised. It will thus be seen that a Pope is cho sen by the most sacred form of election. The Cardinals have only one considera tion in casting their votes—the good of the Church. Personal likings, national prejudices must not influence their choice. They swear before the Blessed Sacrament that they will only elect him whom before God they think should be elected. The reports then about intrigues in the Col lege of Cardinals, about the plottings of foreign representatives, are only the rav ings of sensational correspondents. 