HOW A BISHOP LAID A GHOST. I called one winter's day, writes the Bishop of Ballarat in the current number of the Fireside, while rector in a large parish of England, at the residence of a merchant-a new and extensive house, elaborately fitted with gas stoves and brackets and all recent appliances. Upon being shown into the dining-room, where all the family were assembled, I at once saw that something was wrong. Soon the story was told to me. There was a ghost. It was believed that a girl had been im- mured in the basement of the next house, which was in the course of construction. " Of course," I said, " you have communi- cated with the police ?" " Yes," was the reply, "anda policeman is on duty to try and get at her. But it is no good." The servants had all given notice, and nobody knew what to do about the ghost. I went down to where the noise seemed to come from, and, after returning, sug- gested that I should be allowed to control the family domestics and house for half an hour. Permission was granted. I then had a talk with two servauts. Afterwards, with the family, I went down to the cellar while the fearful groans were being uttered. "Avaunt," I cried, in a loud voice, "Abracadabra, I charge thee to abate these waitings." Slowly the noise died away. " Aldiborontophoscophormio !" I shouted again. " Chrononhotonthologos ! Now, raise thy voice as loud as thou canst raise it." Once more the groans waxed louder and louder, reaching such a climax that my companions turned to bolt, but a loud peal at the door-bell transited them with a sudden terror. Then his lordship explained. The horrible cries we're caused by the gas. A small piece of grit had got into the pipe, and the gas going over this had created the row, which, as the quantity tnrned on increased, grew in force. The servants had, at my request, first lowered all the lights, and, when I shouted the second time, turned all on full, producing th« distressing noise. The gasfitter soon re- moved the obstruction, and nothing more was heard of the ghost. 