? BIJOU THEATRE. At the Bijou Theatre on Saturday evening, in the presence of a fairly weil filled and en thusiastic house, what was advertised a; '"Girofle Tjr , Girofla" , . was produced by the . Kat: ,r pvvarde Opera. Compaq - best It was not tbe Performance of Leeot-q * charmm, . j™*®. h/L, v-^ ^ ^ i .lfv Adelaide. J lie orchestra v.as numerically v.-eak, but strong in volume. What little ohorus tilere- followed the exaaipie of t]ie band, and when the princii>a!= aided JU!<j abebted t lifm there vra= enough souiid to raise the roof. But, all the same, it was ,iot highly art-irtic. Still, the house enjoyed the performance, judging by tlie hearty apnlnuse. Mourzouk, the lloor, ilr. Arthur Hunter, looking very formidable in his i\i- diiuit robe?, and phosphoric-like eyes, troduced hin-scil' by singing the "i5edouiu love song.'" l'V.r this he was cncored. Paouil:), Miss Dorotiiy L'Kslraiige, mad. hit with "Only once more."' In the third act Miss Kate Howardc ^interpolated ; patriotic song, "The Kngii.-Ji-.sp taking race against the world,"' for which she was thrice encored. liut wliat would Lecocq have said to th olla juidrida. Still it pleased the audience, and the performers were satLsiicd. Miss \ ioler Utrtrain was successful as Giroiie Girofl.-i, and earned lieariv applause for her singing of "See how it sparkles."' Mr. Sydney Garden, as Marasouin. showtd a tendency to strain his vocal co:ds. Mr. llarry Craig was tliorou^'hiy sell'-ncix-;essed as Don lio.e'.o. lint his gagging and local wit wer too amazing. Miss Dorothy I.'lCstrang nude a lii.'glit little 1'atjuila; Mr. Arthur Hunter won approval as the Moor; Miss Minnie Shipp played part ot Aiii-ore, the wife of IJ.ilem, and Misn Katie l'oner ivo:i;i-.l hard as Pedro That is a remark thai applies to all the performer*—'they entered kilo their v/oji with any amouni oi spirit. ^ir. Orpheus M. MeAdoo'n Georgia Minstrels, a popular company t-f genuine coloured American ar.will open for a seven-night;' season at the Theatre lloyal on Saturday ne.vt. The cumpany Iil:ve brass band of twenty-eight performer which will parade the oily. The artists iiu-lude Mr. Gerard Miller and Miss Flora ISatsoi), the-inteipi-eteis oi operatic gem>: Ferry, the "human frog;" Messrs. Uilly Mc-L'ljiii. the "black buffalo" and originator of coon comedy; Willis Gauze, the male mezzo-soprano and female <-liaracteiartisi; C. W. Walker and Ida Walker, the king and queen of c-akewaikers; and 111". Oi'iilietis Jic.Vioo's celebrated male quartet. ill". Orpheus M. MeAdco, the proprietor and director of the eompany, will arrive by the Britannia this moiviing from the West, where the company nave been playing to large houses. A conceit, 111 aid of a widow and lier family, was given in the Rechabite Hail. T01k, on Friday. The hall was tilled to ovcrtioH'uig. standiug-room being at a premium. 1 he following ladies and gentlemen took part in the programme:—The Lloyd Sisters, -Miss Aniola. Messrs. E. J. Oaten. R. E. Oaten. A. Messenger, L. Humphris, T. O'Grady, .T. Hureh, and A. Ashby. The sketch "The Kilkenny Ghost," the characters being impersonated by Messrs. R. E. Oaten, A. Messenger, and L. Humphris, concluded the programme. Sir. Tom .lohusou piayed the accompaniments. The arrangements were carried out by the Secretary. Mr. H. Worley. K 