THE WOOING OF MONICA. (HY h. T. MEADE.) CHAPTER V.— (Continued.) "I don't ii now, sir, but these hnseless, hottomc lesa things, these 11 etuis of the pit, generally do come to grief somehow." "h'lndltty, what tin you mean?" Mordannt took a step forward, ami gutted Intently into mo. tie. votis fuco of tho little man hvforo hint. ")ou ltn -r better say nothing of Unit sort again." lio sat I "As I said a moment ago, there are better met n than you to step into your shoes. Think of >,.ui wlfo and children." "I do think of them, sir." "I shall come down to Claphnm Common fo pay you all a visit some. evening soon. l.lo btuo yon do your best. I3y tho way, your wife lcno.ws nothing of my true position?" "Nothing, sir." "Sho believes that you really are the head of this Ann?" "She Is very much puzzled ot my conslant want ot money hut film practically does bcliove It. The fact Is, I tell her very, very little about tho business." "Then that Is all right. Flndlay, It Is In my, power to inako you comfortable; to relieve your wife of all money worries. I want you to do mo a service." , Flndlay's faco hecamo hy no means elated at tills proposal. Me knew beforehand tho sort ot services which Robert Mordannt required. Ha stood and hesitated. "I often think," lie said, reflectively, "that " "What?" "Oh! nothing, sir, nothing. What is it you require?" "I shall not tell you to-day, nor for a littlo time: but there Is something which I slmil want you to do. and before very long. In tho mean time you havo too much work at this ofllco; t propose that you should he helped hy an cfllcicnt secretary." "Oh! indeed; but I think I can manage," said Ffndlny. Morilnuht held up his hand. "Nothing ot the sort; I know tho very man— an excellent, clever fellow, a barrister. Ho shall come hero anil assist you In your work. He is a steady fellow, like a rock; lie is Just tho very man I want. Besides, I am anxious to glvo him a leg up." "Oh! Indeed, sir." "I-Ie will probably bo hero next week, perhaps sooner. I am the last man to allow tho grass to grow under my feet. When ho comes, you qulto understand tho absolute and complete reticence which is required of yo'u?" "Naturally, Mr. Mordaunt." "If you let out even ono hint to Laurcnca Kinsley " "Good heavens!" said tho clork, stepping back and- turning white as death. "Kinsley? Did you say Kinsley, sir?" , "I did," replied Mordaunt. Ills words came ouli very slowly, and with marked emphasis. "What Is the matter with you?" "Oh, nothing, nothing." Flndlay took out a silk pocket-handkerchief, and wiped largo drops ot inoislnro from his brow. "It's all right, ot course, Mr. Mordaunt," he said. "Laurence Kins- icy, you said?" "Yes. What is at the hack of yohr head, man?" "Nothing." "Perhaps yon arc thinking of the poor fellow, Michael Kinsley, who lost his life ill Derbyshire throe years ago?" said Mordaunt, slowly. "Mr. Mordaunt. -you arc a wonderful man, sir. I did not say " "You were thinking of him, wero you not?" "It lust (lashed through my mind, sir, tho sama nuine, you underslund." "I may as well toll you at once that the young man who is to bo your secretary Is th.o son of that man." "Oh! good God! I cannot consent to having the son of Michael Kinsley as my sccretnry." "I know, Christopher, you naturally feel a littlo upset at' the moment, but you tvlll consent by to-morrow. You will go homo and think of your wife and children. In the meantime here Is u cheque for fifty pounds; buy your wlfo a present, a trinket; take her to tho theatre to-night; go home quickly, you need not waste any more tlmo now. What, you refuse that cheque?" "I — " Flndlay gazed at the cheque wlflch lay on the table as though It wero a serpent; then ha pulled it towards him and slipped it into his pocket. "Thank you, thank you, Mr. Mordaunt," ho said. Mordaunt gave a very gentle, very satirical smile. "I will wish you good-day,'! lie said, "for tho present. T shall ho hero early In tho morning. Eujoy yourself to-night,. Christopher, enjoy your self to-night." Mordaunt left tho room, went downstairs, and out Into the Btreet. As soon as ever ho was nlono, Christopher Flndlay pulled tho cheque out of his pocket. lie laid It down on tho table in front ot hlin, and gazed at ' It with, tho most terror- stricken face a man could wear. "Fifty pounds!" ho muttered to himself, "nnd we want the money sorely. It will pay tho Laker's and the butcher's -bill. That fiend In human shape, Robert Mordaunt, docs not suppose that I wlll buy Jewellery' with' It and tickets for tho theatre. ITo little knows the holo I. am In, and I dare not tell him'. I should bo Imprisoned; j I should pass th.e rest of my llfo in penal servi tude If all wero known. Why did I ever, ever enter into tho service of such a; dovll? But t did, and I am fast in his clutches now. God la heaven havo mercy upon. me. What is tills fresh movo? Why does lio want to bring that young man here? The son — tho son of the man he mur dered. How can he bring him hero? How 'darn ho do It? And I— am to bo his tool. But havo I not been his tool from, the very first, from that moment when in an ovll hour I asked him to lend mo live pounds and; bo consented1? Ever slnco then I have been steeped deeper anil deeper lit misery. The wito and tho innocent chlldron. they know nothing. Did they , know, it would kill thom — It would at. least kill th.o wife. Why Is my hair white? Why Is my back bent? Why am I an old man, and not fifty yot? Bocause of Robert Mordaunt. Oh, why was X ever born! And I daro not refuso him. He has somo movo In his head which Is deeper and uioro infamous than anything ho has yot done. IIo murdered Michael Kinsley. I was the. tool, th.o cat's-paw; ho was the lnsLlgator, I tho one who did tho deed. Ho has always sheltered himself behind others; that is whore his devilish ingenuity comes in. And now the son of the murdered man is to coma here. Why, tho ghost of tlid man' who was hur ried Into his gravo will visit mo. X shall ho liauntod— but X am h,auntcd already. I am ibo most miserable human bolng on God's earth." CHAPTER VI.— A PIECE OF NEWS. Monica was homo early that afternoon. She went up to her room, sent for her maid, and dressed quickly for dinner. She Was oxcltcd and felt full of ploasurablo anticipation; but sho had not tho faintest Idea ot tho treat in store for hor, for Mordaunt had taken good caro that no ono should inform her of tho fact that hor lovor, Lau rence -Kinsley, was to d! no there that evening. Her high spirits, however, wero reflected in her face. "It is good to soo you, miss.",, said hor maid, Connor. "You wero "so low end depressed, oven though you nro engaged to that remarkably nlco gentleman." "Oh, it is the return of my guardian," said tho girl in on innocent voice; "ho is such a charming man, Conner. Havo yon seen him yet?" "I havo," said Connor in a low voice. "Don't yon admire hltu? Don't you think him very hnndsomo?" "It's not for mo to inako a remark abouL my betters," said- tho girl. "How quoor you look, Connor. You are gener ally very outspoken; you generally quiLe forgot our relative positions. Not that I want to remind you of them, but now what do you really think ot Mr. Mordaunt? Do tell mo. I givo you leave, so you can speak freely." "Ho Is tho sort of man I would bo In mortal tenor of," said tho maid. "There, miss, I'm very sorry, hut I don't think the servants In lha house llko him. They all admit 'that lip Is hand some. and they would do anything ho asked them, simply because ho has a way with him; hut as to lilting— -if I wero you. Miss Douglas, I would ho on my guard yes, that I would." "Oh. nonsense. Connor, you are absurdly pre judiced. My guardian is an excellent man. Do you think, my dear, doar father would have com mitted all my affairs Into his hands If ho did not know Robort Mordaunt. as well as ho know him self? Why, my father was simply devoted to lilm; ho was always talking of him; his Koniu.-, his straight, honorable life. I don't think It Is right or you Conner; It is very uncharitable to talk llko t.lmt. If you hear tho servants making remarks of that sort; put them down, wou't you?" "If It Is your wish, miss, 1 will. Not that I havo a great deal of influence in the sorvaiils' hall. Tho master Is dreaded there more limit loved, and I supiwse there Is some reason for it. Oh. everybody likes Miss Morduunt, though no body thinks a great deal of her; lint she Is lifted well enough, sho Is a good-natured sort, of lady. But as to tho master, well, miss, I only repeat what I hear; hut If you wish it, I'll keep my own counsel In fill tire." "To mo, at least, keep your own counsel," said Monica, In a haughty tone. "I do not choose to havo my guardian maligned." "Oil! miss, I don't believe he ik maligned." "Not another word, Conner." "Whle.il dress will you wear to-nlglit, Miss Douglas?" "My black, with the Jet— tho same as last night." Tho maid helped her mistress on with Um glittering robe; It clung close to Monica's lissom figure, added to lier height and extreme filender- ness. It gave hor a sort of queenly beauty. To night, sho wore a coronet of Jet In hor lutlr, which I vouglit out Its many lights, and gave n sort ot young majesty to her loveliness. She then ran downstairs. (To he continued.) The lion, secretary of the Civil Anihulaueo anil Transport Brigade (.Mr. James Scott, M.A.) re ports that tho hand nmbiilaneo presented to tlin lirlgado somo tliroo years ugo hy I lio Salvation Army has now conveyed upwards of TOO pornoim to tho various melropolllan hospitals. Tho «m- hiilaneo may always he seen ill tho hoadquttlterq yot tho brigade la .RnU'vay.-Bquaro 