CHAPTER XV. ITlRDOXKD. T "was after two by the I stars as I might guess when Belle awoke. She rose, and begged me to let her take my place. There was no wind, and the dawn was not far distant, and bidding the dear girl call mo . instantly should a change in the weather happen, 1 Jay in the "weaxuer - ft down npon Bowser's coat, very well satisfied that her lookout would not b less strict than mine. I fell asleep quickly, and dreamt strangely and wildly, and was reined from the grasp of a nightmare by Belles soft hand laid lightly on my check. ' What is that ?' she asaed. I instantly sprang to my feet, and strained my sleepy gaze full into the livid terraces of the breaking day. A little air was breathing. . 'Look!' cried Belle again, with excitement, pointing into the ashen dawn, 1 What is that, Walter? And now I saw something that was to continue to puzzle me whilst I stared at it with my bare vision in the tew minutes o£ that sad light. I thoughtat first it was the hull of a ship jJben that we had in some fashion drifted hack again towards the Rocas, of ^oh lively family yonder was a member. I then thought it must be land, for it had the solid look of it; hut it was low seated whatever it might he, and it could not be an island known to the navigator, for none hereabouts was down on the charts, and there was no land nearer than Fernando Noronha. The sky began to brighten. I •hrew a hastv look round, and saw that the sea was everywhere shivering to the passage of the delicate warn breeze. Nothing was in sight but that object m the east. • „ The monkey sat m the hows viewing lt «I am certain it is an island,' ex claimed -Belle; .«and I helieve I can see trees upon it.* -i . I took the glass out of the locker awl levelled it. I was amazed; there leapt into the lenses a little sallow island, with a number of trees upon it,.most ot them ruined as though by a hurricane, and in the midst of the trees was some thing I could not obtain a clear sight of - it was solid, and made a thickness there, and I thought it was a house. 1 pulled out the chart to make sure, for the flash of the sun was now upon the sea. But nothing wnB set down as, indicating land, or a rock, or a shoal. 1 again examined the spot most carefully through the telescope. It was between three and four miles off, and-lay on top, of the horizon. The glass gave me as good a sight .of it aa if I bad been within- a quarter of a mile, i.saw .that -some -of -the' - tree*-\were-memlMaly-; tjrirtedr *nA:; atocd;. «lant, •» :WOj brooms stuck in a garden bed. The vegetation, likewise, so far as I could collect, suggested the ravage of the hurricane. But what was that object, which thickeried-the inner group of-trees ?•' -I dodged with the glass but- to no pur pose. " . ' "We will go and have a look at that island,' said I. ' But let us get some breakfast first.' , This we did, and we fed the monkey,; but all the time we ate.and drank' our eyes were glued to • that strange mysterious little piece of land. • I have read in old travels,' said Ii ' of such things as enchanted islands. I wonder if that is one of them. What peculiarity has the enchanted island ? It comes and goes at will. It rises in the moonlight alongside sleeping ships, and the amazed sailor hears the noise of in visible men and women singing amongst the trees.' ' But what a little bit of an island it is,' said Belle. I munched and mused, and then a sudden idea possessed me, and I uttered a sbout. It was a shout of amazement. I nearly choked myself in my eagerness to again level the glass; and after care-, fully observing the island, I did most clearly perceive by an occasional slow motion that the whole mass was afloat. A floating island! Did you ever hear of such a thing? Do you suppose that I am inventing this merely as an inci dent in a romance of adventure by sea ? Where is the old sailor who has not in his time, in one voyage or another, sighted the floating island, the frag ment of earth remorselessly wrenohed by the irresistible power of the oyclone or the tornado from the mother con tinent, and sent to add another whilst it lasts to the countless wonders of the deep. ' Itis a floating island,' said I, putting down the glass. 'Impossible, "Walter.' ' My dear, there it is. It is land, and it is swimming on the surface of the water. I hare heard of such things.' ' Are you going to visit it ?' ' Certainly.' She seemed a little timid. She was alarmed by the unnaturainess of floating land. She could not conceive that the island, was water-borne, not upon its I own earth, but upon a vast inter mingling and intricacy of roots and downward striking fangs of a vegetation nameless by-me, who report only what I saw. I unshipped the awning, hoisted the sail, and headed dead for the little island. "We rippled quietly onwards ; again it was a cloudless day, and I knew that the eye of the sun would soon roast this pleasant and refreshing draught out of the atmosphere. From what part of the world had youder island come ?■ From the Brazilian coast no doubt. As we drew near I judged it to be of the size of the reef we had left, but of a different shape. What had seemed sallow at a distance changed into a livid and into a scorched look to the gradual approach of the boat. There, I thought, was some swimming, lingering memorial of fire, earthquake, and tornado; it signalised in frag mentary aspect some terrific spasm of Xature that may have devastated the face of half a province. .' "What can that be in the middle of it ?' said Belle. ' And what can be that beautiful silver light which girdles it?' said I; ' and rises and falls, and pulsates as though it were mercury under-ruu by a swell. "What are we going to dis cover ?' • We were now drawing close, and lowering the sail I threw an oar over and sculled. How am I to describe this floating island in words ? It would need the colours, and some of them ghastly, of the great painters to reveal it to you, charged with its in communicable spirit of loneliness, ghost-like, almost appalling, and as a miracle, which to my sight it was. I saw a considerable tract of land afloat! The edges of it came close down to the sea; there was a great quantity of fallen timber half out and half in, and the mystery of the sight lay in its motion, for that it had, now we were close enough to perceive it, the motion I mean of a very faint lift and fall; passing through it. like:some large secret rswell front west :to east. It warlike The mcmory. of the ..'earthquake and * yearning in the soil to attach iteeil to >-~ its mother coast again. _ _ .• ■*> • The trees were a bewilderment to the v eye; some had been entirely stripped, : and stood up like telegraph poles; some J" looked like cocoamit trees, and bo wed & their earthly 'tufts. • All the leaning V trees inclined the' same way, but I - should have thought from the oork screwed appearance of many of them- ', that the tempest had fallen on the land ' like a'bolt straight from, a thunder cloud, and that the fury of the wind ' had been afterwards. And now as we draw quite close I saw in the middle of the island among - the trees the object that had greatly puzzled me from the beginning. What do you tbink it was ? Probably yon will have needed to live in the What Indies to believe me. I do but speak the truth when I say that it was a little schooner of about eighty tons, blown high and dry clean out of water, lying with "a slight list to port, her lower masts and maintopmast standing. She was quite newly sheathed as though fresh from the builder, and her metal burnt like gold amongst the trees. Are you going to land?' asked Belle. 'Certainly,' I answered. 'It will refresh ub to stretch our legs. I want to take a close look at that beautiful littlo schooner.' 'There may be snakes,' exclaimed Belle. • I should say not. I don't sec 'why. The land looks scorched.' The monkey sat in the hows viewing the island without excitement. This was strange. I had thought that the sight of the trees would have delighted . the old beggar, and kept him hopping . about in madness until he could spring ashore. He contemplated the little - island thoughtfully, and did not seem to think much of it.' Even half an hour of dry earth would be a break. It • is impossible to express how weary mind and body become in the open boat, wheat you can but stand, and when you are nearly always sitting, and when you seo nothing but the horizon, which.will presently bind itself abont your brow, like a material ligaturo, cutting into the brain and driving you frantic. I saw no signs of man or anything alive as I sculled very slowly with one hand, while I looked toward the island. ■ The wonderful part to me was that floating girdle of liquid silver; it could not be sand, for sand would dissolve and go away with the water; it could . not be coral beach, for coral made no portion of this creation. - I directed the boat's head for an opening'betwceu two small fallen trees, and. as we steered through the silver mass I saw that it was iish—fish exquisitely minute, in millions and billions, a mighty and glorious roll of sparkling atoms. I was thunderstruck and enchanted, and shouted with admiration. They floated so close to the surface that they looked like a shore, and you might easily have . mistaken them, and stepped on' thiB ' strange strand. It sank under our keel, but iu a beautiful undulation, a3 though granting admission, and the rest of this marvellous,picture continued, as before, to float close under the sea in a. thick body of light, which pulsated as the heavens on a starry night tremble . and shake. I drove the boat stem on right into the land, jumped out, and helped llelle to" jump out. I then put my weight upon the boat and dragged it by about a foot upon the shore to steady it, and » taking the painter, I secured it to one of the fallen trees which lay very handy for that purpose, for there was : nothing better to attach her to within the scope of her line. ' . - [to bb costiuosd xkxt wzex.] 