VICTORIA. The Victorian Office of Public Works has been severely strained in providing labour for the unemployed. A four years' contract for the carriage of Victorian butter has been arranged for with the English mail companies. At Maldon the Nuggetty Extended's orush ing of 46 tons yielded 296oz. of gold. The sand has yet to be treated. The crushing includes 16 tons of poor dirt. 48 tons are following of better quality. Good gold is still showing in the face. The rabbit pest in the Strathbogie is a thing of the pasc. The price now paid has not only resulted in engaging all the unem ployed, but many farmers have taken to trapping, and are earning from £2 10s. to £5 per week. The consequence is that scarcely a rabbit is to be seen in the district. The Minister for Lands promised a deputation that he would take steps to cope with wild dogs, which were very troublesome in the Toulmie and Mans field districts. The deputation suggested that a bonus of £3 a bead should be paid for the destruction of dogs, but Mr. Best said that such a reward was altogether too much. Messrs. Edward Trenchard and Co. (in conjunction with the Australian Mortgage and Agency Company Limited) report hav ing sold the Warrion Estate, containing about 5506 acres freehold land and im provements, situate 10 miles^ north of Colac, for the sum of £77,000, the pur chasers being Messrs. Edward Manifold, Leonard M. Oalvert, and R. S. Murray. At a largely-attended meeting of the Vine growers' Association held at Barnawartha on Saturday the following resolution was car ried : — ' That in the opinion of this associa tion, and in the best interests of the district, M. Dubois be given control of the vineyards in the district, and a free hand in inspecting then* and taking means to eradicate the phyl loxera when it is found to exist.' The reso lution will be forwarded to the Minister of Agriculture, and also to the Attorney-General, asking him to support it. A fatal accident is reported from Indigo. It appears that a little three-year old son of Mr. George Muller, of that neighborhood, and accidentally pulled a kettle of boiling water over his ohesfc. The father hurried post haste to Yackandandah for liniment, and returned to apply it. Unfortunately tha injuries sustained were too severe to yield to the remedies, and the child suc cumbed. It is understood that a dootor was not called in. A large crowd gathered at the Warrackna beal timber reserve to witness the cremation of an Indian named Polo, who died in the hospital of consumption. Ten of deceased's countrymen followed his remains to tha ground and carried out the last religious rites. The corpse was taken out of the coffin and placed on the funeral pile. The coffin was broken up and also placed on the pile and burnt with the body. This is tne first cre mation which has taken place at Warrackna beal. A party of mining speculators, including Messrs. Eckhoff, Wappett, and T. Brann, of Chiltern, visited tho Woolshed on Monday. When returning home the brake broke as the descent of Gidley's Gap was begun. The driver lost control of the horses, and could not pull them up until they had galloped down the steep gradient and a mile and a half bevond. Each of the party, in endeavouring to leave the vehicle, fell at some distances along tho track and suffered several nasty bruises, Messrs. Brann and Eckhoff especi ally. A young man named William Skinner had rt miraculous escape from very serious in juries at Glennrou the other day. He was odgaged in driving a mob of cattle alobg the road to High Camp Plain, when a tired calf laid down on tho road. Skinner went to its assistance, when the mother of the calf rushed at him, pinning him to the ground with her horns. A cattle dog witnessing tho occurrence began a savnge attack on the cow's legs, and succeodod in attracting her attention for a time, enabling Skinner to reach a place of safety. A well-known member of the Victorian police force. Sub-inspector Flood, died on Sunday. Mr. Flood was 56 years of age, and was formerly a mounted man, having spent the greater part of his time in the North Eastern district. He was there at the time when the Kelly gang terrorised the district, / and his enterprise aud fearlessness in hunting its members caused Ned Kelly to announce , his determination to shoot the police officer 'on sight.' The opportunity was, however, denied him, and Constable Flood became, in course of time, the sergesnt at Benalla. An old man, 8i years of age, named Wil liam Langdon (but who is better known as 'Lord Raglan'), was discovered in a very weak and emaciated condition in a tent about a mile from Warrnambool on Saturday last. For the past 20 years he has lived a hermit-like existence in this primitive abode, and has been supplied with pro visions by people residing in the locality and others. The police decided to take him to the hospital, but the old man had to be forcibly removed, because he resisted being placed 'among; paupers,' as he termed the inmates of the institution. A Rutherglen paper reports : — A shock ing sudden death in the person of Mrs. , M'Callum, a middle-aged woman, who fol lowed the occupation of a washerwoman. Deceased, who resided with her husband, had suffered for a long time from varicose veins, and on Tuesday one of these suddenly burst, the blood rushing forth so rapidly, that although Dr. Browne was on the spot instantly, he was too late, as nearly every drop of blood had escaped from the poor woman s body, and she expired from com plete syncope, no recovery being possible. Mr. Barnetfc Freedman, the hero of the Eastern Marked murder, was asked, during tho course of his evidence on Friday, in the Criminal Court, to give an example of the practical jokes which were alleged to have been played on the accused, Medor. In J reply ho said : — ' One' day Medor re quested me to come into his stall to mea sure a frame, in which he purposed placing a picture of (rladstode's hand. While I was there a boy came in with a dead dog, and asked Medor to read his bumps.' 'Read whose bumps?' queried counsel. ' Why, the dead dog's,' answered the wit ness, amidst a roar of laughter. An income tax question of interest to members of friendly societies has been aBked by a correspondent to a Melbourne paper. He desires to know, ' Whether payments made to friendly societies as subscriptions for benefits tfan be deducted from income tax, same as payments made to insurance companies for life insurance to keep their policies alive?' The official reply is : — ' Payments into any superannuation, sus tentation or widows' or orphans' fund may be deducted, but without ' further informa tion it cannot be said whether the friendly society alluded to comes under this cata gory.' A Ballarafc telegram says : — The other night the residents of Alfredton thought they had captured two of the 'ghosts' that have latterly been seen in Billarat and the suburbs. Captain Stanley Low, A.D.C. to the commandant, raised the alarm, as the intruders were in the grounds of his father in-law, Sir Henry Cuthbert, but when the police arrived it was found that the sup posed phantoms were two Indian hawkers in gorgeous attire. At the city court tha dusky, pedlars were each fined ^s, 6d. for trespassing on the grounds of the Solicitor General, but they said they had no money to pay the penalties, and they were re moved to gaol. The mice plague continues in the Wim niera, and great damage is being done by the vermin to hay and wheat stacks. A farmer at Dooen North has for some time past killed upon an average 1000 mice a day. In one night alone 1500 were killed by the agency of poisoned flour. Anotbfi^ farmer, removing 20 bags of wheat, killed 1535 mice. A Kewell farmer has for weeks past poisoned in his dwelling-house on an average 150 mice a night, and the paper on the walls of the room has been com pletely riddled by the pests. Even in Uorsham the plague is giving much trouble, many householders being at their wits' end to know how to cope with it. 