THE WORLD'S CHALLENGE TO THE CHURCHES. from the murray independent. The (vise men ask, "What language did Christ speak ?" They cavil, argue, search, aud little prove. O sages, leave your Syriac and ypur Greek ! heart contains the knowledge that you seek j Christ spoke the universal language— Love. fp- a.1 . n . . . a To say that the Christian churches are upon their trial would possibly be to say too much, though in a certain sense it is true. The great test to which the churches are being challenged is that of proving that the principles and practices of Christ are possible, and that, amid the falsities, inanities and injustices of a nineteenth century civilisation. Much time and talent have been employed in demonstrating the genuineness and authenticity of the Christian Scriptures, and, if all were known, it might appear that the " evi dences" and "apologetics" have made more infidels than they ever cured. The challenge, however, now presented is not for a mere verbal or technical demonstration that Christianity is divine ; the demand is for something more than the mere abstract — it is for a living embodiment and manifestation of Christ in the lives of those who take His name. Nor is the demand of the world for any mere mechanical adjust ment of the Christian's life to Christ's ; nor is it for a mere literal interpretation or imitation that the age clamors, but for the reducing to practice in all the relations of daily life the precepts and principles of Jesus. The world as much as says to the churches : " Here is your Master, Christ ; you profess to be His incarnation, actuated by His Spirit, governed by His teachings. Now, we know 'how He lived, we note His un selfishness,' His humbleness, His self- abnegation and sacrifice ; we- listen to His sermon on the mount, we see Him going about, doing good, washing His disciples' feet, and we hear Him as He solemnly says, ' I have givfen yon an example, that ye should do as I have done ' This is your professed ideal, this is your model. Now, if you want us to believe in you, in the sincerity of your professions, in the earnestness of your precepts, in the disinterestedness of your efforts, let us see you walking in His steps' in the same humbleness of rriind, exercising the same forgive ness of spirit, displaying the same obliviousness to all self-aggrandisement, and living the same life of love. But, depend upon it, so long as we see you as self-seeking as the average man of the world, as cold and proud and as zealous for class distinction as the mau who beloDgsto ' society soloDg as we see you engaging in unseemly and un- brotherly church .competition, and claiming dominance over the failh and convictions of your fellows, and wrang ling over mere Forms of Faith so long as we see you quarrelling in your assemblies,' sweating your officers, per secuting your heretics, stealing sheep from each other's fold, and practising the hundred and one meannesses that have come to he associated with church religiousness, we shall not only dis count, but utterly discard, the claims you make." To many this challenge will appear fair and the world justified in making it. There are individuals here and there who are daily proving to their fellows in all their relations- political, social, commercial — that the life of Jesus is practicable. But what is wanted is not' simply an isolated ex hibition of Christ's "spirit and life, but a demonstration that shall be as world wide and as general as the churches. This is the one desideratum of the Limes : the churches must in all their varied manifestations and human re lationships become thorough, honest, pnre, transparent, and in their God- 'ward relations faithful, and daringly confident. To such churches the Holy Ghost will come and abide, and all things will become possible. The very phrase " we want the Holy Ghost" is incriminatory. The Spirit hath been given once for all, and is with us. Why, then, this cry- of barrenness ? Because the conditions are unfavorable for the Spirit's operations. The churches of Australia petition Mr. Moody tp come over and help them ; a petition that would be more to. the ' pprpose would be one to Him whose hand carries the scourge of small cords to. come and scourge us of those abom- imitions which have converted churches info vast money-making machines. The world - is waiting; for the' conversion of 'V: ' the churches 'to Christ, and when that takes' splace it, too, will7 become con- " 7 verted: i:Mer'e depots of conventional respectability — mere arenas " in which wordy, gladiators fight for a technical verbality— mere systems whose sole aim is :the advancement of sectarianism —rnever did and never will save man- kind. The world challenges the churches : ' in all their members; methods and machinery to, exhibit the power and life of Christ, and when this challenge is " I answered, as on Oarmel, by the fire off o' ! purity and reality, the redemption of k the world drawetb nigb. 