NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch CHAPTER XVI.—(CONTINUED.) By m. g. McClelland. Miss Vandan nodded enthusiastically. She was enjoying herself immensely, and minded to keep on with it. ' The hat incident was good,' she affirmed —' quite dramatic, and in character with the rest ot the performance. Has Miss Donevan reoognized you, do yon think?' Guthrie shook his head, and pulled at his beard meditatively. ' Time has gotten in stronger work along my lines,' he said. ' From a beardless stripling I've be crime a grizzled and well-nigh middle-aged man. I shouldn't identify my own past and present if I hadn't watched the evolution. She has no means of recognition*. There is no associating resemblanoe about me, and nobody here uses my Christian name, whioh is the only one 6he ever heard. Unless the old wonder-witch has kept me in mind, I make no doubt she's forgotten me long ago.' The young lady did not agree with him. She knew very well that women are not prone to forget pretty little adventures of which they themselves are the heroines. She made this plain to him, and then demanded information about the wonderwitch. 1 Tou Sotherners have so many signs and wonders that my brain reels under them,' ehe declared. 'Babbits' feet, and cross, marks in the path, and jack-boxes filled with dried snakes, lizards, and bird- feathers, conjure charms and luck signs, and death and disaster portents, make a supernatural medley that Yankee consciousness doesn't readily assimilate. And the queer part is that so many intelligent people among you take the thing seriously aud allow for it. What in heaven's name is a wonder-witch? She's a new species to me.* Guthrie laughed amusedly. ' rhe wonderwitch is the ring I gave Miss Donevan,' he explained. ' We always oalled it that beoanse of a legend connected with it, and the representation of a necromantic old crone on the signet.' The girl of the period leaned back in her chair and regarded her companion with undisguised admiration. ' You really are the most affording people I ever enoountered,' she declared, frankly. ' You are all survivals. Stiok a pin in the other story, to keep the place, and tell me, right here and now, about the wonderwitch.' CHAPTER XVII. ' Many generations ago,' Guthrie began, • an ancestor of mine, a wealthy Magyar from the Carpathians, fell in love with a Romany inrl, the grandchild of tbe queen of a powerful tribe of Tziganies whose headquarters were in that pt>rt of Hungary. Tradition describes the young woman as rarely beautiful, with wonder, bright eyes, and the soft-flowing speech of her people. The Magyar loved well, and the girl met hie passion at flood; but tbe old woman was adverse. There was among the 'Romany ahals' a suitor whom she favored, and she sought by fair means and foul to bring the match about. Tradition is hazy as to whether the gypsy lover was preferred beoause of tribal prejudiocs, or whether there was some special to my ancestor. Certain it is that the old woman raged, and thwarted the lovers in every way possible. She appears to have been a remarkable oreatnre—a wise woman, deeply learned in occultism and many sorts of secret knowledge. She was versed in the Black Art, a follower of Simon Magus and a practiser of magic, so that, apart from her tribal position, she possessed an influence with the Tziganies well-nigh boundless. ' Love, however, has a magic of its own, full of potency and might, so one blessed dark night the gypsy maiden and the Magyar disappeared together. ' 'Tis said that the witoh-mother cursed her descendant, then and there, with a corse unique and terrible, faoing to the east, whenoe comes magic, and spreading her arms, so that the very winds might bear her malediction to its object. And the curse wab that beoause the young wife had forsaken race and kindred for love of the Magyar, her heart should know no other love, cither of children, or kindred, or nation, or friends, but nnder the weight of one dominance should petrify slowly, compressing and hardening like stone. 'Through the old wonder-witch's influence, the curse was passed from tribs to tribe of the Tziganies until it penetrated to the bride's hiding-place and wrought on her imagination to such a degree that she sickened. The Magyar did everything in his power to weaken or remove the impression, even to attempting to assassinate the cause of the trouble, bat without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of the girl and was not to be dislodged. So insistent became her dread that, after the birth of her child, a boy with a Romany face and Magyar nature, for whom she cared nothing, the pair returned to Hun> gary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witch and obtain a remission* They had just as well have attempted to remove the Carpathians with a glass lever. The author of their woe rejoiced in her power, and took fresh hold. She wrote out the curse in a scroll, and would study it, placing herself frequently in the young wife's path and pointing downward at it with her finger. ' To make a long story short, au exoited imagination got its fell work of superinducing disease, and the gypsy wife presently died for fear of dying. In that day the belief in magic held sway, and credulity and superstition were leash hounds to be loosed at a necromancer's will. The girl was buried aooording to Magyar usages, but it is claimed that the Romany ohals, at the instigation of the old wonder-witch, spirited away her body, and that its ultimate resting place was known only to the gypsies. Her heart was removed and chemically treated so that petrification really took place. • Whether or not the old woman finally repented of the indirect murder, and sought to bring good out of evil, tradition does not state; but it appears that on his attaining puberty she presented the dead woman's son (and her own great-grandson) with a curious ring of hand-hammered gold, set with a strange looking signet, the substanoe of which no lapidist has ever been able to determine, or ooiild without resolving it to its original elements. The stone is heartshaped, dulled red in hue, and delioately veined with a darker color. It is said to be a bit of the petrified heart. Upon it is engraved a perfect representation of the wonder-witch herself, with her fingers on the soroll. The cutting is said by experts to be unusually strong and fine. • The magic property claimed for this ring is that it insures constancy in women. No woman, accepting it from a man, can falter or turn from allegiance to him. The ring passes from, mother to son, a mode of progress a trifle unusual. It has on it a Romany inscription, a free translation of whioh is, ' What I love, I <?esire • what I desire, I grasp : what I grasp, I hold'' ' The Magyar's ton, being h^lf Romany, found out all this from his mother's' people, and transmitted it. He married a German, and his son an Englishwoman, and so to the final American mixture. The ring, with its history, was given me by my mother.' 'And a very abominable history it is,' commented Miss Vandan. 'Fancy being betrothed with an obnoxious bit of bewitched flesh instead of a nice, wholesome diamond! It makes one feel crawly and bedevilled only to think of it. And eighteen years ago you foisted this uncanny thing upon poor, unsuspicious Ruth Donevan ! You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Dr. Guthrie! To triok your own aocomplioe, after trioking your enemies ! It was a most shameless and outrageoas performance. Suppose you'd gotten yourself killed, and that dear woman had baen oompelled to go through life spell-bound to eternal fidelity to a ghost! What sort of denouement would that hive been ?' Guthrie parried her attaok gayly, declaring that to the ghost such a result would have been eminently satisfactory. Ha even audaciously maintained that, if the wonder-witch had in truth guarded the position for him, ehe was an anoeetress worthy of honor, as well as the ablest strategist of her cycle. Whereupon Miss Vandan entered the counter-declaration that Guthrie himself would be treasure-trove to the heredity people, as demonstrating in his own person hov such traits as malevolence and disregard will persist through unnumbered generations. JThey talked a groat de»l of nonsense, those two, and with it all Gathrie's spirits improved to the point of considering his case rattier hopeful, and of feeling that, somehow, his hold upon Ruth was renewed. As for Miss Vandan, her brain aotually teamed with plans and suggestions. For the first time in her career she was visibly enfolded with an atmosphere of unoalculating lominee. Her soul joyed within her, and i V8ty fibre of hor being was set on the evolution of a suitable deaouement. For f the next day or so she and Guthrie were ' inseparable, and that their communion was satisfactory was evidenced by the beatitude of their oountenanoe. When Hugh Donevan reappea»ed, the young lady promptly took him into confidence, a proceeding to whioh Guthrie might have objected had he not caught a glimpse of the arcana of another situation. CHAPrER XVIII. Virtue has need to be its own reward, for in the reaction after a hard duty has been performed, if it were not for the approving conscience, one would have nothing. Even then the conscience must approve lustily in order to hold misery at bay and make duty appear worth the doing. From her point of view, going away had seemed to Rath the best possible course, and she had braced up her nerves, held down her heart, and taken it gallantly. During the ride up to the gap, the exercise, change, and her brother's society had made it relatively easy to hold thought quiesoent. Nor had the next day been bad, for her kinswoman was delighted to see her, and eager in the interchange of inquiries and accounts of local happenings. Hugh's return home made a break also, for directions had to be given and messages sent to the servants. It was on the third day that the reaction set in heavily. Miss Randolph awoke with a blinding sick headache, for whioh the only remedy was absolute quiet in a darkened room. She was an intelligent woman and a good raconteur, with a fine store of observation and experience to draw on, and the gift of illustrative and sympathetic expression. The house seemed strangely silent without her, and Ru*,h wandered about out adrift from her own usual occupations, and with no others to take their place. Tais was misery's chanoe, and it straightway availed itself, pouncing down like a vampire and driving its beak into her heart with intent to suck thence the lifeblood of conrage and hope. Ruth had a very bad time of it, made worse by the strength and soundness of her own nature. Her code was so simple and yet so uncompromising : to love grandly, to trust generously, end to follow the diotates of conscience without skirking or subterfuge— that was all of it. Enough, too, to give body and substance to suffering as well as to joy. Wearily and insistently she want over it all, love playing the gamut from exaltation, through wonder and pain, to renunciation, lingering miserably over the minor chords until life seemed 9 dirge and strained heartstrings the fit instrument whereon to play it. And tha the pain was all needles < did not make it one bit less hard to endure. To ber it was real and tangible, and the thought that it might be unnecessary never entered her mind. In the afternoon the innate gallantry of her nature reasserted itself, imposing a necessity for action. The atmosphere of the Bilent house seemed to smother her, and she ordered her horse. She must get out into the open and exercise and weary her body, so that brain and heart might find relief m physical needs. An unacknowledged sentiment had caused Ruth always to use gray cloth for her habits, but she had yielded to conventionality in the matter of head gear. On this trip, however, she had worn Jack's slouch hat, partly from unexplained impulse, and partly from deliberate effort at renewal of old association. For the latter reason ontirely, she rode a descendant of Lapwing and wore the wonder-witch's ring. On the way to the gap she had kept the talk on war topics, encouraged Hugh to reminiscence, and even drawn from the closet of memory and dusted her own wild escapade. The past, in very truth, was hers, and in it, to her knowledge, was no other woman. So now, in her ride of unrest, she instinctively turned her horse in the direction of the old frame house wtiih had witnessed the climax of her adventure. It was situated several miles from Miss Randolph's, and during Ruth's former visits had always been occupied, so that, although she had passed it occasionally daring the eighteen years, and was somewhat familiar with the exterior, she had never crossed the threshold since that old time of ^Federal occupation. The situation wis isolated, and after the death, many years previous, of the owner, aud the dispersion of his heirs, it hal been impossible to get suitable tenants for tho old house, and it had gradually graded down, falling into worse and worse hands with each renewal of ocoupants. At the time of Ruth's last visit, three years before, it had bean in possession of a lawless family of mountaineers, named Wakefield, a morose, evil lot, more than suspected cf illicit practioes. Daring this oooupancy the house degenerated from mere unthrift and dilapidation into the unmistakable aspect of disrepute whioh a house can acquire when kept continually in bad oompany It wai suspected that the cellars were used as a depot for contraband whiskey, but for a long time the suspicion went unverified. Tne population thereaway was sparse, and the Wahefields were known to be keenly averse to interference, and, in both sexes, addicted to the swift use of firearms, with great oertainty of aim. (To be oontinued.) Maud: ' Dick proposed to me last night.* Ella: ' What did you tell him ?' ' I said he had better ask mamma, and what do you think the wretch said ?' ' Goodness knows!' ' He said he had asked her already and she wouldn't have him.' 