THE WRECK OF T-HE JOHN .- ! /:?: ANDREWS. .. v (By Arthur Willis Colton.) From the jnan who has done a little of everything we heard , this story of the ?, Great Lake8: — . ' ? The John Andrews was a lumber barge , .. going back from Buffalo to Duluth. : She r :_ was 'dingy and stupid to look at, as all barges are, .and yet not, ?an old boat, but ' : in good condition and sitting high in the water, -by reason of the small, cargo. There- ? were g-'r-oi^eries aboard, and Fome hoase fit' aiture.'^our men to run her, and notniuch need for them when the weather was-., . ?sleepy. ? -~ ':- 'Barges do not often carry any motive .-'-.'*? power— only a bit of sail, you notice,., . tor. '-. ..J-Vj Jjelp irbejj tlje vipd is aft, and for the rest '^'-'-s-..'.'- thejr potter along behind a tugboat. 'As: 'T- for me, I was going to Duluth on business. ' :' not connected witnvbarges, and was on a .. . barge, because tlie business was not press-' . ing, and 'this method'-. of travel eesnied '? likely to be interesting. It Avas so. '-?'.'.'-' .'?.?: Now' the groceries -ii-ere-Jitowed forward;' .' ?'? the furniture midships/^anii-ihere was not much of either, as^'l ..safafeb. efare; .The east- , ward traffic on ' the; jiikiei|fjs^ib-he larger in ?'' . tonnage at all tijnies,. fbiWie'l west sends raw materials and the '-eastVtie product of factories.: You ' know rsSSi.' -about that. . ' ..jj Finally, the John Andrews--came- last in .''*«* a tow' of three, so tha't-riier'e was nothing -; of the tug to be seen; -it was hidden by the . big stern of tbe barge-. ahead,/ drawing }sc. ,. , slowly that the tpw-rope! sagged v 'iii the. ' r.-; . water betAveen. '.';'?: '?»..?? !::*: - -. ', ' l^ive inctt.witijkss. 4Mi .-.iliei.r lainds thai^r V'. . . ?-, we, oh th^John Andrews, were that, day, ', . v vs you feould hard+j' 'find:— ihe captain and; the: '...-;; ?' fellow who- co6ked, ? t\vo deck hands named ? , liarly and Bui-us, and 'myself, . and three '....? were (jfoing to meet sudden death ?»nd''twc..-..1' ... ': But never mind, that's -getting ahead too; ' fast. It was all on a etrij!) of^lue1 water, ' which looked as innocent m my 'eyes-ihtit; .;''?,.- day as' any watei'.'«-Md 'look. 'No waier h/.~ :. looks innocent to . me any uiore.1^ : .''??i;:j'' - - ?- We left;. Port -Hui'du in the earijftnioni;:- L '?'?'— ' ing, and wheTi it came., afternoon;--- ??tbeife1;' were pudgjr little' clouds about the. lower, sky. I noticed .over the- Michigan sho^e that the clouds were moving -fiom both sides toa point in. the west;;as' if drawn by a magnet,, and at that point, too, there wks-spfea'diiig out of cloud into haeiiiess, and a banking up; of. thicker haze fiom be low. The breeze' was iuoying :~\\\ esl light-'*' lv. I lenew nothing of weathers 1 ineuily ?- thought' -it Ay-ould-a-ain.: :'? ? ; ;'; . You can't. '. thiiik' h'ow, ? peaceful and Jbngbt it 'semed, the tug. being too, -far: ahead io be heard. The' deck-hand,- Bayly, TtVas at f the helm as n Matter of forniirTjie cap- : tain appeared to b'e.-.aslee'p- Burns, and xhe v fellow who cooked- loafed agauigt the lail, arid didn't, say a -word. x. ; . ''.?':'?. v . When, the- wiind :is 'light and -the sun eluniugV the lake puts up little, watei ^Jlfl \vith : a dianiDud: point^oh each, and if a «man is Telaxed and .: lazy -'all-,;iie iaeeds for ;entertaiainent is sdme(anng/'4p' twinkle, shine, -arid : change .tyfbrje hif^yea That'sv. your true, theory of 'restT^to turnbaby^and :be' pleased; with. '..''atiy-v.iiifr' -jof ^glitter and .;:X.-'jrom'e^lier.'-^at;^ui'biB':lOQlt h.is pipe ?froin'-.'h'iB;-'M0Utyii'a)j^'.^ia:'.3iiBi-tl»biirijt it niight':blp^.^^e^^Q^i^;cpokea al lowed -it \ '?? ijiighlS. .^fc^aid- ?' Wind saves ;cpal,;an^;^evitj^c^Slife--4jrpSit.' Tjhen ^bi^;^(^i«^^-ks^|l%^l}:.$p''^lookmg ai^ , ' '*--?* KlWfl -1MhJ Jtij Ifftee^jteftfi© rt fin OdftMJHt* t' tfieut : en that !x»t, The riifet *wp -iUsp | dtmfl ffaretjp^ilS! m st 'of tfi^wffl?;ff &;, dung to the rttil rtfid Btflfed WewtMtra*-,* S. ? , tefl yea witte ffaH trotitde eoHttriBg-cfief sv there. T6 tJait iwiHt In (he west tlie cImKm % on gttkht sfae eireatfietl like fuhfi|««.ivntdrf ' i and the eeatre grew dmk like Ihe motitft- ^ of n tilt. . , ; -,. Darknetr* aliot out from tliat moijtli ?1. hlgJrtr and Jiisrher. darkness jfi fa« flag n; fltfentnefH, dnrKfiess that thickened flO.fl : r. ; boiled; out- of it winn? rt low rtttittflttfj ''*?' p , growl nn iiiernisung mat. The dafflrtressj I' hvifc!«d, tv-JiirJefl, n»A folded into iteilfMi t became like n living tongue that Hotted the S-'/ around, n thine bulky, above, tautiing be-; lv---~ low: n wriggling half-mile of Vkmaef- *,'? ?'? cloud on beam-end run mad, t-ngirig, erflfef. fc It bounded from the shore, struck the ?'. lake n mile awny, And split it. The Wfttfiy went «j) like dust. On it came, and ofl nnd on. The sun went oul. ? Harly left 'the wheel nnd dived down ibp galley stairR. 1 rolled underneath n Iwfleli fixed to tho Mil nti-l lay there afraid. One moment more and wo wore itt darkness ftl i together, in tumiilt beyond hearing, nir tliick wU» powdery water1, crush, whirl, roar, shriek. The John Andrew* heaved and spun around. I lost conSpougnefw, never thinking to sec the sun again. I don't know what time passed, but it could not have been ftme before I rolled from under the beiich nnd sat up, moaning ,. fco myself nnd lioMing my head, not from nny bodily pain, for I was not hurl, but it ? waa as if my mind were wrenched, beaten anfrBore. ? The tniat was thick arm -white ana cold; the John Andrews rocked to and fro. i' creating and groaning; why she was still a bai-ge and not T'idinR out the storm in pieces) I could not explain. The cyclone waa gone anyway, and had loft us in the mist. * Left us! I stared around blankly. The mist seemed to make a solid wall 20 ft. away. To live through that turmoil of, lunatic elements would barely happen to' be more than one. There was nothing but bubbling r.nd beating water to hear, and white mist to see. 'This won't do, ' ' I thought, and told myself to get up and look about, but I wit still, nevertheless, and shook all over, and was afraid. Now I heard another sound, a crackling, and saw a luminous place in the mist, and crept toward it as a baby creeps to any ;?-- shining light. It was the doorway to tlie galley stairs. The smoke poured up through , it, and it glowed from the brightness be-^ low. When a ship goes round like a top ' a stove dtoesn't stay unmoved. This one had set fire to the barke. To be burned to death! For choice I would rather haS'e gone ballooning on a cyclone with the crew. There was no daze 1 , about me now, I jumped to my feet, had a passing' glimpse out of my memory of Harly diving d-own those stairs, and knew that if there were any further chance of human companionship for me I must reach Harly. . ' I put my arms up uselessly against the smoke and went down the stairs. The smoke was white like the mist above, but pleasant in so far as it was dry and hot, but it felt only warm because of the chili in my flesh. The far end of the interior was in a blaze. I stepped on something that slipped. T stooped and gripped Harlv bv the collar where he lay in a heap, havinc fallen ?o, and I plunged up the stairs dragging him after me somehow. So I came out again into the mi.=t dragging the limp, weight, and quite blank in my brain ns to what T should do; but it was instinct to get as' far from the fire as I could. So I went, with Harly -on my shoulder, down into the ship's waist where the warer was breast-high or near it, and RwaphinR the chairs and tables about. I judged they were well broken un. but did not care to see; and from there T carried Harly up to the forward deck, which wan a flat sur face forty feet across with only the mast and a hatch or trnp-donr breaking the planking. The mast had become a splin tered stum]), the planking near it was torn apart, tho tran. too, was (rone. I Rpread Harly out on that deck. There y was a cut on his head, but he was alive, nnd I thought there might be water enough . in the air to bring him to. Anyway, if the John Andrews were to burn, it seemed common sense to make a raft.. There was commonly an axe under the bench by the wheel, fio J went down again into the Wank water with its scum of broken furniture ?thrashing about. How the fire was .gaining I could tell by the great glow in the mist. I dodged the heat 'by the galley door, and went along by the rail; the. smoke was coming up through the planks. The' axe was in its place. The finding of it consoled me greatly, and I waded back, gripping it, and thinkine, 'Here's someone who won't drown or burn if he knows ?himself,' feeling grim also in my mood, so that though I found Harly sitting u'. 1 said nothing to him, but fell to knocking -up planks. He seemed dazed a little, and was wining tho blood from his face. 'Chopping her up?' 'Yes.' . 'Whv?' \ 'On fire.' 'Oh!' That was all wo said. I got up four . . planks with the nails sticking in them, and nailed them together in a square. If you keeping on nailing planks together, in the end you get a raft— not comfortable in a choppy sea, but shipwrecked people have no right to Iv coml'ortabl.;. ' I thought myself smart to see things so clearly and find ?o simple a way oj deal ing with shipwrecks, and I thought noorly . of Harly, to be doing nothing but stare down into the waist of 'the shin and -at the glow beyond in the mist: no sort of a sailor, seeing the barge might ro down any minute. I *aid, 'Look here, TTarly, if you * float on my raft, you help make her.' 'Terrible lot of water lielowi here,' ? he replied, after a tjme. 'There's a dining room table floating round right side up ?under my feet.' Then I thought I had to do with an idiot, and went on hammering plunks. It was no time to argue, for shortly there caine a forward movement of the John 'Andrew, and I knew what is the feel of a sinking ship— it makes your stomach go into a knot. , , , I ran and caught Harly by the collar, and cried, 'She's sinking!' 'Sink nothing. Le' go my collar!' he eaid. 'She aint sinking. There's water coming in. 'Twill put out the fire.' The calmness of him staggered me; he might be right. 'Why won't she sink?' 'All wood. Wood don't sink 'less it's waterlogged. Where was you. brought up? She's nothing but a raft, this 'here John Andrews. What you want to make ,au other for? Why,- look! If she ' wttlpp , enough to put tbe fire out, that's pood. If if she don't, lot bcr burn. She can't burn ^ , past the waist, which is jnoatly under f4' ? . J ~ * - * . wSlwhei/ WA AW iftttp. fasti f tfera'f t™rt i '^Jm$r\\.-. ,- / ?? , : ??; .. :-, .. ' ??-? ? ;.??-...- ; nMe 1 km JHitd» fti tlfe defik, .flfld I mim '?Jiiln ispingji # shallow Water, gfufitlnf a Irttk at thatj 1 1,*he (T»hn Atirfrews did not wt*le nt ottf im at first, twit rose, «nd m ht m £ could txe iti Ihe ftiist she thight ha«e trsefi Wiing fllfrofejitef, ' ' ' - ? -^^ - -ITariy put his head Hp. ist(1-! Sink nfr tlung, gho's geinj; ttjHiko one of tltefn S«ndHy-«ehool nnfseky'flffii dromjed aeain. 1 cotdd plainly hear tbe whistle ana hiag of Mentn, nnt1 knew that thfe fire was-beintf put tint, J judjfed now ihttt it bwriiea dmrn fiyitti the port4ioles tilt stopped above water-line. After that the water would ooffie in btft slowly tot a ibime, till as the stern sank it would come in fnsfcef andiaster, and tiattifnlly a* the etstn sank the prow wetit up, but ^lie couldn't stay up there forever fike'n forsaken itld kite. You notice that barges have high decks fore and nft, nrid Wmit iihe sides run low between. 8o that wheti tbe stern of the Jolm Andrews 'mnk deep it began to pour into' the waiist in rivers with a grea't noise. The prow dropped, and the water rushing forward spouted on the fore-deck. Harly onme up pretfv Avet and scared, but he had his shirt full of tins. , The John Andrews settled slowly, vou might say inch by inch, the black tumbling water coming nearer us up the side. It made me fidgety, that's the trutfh. Down we sank till the Water lay over the si-.le* of the ship's middle, maybe two frfet, and then stopped. Karly-said, 'I told you so. Fact. I did,' and began chiselling at tins with his jack knife. 'That there raft of yours, that's a fancy steam yacht, that is. Fact.' All the panic, he was sitting on my raft, and lie didn't chisel any tins till the John Andrews had quit settling. We felt better, of course, and ate near a can of tinned meat apiece, and drank peach juice out of its' natural can, and some kind of cold soup. 'Trouble with you,' said Harly — he had a can of peaches in %is hand, and his knees hunched up. under his chin — 'trou- ble with you is them nqvels about tihe' Pa cific Ocean. Land! I don't read anything else myself.' The uight came on very dark, with hours a week long, and some hundred or more of them. Its well enough not to be drowned or burned, but to be cold and wet and sleepless isn't real happiness. We lay close together shivering, and told everything we knew or remembered to make the time pass by. Harly -said tbe current set east, what there .was of it, and we might drift to Can.ida in a day or two, if the mist didn't rise before and let some craft sight us; but we might not drift ashore anywhere, and the mist might not rise. *- Never mind about the rest of the night. It wasn't a success. Morning came, and we looked longingly for the mist to rise, but it didn't. We were miserable, cold, discouraged; but in time we felt the sun through the fog gratefully, and I fell asleep at last, stretched flat on the deck. . — 1 woke to hear a low roaring, and to see Harly standing over me. ».,'-Going ashore?' he asked, coolly. I sat up and stared, and knew the roar ing to be the surf, although nothing could be seen but the white mist. 'How?' 'Haft,' said Harly. 'Good idea of yours. Fact. ' The John Andrews was tilted so that the lower side was a few feet from the water. The lake was' still rough, the water dismal and black. Harly fell to chopping a. plank, and made what might be called paddles. We slid the raft along, heaved up one side, and over with it. It started away on striking the water, but he jumped on it and pad dled it back, and we set to. work getting away from that weary old wreck in silence. Only once Harly stopped and pointed back. 'They were a decent sort,' he said. 'The cantain and Burns?' 'And the cook and the John Andrews. That was their luck. Fact. This here's ours.' The surf wet us well, but the shore w.is near, nearer than it seemed because of the mist. We touched sandy bottom, waded out and saw dimly a man baling a catboat hich on the beach, who turned and stared at us. ''Well!' ;he said. 'Now, where'd you come from?' For no doubt we seemed to come like ghosts out of ^the mist which hid the lake, with nothing to account for us. :'I\nft come ashore. Fact.' said Ilarly, anrl we went right on to Kincardine, in Canada.' 'No pood explainin' things to folks,' ptM.1 TTarly to me. 'Wppt a man's jaw out that iv.iv. Fnnt,' and I lmow that this time yarn of the John Andrews was never told before. — Boston Youth's Companion. 