AIL EIGHTS RESERVED (PcKLTSHEX) BY Sr£GIAI. AjiTi.AXGF.HENT.) PENH ALA : A WAYSIDE WIZARD. By CLARA LEMORE, Author of '• A Hakvest ok Weeks," " A Covenant 1 With the Deaii," " Gwen Dale's .Omul," "A Wak With Destiny," Etc.. Etc. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CHAPTERS -I to III.— Lancelot PenhaU lives with his boii. John, a lonely life, in a mansion known as " Penhala's House.' John, in love with a village girl. Hugar Pohvnele, is advised by his uncle, Stanislaus Petrovsky, to tret out of his difficulty with the srirl by pro posinc a false marriage. This is efiected, and i'etrovsUv shortly "afterwards meets with -nunishment by death for his political^ crimes. Hacar. who has a villaee lover. Morris Edy vean, i meets John I'enhala secretly by appointment, and after asking her to return him his mother's | rinc which lie had used in the mock ceremony, ! he tells her of his deception. Willi a cry she i rushes from him and hilis accident-illy into Uic i sea.. Morris Edvvean, who has been .a witness i to tiie interview, vows that he will ruin 1 cnhal.L, and stireadj the report that he s.-.w him push the <rirl into the sea. John's fatjier is hornned I it tho new5? nncl tins moment fetsnisl«xu>* IStrovX-.' the son of the executed Pole, bursts I in with a'happy erv, saying how jolly it was to I be at home again. . . CHAPTERS IV. and Y.—fleeing irom the threats of Morris-Ktivveanrnnd-the verdintof •' Wilful Murder " against him. John escapes, and assumes the name of John Smith. After various vicissitudes he gains money by card tricks. Y sung Stanislaus reads again and again a letter received from his father on tAic JUithfultiesEi to the Cause, and' telling 'trim whou necessity required .'it.to. forward the letter to John's father';.awl to plav his cards cautiously. CHAPTER "VI.—(Continued.) When the other members of the rinn j beisan to crumble at the day s takings, and hinted that the failing off was due to the dullness of the. man who <i\<i the.conjuring business, the Markiss " cut .up- rough, and s-.id right, out that he. had had enough of the -pirrfTp.r business, and announced his inten tion of working on i'.is own account in future. . . There was a big-rnw-thcnt-for.-nn^aaditton to his .exhibition of magic, the Markiss sang tenor in-the triees. and his detection was "hkeIFto~cause a serious difference to them. "He'd been glad enough to join em three years ago. when he was a baboy in irmc *r./l /lirln'r. know his way about." '••Yes! eos :why ? Didn't they Know • Cos it :ud been convenient to him at the -tiitte-te-idehis face behind the burnt cork— rmT fooi" might know that. Chaps wick white - Vimix Tind that almighty jinnickiug • TOT-of-talking, didn't 'jour nigger -minstrels from euict;.'' But' the Mackiss took no notice of the verbal bricks being filing'ar nun-ha jrisae.. un his small bundle, "washed hifl- face, and walked butT-of! tne' Sttic-rpom; •dowii"the' ricketty stair to xhc sorrrf. ri frpp ttipii - "He'found, the roart'-where thoir-lodglngs ■were situated quite deserted -wfcn he reached ~thE".'nsvemenr,"'aiid-CTen- in -the - wider -High street, teeming svitli- humanity a short .time -ago, there were nosigns.rif.iife at this nour. "Up and down the highways-faras-be cotrld rsefi-r there was not even a.twinklmg light in a window, to speak to.him:of hnnvau com-, naniohship : the whole city lay sleeping ■under the spangled purple ol. the solemn skv. Standing there, with tiiat curiously accen -^uate£t"fcditiir-of loneliness upon-.him, hich only comes to one shut ofi from his kind in the heart of a thronged, city. .with.the stars gazing down at him from abovc the irreg11!ar sky-line or the houses across the -way, and alT around him the scented silence of the summer night, an ciixotinil_lien.r}y, aki n t elation stoic upon him. followed by a touch .of wondering surprise at his own lightness of heart, surprise thnr Iip harl not-yet-forgotten :how. to.feel glad. ~ And he -did well to be glad;' -He had at last broken away from-t-ho-shasti-y- sucwr.na incs of those tirsr years 'or penance. He .had promised John Smith he would, and^ he had done it. ; He wondered a little whether 'stout-hearted old John knew how quickly the promise to him had been redeemed. ^ '•Promise, me that you'll get away from these., chaps.. here the very rirst chance you aet," he had said,, when the doctor had left them; alone, after- telling them the end was near: " and that you'll make your "way up to ^Lincolnshire. and give this. ..bundle-of .papers -into my-missis's keeping. It'll be a good \- excuse for breaking' with these London | j chaps. And don ' t—comc. back—among- - em again, mv boy—crive me your word you won't." -And the Markiss-had-given-his-vo_rd.-And here he "was.-already on the way to fulfil it ; only he could not start off direct for Lin colnshire, for the "reason" i,hnx"he had nota .penny-in his pockets. ■ Because he had-been accused of spoiling the day s takings, iie had not chosen to ask.for.iis share of them; and the Markiss never .had a penny put by. All :those.three years he had spent in the Loncion .slums, he had got rid or his money us last as he earned" if: his free-handed .recklessness havinrr helped t« .gain, for him the ntJe ho, had. borne ainong'.hw blackguardly com uanions. -'• ' \---Gn-the next day. an .extraordinary piece of luck befell him. A young fool who had won a hatful . or money' on the great -race was nincinc h's sovereigns about right and left. The. Markiss happened to '"take a pitch near his.partv. and the Indies in^tlie- carriage chose to* admire MC 'Stroilinn" -wizard^ deft manipulation of ;thc cards :ia..consniiimation to which ^his .pictiiresque appearaiiee-maiy in -sonTO^€asu"re-haTe. contributed. • . . , . Result, a couple- -ofr-sorereigns iossed-'to . Qm Markiss;—as if they-'-were s a "couple of nennies. .. - - - This windfall of-two sovereigns he took as .a. sign that lie was to_ prosper ori his Lincoln .shire journey. So eLited was ne that,_meet ■ inrr tha.inembers of .his, .old unu on Uiiv T,vr,y idown the hill at:the end of the dayiie took one of them into his-confidence.; • - - > - \- .That was one. of his ,many_ ^■eak,.points-rr.. 'thatdie could not suspecfanother of amean . nessimnossibie to himself^ ' ■ ■ • i - And so. in thelulness .oFfiis-lieart. and; because-ofihacnew pleasant tcrvieii'of hopeful "liess that was on him, he told "his- old com rades of his slice of iuckv and even stood drinks round at the rirst pab they eamo to, and then went on his way towards his last nisrht's camping-ground. it struck him once or twice, after lie had conmosed himself for theni-Tht. that he heard sounds of movement in the undergrowth near him. the breaking of a dry twig underfoot,, or the springing back oi a bramble trail that had j beentorced out of its natural position'by some pass-ng body. But the -^larkiss did not 1 trouble himself to inquire "what the sounds might mean. If poachers were in the woods is was no affair of his, still less was it his affair if the keepers were abroad. _ So he lay there listening to" the whisper of the puie needles, and the distant: croaking or a frog, and. the occasional lowing of kine from the |mn r,f r'no mnrinr's dairy-farm close by, until, by and by, his thoughts grew indefinite and .disconnected, and the..soundF..around him ceased to convcv any meaning to nis brain and he slept. Iilary Fentimore had adopted, the practice of early rising since-her arrival at Love l^ine Cottage. Thar.moming half-hour she .spent •with Jilr.- Boxford, tramping through the woods to the pheasants' feeding-ground: was" one- of the most enjoyable times during her -whole day. " She loved tramping:through the dewy woods in the exquisite sweet iess and stillness of. the ne-wr-born day, she loved to watch Isatnre awake all flushed. and fresh, from her niizht s rest, and it was a delight to her to stand well back in the shadow of-the trees...and. see the gorgeous birds stealing :shTlrfrom the cover into the open, to peck daratilv at the strewn grain. Oue or another of the dogs would usually 'accompany them on these occasions..Jceeping ^bediently-afc his masfer's ^ron^h.J^iito'tatioris,-and crouching out-of - rsight in-the ^Tass yvith his muzzle on.his paws, j while tlie feeding was going on. ; '. On this- especial niorninx;. Eoderiek, the j settcrpuu, showed moreimpatience of control j ■than- usual. ; Once or.t»vic3 he broke away | fromthepathwr.y, and^K-entsnifiihgvigorov-.sly 1 among ihe midergrowth. -"'He always catno-, jjack-at,-his masters word, but ;he did- itl plainiy-under protest, resuming his investi-' gations the moment the keeper's eye was off him ftgain. ' " - - —, • " -He's a bit self-willed this morning." said Mary, presently. Boxrord sliook his head. and shot a sharp glance through, the brushwood. "There'ssomething there that hadn't ought to be, as I make it out," lie said. "The pup wouldn t be so rampageous about nothing. I'll take a look as_Lcome.lback. I'm a bit late for the birds already." " I'll go and look now," said Mary : " and join yoii on your way back." lioxKjrd threw an approving glancc over his shoulder at her. She was' made of good stufl, such a thing as fear never seemed to come into her head. "I shall bo back in five minutes." he said. '* I expect it'll be dead game, you'll find, lake my whistle, and call out if it's anything serious." > * ^ Mary took the whistle and turned oil" through the bushes, with tiie pup whimpering excitedly in front of her. * D J ust at the spot where they had left the path the undergrowth v.-as unusually thick, so that it was impossible to see anv distance ahead, and so it happened that Mary, skirt ing a solid lump of foliage, came utterlv un prepared upon what she had come to find. In that first moment of discovery she was not frightened, only startled. . The man was lying on his side with his back towards her. and iiis head pillowed on his. outstretched arm. She took in at a glance his black stock ings, scarlet knickerbockers, short black jacket, and a mass of wavy chestnut hair. Evidently one of the wandering minstrels down for the races; "who had stolen in here for a night's rest. She was turning awny again, when she saw Roderick put his nose close to the sleeping man's head.* and snifl'. The next instant she was down on her knees, with the man's face turned up to the sky, and all the blood in her body making an inward rush lo her heart. As her glance fell on the red -stain where has head had lain, there was a moment's uualm ; but she pulled herself together heroically, and . blew =3 shrill call 011 the whistle. ! , -Kind God J (How -white his face ■_ was ! Everywhere but just that patch above -his temple, where the blood had dried over a .horrible wound. .Was-lie dead? -So": his ! hearc was still beating. Who and 'what was i he, to be here in such a plight as this '! His : clothes were those of a wayside mummer, : but his delicate features, and the impress of : mental suffering. so visible, even in his un consciousness. in the tense knit of iiis finely pencilled brows,, and the deep lines of thought, above his auburn moustache, surely they hinted at something higher in the social scale, than a strolling conjuror And his hands ! Beyond all. doubt they were the hands of a gentleman. Those long,-. slender, flexible, tapering fingers^ and those well-kept nails must belong to . a man accustomed to the .refinements of civilisation. How drawn and strained and troubled was the whole ex pression of his face! And yet, surely he was quite a young man I He was broad and big, but there was ■still"thar "suggestion of lissomness in the lines of. the throat and shoulders,' that slenderness in the loins which seem to hint at further development in the future. So young in years, and- vet so oldin snfter -ing ! A great-pity w:elled upinMary-Fentimore's neart as sne looked. The broad, candid fore-* \- head shoula.have been so smooth and calm, the fine brows should'never have taken that- ' -permanent knit or ^uiieu- stifi-eriny— as-of one ibenumgheiieath aburdeu beyond hisstrength. She.knew exactly'the haunted look his eyes -would have.- ..Ah, nun IieywasgoingTo "open' Heaven, what a. spasm.of; agony that was See how his brows came together, and: iiis iips- drew -biick, shovi'iiiix. the ieeili set hard,on one another within ! , . . , W oula nobody jever come ! . , . -Again she bletra shrill call pnher whistle,' and ,if thp sound-.-the- eyes or the■ injured man unclosed.in sudden; startled conscious-' ness - nmi.gazed wonderingly into.her. own. '• And then came -the -crashing of hurryin" .footsteps through the. undergrowth^-ani.the-. astonished Boxford strode into view CHAPTER VII. \--Part of the .Shadow That is ox Me."" It was tnree weeks -since Ivi p.vv. Fentimore and the pup Roderick had found John Smith in Lord Haphazard's -plantations — three weeks since he had been 'brought home, in sensible. to the cottage in .Love .Lane,, and he was there still, -This was Mary s doing. B?>xford had-' suggested taking the unconscious man into • Chichester, and leaving him in the hands of the authorities, but . Miss Ifentimore had uegged so earnestly that he might be soared tne ordeal of the jolting ride into the town, and had given the good ueonle of the house to understand so..unmistakably- that they should lose nothing"by "their kindness to the poor fellow,, that it had .ended in her havin^ her own way. ° He is.no common roadside stroller," she said slyly. 1' Look 'at his fingertips. and his' almond-shaped nails. Look how.delicate his' nands are,- for all their-sunburn.- A - woman- ■ wher knows as much of the aristocracy as you do. Mrs. Boxrord. must know that that is the hand of a gentleman. " I -believe this ridiculous dress is some mad freak. For all ■we know he may be some very highly-born person—some nobleman's son who was carry ing out of a practical joke, and fell into bad company, and got Tough treatment. Surely : we cannot do 'wrong in showing him a little kindness, till he-can tell, us who he . is,- and enable us to communicate with his friends." 1 So the mountebank -was carried into tlie -remaining spare bedroom, and there he remained for three weeks, attended by the best doctor in Chichester, and nursed bv -Miss Fentimore and Mrs. Boxrord—with the assistance of a hired nursa for the ni<dit. work. = Even in his delirium he was a model patient, but when that trouble was over and iic.^ v.-^s—rational again, his obedience to oraer.s, and his: perfect.patience under the tea nun and misery of convalescence, made alary: feel sometimes as if . Sie-must vun Tiway. and -have good'"cry. : She had had experience of sick men bejora_.and she-.kne^ the slate. of niind .taut; was natural ta them when recovering from illness : and. :knowinf this, she asked herself a. dozen limes v day what. could:.have been the circumstances of' ■this man's past life to produce such humble mindedness,-such a pathetic irratitude for small services,' as he evidently felt. ' : 'Sometimes, as she ministered to hiscdm fort he would watch her about the room with ^ a look 111 his eyes that brought alum.?: - .intO-her. throat.; rand she would have to run ' away and fight the folly down bv herself. For Miss Fenthuore hated nothing more .than uncalled-for displays of emotion, and she .would never have pardoned herself bv criving ' way to anything of .tiie kind, in the presence- > or fler patient. Indeed, she found it rather hani -v\ork to forgive herself even for the' Private indulgence of such jolly; butxhesad humility, the shamed .wonderment of the ■ poor fellows manner, as he accented her trifling services,: seemed to hint at"such an overwhelming consciousness ;of ;his own self- ' aoasement. such a constant sense of his owii undeservingness. that she could not always keep her sorrowful pity within bounds. Of course,- she was annoyed with herself for giving way in this absurd fashion, and ihatLJvas _why,. as he approached convales-' ceuce, she withdrew . herself gradually from ' Jhe invalid s room. .If she. could.not remain 111 his society vrithout behavingJike a weak minded 'fool, she must-keep*" out of :it/that was all. And; so it fell out thru, for ..the last few days of his confinement to his room, John smith sawnothiiig of his sweat-raced nurse, And ..missed her as nobody but a sick person' can miss a fellow-creature. But' lor all that he never presumed to speak of. her to Mrs. -Boxford : only won dered incessantly whetlier he should ever see her again, to thank her for her kindness to a cosr-away who could never hope to repay her. . Hitherto he had endeavored to shut his eyes to his own degradation, but he could no longer be blind to it. In the moral .-lumino sity of a good woman's presence his social .defilement stood forth with-hideous clear ness, and he shrank back apualled at. the sudden ;self-revelation, at the* contrast be tween his two selves, past and present. -;-And_ this was his mental condition when he found himself strong euoiH-h to net dowr> .'stairs again, and asked for his clothes that he might -take , himsek on out of the '•":.. ^these good Samaritan* And then it vi\,« v— name. "Miss Fentimor getting you some ■ told him. ' "She 1 of •showing yoursei! things,' when you g. '.ventured to got ro: your coat to the brought you back h wVi'w; ^i John Smith laughed in a kind of feeble desperation. "X wonder if Miss Fentimore understands the sort of character.Iain," he said, Toughly. •'Do you take me for a prince in disguise, that you overwhelm me with favors like this .But.Mrs Bnxford. only shook herJiead and said, nothing, and left.him to make his toilette. _And, because his own clothes were nowhere visible, he was forced to attire himself in those of MissFentimore's providing. IIow did she think he was ever going to repay her, he wondered sardonically; and began to wish that this fairy princess, with the clear limued grey eyes and the tender voice, had left him to fight things out in his own fashion, after lie had been robbed and half murdered out in the woods yonder. And when lie got out on the staircase presently, and heard 110 sound of. movement in the house, am1, saw the door below wide to tiie summer sunshine, a sudden idea came to him to make, his escape there and then, and leave his gratitude for some other day. But he altered his mind when he reached the open door, for Miss Fentimore was sit ting in the garden, and escape by that way was impossible. The poor wretch was very weak yet. and as he took in the full meaning of the lit tie picture out there in the shadow of the acacia tree—the.daintily set out tea-table, the large cane chair, with a rug spread under it, and a large cushion at its back. Miss, Fenti more herself in a spotless cambric frock. girt round with a'.pale blue waist, ribbon \--as he saw it all, and recognised the fact that the little festival had been, got up in honor of his reappearance.-such a mad yearn ing after the unattainable fell up0n.him.tha4 the hot tears rushed to his eyes, and he hid his face with his hand, and fell back into the shadow of the porch to ■steady himself. Once agabi, as he .stood there in the creeper-smothered porch, the inclination to get away' Fomewhere where she could.not find him; to'.release her afc onee.and for ever ironi the overshadowing . influence.. of, jiis guilty., presence, seized! upon him : but;"before'hc could pluck back his gaze from h'er.. dainty loveliness, she lifted her eyes and^saw hini,, and the- next thing he. .knew.-.was that', bis hands were in kers, and she was congratulat ing him on his convalescence, with her clear,; candid glance raised to his in the outspoken warmth of a pure woman'sririendsliip. For a brier. blessed breathing-space, as she led him to the big cane chair, and arranged the pillows behind him. it, seemed to hiui that those three and- u-lialf years of black, blinding misery were-nothing but a hideous dream, to be put behind him ;uid forgotten— for a few minutes all his old. attractive man ner returned to him, and he found himself answering her enquiries as-he .would have answered them of old, in that long past time of his life which had.became a mere memory to him. And then, all in an instant, the full sum of his own .enormity rushed back upon him. and he stood up, abruptly checking himself .in the midst of a grateful .replyjo some of. her enquiries. : ■ " What in Go'&'s.naute -am 'I doing ?." -he burst forth ; and at the sudden'.-,anguish/.in' his .voice she stopped her little bustle among the cuds and.saucers, ;.aTKlr rested her hands on the edge of theitray. looking up- pitifully; at him. ' *y\£iss Fantimoi4, fhisfarcfrmusth'tr go.on any longer. It took my breath away -for a'.moment."A\ihen you came tST.-mevlike—/ like that—as if 1 had been^an- old,'friend^ -ind^reeted hie as you would greet aneoual.;; I was too;iaken aback- to set-you'Tight -at;' once. .-Itis all a terrible,mistake, jnj%.£ind'. ryoung/iady. —I am not the sort of wait*'to be received like this, by.you.... Do ypu.;kTioy„ .tfre.sort or thing I am 1 I come of the; very, dregs of the .people;' When X am at liome' I Jive inihat part iorlondon:which. is.. Kjuwv u. to .such ;as -.you as ;The > Slums, ,and,;my.: associates' 'are; i almost without Exception,.: members ox.the criminal classes. ■ Aiid-I-^iP I'anTtrotrin very! deed a criminal myself—I am the'nex't thing to ft—i-I'am arrogue and a ' -vagabond, dear lady ; that is my -title, ac: cording, "to the 4aws of my country. '1 To descend to detail, I am a Vvayside \\\ izai.\V. •who turns a nimble penny by practising the hocus- pocus business .at racermeetings and penny-ift-ii's. 1, ask your pardon for pcr suming to sit in -your .presence,..as I. did just now. Xiorgot myself, i on—you " 4 • Forgot myself, too,- .-Mary put in, with a little, smile. ■" :.Siie, was startled, there was no denying thaty but she-was sorry too. more sorry, than "she could, say, for tiie worn, weary mm who 'stood at the other edge of . the small table,, bent-.beneath the heart-breaking conscious ness.oi ins.own fallen condition. '; As for presuming to sit in my presence," .she went on, gently, " that is all nonsense. You are not strong enough to stand, .liven now,, you are .half- xainting with fatigue. Don't let us waste thought upon such trifles as. social, distinctions- ■•until -you- are a little stronger. At present our relations towards each other are: only those of nurse and patient, and you must Joe docile and.obedient.. Let me set your pillows straight for you again. Y ou must .rest yourself. Dressing has fagged vou. I had a -serious illness myself some few years ago, and T;remember that the first day I felt my room I was readj7 .to, cry. with, ex haustion. Some day, when . you. are a little stronger, youshall talk to me as much "is yon like .about yourself, but to-day we will talk of pleasant things only." Agitation and : weakness had set him shak .ing.~ and he-, offered no further resistance, when she gently persuaded him- into his chair again. " . ; "He was silent for a little,-watching her dainty management of the tea.-tii.ble., JEe. did not remember much about his mother, but he had one clear memory of her,.in a white dress, making tea in a garden arbor, with a lawn bathed in the summer sunshine as a foreground, and all around her the flutter of leaves, and the drowsy buzzing of bees, and the gladsome song of .the. birds. . J5is.mother had been just such another as this girl ; and he was—what he was ," !• thought,y -he said, presently. - ■ "I ex pected that you would refuse to have any thing more to -do"witEme when you heard what i-ieally was." \-- "Then-you had not formed a very good opinion 01 me.'' she answered, him. " But I am not really so surprised as you seemed to expect: I guessed at something of. the sort, you know. But I guessed at something else, too— I guessed that things-svith you had not been always as they are now—ind besides," she hurried on, i afraid that he .might take mis last remark as a hint that she was, curious ■ to know, more abbut hiro, '" thereis another reason why.I. should have stood by you iii your trouble—you and I ars brother chips— you'see we both belong to the community of. mummers—I am a public singer. For the last year L hrtre.been earning my.livinsr as a. member-of Mr. Burlington's travelling opera company. -Perhaps that will make you ieel more at home—to know that I am.as.truly a rogue and.a vagabond as you yourseh, if we go.imfor. the strict letter of the law.'' '■ ii. ghost bf-.T: smile,iouched his lips for-aii instant,..ariitwas..gffii0'again-;..and she, seeing the change it wrought inrhis' face, Tvas seized with a desire'to biing.it backagain. . . . ' \- "That does not,lessen .tiie. distance be tween us, .dear lad}-.' ..There is nothing in common—God forbiithat there should be between you. and meT X' belong to "those wh o stand in'^the outec .'darkness for. ever and ever—your.lot .shall Tie always-full of„bpglit ness, niidlight, and, happiness, because o £;i he beauty and goodness of Tour heart,■ ' ; 1 Her eyes darkened with a touch of pain. "It is because you are weak that you talk so hopelessly," she said. " Because you have imade some terrible .mistake in your past—ionrive me ! I can't.help guessing at sometliing of the sort—is that any ; reason wliv vou are never to do good in the time to come I It is folly. You are so. young—the bast part of your lire-is still before you." He shook his liejid. " If tou knew what niy past life'.has"been .like," he said quietly. As she looked across at his.white, drawn face,sudden touch-or-'hesitasicirfeli upon her. The color came and went hi her .cheeks, and, .-when she spoke, her timidity ■ was - very, apparent .in • her lowered tone, and thetvemulousness of her lips. ""Who has made you a judge of what is pardonable and what not I 1 do not be lieve there is any sin we are capable of thai is wwt making atonement for. ' Though riv.-v sins-be as. scarlet, iliey shall be :;s " ' White as snow,' " lie said, breaking ■ that, long pause with a.repetition of herjast words. " White :as. snow?' _ ThatJL shall never be. -Kcpeniance and pardon don't ; come in the tray of. such its me. .And yet—" lie paused, meeting her compassionate glance, and went on again, with a quick longing at his heart to bo even as she would have inni—"and yet, if 1 could cleanse myself of some of the scum that lias settled on mc in these last ghastly years, I would —I would try to be something better than I have been, if only out of gratitude to you, dear lady." Marv's face flushed aL'ain. (To be emit inn-) 