EAST ADELAIDE. MESSRS. SCHERK. HUTCHINSON, AND JOHNSON. The three candidates for the reprenta- tion of East Adelaide addressed the elec- tors in the Town Hall Exchange room on Wednesdav night. The Mayor. Mr. A. W Ware, presided over a large attendance. Mr. Scherk said this was the sixth time he had appeared before them. He ivier red with ihe flcopi-.! ngr«-i lo the diatii ol his Iru; (.c-lli-agut-, Mr. McPherson. 'J h. v mi:-? .idi.iii «hi!i in tl;-- I rvitiji tini.- mihIi A«Midl:i line! passed ihr.-iupli the very lir.«t li:il bwn done for ihr culony. It was e-t!.y tsioiizh to coveru a colony in goo.l linn-.., and h.« .-i;il .ill honour to -.ho (ipvcriinuMii lor v.liat l!tr.. Ind done in the --imi:u- M.mcr.e. (Hear, hear.) During the thir- teen years he had represented East Ade laide ho l:ad noi ll)i^^rd a i-inglc di.v in at irnd.i!HC nl the lloiiso, aril ho hal i-.i'c eredfd in iarr- ing a-. many, if ni-t in-nv. Mills aii'l iu;ti.-n- limn any othrr niein! ,?;? oi ilu- .V--.vip.1-1-. t Appl;.;isi-. i Tin- hum fine/, ir.i.ludcd the Savn.ps Haul; Anuii.t Jiieiit Bill for t ho lnii:-!ii of J'ripndly So ?ielicr-. Iv.o tiMfui .^uivcyors Itiljs, add a Kill for the Adelaide Cornorntion. Ho h.id carried ciari.- mntioni- whirli win- for tin« wi-lll^jing ui tho cily, inclinliiit: miv rrlal ins to the .Inl)ike Mval, iinotlu-r to allow Hie.in s\ri)ii»in-r Irssoiis lor cliiMt'i-u. .i»'J another niMilutins n |Kirent»' visiung day at the ?rhnol-.. lie had also Miirerdcd in raiTving i.:ot ons in fat-uur of thr Pivi'»ion of a new seiiool in iJillo-slrec!-. iiiul np pfiinluift a public actuary for Frii-ndlv s- ciclic.-. Ii .i man cniricd out. thn proiv.irc lii; .'uaile lie was «-!tt.;tlpiJ to the i-oncnu.-d :-uppori_oi !n» consul net !i?. Hi* other piililir liu'.if- jiu-l'.idr;! mrinltr^hip of tin Atlclaiile1 Si-liool linanl nf Advu.- t'm- ilic past If! or 10 \raiK. the Srheinl of Mims Couiir.il. nnd tin- lionnls -if tho tiuinru nnd Zoological fiardcii*. all of whirli iur;:nt work. (Hear, ht.u-.i )li- was a nn nilhi- of I ho late Ct-ini.-trrii~« Commisr-ion, which, mi I hi« r.;sl iiiR-voti* of tin' Chairtv.aii. Mr. Llatfhclor, rcfK-irted agamst. il»- Patatield C'ptnclco-, v.-hit-ji would nimply lipromc a poor Mian's hiriul p-ound. It' ho w.i- n-- liinuil again he would advocate the opcn inu of another cemetery nearer AoVI.-.ido. where |-poplc rouhl more freely vi-il llu graves of departed dear ones. (Applause.) he would also urge the removal of the Destitute Asylum to Parafield. which, Mr. Lindsay had said, was an excellent site whereupon the poor, old, and unfortunate people in life could be made comfortable for the remainder of their days. (Hear, heat.) He regretted that the Civil Ser- vice and Police Superannuation Bills had not been gone on with last session. It was only just to the Civil servants that their conditions should be improved. They were deserving of promotion and increased salaries; indeed, he was surprised that the lumber of mm. of »tt-^*rl»n11.rt ^ the . ;\ ;: service m so uulL The police were L.-iii-ubtedly Differing as injustice, and if :.-?-? Oorenunent diel not take up their . ?;-e next *e$aion lie would. I Applause.) i -??? o important measures parsed last year it? the Pastoral and Crown Laud* Bill*. ?:c hid voted for Ion;; leases for the pusto .has, who could scarcely be too liberally : rued because thev provided a lot of ? rk. i Applause.) He \va* sorry that the ? ml Values A&est-ment; Bill had been Ion ?: tin- L'p|«r Iloiue. but the majority \--ii'.st it was only one. At lean 300 new in..- had been put up in East Adelaide /.::ii:;i the past three yean in anticipation : the pacing of the Bill, and that showed h.u private enterprise had been at work. :!?? promised to leave no stone unturned to ? 'tig about Part six. (Hear, hear.) With .?-?pea to taxation, he advocated an all \- un-l laud us, without exemption, and he :A been sconsutent on that point througn ?::: his career, and was as strongly in favour ?' it u ever. He would support moct of ho Guvernuient policy, but not some of the :o.u-, such as State tire insurance. With. l -:-.-. t to the capitation grant, the people i::J decided against it, and as our present ?'.ucatiouul system had worked so iplen h-lly -and they trculd jrrant he knew some hing about it— he would not vote for any ikeration. (ApplauK.) If the Catholics -ero to receive a rubsidy for education all no other religious bodies would be entitled :- it, and mj long as our educational system emaincd a secular one they had no right to n:-.ric;e with it in the way proposed. v-^P* l:.u-c.) He thanked them for their fair .i.iriu^ (Applause. An Elector— 'Top ot !:a r-oll-') .Mr. Hutchbon asked for a renewal ol heir confidence on the ground that he bad Imnestly endeavoured to carry out the ?lodges he bad given. Many Liberal meu ?ui-.a bad been rejected, but that was not iue- to him or to the party to which he be ciitred. It was due to the pverrepresonta ;ieu in 1'arluinient of a privileged tew— of a .'csiK-rvative clique, who cared not how the ..o|-!e slaved or lived so long as they were :ht? miners aud their vested interests were ?iinected. He had not promised them a uillennium, aud he was sure that no other ..:ndidate had one up his sleeve. (Alder ??an Johnson— 'How do yon know?') IV hat had the Labour members done? (An KUetor— 'Nothing.') He cxeuted that :mn's ignorance. They had voted in favour ?;' fter-* Liberal measure that would bene 1: South Australia, irrespective of whether i v.-as for the squatting, farming, or indus :rial classes. They haa spoken against acta .-I injustice to Civil servant*, they had pre sented the reckleu waste of public money ivhk-h used to go on in the days of the rre.it unpaid Parliament, and they had sup P'Tieu the Loan Conversion Bill, which ?ra-i-ted a saviri: of £30,000. and the Health Bill. What bad the Cower .-.?uive* done? They had firennonsly YP^sed every measure to benefit the wor ;.er#. They bad refuted to give the women i vote, and now came with tea, taffy, and joneyed words and asked the womeutovote icainn the verv men who bad gives them :i:e franchise. They had also threatened to JiMOcare the whole business ot the country. i An Elector— 'Oh! Bosh.') They bad threatened to stop supplies rather than say iliat a referendum should be taken, on the household suffrage subject. (An Elector— Xn; they would not let Kingston do it aQ 1'^nc') The Conservative* had tried to fuangle the Export Department— some ot them were now its best customers— and tliev had opposed the State Bank, which hr.il assisted 1,600 producers. He was proud n( the rc.-ults of the operations of that !'..ink. and would not rest satisfied until it n-as made a. Bank of issue.' The Conserva tives had gone against the stoopage of the -tie of Crown lands, they bed been anxious ;?? .-omplete the Transcontinental Railway ip'l to flood South Australia with coloured I .boar, and they had thrown oat the Work :.'ii's Compensation and Early-closing 1'ill*. The Labour Party had helped the sunoralirts. They, too. were in favour of : -ncr leases, but when the land was wanted :'--r men they should be considered before s-tuep. The party had tried to stop the sale 'i Crown lands, and that would have ken carried in the Asembly but r.ir the traitorous action of 3lr. Giles, who, 1 c hoped, would not be seen inside the '..-nils of Parliament again. He would not :m content until the alienation of every foot of the land was stopped.- A free 1-re.ikfast table ought to have been hen Ions; ago, and despite the opposition of the (.'.ivoronwot the remission of the duty on one of the articles— tea— was lost, by only m.p v-te Inn session. A tax on land values vnu!d Tint press more heavQr on the far r.-.™ ? than on the other classes, became the i- would be amply compensated through the' remission of tha Customs dudes. No more important question than that of household suffrage had cmne before Parlia ment. It wa.* an insult to their manhood to- «ay t.hac tho*» who Aid not. lire in a hrcae ucrth £25 a year should not have a vote. . At present any blackguard out of gani who posresaed a bit of land or some noces and mortar was qualified to vote for ill— Council. One of the worst blots on :ke Statute-book should be removed. If l.e never received another Catholic vote he v.-i;M oppose the capitation grant. He v.r-jid fi?bt the matter with his last br.-sih. and make his ghost prompt ids «;:? re?K-r if be did not follow in the same w.rs*. He believed in free, secular, ccm i-Uor-'. and secondary education. The E.:rly-eloshiir Bill had been lost, but he had i.-i tried a clause limiting the hours of wo i;'..-n and children to forty-eight hours a u-tck and those of men tq fifty-two hours lie could not make -those of men forty eight hour?, but they would have it yet. ?'An Elector— ''You're not in yet.') He U2s anxious to see the Police Fund put on s *ui-f.'.ct6ry basis, and he wanted the ]-.(t/-r:e3 Act extended. He favoured S:.ire rire insurance, and also the Inna ni;:ka Faihvay. which should be reproduc tive, and which was only beaten because the line wns not nude to zig-zag thrown ?Jie back yards of different members. He v.-as disappointed with the Government for ix: baring undertaken the nationalization at tLs tramways and the institution of a beiler traction^-electrii for choice. _ Even sleepy Tasmania was ahead of us in this respect, and we were the only colony with hdrse cars. He favoured an outer harbour and a graving-dock. Give the' Labour Party one or two more members and they wouM see what they would do. He ai&ed; for a renewal of their confidence, and hi» pa3t experience would help him in promoting th3 welfare of Soutji Australia. fAnplause.) Alderman Johnson made no apology for his candidature, because e^etj citizen had the right to aspire to a position' in Parlia n-.rnt. It occurred to him that the legis lation of the pa*t few yean had been of a dlninctly retrocrade character. The time had been oenroied by attempts at so-called liberal legislation, with the result that the peonle hid had to nay additional taxes, while their opportunities for earning a de cf-nt living: had been considerably decreased. The number of unemployed had been alarmingly advanced until between 2,000 nnd 3,000 men clamoured for the right to nrn a living for themselves and their fami lies- We had earned on unenviable repu tation throughout Australia for faddist if^isL-ition, and so lone as the time of Par l'ument was wasted br measures such u Compulsory Early-closing Bill, Seating in Shops Bill. Xoisy Trades Bill, Barbed-wire Bill. Abolition of B.irmaids, cr even the much- tall:cd-ahoui Ratine on Land Values Bill, so Ion; would tho colony languish, in .«f-!te of it* wonderful recuperative powers and its pwibilitie?. Had their position, or the position of the colony as a whole. ?-iihan-ed cne iota by much of what had been dene by the last two Parliaments* .As frr as they were concerned personally the Government had chanted over £4,000 or the notice matntenace to them, which amount had had to be withdrawn from the proper management of the municipal works absolute necessary. As a remit their streets bad been impoverished, their Park Land*, npiarcs, and plantations starve! trom lack of f neds, and their money spent in ditccssicng in Parliament about fads that '.voiild never grow a tree in their planta tion* or nig a rod of around in thw re «rves. (Applause.) The confiidence of TiT-y« who had money to* spend in South Aujimlii had been absolutely broken. Had th* r«»s!tiop. of the colony ax a whole been ^'vnnced one iota? (An Elector-Xo. Mr. hutchKon— That'* the fault of the f onwryatives.) He did not interrupt Jtr. Hutrhison. and be asked him to be good enough not to interject no-v. (Mr. Hut r hi ton-Mr, ,,Chairuan ? Elcctors -hut ud: 'Sit down:' -Go on, John tr.n. » Every opportunity to increase pay ment irora the city to the Government had been seized. The Jubilee Exhibition Bufld inz was run in opposition to the Town Hall, and the Government refused to pay cny rates-th- maJdn? and reDairioR of the streets in front of their buL'dings and the sanitation work bad to be done free. The Government had even chareed them all of a sudden the paltry sum of £2 or £3 for the water in the troughs in the Park Lands used by the horses and cows. (An Elec tor — And that's the poor man's cow.) Us would oppose any attempt to ?lose the sheps by Act. believ n? that the rwnlt would be to trive trade from outlying parts of the city r- centres inch as Rundle, Kins Wflham, n.l Hindley streets. (Applause.) He vis eppoeea to the Land Values Assess nent BilL bis seven years' experience is ?die -City Council haring shown him that t!ic present system worked well. Those v.lio advocated it were pure theorists, and the disabilities under it would be far greater than they were, under the present system. Theorise as much as they liked they would find in practice that 'the value of cottage ??r any other property was merely a qae» t:on of demand and supply. (Applause.) Early closing, taxation on land values, and an alteration of the conduct of the State schools were placed before them as having the highest importance, but would they add one bushel of wheat to the crops or put an extra |H-und of wool on the sheep's back* (Cheers.) There were greater subjects, such a* irrigation, water conservation, pas toral ami mining intercuts, aud the wehare ot the general producers. These matters touched the \ery kernel of the Mioeww or failure of the whole of them. There were thousands of acre? ot l.r.ul which for oc cupying a man ought to be paid a bonus rather than bo charged rent. Did uoi any one deserve encouragement who went aut into the Uod-forsikcn arid Far Xcvih? (Applause.) As to boi-..«oho!u suffrage he would reduce the qualification tor the Council to £20, aud thut wouid place every one in East Adelaide within reach of it. He had seen much of the seamy side ot' lite, and it was decidedly unfair that people, rho lived in tingle houses, and who came and went without caring whether the colony went to pot or not, should be placed on the same footing -as those who had a more substantial interest in the country. With respect to the capitation, grant,' he laxr net necessity for a change. His whole cha racter was open to them, and 'would stand the closest scrutiny. He was honestly prer pared to have laid bare every action of bis during the past seven years intheCityCoun cQ, and he was prepared to look back on his past business career of twenty-five years and shake bands with every man with whom he bad had dealings. 'He claimed their support as a South Australian born and bred, as one of their own kith and kin, and as one who wax honestly prepared to stand by every word of what he bad said. (Loud cheers.) On the motion of Councillor Sellar the candidates were thanked for their ad dresses. 