THE MYSTERY OF the SM HODSE. f £njsliskes sec sfecial laainoemskt. HIT JSLi Author of "Peg the Rake," " Kitty thVRag," "Two'Bad Blue Eyes," "A' Woman in It," "Darby and Joan," " Tho Grinding Mills of God," " A Daughter of the' " - People," "A Husband of No Importance," &o.;, &c.; ' : cori'Riairr. , CHAPTER XXXVI. Extracts Copied From the Journal op Ursula Pemiarva. jC -ARCI-I Oth, M ISM. — Sovon- J %/B. joeu to-day,' I If J and they kept fr-A -A- my birthday for mc in right good stylo at Ponbarva. It was my grandfather's ivish, and that was over law to my mother, who was ii timorous body, and stood in great awe of liter husband's family. I wore u now silt gown, and wo dme .. away from St. Just in ii oharior. and pair, my. \ mother and I, while my father l-odu at our sido for I ooinpany. Tlio morning wns fine >» and bright with tho ' ooimng ot spring, ami full of scents and swoot- ncse. I envied my father on his horse. I would have loved to ride, too ; hilt my littlo maro hud boon loft behind, because, forsooth, I must bo dressed in tine gown and mcot my cousin John Penhiirvtt from Trwo, with whom I am to make a match one of these days. So my mother haB liintod, and having beon brought up in duty and obedience I listen demurely — und , sin- nothing. For indeed I havo littlo wish ft "bo married. I think girlhood should bo five and happy, and havo space and time for study and for judgmcut beforo it is given away to a mail's Iteopitig, and burdened with other cures. Still I do not speak such things even to my mother — good, pationt soul, who lias (I confess lioro) littlo will of her own, and no riotous imagination, such as rules 1110 at times, and mates mo a wild, rebellious maid whom none may rule or cheek, savo perhaps my grandfather. We are to stay tho night at Pcnliarvn. There is to bo a lot of company in tlio evening, and I hear that my cousin John has brought a friend with hiin from London. I have spout a most pleasant; evening. . I will just, write of it before I go to bed. I have little 'inclination for sloop. L havo seen cousin John's friend. Ho is a tine tall young man witli handsome face, and black sparkling eyes. Wo danced together several times, and ho said many pretty tilings of my light foot and gracefulness of figure. (I four these Loudon gentlemen nre snd flatterers, for wlint. could an ignorant country girl like myself knew of manners.) I blushed and stammered when he spuko to mo, but I danced with him wlienovcr ho asked, for e.uusiii John is heavy and clumsy, und I found liim by uu moans as eutortainiug as his friend. March Stli. — Homo again. I feel tired and out of spirits after so much gaiety. Wo stayed all day yesterday ut rny graiidfntlior's roipiest, and went out on tho sea and walked to the Logan stoue in tho aftornooii. I was not at till tired. Yet to-day I feel heavy of limb and heart, and care for nothing. My mother 1ms bocn busy scolding tho maids who, it appears, have done nothing right in hor absonco. I wandered out in tho garden and thought of cousin John, good, stupid, honest -youth. He is to jiuy us a visit at midsummer. I wish . I was going to . writo something- foolish. What could havo put into my head that a iinu London goutlomiin would 'over euro to stay ill our dull west country ? I cannot tell for the life of me 1 May 1st. — What mado mo begin io keep a journal? Perhaps it was reading " Ciurissa " in my grandfather's library. I linvobcen much i at lkmharvn of late. Tho. old man hus been ill und strange, and would havo mo with him to read and talk or play at picquot. Ho loves ino in his way, but it is a somdwliitR trying, ; way. I inust do all ho wants, and. havo JIO , a 'will or opinion of my own. 'j May 5th.— Great sorrow and misfortune >. havo befallen us. I was recalled to my own l homo yesterday. My dour fatlior had boon ii1 thrown from his horse mid killed on tho spot. No one knows how it hitppenod, whether Crab Applo stumbled or took fright. My poor father was picked up by a fanning man", nour tho inino of BiiUcsividden. Ho may liuvo been oautering ovor tho downs nenr that strange, circle o£ stones — 10 in number— - whose histoiy is unknown.. My mother is . distraught with grief. I foci too dared and pained for much show of sorrow. _ Wo fear tlmt tho shock. of his son's death will havon disastrous'VeffeoP pn''"'iny grandfather. His- mhid''is,'iirrok(ly ''-inuch'efmpiured, and his, moods got stranger overy day. .May 20th. — AtPonharva. My mother and I'a re staying hero. Tlio old man would havo , me, and I would not leave her. Wo laid my dear father to rest in tho old churchyard, > where many a generation of tlio family lie buried. My mpther tolls ine that owing to ' thi.f;rTmiiy,hb'.thte;..liei.reBspf1myygraifdfathQr... It is therefore probable that 'they will' urge mc to marry my cousin, John Peiiliarvu. In this manner tlio naino -und the., property .wjll- bo kept together. I cannot hut confess hero, and to inyVwn boiu-fc, that the idea'does not please inc. - I havelnojiglitbnt-'cousinly affec tion for John Penharva. I donot wish to be his wife. I do not tell my grandfather this. It would vox him, and in. his frail condition that would be scarcely kind. Tho old house is very melancholy. My bed-chamber is in tho oldest part of it, and the casements look out on tho kitchen garden and orchard, und nil tho ffclds of corn and rye now waving green and beautiful in tlio warm sunshine. Tho front of tho houso faces tho sea. but is sunk too deep in tho hollow of the oliff to allow of more than the sound of it. And weird and melancholy it is in timo of storm, such as our coast knows. How I miss- you, dear father. Ho was elieevy, and f nil of good humour and good spirits. My mother is ever weeping and melancholy, and my grandfather full of strungo fannies and cranks. Thoy say wo Penharvas always got crazed us wo grow old. If that is so, I am glad my dear father diod in his prime, for it "would havo broken my henrt. to see him thus. I fancy tho old house accounts fur it. It is flill of mystery and gloom, of weird sounds and shadows. Thoy say itis haunted, hut of that I am supposed to know nothing. Yet I doulit if any ghost would frighten mc. I am not timorous or weak like my mother. Ami if I mot some long passed away ancestor or ancestress in tlieso glomny corridors I should but fool it curious mid intense interest in their reasons for ro-visiting Penharva. I would dearly lovo to question suoli a ghost. Juno 1st. — I bavc mado a strango dis covery. The maids wore engaged in cleaning and arranging my bud-cliumborthis morning. It necessitated the moving of tho great mahogany four-poster front its place, ami once moved I liudo them leave it in its new position facing tho window, thus allowing mo soino ohiinco glimpse of morning sun and waving trees in tho grounds beyond. This afternoon, while my grandfather slept, I went up to my liowly-urrauged chamber to inspect its altera tions. The gnrdoner lind out away a good portion of tho screening "creepers. Tlio window stood wide open to tho sweet fresh air. Our- taiusof bright chintz framed it on cither side,' matching thoso of tho. bedstead, from wliieh tho old, heavy moreen had boon removed. Tho old chairs had boon beeswaxed ; atid polished, and tho simio chintz covered' tlicir faded cushion". My writing table stood under it bookshelf, well filled with my own ohorished volumes of Scott, and Milton, and Juno Austen, und Mrs. Gaskoll, mostly presents from iny father. . Tho . room looks transformed, mid I feel quite pleased with it. The new position of tho bedstead, left- a. portion of the high panelled wainscot re vealed. On this hung u picture. I approached it in order to soo wliut it represented. ' It was it portrait, of an ancient dinnc. Some Penlmrva ancestress, I: make; no doubt. -It- did not interest, me,! aud I turned away. .. I inndo a few alterat ions in tho arrangement of the furnituro, thoii tpek a hook and seated myself on tlio wide, old window scat and guve myself up to a quint hour, with " Mnrmioit" 'and "Tho Lady of the Lako" for company. Now, whether it was the ' continuous monotony of tho mktre (for ' Scott ' raroly. varies) or the slumberous warintli-of tho 'air, or tho soothing drouo of tho bces.ih. tho gar- den beyond, any or all of these, I cannot tell, hut gradually my oyes closed and I fell asleep. What is more, I dreamt a dream. So strange - and weird it was that I started up, rubbing myoyes nnd. gazing. .at .tho. wall, us if what had hnpponqd was real. . It tseomedi'tq nfo thut I ,wus.jlooking..at the. old lady in tlio pioturo. As I loolrud sho stopped out of tho frame and stood by tho .jvall more, tho open- space left by 'dier do- partnro; from, tho frame seemed -, to widen aiul deepen until a groat cavity showcd;itself.. She turned and looked at mo, and pointed toi this cavity,'; and impelled, by ouriosity l loft my scat nnd went over, to hor. Sho pointed with one hand into tlio dgrlc -hollow, and I stood on-tiptoo and looked in. ,. . I saw, to my surprise, a narrow stairway of atono. It won dark and winding. I could not seo its direction or its length. In spite of the, darkness Iifuwit, and yot.thiifdidinot .apponr strange..,. Fulbof wonder,,'.!! t'urned to. ";$rio old ;hidy,to)$Vher';what jjs '.meant, and iawokri; . j -m',.,;!. .. ' ! ! So :vivid' .and.i so real, .jt,'.,ha.dvh"ecm that I 'Remained , for; several (.minutes . stavpig at 'the >I»rtrait aud.tho wall. I felt half -inclined ,to .Approach and .try the .panel foiiinvsolf, but "tho striking of a olook reminded roe ft wus the . luiur to drink tea in my grandfather's room,' . hndjl rcsolvod to defer , my invesfigatioiis. till .1 was atliborty. Jiine 2nd.— I could not get that, strango dream, "or rather -vision, out of my bead. .... I have written -it in my journal .so thut l may remember it in tho future. -; , i " After all, there- is-nothing so very .atrango, in tlio oxistcnco of a secret stairway in such: an ancient house us Penharva. , Doubtless it has histories and tragedies of .Cromwell's timo and long before,' of politioal intrigues, wanderers and exiles from court favours. Its very position marks it for secrecy and strong hold combined. No, there was nothing singular in hiding-piano or rofugo connected with its seventeenth century history, bttt tho method of my discovery impressed mo ail tho same. When I went to bed I lit my two wax candles, -and approuched tho portrait, holding tliem so as to. get ii good view of the face. It suddenly struck me that it boro a great resemblance to myself. True, tho hair was white and severely banded uuder a Puritan-like cap, but the colour of tho eyes, tlio features, tho long throat, nil of theso wero characteristics of my own. I gazed long and earnestly at the portrait, and the more I gazed ,the more I seemed to seo myself at soma future period of timo, tho living counterpart of thi3 .'ances tress. " I must learn lior history," I told myself ; nnd turning from lior faoo to the panel, I began tho sorutiny on which I had deter- mined, I soarohed in vain for opening or crack. Whatever lay -behind it wns woll guarded and woll concealed. \- " Madam must tell mo herself how to dis cover this seeming stairway," I said half- aloud, and my voice struck "strangely on the silonec, it scorned to mo.' I went to bod, and tlio dream repeated itself. CHAPTER XXXVII. UNE 3rd. — I havo found tlio clue. There is a spring — a tiny almost imperceptible kiiob, mora liko tin unavenness in tlio wall than any thing olso. After much pressure and trial it yielded. Tho panol' opens into a recess, and there, leading down to depths unkiiown, is tho winding stairway. I liitvo not ' the courngo to go down. Tho air is dump and mouldy, and it is hor- ribly durk. I am quite contont to havo proved my dreuin correct. I shall sleep in peace to-night, I hope, and to-morrow I ahull ask my grand father , if he knows aught of any secret cliiimbor in tho basement, or any exit into tho grounds through u subterranean channel. These Stairs may go' down to tho foundations; nnd then leml to the oliff's for aught I know. A fine method ' of -escape - when changing dynasties and the- iron rulo of tho Common wealth made traitors of tlio good and loyal nobles of England; r . J uno 14th. — I have got hold of the story. by scraps, undbits. It is far too long and' intri cate to put down lioro. -It is sufficient for mo to know that, tho' old-lady, is not only. .an ancestress bat. a naniesuko ; .tlmt she. also .-was ono -Ursula Ponlittrva; .. .that hor life held a groat sorrow imd a groat tragedy. .. . What makes me pause here, and askmysolf shall I resemble her in more than name, and will my lifo also hold a great sorrow and cul- . 'miriiito in it gteat tragedy f>VGod knows!' (A.' great portion of tho diary following those ontries consisted only of fragments— odd disjointed scraps obnoerning the illness of old , Michael -Penharva, nqd histories, more or less ; incoherent, respecting the family." :. Dolores hurried' over those, -'.or omitted, tliom. " Sho" wanted' to roach the modern por-, _ tioii of the journal.) ' i ; Midsummer . Day, June, , 1847.— rThreo years since my.. grandfather died.. Three years siuco'fPcnlmrva became mine, and two since I refused John Penharva for tho third time. ". , . . I cannot marry liim. I have no inclination towardsjmarringeht all. . . .. '.' , . v. . '—I didaakliim once if liis friend. from Loh- don (was nevpr,iiguiit.90minif ;'tp.. vi(iit"us as lib > had promisedl-bnt lieAnswcretl ..ourtiy that ho. 1,-riow nothing of liim, ;and that lio borb by no' mcaiiH .sncli a, ehaiantor as should interest, a ;lndy. .Upon wbibh my.eolpur.rose, and I. told him' haughtily, that ,a ! lady's interest, con- 'ceruod no ono bnt herself .and .the person on whom it. .was bestowed, und so we parted on no hotter ,tqrms -than, ovor Bid "part... lis." For !hp was always rebuking,, and, I . always im patient. ., 'Tis full summer now, the sky of a glor boyond lill words to paint;' the orchards and gardenp fragrant with "ripening fruits and full-blown' 'oseS, ' tho -hayflelds 'ripe for tho gleaners, the sea a bluo and waveless mirror, nL'eteh'ing far 'und wide to tho ' dim. horizon lino'. . . . - '"' ' ' 11 -. 'Tis a great day for Cornish maids, this 24 th of Juno. At "noon they try charms to prove who shall havb'swain or sweethearc,und who go withont. I hear much chattering and ado, but I leavo my mother to ohido their wasted hours. It has nought to do with mo. ' ' 1 I feel- strange lack of interest in this old house ; I grow palo and languid, and time hangs heavy on mv hands. I wish I could get away to some new place, some now life. I am twenty years of age, and rioh — so thoy say — and yet. . . Heigh-ho ! how weary I feel at times, and how old. . Ruth Chirgwyn came running across the orchard path, as I wandered there seeking for ripe cherries. Sho is a pretty girl, and helps in tho kitolien and laundry, "when; sho saw mo Bho stopped and looked confused. I knew what sho had been doing, aud laughed at her blushes. Peter Puseo, the gardaner, is after her, and I doubt not aho had been trying cbarms to find out when they would be wed— if ut all. "Try to-night again," I said, half in jest, for indeed it is no light matter to, bo out at midnight on midsummer day, since fairies and pixios are seeu, not to montion his majesty Tregcagle, who is a mighty tricky spirit, and blamed for mim3r uu evil deed through the length and breadth of Cornwall. ' To-night !" gasped tlio girl, and all hor blushes faded into waxen whiteness. ' ' Awlt ! . My dear Miss Ursy, you do nover mean tho libmpsecd. ?" " I do moan tho liompsced." Sho began to shako. "La! la! miss, I couldn't, wero it ovor so. I should be Bkeercd of my lifo. I never did do more than bako a cake ou tho kitchen hearth ; nor more did any of tlio maids. Wo han't nurra of us goot tho sperrit. All the snam, miss, I'd be dearly lovin to see if ho would cum a follo'in I. Do 'co believe in thicky charm, Miss Ursy." "I've nover tried it," I said, gravely. " But suppose I como with you." "Awlt! my dear lifo!" sho gasped. " Would 'eo dure now ? And toll not a soul. Tho.v do say sure as fato tho young muii, that'a to wed wi' un will follow." "Yes," I said, "I'll come. I'll-go down to tlio kitchen at a quarter before midnight. Wait for mo there. But he sure you toll no one." . Sho promised solomnly, nnd then ran off to libr own regions, and her own work, whilo I uto' fruit ttiiuor tho shudo of the groat pour tree, and asked myself if I liud not been very foolish to encourage this silly maid in hor' superstition. .1 soon forgot all about it, but it hnpponod that in tho ovening Iwasin the library, look ing for a speoial book ,,1 desired to rend. On ono'shelf, thrust into a corner, I came upon ' an old volume that boro tho title "Cornish Superstitions." I drew it out and begun to read it. 'Heavens! What a record of legends and charms, witehos'nnd wizards, it containod. If ono half wore true, well,' Cornwall must ho tho most ghost-ridden, -witeh - bo- pooplcd 'county in all'England." : .- . . .At some I .laughed, at othors wondered. But having saturated myself with this lively literature for some hours ! was doubtless in u fitting framio of mind to' tost some of its' -best kuowu and- voiiplied-fbr superstitious. ' |to(- be (oosjtindeo, . To your taste—" Challengo" Aromatic. .. Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixtore. — "Tlio most searching Blood Cleanser that '8oienco and medioid skill have brought to- light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, -Eczema, Bad Legs, Skiu and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of any kind lira solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Thousands of wonderful cures liavo beon effected by it. Sold everywhere ut 2s. 9d. por bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. 