CASE 2739. CHAPTER III. GUILTY WITIIOOT CRIME. When Miriam Grosvenor entered the room 'where Leonard Gervaise was awaiting her, she hesitated upon the threshold whilo she east one comprehensive glaneo around her, and at the old man — for Leonard had resumed his disguise — who had assumed his attitude of flTnfip.fftnnv. ' Are we alone ?' sho inquired, sharply. ' Quite so, Miss Grosvenor. Be seated, please.' ' 'Ton know me, then ?' ' Certainly. Ton would have only a small respect for my business if I permitted yon to come here without first knowing who you are But I do not know why you have come.' ' My father is one of your clients, is he not?' 'Ihave many clients, madam. It is possible that he may be among them.' ' Has he not been here to-day ?' ' I am 'very old and sometimes my memory fails me. I am not sure that I know your father. I am also very busy and have no time to gossip. Will yon tell me why you have sought mo ?' 'I havo sought you to ask some questions 'which I was told yoit could answer. If you do not care to answer them, I will go.' ' Ton have not asked them yet.' ' I haye asked two of them. Is my father one of yonr clients ? and has he been here to day ?' 'I have only ono client — yourself. Tou are the only person who has called upon me to-day. What are the other questions ?' ' Do yon reply to them all as truthfully as you have to those' two ?' ' Quite so.' 'Then I believe our business is at an end.' ' Tes ? If you will look behind you, madam, you will find that the door is open for you. I shall not charge you any fee for the information you received.' 'Nonsense!' she exclaimed. 'Close your door. I am not through yet. Can you take charge of a matter for me ?' ' I do not know until I hear what it is.' 'I want my own father investigated.' ' What is his name ?' ' Ton know it.' 'I have asked yon for it.' ' Paul Grosvenor.' She bit her lip with vexation, and the ghost of a smile hovered for an instant around her delicately chiseled features. She saw plainly that she could not pump the old man out of any information that he oliose to keep to him self, nor could she use any of the feminine 'wiles of which she was a past master, on a man so immensely her senior. It was plain to her that the only way was to state her business plainly. 'A friend of mine, Ro'bort Connors,' she began, but the old man interrupted her. 'Mr. Connors is your cousin, is ho not ?' Again she bit her lips, this time in an'angry frown, but without audible comment. 'Very well, my cousin, Robert Connors, * knowing that I desired somo advice from an expert in your business, and advised me to come here. He mado a great deal of un necessary mystery abont it, and at last pro cored mo a key, giving me, with it, explicit instructions how to use it in order to bo re ceived. I have used it and I am hero. Now, the question arises, is my errand useless, or will you serve me ?' 'lama plain man, Miss Grosvenor, and I. canreply to that question only in the abstract,' said the supposed old man, slowly. ' I do not seek new business ; I do not care for it. I take it only as a favour to some one of those 'who have been in the habit of coming to me for years. Tou will havo to state your busi ness before I can tell you if I can servo you, and you must start in with the idea that I ?will probably decline. But I think I already know why you seek me, and if I am correct you may speak without reserve.' ' Ton think you already know ?' ' I think it has something to do with your frequent trips to Yermont, with your relations to yonr father and mother, and with family complications which you seek to solve. Aro yon aware, Miss Grosvenor, that thero has .been another robbery at your father's bank ?' 'Tes,' she replied, before she thought, and then she could have bitten hor tongue out' ?when she saw tho old man smile openly upon her. ' How did you know it ?' he proceeded coolly. 'I did not come here to be catechised, sir.' ' Shall I tolI_ you P Tou guessed it, that is all, bat it is quite enough. I could have told you yesterday afternoon at three o'clock that there would bo a robbery at the bank during the night.' ' And yet you did nothing to prevent it.' 'No.' ' Why ?' ' Because what I could have done would have accomplished nothing. The robbery would have taken place just the same. We both guessed, and both for the same reason. Tou did not make your guess as soon as I, but the result was the same.' ' Ton know, then, who commits these robberies ?' 'Tes.' ' My father ?' 'No.' ' Who, then ?' 'Tourself.' ' , She had been leaning back in her chair in negligent attitude, but on the instant that he accused her of the crimes she leaped to her feet in sudden fury. 'Tou old scoundrel!' she cried. 'Open your door for me ! Do yon think that I came here to be insulted in this manner ? Do you imagine that you can say what you like with impunity and hear no more about it ?' 'Tho door is open. Ton can take your departure when you please. I did not ask yon to call. Tou requested the favour.' For a moment she hesitated, then,' sinking back again into the chair, sho said, quite calmly : ' Tell me why you make such a preposterous statement. I .will not gfet angry again, no matter what you say ; but tell me why you said that!' ' Because I believe it.' ' Tou believe that I am a thief ?' ' An innocent one, perhaps, but nevertheless the thief. Tou will go to Yermont to-night or to-morrow, will you not ?' ' To-morrow.' ' And you will take the stolen bonds and money with yon, just as you have taken them with you many times before. Tou are con vinced in your own mind that you have been made the dupe of another for this very pur pose, and you havo come to mo to have me help you to find out tho truth. Tou havo spent years in tho effort to find out the truth, and you have discovered that you cannot do it alone, 'Sou havo played many parts, an angel and a devil, a saint and a sinner. Tou at one time even succeeded in convincing this office that you were a very wicked woman, tho inheritor of all the bad qualities of both vour parents. Hush ! Let me finish, now that I havebegnn, for |I do not wish to hurt your feelings ; I wish only to convince you that I know you as yon are.' Sho raised her eyes, moist now, with unshed tears. Her lovely face had lost all its hard ness and harshness. The habitual reflection of scorn that curled her red lips had vanished, and there was eagerness even in tho manner in which she clasped her hands together as she murmured : ' If you do, indeed, know me as I am, what am I ?' ' A good, true, loyal, beautiful woman, who carries around with her a burden such as might break the back of a strong man — a bar den of sin and shame and crime which you_ hope to lift forever by eventually doing justice to those who havo ' been wronged through you, and by those who belong to you. Yon see, Miriam, I know you as you are.' For a moment she kept her eyes fixed upon his, but the tears wolled out of them and rolled down hor cheeks in spite of her efforts to con trol them ; and at last sho broke down and. wept, silontly, it is true, but intensely ; but there was more joy than Badness in hov tears. ' Tell me why you say this,' she faltered, presently. ' Because, for ton years I havo watched you unceasingly. Because ten yeays ago a woman camo to this office and loft a case in my hands which, sho said then, I might never succeed in solving. Because that woman has since disappeared, hidden away whero I havo been unable to find her. Because she spoko of yon and warned mo what you wore, what those around you would try to make you be come, and implored me to watch over you. Because sho foresaw the plot that has been enacted since, tho part that you would bo forced to play, and the character that the others would compel you to assume. Because, although I have the caso of Paul Grosvenor in this office, your caso came to mo first, through the '\vomnn I lmvo mentioned, and because by your help, and yours alono, will I be able to convict of his many crimes the man whom you call father, and to do justice to Ihosowhom he has wronged and still wrongs.' Why— then— why did you not send for me long ago ? ' Because tho time was not right for it. I inght X,'S0ntf01'y°U t0'day had y°U D0t ' I thank heaven that I came.' ' It is a horrible thing to say, Miriam, but you have been systematically robbing your father's bank for ten years — robbing it with out knowing that you did so, with your eyes open, and in perfect possession of your senses ; robbiug it in your father's absence, doubtless under the impression that you were doing something for him which was required to be done. More than that, after tho goods were stolen, yours have been tho hands that con veyed them to a place of safety. Tou havo been the agent of communication between Paul Grosvenor and his acompliees, and if tho various crimes wero traced to-day, you would be the one to suffer for them — you would be tho convict, and not a soul who heard the testimony against you would believe you innocent. The brain that conceived it all and has beon alert enough to carry it out, belongs to the shrewdest criminal I have ever known, and he calls himself your father. Is ho your father ?' ' I do not know— I do not know.' ' Nor I, but I will know ; but you must help me to find out. Tou must help me to unravel this tangled web of mystery, and you can do it if you are willing.' 'If I am willing !' ' Tes ; some would not bo so, for it must end in the undoing of Paul Grosvenor, and of his wifo — those whom you call father and mother. Will you do it ?' ' Tes, oh, yes, for I do not believe that they are my parents !' j! ' Nor I. Paul Grosvenor was here to-day. He had but just left when you came. He is to call at the same hour to-morrow,' and I have promised that I will tell him the namo of the thief.' -( And irnn will toll liim ' ' Certainly.' ' What name ? His own ?' 'No; yours.' ' Mine ! !' ?' Tes, yours. But you will be in the next room, listening to all that he says, and to all that I say. There will be no other listeners. Will yon trust me, and place yourself implicitly in my hands ?' ' Tes, if you think it is best.' \- ' Good ! Then my plan will work ; but yoti must help me to prepare for it.' ' How ?' ' Begin at three o'clock yesterday after noon and tell me now everything yon did from that time until yon loft home to como here. Tell me everything, no matter how trivial it may seem, and somewhera in tho recital, I am convinced that we will discover the secret of how you commit these robberies without knowing that you do so.' (To he continued.') 