EXTRAORDINARY CREDULITY. Mouktebanks appealing to the credulity of the ignorant in the name of religion are always with us. Thi» year (he moat successful and notorious of these is a man who calls himself Rev. Frank W, Stanford, who has organised an association to which he has given the uame of the Holy Ghost aud Us Society ; and which has just held » session of eight days on a hill in the state of Maine. Stanford appeared on this hill three yearn ago, with A spade in hia hands, and began to dig, saying that lie had been commanded by God to erect a temple there and revolutionise the religions of the world. His zeal was infectious, and I hose n'ho crnis to pcoff remained fo assist. More thau two hundred men from the adjarent farming districts joined him in the wotk without pay. Every day he prayed for money, and soon it began to roll in, for the deluded agriculturists sold their faring, and gave him the proceeds, and contributions came from others. One farmer sold all he had, except n herd of hogs. These he killed and buried, because Stanford regarded them at unclean animals, and would not receive tbe value of them in cash. With the contiibutione of the lest three years Stanford has erected a "Temple of Truth," consisting of four building*, enclosing a court, and Iiub expended more than 100,000 dol. on them. At the beginning of the recent convention he remarked that 20,000 do I. was needed. He prayed for that sum, and immediately exhibited the money, asserting that it had bceo'sent to him from the Almighty. The society now has ahout 3,000 members Stanford bap'ited many newcomers during tbe convention, plunging them into a river, white his followers on the hanks shouted " Hallelujah !' lu his politic addresses he predicts tfa>it England and America will soon unite to subdue the whole world with fire ami sword. At 'he close of the cmr'Ttion he sailed for England, promising to bring back n large sum of money. Probably he will return, for there is much more money to be dra ,v n from the credulous for tbe support of bis project*. The society's properly was left iu charge of loyal aseistautF, or confederates. 