Our Tuesday's Tale. THE FACE AT THE WINDOW. (Concluded from last Tuesday's issue.) As early as she could remem ber, Valerie described what had taken place on that fatal night. " I know I half fainted," she said, earnestly, " but I'm sure I didn't quite. And the report didn't sound very loud, or I didn't think so, at any rate. Of course, I didn't notice at the time that there was no smell and no smoke; but now that I recall matters I am absolutely cer tain there was neither." " Of course you were, too upset to observe," said Longstaffe, " but that fool of a policeman ought to have noticed. Do you know how soon it was after the shot was fired that you saw Mr. Allerton. in the room ?" " Very soon after," said Valerie. " As I said, I half fainted, and when I knew anything more, Mr. AUer ton was standing between Janin and myself. He didn't say any thing, and in another .minute or two the policeman came in." Who sent for" the policeman ? queried Longstaffe. "Emil, the man who always opened the door - to you. He was dozing "in the hall, and hearing the shot and the fall, and my scream, he rushed out into the street." Well, wait a minute. At what time did Emil admit Mr. Allerton the second time ? - He went away with me, quite early, you know, and we . were together till one o'clock." " I don't know. Emil is down stairs.' Will you ask him ?" "Yes. I think I'll go down to him now. I want to have a look at the drawing- room, also. Tell me Valerie, exactly where Dick was when you first saw him." " Let me go down with you," said the girl, earnestly. " Mr. Longstaffe, it sounds extremely conceited to say one" could even dream of such a possibility, but I have tbougbt once or twice that Mr. Allerton was trying to take this on himself to shield me ! That he thinks me really guilty of tbe murder ? Is it so ? Does he think that of me ?" Longstaffe took her band in his, and pressed it kindly. "I'm afraid be does, Valerie," be said gently. He had penetrated the girl's secret —her love for Dick—long before this. "Ob, it is too horrible that, he should think so of me!" moaned the girl, hiding her face in her hands. "Then suddenly, looking ap pealingly up into her companion's face, " I didn't do it, Mr. Longstaffe ; indeed I didn't 1" " My dear child " said Roland, " I never for a moment thought you did. But tbe thing is to prove that neither you or Dick did it." He gave the girl his arm, and helped her carefullly down the stairs to the drawing-room floor. Valerie turned so sick and faint on entering the room that she clung to him tor support. He led her toward a couch, and was about to j place her upon it, when she shrank ' away in horror. " Not there; Not there ! That! was where I sat then ?' ! He assisted her to a seat opposite the one she refused, and looked carefully about the room. " So you were on that couch; was it where it is now ?" " Yes, exactly." " And Janin stood in front of you ?" " Yes." " And the window; was it open or shut." " Wide open; don't you remem ber how hot it was that night ?" Roland moved about the room, revolving all the circumstances in his mind. " It all depends upon tbe time at which Emil addmitted Dick," he was saying, when the words were arrested by a scream from Valerie. She had risen from her chair, and was gazing, white and trembling, through the window opposite her, " The face ! The face !" she grasped, growing white to her lips. " The face at the window!" ^ Roland was at . her side in a moment. " What face ? Where ?" " There! There-—at the window opposite—over the road. Oh, such a white ghastly face! Could it be Janin's face—his ghost ? Ob, I am so frightened !" She broke into a passionate fit of weeping. " I'm not mad, I'm not mad !" she cried piteously. " Don't look at me like that, Mr. Longstaffe 1 It came for a moment, and then left. Such a dreadful face !" "Don't look that way again," said Roland, soothingly, " I will watch, and find out what it is." He crossed to the window, and stood there with his eyes fixed on the one in the opposite house. His mind- was busy turning over and over the one subject that was every thing him, when, suddenly, he was aware that there was indeed a face at the window. He rubbed his eyes. No; it was no illusion. A face was really there; and, as Valerie said, awful, ghastly-looking. While he looked it disappeared. Apparently, tbe house was untenanted. True, there was no " To let" notices exhibited' but evidently the house, at any rate the front moras, was quite un furnished. '* Valeria." lie said, turning1 to the still weeping girl, •' Don't be fright ened, my dear. There is soineore in that rootn opposite, and I am to find out who it is. Let me first help you up to your room again." " No,- no," she cried. " Send the servant up to me—don't lose a moment; find out what it means Roland needed no urging. .He> felt that in some mysterious, un looked-for way, light' would be thrown on the subject of the murder. As fast as a cab could take him he was driven to Scotland Yard, and was soon on his way back, accom panied by a couple of men, armed with all necessary power for search ing the house. Three times the bell was rung, three times the}' waited a reason- j able time, Roland getting wild with \ impatience at the delay. j " Now, then, Jim!" said the de- { tecfcive, at last. j \- Jim applied his powerful frame j to the task allotted him, and in i another moment the door swung on ! its hinges. V\\. j They entered the passage, leaving j Jim to guard the door. i " Which room was it, sir ?" in- ! quired the detective of Longstaffe. : " First floor," said Roland,briefly, i " Hark ! what's that ?" A low, moahingcry echoed drearily through i the empty house. The two men I looked at each other, and probably ; both felt something akin to a dread ! of what they might find. Again the ^silence was broken by the ; same terrible sound. The detective ! started upstairs at a run. " Come j along!" he called out. There's : something wrong going on here !" What met their eyes, as they j stood at the open door of the room ? i The solitary figure of a man, white faced, emaciated, lying helpless on ' the floor just beneath the window, 1 On the mantelpiece, a pistol. Si- : lently they looked at the man, and ; the man looked at them. At length j the detective stepped forward, and i took up the pistol. j "You are Leon Dubois," he re- j marked coolly, " I charge you with i the murder of Gustave Janin, five ! days ago." I " Yes I did it," the man said in a ! voice so low as to be scarcely au- ! dible. I did it but you are too j i late. I am almost a dead, man !" j They moved towards him. j " What's the matter with you ?" i asked the detective. ; " I will tell you all, as well, as ! I can, I am the father of Valerie.; Since you know my name you know that I am not a father to be proud of: so for her sake I have kept away from her—she thinks I am dead. I heard from some com patriots that Janin—he was her uncle, curse him! her mother's brother—was ill- using her; so I took this house in a false name, of course, and night after night I have watched at this window. I have seen you there many times—" to Longstaffe—" Weil, that night the French windows opposite were wide open. I saw him throw some thing at her, it struck her; my pistol was in my hand, ready loaded, it had been for days. I was only waiting for my opportunity. It came. When he first stood in front of the window I covered him. When he struck her I fired. That's all." It was not told connectedly as it is ^ here written, but slowly and painfully, with many breaks and pauses. " When I saw him fall I shut Che window, and put the pistol where you found it. I went to the win dow to look across again, and some thing seized iny legs—a numb ness—." Even as he spoke his already deathly face grew whiter still, and he sank back unconscious,exhausted by, the effort he had m$de. Longstaffe was the first to speak. We must have a doctor and some one to take his deposition, at once," he said hurriedly. The subordinate was instantly despatched in search of the neces sary functionaries, and before long the unfortunate inan was removed, still in a state of insensibility, to the nearest hospital. For hours it was' doubtful whether he would ever regain his senses, or would remain as he was till all was over. At length Roland was summoned from his friend, the house surgeon's sitting-room, where he had been anxiously awaiting the develop ment of events. *'The magistrate is with him now, taking bis depositions," remarked the house surgeon. " He is per fectly conscious, but sinking fast. He can't possibly hold out much longer, poor fellow." And when Roland reached the bedside it was evident that it was by a supreme effort of will that Leon Dubois lived stilL—that it was his desire to remove, by his confession, the accusation that hung over Valerie's chivalrous defender (of whose self-sacrifice he had been informed by the magistrate) that kept him in the land of the living. When the depositions were duly taken and attested, Dubois closed his eyes with a heavy sigh; but opened them again as Roland, bending over him, asked him if he would like to see Valerie. •' No; no," he murmured faintly, " she does not know ; it would only distress her. I saved her from Janin—he would have given her to infamy worse than death—and I am content." And with the last word his eyes closed once more, never again to open to earthly sights. How many men of high repute die with "content" for their last word ? Of course, there were still some formalities to be gone through be fore Dick was at length declared innocent, and released ; and equally, of course, the fickle world, which had with one accord pronounced him, on absolutely no evidence, to he utterly depraved and worthless, now unanimousjyr rushed to the other extreme, and feted and flat tered him as a hero and a martyr. His'first impulse on his release was to rush to Valerie, who, poor girl, had coine in for an overwhelming storm of vituperation and scorn as an abandoned French adventuress ; her only friend a^d defender being Roland, a faet wb\ich did not tend to raise her character in the eyes of the world. During his long solitary hours of self-coinmuping, Dick had learned how dear Valerie had become to him ; and his crown ing act of folly (judging from the British matron'^ point, of view) was his immediate marrage with the innocent cause of his misfortune, which marriage proved to be only the prelude to a long and happy life for both. 