A CHINESE GHOST. (COMPLETE SHOUT STOnY.) /V!,') H1SN Vanflara, ? ft iA^IV' / Customs, con f\^^;fe^f*S]f' fldedioMiUhn ^^00t^M and luj-ficir, '^B&M;^i 0'iiSlr 'n Etrlet con friM$}i'-^^'^!'ii'-i .?*' fldence, that «|IS^PPfe- ll0 too *vcn ^?0igM^ 0?''!W:-^ notieo to hi:; JifetP^^P? landlord lu ^W^^^Mwk consequence or ^SlSSS^-a'&J; Uioiiouso next ' ^^H-''1-^ tcn.TateU by a China in an long since deceased, wo Were surprised at 3jI« weakness. ' Prcsorvod ancestor Is Inseparable from tlio Celestial id Pn or .-i woHoreaniBedliouso liold,' 1 nrguccl. 'Why, my landlord lecop-) Jiis mother's preat amit under hla bed nnd 3ils wifn's undo In a rIR lacquor box In My hitting-iooin— nnd am I nervous ?' But Vandam iras newly married, ard hla olijeotlon to the singularly quiet anl rn Berved occ.lipuat of l!le hotine next door w-n prompted by regard for I1J3 n-J/e. }lc wvi determined on Hitting. Wo called on Mrs. Vandnm next day at noon. Vandnm'a dwclHiii;— an old Kuro Iican fcong, -vrkli a verandah running right round it—stood In u quiet by-atreet near tlie Custom- house. It vaa dlvldol into two liotiaes by a lnugUtudiual partition— Van- tlarc'B front door nnd verandah being at tlie rear, to be strictly Irish. The front Rlkic was the undisputed property of tho corpse already rvtcrrcH ' to. A irtrJp of red paper Rlued across the partition, bore at co eh end the oeal of tho cbiof nrnfjlatrato of tho town. Before the doorsteps, n. cor poral and three prlvirtes of tho Swataw na»ve mllltla squatted in lUc dust, play ing nn Interminable [;amo of cardu and dice. They ivorc. in fact, ItcojrinB gimrd * ovor tho -livcllinE, for a capital Chinese roacon. To wit. The occupant of tho cealed-up fcouiso had been, In life, an estimable nativo meroluint, hl(,-ht Yang, resident with hl» wire, dauuhtcr and uervunt on the pro-.niaen llcaerlbcd. ' Ono day,' auld Vandiun, 'nbmit a year ano, he waa found dead-- had been stabbed to the heart with some sharp inBtruraont by aome person unknown, who had eacapod with a batj of dollars and on Enr;lIaU cold wntcli usually worn by the murdered man. /in uio servant — n, (jantoneso — wns miuaiug, the crimo ivas naturally laid at hln door. It lien there now — for ho has never boon cauijht— --ind If he is a wisei man, whether Innocent or the revereo, ho -won't be i' ' But Justice— CIiIucbo Jualice would not be dcfcp.tcd by the mere escape of an or dinary criminal,' 1 rewarlwd. ' The law otanda that nvhen a ciinio him been com mitted, Bomebody haH got to uuffor Cor It.' '' Somebody did,' admlttod Vandam. 'lu fr.ct, the entire family of the miBpoc!.ed man wore GqdfiBted, end their property cmiOd cotod by th(- authorll'ien.' ' Thoue -who coniildercd the mcaauro ex cessive,' I hinted, 'liclnc prevented from entertaining any oplniona in tho future by the almple removal of their heads !' ' Correct,' said Vnnflnm, 'but a moro brilliant dlnplay of pyrotechnic legislation followod. The Court of Mandarins irn prisoucd tho widow and daughter of tho municrcfl ninn, crabbed hla property to rto fray expenses ! scaled up Uio rront doar as you see, nnd clapped si military guard over it, to wait until the murderer bappenn to i paaii thui. way.' 'It bolng n ^.cognised fact — In China,' I ntvld, 'tliat a splilcr of human life In vuriably rvjturnn to the aocno of tho deed — Koouor ar later.' 'And thoro you have it in a nuUholl,' Bftld Vandnm, 'tho aecrot of uiy wife's ob jection to the house.' ' Sho bcilovea that Johnny tvM comn marclilni; home, sooner or lator J' I wna 1)eKlnnlnE, ' Han ahe hoard or seen any thing to ? ' 11 Bupposo,' nahl Mrs. Vnndnm, who had come in noloolcsnly mi wo wero «peaklii(T. ' Supjioiie you lay awatto in bed at night listening to ft iioft rmddhij; footatcpotoal iriK up niul down, down nnd up, on Uio other isldo of tho wall,' uho pointed to tho luirnboo and plaster parlition tbnt divided Vandam'o lioune from the nealed up dwol llnf fill 111 rll^i! Tlrinrt fil/ii^ 'In «i mnm vnn know to 1-u empty of ?ovorythlng; but cob web.? and dust. Suppone you lie,'»-a the ocraplni; of n hnnd reellnn ltu way alous In tlio darlc — with only ti quarter of nn lncti of wood and Unio between it and your fne.fi,' nnd nha nhuddoroa. ' Iliittle, Huttlo,' be.iran Vandarn. ' I undciratnnd,' I sold qulcltly, neelnj; !3io woman wan on .the voruo of Jiyotorir^;. ' You're of opinion that thore'B uoma lliliiK uncanny tn tliouo Healed up room*) on flio othnr aide of yonr ?wall, nnd it mulreu you norvous.' I looi^a nrnnm at Vunflam. ' Suppooc, os soon an it in dark onouph, wo /n-t over tho vornndali wall, prlfie optun Uio -Bliuttern, and have a look nound 1 I don't nuppoiitt we olinl) moot nny fij)Of)ltti, find it may acil Urn. Vtinaam's mind at roat.' ' l'ia agrpcabJo,' imifl Vondsjna ; MIUIdb, ?who wan of u ruliriug nature, did not ,, voluntoor to accompany ub. Am fiooti an It exew darli nnoufjh we cli vontful ourscilvou of our boots aud ctnrtod. A chluol, a dark Jantcrxi, imil Uio hIk iihoo'ter'R wo haliltually tarriod for uao, forrnod our nrmaraont. We -ncnlod the wall of the coworod verandah, opened tho tightly fiimtaned jnloualan at. the jiorih nlilo of tho 9iouhu' by an r.rtintlc nupllention of .tho dhliiul, juh1 ontfi-oil Iho dwclllufj of tho Miurdored YniiE Tlin liRlvt of tho lantern Tove-iilea a flfjunlld (icono. Cirt, cobwehii, burat endn of jo.'ifl-fitloka, inouldy teagmenltt of ttia iiwort enkos pirorcd io 4,'hu flenfl, nud ncrnps of rod jmper littered ?the floor. A email room opunod to .tho right. Thin wjis ?empty, Biivo tor a. rzitUin pacldnfcciiiio or bale, ?flint f;lood emjily Jn ono corner. Tho doB c'ou'L «f n, rlckoty ahvlrcfuso brought ua to tin) Irani door. 'J'lio comontod fioorinj; and mouldy planter 'ivalln of tlio pauim/;o lout ?to tho narrow npneo tho ntmoMphoro of iv tOllll;. 'I'lll'DUnh « RTfttod -wltldOYr On tlio , rlgivt Of Uio I'.wtlort up -ilopr camo to ua tho iioiiihIb of.luo (loldior'o volcon, ai\ they threw tho dico «incl dealt Iho cards, «Jid (calmly -wranElod ovor their Interminable jjimic, no'w carried on by the light of an oiled-paper lantern. ' Thore'n a door here,' said Vandam, in a cautious whisper. He gently tried It — it was on hla left hand — and It opened «neily. The room we saw w;ih larger than one would Imvo expected1, llina-w.i:;ii-:d, aul lighted by lattice- windown near the celling. H wan like the othfirH, bare of furniture, but a largo, tlar!;, un wieldly object' occupied ?the miitille of the flo^r, and tlie »hnrp ehioH of quirk-llmc minclod with tho scent cf the utalo inconee, nnd the unmistakable odour of decay. Then, and not till then, did tlio full I/Diuity of the Mandarins' plan Hash upon me. The intelligent Chinese had bc-iUo.1 up 'the coKlnccl oorpse of tJie Murdered Vans in his; ground floor chamber, as a bait to lure \rxz\i -tiie Rentlemnn v/ho hnd deprived ihliii of hin existence, his puree, mid hla watch ! Half tickled :mH wholly dakened, 1 glanced towards Vuniam. He nodded In response. We turned to quit tho chanifier, and in that intst-ant, frt-m the exclamation of a Kolulcr in tho otreot outside, I reailaod that Hip llpht of our lantern had betrayed us. I (welched the lantern fi-om Vandam, nnd JnKteiul of hIiiHUhb tho slide, stupidly View out the llRbt. The noise in the strejt ceased. Probably the soldivrs were wnltlnE for tho reap per.ranoo of th«t traitorous Kleam, Cau tiou.sly I stepped, as I thought, in the direction of the door, and in my Btrlde, to my unutterable dlnuust, ntumbled against ?the colliu. Then, determined not to reneiv thlH experience, I began to fumble, with outspread hand, along the surface of the Trill), iruidinjj myuclt by the sctioe of touch, movinR with lonK, cautious footsteps, cearchinn for the door. ' Is that you ?' I heard Vandam whisper. Something in IiIb tone reminded me of the quavering woman's voice that had spoken to mo a ihik! wuuo oeiore oi boh, paauiufj footsi'ps Bteallnj; up nnd down, and the scraping of a hand feeling its way along in the dark — the man wno frightened ! ' In that you ?' I heard him whisper again, nn I stood still in an angle of the ?wall, yielding, for the Instant, to tl\o temp tation of holding my tongue, and scaring him thoroughly. Then I heard him softly utepping --.l one by the wainscot, breathing quickly, and guiding himself, aa I had done, by pasBlnR his outaprcsd hnnd over the plauter. And then, suddenly Hashed on ino the absolute conviction thnt, beslilea tho dead man in hlB cotlln in the centre of tho floor, thcro was another presence in that room other than Vaudani's .' I ntoppod dead, and crouching in an ancle of tho wall, heard two persons pudding, with iioft, Ions, cat-liko titeps, over tho cemented floor. The ocmplng, ruqtllng sound of two persons' haurts .moving over the surface of the plauter, crime distinct and reparntely to my ear. I held my breath. and listening, heard, as a cold sweat, of terror broke out upon me, the harsh, labored breathing of two portions In that loathsome place. Vandara wa3 one. Who — what was the other ? The thought of touching the crawling, panting, skulking thins oy chance In tho darkness^ wan unendurable. I longed to know whether Vandam wait posiiasscd by the caiue conviction find the namo dread, but I did not speak to lilm.^ I feared, lest tho unknown creature thnt sped before me, feeling round the Interminable 'walla- of that sepulchral room for the door that had vanished — 1 feared leet the sound of my voico might guide it to me where I crouckod, peering with blind and Btarlug eyes inU- the black velvet darkncBB. The name dread probably caused the silence of Vandam. A moment more I remained without mov ? — and the conviction went through me like a volt of electricity — It broke upon mo that ? the padding feet and the scraping hand of one o/ my companions were approaching rae, hlowly, but uurely — that in anothor instant I might be touched, embraced, held flint by something unspeakably foul and grim. Something crisped my scnlp and twitched ia my cheek at the bare idea, while some thing else seemod to slide down my back, like a long cold tool of steel, imiertod be tween my iiarraontu and my nkln. With a lioarim gasp 1 aturtcd forwards, like n i)purre-l horse, and, followed by ono thing, and preceded by another, pursued my stealthy, groping Journey round tlio tvaJlE. MinutoB paused — they oecmed like hours. I began to be sensible that I wan bosoming delirious*; Strange rhymes and jingling tags of old aongu raced through my brain, »ind colored nqutyiu Beoincil to snnp and crackle before my ey«» without dlsnlpalinE Ujo loathsomo darkness. I bit my lip till ?tho blood ran, and tried to recollect a ipraycr. Then—this slight nound Jarrod upon my overwrought non'iis, (in tho emd -len dlschargo of a cannon might have done— I heard In that noluomo dungeon, where I and another man wore bound up ?together with a Horror that hnd no name — tho sierape and splutter of a sulphur match, nnil e.iw the glowworm eparlc ln croaso to a flnrn, lionrd tho clicfc of tho slide, and knew that Vandam was my loft band neighbor, mid that ho was, with a liand that wan violently shaking, lighting tho lantern. And then tho broad V of light uwept rouud tho wall!) of Ihnt living itomb, illiiiulnntlng tho ghafitly features of tliFno wan, lioilow-oyed, promnturcly-agcd inon — myaolf, Vandam, ond Milllnn. ' For,' wald Mllllns aftorwardt), nnd twlion threo ilngern of Vaiwlam's wlilsky, labsorbed noRt, had oomoiThat i-ontorod tho circulation in all three eases, ' I wan ns frightened, yos, ns downright blazing (lonrad an elthor ot you. I followed jt)u down on Uio iiulol, nnd in my nocks, nmno i as you, thtiikluc io «Jv« you a ocnro, but whon thu light wont out I found myoolf joying J'usd in the Coitioi' la an uaflar gnoiind vault, round a tcnantotl coffln, with two dumb idiots, nnfl maybe ob nnonymouu ghoul for pnrtnern, I ? ' Ho flnlahod wlint wliliilty reiiinliied in tho bottle, euid got up to go, I may nny that tlio conflrtenco of tho Clilnoiio nutliorltlofl In tho iiltlmnto to turn of tlio murderer of Mr. Yang wan justlilcd. ' Ho did oomo hack, and got squeezed by Mm soldloni. Komoriio wau.not Uio moving factor in his rotnri). No. Ho lind utolon Yang's lOuroppnn watch, oh you nro nworo, loavlng, in IiIh hurry, without tho.lcoy. As -i ,wi\teh in no Bwd ?without'' tho kyy, J-o 'cnino lmek to ioolc for H — being, ma Vau diun mild, ?«. ''typical ClrinisKo. — 'IlliiiitrtLtoil Hportlnu and Drainntlo Nowo.' 