THE SEEMON SHE CHILDREN OF UDHf. BV jm KBT, M. WkVOSi, AT tHE VESUBXAST CHUBCH, DAXDEXOXC, NOV. «, 1806. i TJiossskeiuw v. S—"T« sre att tt* <&&lrca; of light." j ■All the great religions books of the worid l>»w lm Oriental—the Koran, the Zea davesta, the vniiap of Gonfttti^ the words of Gautama Buddha, the OU Mid the Kw Te&amente.; lhit of the New Xffr t&mcat; «u written in Knra)^ b«t «1 its writers vnerc Asiatics. Of thee sacred hob the Bible is the one bode fitted tor universality. Mohammedanism has made conquests among Asiatics sad Africans, but has very far converts amongst distinctly KuwpeaB peoples, Gautama BodAa las more followers to-day than Jesus of Nara retli, but they ate not to be found among the nations foremost in ait, science, litem lure, commerce, and philanthropy. Chris tianity is the one religion, adopted for uni versality. The Bible, which reveals Christ's character and teaching, has a message for all men—European. Asiatic. American, Negro, Polynesian. Why is this? The primary reasons, no doubt, are these two. First, the Bible faithfully photographs human nature, and human nature is the same whether beneath | the sable brow of the negro or the white j skin of the Caucasian. Second, the Bible j reveals God, and especially God through | Christ. But there are subsidiary reasons to account for the adaptability of the Word; of God to men everywhere. One of these, is the use of metaphors capable of being I understood by the human race, whatever, distinctions may exist in colonr, language,! or status in civilisation. Hebrew prophets, j Christian apostles, and the greatest of all teachers, the Lord Jesus Christ, took objects in the world of Nature to teach j religious truths. We can scarcely look at anything in the natural world which has not been employed to illustrate some great doctrine relative to our duties to God, to others, and ourselves. Earth, sea, and sky have been all laid under tribute. The man who is familiar with the Bible can look at dew aud rain, sun and star, rock aud hill, mountain and river, and find— "Tongue* in treee, sermon* in stones, Books in l lie running brooks, And good in everything." Take the figures used by Paul in this text from his letter to the church at Thes salonica. Esquimaux and Hindoo, Anglo Saxon and Negro, Chinaman and Japauese, Maori and Fijian, can grasp at least the initial meaning of the figures—children and light. These words, which describe the Chris tians at Thessalonica, should be true of the Christians of the 19th century—they are to be children of light. What are the truths which the text teaches us. Take four of them—knowledge, gladness, purity, and manifestation. KNOWLEDGE. Darkness represents ignorance. Light is emblem of knowledge. The context an emblem of knowledge, allows that the primary reference in Paul's words to the Philippians was to their not being ignorant of the coining of "the day of the Lord." Man was made to know. The word man means a thinker. Because man can think, and remember, and reason God has put all things under his feet. God made inan to have dominion over the works of his hands. (Psalms viii. 5-8.) Man has not. the strength of the horse, but he can yoke steam to his chariot. He has not the keen vision of the eagle, but he constructs the telescope. In this sense all men are cliildrcn of light in knowledge. But a true Christian has knowledge which is peculiarly his own. Not a mere theo retical acquaintance with religions truth, but a knowledge which comes from God through Christ. Men may be able to read the Bible in tlie original tongues, to argue ably about religious questions, and yet be strangers to that knowledge which makes a man, in the highest sense of the words, a child of light. John Wesley was a son of the maii6e, the leader of the godly club nicknamed the Methodists by some wit at Oxford, the missionary who crossed the! Atlantic to Georgia, the ritualist so atten tive to church ceremonies, but it was not until May 24, 1738, that, in Aldersgate street, London, be felt his heart strangely warmed, and ever after could put a new meaning into this article of the Apostle's: creed, "I believe in the forgiveness of sins." Thomas Chalmers had passed through his divinity course, had become the. minister of a parish, preached sermons full of fire and force. But there came a day when Chalmers experienced a change, j which revolutionised bis life. "If any man be in Christ Jesus, he is a new creature." What was this knowledge which made Wesley the Saint John of modern England, and which gave to Chalmers, after that vivid experience, sueb evangelieal fervour? Scripture is the best- interpreter of Scrip ture. Of all commentaries the "Commen ts!)' wholly Biblical" is the most valuable. Ike knowledge which the genuine Christian possesses is tans described in various New Testament texts:—"We know that we have passed from death unto life."—1 John *ii. 14\. "I know whom I have believed.—2 Tim. i. 12. "We know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved," &C.;—2 (Jar. v. 1. "We know that when He shall appeafe we shall be like Him," &c.; lii. 2. —1 John .... . Have we this knowledge? Have we passed from death unto life? The change may have eomeinthequiet of the sick room, at the communion table, in the sanctuary, " .It in the inquiry-room. It may have been as auiet as the daybreak, or startling as the thunder peal, but has the change come? Do we know whom we have believed? Is Christ to us a reality—a rode on which we build, a refuge to which We flee? Do we know of the life that is beyond this; the house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens? Possessed or thia knowledge, we are children of light- without it, whatever may be our native strength of intellect or our acquired stores of information, we are, as far as our spiritual life is concerned, not in light, but in darkness. GLADNESS, Light is an emblem obj^adjfeaa. -"Truly, light is awoet, and a pleasant Bong it is for one's eyes to DeboM tam mro.—•Eccleai astes si. 7. Darkneia.de ^— How the birds with. the dawfti night, Htoae Wh>f foe Baptist tos foe prophet «f foe toss, foe aseefos, fofow eff tot ito] ton BBtiMiit tote, 'TtoM wm e mtoj of foe people. tletoattlttnoiineeifoci tod <iitotots.'l>,"4«)«V«!.!9. ftklttosfesiii. thrit «toet wept, tot never smiled."; I* (tot taie? Weald women wifo all foeir: totrndtoe - knowledge of human «ratark< fane tonw^U: foetor children to to blessed t by em vtoce tone eras never lit op wtffo a enile? €to«t toobd info a kindly eye to{ foe ehfldren ttojing in (Jw mitotftoce, I Be did net refuse foe inritatito to foe mar-, t*age-feast. When there Be did wot frown J upon foe festivities, but tamed foe w»fc» into *im, in wider to add to foe tnmt etj tfoynent QiMinitj' totkfo *w» fot tote ehsk is worthy of a uin to take. The mission of Christianity in foe arotid is (bo pre lenity for ashes, and foe oil of Joy tow mourning, tod foe garment of main for foe spirit of heaviness. A ttoonjr Rpremtotwa of religion us done foe cause of Christ much barm. Godliness should never be soar. Borne of foe Puritans and Methodists made foe mistake of associating religion with melancholy. Who has so much right to be happy and to look cheerful as a genuine Christian man? la not God his rather? and Christ his Saviour? and foe limy Ghost hie comforter? and angels his ministering servants? and heaven his home? The children of a King should go through life with heads erect and coun tenances lit up with Joy. pctarVi Light Is foe most striking emblem of purity that we know. Gold may be pure, but a baser metal can be added to it. Water may be pure, but the Yarra that leaps and sparkles among foe hills becomes foul as foe city's sewer. Snow may be pure. After a night of hoary snow the landscape is covered with a robe of spot less whiteness, but foe wheels of traffic, the footsteps of the pedestrians, defile it,' but light cannot be defiled. God is light! Why? Because Be is foe God of infinite knowledge, because He is a God of glad ness, "the blessed God" (1 Tim. i. 11}, but also because lie is the God of holiness. Christians are called to holiness. One of the beatitudes speaks of foe blessedness of the pure in heart. Without holiness no man shall see the Lord. "Into foe gates of the New Jerusalem there passeth nothing that defilefo." This holiness has its mani festation in love to God and love to man. It is holiness in every-day life, the holiness which makes a man kind, unselfish, honourable in his business transactions., scorning to do anything which is mean and crooked. A church is strong just in pro portion as its ministers and members are] holy. Tennyson sings— "llis strength was like the strength of ten, be cause his heart was pure." A church in Heidelberg, Germany, is called "The Church of the Holy Ghost." What that church is in name every church ought to be in reality. A church may have eloquence and culture In foe pulpit, social magnates and wealthy supporters in the |>ew, an aesthetic, musical service, bilPwith out holiness no conquests will be won for Christ. Hearers may be charmed with the eloquence of the preacher, the music of the choir, but unless it is a holy church no one goes home praying "God be merci ful to me, a sinner," or singing "Nearer my God to thee!" On the other hand, a church may lie bald in its religious ser vices, feeble in its pulpit expositions; but yet if it has foe power of holiness there urfll be an unction in its services which will cause the worshippers within the walls of its sanctuary to say, "This is none other than the House of God." The churches of Australia need this power of holiness. They have men of elo quence in their pulpits—able ministers of the New Testament, defenders of foe faith, church members intelligent and liberal; but if our churches are to be centres of ag gressive effort, then ministers and oliurcli members must seek to be children of thej light in purity. MANIFESTATION. Paul knew nothing of the spectrum analysis, or of the colours which blend in a sunbeam, but he knew one of the great properties of light when he wrote "Things are made manifest by foe light!" Light shows itself, whether seen in foe spark or the sun, the glowworm or the electric light. And Christians are to be children of the light in manifestation. "Let your light so shine before men that they may light ligion will manifest itself. When? Always. Where? Everywhere. How? In conversa tion and conduct. There cannot he as sharp a contrast between foe professor of religion and foe non-professor in a Chris tian land as there was between a Christian abd a heathen in ThessaJonica. Christianity has not been in foe world for 1,800 years without doing much to purify the atmo sphere, and to sweeten human relation ships. But there must be a difference be-' tween "a man of the world," whose out look is bounded by time, ana a Christian, who professes to nave come under the in fluence of "the powers of the worid to come." How is this difference shown? Some have tried to show it by their dress. But Quakers and the early Methodists and Salvationists have not necessarily been a better people because they wear a distinc tive dress. Pride may have its place under the drab drees of foe Quaker, or the poke bonnet of the early Methodist, or foe scarlet jacket of the Salvationist, as well as under ''purple and fine linen." The difference between a Christian and a non professor of religion does not necessarily show itself in the adoption of a peculiar style of speech, like that adopted by foe Puritans, who interlarded their conversa tion with Scripture texts, But foe dif ference will show itself in the subjects of conversation chosen, in foe company, sought, in the motives which govern every ~ay lite, day life, in the control of temper, in the law of kindness governing language, in the constant Btriving after a life governed by the two great commandments, "Thou shall love foe Lord thy God with all thy heart; and thy neighbour as thyself." Control over tengter like that or the Quakeress, who sang " Slater TtbitlUi! all to plccefe , j|y bCRt ejifiia tea-pot broke; I-.toMpt my asul in patience, : Safer. a word of anger spoke." ■ 'foe lawrif kindness on the lip which avoids foe word of slander or aeorn. ' The great laws of God governing foe life which makes, foe master render to bis fetTanhi !& Afobw,M just end equal, which ctoto le tffnwW' to oo his work. iAgastef's back.as «rtic lire ifeMld &r; LbeS* Divine Mwdet\ M OafarttMts have Juidtet'eA we CIM^Aiibf iu> tawe titan fflfe f£tJcte^£ «fe #5feA itVfi^els. J®_- r_ he forgotten tfcat CfeHtftitos eliitte *e&ecte;<4, mot an inherent, light., c IftMttnMi m the ehweSes tealwe UM fe the light eff the * Him chine «poa tkir wwile,. fled Hie light, #od «he\e to tire w they ate "9i«di«i of the Light." 