[?] (By E. Phillips Oppenirim^ CHAPTER m. At tea o'clock he breakfasted, after three hours' sleep, and a cold bath.- ' In the bright yet soft spring daylight, the lines of his fa;ce had relaxed, and the pallor of his cheeks was less unnatural He was still a man of re markable appearance; his features -were strong and firmly chiselled, his forehead -vfas square and almost hard. He wore no beard, [ but a 'slight, 'black moustache only half -con- cealed a delicate and sensitive month. His complexion and his soft grey eyes were alike posSessed of a singular clearness, as though they were, indeed, the indices of a temperate and well-contafned life. His dress, and every movement And detail of his person, were , characterised by an extreme deliberation; his whole environment bespoke a peculiar pnfl almost feminine fastidiousness. The few ap pointments of his simple meal were the most 1 perfect of their kind. A. delicate vase of f reshly-clit flowers stood on the centre of the spotless table-cloth— the hangings and color ing of the apartment were softly harmonious. The walls were hung with fine engravings —with' here and there a brilliant little water color of the school of Corot; a few marble and bronze' statuettes were scattered about on the mantelpiece and on brackets. There was nothing particularly striking anywhere, yet there was 'nothing on which the eye could -not rest -with pleasure. At half-past fen' he lit a .cigarette, and sat down_at _his jlesk. ' He wrote quite steadily for an hour; attEe'end of that time he pinned together the result of his work, and wrote a hasty note: 1 . '113 Piccadilly. 'Dear Mr. Haslup,— I went last night to the new theatre, and I send you my views as to what I saw there. But I beg that you will re member my absolute ignorance on all matters pertaining to the modern drama, and use £our own -discretion 'entirely as to the dispo sal of the enclosed, r do riot, feel myself, in any sense of ,.the word, a competent critic, and I trust that you will not feel yourself under the least obligation to give to my views the weight of your journal. — I remain, yours truly, . ' t r 'John llatravers.' His finger was upon the bell, when his ser vant entered, bearing a note upon a salver. Matravers glanced at the handwriting already becoming familiar to him, recognising, too, the faint odor of violets which seemed to escape into the room as his fingers broke the seal. 'It is half-past eleven, and you have not come! Does that mean that you will 'not listen to me, that you mean to judge me un true? You will not be so unkind! I shall remain indoors until one o'clock, and I shall expect you. s ? . _ . 'Berenice.' Matravers laid the note down; and covered ft with a paper-weight. Then he sealed his own letter, and gave it, with the manuscript, to his servant. Tee man withdrew, and Mat ravers continued bis writing. He worked steadily until 2 o'clock. Then a simple luncheon was brought into him, and upon the tray another note. ? Matravers took it with some hesitation, and read it thought fully. ''Two o'clock. s 'You have made up your mind, then, not | to- eome. Very well, 1$ too, am- determined, i If you will not come to me, I shall com£ to | you. I shall remain in until four o'clock. You j may expect to sde me any time after then. ! 'Berenice.' \ Matravers.ate: his lnneheon and pondered, i finally deciding to abandon^ a struggle In j which his was obviously the weaker position. He lingered for awhile over- his coffee; at j three o'clock retired for a few moments into] his dressing-room, and then descending the stairs, made his way out into the street He had told himself only a few hours back &ji;? he would be wise to ignore this sum mons /from a woman, the ways of whose life must lie very far indeed from his. Yet he knew that his meeting with her had affected him as nothing of the sort had ever affected him before— a man unimpressionable where women were concerned, and ever devoted to and cultivating a somewhat unnatural ex ehisiveness. Her first uote he had been eon tent to ignore, — she might have written it in a fit of pique— but the second had made him thoughtfuL Her very persistence was char acteristic. * Perhaps' after all she was in the right— he had arrived too hastily at an ig noble conclusion. Her attitude towards him was curiously unconventional; it was an at titude such as none of the few women with 'wibm he had ever been brought into con tact would have dreamed of assuming. But none the less, it had for him a fascination 'which he could not measure or define,— it had. awakened a new sensation, -which, as a ? philosopher, he was anxious to probe. The mysticisDfr-of his early morning wanderings seemed to him, as he walked leisurely throngh the sunlit street, in a sense ridiculous. After all it was no little thing that he was going to do; he was going to make, against his will, an afternoon call. To other men it wouldU have seemed less than nothing. Albeit he knew /he was about to draw into his life a new experience. He rang the bell at Number 18, Large street, and gave his card, to. the trim little maidservant who opened the door. In a minute or two she returned, and invited him to follow her upstairs; her mistress was in, j and would see him at once. She 'led the way ! up the broad staircase into a room which _e/mld perhaps be most aptly described as a 'feminine den. The walls, above the low .bookshelves which bordered the whole apart ment, were hung with a medley of water-colors and photograph's, water-colors which a single glance showed him were good, and of the school-' then most in' vogue. ? The' carpet was soft and thick, divans and easy, chairs filled with cushions were plenti ful. By , the side of one of these, which bore signs of recent occupation,, was a reading stand, ancTupon it a Shakespeare, and a vol ume .of his own critical essays. To him, with all his senses quickened by an intense curiosity, there seemed to hang about the atmosphere of the room that subtle odor of femininity which, in the case of a man, would probably iiave been represented by tobacco smoke. A Sevres jar -of Neapoli tan, violets stood Tipon the table near the di van. Henceforth the perfume t)f violets seemed a thing apart from the perfume of all other flowers to the -man who stood there waiting, himself with a few of the light pur? , pie blossoms in the buttonhole of Ms frock coat. CHAPTER TV. She^came to him so noiselessly, tiiat for a moment or two he was unawarei of her eit trance. There was neither rustle of skirts or the sound of any' movement to apprise him of it, yet he became suddenly conscious that he was not alone. He turned 'around at once : and saw her standing within a .few feet of him. ,. She held out her hand frankly. 'So you have come,' she said; 'I thought that you would. But then you had very little choi«e, had you?' she added, with, a little larigh. ? . She -passed thim, and . deliberately seated herself amongst a pUe of cushions 'on the divan nearest her reading stand. .For the moment he neglected her gestured invitation, and remained standing, looking at her. 'I -was. very glad to come,' he said simply. She shook her head. / 'You were afraid .of my threat. You were ; .afraid that I might come to you. Well, it is probable; almost certain that I should have come. You have ^aved yourself from that, at any rate.' Although the situation w«»s p, novel one to him, be was not in the . le^t embarrassed. He was altogether too sincere to be possessed of any self -consciousness. He found ..him self at last actually .in the presence of the womaii -\ehcr, , shicg first W had seen h&tj; months ago, driving in the park, 'had been constantly in his thoughts, a±ni he' began to wonder with perlest clearness of judgment wherein lay her- peculiar ^fascination! That she -was hangsome, of her type, went for nothing. The world was full of more beauti ful women whom fie saw day by day with out the -faintest thrill of interest. Besides, her face was too pale and her form too thin for exceptional beauty. There must be some thing else— something about her personality which refused to lend itself to any absolute analysis: She was perfectly dressed— lie realised that, because he was never after wards able to recall exactly what she wore. Her eyes were eoft and dark and luminous, —soft with a light the power of which he was not slow to reeognise. But none of these things were of any im portant account in reckoning with the woman. He became convinced, in those few moments of deliberate observation, that there was jnothing in her 'personnel' which could justify her reputation. On the whole he was glad of it. ^ Any other form of attraction was more welcome to him than a purely physical one! 'First of all,' she began, leaning forward and looking at him over her interlaced fingers; 'I want you to te^ me this! You will answer me faithfully, I know. - What did you think of my writing to you, of my persistence? Tell me exactly what you thought.' 'I was surprised,' he answered; 'how Could -I help it? I was surprised, too,' he ,added, 'to find that I wanted very much to ,come.' - - ??-- 'The rwomen whom you know,' she said quietly — 'I suppose you do know some — would not have done such a thing. Some people say that I am mad! One may as well live up to one's reputation; I have taken a little of the licence of madness.' 'It was unusual, perhaps,' he admitted; 'but who is not weary of usual things? I gathered from your note that you had some thing to explain. I was anxious to hear what that explanation could be.' She was silent for a moment, her eyes fixed upon vacancy, a faint smile at the corners, of her lips. „ ' 'First,' she said, 'let me tell you this. I want 'to. have you understand why I 'was anxious that you should not think worse of me than. I deserved. I am rather a spoilt woman. I have grown used to having my own way; I wanted to know you— I have j wanted to for some time. We have passed i one another day after day; I knew quite well j all the time wjio you were, and it seemed so j stupid! Do you know once or twice I have \ had an insane idea to come right up to your-j chair, and break in upon your meditatioiis-4 hold out my hand and make you talk to me. That would have been worse than this, would it not? But I firmly believe that I should have done it some day. So you see I wrote jmyMittle note in self- defence.' 'I do not know that- 1 should have been soVompletely surprised, after all,' he said 'I, too, have felt something of what you have expressed. I nave been interested in your comings and your goings. But then you knew that, or your would never have written to me.' 'One sacrifices so much,?' she murmured, 'on the altars of the modern goddess. We live in such a tiny compass — nothing ever happens. It is only psychologically that one's emotions can be reached at all. Events are quite out of date. I am speaking from a woman's point of view.' 'You should have lived,' he said, smiling, 'in the days of Joan of Arc' 'No doubt,' she answered, 'I should have found that equally dull. What I was en deavoring to do % was, first of all, to plead some justification for wanting to know you. For a woman there is nothing left but tht study of personalities.' 'Mine,' he answered, with a faint gleam in h,is eyes, 'is very much at your service.' j 'I am going to take you at your word,' she i warned him. 'You will be very mueh disappointed. I am perfectly willing to be dissected, but the result will be very inadequate.' ^ She leaned back amongst the cushions and looked at him thoughtfully/ 'Listen,' she said; 'I can tell you some thing of your history, as you will see. I' want you to fill in the blanks.' J. 'Mine,' he murmured, 'will be the greater task. My life is a, rgpord of 'blank places. The history is to come.' 'This,' she said, 'is the extent of my knowledge. You, -were the second son of Sir Lionel Matravers, and you have been an or phan since you were very young. You were meant 'to take Holy Orders, but when the time came you declined. At Oxford you djd very well indeed. You established a bril liant reputation as a classical scholar, and you became a fellow of St. John's. 'It was whilst you were there that you wrote 'Studies in Character.' Two years ago, I do not know why, you gave up your fellowship and came to London. You toon up the editorship of a review— the *BiWeek Iy,' I think— but'you resigned it on a matter of principle. You have a sonjwhat curious i reputation. The 'Scrutineer' invariably al | ludes to you as the Apostle of Aestheticisin. | You are reported to have fixed views as to the conduct of life,' down even to its most trifling details. That sounds unpleasant, but it probably isn't altogether true. . . . Don't interrupt, please! You have no intimate friends, but you go sometimes into society. You are apparently a mixture of poet, philo sopher, and man- of fashion. I have heard j you spoken of more than once as a disciple of Epicurus. You also, in the -^course of your I 'literary work, review novels— unfortunately for me— and six months ago you were the cause of my nearly crying my eyes out. It was perhaps silly of me to attempt, without any literary experience, to write a modern j story, but my own life supplied the motive, and at least I was faithful to what I felt and knew. No one else has ever said such cruel things about my work. - 'Woman- like, you see, I repay my injuries by becoming interested in you. If you had praised my book, I daresay I should never have thought of you at alL Then there is ©lie tiling more. Every day you sit in the park- close to where I stop, and — you look at me. It seems as though we had- often spok en there. Shall I tell you what I have freen vain enough to think sometimes? 'I have watched you from a distance, often before you have seen me. You always sit in the same attitude; your eyebrows area ftttle contracted, there is generally the ghost of a smile' upon your lips. You are like an; out sider who has come to look upon a brilliant show.; I could fancy that you have^clothed: yourself in the personality of that young Ko man noble whose name-, you have made so famous, and from another age were gazing tolerantly and even kindly upon the-^blly and the pageantry which have survived for two thousand years.: And then I have taken my little place in the procession, and I have fancied that a subtle change has stolen m'to your face. You have looked at me as. gravely as ever, but no longer as an imperso'nal spec tator. ? - . 'It is as though I have seemed a liveperson: to you, and the others mummies. Once- the change came so swiftly that I smiled at you— I could\not help it— and you looked away.' *1 remember it distinctly,' he interrupted. 'I thought the smile: was for someone behind' me.' ? ' . ? ' .' . ? ?-..- ?,?- .-'?- She shook her head. ' ' s ' 'It wag for you. Now I have finished. Fill in the blanks, please.' . (To be continued.) . ' ?When an undergraduate at Cambridge (writes a correspondent of the London 'Evening News'), I -was, on one occasion, -conducting 'somebody's sister' round the. 'Pitzbflly -aa' the 'FitzwHliam Museum' was irreverently called). Suddenly she pulledVup'at the marble group of the she^wolf suckling Romulus and Remus. 'Look,' she crtei; to the amusement of the other visitors, and, to/ the dismay of her /accompanying swain, 'TbePe'M Romeo «ad Julittl' , 