RECORDS OF THE mm®. History of British Boxing. VII K OP ♦?THE WORLD ART OP £KLF-I-KFi:\CE.' Fighters: From Fig to Poley. A Chronological Aocount of Boxers and Battles from 1719 to 1898. (Edited b? ' Boxeb-3£aj&W;) [copyrighted.] NO. Xxx\ I . After the brutal treatment to which he was subjected during his contest with veteran George Maddnx, young Tom Cribb might well have bean oxpocLcd to 'l:e oft'' for awhilo. But Tom was not the kind of man to coddle or to yield to hard knock*, and three days found him lively and v/cll, sporting his contused eye at the Fives Court, where he was challcnped by Tom Blake, alias Tom Tough. It did not take long to arrange preliminaries between two such wining reuows, an a reo. K-, was uie dato fixed for the encounter, and. they duly met on Blackhealh. 'Twas a short fight and a merry one. Each man had made the most of his month for training and was very tit. A tre mendous crowd thronged the heath when Richmond (black) and .loe Norton led Cribb into the ring. Blake had Dick Hall and Webb for his attendants. They set to with the greatest vigor and for a quarter of an hour betting remained at evens. Then, however, the cognosconti began to tumble to the fact (they must have been pretty slow observers in those days!) that Cribb's long reach prevented most of Blake's blows from getting home, while Tom stabbed the other sailor-man at will. Yet the aptly nick -named 4- Tom Tough,' like Banquo's ghost, would not down, though at tlie end of an hour ho was a greatly distressed man, and odds of 3 to 1 on Crihb were freely offered. Blake, however, stood to his g«ns, and by clever stopping and dsdging escaped a knock-out So griiuly did lie tight that in tho last round but ono lie got several very hard punches on to his opponent's nappc-r. Cribb rallied furiously, however, and as Blake dashed in to reply he stepped out of reach ; and as ho overbalanced, Cribb gripped and cros9-buttocked him heavily, Blake came up a tired man to the next; and as Cribb simply got all over him, and Blake could hardly stand, let alone 1ij!»t, he yielded, but not without honor, aud Cribb showed the marks of his nmnlv visitations. As previously st itcd, fhnuqh Belcher, Warr, Mendoza, Bittoon, Berks, Maddox and Jack Holmes were presmt, and the Corinthians oT'cred to back Cribb against any pug living, none Came forward to acccpt 4, a sure indication of the impres sion the strapping 11 Black Diamond J1 had crcated. TOM CRIBb, Champion of Eug'anl. Cribb was not allowed to rest upon the laurels thus acquired in two battles within two months. A gigantic Jew, well known among the sporting schools, got it into his head that he could knock the polish off the ' Black Diamond' (who many of the so called cognoscenti declared to be as 'slow as a top '), and induced somebody to post 50 gs to battle Cribb, Black heath being named as the rendezvous. They met on May 21, 1805. Tom Jones 'was behind Cribb and Will Wood picked up the Jew. For the first quarter of an hour lkey made the- most of his great strength, closing at the end of each round and throwing Cribb heavily more than once. Cribb fought steadily and cautiously, and generally drawing his man aftor him and milling on the retreat. Being down undermost at the end of several rounds, the ordinary hasty superficial spectators thought that Crihb had the worst of it and tho betting turned against him. However, in the eighth and ninth rounds, though Cribb was down, lkey had been having much the worse of it, for he was not only facially disfigured, but sadly distressed by some tremendous half arm punches whioh Tom had landed with his ngl^ton the left side. The Yid. came up for two more rounds, and got terribly punished, until ho was pitiably distressed and had to cry a go, much to tbe disgust of the Hebrews, who svore dat de schioeamacoula showed dc vite fedder ! .The real, unbiassed judges, who wero not blinded by the sheen of their vanishing crowns, more truly diagnosed the matter, and were agreed that poor Ikev never had a look in, and fought very gal lantly under such oircumBtanccs. They didn't give the new crack much rest ! Only the next month he was matched to fight George Nicholls. They met on July 20, 1805, at Broadwater, and in this battlo Cribb received hie first and only licking. Tho stake was a subscription purse of il'25, and the account in NioiioiU' memoir says the scene was Blackwater, 32 miles from London. Tlie purse was made' up hy the amateurs, we arc also told ill that report, (so that it would not appear tohavobeeu a prearranged match) to compensate them for the disappointment over tiio postponement of the light between The Gatuc Chicken and Gully. Tom Jones was Nieholls' osquiro, ' and Dick Hall seconded Cribb. Hear}' money was laid on Cribb at olds. This di«l not dismay Nicholls, how ever, who, warned l»y experience, re fused tofo.low Cribb and gel 44 milled on the retreat |: as his predecessors had been kidded to do. He fought with extraordinary coolness and good temper .nullum absolute self control prevented Cribb from making him throw uwny his strength and temper in futile hitting on the chase. Nicholls kept an impregnable guard nud kuocked Cribb down with a well fcinicil right at tbe end of tho first round. By countering ovcry time CriLb caniL* e?ose enough to hit hard and putting all his strength ;md weight into the blow, Nicholl's l-c.Lraii *.o cut Tom's face to pieces and at the end of tlie 2.1th round had completely close1! one ol his eyes. Cribb fought trickily and bravely, but at tho end 'of the 4Uth round btgan to show lack of condition and mistimed and mis judged frequently, even falling with hie own ill-directed impetus. At the end of 5*2 rounds lie iave in, unable to Bee and hardly to breathe. Nicholls fought Cribb just as Big Ben did Tom Johnson, and he met Tom's leads with stiff counters a'.u Jaok Slack, whoss towney In was. On tho strength of his winnings, supplemented by several round sums, gilts from admirers of a good man, Nicholls went back to his native Bristol, where he opcuod a butcher's shop, an. I added another to tho long list of contradictions to the nialignens of the -port,, who invariably conncct ruffianism with the ring, by living a long life and earnings character forquiet, manly, modesty and hone-ty. His turn was towards rcligiou, and his leisure was spent in tho gc.itle pursuit of angling. He died June 6, IS. 12, aged 53. Cribb, on the contrary, bo far from re tiring, w^ssoon in tho heat of battle again. On October 8, 1S03, he fought Bill Rich mond, the blac-:, in the same ring iu which that noble fellow. Hen- Pcarce, had jusi» conquered the courtly John (iully. So in tense was the excitement over that Titanic contest that Cribb anl the coon tvere hardly noticed. The absurd aulics of Richmond wcie sufficient to amuse, however, and judging from the reports our own smellful 'Starlight' must have been cast in the same mould. ? 'To call it a battle, however,' says tho writer of the day, t4 is to disgrace the synonj'iu of fight. It was a most unequal match. Richmond, finding he could not get at his steady and formidable opponent, hopped and duueed about the ring, sometimes falling down, at others jigging round in tho style of an Otahetian dance (a sort of terpsiehoieau eccentricity that the writer knew a lot about, no doubt !) Cribb appeared somewhat puzzled hy his opponent's long black pegs, anu could not bo persuaded to go in and lick him oif hand, us everyone knew was well within 1ub power. Atvumy uiujuwcs empou-.i wiuiumu a single blow of any consequence passing. In tliis manner thoy spun it out for one hour and a half, when l hey took Die black fellow away, and Cribb was a scathlcss victor. Tom now rose into general notice, anil John Jiickson having introduced him to the renowned Captain Barclay of Ury, that splendid hacker and astuto judge at onco took him iu hand, had him trained under his own eye, and hacked him for 200gs. against tho then unapproachable Jem Bel cher. whoso prestige was ro great that even ihc lo.-i.-j of an eye was not considered a handii-ap, and 6 to 4 was laid ou him from the moment of matching. This brilliant and historic pair met on the classic turf at -Moulseyon April S, 1807 Bill Warr and Bill Richmond seconded Cribb, and Gully aud 13ob Watson attended ti.e champion. Naturally, the fight was chock-full of i sciencc, but Jem's grace of attitude made him conspicuous cvon agaiii6t such a cracker- ' jack a:s L'ribli. Bslcher threw Crihb in the , first round, and iu the second the Bristol crack got in two heavy blows, and Cribb in attempting to return, fell, with blood show ing on his lips. The third saw Cribb making the pace, and after several sevcro hits he got in 'holts'5 and threw .Belcher, though as he fell Jem drove in a heavy body blow. Tom warded Jem's leads in tho fourth, got in grips, and fell. In the next, tho fifth, Belcher got a tcrrilie right on to Cribb's loft eye, closed, drove two heavy rights on th$ ribs, and threw his man. Bettingsprangto 5 to 2 on Belcher. Cribb was weak in the Gth, and fell in warding a blow (appears to this seribe that Cribb's wisdom in spelling was mistaken for weakness). Jems body-work was very uoticcable on Cribb's ribs as thoy shaped for the' 7th. Cribb tried valiautly to laud, but Jem parried cloverly, and rallied his man to tho ropes, to which he clung and fell fatigued, Bclchcr also going to hi6 kneos. Cribb bled freely iu the 8th, and after hitting and retreating alternately thoy closed and fell. In the next, Belcher fell on striking Cribb.* The 10th saw the oddB rise to 4 to 1 on Belcher, and Cribb was very fatigued, being whacked at \yill by Jem. The 1 1th was similar, but tli'e 12th saw Cribb's extraordinary stamina making itself felt, and he it was who appeared the stronger, while Jem begau to wilt under tho strain. Cribh rallied briskly, planted one under Jem's 'round eye, and threw him. The 13th had always been Belcher's lucky round, and in it-he. had shone the best in all his previous contests, and this was no exception. Jem never fought better, faster or more brilliantly, aud ne ended up by throwing Cribb. In- the 14th, Cribb stopped Belcher's double lead and got both hands home on tlie body ; they closed and felL Round 15 saw Jtalcher full of gaiety and battle and he rallied Tom to. tho ropes and they fell. The stopping of Cribb in the 14th made the knowing ones begin to wonder how their bets would go. Cribb, it was very palpable, had received severe punishment, but seemed capable of taking any amount more, while it was well known that Belcher's stamina was not what it had been* All the same in tho 17th Jem forced the fighting till Cribb fell from sheer fatigue. The 18th would have finished any less gluttonous a hero than Cribb. Jem got on to the body heavily with both hands and wound up with a terrible punch in the throat that Bent Cribb violently to earth, utterly exhausted. At the cIobo Jem's seconds found that he had badly spraiaed his right wrist, and he could barely )i8e it afterwards. By the time the 21 st was reached it was seen that galla&t; Jem was hitting all out of distance and was evidently getting weak in his ono eye. From this out the youth and strongth of Cribb asserted themselves more and more, and poor Belcher fell weaker and weaker till Cribb's tremendous blows quite wore the idol of tho Fancy out, and in the 4ist round, after only 35 minutes fight ing, he reeled upon tho ropes and yielded. It was a heavy day for the peerless boxer who had inaugurated an era and only boen beaten once before (and then only after the Iobs of his eye and (worse) his lovely, equable temper), by such a performer as his towney, Hen Pe&rcc.; Anyhow, the victory oyer such a redoubtable man at once placed Cribb in a line for the championship, and there we will leave him for this week. The child that's healthy and robust, Grows up a strong and hardy man, The child that's always puny, must Become consumptive, pale, and wan; The infant fretful with a cough, May many future ilia endure, Unless the mother knows enough, And buys some W oods' Peppermint Cure. ? i&rplcal; A mil aucej, 3 rui«a, liuemas, elo. Laiyegt Block at tho ueutva Crou Pliatma-cj, 9 Qeorgc- Eireet W«M,f 