ROYAL PRINCESS THEA TRE “£1000 REWARD.” A new piece was presented at the theatre last night by Messrs. Holloway and Ander- son’s Company. The prologue opens pro- misingly in the South African goldfields with a Knife, duel, - in which one man receives a stab in his heart and,is naturally, and at the.samotime unnaturally, forced to give up the ghost.- Tile man who uses the knife bo effectively is the hero, Degrade. Then the play prdper cpmmencesinEngland. Gilbert , Lisle, who committed a murder there in con noefeion with wliich the,reward is offered, is step by step.'driven into a corner by Detec tive. Raiusworth. Legyade’s two children i and his wife, who deaerted him for Lisle, ap vpcar on, the-scene, and undergo many vicis situdes. The murderer, who turns coiner, [ and then burglar, breaks into the hero’s i house, and there meets his old mistress, whom ho conveniently despatches with a | blow on the head,' and in return receives a j bullet, which, ends his. career- in a fittingly tragic; manner; /Tlie, ;dymg woman lingers I long enough for her husbanjMo absolve her by his forgiveness and to hold her in -his arms as thc curtaui descends. , , ' : ' The -house greatly enjoyed. thc "thrilli ness*’ of the plot,*’and warmly applauded'the various - tragic, denoumonts, The piece, however,, is-not without humor, and much laughter was .evoked. From first to-last the play mcwed wifch spirit, and the audi ence wbre“ interested -to the end. Mir. J. G. Patten as Lcgrode Again acted up to his reputation, while'Mr/-C. R. Stanford made a clever detective. 'Gilbert,Lisle, the crafty coiner and hurglar, was a’thoroughly repul sive; character as, represented 7 T by Mr. Lau rence Dunbar. .Tha/port of. the false -wife ■ was played' by hliss Ada'Guildford,, in her usual capable manner, ; Itfisa Buckley, as Meg Inglefbrdifand as KibTy giuxL The various well im personated//. <■■ -<:i ■ • '■/ d - ■ "•' • • : " ■'' r To-hight ,-of ./.this popular; there should be ahigfhduse £osee them off. -., .■. . > * At? the'last Liverpool (hboesaii- confef ©nee; Bishop, Ryfe closed. Ms address \ as pmideriJb, vyith tlio ;There are wliich itchneds' no T)aniel; -There ; is a current m^ it is a question- Ayhether *we are not 'al readyin it:drifting‘dbisifward, though;> hot/ ahd in ; ’-ft 'we' sha ; otoi* >; ; ; ‘ ' v 