The Monk's Room. A GHOST STORY. (By T.O.A.) 1 When I was about 18 yeara of age I had the good fortune to sea- a ghost. Now, some people may not oall it good fortune to have their hair stand up straight in the middle of the night, a oold Bhiver run down their spine, their legs 1 all of a tremble,' their eyes starting out of their Bookets. Nor did I at the time ; but ever sinoe then I have often wished to see another ghoat, but ne'er a one has ever troubled me ' at the witohing hour of night,' or indeed at any other time. . ..... It is a disputed question whether the spiritB of our departed are allowed to visit the earth and appear to as again or not. Still their are oases on record wbioh would make one a believer. I was on board ship at one time and went down to the second mate's oabin to have a yarn; it was about 8 o'clock at night. We were smoking oigara, and the subject of our conversation was about burning mountains in general, and Mount Vesuvius in particular. I mention this to show that our minds were afar off anything bearing on the spiritual, and further, there were no spirits, bottled or otherwise, in the cabin. My friend, Charlie, was talking, giving a most vivid description of the eruption of Vesuvius as he hail seen it, when he stopped abruptly, turned deathly pale, and pointing to the bunk, said, ' Do you see him ?' I thought he was mad, and replied, ' See who ? thiok head.' 'Can't you'see him there? Look, he is pointing to me. Oh 1 God, it's my father and bo saying poor old Charlie fell off his seat in a dead faint. I ran up on deck and oalled the first mate down, telling him how it all occnred. We foroed some brandy down Charlie's throat, and he soon reoovered and said, ' What time was it when I saw him ?' ' Nine o'olook,' I replied, ' And the day of the month ?' ' September 10,' I said. He turned to his brother offioer and said] ' Mr S , please put the date and time' on a pieoe of paper and give it to me when I land in London. Within the week we were in London docks, and I aBked Charlie to come to my plaoe for a day or two when he got leave. He assented, but said, ' I must just run down to Brighton first and see my people.' I went to my peoples' plaoe in London and waited unt.il Charlie should get leave. Near the end of the week he turned up and asked me to go with him to Brighton, and then we would go on to Eastbourne afterwards. I readily assented, and the next morning we were spinning away in a fast train to Brighton, and enjoying ourselves splendidly. Within the hour we arrived and walked down to Charlies place, which was not far from the station, he did not wait to know, but walked in and surprised his mother and sisters in the dining room. 1 Hulloa,' he said, ' what are you all dressed in black for?' His mother beejan to cry, and his sister said, ' Oh! Charlie, did you not hear that father was dead ?' ' Dead!' said Charlie, i when did he die ?' ' On September 10 last, at 9 o'clock at night,' she replied :— This story is a fact and will lead up to what I started to write about, namely, < the monk's room.' In the early spring _ of the year 1870 a dear old maiden aunt of mine asked me to go with her to an old friend's place in Warwickshire, I jumped at the chance, and was in the highest spirits imaginable, as I longed to see this beautiful country. As we neared the house my spirits went up a peg or two higher, for a more lovely situation for a residence 1 could not imagine. We drove up through an immense avenue of trees hundreds of years old, and pulled up at the main entrance to the house, where a portly old butler, looking as old as the house, met us with a most kindly smile. I liked the old man from the first—and I liked him better ; by day when he showed me round the house and grounds, and told me all the weird tales connected with a plaoe so old and grey aa this. I feel I cannot desoribe this fine old family mansion. I could not do justice to it. It was built somewhere about Queen Elizabeth's time, and addod to at different times. The spacious rooms were oak'lined and the floors polished so that you could see your face reflected thereon. You reached the first story by n fine old oaken staircase, rich with wonder ful carving, and from the first landing doors opened into passages down a few steps then »p a few steps and you found yoursolf in a picture gallery whsre all the stately portraits of long dead ancestors immediately turned their solemn eyes upon you, causing I you to hold your breath and speak in ; whispers through this gallery. Out on to a small balcony, down and up a few steps again, and then—why you were lost! I wa» fully an hour finding my way back to the front entranoe. It was wonderful ? Surely, surely, I thought thwe must be a family ghost in such a place as this ; and then I mat the butler and he showed me to my room, the good old fashioned four-poster heavily curtained, a bright fire in the grato, for the evenings were chilly, the walls all paneled and carved in. oak, covered with armour and swords and all manner of warlike implements of a bye-gone age. What a room to dream in! The windows looking over the lake in front of the house and beyond the silent slowly running river, and the farm lands and the woods, making in all a very lovely picture. What better I place for a poet and a dreamer ? Yet II was no poet, and I was too young 1 and healthy to boast much of dreams —tut I was fond of the armour and the s words and axes and the oak panels. Aye I now I could recall all the stories I had read of seoret passages and sliding doors, and people hiding, and look ing through the pioturea on the wall. I was loth to leave the room when the gong struok for dinner, and my hands idly I touobed the walls here and there as I I reluctantly left the passage to reaoh the staircase. But I was startled, for lo 1 as my hand touohed a fine piece of carving the panel slid on one Bide, and there was a big dark hole. It gave me a • turn,' but I struck a match and looked in. There w«b nothing there but a small oloset about 4ft. square and 7ft. high—only that and nothing more. I got into the plaoe and thumped on all Bides, but oould make nothing of it, So I Game out, and after a few moments found the seoret of again olosing the panel. [ What cunning men were artizans in those days I You can imagine I had food for thought for many days. Nothing happened for dayB and days. I I have never before or since enjoyed myself as I did those three months I spent in Warwickshire. Never shall I forget it. | Beautiful drives day by day! Visits to 8tratford-on-Avon, Kenilworth Castle and Shakespeare's house and tomb I Then there was the Oastle, one of the most interesting monuments of feudal grandeur in the Kingdom. The Keep erected in the days of our Anglo-Saxon ancestors is now only a picturesque ruin—all these things oarrying one book, back, baok to the days of baronial splendor, when many a lord, proud possessor of such a oastle as this, held the lives and fortunes of trembling vassals in dependence upon hiB uncontrolled | will. It was wonderful to go baak to those old times and picture to oneself the people of the bygone days. Than there was fishing on the Avon, and-then— But you will bear nothing about the Monk's room if I go | on at this rate. One evening we had a dinner party, and after the ladies retired to the drawing-room I went out on the terrace for a smoke. I was just beginning to smoke there, and I was rather tired of listening to the con versation of the old fogeys at the table, who were becoming rather boisterous over J the rioh old wines of whioh our host was [justly proud. I never looked upon the wine when it was red then. ■ After Btrolling about for a while | the vioar oame out and joined me in my walk. He was a dear old man, and, by the way, he bad a daughter about ten years older than myself, with whom I fell deeply in love. I believe it is usual for a youth of my age to fall in love I with a woman about ten years his senior. So, naturally, I was inclined to be very uioe indeed to one whom I then "thought would be my father-in-law. He began to | talk of the people in his parish ; from that subjeot we passed on to others—old village tales and legends—and then he told me I that the house we were now at had its Ipgend; how, many years ago, Sir John S r fell in love with a girl. She, of course, was fair and beautiful, but Bhe [ loved another and was betrothed to him. ; Sir John swore loudly that no one but he would marry the fair one. He invited a boBt of hiB boon companions to a banquet and sent a trusty messenger to the Priory J for a good and holy Monk—(of course he J did not tell the Monk what be was required (for)—and he also sunt a small body of : retainers to seize the girl and bring her to ' this bouse. i All was carried out to the letter. When the company had well drunk ; and were happy, 8ir John told them that be was going to marry the most beautiful girl on that oountry side, and the wedding | would be that night. This announcement j oaused the oompany to drink heavier i and heavier, and nothing but oaths | and laughter oould be heard in the noble dining hall that we had just quitted. ' Bring out the Monk,' oried Sir John. The Monk was brought in fear and trembling. 1 Bring forth the maid,' roared Sir John. The maid was brought in; of course she was all tears, but. . Sir John was not in the humour to listen to that sort of argument. To make a long story short, the Monk refused to marry them, and Sir John, in his fury, drew his dagger and threatened to kill him on the spot if he did not marry them straight off. After a lot of persuasion the "Monk fixed them np and immediately fell down in a fit. 1 Take the old dog to the kennel,' said Sir John, and the Monk was removed to a bedroom handy—in fact, the room I was now using as a bedroom. The old housekeeper took charge of the bride and led her away. The fan then waxed fast and furious, the company drinking and singing ribald songs and enjoying themselves as thoy wero wont in the good old dayB. It was sometime pagt mid-night when the bell in the tower began to toll, and this oaused a sudden sensation in the mad frolio, what oould it be ? The bell stopped; and in walked a figure like unto the Monk but pale and ghastly. He stood in the middle of the room, raised his right arm as if in warning and said, ' Sir John, my onrse and heaven's curse will follow you and yours for ever.' He then disappeared. Ob examination the dead body of the Monk was foand in his room on the bed where they bad laid him (my bed). The fair mud stabbed herself and died also ; bo altogether it was a tragic ending to a wedding banquet. Well, aa long as Sir John or his family lived in the honse, on the anni versary of the death of the Monk the Bhadowy form would leave the Monk's room, glide down the stairs (ghosts^ don't walk) into the dining hall, raise hia arm, and Bay, ' My ourse and heaven's ourse Will follow you and yours for ever. Of oourae it made it very uncomfortable, but it would appear that as long as Sir John's family held possession of the house the ourse had no evil effeot, ' and,' continued the Vicar, ' It is over 200 years ago since the Monk was seen,' ' Rather a lame legend, Vicar,' 'don't you think so?' I asked. ' Rather,' replied the Vicar, ' tut if you like to go into the library to-morrow I will show you some old manuscripts tha would lead one to believe there was some truth in it,' We joined the ladies — had some music — and returned to rest — nothing happened to disturb my rest that night, nor for a week afterwards, and I had forgotten all about the Monk. One night, we had all gone to bed, when I found I had left my watch in the library. I took my candle and went down for it, on returning with it I looked out of one of the windows, it was a dear moonlight night, the river glistened in the moonbeams and all waB ▼ery still, now and again a fish might jump in the lake, and a dog bark in the distance. I was so enraptured with the scene that I leant my arms on the window ledge and watched for, I daresay, half-an- hour. I had blown the ' oandle out as the moon gave ample light. All at once I was Btartled by the tower bell giving one clang. I oould hardly believe my senses. I gently olosed the window and listened—not a sound ; no one was disturbed. I began to think I waa mistaken, and went towards my room. Ere I reaohed it the door opened, and there came a figure, in monkish dress, gliding along towards me. How I shook and trembled I I felt as if cold water was running down my back, I leant against the wall for support. The figure passed close to me, and turned his head and looked me straight in the face. Ob, snoh an agonised expression 1 I can see that faoe until this day. The figure went down the stairs. I orawled to the landing and leant over the bannister. It went towards the dining room. I followed. It went up to the table, and looking at the portrait of Sir. John, raised itB right arm and said clearly, 'My ourse and heaven'B ourse will follow you and yours for ever.' It then turned quitely, retraoed ita Bteps up the stairs, passed me, again looking straight at me, on and on, into the bedroom, and olosed the door quietly. Can you imagine how I felt ? My teeth chattered, my hair stood on ends, my knees gave way. I was never bo frightened before or Binoe. I orawled np to my hoBt's door and knocked. He told me to oome in, and I think my looks frightened him. I told him my tale. He, very good naturedly, got out of bed and oame with me to my room; he opened the door. There waa no one there, but on the bed were the marks at if someone had recently lain there. Be it noted, I had not been to bed, and the maids swore the bed had been made as usual in the morning and ' turned down' in the evening. Reader—This is all. Believe it or not, as you will. I oan swear positively that I saw that Monk. 