P& goer By Peter Quince. " UNCERTAIN, coy and hard to please, " is what Walter Scott wrote of woman, and what probably Mr. Brough would write of the playgoing public if he judged by his present experience at the Princess' Theatre. "One Summer's Day," even if a little thin in plot, is an attractive piece, with something to please all sorts and conditions of playgoers in it. It has been admirably staged, and the Thames scenery of the Messrs. G 01 don should in itself have secured a lengthened run for the play. It is splendidly acted, and yet—the playgoing public must be feminine in mind, if not all feminine in sex— " If she will, she will, you may depend 011't, And if she won't she won't, and there's an end on't." For some hidden reason or unknown cause or unintelligible perversity, she—that is the playgoing public—she who must be obeyed—won't, and so there's an end of " One Summer's Day," too briefly closed upon these autumn nights. Last evening Anthony Hope's taking comedy " The Adventure of Lady Ursula," was revived w til more encouraging results, and next Saturdayjwe are to have a departure into farcical -jomedy pure and simple. " The Brixton Burglar" is probably the most upto-date farcical comedy that we have ever had here, for it is at present being played to crowded houses at Terry's Theatre, London. It is the work of Mr. Fred W. Sydney, is said to be exceedingly funny, and will be produced for the first time in Australia at the Princess' Theatre on Saturday next. IT is never safe to prophesy unless you are sure, but I think my forecast as to " The White Heather" is likely to turn out correct, or else prove to be under rather than over the mark. I said eight weeks. I should now feel inclined to hedge and say that the piece is more likely to achieve a run of ten weeks. Its success is not a matter for wonder, since there are so many assistant factors of success in it. In the first plare the plot turns upon the old, well-worn, everattractive theme, love and iutended murder. A plot of this kind is alwa3's dear to the bulk of humanity. It is all very well to set ingenious P rolj lem plays, but they interest but a small portion of th e community. Love came into the world wit',, a„d Eve, guile with the serpent, and nmwith Cain and Abel. It is a long way back, tiiinly, but if a dramatist or a novelist wants to reach the greater heart of a nation he must have Adam and Eve, the serpent, and Cain and Abel in his play or his book. He dresses them differently, he calls them by other names ; they arc there all the same. And as it has been, so it will be. In " The White Heather" the serpent perishes at the bottom of the sea, and Adam ami Eve are seen in modern London instead of ancient Eden, but the same loves and temptations are to be traced. The succession of beautiful scenery by Mr. Brunton delights the eye, and the acting, both of the serious and the humorous characters, keeps "The spectators interested throughout. No wonder the White Heather" is a great success, or that the Theatre Royal is crowded every evening. The Tivoli Minstrels at the Bijou Theatre are demonstrating the fact that if the public wants a thing they will go anywhere for it. I remember some years back when Martin Simonsen opened the Alexandra Theatre with Italian opera, the prophecies of failure were loui and confident. He had a splendid company, and the public was ripe for grand opera. The result was a great success, and, contrary to expectation and prophecy, the fashionable folks went into the slummy portion of the city for the simple reason that only there could they get what they desired. The Bijou Theatre has in the past been regarded as a somewhat unfor tunate abiding place. Since Charles Arnold's time, I do not think that any conspicuous financial success has been accomplished there. Oh, I forgot Thornton and "Charley's Aunt." As a general rule, however, the Bijou is not the scene of triumphant success. Mr. Harry Rickai-ds has changed the turn of ill-luck with his Tivoli Ministrels, and the theatre is now filled to overflowing every night. The Tivoli entertainment i6 what the gentle public howls for at present, and they do not mind how many steps they climb to get it. The fare furnished forth by the Tivs. is very toothsome and varied. Miss Peggy Pryde's contribution makes an entertainment in itself, whilst the unique dancing of Miss Cora Caselli is also a distinct feature. Pope and Sayles are as amusing as ever in their nigger delineations, and the Sisters Phillips and the Brothers Lorenzi give a highly mirth-provoking turn. Will Whitburn is a permanent Bpring of fun, and other artists, comic and sentimental, help to make the bill a very pleasant one. ; Chahles Arnold seems to have pent all London crazy with " What ./Happened. Jones." This farcical comedy is the grfjat; topic of conversation in the world's metropolis, arid' jidwspapers vie with each other in publishing pictures of Jones in every attitude. The latest is in The -Sketch of 25th January, where Mr. Arnold is pliot'ograpbed in the different dresses of the commercial and the clergyman. The letterpress underneath is taken from the dialogue of the play. In clerical dress Arnold appears, saying, "I am the Dean of Oskoloosa. How is business in our line in Australia?" In the character of the commercial traveller the quotation is, " I'm Jones, and I travel for a hymnbook house, but sell playing-cards as a side line." The photographs are especially good likenesses of Melbourne's old favourite of " Hans the Boatman" fame. ALTHOUGH Shakespeare is said to spell ruin, it is pleasing to find actors determined to risk loss for the sake of keeping the Divine William upon the colonial boards- Mr. Alfred Dampier is such a loving student of the great bard. Although he makes his money by the production of blood and thunder melodrama and other robberies under arms, he devotes an occasional night to a Shakesperian revival. It means a loss, but loss in a good cause is like the " labour we delight in," for it " phyRics pain." At the Bijou Theatre, Adelaide, last Friday evening " Hamlet" was played. Mr. Dampier, of course, depicted the melancholy Dane, and, although Mr. D. is neither young enough nor slim enough to look the part, he is credited with having given a masterly rendering. One of the critics says that from beginning to end he thoroughly identified himself with the complex character; the pretended madness, the unquenchable love and the desire to utter stern truths being admirably and unmistakably displayed. Mrs. and Miss Rose Dampier were also in the cast, whilst Ned Holloway (almost the only surviving repre • sentative of the good old ponderous style) played the ghost. George Buller made a distinct hit as the gravedigger. I THOUGHT that the acme of equine intelligence had been reachod in Mahomet, the talking hoise of Fitzgeralds' Circus, but it sew® more to follow." At the Nouveauf as I learn from a Home paper, therei performing horse, appropriately ch™ Night." His proprietors seem to Wj horses may be similarly trained bvftj for Good Nighl s feaU huvc Imn hhtJ horse first pushes a bed into the arena, arranges the bedclothes and tu a chair beside the bed to read the m™ lies down. Then he lights a erf stretches himself on the bed, fe candle and goes to sleep. PreseuM with a start, tosses off the hedclosw flea and kills it, returns to bed odItm again, this time by a burglar. Hosj horsey high ? * » * THEATRICAL folks take a great i and the profession numbers macvi mean cricketing skill within its'iL think—and some of them think iliejl thing and a little extra—that tb? the three top scorers, combined, ofii Eleven in the forthcoming match t- against the next best, let them loohJ Coupon in this issue of Pcncii. Thcnf for tipping the Terrible Three, anil successful—well, a ten-pound note picking up, even by an independent! Poverty Point. Read the coupon feji pick up the money MISS BESSIE THOMPSON, Brough Comedy Company, Princess' Theatre. j op»:i"K i oiiounoed, will be the , Opera Company at lillc part is said to ,iju>'s very best work. p:,.i in the background ',-,.-.-.i lor some length of IDbph.I |ia at fcrenii'ft- • fht-ui ti; "The Br. f to if'! ? jmoui) 1 f b'li be pin • pjucc of ;' jcarri'" :10,00c ir<ien J : iweutv ,v , setli'-':; Bibelongt-n ro adventure for three ,. last night, and on i;s the opening of the i: ; on,nicy of the Firm's i-hiiT.'' of which I had ;i:ccives its Australian •.(••st Christmas "La M !V bj' children at the A pretty idea, if eapthe lessee of London has disposed of the lease, together with ; English rights of " ])er iYistanand Isolde," "Die • i , " "Faust," " Manon " 10 a company, the Karl Derby, Lord Farqu- Hihvard Lawson and rnu retains his old post of n-i-cr. The capital of the •. increased. bcert w the Victorian Railways tcieiy, a*i! ? iiv the Victorian Operatic i arrant i. iiold in Ballarat is fixed 8th M'-' E. H. Hanstein is the Lnd ]u '> no.- a • services of the 'ciid'nin.iii. Minnie Waugh, Ida Osborne, idlav : X!ip"!'OD 13offard, James Wade, rker. Hora<-i> Kievcns. J. Goudy, Albert ml W. T. Barker, who will be choniH 0 70 voices. The affair will irgclv of lii'-' :Uure of a pleasure jaunt, nolu'of the j' funners go up to Ballarat I train mi Saturday, returning on iiim: by aivither special. itominu', ".lark and the Beanstalk," jiBecii at. tin. 1 Alexandra at Xmas, is doing Apparently a successful season at the Kova!. The Misses Lambert, Ray Jones piill iii f.lie cast, and D. H. Caston In tlie part "f the boozy king, jexawlra Theatre will be opened for i a ne» Mi.iiiiatic company, when a tiiulodi-ainanc work will be brought DAMi'ii:i: produced " Hamlet " at Side iJijoi: last .Saturday. Miss Lily 1 tin 1 same oi- i-asion made her reappearitstralia afi'T a successful tour of the cviiii'es. I:I:V, a NEW English comedian, AusluMat the Syiiuey Tivoli last Saturday, J J JQOIJT-KS. elephant of Fitzgeralds'Circus, won 3 of the Melbourne juveniles, like ; the Loinlou Zoo. When Jumbo died, bt two shows out of him, displaying the :-Boston and the stuffed hide at Phila- Ster which they were reversed and made 6\. Lizzie re.-emljles Titania, the elephant iiid Itoik'v's circus, in Melbourne,and the |cle|jhanif are never half so intelligent as Titania died at Auckland, from [keeper's monkey jacket, with a box of ^matches in it. The show was on the ipaiture for South America, by the ship I, which lowed Titania far out into the [left her I here. Some fishermen reported tSca Sarpiut. DANTE, the illusionist, who msde such a success at the Palace, in Sydney, before Christmas, is bank in that city. He opens a season here shortly. A CERTAIN young lady took home recently a large stick of flesh-coloured grease paint, which she left lying on a table. Her mother, who knows nothing about such a complexion maker and its appearance, saw it and commenced to eat it under the impression it was a sweetmeat! She was observed and rescued in time, but nearly in-greased the death-rate through her paintful escapade. HERE'S something funny ! An old playbill which has recently^come to light in Dublin has been causing mudi-meprimea t. It settles the " Hamlet" authorship. clispufe " Kilkenny Theatre Royal. By His Majesty's Company of Comedians.—On Saturday; 14th "May, 1703, will be performed, by command , of seVefal respectable people in this learned metfqpolistoj(-sic),for the benefit ot Mr. Kearns, ' The Tragedy of 'Hamlet,' originally written an'd composed' by -the celebrated Dan Hayes, of LimerjcK^ and insarted (sic) in Shakespere's Works. . / Miss LILY TiTiiERADGEiJoncluded her engagement with "T^ie Geiska " company and made her farewell appearance in Australia at Sydney Her Majesty's on Saturday night. On the final curtain Miss Lily vras presented, on behalf of the Opera Company, with a very handsome dressing-case in green leather and ivory and silver, which was inscribed : " Wishing good luck to Tommy, with best wishes from his ' (jleisha ' co"/rces; Sydney, 1899." Miss Titheradge is a pretty and clever young artiste, and should have a future before her as an i?i(/enue ; her stj'le and size fit her for that role, exponents of which are always looked for eagerly in London. TUE MacMahon Dramatics produced " East Lynne " at the Sydney Lyceum on Saturday night. On the conclusion of the Sydney season the company do an exteuded tour of the provinces, opening at Newcastle on Easier Saturday. Miss FI.OKKIE WEST made her last appearance and a little speech at the Bijou Theatre last Friday night. This is the piece she spoke : " Ladies and Gentlemen, I have to say farewell. I thank you nil for the kind way you have received me here ; I'm going to America, and all I can say is that I hope they will receive me as well there as I've teen received in all the colonies. I wish you all a sad good-bye." GENTLE whispers are floating about to the effect that it is more than illness that has interfered with Sir Henry Irving's plans and tenancy of the Lyceum —financial troubles have a lot to do with his altered arrangements, 'tis murmured. It is a wellknown fact that Irving never makes monev during his London season ; the lucre is dragged in in the provinces and America. If he clears expenses at the Lyceum he is well satisfied. The fate of the historic theatre is in abeyance. Several proposed tenants are mentioned, and in the list appear the names of Charles Frohmann, George Edwardes and Wilson Barrett (who has just cleared off his £40,000 debt, and has started a banking account for himself again), who would all like to secure the theatre. Another scheme talked of is to float Sir Henry's late headquarters into a limited liability coirmany, with himself and Miss Terry at the head. THE Lynch Family are now visiting Tamworth, where they have extensive interests in the local gas company. THE following description of Madame Patti's (Baroness Cederstrom) wedding dress may interest lady readers :—" The wedding dress was of* the palest dove coloured satin de Lyons. The skirt, which is made rather long, is most beautifully embroidered in fine steel embroidery, beginning at waist and continuing all round. T he bodice is of pale grey, the same as the skirt. It is most beautifully embroidered, and looks as if it were worn over a chemisette made of fine lace, which fills up the front in a most becoming frou-'frou. The embroidery, which matches the skirt, is quite exquisite in its fineness and daintiness. The waistbelt is of mauve stain ribbon fastened with a bow on the left side, and on the right side of the corsage is a lovely spray of mauve orchids. The lining of the dress is of miuve silk, with frou frous of silk and chiffon round the inside edge of the skirt. Up the inside of the train to the depth of half a yard there is a succession of irills of mauve accordeonpleated chiffon. The cape 1.0 be worn matches the dress, and has the storm ceilar covered with finest steel embroidery in a design of true lovers' knots." At her wedding Patti is described as looking very young and bright, and behaving not at all as if she were twenty-seven years older than her latest bridegroom : She is fifty-seven and he is thirty. Miss JANET ACIIURCH, who was starring out here with the cultured Charrington in 1891, fills in the time when she is "resting" by writing short Btories for several English magazines —not of the first water. A wearisome repetition of the feminine word '' pretty " is her besetting sin as an authoress, but when it comes to describing dresses the actress' art is all there. Miss ALYCE LEITCH is back in Melbourne aftsr a pleasant stay in Sydney, whither she returns shortly. Miss Leitch has left the Firm and is thinking of getting married and settling down. THE Lynch Family attracted at West Maitland on Wednesday last the largest audience ever congregated within the walls of the Town Hall. Two ladies, one elderly aud one young, and an attendant- swain sat in the Bijou circle last Salurday night, and amused surrounding folk by their chatter about the artists, most of which chatter was carried back to its objects bv a serio who, having concluded her engagement on Friday night' as a little treat was in front, witnessing her fellowmummers' efforts. Of Miss Peggy Pryde the trio spoke a lot. " Doesn't she talk ! Her chin must fairly ache ! What a wealth of language !" Miss Cora Caselh came on. The man looked interested " Doesn't she look nice ?" he queried of the youn R lady. "Do you really think so?" she replied, very expressionfully, with her eyebrows lifted. Then Miss Cora retired to change, and owing to an accident to a shoe fastening wai lather delayed. " She-takes a long time to dress, doesn't she ?" said the young lady. "Yes," said the exler one, folding her hands primly, "she takes a'w.-y long time to get into the little she has on !" And then the band overtured the changist's second song. TO.M HUDSON wrote by the last mail to say that his Calcutta season closed 011 the 4th March (the 100th consecutive night), and that the. company, after doing a week in Colombo, leave by t-ho A ustralia for Adelaide, where they open a season at the Bijou on Easter Monday night. The final production in Calcutta was a well-played performance of " Chinatown,"v; ifh Harry Shine as WelVand Strong, aud Mr. Hudson, Miss Edith Moore, Miss Elliott and Miss Lillian Linton !n the cast. C. SAMPSON, the strong man, left for Europe by the Barbarossa. MISS OLIVE SISLEY, Who is going to Sydney with the Brough Company. Talma photo. 