I ( A Bull v- Lion Fight. ' THBygoo^' 'people of Roubaix, in the north of prance, celebrated National Fete day recently in a peculiarly ? atro cious manner. The programme of amuse ments included a round of bull-fighting, and a grand wind up in the shape of an encounter between a huge lion, Goliath, and a Spanish bull, the contestants being tMlf. f-\nafUnn tn n Innnn nnnft TUn'MA.ntlf »« « WU.OC, xao igouiu was most disappointing to the spectators, for Goliath, born and reared in captivity, proved a cowardly brute. He ' roared splendidly,' but the shouts of the blood thirsty spectators and mad rush of the goaded bull cowed him completely. The first encounter waB decisive. The bull gored the . lion's flank terribly, and in the, madness of pain Goliath bit off the bull's ear. But that was his only attempt at reprisal, for next moment ho was rolling on the ground, bleeding pro fusely and groaning with agony. Mean while the .bull stood with, ready head waiting the lion's next iriove. When it canie it was a desperate attempt to get anywhere out of the range of the . toro's terrible , horns. To do so, Goliath ? tried to climb the bars of the cage, and as he rose the bull charged again, driving his horns , into the hapless lion's, mouth. The wounded, brute bit savagely on the horn and scored the' bull's thick neck '? with a blow of his paw, but it wos n l.ist effort, for as.'the bull drew, off for another charge Goliath rolled .over in. the last throes. In vain did Ihe Chulos try to irritate the poor beast into a final effort ; in vuin they. tried to make the bull charge .once again. , He .would not touch the inert tawny mass, and Leo gave up the ghost whilst 14,000 presumably civilised ? beings, cheered,,,. the, victor, . arid heaped maledictions on the vanquished. So far the authorities do not appear to have taken any action against the promoters of this inhuman show, and further lion v. bull fights are on the tapis. Bidel, the menagerie man, had offered to put one of his lions against two of Mazzan tini's best Spanish bulls. The toreador, on his side, says he will match one toro against two lions or. tigers for £1000. 