The Chapel of Ease By Harriet Riddle Davis. CHAPTER XIX.— (CoNnNUED). ' Tho dootor has gone, sic : he told me to say, when yoa oame in, that he sees nothing alarming in Mrs Oeoil's oondition; that, so far es he oan judge, she is nervously ex hausted, bnt he tbinka she will bo all right with rest and oare. After you went out, sir, sho reoovored oonsoiousness, and asked for you, and when told you were not here she became so exoited that the dootor was ob liged to give her something to quieten her. She has dropped off to aloap. If sho wakes again, yon may seo her ; but there most be ahsoluto quiet ; thero must be nothing to excite her.' John stepped softly past the nurse into the dimly lighted room. She followed him, and whispered, oautioningly. — 'You must not wake her on any account, sir.' ' ' , ' ' Jvhn shook his hoad in oilonao and quietly took up a position where he oonld see her faoe. It seemed to him that it was the ghost of Hester, the ghost of Ha love, that lay before him. Her faoe was white and exhausted; her yellow hair had been gathered off her faoo, evidently in hnrried fashion, and lay in a rope over the pillow. Her half-open hands lay nervously on tho counterpane, and there wore traoes of suffering in them and in every lino of the faoe. As ho noted them, thore swept over him a tooling of emotion that threatened to overmaster, him. He oould feel tho swift tide rise from his heart and spread straight to his lips, whioh quivered beneath it, and to his oyos whioh beoamo suddenly dim. He had to shut his hands to keep down the flood gates. Everything that had been wretoh'ed and horrible in the events of the day fell away from him completely. He wondered how anything on earth nnnld ovor have mattorod to him when balanced against Hester's life oHd love : it all seemed so little, and pitiful, and mean. He was so lost in oontomplation of her faoe and in the thoughts and emotions that oame crowding to his brain that ; ho did not know how long ho hod been stonaing, nor roalizo how worn oat and overwrought he was, until tho nurse quietly brought him a obair, and, placing it by the beda'de, motioned him to sit down. He gratefully aocepted it, and leaned his tired head against thojside of the bed, and his long vigil bogan. Onoe, later, the norso come again to him, and said, — You look very tired, sir; yon had better go to bed. I will call you if she wakoo.' But John shook his head. Ho would not sleep until Hoster should open her eyoa again and look at him. Ho oonld not forgot the last terrible expression ho ha'ds'e'e'a iu them when she hod turned her faoe: to him after thoser.vioe was over in the ohnroh: A little after midnight Hester became very restless, and began to mutter broken, dis jointed -words. Finally Bho opened her oyes and looked eagerly round the room, and oalled John's name in a frightened voice. He- instantly bent over her. She was Be startled when she saw his eyes looking into hers thjit John's heart stood still. Be thought that sho did not know him; but almost immediately the startled look died out of her faoo, tears gathered slowly in her eyes, she tried to speak, her lipa quivered, and finally she turned her faoe from him: ' What is it, Hester ?' he said, anxiously,; though softly. Sho made an effort to keep baok the tears,- and said, slowly and brokenly, ' Why wouldn't you heat my explanation ? Why did you give me up?' It was evident that' she had eithor for gotten or had not sensed the marriage, eervioa. Her mind had not gone beyond the soene with John in the vestibule of the ohnroh ; - everything else had been blotted out. John lifted np her nerveless hands in his, preSBod his lipa to them, and said, I did not give you up ; wo were married; Heater; you are my wife ; that is why I am heio beside you.' She turned, her faoe eagerly towards him ; a life oame to her' eyes. She was about to speak again, hut the nnrse oame to the bed and made a .warning gestnre, whioh John understood. He bent his head :olose to Heater's, and, kissing her softly, said, in a .hashed voioe,— \- ' Don't try to talk any mors now, Hester ;. I shall -watoh beside yon all through the iiilght ; < I shall not leave yon for a moment, 1 and Ti am strong and happy in my love for you.' , .. .. The look of relief 'whioh spread over her . faoe was instantaneous. Bhe asked no farther questions-; , she did not want to talk ; John was beside her,' he had said that he wonld not leave tier. She dimly understood that "he knew everything, and she oonld rest at last. With a sigh of infinite oontent, she smiled into Mb oyes, then her own olosed heavily .and she' sank into' a deep sleep. Her slender, nervous fingers olong to his hand .and never relaxed their hold all through the silent peaoofdl night. And John kept his vigil at her side. When the mail-hag was opened a few days later at Chapel House, thero were two letters in John's' handwriting. Ono was for Aunt Jenifer, and one was for Carey Annt Jenifer wiped her Bpeotooles, adjusted them carefully,- and prooeeded to open hers, wondering what John oould find to write to her about. Carey oarried hers ovor to the window in order to spell ont John's queor handwriting, but her attention was im mediately attracted by a big bluebottle fly whioh had somehow managed to defy the oold weather and was bnzzing and humming around with ail the oheerfulness and con fidence appropriate to a day in Jane. Carey oould not attend to her letter, even tnoagh it was from John, till she had deBpatohed this exoiting fly. She determined to out him in two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, and sho was jnst beginning a lively ohase up and down the window panes, when she was as tonished to see Aunt Jenifer rise suddenly from her ohaiir, npset'her work-basket, and call ont in a sharp voioe to the ontiie house hold, although no one was present but Carey,— ' Carey ! Beoky ! Jasper 1 all of you ! They've gone and got married in town !' ' Who's gone and got married in town?' asked Carey, makmg dabs at the fly with the shears. ' Why, John Oeoil's gone and married Hester, to ba sure. Well 1 well I I nover heard the like oi iti' ' John and Hester got married ?' eohoed Carey, dropping the Bhears and suddenly sitting down on the settle with a thump. 1 don't b'lieve'it,' she exolaimed. ' Yos, hern It is : John says, ' Deor Aunt Jenifer, ( Dear Aunt,' indeed 1' she sniffed, though it was , plear from tho puoker around .Jhior lips that , 'John's udoption of her as a relativei was highly pleasing to hbr,j ' I may as well tell you without any flourish that Hoster and I wero married on' Wednesday at St Panl's Ohnroh, and, barring the fact that Hester has had an atcaok similar to the one when Bhe fainted last winter, and that I have been awfully worried and upBet about her, we are the two happiest people I know of. We don't know when' we shall return. I hope you will paoify Carey before we oome ; I shall probably have to give her half of my. possessions in order to appease her. Hester sends her love, and will write very soon. ' Yours affeotionately, ' Joint Woethinqton Oeoiii. \- It's tho meanest, sneakin'OBt, most, low- down thing I ever heard of, to go off and get married all by themselves and leave ue all ont, and. then stay iu town and havo a good time ; 'twould been a heap more-fun for 'cm to vo had mo and Jasper and the dog along. I just tell yon, Aunt Jenifer, I'm goln real mad about it ; I ain't goln' to speak to 'em or notioe 'em when thoy do get baok, and I guess they'll wish they behaved better,' angrily exolaimed Carey.. Then she was silent while she tried to adjust her mind to the new order of things. At last she broke out again : - .' I'll jnst make John fork over lots of. things ; I'll make him gimme the new beagle puppies, and his doable-bladed jaok-kuifo, and his best pair of dividers, -and I guess I might as woll speak for the yearling oolt while I'm 'boat it,' she wound up, jumping up irom the settle and already full of the Idea of her new possessions, whioh, under the oiroumetanoBB, Bhe know she could wheedle out of John. 'Well, I know what Caroline Jenifer's .goin to do,' said Aunt Jenifer, arranging the contents of her work-basket, taking off her apron, and pioking the threads off her gown. There was determination in her tone and a flush on her smooth, pink faoe. ' I'm goin' to maroh myself to Dorset, and I'm going to tell every man, woman and child iu that village that John and Hester ace mar ried, and I'll wager that before night it will be known all over Dorset parish and the whole oountry to boot ; and if some of those people yonder don't feel about the size of a pea when I'm done with 'em; then my namo ain't Caroline Jenifer. And Aunt Jenifer, with skirts tncked up, and her sturdy feet onoasodin goloshes, was soon splashing her way oyer the muddy road to spread tho news of John and Hoater's marriage. Her trinmph was complete. The villagers stared in one another's faoes. There was no troth in the dreadf nl stories, and there never had been ; Oolonol Brent was dead, and Hester had been a widow after all. and John Oeoil had known all tho time what ho was about. Everybody agreed that it was the most suitable mstoh that hod boon made in tho county for years ; and tho whole parish was in an idyllio state of delight over tho marriage of John and Hostor, and thoir anticipated return to Capol House, destined to be to them, in a now Bense, truly a Chapel of ease. (Tee End.) On every engine on the London, Brighton, and South Coast Line there is printed be tween tho look- out windows the name of tho driver, nnder whioh there is the date when tho engine was built. It it is an old engine there is at the side of the date a number of miles, whioh iB ueually about half a million, and then another date is printed. . The second date is when ths engino was over hauled and repaired, and tho number repre sents the distanoe in miles tho engine has travelled from the time it was built to the timo when it had to no repaired. This system has many advantages. In tho first" place, every mau keeps to his own engino. Ho knows all its good points, knows exaotly its capabilities and limitations. Thon, again, having his name printed on his engine makes overy driver take a prido in ft, and it is a proud day for him when he makes a record ran... 