Eight Pages.—Our issue of this morning consists of eight pages. No Publication.—The Bendigo Indepen- dent will be published on Christmas morn- ing (Monday). There will, however, be no issue on Boxing Day. The office will be closed on Christmas Day, and until 6 p.m. on Boxing Day. Religious Services.—Christmas sermons will be preached in the various churches to- morrow, as advertised. Forfeited Shares.—Forfeited shares for non-payment of calls in the New Chum and Victoria Company will be sold by auction to- day. To-day’s Events.—Special meeting Miners’ Association, 7 p.m. ; Enginedrivers’ Also- ciation, 8 p.m. Fifth Battalion.—Members of the batta- lion are notified that the half-yearly pay will be issued this evening at 8 o’clock, at the orderlyroom. Progress of the War.—Both sides are still standing strictly on the defensive. Lord Methuen is waiting for more cavalry and artillery. When they arrive another at- tempt will made to break through the Magersfontein entrenchments and other en- tanglements. General Warren’s division, 11,013 strong, which is arriving at Capetown should be at Modder River in about a fort- night. It is said that Lord Methuen esti- mates that there are 50,000 Boers between Magersfontein and Kimberley. This is either a modern miracle, or a press corres- pondent’s mistake, there not being enough adult Boers along with unfriendly foreigners in the whole of South Africa to supply such an army, in addition to other large Boer armies in Natal and in the Orange River dis- tricts. There is no news of importance from Natal. The Boers continue to treat flags of truce with contempt. They cap- tured several British officers when collect- ing the wounded on the Tugela, and an- other officer when carrying a message to General Cronje’s camp. The Boers have received 15,000 rifles through Delagoa Bay. The Portuguese Go- vernment replies that it is futile for Great Britain to protest, seeing that big guns and other munitions of war have been supplied to the Boers through Natal and Cape Colony. When duty calls General Kitchener he loses little time in responding. Duty found him at Omdurman when he was wanted for other duty in South Africa. He boarded a train, and over the track that was hastily laid down to facilitate his Soudan war ope- rations, had it rushed along till he junction- toned with the nearest Egyptian railway. Then he rushed through Cairo and on to the port of Alexandria, the journey from the interior occupying 61 hours, and in- cluding one derailment of the over-driven train. However the general was not hurt. Stepping on board H.M.S. Isis, he was soon steaming along the Mediterranean to- wards the Atlantic. The programme then is to meet the Cape mail steamer at the Canaries and go on to Capetown in com- pany with General Roberts and Major- General Kirby, who are also pas- sengers. City Council.—The usual meeting of the committee of the City Council was not held yesterday. Bendigo Cooling Down.—In Melbourne, yesterday, at 3 o’clock, as recorded by the Government astronomer, it was 103 degrees. In Bendigo the maximum is reported at 100 degrees. It is remarkable how, in the last year on two, Bendigo has cooled down several degrees below the metropolis. Probably it is due to our giving our thermometers a better shade than we used to. A few of the old identities may remember when the School of Mines committee gave their then director (the late redoubtable Mr. Robert Brough Smith), a sever reprimand for al- lowing the school’s thermometer to register a degree or two higher in the shade than the register reported by the Melbourne Observa- tory. It was a Sunday’s registration. The school committee evidently did not believe in their thermometer being permitted to put up a Sabbath-breaking record. From that time the Bendigo summer weather has been gradually getting cooler compared with other parts of the colony. We are now five or six degrees cooler when the thermome- ter reaches the hundreds, than we used to be 15 or 20 years ago. It is a curious mete- orological phenomenon of which we would like to have the scientific explanation. Christmas Post and Telegraph Arrange- ments.—Citizens should take note of the holiday arrangements of the Post and Tele- graph Department. To-day will be observ- ed as usual, except that no money-order business will be transacted. Monday (Christmas Day) will be a close holiday, on which no letters will be delivered nor mails made up, and Sunday arrangements will be observed in the Telegraph Offices. On Tuesday and in New Year’s Day all Post Offices will be closed at 10 a.m. The first delivery only by letter-carrier will be made but country mails will be received and de- spatched as usual. Telegraph Offices will be open from half-past 8 till 10 a.m., and from 6 till 7 p.m. The Weather.—Yesterday was a real De- cember day. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, Pall Mall, yesterday, were:— Thermometer—9 a.m., 74 deg. ; 6 p.m., 96 deg.; maximum, 100 deg. ; minimum, 58 deg. Barometer.—9 a.m., 29.37 inches ; 3 p.m, 28.95 inches ; 6 p.m., 28.88 inches. Death From Apoplexy.—A very old and well-known resident of Crusoe, Mr. James Andrew, died yesterday morning after a few hours illness from apoplexy. He had for upwards of thirty years resided at Crusoe and kept an hotel and store. About eight years ago he obtained compensation for his license, and took to cab driving on the Kangaroo Flat rank. On Wednesday he appeared to be in good health, and was on the rank as usual. On returning home in the evening, however, he felt unwell. Yes- terday morning Dr. James was called in, but during the afternoon he took a bad turn and expired. He was 70 years of age, and leaves a widow, but no family. Pigeon Homing.—The Eaglehawk Pigeon Homing Club held their race from Kurting on Wednesday, a distance of 32 miles. The results were:—A. English’s b c c The Comet, time 60min, velocity 938yds per minute, 1 ; W. E. Davies’ b c Waterloo, time 61min, velocity 923yds per minute, 2 ; T. Harry’s b c e Fleetwing, time 62min, velocity 908yds per minute, 3. The young birds’ race from Derby, distance 17 miles, resulted as fol- lowsL:—W. E. Davies’ b c Austral, time 30min, velocity 997yds per minute, 1 ; J. Power’s b c c Workman, time 32min, velo- city 935yds per minute, 2 ; A. English’s b c c Darby, time 34min, velocity 880yds per minute, 3. Six birds competed. Review of Reviews.— The Review for De- cember has a character sketch by W. T. Stead on “Cecil Rhodes, of Africa.” “English and Australian Landscapes” are treated by the Rev. W. H. Fitchett with his accus- tomed literary skill, and there are numerous other interesting articles and items. Death of Mr. Charles L. Christensen.— Regret was expressed on all sides yesterday when the announcement arrived, stating that Mr. Charles Lauritz Christensen had breathed his last at his home, “Taarbeck,” St. Kilda, on the previous evening, after a lingering illness. He had attained his 68th year, forty of which were spent on the goldfields, first in the Ballarat district and then in Bendigo. Until the last few years he was a well-known habitue of the Veran- dah, but failing health caused him to seek a change of air. He was very successful in Ballarat. Up to the time of his death he was a director in the Shenandoah, Princess Dagmar, North Johnson’s, South Devon- shire, and several other mines of the dis- trict. In consequence he visited Bendigo every few weeks in order to attend the meet- ing of the directories. He was at one time licensee of the Rifle Range Hotel, View street. His wife died many years ago. He only had one daughter, Mrs. Hensley, who with her husband and children, resides in one of the suburbs of Melbourne. At the noon meeting of the Stock Exchange Mr. A. S. Lane referred with regret to the de- cease of their late member. He was one of their oldest members, and a large speculator. Mr. R. Williamson feelingly regretted the loss the district had sustained, and moved that the Exchange adjourn, also that a letter of sympathy be sent to the relatives. Messrs. Ralph, Eskdale and G. Williams also ex- pressed their regret, and the motion was carried unanimously. Hospital Sunday.—The hon. secretary (Mr. J. H. Abbott), acknowledges with thanks receipt of the following: —Presby- terian Church, Marong, £2; St. Andrew’s Presbyterian Church, £34 9s 9d ; Church of England, Elysian Flat, £1 10s 6d ; Church of England, Yallook, 13s 9d; Ger- man Lutheran Church, £12 5s 6d ; Wesleyan Church, Forest street, £14 14s 6d ; Wesle- yan Sunday school, Forest street, £2 16s 9d ; Wesleyan Church, Golden Square, £7 3s 7d ; Wesleyan Sunday school, Golden Square, £1 16s 5d ; Wesleyan Church, Cali- fornia Hill, £3 3s 4½d ; Wesleyan Church, Long Gully, £4 6s 0½d ; Wesleyan Church, Kangaroo Flats, £1 16s 6d ; Wesleyan Church, White Hills, £1 8s ; Wesleyan Church, Arnold street, £1 1s 9d ; Wesleyan Church, Strathfieldsaye, 10s 9d ; Wesleyan Church, Axe Creek, 2s 6d ; Wesleyan Church, Epsom, 18s 9d ; Wesleyan Church, Bagshot, 14s 3d ; Wesleyan Church, Lei- chardt East, 2s 6d ; Wesleyan Church, Narring, 15s 10d ; Wesleyan Church, Lock- wood, 10s 6d ; Wesleyan Church, Specimen Hill, £1 10s ; Wesleyan Sunday school, Specimen Hill, 12s 9½d ; Wesleyan Church, Golden Fleece, 3s 1½d ; Wesleyan Sunday school, Golden Fleece, 5s 7d ; Wesleyan Church, Quarry Hill, 18s 3d ; Wesleyan Sunday school, Quarry Hill, 7s 2d ; Wesle- yan Chinese Camp Church, £2 11s 6d. Saturday.—A. M. Pool’s employes, £1 17s. The annual meeting will be held on Thurs- day next, and it is earnestly requested that all outstanding amounts may be sent in this day so as to appear in the audited balance sheet for the year 1899. Late Train.—The express from Melbourne last evening arrived half an hour late owing to the heavy traffic. Bendigo Hospital Fete.—The amount rea- lished by subscriptions and gate money at the late fete at the hospital will accomplish the object for which it was held. An audited balance sheet will be published in a few days. Scholastic Changes.—An important change is intimated in connection with some of our leading educational institutions. Messrs. Freeman and De Ravin, the principals of St. Andrew’s College, have entered into partnership with Mr. Oliphant, of the Cor- porate High school, and it is now intended to amalgamate these two establishments, and carry them on together, the one as a kinder- garten and preparatory school, and the other as an upper school. The staff is a large one and will form for teaching purposes the strongest combination that has ever been got together in Bendigo. Besides the princi- pals, Messrs. Freeman, Oliphant and De Ravin, it includes Mrs. Oliphant, Miss Eva Fogarty and Miss Roberts. All these are thoroughly trained and experienced teachers, and the work has been so laid out that every pupil will receive careful attention from the principals themselves. The prospectus will be ready in a few days, and may be had from the leading booksellers or from the prin- cipals. A Burning Telegraph Pole.— By some means—probably a spark from a tram—the telegraph pole at the corner of Mt. Korong road and Don street began burning yester- day shortly after 1 o’clock. The curious feature of it was that the fire was about 12ft from the ground. The Bendigo Brigade were brought out, and after having appar- ently extinguished the fire returned to the fire station. They were again called out at 5.15, the same pole being again on fire. A spark from it lit some dry grass in Mr. W. Swalling’s yard, but no damage of any con- sequence was done. New Year’s Day Sports.—The splendid entries received by the Bendigo Athletic Club indicate that the meeting on New Year’s Day will be on of the best held by them for a number of years. With such riders as Lewis, Jackson, Forbes, Hunt, Cor- bett, Walne, Morgan and others competing, some splendid racing should result. The club was also very successful in securing en- tries from such noted axemen as Nugent, Hayes, Carthy and Young, who have been successful competitors all over the colony. The entries for the hurdle race and high jump are also most satisfactory. The Children’s Ward.—Dr. Penfold, the hon. treasurer, has, in addition to £20 from the Ministering Children’s League, received £10 from the Sunday schools’ demonstration, two parcels of toys from the Golden Square Junior Endeavor, and parcel of toys from Mrs. Anderson of Creek street. A Tremendous “Slump.”—An interesting comparison has been made relative to the fall in Westralian mining shares. From 16th November the value of stock of 13 Kalgoorlie mines decreased £6,528,071. This is owing to the war slumping the Lon- don market to “bear” transaction, and to unsuccessful experiments with sulphide ores. City Poor Box.—Sergeant Kilfeder ac- knowledges with thanks receipt of the fol- lowing additional donations to the city poor box:—Messrs. Quick, Hyatt and Rymer, £2 2s ; Lazarus Bros., £2 2s ; L. Roder, £1 ; Stock Exchange, £2 ; Hunter Bros., £1 1s ; J. R. Richardson, 4s ; Mrs. Magnus Cohn, £1 1s, and Mrs. G. D. Guthrie, £1. A Boy Tomahawking Street Trees.—A very glaring case of the wanton destruction of street trees came under the notice of the City Police Court magistrates yes- tardy, when a lad, 13 years of age, was proved to have cut about with a tomahawk no less than 16 trees in Barnard street. The bench rightly con- sidered the matter serious and imposed a fine of 10s, with 4s costs. They would have made the fine heavy had it not been for the poor circumstances of the parents. It is to be hoped that the lad will be made to suffer the pains and penalties usually inflicted in the home for gross misbehavior. The City Council is determined to protect the trees, which are the chief ornament of the city, and represent a very large expenditure. They will prosecute with the utmost rigor any fur- ther offender in this direction. Seasonable Recognition.—Mr. J. Walker, secretary of the Bendigo Fire Brigade, yes- terday received a letter from the secretary of the board, Mr J. N. Stevens, stating that in view of the extra work entailed on him by the amalgamation, it had been decided to grant him a Christmas box of £10. This is a very suitable way of recognising the ser- vices of a tactful and hard- working secre- tary. Breaking Fire Alarms.—It will be re- membered that the Bendigo Brigade, with a view to lessening the breaking of the fire alarms, offered a reward of £2 2s for infor- mation that would lead to the conviction of anyone wrongfully giving the alarm. The Fire Board has now decided to supplement the brigade’s reward by £3 3s, thus bringing it up to £5 5s. The Citizens’ Concerts.—Citizens will be glad to hear that the series of band recitals given in Rosalind Park during summer months will be commenced next Wednes- day. The recitals are not usually com- menced until January, and this has the effect of extending the last of the concerts into the chilly and rainy part of the year. The open- ing concert will also be enjoyed by visitors who will be in the city during Xmas week. Northcott’s Band will occupy the rotunda next Wednesday, and will render an excep- tonally good programme, among the items being selections from “Il Trovatore” and a fantasia on national airs. Death in the Asylum.—Isaac Henry, aged 82, died in the above institution yesterday from senile decay. He was a native of London, and was admitted to the asylum on October 27, 1898. Masonic Hall.—The Bendigo Orchestral Society’s programme for Xmas Night is ad- versed to-day. The society has secured an exceptional combination of artists. Miss Vida Rogers, who has been studying at the Conservatorium under Madame Weidermann, is to render special numbers selected by her. Her re-appearance will be greatly appreci- ated. Miss Jose. Scott, who secured the only first prize for Bendigo at the recent Ballarat competitions, will be heard in that most difficult violin solo, “Souvenir de Haydn,” Miss Bolton will sing “Hear Ye Israel,” and Miss C. Rogers, the contralto, solos, “O Divine Redeemer” and “Abide with Me’ ; Mr. R. Rule, “God Breaketh the Battle,” and Mr. H. Bickerton, “It is Enough.” Misses V. and J. Boyd, with Messrs. Rule and Bickerton, will render the famous quartettes, “God is a Spirit” and “Shepherd of Souls.” Sparrow-nesting.—On Thursday evening an accident happened to a lad named Tre- hair, 9 years of age, who lives with his parents at Casley street, Long Gully. He was sparrow-nesting and had climbed a tree to a height of about 30ft, when he slipped and fell to the ground. He fell on his head, and when Dr. Atkinson saw him he was suf- fering from concussion of the brain, and yes- terday was still semi-conscious. Mr. Sydney Ewing, R.D.S., has started prac- tice as a dentist at Golden Square and Eagle- hawk. Mr. Ewing possesses some very high testimonials and qualifications. He was for many years dentist to the Women’s and St. Vincent’s Hospitals in Melbourne. For the midnight excursion to Melbourne in- tending excursionists are requested to secure their tickets early for Castlemaine, Kyneton and Melbourne by the special train to- night. All boot stores will close on Wednesday, 27th, as well as Monday, 25th, and Tuesday, 26th, as advertised. Ladies and gentlemen wishing to obtain hand- some or inexpensive but natty presents will do well to inspect the very extensive stock of every description of jewellery, watches, ep. ware and latest importation of pendant novelties now offered by Mr. J. B. Edwards, the jeweller, of 3 Pall Mall. This is his 18th Christmas show, and exceeds all previous ones. On Sunday special addresses will be given in the Forest street Wesleyan Church. The Rev. L. Powell will preach at 11 and the Rev. T. Adamson at 7. During the evening service several selections from the Messiah will be rendered by the choir, including “He Shall Feed His Flock,” “Come Unto Me,” “Comfort Ye,” and the “Hallelujah Chorus.” Professor King will preside at the organ. Messrs. T. Morrow and Co. announce having made arrangements for an inspection of troop horses at Mr. M. Kelly’s yards on Wednesday next. They will be inspected by Colonel Price at 10 a.m. A concert will be given in the Forest street Wesleyan schoolroom on Christmas night. Dickens’ Christmas story, “Marley’s Ghost,” will be given with limelight views. At their yards to-day Messrs. L. Macpherson, Sternberg and Co. will hold a special horse sale, when 70 head of different sorts will be yarded. The Beehive Jewellery Co., Hargreaves street, are now making their usual Christmas show. The windows are replete with a large assortment of artistic designs in jewellery, watches, elecro- ware, and a host of nicknacks. The public in search of useful presents at a low figure, com- lined with good quality, would do well by patronising this firm. Messrs. Henderson and Goodisson are offering exceptional value in dolls, Christmas cards, purses, dressing cases, companions, card cases, etc. We direct attention to their advertisement this morning, in which they quote a few prices. 