LETTERS FROM THE LITTLE ONES. My Dear Flamingo,-I am a constant reader of the letters from children, and think them very interesting indeed. Some children have nasty tempers, and I want to tell them what to do with such a failing. Well, the first thing to do is to starve it. Give it nothing to feed on. When something tempts you to grow angry ,do not yield to the temptation. It may for a minute or two be diflicult to control yourself, but try it. Force yourself to do nothing, to say nothing, and the rising temper will be obliged to go down because it has nothing to keep it up. The person who can and does control tongue, hands, heart, in the face of great provocation is a hero.-Yours very sincerely, John Miller. Hobart, April 29. (I hope my readers will take the foregoing advice to heart.-Flamingo.) Dear Flamingo,-I know you like to receive good poetry, so mamma told me to send you the piece I enclose. It -is not my own composition, but I think it is just splendid.--Your young friend, Nellie Wallace. Zeehan, April 27. THE TOWN OF BABYVILLE; It's the dearest town, the fairest town, the prettiest town to me, Of all the towns in all the lands, this side or 'cross the sea; It's sunshine there; and. moonshine there, and starshine all the time, And it's never cold, and none get old, in its lovely summer clime; There's never a 'ghost or a goblin there, and sin was never known, And no one ever felt a pang, or heard a neighbour groan, and the birds sing always, night and day in fact, they're never still, In this airy, fairy,; darling place, the Town of Babyville. The shops are full of .sweetmeats, and they're sold for just a song, The hobby-horses in the .streets are. free the whole day long; The band plays every afternoon, there's fireworks every night, And all the babies toddle out to see the glorious sight. You kiss them as you meet them, and they kiss you when you go, And clap their hands, and laugh with glee, to see you at their show; The doctor died last summer, and is resting o'er the hill, For none get sick, they haven't time, in the Town of Babyville. (Thank you for having sent me such a pretty poem.-Flamingo.) Dear Mr. Flamingo,-I am a fairly old boy, but I relish the children's column of the "Examiner" very much, and fain would say a word or two in it. I would advise parents to encourage the boys in the use of carpenter's tools. Of course boys will sometimes break them, but if carefully taught their use, and if acts of carelessness are followed by a season of deprivation, they soon learn that it pays to be thoughtful. Encourage them in making their own kites, and in building their coops for their own broods. These will be crude and rough, but praise the work, and the next time they attempt it offer a few suggestions, that every effort may ex ceed all previous ones.- One who has some knowledge of carpenters' tools is more fitted to direct workmen, and give plans when he wishes repairs made. -Then how often a mere .no-vice whose hands are accustomed to use saw and chisel can, with a few directions, put up a hennery, at a time when farrh work is slack! Then the convenience of being able to fashion a door or ladder, to mend a broken gate, and do it all in a workmanlike manner! There are a thousand and one little things about the house which would save much weariness and many steps-little things for which one hardly likes to call the carpenter, and that the father or one of the boys might do. Then there is real pleasure in accepting a token of love fashioned by the hands that give it. I have in mind now a pretty centre table and a book case, made by a young farmer during the stormy days of a cold winter. It was not the money value alone that gave them worth, for "my husband made these" was often said by the recipient of these favours. Provide a warm workshop, as nice as can be afforded, but at least with a stove, a chimney, and a whole roof, and give the boys permission to saw and plane as they like. It is not necessary to allow them free use of the choicest tools, neither is it wise to restrict them entirely to old and broken ones.-Yours truly, A Constant Reader. (My correspondent tenders excellent advice. I am a firm believer in having boys and girls trained in such a way as to make them useful about their homes and a pleasure to.their parents. -Flamingo.) . ;. 