Music and Drama. M. Jean do Reszke, who left New York for Europo on April 22, is said to have mddo the very comfortable snm yf £12;0Q0 during his recent' season in America. - Mr. Bland Holt is .still at tho Theatre Royal, Melbourne. -His last production, 44 Wow Londou Lives," is a good spectacular drama, and is drawing good houses. At lost accounts Mr. John F. Sheridan and Miss Grade Whiteford were ! presenting When tho Lamps aro. Lighted" ut tho Grand Opera House," Derby; to good houses. . The Earl of Rosslyrv has been engaged by Mr. Charles . Frohman to appear ut the -Lyneura Theatro in "His Excellency the Governor," in the role of Captain Rivers. Violin makers report that aluminium, when used for Btritigcd instruments, , produces a .richer sound than wood, especially with tho higher, notes, and that experiments with the jnow material have been entirely. successful. Miss Patrice, who visited Australia with 'Royt's "/Trip to Chinatown " Company, is now a;brjght.atar in vaudeville. A recent sketch of hers in Brooktyn, entitled ; " Edna's Ghost," had a most favourable reception. Miss Maggie Moore and Mr. H. It. Roberts are still meeting with success in tho country districts of New Zealand. After the New Zealund tour, the company play short seasons in Melbourne and Sydney, after which the principals leave for America nnd Englund. Hcrr Sierfricd-- Wagner is. about to be married. The -official announcement is nindc by tho " Fremdoiiblatt " of the betrothal of this young musician, only sou of the composer, to Fmulein Sent a Brno, a youthful actress at tho Royal Theatre, Munich. Tim Empire Palace of Varieties nt Johun-. nesburg wants Dan Leno's service of songs — aud other things — for eight weoks, und « tho London uumagor bus offered him £2,000 if ho -will go. Mr. Leno docs not seem inclined to nibblo at even that tempting bait, though the raattor is not yet quite settled. Mr. Victor Bollaender, who recently mndo a iuupical version of the grimly picturesque litfclo masterpiece "Tho Cut and the Clierub," which wus such a revelation to Londoners of life in the Chinese quarter in an American town, is in London. His opera, " San Lin," wus very well received and criticised in Germany. It is reported that Mossrs. Williamson nnd Musgrovo have arranged with Mi\ Tom Pollard for tho Now Zealand production of "LaPoupcc." Tho scenery, wardrobe, und properties have been duplicated, and tho Pollard Opora Compauy— now a versatile organisation of GO strong — will present tho piece at Auckland for the first time about tho | beginning of June. Ou March 17 last Joachim, tho great violinist, celebrated what may bo termed his diamond jubilee, or tho sixtieth anniversary of his first appearance in Budapest as an in fant phenomenon. He mude his debut in Loudon iu 1844 at the age of IS. He lias been ouo of tho lions of the musical world iu England for a period of 55 years. The Mendelssohn scholarship, which is the taost valuable of English musical prizes, has been awarded this year to Percy Hilder Miles, a student of tho Koyal Academy of Music, who has already secured several distinctions for composition, iu which subject he lias studied with Mr. Davenport, who was ono of tho oxaraincrs of the Associated Board visiting Australia last year. Mr. Frohman has finally decided against iho production, in Loudon, during the present season, of tho version of Laveaan's "Cather ine " in which Miss Annie Russell has made such a success iu New York. After tho peculiar predominance of lior part in " Sup " lust summer, it was feared that the heroine iu the French play would offer too slight uti opportunity, und Mr. Frohman's change oc plans now confirm# this view. Miss Russell, however, in to appear at the Dolce of York's, nevertheless. . A play will bo produced socially for her, for a series of matinees, during the summer. The musical profession in London is up in arms against charity concerts and advertising duchesses. William Boosey, the well known concert manager and music publisher, is organising a crusade against charity per formances, which, -as ho says, titled persons orgauirfft for purposes of self- advertisement, with the gratuitous help of leading artists. This charity business is alio becoming out rageous in fydney. For instance, one well known conductor nnd his orchestra are said have foregone foes amounting to over four iiguves during the past six years owing to requests on behalf of charity. No singer who has not even yet reached tho threshold of her career litis attracted so much interest as tho young Victorian, Miss. Amy Castles (savs the Sydney Daily Tchjraph). With little more than her extraordinary natural gifts — for slio lias practically had no ".training " — sho lias aroused phenomenal enthusiasm. At her benefit concert, tho Mel bourne Town Hull was thronged with an audience, nil of whom cheerfully paid 5s. admission to hoar tho young singer. Her voice is described as a genuine dramatic soprano, full, rich, rouuel, and of velvety sweetness. So far, Miss Castles has won her way purely by reason of the engaging quality of hor voice ; with tho European training that she is about to enter upon she will, in all probability, becomo the " bright particular star " of the coming century. " Carnac Sahib," Mr. Hcury Arthur Jones's latest play, aims, n London critic says, at doing for India on the stage what Mr. Rudyurd Kipling lias dono for it iu fiction, and thut is, to make it interesting. Tlio play falls into a different category from any of Mr. Jones's recant undertakings. It is n drama of action — a military drama of wavliko excursions and alarums. In this respect, " Curnac Sahib " resembles iu its background the great American spy-drama, " Secret Sorvicc," which it is agreed owed inucli of its success to its military sotting. Tho story of Mr. Jones's new play is, in u word or two, the love of two brave men for a worthless woman. Tho character of " Hamlet " is generally regarded amongst dramatic artists, and widely accepted by tlio public, as a part which is most appropriately pourtroyed by a man. But it has always had a fascination for actresses as well ns actors (remarks tlio Sydney Daily Tehyraph). Generally speak ing, however, the most, notable representa tions of this subtlo creation of Shakespeare's genius huvo been given by men. Never theless, some women havo reached past the poiut of mediocrity in their efforts to play the coinplox prince. In England, Miss Siddons essayed it several times, and Charlotte Gush- man played it, according to all accounts, with grcut success. At present Miss Jeauette Steer is appearing in the part at Crystal Palace, London. In Australia, wo have had tlio character very effectively represented by Miss Louise Pomeroy aud Miss Louise Cmw-r ford. Tho latest triumph in tlio part seems to lmvo been achieved in Paris by Muduroc Sarah Bernhardt, who appears prepared to play anything. Tho news coming by cable is necessarily meagre, but tlio versatile actress is said to lmvo given a conception of the elumioter as a "frail und mj'stio Hamlet" which was hailed as it wonderful achievement. 