[?] [COMPLETE STORY.] An Ill-omened Room and a Terrible Night. . By ebbbps mm, ? Author of j ?' The Mystery of a Hansom Oab,' 'Tho Third Volume,' 'The Lone Inn,' 'For the Defonoo,' 'Tho Professor's Mummy,' :'???:'.'?':?.-'. ''..?' i'-. '. &c;, &o.; ?-i',::r-i--; ???:?-' '?? ? '? .. COPYRIGHT. V«T SHALL A« never for get tho terrible Js ' SSiBfc.. Christma.s «- j- gpOnt afc ^ **;''.' Hingshuw *° fKT Grange in ity Xjs— tho year tatg».— , '93. AS an nrmy ^j*«*^. doctor I \k have niet ' Jh w » *'?'' .' ykflS-» st r a n g o -f^^' n d v o ii - tutesinfar Hindu, und liavo seen sorno gruesome sights m the littln wars w-Iifoli arc constantly being waged on the frontiers of our empire ; but. it wiih reserved for nn old country house in Hunts to bo the sc.ene.nf Iho most noteworthy ppi- ode in my life. Thi- experience wns a painful ono.nndl liopeit may never berepentod; Imt indeed ro ghastly an event is not likely to nmirngain. If my story roads more like fiction tbiin truth, L can only quote the well worn saying, of tho latter being stranger than tho fotmer. Many a time in my wandering Ufo huvo I proved the truth of this proverb. The whole affair rosp ouiof the invitation which Frank Kingan sent me to spend Christ inns with himself nnd liis cousin Peroy ut tho family seat near Ohristuhurcn. At that time 1 was home on leave from India : and shortly -after my arrival I chanced to .meet with Peroy Ring.™ in Piccadilly. Ho was an Australian with whom I had been intimate some years ? boforo in Melbourne , a dapper little man, with Sleek fair hair and a transparent com plexion ; 'looking an- fragile as a Dresden chin i image, yet with plenty of pluck and spirit*. He suffered from heart disease, and ?was liable to faint on occasions ; yot he fought /against his mortal weakness with silent cour nsre ,\mift ivith certain precautions against over-excitement, he managed to enjoy life fairly well. Notwithstanding hid pronounced effetni 1 nacy, and somowhat tmckling subserviency to rank und high birth,- I liked the little mau very well for his many pood qualities. On the present occasion I was glad to see him, and expressed my pleasure. ?' Although I did not expect to seo you in .England,'! raid 'I, after tho' first greetings had passed. ?' I have been in London these nine months, jn- dear LhsccUVb,' lie said, in his usual ommiiigwny, 'partly by way of uoliange and 'partly to see my cousin Frank^who 'indeed Invited mo to come, over from Aus tralia.' '?Is that the rich cousin you were always EpcSking'about in Melbourne?' ?'-. / 'Ye». But Frank, is not rich. -.lam tho ?wealthy Ringan, but lie is the head of the family.- You -tee, doctor,' continued Peroy, taking my arm and pursuing tho subject in a conversational manner,*'1' my father, being a Younger son, emigrated to Melbourne in the gold-digging days, and made his fortune out there. His brother remained at homo on the estates, with very little money to keep up Hio dignity of the family . so my father ?Hii PUB VHPP bntuwnmilth Hnrt lucked the effnminucy of the other. Yet on tho wliolo I liked Percy tho ' best, us thnru was a tJy cast about Frank's counti'iiauee which I did^not relish, and ho ' patronised his colonial cousin in rathor an offensive manner. Tho latter looked up to his English kins man with all defcronco, and would, I am Huro, have willingiy given his gold to rogild , ?_ tho .somewhat tarnished (jsauteheoii of; tho ? Itingiins. ? Outwardly the two cousins were ' -md alike as to remind one of Tweedledum' and ' ' Tweedledee; but af tor duo consideration I ?-' aeoidfjd -tliot ;Feroy: was tho better-natured and more honourable of tho two. .For some reason Frank Ringan seemed \- desirous of cultivating niy acquaintance ; and . in one way and another I saw a good deal of him during his sta'jr in London'. Fhially, when I was ' departing cm a' visit 'to soroo ' ''relative* in Norfolk, lio invited me to spend Christmas at Bingshuw Grange — not, as It . afterwards '''appeared, without an ulterior motive., '.??' 'Xcan'tako no refusal, ' said ho, with a heartiness which sat ill on him. ' Peroy, as , ; nn old friend or yours, haH sot his heart on my 'having you down ; and— if L may say so —I have sot my heart on the snuie thing.' -?.-7~T, '?' Phj-.-yoV1, really must como, Lnsoollea,' ?;l 'eried' Poroy, eagerly. ^''/We. are' going to keep Christmas in tho real old English , fashion. Washington 'Irviug'a style,! you ;'..'?.'' know, holly, wassail-bowl, games, ? and mistletoe.' - , 'And perhaps a jfhoat or so,'.finishod Frank, laughing, y-' ~-th a sido glanoo at his littlo sousin. ' Ah! ' siiiil, V do your Grnngo is haunted.' 'I should think so, ' said Peroy, beforo his oousin could speak, ' and with a good old Quoon Anno gliost. Como down, doctor, and Frank shall put you in tho haunted chamber.'' '.' No !' cried Frank, with a sharpness which rather surprised me, ' I'll put no ono in the Blue Room ; tho consequeuccti might bo fatal. You tmile, Lascelles, but I assure i |on out ghpet hui boon proved to eiiet l'\ t '.That's a paradox ;; a ghost enn't. exiit. But the story of your ghost— ?', 'Is_ too Jong to 'tell now',' said Frank, laughing. .' Come down to tho Graiigo, and you'll hear it.' , . ~^. ''Very good,' I roplied, rathor attrncted by the ideu of a haunted houae, ''you can, count upon me for Olirislmas. Hut I wiiru you, Ringan,,thati' don't, behove in spirits. Ghosts.weut out with gas.' 'Then they must huve-cdme in again with electric light,' retorted Frank Kiugan, 'for Lady Joan undoubtedly hauuts the Grange. I don't mind ; as it adds distinction Ho the house.'' ?.' ' . ?'?'?? ' ' ?'? ' All .old 'families have a ghost,' said Poriiy, important^. ' It is ' very/natural when one has ancestors.' , ' There was no more said on the subject for tho time being, :but the upshot of this oon versation was that I presented myself at Hingrihanr Grange two ? or three days boforo Christinas. To speiik Mio truth, I c«me uiore on Percy's aecomit than my own, .'as I knew tho littlo mim suffered from heart disease, and a sudden shouk might provo fatal. If, in tho unhealthy atmosphere of an old honse, tho inmates got talking of ghosts nnd goblins, it might bo that tho consequences would he dangerous to so highly strung and delicato n man as Percy Ringun. For £his reason, jomed to a sneaking desire to fee the ghost, I found myself a guest at Ringalmw Grange. In one way I regret the visit; J'et m another I regard .it as prb videnrial that I was on the spot. \;Had I beeii absent the catastrophe 'might have been , greater, although it could scarcely have been more terrible. Ringshaw Grange was acquaint Eliza bethan house, all 'gables and . diamond case ments, and oriol windows^ . and ' quaint terraces, looking liko an/ illustration out of an old Christinas uuinbcr. . It was embowered \ in a largo park, tho trees of which enmeup' almost to the doors, and when I siiw it first in thov moonlight— for it was by 'a liito train' that. I came from London — it struck mo ? as the very place for a ghost. Here was a haunted house. -of.. tho right quality .if ever thero was one, and I only hoped when J crossed- the threshold that' thai local spectre would bo worthy of its'environ meht. . In snch an interesting house I did not -'? - ,- ??;??...: v }A- '??-?? ' - : - .i.;t/' ? i SssBrTi i i . .iii *?*??« i ... * II I HI ? ' li 'l 'i'i.'iII I ' I'' Ml''. ' I . „ ? „:..„ :.!i ? ! ?„ .1.. _?._-! ? niannor, and vast rcuoption apartmonts with poliahcd Jloors nnd painted ceilings. Also thero woro the customary number of family portraits frownin(j from tho walls; suits of hirnuhod armour; and auoiunt tapostrics ombroijerod with grim und ghastly legends of tho past. , Tho old house was oramined with treasures, I'aro enough to drivo an antiquarian crazy ; ami filled with tho flotsam and jetsam of many centuries, mellowed by time into one soft huo, which put them all in keeping with one another. I jhust say that Jwas oharmed with Ringshaw Grange, 'and no longer won dered ut tho pride taken by' Percy Ringan in his fumily and tlHr punt glorim, 'That's all very well,' mid Fronlr, to whom I remarked a1; inuoh ; ' Percy is rich, and had ho this place could keep it up in proper style ; but I am as poor as a rat, and unless I oan make a rich marriage or inherit u comforjtaplo legacy, house and furniture, park anB timber may 'all .c.i)wc to the hammer.' Ho lijokod jgloo;My as lie^oko ; u;/d, fosljn^ that I had touiihetl on a. somewhat delicute matter, I hastened to oh:ingo tho subject,' by upking to bo shown the famous J31uo Cliaiaber, whioh was said to bo haunted. This wan tho true Aleuou of my pilgrimage into Hants. 'It is along this passage,;' °aid Frank, loading tho way, 'and not'yory far from your own quarto*. Thero is nothing in its looks likely to hint at tho gbost — at all oven.ts by day — but it is haunted, for all that.' Thus BpealUng he led me into a largo, wain with a low coiling, and a broad casoment looking out on to the untrimmed park, where the woodland was moat sylvan. Tho walls wero hung with bluo cloth cmbroidTfld with grotesque figures in black braid or thread, I Enow not which. Thoro was a large old fashioned bed with tester iind figured cur tains und a quantity of cumborwino furniture of tho early Georgian epoch. Not Iiavinir been inhabited for muiiy years tho room hud a ilesolitto and bilont look — if one may »so such an expression — and to my mind looked gruesome enough to conjure up a battalion of ghosts, let alons yno. 'I don't agree with you !' said I, in reply to my host's romui'k. 'To my mind this if tho very inodol of a haunted chamber. Whni is tho legend ?' 'I'll tell it lo yon on Christmas Eve,'1 replied Ringan, as wo left thn room. ' It. i Mithiii- n hlood-umilling t)il-i.' ??«ii you beliuvo it?' said I, struck by th' solemn air of tho speaker. 'I havg htid cvidenoe to' miiko m* creduloiiH,' ho replied dryly, and closed lhf subjcot for tho time being. It was renewed on Christmas 'Eve when nil our-.cnmpiiuy .wore gathered i'mind a ling'' wood n'ro in the library. Outside, the snow lay thick on the grbund, and tho gaunt tree*. stood up black and leaniws out of the white ^expanse Tho Bky was of a frosty blun with dhnrp-twiukling stars, and n lmrd-lnokiiig moini. On tho snow tho . shadows of intoi laoing boughs wero traced bluokly as in Indian ink, and the cold was of Arctic sovority. . But seated in tho holly-dpokod upartment before a noble fire which roared bravely up tho wide chimney we cared nothing for the frozen world out of doors. Wo laughed ami talked, sang songs and reoalled advnntuie- lintii sonieiehere about ten o'olonlc w« fell iii'i. a ghostly vein quite in KeepinL' with ill-. goblin-hauntpd si-asun. It wa- Hie.. th- iPrank Binmiii was called upon to uhiWaur blootl with bis lowil lsgond. This liu ili-l without, iiiui'.li I'His-ing. . . ' In tJiH I'rtiitn of good (Jiievii Anne,' .«airV he,, with .1. u-iuviiy iieHitinu, '??h.- ? mic«j.'.;i.. . 'my iincesf-or H'usrii I'tin^in w'iii (.li.- i,.vn.-i of tliis house. Mn was a silnni niis.ii.tiiM.i.ii man, having been soured euriy in life l-y lit;-'. treaohery of a woiniin Histrustinu thewsx ho refused to marry for many years . and n. was' not until ho was fifty years of age thu' he was beguiled by the arts of a pretty girl into tho toils of matrimony. Tho lady wai Joan Challoner, the daughter of the Earl of Branscoui't : and she was esteemed one of tho beauties of Queen Anne's court. ' It was in London that Hugh met her, nnd thinking from her innocent and child like appearance that she would make him a true-hearted wife, he married her after a six months' courtship and| brought her with all honour ,to Ringshaw Grange. After his marriage he became more oheerful and less distrustful of Tiis fellow-creatures. Lady Joan was all to him that a wifo could bo, and seemed devoted to her husband nnd child— for she early became a mother — when orio Clirist mns Eve all this happiness oamo Wan end.' 'Oh!' said I, rather cynically. 'So Lady Joan proved to be no better than the rest of her sex.' f'So Hugh Ringan thought, doctor; hut he .was us mistaken as you are. Lndy Joan occupied tho Blue Room,' which I showed you the)other day ; and on Christmas Eve, when riding homelnto, Hugh saw a man descend from the window: Thunderstruck by the sight, he galloped after the man and caught 'him beforo ho could mount a horse which whs waiting for him. The cavalier was a hand some young fellow of twenty-five, who refused to answer 31 ugh's questions. Think ing,' naturally enough, that ho had to do .with iv lover of his wife's, Hugh fought a duel with the stranger and killed him after a hard fight. ' Leaving him dead on the snow he rode back to tho Grange, and burst in on his wife to accuse her of perfidy. It wasin vain that Lady Joan tried to defend herself by Btating that tho visitor was hor brother, who was iftip ??''. - - ' :?? ' '. ''d^l furious 'V .. ? ???.'. ' .v-:.-V^L.«, Hugh :.-',?. \ : -, ; , :_?:-' ;* jsthu'ifi'is lili 1111? ?P' ?? . . . . cutoff. '^'^ ' ? ill' back, to 11 ? I ? at is who 1 i n . to death, i ? m i I ? ii| 'plo who have slopt In tllut fatul rooinhavo boon; touched by tho dead hand of Lady Joahi and' have subsequently died.' . j 'Did Hugh find out that his wife was innocent?' ? . : ; 'He did,' replied Riiigau, ''and within, a month after hor death.' Tho stranger was really Jjor brother, plotting for James II., as sholiad stiitnd. Hugh was not' punished -by man for his wiine, bjifc: wif.liiii. a year ; ho. slept in the Bluo Chanibor and\S'a's fojind dead next morning with tlm mark of threo fingers on his right wrist. It was thought that in his remorse he hud courted death'by sleeping in' the room oursed by his wife.' , , ' And thoro was a raark on him ? ' ' On his right wrist red in.mk- liljq a burn, t)ie impression of three fingers. Since that tinja tho room has been haunted,'' ?' Dous evuryone who sleeps in it die f ' I nuked. ' ' No. Many people have risen woll nnd hearty in the morning. Only thoso who are doomed lo nn early death nro thus touched !' .'' When did the last case occur ?' '?' Three yours ago,' was Frank's unex pected reply. .'A friend of mine called Herbert Suunco would sleep in that room. Ho saw tha ghost and was touched. Ho showed me tho marks next morning — threo red linger murks.' ' Dili tho 0111911 hold good ?' ?- ''Yes, Spenco died three months lifter wards. Ho was thrown Irom his horse.' I was about to put further, questions in a sceptical vein, when we heard sbputs outside, and vyu nil sprang to our feet ns tho door was thrown open Ijj adinit Miss Laura in a stnto of excitement. ' l'ire ! file ! ' she cried, almost distracted, 'Oil I Mr. Ringan,' mldremlnir herself to Peniy, 'your room is nn fire ! 1^ ? ' Wo waited to hoiij1 no more, but in a body rushed up to Percy's room. Volumes of Mnoko woro rolling out of the door, undflumcb woro Hashing within. Frank Fingan, how over, was prompt and oool- headed. Ho had the ulann bell rung, summutipd servants, grooms, und stable hunds, and in twenty wiuutw tbo ftro wajj estinguiehed, On nsicing how the firo hnd ptar'.ed, HiiM f.uiira, with inunh hysterical sobbing, stated chut sho hud gone into Percy's room tb nee that all was ready and comfortable for tho uinht. Unfortunately tho wind wafted one ? f tho b°d-curbiius towards tho caudle shi- '.«nr- iMirrying, and in a nioumnt iho room was in a blaze. After pauifyiug Miss Laura, who iiould not help Iho ntioidnnt, Frank turned to hi-1 cousin. By this time wo wero back -ig»in in tho librnry. ' My dear follow,' ho said, ' your room is swimming in water, and is charred with firo. I'm afraid you can't stay thoro to-night; imt I don't know whero to put you unless you 'iiko the B.luo Room. 'Tho Bluo Room!' woulloried. 'What! Ilio haunted chamber?' 'Yes ; nil tho other rooms are full. Still, ii' Peroy is afraid ? ' ??;.-; 'Afraid ;' cried Peroy, indignautly. , 'I'm not afraid at all. I'll sleep in the Blue Room with the greatest of pleasure.' . ' But the ghost ? ' ' I don't oaro for tho ghost,' interrupted the Australian, with a nervous laugh. 'Wo have no ghosts in our part of the world, nnd us I huvo nut seen ono, I do not believe there ?- such a thing.' : We nil ii'ie.1 tn rlissuii'lp hinr from sleeping ii ih,- liHiinu'-i i- ? n, and sevoinl :-f us offerpd t'- wive ni- our upHrtinmits for tho night, l-'raiik. .?imonjr tho numlwr.' But 'Percy's -1i.i»-''r-' n.' tuMOlipd, iind'hu was- riwduto to k-.p iiin 'wnnl. He had plonty :.of pluok, as K-uiii lu!l'iuv..itiiii ih,. funny that wo might liitilt him h raiwai'J spurrefl him onto resist . Tli..f)i.i.nf it whs that shortly beforo mid .lulu neat oif to theVBluo Room, iind l..,-lnr,'.i his inti'iition of sleeping in it. 1'here .vim norhing more to be said in tho faco of «uoh obstinaoy, so one by one we retired, quite unaware of the events to happen before the morning. So on that Christmas Eve tho Rlue Room had an unexpected tenant. Ou going tn my bedroom I could not sleep. The tale told by Frank Ringan haunted my fancy, and the idea of Percy sleeping in that ill-omened room made me nervous. I did not believe sin ghosts myself, nor, so far as I knew, did Percy, but the little man suffered from heart diseaio— ho whs strung up to a highinervous pitch by our ghost stories — and if unything out of tho common, even from natural causes, happened in that room, tho shock might be fatal to its occupant. I knew well enough that Poroy, out of pride, would refuse to give up tho room, yot I wus determined that he should not sleep in it ; so, failing pnrsuasiuu, I employed stratagem. I hnd my medical chest with me, and taking it from my portmanteau I pro pared a powerful narcotic - 1 left this on the table and went along to the Bine Room, which us I have said before, was not very far from mine. \ A knock brought Peroy to the door clothed in pyjamas, and at a glance. I could seo that tho ghostly atmosphere of the place was already telling oh his nerves. Ho looked pule and disturbed, but bis mouth whs firmly set with an obstinate expression likely to re sist my proposals. However, out of diplo macy, I made none, but blandly stated my errand, with moro roughness, indeed, than was necessary. 'Come to my room, Percy,' I said, when he appeared, 'and let mo give you some thing tb calm your nerves.' ;. 'I'm not afraid !' he said, defiantly ' Who said you wero ?' I rejoined, tartly. 'You believo in ghosts no more than I do, 60 why should you bo afraid ? ' But after tho alarm' of, firo your nerves aro upset, end I want to give you something to put them right. Otherwise, you'll got. no sleep.' ' I shouldn't mind a composing draught, cortaiuly,' said the littlo man. 'Hare you it hero?' ':Nb, it's in my room, a foiv yards off. ' Quite deluded by my speech and manner, Percy followed mo into my bedroom, and obediently enough swallowed the medicine.' Then I made him sit down in a comfortable arm chair, ou the plea that he must not walk immediately after the draught. The result of my experiment was justified, for in less than ten minutes the poor littlo man was fast asleep under the influence of the narcotic. When thus helpless, I placed him in my bod, quite satisfied that he would not awaken unti late the next day. My tusk accomplished, I extinguished the light, and went off myself to the Blue Room, intending to remain there for tho night. It may be asked why I did so, us I could easily have taken my rest on the sofa in my own room ; but the fact is, I was anxious to sleep in a haunted chamber I did not be lieve in ghosts, as I had never seen ono, but as there was a ohunce of meeting hero with an authentio phantom I did notwTsh to I-..., u3-ujjj-Lu-iTi.:-2; ?-??-- *???' Therefore whon I saw that Percy was safe for tho night, I took up my quarto™ in tho ghostly territory with much curiosity, but— as I can safely aver — no feur. All the mmo, in tho case of practical jokes on the part of the ieutberheaded young men in the house, I took my r-yoivur with mo. Thus prepared, I locked tho door of the Bluo Room and slipped into bed, leaving the light burning. Tho revolver I kept under my pillow ready to my hand in case of necessity. 'Now,' said I grimly, as I made wysell comfortable, 'I'm ready for ghosts, or goblins, or practical jokers.' I lay awake for a long timo staring at Iho queer figures ou tho Muo draperies of the apartment. In tho pale flame of tho candle they looked ghostly enough to disturb tho nerves of unpme ; nnd when the ..draught fluttered tho tapestries the figures seemed to move as though alive. For this sight alone I was glad that Percy, had not slept in that room. I could fancy the poor man lying in; that vast bed with blanched fnoe and: beating, heart, listening to ovory creak, and watohing the fantastic embroideries waving on the walls. Bravo as he was, I am surd the sounds and sights of that room would have shaken his nerves. I did not fool very 'omfortablo myself, sceptic as I was. '??'.? T ??'''?*'?- When the candle had burned down protty low I fell asleep; ; How_ long' I sluinbornd I know not; but I woke; up ivitli the impression thut something or 'roineqiio was in the room. Tho nandlo hud wasted nearly to the sockot iind the flume was flickering and leaping fit fully, so as to display tho room one moment and lcavo it almost in darkness tho next. I heard a soft stop crossing tho room, and as it drew near a suddun spurt of flamo , from tho cundlo showed me a littlo womnn standing by the side of tho bed. Sho wus dressed in a gown~of flowering brocudc, and ^wore tho towering headdress of th.o Queen Anne opouh. Her fiice I could scarcely seo, as tho flash of flame was only momentary ; hut I folt'what the Sc:otoh call a deadly gruo us J realised thut. this was tto veritable phantom of Ludy Joan. ,. . For tho mnment the natural . dread' of the supernatural quite overpowered mo, nnd with . my hunds and arms lyi;ig outside the counter punii I rested inert and chilled with four. This sensution of helplessness in tho presence of ovil, was like what one experiences in a nightmaro of the worst kind. When again tho fiamo of the expiring audio shot up, I behold the ghost olnso ut hnndj and — as I felt rathor than saw— knew that it was bending over mo. A fuiut odour of musk was in the air, und I heard tho soft, rustic pf the brocaded skirts echo through tho' semi-dnrknoss. Tho next moment I felt' my right wriat gripped in a burning grasp, and the sudden pain roused mymerves from their paralysis. With n yell I rolled ovor, away from tho ghost, wrenching my wrist from thut hoiriblo olusp. and, almost mad with pain, I gropod with my loft hand for the revolver. As I seized it, tho oundlu flared up for thn last time, and I saw tho ghost gliding back towurds the tupestt'ics. In u second I raised tho rovolvor and fired. The next moment thero was u wild cry of terror and agony, tho fall of a heavy body on the floor, and almost before I know whore I was, I found mj-olf outsido iho door of tho huuiited room. To attract uttnution I flrod nnothor shot from niy revolver, while tho Thing on tho floor mounod in tho darkness most horribly, In a few moments guest« and Bervanta, nil in various atttgea q( uudtces, ciuuq riwblny along- thn passage bearing lights. A babel of voices arose, and I managed to babble some incoherent explanation, and led tho way into Iho room. There on Iho floor lay the ghost, and wo lowered tho 'candles to look at its face. I sprang up with a cry ^ojnising who it Wus. 'Frank Uiiigmi. ' It was indeed Frank iuiigan, disguised ns a ivomiin, in wig and ?' brocado. He looked ut mo with a ghostly face, hi- mouth work ing nervously. With an effort ho raised himself on his hands and tried to speak — whether in oonfo.si-ion or exculpation, I know not. But thn attempt wan tno much for him, it choking cry escaped his lipsj-a jet; ofblood' burst from' his .mouth, and-' ho fell back dead. . - ? 'Over the rest of tho ovpnts of thut terriblo night I draw a veil. There, nro somethings it'. is ? as 'well not to speuk of. Only I may slato' that all through the horror and con fusion Percy Ringan, thanks to my strong slooping draught, slumbered as peacefully as a child, thereby saving* his lifo. With the morning's 'light eaino discoveries and explanations. Wo' found ? ono of tho panels behind tho tapestry of tho Bluo Room upon', and it gave admittance into a passage whioh on examination proved to lead inrji Frank Ringan's bedroom. Ou tho floor wo discovered a delicato hand formed of steel, and which bore marks of having been in tho firo. ? Ou my right wrist woro threo distinct bums, which I have no hesitation in declar ing were caused by the mechanical hand wliioh- we pioked up ueqr tho dead man. And the explanation of these thinirs came from Miss Laura, who was wild with terror at the death of her master, und snid in her first outburst of grief ar.d four, what I am sure she regretted in her calmor moment'. ' It's all Frank's fault,' sho wtspt. 'He was poor und wished to be rich. Ho got Peroy to mako a will in his favour, and wanted to kill him by a shook. He knew that Percy had heart disease und that a shook might provo fatal ; so he contrived that his cousin should sleep in Iho Blue Room on Christmas Eve; and ho himself played the ghost of Lady Joan with the burning hand. It was a stfiel hand, which ho heated in his own room so as to mark with a soar those it touched.' ' Wliose idea was this ? ' I asked, hor rified by the devilish ingenuity of the scheme. 'Frank's!' said Miss Laura, candidly. ' He promised to marry me if I helped him to get tho money by Percy's death.. We found that thpre was a secret pnssuge leading to tho Blue Room, so some years' ago we invented the story that it wns hauutod.' . ? ' Why, in God's name ? ' ' Because Frank wns alwavs poor. He knew that his cousin in Australia had heart disease, and invited him home to kill him with fright. To make things safe he was al^vuys talking about tho haunted room nnd telling the story so that everything should be ready for Peroy on his arrival. Our plans wero all enrr ed out. Percy at mod and Frank got him to maV« the will m his favour Then ho'-was told the story of Lady Joan and her hand, and by settinir fite to Peroy'a room last night I got him to sleep in tho Rlue Chamber' without any suspioion . boinir arousnd.' 'Youiwioked ,wonmn !' I cried. 'Din you SreiPeroy'srnom on purpose ?' 'Yes. ' Frank promised to marry mo if 1 helped him. We had to got Percy to sleep in tha Blue Chamber, nr.ii-I »u .gow . * v snt tinjr firo ? to Ills bedroom He would have died with fright when Frank, as Lady Joan touched him with the steel hand, and no one would have been tho wiser. Your sleeping in the haunted room s«i-ccl Percy's lifo, Dr. Las celles ; yet Fnink invited you down us part of hit scheme, tbatyuu might examine the bod.i and declare the death to be a natural one ' 'Was it Frank who burnt the wrist H' Herbert Sp'enee some. years ugo?' 1 asked 'Yes!' replied ? Miss' L iuru, wiping bu red eyes. 'We thought if the friicnt ap Seured to a'fow other, people : that Peroy V eath might Beem more natural. It wits h mbre coincidence that Mr. Spenco died three months after tho ghost touched him ' - .'Do ^ou know yon are a very wicked woman, Miss Laura?' ^ 'I am a very unhappy one,' she letorted 'Ihuve lost the only mun I ever loved, untl his miserable cousin survives to stop into hi shoes as the master of Ringshuu Grange ' That wus the sole conversation 1 had with the wretched woman, fur shortly ufterwardt, she disappeared, und I fancy must have gou-. abroad, us she wus never more heard of. - At the inquest, held on tho. .body of Frank the whole strange story came out, and v/a .reporied.at.full'length. by the London Pie«. ! to .th'e dismay of 'gliosfseers, foi tho famoot Kinsrshnu' Grange iir a haunted mansion had been great in .the land, ?. ? ?I wus afraid lest the jury should bring' in n verdict of manslaughter against mo, hut the peculiar*featiires ofthe case being taken into consideration I was acquitted of blame, anil shortly af torwnrds I returned to India with an unblemished ohnructer. Percy Ringun «,.„ terribly distressed on henring of his cousin's death, and shocked by tho discovery of his tfuuohery. HowHVer, no was consoled by be coming the-bend of tho family, and us he lives a quiet lifo at. Ringshaw Grange thero. is not much ohanoo. of his early death' from heart disease — at all ovents from u ghostly point of view. '.'..'' The Blue Chamber is shut np,% for it is haunted now by it worse spectre than that of Tjiidy Joun; whose legend (purely .fiotitiona) was bo ingeniously cot forth by Frank, It is huuuted by the ghost of .-tho cold-blooded scoundrel who foil into his own trap ; and whovinet with his ow^n death at the very moment he wus contriving thut of another man. As to myself, I have given up ghost hunting and sleeping in haunted ro'om.a. Nothing will over tempt me to experiment in taut way again. Ono adventure of that sort in enough to last mo a lifetime, ' ' 07i, JWr. Ringan' sh« cried, almost distracted, ' your room is on fite '' 