OBSCENE ADVERTISE MENTS. THE UP-COUNTRY PRESS. The Parson and the Printer. The Paraon Voices a Strong Protest—Which Make* the Primer Yowl-May His Solo Itcootne a Protest. TnoVoH the obscene advertiser has long befouled and polluted tbe columns of tlie Sydney press, with his loathsome presence, up till resently he' had made but little headway through tho country papers. Aow, iowever, it would seem as though this healthy stato of thinffs is no longer to exist, anil the abortion-pill Bern! Is to flourish iu the country as well as in the ?ity'm ^lready have advertisements from .Dr ihis and Mrs. Dr. That commenced to make their appearance to the very great danger of tho morals of tho people in those localities. However, the innovation is not to be allowed to pass without challenge. And to the credit of the cloth, be it sai-i, tho Hrst voice in protest comes from a parson. He recently took exception to an advertise m5nt) appealing in tho 'Glsn InneaGiur than, and promptly sent back his papor with a request that the proprietor disoon tinuo sending it, expressing in very plain terms his disapproval of the advertisement referred to. And to (his verv propar and highly Christian procedure the proprietor of -° L' S,uardiaa' sjnt tho following replv, which TRCTurepublishes: GIod runes, MtVi AuBu.t, 1SD9. »ir,— louruo.-irteousf.vortoliind. l i.av0 aWy. boen *eo-iin,r ti.o 'Gm,6iM' to your predocosnors'f.-oo of cIui-ro nd kiv «lvrays O;;joyeJ tho warme-t friondnliin lor them »li. i r0?rc. !b,t ? .( B^ jn ^^ 01 a. joptlema.i wholes any tnrm in the Guatdisn.' I h vn no aa-erti«onient in mr pawrnrhioh any ela«n-minded person cooM tike off»,,oe at. H unp-ars th.t you are h M y yot „ jn^o of tne cllar:1-ot(..i. „, tUe C8°r^ ?'''?i''«trieti-Jllthfire.p.et bio ppoplo of \Vo*loy,n p»reii i.ion happen lo support th. pajj-r. I also roceivo t-io co --lial xoppott of the Weslo ,ni o! 6l'n Iniies I Wy if . . . . hrord your crii.io.am of thorn they TonH hirdljTbo i,je »ed.— Allow wo to rcm .in, your very obedient serva-it ' Wm. M'fKEADlE. Truly a choice production. Upon its receipt the parson replied ja the following dignified and nianly terms ;— Wcaleyau Metliodixt Parnnniirs. August 2Sl'n. 1899. TO THE KDITOn ' GfcEN InKES GUARDIAN ' Sir.— Your loiter fr- hand. »nd I «m nut rised vat 70a nhonld «nv that yoar popor i« fit for jr..- clean-mind d pweon to read. Let me *iMdly nak you if tue advertiioment re Mrs. »*? ? « fi' *o- «nv pure mind to reid, more so you R women. To me it inbouiin able. If othe- Wealey»n minister, have t»ken it and n!o'ed thtiroyei to nuoo abomin able, deeding filth, 1 thai! not. I wish tou to i-emoiaoot r,* |B aervant of Jeau. Christ I . annJI «tind o-. my own prinoiple. I hnve a ' c™.«isBC-, .in! J tlull «t.ndnp for what i» It™. If jpn think th»t I oitne here to , p-n«!(jr -m tie people yon are itiataken. It U n-'-l smtlj mutter to me what th» people lr*« r.. or vrvn tfteae yon name in yonr Iat-er irtwlYwrtTmtHil!. I .lull keep God first t.wd i »« H» amile. Thi» pandering to MM* ha» robbed thousands of their man hooS ana Hit them wnlklbg ghosts. I believe in the spirit of M.iftin Luther, wo, when told tuat the world vim ngainst him, replied 'then I am agituat the world.' I auoll obey my Conscience and God at all coBfci.— Voutu for the right, ? ?? Ttttmt has se^n the advertisement com plained of, and has no hesitation in pro nouncing ib suob asnodeceht jourtiilist, \Vitb any rega; d for tho morals of a community, woulddreamof accepting. It isof the abortion variety and counsels ' prevention' 's being not only legitimate but 'advisable' and a 'positive duty.' Truth -sincerely trusts this protesting voice will bo joined by othora, till a regular chorus of revolt is roused throughout the land, and tho ' abortion pill ' and ' preventive '? advertisement is arivon for ever from tho place it now oscn pics. That our reverend /r.e .d may. not turn back, now his hand has bean put to the plough, is Tbctb's sincere wish, and it warmly congratulates him upon tbe prac tical attitude he has adopted. Let fathers of families join him, and boycott every paper which opens its columns to such foul indecency. By such means will the puri fication of tho press become complete. 