Thu Siiirar Season In tlie Isis. A correspondent writes : The gronp system adopted by the O.S.B. Company has been a very great improvement. The work has gone on with far more satisfaction to all concerned. Childers mill baa crushed between 80,000 and 90,000 tons of cone ; but notice has been given that the company takes advantage of one condition of the contraot, and 10 per cent, of the orop ia to stand over. The O.S.B. Company, will finish omening in about five weeks, crushing in all well on to 120,000 tons of cane. This harvest has been further satisfactory to contractors to the Childers mill who eleoted to be paid at analysis value. In some oases the cane has reached 17s per ton, and some planters have averaged over 14s for their whole crop. I am told that the best cultured land, though giving the heaviest orop, does not give cane with the highest sugar content. Doolbi mill closes down within a fortnight. The proprietary have been trying to make provision for extending the Doolbi mill. With that end in view the planters have been offered an inoreased prioe to sign on their oane for another ten years, but the inoreased prioe 1B not regarded as sufficient, ranging from 3d to Gd per ton mora at certain periods of tho season, A central mill would be a Buooess in the Doolbi district. It is not very likely the planters will sign on cane at under 11s per ton, when their immediate neighbours are getting from 11s to 17a por ton. Indeed, it would be botter if the greater part of the IBIS was served by central mills. The harvesting operations are not very satisfactory in tho privately-owned mills, and from the prloes oane fetohcs according to sngnr oontent, it is considered a fair prioe has not been given in the past. Many were of opinion that the IBÍS cane was low in quality, growing so heavy as it docs in com- parison with cane grown in other localities. The analysis values published this year show that the Isis oana is an rich in sugar as' any other, and should sell at as high a price. With thia season's expérience it should not be difficult to get at least two other central mills in tho Isis district. Then there is need for additional crushing power, as tho harvest at present lasts too long. Two cane farms were Bold by Mr. Martin, auctioneer-one of 130 acres, all Bomb land, at £1250, and one of 200 nares, 100 acres sorub and 100 aorea forest, at £1400, There are thousands of acres of forest land fringing the scrub whioh will grow onne equal to sorub land, but the dearing ot forest land ÍB mora expensive, wbiah is a hindrance At Homebush fat stook sales on Monday, 43 bullocks of W. A. B. Greaves' averaged £6 6s lOd. 147,078 tons wheat and 113,887 tons maize wera exported from Argentina during July, Morehend's, Limited, report that fat bulIookB are Beling in Brisbane to £5 17s Gd, fat COWB to £3 17« Od. \- At Alstonville, cane harvesting operations ara not proceeding satisfactorily, owing to tho soarolty of outters, neither black nor whits labor being available; consequently the mills aro not working full time. Owing to tho cold weather of tho past spring, the density of the cane is below the average. THE POTATO CBOP.-Digging the potato crop ia becoming general, and in many fields numbers of banda may be seen early and late harvesting the tubera. Shipments to Sydney are increasing weekly, and aa yet we have not heard of any complaint as to tho quality of the consignments. The prioe this year ia not so tempting as lost year, and the farmer who B^nds an indifferent lot will impose a difficulty on his agent to dispose of it. The rnling rate is not more than payable, and it would bo a misfortune on the growers generally if it were reducod by the indiscretion of the few in sending their potatoes to market in on un- marketable condition. Were it not for the heavy glnts of rain damaging the seed just after plant- ing, there would probably have been a record crop on the Clarence thia year. The yields generally are, however, satisfactory ; the season since plant- ing month being especially favourable for the crops. Cow PEAS AB MAKUBE. -A correspondent writes : There are some who have had large experience in the valne of cow poos as a green manure, who say that although it is not. every farmer who can afford to plant oow peas solely ns a mannring crop, yet those who cannot do this have a way oat of the diffioulry, and get some return from the land withont altogether losing the benefits of green manuring. This can be done by sowing cow peas among tho young growing Orops, say in every alternate row in blank epaces between the stools. During the time of growth they are a great assistance in keeping weeds in cheok, and the elements they absorb from the soil which help the formation of maize are insigni- ficant. Besides, it is a question, knowing that cow peas absorb nitrogen (the principal plant food) from tbe air, if in doing this cow peas do not transfer somo of this food to the plants alongside. However, land treated in this way, and ploughed early in the following season, ia almost sure to be in the best order, in spite of adverse seasons. This has been proved in Germany (in particular), America, and ooming nearer home, on the Queens- land sugar plantations. A few of the farmers on the Clarence are trying them, so that bye and bye we may expeot to hear more about them. THE PBUIT FLY.-Aa the season for summer fruits is approaching, the attention of fruit- growers is called to the necessity for concerted aotion to prevent such fruits being destroyed by the fruit fly. Such a loss oan, however, be greatly minimised if the gathering and deatruotion of all infected fruit, particularly so early in the season, bs thoroughly and systematically carried out, not only by those who make their living, or a part of their living by fruit culture, but by everyone who has a fruit tree or trees in his garden. All infested fruit should be destroyed by boiling, the boiled fruit being fed to poultry or pigs, Boiling is preferable to, and more effioaoioua than, burying. All worthless seedling peaches, guavas, or other fruits growing on the banks of creeks, along roadsides, or in abandoned orahards, should bs destroyed, as they are of no value to anyone, bnt are actually a publio nuisance, as they are a constant menace to adjacent orchards, and a regular breeding-ground for the fly. PHENOMENAL BDTTEB YIELDS-The numerous admirera of the pretty Jersey in thia country (says " Field ") are proud to boast that the Channel Island cow has no rival as a butter producer. The largest amount of butter yielded by a cow in this oonntry this year so far has been 21b. Doz., with a butter ratio of I6.G81b. Mr. E. Mathews has prepared the following statement comparing the best eight performances at the Royal Jersey, tbe Bath and West, and Royal Counties Show with the Amerioan records :-Eight American Jerseys averaged : Milk, 371b 5 37.BCoz ; butter, 51b 3 37.22ÜOZ! bntter ratio, 7.2111b. Eight English and Island averaged : Milk, 331b 14 7-8oz ; bntter, 21b G 1-lGoz : butter ratio, 7G.71b, Suoh figures speak for themselves. PLOUGHING BY ELBOTBIOITY,-Eleotrioity has been recently tried on the Royal farms in Prnsaia for driving ploughs, in whioh au eleotrio motor is used to drive the winding drums. These drums are mounted on a motor waggon, whioh also i moved along the field by eleotrioity. On some trials made as to the cost of eleotrio ploughing, it waa said to range from £2 6s to nearly £3 per aore, while the cost of steam ploughing came out at considerably over £4 per aore. These figures are for ploughing heavy soil to a depth of 8 to 10 j inohes. The speed of the plough was about 3ft. per second. Horton TB AUK is LONDON.-There fs a fair demand for ooaohing horses in the world's metro- polis, and one lot were cleared recently at 4345 guineas, an average of 103iga. Sales generally are £30 to £40 eaoh, and there is an extensive import trade from the States and Canada. Up to August this year over 300,000 of these horses were imported to England, mostly young sound animals. The large van and bas companies are the best customers, and the demand from this souroe keeps horses at a fair prioe. At Liverpool about 300 a month are sold at £25 per head for the Canadians, and £35 for the Yankees. The Secretary of the Agricultural Department of the United States bas recently been making efforts to disoover a drought-resisting grass, suitable for the more arid regions of that country, and has suoceeded in finding a variety that, stood six months of drought. The grass is Jlromus inermis. It oom es from the steppes of Rnssia. Experiments made in California showed that it withstood six months'drought without loss of a plant. When rain came at the end of that time¡the plant quickly revived, and grew to the height of 2 feet. It has very deep roots, whioh penetrate the soil in searoh of moisture. Onoumbers are already in the looal market, and' no doubt producers will ship them to Sydney. The Clarenoe being able te raise this vegetable early in the season, can have the privilege of obtaining good prices for them before Southern growers can plaos their cuoumbera on the market. Of the butter shipment of 11,343 boxes by the Britannia from Sydney to London on Saturday, the F. F. and I, Co. sent 23(10 boxes, Foley Bros. 2360, Creamery Butter Co. 1970, Farmers' Co-oper- ative Co, 1805. # Given fair play, separated milk ia good food. Every 1001b, of this milk oontaina from 01b. to 101b. of food material, made np of 3}lb. of casein, Jib. albumen, 4Jib. sugar, Jib. ash, and fat from l-10th lb. to Jib.' Putting it another way, 1001b. of akim milk is equal, to 101b. of good oorn meal. The butter market, whioh remained stationary at lOd for oreamery wholesale, has at length taken a change and fallen a penny. The rate ¡B still a good paying one, and in onr diBtriot dairymen should be reoeiving large supplies, owing to the favourablo season. At a meeting of the Cairns Chamber of Com- merce, it was resolved to ask for a vote of £65,000 for a central angar mill at Russell River, and £40,000 for the extension of the Mulgrave tram- way. In some districts of Queensland, maize-growers are receiving 3s 7d per bushel for their crop, and consider that prioe very satisfactory. An analysis made by an expert on the value of corn cobs shows that on a basis of maize at 100, the cobs have a food value of 37 to 49, corn stalks 3G. potatoes 26, lucerne hay G5. Foragers fetohing high prioes in South Afrloa. In September, oaten hay waa selling nt Bloem- fontein at £8 per ton, at Bulawayo £15 15s, at Durban £12, at Grahamstown £7, at Johannesburg £17 10s, at Kimberley £10 10s, at Port Alfred £6 5s, at Port Elizabeth £9 9s. The progress of the remunerative oonoern. We announoed the other war must have oaused a considerable advance on theBe figures. Banana growers in North Queensland are threatened with prohibition from the Sydney market unless they keep the fruit fly ont of their fruit consignments. This industry is a big ono up Cairns way, as from that place 70,000 bunches are shipped monthly to Melbourne and Sydney. Geraldton Bonds 40,000 bunches a month. Some consternation has boen oaused amongst some of the miners of the Blayney copper mine by the visitations ot a ghost in ono ot the Bhafts. The men hear strange noises, bells ringing, sighing, gronnings, eto. Miners going below have their candles extinguished by a supernatural visitor, and some of the men alleged that somothing bruBhod past thom. Six mon havo left the mino owing to tho terror tho ghost has inspired, A peculiarly hard case ia reported from Port Melbourne. An old man named Dalrymple owned a small property there. As ho waB unable to pay the amount demanded by tho Metropolitan Board of Works on accoant of soworngo, the Board sold the property, and the poor old mnn was turned out. Being 75 years uf age, partly blind, and suffering from senile deoay, ho had absolutely no refuge and no means, and was arrested for vagronoy. The Government of Victoria hna deoided to icoroaeo the pay of some of the lower-paid public servants. . In tho intercolonial lawn tennis oontoatu in Melbourne in the singles and doubles, New South Wales scorod a total of 83 points and Victoria 30. A large stock of Acetylene lamps for bicycles or buggies on sale at Harding B ; also granulated carbide, the most perfect lamp yet invented. It banishes night.* ' I See Harding's illustrated advt on page 8 in Tuesday's issue.* NEW SYSTEM oy MISE WOBKISQ.-The pros- pectas of the Lady Elsie Gold-earning- Company, Coramba, introdncea a new eystem of working mines that shonld find f avonr with tho pnblic. A correspondent, in whom we have conSdcnoe, writes " I think, apart from the high reputation of the property, the new system ia worth supporting, for no other reason than that it will break down the old swindling methods that have cursed the fields in this district. Nine out of every ten that have been worked under the old backing system have ' been really nothing but dodges to get a bit of "backing" money for a few loafers. Tho application fee for shares is only 3d, which goes into the mine, and yon can depend that the directors, whoever they may be, will keep down expenses for their own sake, so that there will be good value got fer the monoy." Tho prospectus seta forth that there are no paid up shares-all shares are alike. There is no párchate money, and no floatation commission, to absorb the money subscribed. If the oompany ia not floated, subscribed money will be returned in full. The returnB from the '. Laity Elsie"-rang- ing from 1 joz. to 3ozs. per ton-is evidence of a good property, and if worked on the lines indicated in the prospectus, should give excellent returns. - A CUBE FOB SNAKE BITES.-Many experi- ments have reoently been made with the new mushroom serum for the cure of snake bites, all of which have been successful. For counteracting the offectB of snake bites many eurea have been prescribed, varying from that ot drinking enor- mous ¡quantities of whisky to the application of mushroom vaccine. It ia nardly necossary to state that time ia gained by applying the remedy directly to the nervous sjHtoni. Experiments have been made upon various animals, among those being a rat. After having been bitten by a snake the rat showed all the symptoms of oollapae. A strong injection of the serum wùrking upon the' nervous system soon sot it right. Experiments upon dogs with this new species1 of vaccination have proved that, for at least lone month after vaccination, dogs cannot be poisoned by snake bites. It seems that the effects of the vaccination grow weaker as time rolla on. It is olear from the foregoing that we have discovered tbe principle of prevention, and at least a limited application of the same. Soienoe has not yet said its last word upon this subject. The solution of the problem of prevention not merely for a month' or so, but for a lifetime, is within eight. Amongst the yearlings paraded for sale at Doncaster, 28 years ago, "was a great Blashing Stockwell oolt, bred by that sterling sportsman, Sir Tatton Sykes. The oolt oertainly looked some- what above himself when led into the ring, and a bystander commentod on the faot to a companion. "He's as fat as a bullock," began the oaptious oritic, in a tone loud enough for everyone to hear. " I'll bet he never wins his saddle." " There 1 " remarked Sir Tatton's head man, Snarry; turning to Mr. Tattersall ; " listen to that. - They're never satisfied. If we bring 'em lean, they ask us if we reared 'em in the workue, or on ' skillygolee,' and when we bring beefy they ask why we don't sell them by tho pound at Langham. I don't sup- pose they'll find him over fat by Derby Doy." Snarry's worda were prophetio, as {the colt, who waa trained by the late Robert Peck, and was named Donoaster, duly won the Derby, starting at the healthy odds of 45 to 1. The P. and 0. Steam Company's annual report shows that it has been possible to add a bonus of 2 per cent, to the dividends of 10 psr oent. on the deferred stook paid last year. An interim dividend of 8J per oent. per annum was paid: in June, and now a further dividend of G.J per oent., with a bonus of 2 per cent., has been declared, making a total payment of 12 per cent, for the year on the deferred shares, with the usual payment of 5 per oent, on the preferred-giving a distribution of 8i per cent, on the total capital, against 75 per cent, paid the previous year, when there was a heavy IOBB through the grounding of the China. While the steamer Excelsior WSB loading bard wood logs at Coffs Harbor jetty, part of the jib in whioh the pulley worked gave way, when the log was in a swinging position for lowering to the ship, causing the log to fall on the ship's deok, and the jib on to the jetty. A wharf laborer standing nndor the jib waa knocked down, sustaining injuries to his baok. At Melbourne, a salesman named Davitt has been fined £200 for the alleged smuggling of £3000 worth of jewellery, mostly diamonds. , He was arrested on tbe Caulfield racecourse* on' a charge of stealing diamonds to the valu* of £3400 at Antwerp about six months ago, on the information of tho home authorities. A six months' evangelistic misson, for the oity of Glasgow bas been very carefully arranged by the Protestant ohurohes, of whioh there are about 100 of the different denominations..' There are over 800,000 people in Glasgow, and,the city has been divided into ten districts, and in each of these at least one meeting will be going on con- stantly daring the six months in connection with the mission, ' Aa officer has been sent to the Hunter to report on a proposed railway from Tarro to Baymond Terrace. He will also report on an 18 mile pro- posed connection from Stockton to Fort Stephens. The death is announced of Mr, Henry WV' Jackson, of East Maitland, at the ripe old age of 87 years. Deceased was a very old resident of the dlstriot. At the Glen Innes Police Court, Joseph Henbron, for allowing 300 sheep to trespass on the travelling stock reserve, was fined £8 and costs. Three proposals to oonstrnot railways by private enterprise are now under the considération of the Queensland Government. The Victorian Government has decided to at once proceed with the construction ot-a traffic bridge over the Murray Biver at Cobram. Thomas Green's store at Mulwala was entered by burglars. A safe waa parried away, and £170 stolen. The Victorian railway revenue since the'begin- ning of July shows an increase of nearly' £100,000 as compared with the corresponding period of last year. The Viotorian Government, who reoently adver- tised for 80 junior olerks. received 057 applications. A cable from Auckland reparta a horrible murder at Samoa. Frank darnall, the largest landed pro- prietor in Samoa, was murdered ia bed' with an axe. There is no olue to the perpetrator, who ÍB believed to be a native. In the Assembly, Mr. Wise said the vaoattoy on the Pnblio Service Board, caused by the leave of absenos granted to Mr. Coghlan, had been offered to Mr. Houston, TJnder-Seorntary for Lands. Mr, Lyne said he would deoline to pay any money in connection with the New Guinea Land Syndioate unless authorised by Parliament, A new trial has been granted in the action Lowe v. " The Sydney Morning Harald." It ' transpires that a young fellow who horse- whipped tbe musioal oritio of a.weekly paper in Sydney waa the step-brother of Maud M'Carthy, the famous violinist. Not much damage was done on either Bide, but oourt proceedings are' likely to ensue. At the Central Criminal Court Alfred McGregor and Stephen Randolph Craddock, the former con- victed of assaulting a boy and the latter off assault- ing his daughter, were eaoh sentenced to five years' penal servitude. The visit of the Empörer William to England is unpopular in Germany. The Kaiser landed at Portsmouth, and had a great reception, . Lord Kitchener, Governor-General of the Soudan, has arrived at Khartoum. He has telegraphed that the Khalifa is west of Dnam, whioh is on the White Nile, over 100 miles north of Khartoum. Priaoe Henry of Orleans reproaches France for being impassive while Britain, Germany and others ore dividing the world. The body of a dead child, wrapped in a news- paper, was found in a Marrickville tram. ' Turee of the ohief grocery firms iujtfelbonrne were fined £2 for selling baby bottles of cham- pagne, their lloenscs only permitting eales of half pints. They pleaded that it had boen their,oustom for the past 20 years. , Burglars have boen busy at Tom Hales', house, Melbourne, and have oarried oft two onps, one valued at £100, won at Albury in 1887, and the other of silver, valued at £10, given to him as rider of Emulation at the Adelaide St. Leger , in 1870\. Nothing elso waa touched. At Kalgoorlie, a body of mounted police arrested 14 alluvial diggers on a oharge ot eteallng ore. Subsequently an enormous orowd surrounded the police station, when abusive and obscene language, and voilert threats were freely indulged in. In attempting the arrest of lomo of tho offenders, ono constable was violently assaulted hy four men, and received painful injuries. Tho police were then called out, and forcibly dispersed the orowd, Bomo severo oomments were made by Justioo Stephen in tho Divorce Court upon learning that the wita who was petitioning the Court for a dis- solution of her marriage had been united to her husband when only fifteen years of age, with tho oonsent of her mother. " Is it any wonder," his Honor said, " that divorces aro ' being asked for when we have such oasea ? Mothers are more to blame than the daughters." The men at work on the Inverell-Moreo railway are now at work a few miles from the former town. '. ? f fJ . .. \ : ??'? ' ' ' Ï ' 