2£{rt fUegearc 3ftmejs. PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY M0BN1NS. SATURDAY, MARCH 11,1890. local and OtotnL Wanted Clean Pickle Bottles. Judges Bros,* Sale, Oh I—Owing to the show nest week, Mr R K Waldron will hold bis usual sale on Wednes day instead of Thursday. See advt. Claim fob Commission,—At the Penrith Small Deb's Court on Tuesday, before Mr Stephen Murphy, P.M.. W A Brodin proceeded against Mrs Burcher for commission, £7 103. Mr J A I Perry appeared for plaintiff, and "Mr G F R Burcher for defeadant. Plaintiff vras nonsuited. Mudgbe Show.—At a largely attended meeting of the Committee of the Mudgee Agricultural Society held on the 4th instant, it was decided to postpone the annual show until Tuesday and Wednesday, tbe lAth and 17th May next, and to be two days instead of threo a9 previously announced. Early Ibbue.—Owing to the Nepean District Show falling on Thursday and Friday of next week, and it being impossible to get a full list of awards by waiting till ordinary publishing time, wc hare decided, as usual, to publish tbe Nei*ean Times early on Thursday, so that our staff, like everyone else, will have an opportunity of seeing the Show. Advertisers should please note that alteration in standing advertisements should reach us on Tuesday at 10 a.m.; correspondence and occasiopal advertisements by 9 a.m. on Thursday morning—earlier, if possible. Weekly Bepobt.—Messrs J. P. Slack and Co. ■end us the folio wing*Pigs: porkers (good demand) and at firmer prices to 27/6, suckers 9/6 ; calves 16/., horses and cows at ton prices; poultry, firmer than lasc week : roosters to 3/(5, hene to 2/6, ducks 2/6 to 3/9, geese 6/. to 6/9 ; fruit, firmer and risine, 900 lots forward for the week : peaches (slip) to 4/0 i case, clings 3/3 J case, tomatoes to 2/* J case, prars to 4/3 J case, erapes (harder) at -/I J per lb. muicatelln to -/3, cooking apple* to S/- f ca>e, gating 8/- to 3/9 \ caeo, passion fruit (scarce) to 12/ gin ; vegetables, good supply forward and prices higher: cabbage (good) to 6/-, medium 1/6, to 37-. pumpkins to 5/3, water meloDB to 4/-, parsnips 1/6, carrots 1/3, marrows 1/0, peas 6/-, beans 1/9, cucumbers to 1/-. Wo have alio to report sal© of furniture on list Wednesday (being well 'attended and good'prices, The Exchange.—The next regular weakly sale will be held at the Exchange on Wednesday, 16th March, Thursday being Show day. Girls' Grammar School.—In another column appears an announcement from Mis9 Newton, a lady who comes hero with excellent references, announcing that she will open a Girls' Grammar School in Penrith on Monday, April 10. Pupils will be prepared for University nnd all musical examinations. Miss Newton's present address is care of Mrs Culnane, Hi«h etreet, Penrith. " KIATING'S POWDER" destroys bugs, fleas, moths, BEETLES, and all other insects, whilst quite harmless to domestic animalB. In ex terminating Beetles the success of this Powder is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean in application See the article you purchase is " KKATING'fl," as imitations are noxious and ineffectual. Sold in Tins, 6d,,1s, and,2s 6d each, by all .chemists. Disposal op the Dead. -At the Police Court on Tuesday last it came out in ovidence that one of the partiec, speaking to the other, said : ' If I g ■< at you.I'll leave you that your corpse won't be buried I' Sopao of those present in court wanted to know if the defendant was going to start a crematorium. Messrs Prico and Son nerer anticipated opposition of this kind, and, if brought into general practice, their occupation will be gone.. Mails.—Mr 8. E. Lees, M.P., has handed us the f-llowing: Postal and Electric Te'egraph Depart ment, General Post Office, Sydney, 2nd March. 1899\. Sir,—I am di'ected by the Postmaster General to inform you that the communication dated 16th ultimo, presented by you upon the sub ject mentioned below, is under consideration, and that a further communication respecting it will be addressed to you as soon as a decision has been arrived at in the matter* I have, etc., S. 11. Lambtox, Deputy Postmaster-General. Subject: For a direct exchange of mails between Richmond and Penrith. A Tremble Disaster occurred near Toulon on Sunday morning, the Lagouban naval mngszino being destroyed by an explosion. Forty persons were killed and at least 110 injured A terrible -panic resulted from the explosion, the people believing that an earthquake had occurred. Num bers of people were . buried . beneath their homes. The windows of all the houses for miles «round were smashed, nnd the chimneys were demolished. So 'foroefnl was tho explosion that a vehicle was blown 100 yards into the sea, and the oconpants were drowned. The explosion is attributed to the chemical decomposition of a box of smokeless powder. Thb Household Mahual.—We are in receipt of the above work, which should find its way into every household. The book is published by Messrs Kealy and Philip, 251 George-street, Sydney, at the low price of one shilling, or by poBt threepence extra, and contains some very interesting matter for any housewife. The author, Mrs Theo Winning, does not intend the work to be considered a complete manual of cooking, but an every, day guide to tbe household, including cookery, things useful to know, limplc domestic remedies, laundery, rules for home nursing, management and disease of dogs, poultry keeping, toilet secrets, and miscellane ous receipts meeful to housewives. *" The Great Dainty."—On Friday and Saturday noxt the " Groat Dainty," and hit company intend to give performances in tho Ttwperanco Hall, Penrith, and if the opinions of the press are any criterion, then there is a most enjoyable evening's amusement in store for the residents of the district. In addition to the charming1 young Australian sorio comic linger and danseusa (Mies Ivy Fuller) and Mr Harry Riley in latest comic songs, the star of tho evening will introduce some of his latest illusions and sleight of hand tricks which are so mystifying that if describod jvould hardly be credited, Tho great cabinet mystery and " karoos " will also ba introduced, and each evening an entire change of programme will be presented and as tho rates for admission are extremely moderate, we trust a large audionce will greet the talented company on each night. Kemp's Creek.—A correspondent writes A social was given on Tuesday last by tho young men of tho district, at the residence of Mr J Taylor, Jubilee Grove, a moBt enjoyable. evening being spent. The proceedings were carried ont most efficiently lender the leadership, ot Mr L Waters and Mr .T Langworthy, the former, also acting.as M.O. About fifteen couples were present;, and dancing commenced about eight o'clock, the mu9ic being supplied by the Messrs Mobbs (2) of Parram>tta. These gentlemen are to be congratulated on their excellent playing, which went far to making the evening so enjoyable". An adjournment was made at twelve o'clock for supper, to which ample justice was done. Dancing was afterwards resumed and kept going until four o'olock. when the visitors wended th«*ir way homewirdfl. During the evening songs were given by Messrs J Briggs, £ Waters and Mobba. \----------------------- Marriage of " Billy " Howell.— Last week we published an account of our local cricketer's marriage, and, although we inquired of people who should know, it appears we did not quite get the account correct. The following is the true bill:— The well-known cricketer, Mr William Peter Howell, of Penrith, was married on Wednesday week to Miss Neva S F Hunter, of Emu Plains. The ceremony, attended by only the immediate friends, took place at the Presbyterian Church, Jamieson-street, Sydney, the Rev Dill-Macky officiating. On the following day it was publicly announced that the bridegroom had been selected as a member of the Australian Eleven to visit England. Upon making his appearance at the Cricket Ground on Friday to commence the match, his comrades extended to him a cheering welcome. It is not the intention of Mrs Howell to visit England, nor Is it the intention of her husband, as has been rumored, to take up his residence in England after the tour is finished. Butler Again.—A short time ago a man named Bush, working at Woodford, while out wallaby ■hooting, discovered under an overhanging cliff what be presumed to be a grave. There was the size of a man's body, the appsarancc of tho.earth having settled. Without interfering with it in any way, Mr Bush , sent word to tha police. Sergeant...Thorndike, accompanied by Constable !.Tompkins, Mr Bush, and ..some others, went on Thursday to examine and ascertain, whether there really was a,body there. The supposed grav.o was in a gully on the left- hand side of the line, and nearly opposite whero another supposed grave waa found. Ab soon as the party reached the grayc, both Sergeant Tborndike and Constable Tompkiiis expressed the opinion that the supposed grave w^b simply where a tree bad been blown out, and the hole left had been partly filled with dead leaves, etc. In order that overyonc should be satisfied, the shovel was got to work, and they soon fonnd bottom, for therock was only a few ,inchrfl:below the soil. This is tbe second .wild-goose chase for Sergeant Tborndike Gardek Fete.—A meeting of the genoral com* mittee of tho recent Garden Fete in connection with the Ponrith Wesleyan Circuit was held last week to settle up acoounts. The following were the gross takings as reported to the meeting by the' Treasurer, Mr F H Moshman ;—Work stall, £H 6s (id ; fancy stall, £8 Is Sd ; pooduoe, £5 Cs (yd : pot plants, £3 8s ; refreshment stalls, £5 10* ; con fectionery stall, £3 0s CJd ; gato money, £16 ; sun dries, £2 <14s lid. The expenses wore £6 7s 53, thus leaving a credit balance of £53. Tho workers who assisted in gotting up tho Feto nnd serving at the stalls, gates, etc, wero cordially tliaaked by resolution. Mr and Mrs A Judges, for placing grounds open. Rev R B FolIo*ys, for exhibiting his curios, and Mrs Scott, who got up tho tableaux, were caoh severally thanked by noparate vote. The assistance of tho ladies and gentlemen at tho pro menado concerto each evening wero also heartily acknowledged by vote. Mr A Judges roported having promises and cash which would raiBo the amount to £88, and this amount and other contri butions yot to be solicited, with tho. grant from Sydney, would wipe out tho Bank overdraft, and with the proceeds of tho quilt effort yet to be com pleted, pine? the Circuit Fund frea of dgbt,• First 1'bize.—At the Litligow Phow Mr'-'S. Gow, ot Penrith, securod first prize for beat sulky. Competitive or non-competitive, no matter what part of tho show catalogue you come under, every section in the show will be beat represented by wearing apparel bought from R. Mills, The People's Draper, Railway House.* \\- • Illness of ova Ex-Mayoe.—Alderman W. Player has been suffering several weeks from a very painful abscess. On Thursday, Dr Duodas who, was assisted by "Professor" Perritt, successfully removed tho cause of tho trouble and he is now doing very well. Hospital aturday —In another column will be found a full rnii.irr nf la«t Saturday's Hospital collections. The amounts for come portions of the sub- disttricts appear small, but when it is considered that the pnp.laUoa in Fuch 11 ires U sparse, the work entailed is very great, and the collectors deserve equal credit with those of the large portions. Painful Accident. — William Mullis, aged about 18, son of Mr Richard Mullis, Loco. Depart ment, Penrith, who was engaged as an assistant with a travelling --- chaff-cutter, met with a very painful accident at Bunglegumbone on Monday last. Mr Mullis did not hear of the affair till Wednesday night, and he proceeded by mail to Dubbo on Thursday night. No further information is to hand, except that four toes were cut off. Sensational Accident.—On Wednesday last a lad working at Mr Chapman's tannery at Jamison town, met with rather a nasty experience, which might have proved fatal. The lad, John Vaughan, was directed by the manager, Kir Dunn, to attend he ma-hino for chopping bark, and by some means he became en'angled in tho shafting, anl revolve'* •mlf-a-aoznn times with the machinery, finally beint> thrown clear, landing on his feet, but in a state •>( i itare—every Btich of clothing being dragged off nim.' Ho suffered only fr'im shock. Promotion —Mr O ^ m-boy*, who has for nnmo considerable time represented Messrs Beale an Company, the sowing mauhine and piano people, whose home was in A'indsor, has recently been promoted to tha charge of tho Parrnmatta agency, with control of Penrith as well. "Charley " will he at the Show for b rive all inforraatinn respecting tho firm'i sewii>g maohines, pianos, and organs. We-certainly con ;ratul»te anoth-r good Penrith boy, and may h> go on improving his position. "The Children's Newspaper."—We ara in receipt of the fi'flt two Copies of the " Children's Newspaper," published *>y the well-known pub lishers, Mestrs William Brooks nnd Co. This interesting little paper consists of alviut 16 -ages of r-'ading matter specially suitable for children and is isBued under the authority of tho Education Depattment of New South WuleB. . The price is only one penny, and it is published monthly, The -ditor hopes that the children will correspond with him and, send any little articles of interest for publication. Parents and t?uardians should cer ain'y encourage their-children to save up thei' oenniei and procure a copy of a most suitable and interests g paper for their amasemont and instruc tion. The printing is goodj tho illustration* numerous and well executed, and it will be passing itrange if thia paper be not a decided Bucctss., It •s certainly the "ono thing wanting" at the present time. Lateb Poltob Court.—On Thursday, before Mr A Colless, J.P.,-Thomas Mason was ordered! to nay a fine of 20), or be imprisoned for seven days, for using indecent language. On Friday, before Messrs J D 8ingle and P D Woodriff, J's.P., Arthur Joseph MoNally, alias "Ratty," and George H-nr» Box were charged in company with stealing a brush and comb, value 15?, the property of Mr TT Ewing, M.L.A., at Springwood on tho 6th January* last. These two, with a third ono, were arrested for another offence on 6th January, and tho bruBh and comb were then found In McNally'e swag. The articles were not then reported, stolen, >at after they had been sent to Parramattn the articles were reported stolen. McNally pleaded guilty and Box not guilty. They wero both found guilty and sentenced to one month's imprisonment, McNally, who was before the court under a writ of Jtabeus corpus, is to commcnct his term on. the completion of the present sentence. Spiritualism.—A gentleman who resides not a hundred miles from this office recently took it into his head to study up spiritualism. For weeks and weeks he studied hard, and alihough ha had some slight manifestations in spirit rapping, he had really never seen or conversed with a real genuine spirit. Ho was troubled somewhat in his sleep recently, and on waking somewhere about midnight, when ghosts do walk, he saw beside his bed th? figure of his deceased father. He wasn't much alarmed, for 'he expected a visit from the unknown. So, questioning the spirit, ho asked " Are you the spiiit of my father 1" " Ye?,'' said the spirit; " Are you happy?" said the questioner; "Yes," said the Bpirit. He said he was pleased to know his father was happy, and wanted to have some further conversation, but the spirit said he must get aw then, but he'd call again an l have a long chat. He departed, and the new spiritualist knew no more till he woke about daylight next morning to fiDd his watch and money gone. The ghost hasn't been seen since, 