DAY OF BEST. "HIS NAME 1MMANUEL." (By the late Bey. 6, H. SPURGEON.) . Behold, a virgin sball conceive, and bear a eon, and shall call His n«ma Immanuel.-Isaiah vii., 14\. . Hie Kingdom of Judah was In a condi tion of imminent" peril; two inonarchs had leagued against her; two nations had risen up for her destruction. - Syria and Israel were come against itfhe "walls of Jerusalem, with full intent to rnsse them to the ground, or utterly destroy that monarchy. Ahaz the king, in great trouble, exerts all 'his in genuity to defend the city; and amongst the other contrivances which his wisdom taught him, he thought it fit to cut off the waters of the upj>er pool, eo that the be siegers might be in distress for want of water. He goes out in the morning, no doubt attended by his courtiers, and goes to the conduit of the pool, intending to see after the Stoppage of the stream of water; but, lo! he meets with something which sets aside bis plans, rendering them needless, Isaiah steps forward, ana tells him not to be afraid of the smoke of those two fire brands, for God shall utterly, destroy both the nations that had risen up against him; thai he need not fear the present invasion, for both hdmepflf and Iris kingdom should be saved. Ahaz looked at Isaiah with an eye of incredulity, as much, as to say, "If the Lord were to send chariots from heaven, could such a thing as tdiis be? Should he animate the dust, and quicken every stone in Jerusalem to resist my foes, could that l>e done, could I eshape?" Isaiah, seeing the littleness of his faith, tells him to ask a sign'. "Ask it," says he, "in the heavens above; let the sun go back has ten degrees, or let the moon stop in her midnight marches; let the stars move athwart the sky in grand procession; ask any sipn you please in the heavens above, or, if you wish, choose the earth be neath; let the depths give forth the sign; let some mighty waterspout lose its way across the pathless ocean1, and travel through the air to Jerusalem's very gates; let the heavens shower a golden rain, in stead of the watery fluid which usually they distil; ask that the fleeue may be wet upon the dry door, or dry 'in the midst of dew: whatsoever you please to request, the Lord will grant it for the confirmation of your faith. Ahaz, instead of accepting this offer with all gratitude, as he should have done, with a pretended humility declares that he will not ask, neither wi'll he tempt, the Lord his God. Whereupon, Isaiah, waxing indig nant, tells him that since he will not, in obedience to God's command, ask a sign, behold the Lord himself will give him one -not simply a sign, but the sign, the sign and wonclen of the world, t'he mark of God's mightiest mystery and of His con summate wisdom. For "a virgin aliall con ceive, and bear a son, and shall call His name Immanuel." It has been said"that tihe passage I have taken for my text is, in- some respects, a difficult one. It may be. I certainly did not think it was so until I saw what the commentators had to say . about it, and I rose up from reading them perfectly con fused. It is certain that the Evangelist Matjthew, quoting this very passage, says, "As it is written, behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, anid: shall call His name Immanuel." And it is evident that Immanuel, who was here predicted to be born, could not be a mere simple man; for if you turn, to the next chapter, at the 8th. ver.'«, you find it said - "lie shall pass through Judah; He shall overflow and go over; He shall reach even 'to tihe neck"; and tihe stretching out of his wings shall fill tihe breadth of thy land, 0 Immanuel." Here is a government ascribed to Immanuel, which could ntvt be if \v; were to suppose thte't the Imma'nuel here spoken of was any ordinary mortal. Indeed, such a view would be far below the height of this great argument;. It does not speak, or allow us to speak, one- half of the wiomlrous depth which, couched beneath this mighty pas sage. One view of the text., which is ithe most popular of all, is 'to refer the passage, finst of all, to some child that was then to be born, and afterwards, in the highest! s.ense, to our b'le-s d Lord Jesus Christ. Perhaps ?this is the true sense of it; perhaps this is tihe best way of smoothing difficulties. But I do think, had I never read those books at all, but simply oome to tlis Bible, with out} knowing what any man had written upon it. I should have eaid - '"There is Christ were as plainly as possible; never oould His name have been written more le gibly." . 1 shalltake my text, therefore, as con." cerninc Jesus Qhriat; and let us commence with we birth-"Behold, & virgin. Whall con ceive, and bear a eon." Tie birth! "Let us go even unto Beth lehem, and see 4;his great sight," said the shepherds. "Let us follow «ne star in the eky," said the eastern magi. And so let us go and Stand by the manger, to behold the commencement of the incarnation of Jesus. Leti us see the time when first God enve loped Himself in mortal form, and taber nacled among the sons of men. Let us not blush to go to so humble a spot. Let ua stand by that grotto, that cave in the side of the rock, and ht us sqp Jesus Christ, the Man-God, become an infant. 1\. And first, we see hene, in speakingof this birth, a miraculous conception. The text says expressly-"Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son." This expression is unparalleled in Sacred Writ. Of no other ?woman could it be said beside the Virgin Maiy; and of no other man could it be written that his mother was a virgin. The Greek Word and the Hebrew are both very expressive of the true anid real virginity of the mother, to show us that Jesus Christ was bom of a woman, and not of man. We dha.ll not enlarge upon the thought, but still ill is an important one, and ought not to be passed over without mention. Just as the woman, by iher venturous spirit, stepped first into transgression, God, in His wisdom, devised that the woman, Jest she should be despised and traimpjprj upon, and tine woman alone should be the author of the body of the Man-God Who dh'ould redeem mankind. Albeit that she herself first tasted the accursed fruit, and tempted her thiusfl>and-it may be that Adam, ou!t of love to her, tasted that fruit -Jest she should be degraded, lest she should not stand on an equality with h6m. God had ordained that so jt should be that His Son should be sent forth "born of a woman;" and the first piromise ran "The seed of the woman," not the seed of the man, "shall bruise the serpent's head." And, moreover, there was a peculiar wis dom that Jesus Christ should be the son of the woman, and not of the man, because, had He been born of the flesh, "that which is born ofTJhe flesh as flesh," and merely flesh, and he would naturally, by carnal generation, have inherited all the frailties, and the infirmities, and the sins which man liaith from Wis birth. He would have been "conceived in sin, and shapen in iniquity," even as the rest of us; and, therefore, He was not born of a man; but the Holy Ghost overshadowed the Virgin Mary, and He stands, therefore, aa the only one who came ror'th pure from His Maker's hands who could ever say, "I am pure." Aye, and He oould say far more than that other Adam concerning his purity; for He main tained Iris lintegrlby, and never let it go, an'd 'from His birth down to His death He knew no sin, neither was guile found in his lips. Oh, marvellous sight! A child of a virgin! I jet us stand and look at it. What a mixture! There is the finite and the infinite; there is the mortal and the immortal, corruption and incorruption, the manhood and the Godhead; time married to eternity, God linked with a creature; the infinity o'f the August Maker come to tabernacle on this speck of earth; the vast, unbounded One, whom earth oould not hold and heavens oa>nnot contain, lying in liis mother's arms; He who fastened the pillars of the universe, and rivetted the nails of creation, hanging on a mortal breast, dependent on a creature for nou rishment! Oh, marvellous birth! Oh, mi raculous conception! We stand,^and gaze, and admire. Verily, angels may wish to look into a subject too deep for uis to apeak of. There we leave it. A virgin hath con ceived, and borne a son. 2\. In this birth, moreover, having no ticed the miraculous conception, we must -notice next the humble parentage. It doea not say a princess shall conceive and beax a son,'but a "virgin." Her virginity was her highest honour; she had none other. True, she was of royal lineage; - ff'ie could reckon David among 'her forefathers, and Solomon amongst those who stood in the tree ot£ her genealogy. . She was ft woman rot to be despised, al beit that I. speak of humble parentage; tor she was of the blood royal of Judea. Oh, Bi.be! in Thy veins there runs the blood of kinds' the blood of an ancient monarchy fintfs its way from Thy heart all through the courses of Thy body. Thou wa^t bom not of mean parents, if we look at their ancient ancestry; for Thou art the Son of Him who ruled the mightiest monarchy in his day-even Solomon; and Thou art the descendant of one who devised in r bis heart to build a temple for the mighty (Sod of . Jacob! *'Nor was His mother, in point of intellect; an inferior woman. I taue it that she bad great strengthjjf mind, other wise she could not have composed BO swept a piece of poetry as that which begins: 'My soul doth magnify the Lord." ' She is not a person to be demised. "Blessed 'art thou -among women. Fiom henceforth all-generations shall call :thee blessed." I' suppose Protectant generations are amongst the "all generations" who ought to call her. blessed. Her name is Mary; and qi.aint George Herbert wrote an anagram upon it "Well doth her name an army represent Wherein the Lord 0/ Hosts doth pitch His tent." Though tfhe was not a princess, yet her name, Mary, by interpretation, signifies a princess; arid though she be mot the queen ?nf heaven, yet she Eas a right to be reckon ed amongst the queens of the earth; ahdj though erne be jjot the Lady of our Lord, yet does she walk amongst the renowined ana mighty women of Scripture. Yet Jesus Christ's birth was an humble one Strange that the Lord of glory Was not born in a palace! Princes, Christ owes you nothing. Princes, Christ is not your debtor. Ye did not swaddle Him -He Was not wrapped in purple; ye had not pre pared a golden cradle _ for «Him to be roc-iced in. Queens, ye did not dandle Him upon your knees; He hung not at your breasts. And ye mighty cities, which then were great and famous, your marble halls were -not . blessed- with his little footsteps. He came out of a village, ruined and despis ed, even Bethlehem; and He was not born 1® governor's house, or in the mansion of the chief man, but in a manger. And the oxen, likely enough, came to feed from the seli-same manger, the hay and the fod der of which was His only bed. Oh, won drous stoop of condescension - that our blessed Jesus should be girded with humi lity- tha^t lie stooped so low. Ah! if lie stooped, why shouild He bend to such a birth. And if .Ha bowed, why should He submit, not simply to becomc the son of poor parents, but to be born in so miser able a place? Let us take courage here, t ' Christ was born in a stable, why should-not the stable of our souls be made an habitation for Him? If He was born in poverty, why not the r/oor im spirit expect that He will be their Friend? If He thus endured degradation at the firwt, will He count it anv dishonour to come to the verv pooi-est arid humbles): _pt' His creatures, and tabernacle in the souls ot His children? Oh no' we ran gather a lesson of comfort from Hih Iiumhln parentage; ain<] wo can re ]oice that an humble woman became the mother of the Lord of glory. 3 But Vet we mu.st take one more re mark upon His birth before we pass away from it, and our third remark shall be a trlorioiia birthday! With all the """I'l'tv that surrounded the birth of librifit, there was vet very much that wa.« slonrms, very mueh that, was honourable. No other man ever had such a birthday ? as JesuH Christ. Of whom had prophets, and seers ever written? Whose name is graven on so mnnv tablets as His' Who has such a serill of propheev all pointing him as Jem.® Christ, the Man 1*1 X * Ji«n, recollect, his bintV When did (rod ever hang a frr<-ih lamp in the sky to announce the birth of a Cae.-iar? Caesar's may come, and th.£v may die. but stars s-hal) never prophesy their birth. When did angels -stoop from heaven and sing choral symphonies on the hi nth of a mighty man? JVay, all ofcbrre are passed by: but see, in heaven there is a great light shining, and a song is heard, "Glory :to God in the highest: on earth peace, goodwill towards men." His birth is not despicable, evem if we eon aider the visitors who came around His cr 1 j0- Shepherds came fir.Mt, unguiided and unled, to Beth 1 ell 1 em; the wise men, direct ed by the- star, came next; awl both to gether, the representative mi:n of the two bodies of mankind, 'the rirh and the poor, knelt around thi.iit manger: and frankin cense, and spices, and rnvrrh, and all pre cious gifts were offered to that Child who was the Pi':nee of the kings of the earth," who in ancient times was ordained to sit upon itihe throne of His father J>avi<] and in the wondrous future to rule all king doms with his rod of iron. "Behold, a. vir gin .maJJ conceive, and bear a son." ,, f -And mow we come to the Child's name. And feflie ah all call ih.is name Immanuel." Oh! here is a^sweet name to give Him. Ishe shall osll His name Immanuel." Mothers m olden time did oj.ll tiheir chil dren by names which had meaning in them; they did not give 'them unmeaningly the names of eTniinent persons; but they had names full of meaning, which recorded some circumstance of their birth. There was Cain-"I have gotten a man from the Lord, said his mother, iam:d she called him Lain, There was Seth-"God has given us another son inwtead of AbeJ." Then came Noah-"In this child we have rest:" and they called him "Best.' Ishmael was so called by his mother because God had "heard her. ifiiac was called ''J'romise," be cause he iva-s rite son or promise. Jacob was caLed 'The Supplanter," or "The Crafty One, because he supplumted 'his brother. We might point out many similar in stances. Perhaps this custom was a good one amongst the Hebrews, though the pecu liar formation of our language would not frequently allow us to do the same; and therefore we see that the Virgin Mary call ed her Son Immanuel that there might be a meaning in it. "God -with us." My soul, ring these words out! "God with us!" Oh, it is one of the bells of heaven! Let us strike it yet again. "God with us!" Oh, it is a stray note from the sonnets of Para dise! "God witli us!" Oh, it is the lisping of a eeraph! "God with us!" Oh, it one of the notes of the. singing of Jehovah, when He rejoices over His Church with singing! "God with us!" Tell it! tell it! tell it! This is the name of the new-born King. Hark, the herald angels sing! Believer, lie is God with tliee, to protect thee; thou art not alone, because the Sa viour is with thee. Put me in the desert, where vegetation grows not; I can still say, "God with us." Put me on the wild ocean, and let my ship dance madly on the waves; I would still say, "Immanuel, God with us." Mount me on the sunbeam, and let me fly beyond the western sea; still I would say, "God with us." Let my body dive down into the depths of the ocean, and let me sleep in its caverns; still I could as a child Of God, «ay, "God with us." Aye, and in the grave, sleeping there an corruption and destruction, still I can see the footmarks of Jesus; He trod the path of all His people, and still it is "God with us." Now, a happy Christmas to you a31; ami it will be a haippy Christmas if you have God with you. Do not feast as if you wish ed to keep the festival of Bacchus; do not Jive as if you adored some heathen divinity. Celebrate your Saviour's birth. Do not be ashamed to be glad; you have a right to ba. God says, "Go thy way; eat thy bread with joy; let thy garments be always white, and let thy head lack no ointment." Keligion never was designed To make our pleasures leak Go your way; rejoice together. But, in your feasting, think of the Man in Betnle kem; let Him have a place in ? vonr heart*.. *hd give Him the glory ' 