THE HOUSE ON THE EMBANKMENT. By Cech. Hayter " Well," said lira Denton, " what does the agent aay I Can't wo have the home ! l'vo positively fallen in love with it." Mr Denton laughed and shrugged his aHfinUflFii. 44 My dear, you can have it if you like j the rent is low enongh, goodness knows. Why, the plaoe is cheaper than that wretched little box of a house wo took last winter. The question ia not whether yon can have it, but whether you will eare to." "What on earth do yon mean?" re torted Mrs Denton sharply. She had epent a weary week house-hunting, and was proportionately fractious. 11 Care to I Ot course I shall eare to. My dear crea ture, haven't 1 told yon over and over Again that it will suit us to perfection ? What are yon making so much mystery t about P I suppose there is nothing against i the honse, is there ?" i " That ia juat the point. People are foolish enough to hsve got it into their heads that there is. It really sounds too absurd at the end of this prosaic nine- I teenth century, but the fact is everyone j persists in saying that the place is haunted." "Haunted 1 What nonsense ! " That's exactly what 1 said to the ! agent. He laughed at the idea himself. Nevertheless, he told me some extraordi- I nary facts in connection with the place. ! It seems that for the last two generations, I off and on, atrange rumors have connected themselves with the house, and very often I it has stood untenanted for years and years. | " To quote from tho agent's more pet- | Bona! knowledge of tho case, during the last ten years there have only been elevon 1 mouths out of that whole period in which a tenant could be induced 'o live in it. j Tha owners— some people called Barsing- ton — whose family it haa belonged to for years, "keep it in most excellent repair, wilh a view to letting ; but uothing will induce any of thorn to live there. They are perfectly frank and straightforward about it, and have given the agent instructions tb?.t he is to mention the fact of its being haunted to any intending tenant. At first they tried to hush the matter up ; but many years' experience j has proved to them the futility of such an attempt. The agent himself jeers at the idea, and says that it iB all rubbish. The I honse ia beautifully furnished, and in I splendid repair. " Moreover, he has never been able to ascertain any definite facta or details as to the haunting. There appear to be no in- iured ladies in white raiment and chains j who intrude at stated intervals, not oven f a goblin who screams in conventionally I blood curdling tones. If there ts any- thing wrong with the place, nobody seems to be able to givo one any satisfactory description of what is wrong." Mrs Denton stared in a puzzled sort of way, as well she might . " It'e extremely annoying, she earn, I " moat annoying 1 I had made up my mind to have that house — 1 took a fancy to it directly I saw it ; but 1 suppose it's impossible now. Of course," she added, hastily, "1 don't believe in anything of the aort myself ; but you know what aer- I vauts are— directly they hoard a syllable I about a ghost they would leave in a I 'Mdhoats,' interposed Nurah Ililton E decisively, " are purely creations of tho imagination. So-called supernatural ap- I pcarances are induced by continuity of I impression on the retina. I Korah was Sirs Denton's yonnger sis- ter, and possessed about three times aB I much strength of character as Mrs Denton I herself. Very handsome, eelf-willcd, I and good- natured, she read annually an I enormous number of books— about one- | twentieth part of which she understood— under the impreaslonjthat by so domg ahe | was improving her mind. I Also she had one virtue or failing, I whichever yon are pleased to consider it. | She was as obstinate as all the mules I | havo ever met, though, naturally, abe I preferred to have it called strength of ( ml" Ghosts 1" ahe continued scornfully. I "Really, Nelly "—turning to Mrs Denton I —"one would think yon had been I brought up in the Middle Agca !" I " But I don't believe in them, Norah— I honestly I don't I ' pleaded her elder sis- I tcr. "Only when you come to have a I houBe of yonr own you'll know what a I bother servants are ; and if the slightest I thing upseta them off they go, and you I have to spand monthB making a new collcc I tlon. And — and servants always believe I in gboBts." . , .... I 44 Well, that is easily sottlod. Ill go I to the house and interview the ghost my- I self 1" retorted Norah. I 44 You'll do nothing of the sort I said | Air Denton, looking up sharply. His voice was unnaturally grave and stern, and it was evident that ho hod heard more from the agent Urn" he had chosen to dis close in his half-jesting description. 44 No. Norah : please don't play any tricks of that kind," said Dick Marston, who was Bitting at the far end of the din ner-table. 44 It wouldn't do for you to be going about with your 4 hair turned white in a single night,' or anything of that sort. It would be bard lines on me, tc say the least of it." 44 Don't be stupid, Dick said Norah. 4 Haven't I told you that i don't believe in anything of the sort ? Ghosts are merely matters of weak nerves or ill- health j and my nerves are not what you could truthfully call weak. Moreover, my good sir, we are not married yet, aud if I've got to bo obedient to you after marriage it's only fair that you should be my abject slave before that coremonyso there 1" and she made him a mocking kSerioualy, said Mr Denton, 4you mustn't play any tricks of thatsort. I quite agree with all you say -but, then, there are other things than ghosts. There may be someone who has an interest in keeping the house untenanted. Mr Wil liam Sites, for Instance, may find it con-, venient; and he is a far more trouble- some material affair than a whole legion of apooka." Mrs Denton, who had been watching ' Norah's face, hastily changed tee subject, and ao foe tee time the matter dropped. But none of thorn had calculated on the girl's extreme persistency, nor had they reckoned on tho fact teat quite acciden tally ahe had q&cn; the keys of tee house lying on the ball-table on her way down to dinner, Mr Denton having teem tem porarily in his charge. She knew this house quite well, .faari|i& ipent an hour or so iu going oyer it witb Mrs Denton the day before ; so, whefiehe went to her room, having saidg5od- aight to the others, her mind was fully made up, aud sho began her preparations at once. Two rcaBonB impelled her to carry out the plan in her head. Firstly, ahe wished to vindicate herself in the iyes of Mr Denton, who at time was apt to laugh at her about her theories, scien tific or otherwise. Socondly, it was the kind of mad freak which, if the truth be told, wm what bliss Norah's soul han kered after. Having annexed the keys on her way upstairs, the rest of her preparations did not take long. She changed her dinner- dress for a warm, dark cloth walking one, armed herself with a oouple of novels and all the spare candloB she could find in her room, a box of matches, and a wrap com pleted her outfit, Just as she was about to turn out the light & sudden thought crossed her mind. Going to a drawer in her dressing-table, she drew out a small mother-of-pearl- handled revolver. It had been a present from Marston when they were in the country in the summer ; and ho had taught her how to u&o; it. It was a pretty enough toy, of small calibre ; but she had been able to manage some useful shooting with it at a short range. She slipped it into her pocket, together with a few spare cartridges, turned out the light, and crept noiselessly down stairs. As bad luck would have it, she crossed the hall and got out unobserved. It was a clear bright night outside, though raMier chilly, and a brisk walk of some ten minutes' duration brought her on to the Embankment. Turning westwards, she pursued lier way, and less than half a mile further on found herself opposite the house in ques tion. It was, or rather is, for it still stands there, an old house of considerable size, built In the Queen Anne's style. A short flight of shallow steps led up to the front door, over whicn was a richly and heavily carved panel. The front of the house was sparsely covered with sorne kind of creeper. A small space, hardly to be dignified by the name of a garden, sepa- rated the house from the street, and was surrounded by a high wall and railings and two heavy wrought-iron gates. A quaint, comfortable-looking house to all appearances— more suggestive of nuts and old port and Sheraton furniture than of ghosts ; but, for obviouB reasons, I cannot indicate it more particularly. MisB Hilton paBsed through tho big metal gates, which Btood ajar, and, run ning lightly up the steps, inserted her key in the lock and pushed open tke front door. A little chill of apprehension passed over her as she crossed the threshold. Sho, perhaps, for the (test time realised teat even for the best of nerves an empty, deserted house in the dead of night has uncanny possibilities. How ever, being a person of considerable reso lution and common Bense, she did not give herself time to hesitate, but, closing the door after her, abe lit one of the candles, and walked boldly into the centre of the hall. Her footsteps rang hollow on the bare polished floor, and the echoes of the slightest sound seemed to increase and multiply themselves till they filled the house, and ran whispering down the long, deserted corridors. She had already made up her mind where she iuteoded to pass the night. On her previous visit to tne house with Airs Denton she recollected having noticed a particularly comfortable old-fashioned chair in the front drawingroom ; with that and a small table for her books and candiesticko (of which latter there were an abundance in the house), she consi dered that she would be ablo to wait for the morrow with, at any rate, a minimum of discomfort. The drawingroom door was old and stiff, and she had some difficulty in open ing it. At last, however, it yielded with a crash that made the house reverberate from attic to cellar ; in addition to which the sudden draught came near to blowing out her candle. The combination of the two thiogs momentarily startled her; but, after a second's hesitation, and with a little laugh at her own foolishness, she conti nued her way. The first thing obviously was to havo more light. A short tour of inspection produced four candlesticks ; two of thcBQ she placed on the mantel piece over the big fireplace, and two more heavy silver ones, which particularly pleased her, she eel ou & small tabic near her chair. The room was very large and lofty, and had little furniture in it compared with some of the other rooms. What there was, however, was old and quaint, and of rather a stiff design, the severity of the Hues being enhanced by tee brown holland coverings. All the pictures on the walls were also wrapped np, which gave to the place rather a funereal air. She settled herself down in her cha'.r and began to read. For the first half- hour all went well, but when that amount of time bad elapsed, she began to get restless. A glanceat her watch showed her that it was only half-past twelve. She shivered a little and tried to resume her reading, but to concentrate her mind on the printed pages of the book became an impossibility ; and in spite of herself Bhe was conscious that she was keeping her souses strained to catch the slightest sound, and every now and again her glance wandered furtively round the room, as though to assure herself that the positions of things were unaltered. This constant state of expectancy, which in itself argued great nervous tension, began to tell on her. Sho felt that it would be a positive relic! fur something to happen ; the overwhelming stillness and desolation of the place was sapping nor courage. At last, with an apprehensive look over her shoulder, she moved her table and chair up agaiuBt the great curtains , covering one of the windows, and arranged so that she conld see the whole room at once without turning. The noise of moving the things did her good, and restored her to her normal frame of mind for the moment. But as aoon as tho overwhelming silence took possession again, her previous sensations returned with renewed force, and perhaps for tho first time in hor life sue Qnaemooa ine iuu meauiug ox toe word terror. Her Hps and throat were dry, and her heart waB palpitating with an irregular throbbing, which seemed to shake her whole body. If she could have got up and left the house then and there she would willingly have done so ; but she know that sho dare not face the staircase and the big square hall again in darkness. So all- pervading wob the silence that she scarcely dared to alter her cramped position in the chair- A second glance at her watch showed her that it was nearly two o'clock. She polled out her revolver and laid it on the table beside her ; the sight of it, toy though it was, gave her a momentary sense of security. Another hour of agonisod suspense had nearly dragged away, when, far down in tee depths of the house, a stair creaked. Norah glanced apprehensively at the door and listened, straining her ears to tee uttermost. A long pause followed of intense stillness ; then another creak, fainter than the first, but nearer, as if whatever It was that approached was treading with greater care. Slowly, with long intervals between each sound, the footsteps, if footsteps thoy wore, seemed to approach. The last step was reached, and still Norah aat motionless, her eyes staring at tbo door spellbound — paralysed with terror. She could hear her breath coining in short gasps between the intervals of the creaking stairs. Her gaze was ri vetted on the brass handle of tee door— it was s email objcot to seb dearly at that distance and in that uncertain light — and -she glared at It, wailing for tho slightest discernible movement. All of a sudden she realised to ber horror that tbo door was open, and opening slowly towards her, though she had never seen the handle turn nor heard a sound. With a convulsive movement she snatched tho revolver from the table and stood up, her pulses quivering and throbbing. She longed to call out or scream, but Bhe was incapable of making' a sound. By a frantic effort of will she managed to clutch -at the window-curtains with a vague idea of escape ; but all the time tho door wae slowly opening, without noise, without haste, but with a uniform, almost imperceptible, movement. Now it was almost wide open. She extended her arm in readiness to fire if need be \ but nothing appeared, and tee little revolver described wavering circles as she pointed it vaguely at the empty blackness of the staircase beyond. Then, worst horror of all, the door began tc close, still quite slowly, and moving under the influence of no visible agency. She felt that she was being shut up in this great gaunt room, alone with an invisible adversary — an intangible, im material, horrible something I She felt its presence, but she could see nothing, hear nothing — only in the far corner of tho room ehe fancied ehe could detect a faint blur of mist which blotted out the objects behind it, and was advancing slowly towards her. Flesh and blood could stand no more. With a stifled cry, half-sob, half-scream, sheraised the revolver and fired ; the waver ing mist- wreath was obscured for a moment by the smoke, and then, as the latter cleared away, she saw it, indistinct and unaltered, advancing slowly as before. She fired again, but with no result. Her lips worked convulsively in an ecstasy of fear, and the muscles of her hands twitched and pulled this way and that as Bhe fum bled with the trigger. There were four shots left ; ehe fired them rapidly in quick succession, neither knowing nor caring where they went, and with one long shrill, despairing scream that echoed through the house— her arms stretched oat to ward the hor ror off— she fell forward on her face in merciful unconsciousness. And lying so they found her some hours later, in the morning. Oae of the maids had discovered that her room was unoccupied. Mr Denton guessed at the truth at once, and, with Marston and a policeman, whom they picked on the way, they hurried to the house. The true explanation will probably never be ascertained. Norah herself was dangerously ill for Borne weeks, and even after her recovery the doctors ordered people to epeak to her about the matter as little as possible, Bit by bit, however, she told what little she had to tell, and Mr Denton and the owner of the house entered into a long communication on the subject. But, though the latter had a similar experience to recount, as had also one of his brothers, no explanation was forth coming. It has since been determined that some time in the near future the house shall be pulled down. In ihat c are some solution of the myBtery may he arrived at — whj shall say ? Thcro are many myetcrics of which, even at the end of this nineteenth century, it may not be fitting for us to know the explanation. 