Railway Collision. . .-:o: .. ON THE WEST WALLSEND COMIE GOMPANYWI LINE. PEBILOUS PI?O?T OF PAENGEB SENSATIONAL EXPEIENINES. NeWosA E, Saturday A sesocUv aocideot occurred on the Wallsend Obal Company's line on Wednesa night. It appears that a train of about 30 ce: laden tracks and a carriage with.si pa gero left the toDwhip, but, when near the y line at Cockle Creek, it was found that t were only 12 trucks with the emgie 1 passenger earriage. The driver's frst itn tion of the affair was on looking round to the 22 nocoupled trocke coming down incoline with great force. Be the; asl out to the passengers, "For God's sake, jump out to the passeeaers, " For God'e rake, jpe;' This they did with alacrity, and'ladl eud t swamp kneedeep. SBoarcely had they . from the oarriage than the collision took p The frames of several trooks were hrlrcd air, and two trocks were broken beyond re The damage is estimated at from £500. t Three of the passengers were ladies. Ted them are shobol teachers, nd one of gave an interesting scoosnt of the acrid follows:-" We were ordered to jum,, p as nsenal, wanting to know why sand was going to land, was the lart toi It was very dark, and when Ijunmped do rough embankment, I :lfound. myself ith oompanions knee deep in a swamp. A a, man, thinking he weeas too alos to the r. for we were only a few yards lrom it further afield, and was bhried in rcen water almost to his ebid. We did nt as' humorous side of the situation at the time, I have since hasd a laugh. Alter the to n the man who had found deep water, :i lously asked permission ato comse a. se and he afterwards stood bj a fire to r A few eoonds before the collision we icon condition of terrible suspense. The ;eesur one of my oompanions saved both our iced o; my effort to.saveher from drowsing pgr~eentt my losing eosocloueaso. We all opepse·.,ts be killed, an~ we certainly aheuod ha?e bean had the weiglt of the debris fallen ie:o the water in which we w8re standing, anod no. the opposite side of the line.. Wet, oeld, ek1 and looking like ghosts, we laed I c7.t at Cockle Creek till 20 minutes pent 9 fIor a traip to Newcastlo.--"Evening NosS." 