[?] Bliorfc Story, The Minister's Ghost Story. *' -3ood-nigbt, bairns! M'lvor, -.see j that they a' gang to bod at a reasonable j hour, aud dinun sit up late yosseU. The | morn's the i'ast Day, mind, and ye've to 1 preach.' | WJth these words tlie Rev. Dugald M'K^anon took h:-s r-andle, and beamed roum'«. on tho company. 1 . ' Good - night. sir ! Good - sight, father!' they responded, .with much deferfnee. ' No, we won't 6tay up late.' The door closed, and the old gentle man's footsteps were heard a^ccudinjr the stsirs:. 'XoV?. Mr. M'.Ivor,' said one of the prirls. ?''ajrerly. ' remember your nro liiise.' 'Cerfa5rily. Miss Janet.' answered the gentlei'ah. rising with much gravity. ' I intend to sit a few minutes later my self. Inu I- promised to see. the rest of you off. T am glad.' he continued, pro ceeding to liirlir the candles. ' that Miss .Tanet should be the one to call- me to a ncn^o of ? ' ' Fiddlesticks.' said Janet, a tall, bright-faced girl in a dress of soft crimson, which suited her admirably. She was sitting on a low stool before the fire, trying to shield her flushed cheeks from the blaze with a huge crimson Japanese fan. 'Don't be a humbug. Mr. M'lvor : you know what I mean— that ghosr story you promised to tell us.' ' Do tell it. Mr. M'lvor !' ' I'd rather hear about pirates,' said Bobby M'Kinnon. a schoolboy of 12. ' Gliosis are such awful rot.' ' Then you can go to bed,' retorted Janet. ' I'll do nothing of the kind,' said Bobby, much insulted. ' Go to bed yourself.' ' You may remain if you beiave jour self.' said Janet, surveying him calmly. 'Mr. M'lvor. T shan't lenve the room until you have told that story.' ' Is it the will of the company that their young blood be frozen and curdled in darkness ? It is a real ghost, remem ber.' ' How delicious,' murmured one of the girls. ' Very well. Don't blame ine if you can't sleep to-night.' He extinguished the lamp as he spoke, and resumed his seat. The firelisrht played on bis. dark face, and he looked witb Ms spare form. thin, keen features, and great hollow eyes like a Romish priest worn out with fasting and penance. There was a- pause, during which tlie company sat' silent and expectant, and the young minister gazed at the fire as If fascinated by something he saw, there. At last he drew a long breath. ' You bnow wliat eecond jsiglit is.' lie began, turning his melancholy eyes on Joey Keith, the girl who thought real ghosts delicious. She shuddered slightly. 'I p6ssesfe!that doubtful gift.' he went on in il quioV. serious voice. ' Appari tions. ghostly coffins. shadows of funerals— all these things I have seen, often, in my Own parish ' ' Many rimes I have heard the tapping of hammers aud sawing of wood in tli*- carpenter's shop after his day's work was done, telling tbat death was coming. Three nights before a deatb the sounds- are heard — it never fails-' ? \- The speaker paused, and his audience shivered and «at a little closer. ' It is; just a year since T went to preach for Alexander of BarnsYrae. There Is nothing at all suggestive o£ the stroernatnral about either him orchis wife, but- the manse Was big and eerie, full of draughty corridors and wide fctairensw. It had been 'an old mansion, and there was a story connected with It. Alexander sf! id. but he would not tell it tha t night. 'We sat- talking over' old collejre days.- lie and I, 'until long past midnight. Then we lit our candles, and Alexander led tbe way. to my-toom. ! I should have had difficulty .In finding the way myself, for itwas.up -a: wide staircase «nd along ji '^oWidor with a number of doors on either side. I trod softly, fearing to disturb tbe household, but Alexander assured me the caution was unnecessary. I was alone in' Jhat part of the house. I am inot a rierfous man. but I should have ^referred ooe or two neighbours. My room 'was aVthe very end of the corridor— a cheerful apartment by day; when 'the sun shone In. but at tliafhour. with the moonlight casting strange shadows on -everything, it was eerie. . * 1r{ *'T said good-night to my host, and] retired to my rest when I had convinced myself that a certain suspicious-looking shadow on the lawn was caused bv a tree. I was not at all sleepy : eo after a time I sat up. lit thd candle that stood on a small table by tbe bedside^, and began to look over my sermon. Then I selected the Psalms to be sung, and bad Just fixed 011 three, when I felt a sudden rush of cold air. and looted up. As surely as I am sitting here— as surely as , you are listening — ' 1 * Ian M'lvor raised bis hand itnpres ?ively 4«nd looked round With an un earthly light in. his, eyes. - ' The door openea 'slowly, and a woman glided in.' Joey Heith «hrieked and hid her face on Janet's shoulder. ' I thought I had locked ' the ; door ; but evidently I was mistaken, and I concluded that this was one of the maids walking in her sleep. I lay back on rny pillow-s and watched tbe: intruder^ hardly dnjring io breathe lest she- should turn and 'see'me. for the thought of her suddenly - wa ki ng and finding herself in my room wis em |Mnti8(?ing^fc\Then - in ^a ! motn^nt the truth flashed ttpo'n mfe, for in the clear moonlight I^saw her, plainly. -I had drawn lip tbe. blind ; and while my .bed was In RliRdow. by the- window it was almost as light' as day^ This waft no servant , f-Her long, beiutiful hair was unbound, rippling. In golden waves below , her iva tet. Her dress was loose and flowing, of some shimmering white staff— 4t minded ioae of 'White, ^amite, mystic, wonderful.' , Once she ,turned her- face towftt^s tn-e-^a beau^jfui fJice, bnt pale . and drawn with' angiiisb, .and thq^M ^idifisa^'boWoc: ' ^ I to more or sfHMktiftbat llmbe and jtongne ptoralyseg. :(r ^be moaned piteously WtwtrAwAi ; homx3 glidfflSitoiihefWliidbw «ind threw wiling of a litne cbild outslde.^«3^fe^oSrian tbrttw ^ut and fsed Tli eh si-methlng of what Bel sbazxar must hate feit when he saw the fingers that wrote— mene, tekel, up- - banrin . 'Taien the moon went under a chmd' ~«o4 Uxf§ jtoIn s^Bk m « jrhkq^r ' I saw that my candle was burning with a blue fiame. My hair stood .m end. T would have given all I possessed to find myself in the study downstairs, but I could neither move hand nor foot, and. if I could, who knows what I might have iseen in that long corridor. Those empty rooms— I dared not pass them ! I lay back helplessly watching that tragedy of bygone days. 'There was another awful cry. and again there came - the pitiful wailing from outside, fainter than before, and dying away in the distance. To this day, when I read of Rachel mourning for her children, Jjhat cry rings in my ears. There seemed to be a struggle, the window was forcibly closed, thp woman sank cn the floor with hanifs clasped aud the beautiful face upturned in agony. Then the moon shone out. and slowly the vision faded.' There was a long silence when Ian had finished speaking. Then Janet spoke. ' Who was she ? What was her etorv. I Mr. -rivor ?' * | ' Alexander told me the story nest j d;iy. Margaret Elliot of Barnstrae. a I beautiful and high-spirited girl, fell in love with ajfd secretly married her ! brother's tutor. When the marriage was discovered he was in ICdiiiburgh : preparing a home for his wife, and on his return there was a terrible scene. , for 'Mrs. Elliot was another T^ady Ash- j ton. She told him that Ms wife had j been sent to a French convent, and the ! poor fellow, mad with grief, went abroad in search of her. It was a false- 1 hood, of course. Margaret never left her mother's house alive. Her little child was taken away one night, and Margaret in despair rried to j throw herself from the window of that very room I slept in. She died soon after of a broken heart. It all hap pened long ago — last century. I believe.' ' Poor girl.' said .Toe v. softlv. I liked that bit about tlie candle burning blue,' said Janet pensively : ' it made me creep.' ' I should like to see a ghost,' said Bobby. 'Hush!' said Ivor, holding up a warning hand. ' What is that ?' Pit-pat. pit-pat, came the sound of soft footstep-s on the s?tair. The girls j looked at each other fearfully, and j Bobby turned very pale. Ian grasped I the poker with one hand and throw j his other arm protecringly round Janet. Pit-pat, pit-pat. It was coming nearer. Bang I Joey screamed, and fell fainting in lan's arms. He rose, gently deposited her on the couch, and opened the door, j Something flew past with a wild cry. Bobby howled, thinking his hour was come. ' Who Is tbat ?' /Can demanded, sternly. ' M'lvor. is that you ?'' said a quaver ing voice from the darkness. ' Augels and ministers of grace de fend us ! A light. Ian, quick !' ex claimed Ivor, bending over a hcau at the foot of the stairs. _ Ian dropped the poker and struck a ! light, and Janet followed him into the I passage. ' Oh !' she ejaculated iu dismav. It was the Rev. Dougald M'Kiiinon. ; in ni.ghreap and dressing-gown, with an extinguished taper in one hand, a stick in the or.her. and a large japanned iea tray on the top of him. They helped the old gentleman to his feet, and took him into the room to ? recover. ; ' I'm all right, bairns.' he said, when ; he had been revived witli a mouthful of whisky. ' Whatever brought you downstairs, father T' a^sked Janet, hovering over him affectionately with tlie bottle. ' I heard voices, my dear, and thought it was burglars. Then, when I got to rhe foot of the stair I -tripped on the cat and knocked over the tray.' j ' The cat ! That accounts for the awful yell.' .said Ian. ' I didn't know whether it was Bobby or the ghost.' ' Where is Bobby ?' said Janet, look ing round. 'Joey. dear, wake up! The ghost j is hav-iug some whisky, and you bad ? better have some too.' i ' Ghost !' repeated M'Kinnon. I j wonder ha vena mair sense. .Tanet. i Fh ! want's that ? There's a man behind the curtain. M'lvor.' exclaimed the old gentleman, pointing with great I excitement to tbe crimson damask. : wbicli appeared to be much agitated. ' 'There is some one there.' replied j Ian. deliberately rising and going to the window. There was a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask the ruffian. It was the valiant Bobby, crouched in a corner, with his fingers in his ears. ' Bobby ' What d'ye mean by sic like cantrips ?' demanded his father, in dignantly. ! ? Bobby exclaimed with a scarlet coun tenance that he thought it was one of Mr. M'lvor' s coffins, and that he -felt ! a natural reluctance to occupy 1t pre- I maturely. j ' Coffins ! The iaddie's dreaming.' said -the old (gentleman, scandalised. ' Wbat way are ye no in bed. Bobby ?' '? ' I congratulate you on the success ' of your story. Mr. M'lvor.' said .Tanet.? ' You . have frightened everybody into fits.' 'I wonder at ye. M'lvor, and the mora the Fast Day,' said tbe old minis- : ter.'in a tone of mild reproach. 'They would haire it sir,' said Ian, s apologetically. ' Never, mind, fatter,' fsaid Janet, ; saucily, ' we'll do penance to-morrow — - we'll all go twice to church.' ' Ye've mucWe need,' was tbe dry response. '(M'lvor. light the candles — I'll see ye a' oot this time.' Ian obeyed, and the procession formed and filed out of the room. . beaded by the old gentleman and : Bobby— the bitter much subdued. 'We only want surplices to look like , a . procession of priests and acolytes.' said .Tanet, laughingly. ' Don't you feel like oue. Ian ?' ' Not J,' he replied, promptly. ' 1 wouldn't be- a Roman Catholic priest under existing circumstances'— be looked at Janet—' for any considera tion.' Janet turned round impatiently. ' Come along, . .Tpey, it's time you were = in bed w4th that white f&ce.; Mr. , TtfTvor. I hope t we shan't drey 111 of tbe golden-balred Margaret.' ! ^ ' I hope not, Miss Janet.' be replied, ! with a smile. ' Good-nigbt, Miss Joey' \ —then - in; .a lower tcme— ' the lady of 1 ihy dreains will not have golden tresses!' ' ; ' ; ^ tt would - have 'been unreasonable to complain ju^t -tben of Miss Keith's lack of colour. ' Good-nigbt, Mr, M4Ivor,' she; said, with a enddeio, lov^y smile. nI shall ' never, jus long &s; .1 1 live, foxget *ate niebt or^your story, or—' f'! \- ?^Jr what. Mitis Joey ? No, not ti£l you toMi your .fientence !' for sbe was h^lng to Pegain pdssesslon.jof her h&nd.; j She - looked -round, half -frightened. Th^ were -pjite alone on tbe iKn-Hwg. 1 'Or you V' 1 T5ie words were hardly audible. 'Joey P* But Joey had vanished.— Be L StroBg, in tte ' People'® FritodL* 