ART AND CHESS. I In the interesting chapter of reminiscence ap pearing in a recent number of M.A.P., Sir Wyke Baylies, President of the Royal Society of British Artists, says — ' ChesB was always a delight to me, and I greatly wonder that so few players are found 1 amongst artistB. Ruskin, indeed, is a great lover ] of the game, so have been many of the most dis tinguished men of letters. Turning, as it does, on such high faculties as imagination, analysis, synthesis, the chessboard should be found in -every studio. In thia also, bb in everything else, my father and I were chums, and while still a child I could beat everyone I knew excepting himself. Staunton, who was a friend, could give me only the smallest odds : he could not, for instance, give me the odds of playing without smoking his pipe. I could easily play balf-a-dozen games simultane ously without seeing the board. Now, for the merchant who has no cares when he leaves the office, for the parson who haB nothing to think about but hia next sermon, and doesn't think much about that ; for the lawyer, or dootor, who learned all they want to know in the days of their youth ; for the Parliament man, who has only to stand m the lobby, and feel which way . the wind whistles through his brainB, it ia all very well to take life easy, to sing, or, dance, or go to the theatre, or play tennis, or take a boat up the river. But for the artist — who never can lay the ghosts which haunt his brain — who day and night, night and day, is seeking what no one else can see — visions that he is striving to crystalise into beauti ful and permanent shapes, who wears his life out in honest work that makes tbe brain sweat — for the artist, I say, some qniet, simple, easy, unfatigu ing refreshing recreation is needed, and I find this, myself, iu cheBB.— Adelaide Observer. A COMING CHAMPION. Many of our readers will have heard of Mr. W. S. Yiner, of the Sydney School of Arts' Chess Club, the latest addition to the very limited number of really strong players in thiB colony. Mr. Yiner was born in EaBt Maitlaud in 1882. He received his first knowledge ot the game from his father, and like the famous Paul Morphy, he soon dis tanced his teacher, and was able to give him con siderable odds with success. Mr. Yiner was in Sydney for a time some two years ago, when he benefited considerably by some months careful coaching from Mr. JacobBen, who. was much im pressed with tbe great aptitude and talent for Chess shown by his pupil. After much travelling about the Continent of Australia, during which time he gained the Championship of Boulder City, Western Australia, Mr. Yiner iB now settled in Sydney, and has become possessed of a Chess strength which is not far short of tbe first class, as represented by such players as Messrs. Jacobsen, Wallace, Ealing, and possibly one or two others, and it is perhaps not too much to hope that in the near future we may even be able to boast of an AuBtralian-born choBB master in the person of the youthful cham pion of ourB. Certainly facts are somewhat against the consummation of such a hope in tho waat of the beBt practice against really Btrorig players, but where such undeniable natural talent exists there may be Baid to be always a possibility of such a result. A week or two ago Mr. Yiner made his first attempt at simultaneous play, meeting ten mem bers of the School of Arts Chess Club, Sydney. The single players won 2, lost 1, and drew the remaining 7 games, some of whioh adjudicated aB drawn owing to want of time. The following neat finish occurred at one of the boards on this occasion : — White (Viner), K on K Kt, R's on IC B, and K Kt 4, Q at Q B 3, B at Q B 4, Kt at Q 5, Pawna on K R 3, K Kt 2, K B 5, K 4. Q Kt 2. Q R 2. Blacky K — K Ktsq., Q— K R 3 R'b K B sq., and Q R sq.t' B — Q B, and Pawns at K R 2, K Kt 2, K B 2, Q 3, Q B 4, Q Kt 2, Q R 2. White won by — 1. Kt — B 6 (ch) K R ; 2. Kt— R 5, P— B 3 ; 3. R x P, Q x Kt 4 ; R checks E x R, and White mates in 3. 