MT3KBATUHE. Books We Read. The proprietors of the ' Sydney Mail ' have secured the sole Australian rights to the pub blication of Hall Caine's next fitory, which will begin to appear simultaneously in the ' Sydney Mail ' and the London ' Giaphic ' somewhere about April next, and run for six months. The amount paid for this story is eaid to be the largest ever paid for serial rights. Mr. Hall Caine is now busily at work upon it. Prince Eupert is a favourite hero of Mibb Dora M'Chesney, and 6he has devoted the whole of her new book to his fortunes and the battles that he fought, or that were fought about him round about the old time city Bristol. The book, pub lished by MacmillanB, is entitled ' Eupert, By the Grace of God, the Story of an Unrecorded Plot set forth by Will Fortescue,' Will being a young enthusiast fired by devotion to his prince, who plunges in a plot to pnfc Eupert on the throne in the place of King Charles. The story is written in the style of the romantic novels of which we have had so many during the past few years, with the distinguishing characteristic , of feminine authorship and feminine enthusiasm. The issue of the Heinemann ' Popular Novels ' at Is 6d continues apace, and the quality is well Kept up. One of the last batch is ' Lou.' by Baron von Roberts, ' the craator of the German short story,' a man who fought in many wars, and saw many lands. He had attained mature life and the distinction of a professorship in the mili tary academy at Erfurt before he wrote his first story for a newspaper piize competition, and succeeded so well that he wrote three volumes of the now famous short stories, and then began his long stories with ' Lou,' the pathetic romance of a Nubian elave, brought to Paris as servant of a marquis ; and a Parisian girl, a gamin, who be comes a great star of opera boufEe, making her fame with the fellah songs which Lou had taught her. It is a touching story, the more touching perhaps from the relations of a faithful hound to poor Lou. Another book in the same serie3 is Adeline Sergeant's story of ' The Surrender of Margaret Bellarmine,' one of Miss Sergeant's earlier novels, though not so well known as her ' Story of a Penitent Soul.' Still another of the issue is Mrs. Hungerford'e racy ' O'Connors of Ballynahinch,' a bright and excellent novel. Yet another of theBe books is ' A Romance of the First Consul,'* by the Dutch novelist, Matilda Mailing, which has received so much commendation from the great critic, Dr. Geo. Brandes. It is one of the nnmerous books on Bonaparte's relations with women, and naturally, therefore, erotic in theme, but the mistress in this caBe is created for him by the authoress in the person of a beautiful young Rovalist lady, who, however, did not hesitate to take royalty as a lover in spite of the anguish of her betrothed, and the innocence of her upbringing, a course evidently cordially approved by Miss Mailing, who like many other women, apparently believes that royalty is above morality. John Oliver Hobbes (Mrs. Craigie) is engaged on a sequel to the ' School for Saints,' under the title of ' Eobert Orange.' Mr. Clement Scott's story of the English, Ame rican, and French stage for the past 60 years will bear the title ' The Drama of Yesterday and To day,' and will he in two volumes, profusely illustrated. The author started on this formidable enterprise at Biarritz on February 1 last. He has endeavoured to brighten up the dry bones of history with such anecdotes, impressions, recollec tions, and criticism as may interest and amuse playgoers, old and young alike. Three August magazines to hemd-irom Gordon and Gotch are the ' English Illustrated,' 'tee ' Wide World,' and the ' Royjii:'r The first named has another of those stories of the fleet ing passions of Englishmen for Japanese women, by Carlton Dawe, which have had a special vogue since ' The Geisha' familiarised the English speaking world with this peculiar phase of Japanese life, a phase that, according to the comic opera librettist, visitors ' take to ' so readily. Some striking features are given of the terrible destruction to beautiful bird life caused by women's vanity in wearing birds in their hats. Many of the world's most beautiful birds have be come extinct through this cause, and even the English goldfinch is vanishing through it in com pany with the more gorgeous victims of sunnier climes. The ' Wide World' has for trump cards the Neufeld narrative of captivity with the Khali fa and E. P. Cobbold'e account of his adventures ' On the Hoof of the World,' otherwise in Cen tral Asia, where he was arrested by Russians. This last narrative is given special interest by the reproduction of the author's ' Snapshots ' of the Steppes and the people who inhabit them, and of the great central Asian plateau. Mr. T. W. Hickson, a New Zealand surveyor, tells how his party were lost in the bush near what is the pre sent town of Eketahuna, in the Seventy -mile bush, in the south-central portion of the North Island. The 6tory is illustrated by Mr. Norman Hardy, .late of ' Mail ' staff. . Tiro excellent magazine numbers from Gordon and Gotch are the ' Summer Number ' of the ' Pall Mall,' and the July number of '? Scrib ner's.' The American magazine das one of those interesting articles on the transformatioa wrought iu some of the captured towns by the drastic methods of American militarycum sanitary administrators.' This one relates to Havannah. Two very interesting serial publica tions are the fine southern life stories ' Chronicles of Aunt Minervy Ann,' by Joel Chandler Harris, and the ' Stevonson Letters.' The latter have reached the Bournemouth stage, and htre is a de lightful extract in which B.L.8. tells of Sargent** portrait : — Sargent was down again and painted a portrait of nu walking about in my own dining room, in my own vel veteen jacket and twisting as I go mr own moustache ; at one corner a glimpse of my wife, in an Indian dress mad seated in a onair that was once my grandfather's, bat since some months goes by the name of Henry James's, for it was there the novelist loved to nit -adds a touch of poe*F and comioality. It is, I think, excellent ; but ia too eccentric to be exhibited. I am at one extreme corner ; my wife, in this will dress and lojlring like a ghost, is at the extreme other end ; between us an open door exhibitemy palatial entrance hall and a part of boy respected atair cue. All this is touched m lovely, with that wittr touch of Sargent*; but of course it looks dam queer as t- whole. v 