The Federal Constitution, WHY LABORISTS OPPOSE IT. (BY LABORrMEMBER THOMAS* IN BARRIER TRUTH.) SECOND ARTICLE. THE SENATE. Now I do not disguise, from myself on the broadest Constitution made that a House, a second Chamber, possessing such powers, pre sents one of the most difficult studies to a student of Constitutional history, so far as British insti tutions are concerned. — Right Hon. Q. H. Reid, March 29, 1898. Does it not seem as if any second Chamber must necessarily be dangerous or useless ? — Max O'Rell. When last year Iaddresisedthe electors of Alma on the Federal Constitution Bill I used the following words : — ' The fact that there is a Senate or second Ohamber in the Federal scheme makes it a diffi culty — nay, well-nigh an impossibility — for those who claim to be in the vanguard of Democracy to accept the Bill.' I con fess that I see nothing to-day to cause me to alter my opinion so expressed last year. For the present I am not troubling myself as to whether the franchise for the Senate is a democratic one or not, whether the powers of the Senate are great or smaU; the only thing I consider , for the moment is that there is a Senate. It seems to me that we ought not for a moment to lose sight of this fact, that in the coming referendum we are asked to adopt a new Constitution under which we are to live, WHICH IS AN INFINITELY DIFFERENT THING from tacitly accepting a Constitution framed years before we were born. For instance, a Victorian finds that his Constitution is so constructed that though the franchise from a property qualification is a low one, yet only men of considerable wealth can be candidates for the Legis lative Council. Let us suppose that up to the present Victoria had been a Crown colony, and a hew Constitution was being submitted to the people of Victoria for their future government, and that that Constitution contained a provision similar to their present one as regards the quali fication for a Legislative Councillor. It would have as much chance of obtaining a majority in a referendum as a camel has of going through the eye of a needle. A South Australian finds that though any male elector, above a certain age, be he rich or poor, can be chosen as a Legis lative Councillor, yet only electors living in certain houses can vote, and persons, however intelligent and worthy, living in less costly houses, cannot vote. Were to-day such a provision as that submitted to South Australia as a basis for future government, it would not become law, as the referendum of April 29 clearly shows. The same, I venture to say, applies to New South Wales and its nominee Council. As we think of the Council in each of these colonies, well might the democracy of to-day ask 'where were the masses! when such Constitutions were thrust on ! them.'' I IN JUSTICE TO THE PEOPLE of the past generation it must be said that they did not possess the vote as they do now, and consequently had not the power to say 'yes ' or 'no ' as they have at present. It can perhaps be argued that though in each case the. Constitution as regards the Second Chamber, is to-day such as the people would not accept, it was when given much in advance of the form of government they then possessed. This possibly is true, and if so may we not reasonably suppose that the genera tion to come — a generation that did not hear the Federal drum beat, nor the Federal organ play, nor see the Federal flag wave, nor the man with the Federal halo — will ask where were the men of 1899, who possessing the vote, who having had referred to them by a direct vote the question ' Yes ' or 'No' — a thing never granted to any democracy of the English-speaking race before — said yes to a Senate, a Senate which however broad and liberal may be its Constitution, was placed there by the people who framed the Constitution, simply to be a check on the flowing tide of democracy, simply with the object of refusing demo cracy fully swing. Why a Senate ? The question is asked, and at once the reply comes, 'Oh, you cannot have a federation of States^ unless you have a Senate to protect their rights.' What are State rights ? The only person -who has attempted to answer this question is. the witty member for Sturt ip. his ^ own inimitable way. 'The only State rights I know of are ' . REED'S . SNORE AND PEACOCK'S LAUGH.' Just fancy creating a Senate to pro tect that snore or to preserve^ that laugh! Anyhow, what are we aiming at ? Is it merely a Federation of States as States, or a Federation of people ? If it is only a Federation of States, of acreage, of bricks and mortar, then frankly I am , not with .you. If it is a Federationof people so that we may be come one people, one nation, one brother hood, heart and soul I am with you, for that is our manifest destiny, as we ' are of the same race, speaking the same language, having the same aspirations, looking forward to the same destiny, citizens of the same great Empire.' Tha,t we may . live not only in peace but in unity ought to be not merely a dream, but a passion ; not merely a pious senti ment, but an object wortny of the nobility of sacrifice. - To Ilea? ifidft defending the need of a Senate, and in the same speech waxing eloquent on the topic of 'one people, one nation, one destiny,' reminds one of the protectionist orator who tells a meet ing of consumers that Protection makes commodities cheaper because it creates a market inside to compete with the market outside, and then goes and addresses a meeting of farmers and producers and informs them that Protection makes com modities dearer because it excludes the competition of the outside world. But stay, there is still another reason for the Senate, viz., this : 'Our Legislative Council in New South Wales is a nuis ance, it ought to be abolished ; now let us have Federation with a Senate and then we shall be able perhaps to persuade the. people of New South Wales to do away with the Council.' CESAR'S GHOST ! I am troubled with rheumatism ; a friend sweetly tells me if I will eat diseased meat and drink milk with tuberculosis in it I may get consumption— that perhaps would cure me of rheumatism. I am suffering all the tortures of toothache ; I am gently told if I will only stand in draughts I will probably get the earache, which may perhaps drive away the tooth ache. The Federal Parliament will not for years to come have full control of an ex penditure of over £3,500,000 a year. Two Houses are necessary to deal with that amount. The New South Wales Parliament, even after Federation, will deal with over £6,000,000, but only one House will be sufficient to control the greater sum! Thex federal Parliament cannot build a single mile of railway without first obtaining the consent of two local Parliaments, after that it is neces sary to have a legislature of two Houses to build that line. New South Wales can construct 1000 miles of railway with only asking the consent of its Parliament, and yet one House will suffice ! The Federal Parliament oan pass laws of life and death only over 100 square miles. Two Houses are necessary to protect the lives and liberties of people dwelling within a compass of -100 square miles, surely it will be necessary to have two Houses to protect the lives and liberties of a population residing oh 800,750 square miles of New South Wales territory. Once grant a Senate — a second chamber — to the Federal Parliament and it does appear to me to make the removal of our local Legislative Council A STILL MORE DIFFICULT MATTER TO ACCOMPLISH. All members of the New South Wales Labor Party are pledged to vote for the abolition of the Legislates Council be cause it is a second Chamber. We are not asked to substitute in its place a House elected by the people. Is it not somewhat paradoxical to ask one, on the one hand, to work for, to vote for the removal of a second Chamber, because it is a second Chamber, and at the same time to vote for a new Constitution that provides for a second Chamber, although it may differ in character ? The Senate, it appears to me, can only do one of two things. (1). It can agree with the House of Representatives. (2). It can block, amend, reject. If it does the first it is useless. If it does the second it is dangerous. An exchange says that an awkward contretemps occurred the other day in a Victorian provincial town. The Mayor gave a fancy dress ball, at which all the elite of the town were present. One alderman, who was rather stout, wore a pair of light breeches, and in the course of one of the dances he felt the seams of his pants giving way. Hastily seeking out his wife, he told her of his dilemna, and she, procuring a needle and thread, sought out an ante-room ? where she thought they would be quite free from intrusion while the breach was repaired. The worthy alderman had no sooner pulled off his breeches than two ladies came along the corridor with the inten tion, as she supposed, of visiting the same ,room. Mrs. Alderman looked around the room for some place in which to hide her worthy spouse, and opening the first door she came to she said, ' Quick, John, go in here ; there's two ladies coming ! ' at the same time push ing him through. She closed and bolted the door and turned to meet the intruders with a smiling face, when a loud knock ing occurred on the other side of the door, and her husband frantically yelled, 'Open the door! Open it quick! I'm in the ballroom ! ' 