i St. Alluin's Uhiii'c.li, Tocumwnl. I : LAYING TBE FOUNDATION STONE AO event fraught wiih gri-a1 intereSi to the Anglieans -f T-»c „ d di-irict look pi neat, i lie .mli-r i.iw n on Thuralaj afternoon la-i, wnt-n tin- Inundation stone of n in w liu'i-ring, ' entiilrd "S'. Albnn's Church." w-m 'a -I ' by M'S H. H. Ph- v, in the presi-n-e , of the V- n. Ar-dnle con H di, l<e> J. I N. Ward (ilil-uinlirllt lit tin parish) I nnd a lsrgn niimb-r of iidli- rniii- ol me faith andntlier viHitoia. The crr-nnniy was conducted in a very iinprear-ive mitnin-r, the beou-iful i> unl provided for occaaiona of the kind adding a charm to the proceediugB that will long lie tein-mheii-d by tlio-e who worn prea nt. Pri-ir tn the laying of the stone a banquet was held nt M'' II. H. (luCutl'u llnlul .if U'lltoll as tllllltllHr Of " ..was.-, s.w a... — - - from cohiam and vther vi«Ho«e were "'esefit liy inriticttiin of the iionichb. a short report of the tiauquet wi'l be found appended to ih« accontit of the etoun laying proceedings. The history ot the Anglican church at t<icumwai is a most varied aod iuter»tmg one, to which would in Ice up colotntiB of space, auffice it to uay that the religious apatites of local adhertmU were, previous to 1898, occasionally whetted hy visits from incutulients from numurhali and deuiliqnii). In 1898 the pnrish of Berrigan (which includes Tocumwal, Finley, Berrigan, broog, and 8«ver- j nnlte) was formed, and llev. H. Brad- shnw was selected as vicar. Shortly &fteiw-;«rd8 he was succeeded by Uev. j. n. Ward, the present incumbent, and from that time forward the fpis copjtlinn power has gone on increasing in elteiigth and influence. The land on which St. Albau's Church ia bei«<g by mr g f. Sugden, and ever since, spurred on by the Rev. w«rd, member of the Anglican faith hiive bc»-n dili gently working to obt"i" funds to trect a suitable church buii »iug. with a success that had its culmination in the impressive proceediugfi of thurhday last. a happy feature of the ceremony was the selection of Mrs h. h cus-y hb the one on whom the honor of lining the Inundation stone whs placed, and it was admitted by thone who were ch»s>-)y acquainted with th biwtory and vicissi tude' of the Cliurcu of England at Tocumwnl that no trwr or more worthy lady, or one tlmthad done more to fuither ihe cnu>e ol the Church, could have been chosen for the honor. The ceremony commenced, in th" presence of a Inrge concourse, by ih" singing of a hymn, followed by j-e.-td- ing of the u-ual oider of nervier by the Archninhop anl troni tlm people. Af'er a «-erie of rt»ndingh and prayers had ben delivered a scroll con- 1 tabling tho following wording way placed under the ntoue: — "St. Album, Tocumwnl, in tlio Punch of Derri g«n, urctidcarosry of Ueniliquin, diocese of Riverina, N.s.W. 'ihe foundittinn stone of (bin Church was laid to the glory of God, io tbe feith of Chris!, by Sirs U. E. Casey, of Tocumwal, on 1 hursday, 19th October, 1699, the 62n<t year «>f the reign of Uer Mnjesty Queen Victoria, ourQufen, aru1 the fourth year of Ike coosecrsiiou of our HUbo|i, KrnesL Augustus AodiTsou, secuuu Lord Bishop of Rircriiift. Tbe parish was formed in the rear 189 8, nu( of the parishes of Deuiliquiu, Curowe, end L'runn, aud C 'Dtaii.a tbe 'owns o! Uerriguo, 1'ncuiDWnl, l-inler, Barooa, and SsvcrudLe. I be Iter. II. Bradsbaw was the lireL Vienr of the Parish, «ud the Rev. J. H. W'nrd (ilic present iocurabfni) was (be 6«codi!, aud tbe building and genersl committee nmsiited of ii. ii. O'asry, £'. ftvuelej, T. t. Cocker, A. Iluletl, C. N) sldVn (iri'dsui(r), aud the hon. secretary, W. li. Alcek, whose signntures are subscribed hereto, 'Jlie builder and contractor was L- Jensen, of Tocumwal, aud tbe clerk of works, A. iluletl." Ciipira of tlio Age, Argus, Sydney Morning llerald, Cobram Courier, nud Jlinleg Free Frees ivt-re aix.i plm-d Willi til- scroll. Then the atone was l.iid in the utanl manner by Mrs i'nsny, » lio tvas (iresented ivith a handsnnia silver tronel, suitably iuBt-ribod, fur the purpose ; ttie act being accompanied by tho following words: — "In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for tbe blessing of uo-l, i lay this foundation stone of a church, to be c.ilLd St. Albans, in the name of the Father, and of the Sou, and of the Huly Ghost. Amen." Tbe ceremony endrd after further prayers, followed by tbe usual beoedictiou. a description of tbe buildiug appears elsewnere.j 