THE LORDS OF THE SOIL. (By The Flaneur.) A most erroneous impression exists even in educated quarters that the whole of the great continent of Australia is now pretty well known, and the dangers of travelling through it with a fairly-equipped company have been vastly reduced since Leich hardt's day, and will soon be brought to the vanish ing point entirely. Persons who hold this belief would be wise not to act upon it, tor, like the policeman's, the lot of a pioneer is not a wholly happy one to-day. There are still vast tracts in Australia which are almost as unknown as the whereabouts of the North Pole, and the man who strays as far as tHose strange spots will probably meet with all the danger he desires, even though he be as courageous as our only Major- General, and as full of fertile resources as a Rougemont, who, by the way, seems to have done the ' rocket act' — going up with a wonderful whizz and a blinding glare, and coming down in the shape of a very charred stick, indeed. ooo The Hon, David Carnegie, the young Britisher who came out some 7 or 8 years ago to 'pick up nuggets in the streets,' like so many more of his innocent countrymen, speaks very feelingly of the poor prospectors' lot when he says : — 'Think of us- ye., city magnates, toiling and struggling that your capacious pockets. may be filled by the fruits of our labour ; think of us, I say, and remember that our experiences are but as those of many more, and that hardly a mine out of which you have made all the profit has been found without similar hardships and battles for life. Not a penny would you have made from the wealth of West Australia but for ixs pros pectors — and what do we get for our pains ? A share in the bare sale of the mine, if lucky ; if not, God help us, for nothing but curses and complaints will be our portion.' ? o . o o Coolgardie was the spot Carnegie first tackled, and having at last made a ' rise' he conceived the idea of exploring part of Central Australia and picking up whatever he saw, be it a rock of gold or the business end of a blackfellow's spear. Carnegie, according to his interesting book, recently published, equipped, organized, and led an expedition of five members, who took with them nine camels, and were absent from Coolgardie in all 13 months. Ten and a-half months of this period were occupied in travelling 3000 miles, only 550 miles of which lay within the limits of any settlement at' all. o o o For comrades the explorer selected a stalwart ' back-blocker' named Joe Breaden, born and bred in the Australian bush, who brought with him his useful blackboy ' Warri' ; Godfrey Massie, a cousin of the once famous Australian cricketer, who had plenty of rough experience in Queensland and Tas mania ; and Charles Stansmore, whose family had been among the earliest settlers on the Swan Riverf and who had himself knocked about for years on stations and goldfields. They were a hardy com pany, well cut out for the trying work that lay be fore them, and all save one came through the ordeal. Stansmore met his death by accident just when the toil of the Northward, journey was over,' and the caravan was nearing Hall's Creek. He was out of sight of his comrades, and had evidently slipped in passing a ridge of rock. The gun he was carrying muzzle forwards across his shoulder must have canted over, the hammer struck the rock, and lodged a charge just below his heart. The poor fellow was buried there between the rocks and the river at the foot of a large gumtree, to rise at the sound of the last trumpet when the great desertsf like the great seas, mnst give up their dead. ooo To find sufficient water was one of the expedi tion's greatest troubles. On one occasion the ex plorers were nine days without a sight of the precious fluid. They cut the tracks of blackfellows find followed them, only to reach empty rock holes, and they followed the flight of a couple of turkeys with no better result. A.t this stage a young 'buck'' (as the male aboriginals are termed) was seen un earthing an iguana, arj.d captured after a hard chase. Him they plied with salt beef, so that his own in creasing thirst should impel him to lead them to water. But he played false, led them, after a day's journey, to a dry hole, and tried to decamp. He was roped and guarded more .vigilantly, the ex plorers feeling convinced that upon the safe custody of this black their lives hung. With delight they watched the salt meat doing its deadly work. ' King Billy' endured more and more discomfort ; he had been conducting them directly away from his own water supply, which he astutely judged . the camels would soon exhaust. o o o When his own sufferings became keen, however, he guided the party by swift stages to a spot where an outcrop of desert sandstone dropped like aline of cliffs into an open spinifex plain, with a sand-ridge on either hand. Close to the foofc of a sandhill the black pointed excitedly to three small rock-holes, which the party would certainly have passed un noticed had they been a few yards off the route -Nor, had they been seen, would the sight have availed the travellers without their guide, for they proved' but entrances to a cave below, and in the sandy floor of this they dug without getting a sign of moisture. Lighting candles, however, they ex plored a small passage leading deeper down, and there, amidst bats and bones of birds and dingoes, old native camp fires, etc., they came upon water 60 feet be'ow the surface. The supply was good, for though only a small quantity was visible, it flowed in as fast as it was baled out and hauled to the thirsty animals above. This soakage, which saved the lives of the party, Mr. Carnegie named the Empress Spring, and he has been conscientiously accurate in fixing its site for future travellers. Thir teen and a-half days' drought had been experienced before this cave was reached, and here the expedi dition rested for four days. ooo When a death occurs amongst the Central Aus tralian blacks the body is buried in a sitting posi tion, with the knee3 doubled up against the chin. It is interred in a round hole in the ground, the earth being piled directly on to the body so as to make a low mound with a depression on one side — this is al ways made on the side which faces the dead man or woman's camping ground. During the period of mourning which follows upon the death of a man, and occupies a period of from 12 to 18 months, no person must mention the name of the deceased ex cept it be absolutely necessary to do so, and then only in a whisper, for fear of disturbing and annoy, ing the man's spirit, which in ghost form walks about. After the birth of every child the headman of a group, in consultation with others, bestows upon the child a secret name. This secret name is never uttered except upon the most solemn occasions. To utter such a name in the hearing of women or men of another group would be a most serious breach of tribal custom, as serious as the mnst flagrant case of sacrilege amongst white men. ooo The aboriginals of Central Australia are a differ ent and seemingly better type than those of New South Wales. In colour they are a chocolate bro\» n, and a pronounced curve of the nose give3 them a certain Jewish aspect. Possibly they may belong to the long-lost tribes of Israel ; but if that is the case the said tribes will remain lost till the Day of Judg ment, They are of better physique than our blacks, some of the men being tall and well-proportioned and the women might be considered passing fair if they were not so decidedly brown and worn by hav ing to do the main work of the camps. Their cos tume is primitive and inexpensive, the women wear ing nothing but a set of rings round their neck and an occasional smile, while ' full dress' for the men consists of a waistbelt, which may be tightened up to ease the pangs of hunger. 