OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Monday. After five years and one month of service, the Turner Government have once more been sent into Opposition. No one, of course, was surprised. Directly if-, became known that Mr. M'Lean was to move a direct vote of want of confidence the opinion was freely expressed that this rime the Ministry was really in danger. The previous attacks had been of a guerilla-like nature that were more an noying than anything else The burner people liad little to fear from that kind of warfare. But when the heavier artillery was brought up mutters began to look much more serious. The wording of the. notice of motion itself caused some amuse ment. It was not of that character that the late lamented Lindlev Murray would have delightedjn. The singular and the plural were mixed up in the most peculiar fashion. Someone hinted that it was the work of Mr. Hume Cook, who was to have the Education portfolio in the new Government. Then came the suggestion that it was the joint work of several of the gentlemen who had promised to sup port the lion, member for North Gipps- land, the inference being that though in the multitude of councillors there might be wisdom there was certainly a confusion of grammar. Between Wednesday, and Thursday this defect, however, had been remedied, and the notice paper set out the motion in English that no one could take exception to — always, of course, excepting Sir George Turner and his col leagues, to wh -m the matter far more than the manner of the motion was of consequence.. You can readily imagine the buzz of excitement that went all round the House when Mr. McLean _rose to level his in dictment. The galleries were packed to excess. The Speaker's gallery was full of ladies, among whom was Lady Brassey. Upstairs there was a black mass of people, tho majority of wh6m7remained till the division was' taken'at half-past six on. the Friday morning. I have seen many im portant want of confidence motions, but 1 hardly "remember one in which mora in terest was taken than the present one. There wis a hum of subdued excitement all through the galleries, and more than once the Speaker had to aunounce . that unless better order was kept he should hive to order the Sergeant-at-Arms to clear the House. That sharp, sibillant sound peculiar to" female conversation was very audible, while once or twice I de tected applause whenever a speaker made a more than usually emphatic poiut. But then the ladies, bless you, care nothing for the Speaker, robes, wig and all, nor the Scrgeant:at-Ar -is, though he oearmedivith the massivo gold-looking mace. Hon. members themselves, too, hung over the railing dividing the Speaker's gallery from tlie Chamber proper, and they had to be continually called -to order and back to their places. The atmosphere of the Chamber was charged with mental elec tricity. In a row oil the Government back brnch sat Mr. M'Lean, Mr. Higgms, Mr. Hume Cook, Mr. . Kirton, Mr. Toutcher and others of the attacking forces. Mr. H ume Cook had for the. last few days been in constant attendance on the gentleman whom I suppose he expects to be his chief oeiore anocner weeK is out. i ne Go vern meat whips kept darting in and out of the Chamber, bringing news to Sir George Turner, who sometimes smiled, at other times looked serious when the messages were conveyed to liirn. Of all the occupants of the Treasury benches Mr. Best perhaps looked most ill at ease. He kept bobbing up and down in the most nervous fashion. And yet the result, though it did furnish a defeat of - the Government, must have afforded him some comfort. Had the Government secured a majority it was an open secret that the hon. member for Fitzrny was to experience a vory " uncomfortable quarter of an hour" when the Jackson Board report was considered in the Assembly. I am inclined to think from what I hear, too, that had Sir George 'Turner obtained a dissolution Mr. Best would have been one of his colleagues who would have "lost the number of their mess." Over on the Left the Opposition sat grimly smiling. Early in the evening Mr. Gillies, their leader, went comfortably to sleep, and remained so for hours, a very picture of comfort. The Opposition could aftord to smile. The numbers were already up ; they were to be at no trouble. All the fighting was to be done by the other side among themselves. All the Opposition had to do at the finish was to "pick up the pieces." Mr. McLean's attack surprised every one. No milder mannered politician ever cut the throat of a Government. He almost once or twice apologised to his late colleagues for taking the liberty of turning them out of office. But duty, you know, stern duty, compelled him, and no true Highlander was ever deaf to that call. He certainly wound up a little more vigorously, but tho whole effect of his speech, as you may judge by reading the excellent reports in the daily papers, was not exciting. The Premier, who fol lowed, made the most of a bad case. He knew that the verdict had already been returned, that the coi joined Opposition and a section of his own supporters, had decreed that he and his colleagues were to go. And such knowledge as that -is not exhilarating, is not calculated to impel brilliant oratory effect. As long as there is a chance it is a different thing. ' But when all chance is gone, why— what is tlie good of talking. However, Sir George expressed his de termination to die game, and to "do a bit of fighting" — his own words. The first round was with Mr. Kirton, who, when the Premier remarked that lie. hatl had five years' hard work, interjected " And have been well paid for it." But this was a species of " hitting below the belt" that the House had no sympathy with, and quickly proceeded to say so. That was, perhaps, the only uupleasaut instance during the Premier's speech. Towards the close Sir George a bit mixedly told us that "whenever he had attempted to use the iron-hand he had put his foot in it." 1 his was nearly as good as Or. Kirton's " Dead as Caesar's Ghost. Sir George at the close sat down with that sudden plutnp that so eloquently speaks of intense' weariness. He sat down with his eyes closed for some moments, and one could readily believe his statement that but for loss of Federa tion prestige he would be glad to be but of it altogether. Whatever may have been the political faults of the late rremier ne nas certainly aurnig Ins pub lic life earned the respect and liking of tlie large proportion of those with whom he has come in contact. The speech of Mr. M Cay in support of the motion was the real attack, and was in marked contrast to that of Mr. M 'Lean. The hon. member for Castlemaine had previously attracted some attention by his addresses in the -> ssembly, and this put the " coping stone" on his reputation. By this time there were, of course, no waverers. All the speeches in the world would not have altered a single vote one way or the other. And yet up they got one after the other, viinister and hon. member, then hon. member and (Minis ter, in wearying rotation till half-past six in the morning. Nor was there what the audience would doubtless describe as much fun. Mr. Anderson, it is true, at about 2 in the morning ran foul first with Mr. M'Coll, with whom -he exchanged views as to their respective characters ; then with Mr. Tilley Brown, of whom by the way he had none the best, and oi other hon. members whom he tern-.cJ "snakes in the grass" and "'-raitors.'' But Mr. Speaker had grown tired and snappish by this time, and w?-t fully determined to maintain the dignity of his office. Mr. Bromley found this out liter on, say at 5 o'clock, when the Houdogot a bit out of hand. Rut there was --lothim- exciting in it after all, and w. v as all glad when the morning paper with the latest account of the. war in South Africa. Tho thrashing Lord Methuen was giving the Boers was far aoore iaterartiag then tae impending de- feat of the Government; which," for hour had been a foregone conclusion. ' On Saturday politicians were buz/in about the Public Departments anxious to learn the "next move." No one w« surprised at the news that Sir Georee Turner had been refused a dissolution and that Mr. M'Lean had been sent for That was the natural order of thines I have been shown half a d«zen lists of the new Government in which, in addition to Mr. M'Lean. the names of Messrs. Gra ham, Out'.rim, Higglns, Fink and M'Cav most regularly recur. I called on Mr M'Lean in the evening, however, and »» assured by him that up to that time nothing definite had been settled in th« matttr _ Another report is that already a coali tion between certain members of the Turner Government and of the Oppposi- tion is possible in the near future. The menders of the late Turner Government mentioned are Sir George Turner and Mr Peacock, with a possible portfolio for Mr Taverner. But all this, you must re" member is mere gossip, such as is always to be heard at times like these. For example, at half-past seven on Saturday morning a gentleman who has been pro minent during the session for his attacks on Ministers, as-ured me that he was con fident of a portfolio in the new Govern ment orth at least a thousand year. I cheerfully assured him that " l hoped he might get it." L have been told that though Mr. Isaacs was to go home in his private ca pacity for the Tramway Company, it was also intended thit he should appear as i csorney- wnerai ior cue Victorian Go vernment in the appeal to the Privy Council in the cyanide case. By the way, in connection with this cyanide matter, the Gold Recovery Com pany has been in negotiation with the Government for the sale of its patent rights. The company asked £31,000 in all, the extra thousand' to cover expenses, while Mr. Foster reckoned £25,000 suffi cient-. It was hope I that these negotia tions would have bean completed, as more than the difference between the two would have been swallowed up in costs had litiga tion been resorted to. It is to be hoped this matter -vill be settled as speedily as possible, so as to allow ' works that have been shut down, with the result that many hundreds of men have been throwu out of work, to be resumed. The company is also selling its rights in West Australia for a very la<ge sum. At least one of our large clothing firms has sent a representative to South Africa, with full instructions to open a branch of their business directly the war is over. The general impression in Melbourne is, as I have previously written, that when the Transvaal is once more under British -or. rament, it will be one of tho finest countries in the world for business people and working men. '. This opinion is freely expressed whenever South African affairs are disci «3ed. Since ;he days of VI other Shipton, whom some assert did not prophesy until after the eventB her prophecies are supposed to refer to had actually come to pass, there has been no onei to whom the role of national prophet could be fitly assigned. There have doubtless been many small fry in the prophet line, but they have as a rule devoted their attention to predict ing merely domestic events. There has, however, arisen in England a Mr. Sevier, a man of but 34 years of age, who claims that for 25 years he has been a student of the stars, and can by their aid foretell the future. Mr. Sevier asserts that he fore told, long before they happened, the China- Japanese war, the war between Turkey and Gieece, the American-Spanish war and the deaths of Mr. Gladstone and the Duchess of Teck. Ho also foretold the death of " Lord Salisbury. The latter, however, did not come to pass, owing, Mr. Sevier bejieves, to a special interven tion of Providence. Lord Salisbury, it will be remembered, some time ago met with a severe accident, and Mr. Sevier now thiuks that his intimation must have referred to this. It appears that our seer is in the habit of making a kind of annual prophecy. Among the events- foretold to happen this year were trouble with France, which Mr. -Sevier claims was fulfilled at Fashoda, the loss' of many ocean liners and friendship between England and Ger many. It is, however, in the prophecies for the future that the greatest interest will be taken. According to Mr. Sevier the ukeof York will ascend .the throne of England, and there will be an. English Pope in that country ; while Lord Salis bury will die before the end of t he present year. I >n the return of the Liberals to power, says "Air. Sevier, Lord Rosebery will be the leader, and his views will cause a change in those of his party which will incline towards Conservatism. Lord .Rose bery will meet with enormous success and will overcome tremendousdifficulties which will reveal him to be a greater m'ah than even Mr. Gladstone or Lord Salisbury. Nor does our prophet confine himself to predicting political events. . On the con trary, he is -also well informed as to the prospects of trade, though he ; has not amassed the great wealth one would natu rally expect that one possessed of this, knowledge shoiild. The prospects of trade fcr the coming-year, Mr. Sevier states, are good, and strikes will he few. Turning to foreign politics, the prophe cies are that France and Russia will be come embroiled with England, America and Japan over China ; that, the French will be defeated, aud as the result of that defeat the republic will be succeeded by an Empire or a Monarchy. Most of Mr. Sevier's prophecies,' it will be perceived, aro not new, the one relating to the Duko of York being King having been indulged in by newspaper editors and others at the time of the Duke's marriage,' while to prophesy that Lord Salisbury will shortly die; and th it Lord Roseberry will again come into power are comparatively safe essays. I should npt be surprised if Mr. Sevier, like the prophets of old, should be without honor in his own country, or in deed anywhere else. ! 