THE CARDINAL AT THE GATHE SECOND' OF THE LENTEN LECTURES. THE INCARNATION NOT A MERE FACT OF HISTORY. A TEMPESTUOUS CONFUSION OF ERRORS MISREPRESENTATIONS OF CATHOLIC BELIEF AND WORSHIP. On Sunday evening, at the Cathedral, the Cardinal Archbishop delivered the second of his Lenten Lectures. THE MYSTERY OF THE INCARNATION. « The Word was made flesh, and dwelt amongst us.' (St.. John, I., 13) The mystery of the In carnation is the most sublime as it is the most con soling lesson that Divine Faith teaches. God becomes man that man may become like to God Himself. This magnificent grace is the end, the crowning work, the perfection of God's mercy for our sinful race. Earth is lifted up to Heaven itself : 'Mercy and truth have met; Justice and Peace have kissed.' (Ps 84.) I purpose to set before you this evening the teaching of the Church on this creat nrystery. The words of the Evangelist at once recur to mind : 'In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word ?was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by Him, and without Him was made nothing that was made. In Him was life, and the life was the light .of men; and the light shineth in the darkness, and the darkness did not comprehend it. He came unto His own, and His own received Him not. But as many as received Him, He gave them power to be made the Sons of God, to them that believe in His name. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us, and we saw His glory, the glory as it were of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.' John, L, 1.) Such is the great, the ineffable mystery of the Incarnation. I do not propose to enter into the proofs of this doctrine of faith, but only to sketch for you the teaching of the Church in its regard. As St. Augustine writes, it is only the mind enlightened by faith that can embrace it. It is ' by prayer and longing desire' that, meditating on such a mystery, we may hope by God's grace to advance in the perception of Divine truth and in the love of heavenly things. WHAT IS THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHURCH ? There are two things which we may consider in this great mystery ; first, we may ask what is the doctrine of the Church regarding the mysterjr itself; and, secondly, what are the fruits that come to us through the Incarnation of Our Blessed Lord ? It has been the fate of the mystery of the Incar nation to be misconceived by the world. 'The Light shineth in the darkness, and the darkness did not comprehend it.' (John, I 5.) And yet it has never ceased to shed its brightest rays upon the minds of the humble and the lowly, the 'little ones' of whom the Scripture speaks. The Eternal Word becomes man. The second Person of the Blessed Trinity, from all eternity in His Divine nature equal to the Father and sharer of His Glory, takes to himself a human nature in the chaste womb of the Blessed Virgin, and becomes in all things, except sin, like unto us; There is no commingling of those two natures ; they remain distinct, but they both subsist in the one Divine Person. Thus the Eternal Word truly enters the sphere of this world of ours, the whole earth will be tilled ?with a new heavenly Light, fountains of mercy and of blessing will spring up in the desert till it bloBsometh as the rose ; all this Light and all this Mercy is the gift of a Divine Person who is true Man, indeed, but in whom ' the fulness of the God head corporally dwelleth' (Col. II., 9), and who, in name and in fact, is ' above all, God blessed for ever.' (Rom. IX.5.) THE JEWISH PROPHECIES AND PRE PARATIONS. To realize how infinitely great and grand is this mystery, and how pregnant of blessings it is to us, we may recall to mind that the Jewish dispensation of old, with all its spendour of faith and worship, ?was only a preparation for the coming of the Redeemer. It was only as if a shadow of the sub stance, like the dim light of dawn that ushers in the brilliant rays of the rising sun and the full light of joyous day. And yet the Jewish prophet could cry out in an ecstacy of delight ' What nation has its Gods so near, as Jehovah is with us.' What mani festations of Divine power do we not see lavished upon that chosen people, what solicitude to eupply its wants and guard its interests, what miracles to give it victory over its enemies and to keep it in the observance of God's holy law ? All this was but a preparation for the loving care and Divine watch fulness ; that in the Incarnation of the Redeemer would be extended to us. The minute details of Jewish worship and sacrifice, dictated by God Him self, were so many types and figures of the Saviour. The Patriarchs and Prophets, the inspired r/riters, the Temple itself the centre of Jewish life, had for their purpose to prepare the way and to lead man to the outpouring of God's blessings in the day of Re demption. FORESHADOWING THE PLAN OF RE DEMPTION. The religious history of the world may be said to be a volume in two parts. The first is one of pre paration; it foreshadows and prophecies what is to be. The other is the fulfilments and presents the narrative of the events prophesied. They are both great witnesses to God. He is seen to be master of the times, since He announces long before what they will be ; and He it is who has brought them to be fulfilled, as He foretold them by the voice of .prophecy. Three stages may be noted in the Unfolding and development of prophecy regarding , the Redeemer who was to come- In the first, which extends to the time of delivery from Egypt, it was announced that He would cru^h the serpent's head ; ' He would be of the r.tce of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; He would be the hope of all nations; the supreme authority would not pass from Juda until He would come ; He would be as a star arising from Jacob, and a sceptre from Israel. This first stage closes with the great Jewish leader, who foretells that the promised one would be the Prophet, th Lawgiver, the Teacher, the Ruler, the Deliverer of Israel. In the second stage, which embraces the pe riod of the Kings David and Solomon, Heis presented to us as an Ideal King, the Ruler of the future of the world. He is the anointed of God, His Sonship is Divine, His inheritance embraces all nations, they who trust in Him are blessed, they who incur His wrath shall perish with swift destruction. H;s form is of more than human beauty, His lips over flow with grace, God has blessed Him forever. He is invoked as God, He is enthroned upon an everlast ing throne. He is a Priest as well &b; King, a High Priest for ever, not according to the type of Aaron, but ' according to the order of Melchisedech.' The needy, the friendless, the afflicted will be the special objects of His tender care. His empire -will be spiritual, conferring peace on the world by righteous ness. He will bring to His subjects just judgment, salvation, deliverance, redemption. The third stage is that of the Great and Minor Prophets. Prophecy liore expands into the fullest particularity of detail respecting the human life of the Messiah, and at the same time it mounts to the clearest and most distinct assertion of His Divinity. The Redeemer ot Israel is declared to be the very Creator, who by by Himself will save His peop!e. He is the wonder ful, exalted beyond all that the human mind can reach, the Father of the Everlasting Age, the Prince of Peace, the Mighty God. He will choose a Vir gin for His Mother ; He the true Emmanuel. His presence shall be the glory of the second Temple; He will be the Angel of the Covenant, Himself Jehovah whom Israel was seeking, the Sun of righteousness to enlighten His people. Two instances will suffice to illustrate the minuteness of detail and the fulness of imagery with which in those prophecies the mis sion of the Redeemer is described. TYPES AND FIGURES. The prophets Ezechiel and Isaiah present Him to us as the Divine Shepherd who comes to guide and mle His flock. The former in the 34th chapter laments that the flock of God was ' scattered, wandering on every mountain and hill, the prey of all the beasts of the field,' and then he adds : 'Thus saith the Lord God; I myself will seek My sheep, and will visit them. As the shep herd visiteth his sheep, so will I visit My sheep, and will deliver them out of all the places where they were scattered in the cloud and dark day. I will seek that which was lost, and that which was driven away I will bring again, and I will bind up that which was broken, and I will strengthen that which was weak, and that which was strong I will preserve. I will feed them on the mountains, by the rivers, in the most fruitful pastures, and their pastures shall be in the high mountains of Israel ; there shall they rest on the ereen erass. and be fed in fat pastures upon the mountains of Israel.' The same idea is developed by Isaias in the 40th chapter : ' Lift up thy voice with strength, thou that bringest good tidings to Jerusalem ; lift it up, fear not. Say to the cities of Juda: Behold your God. Behold the Lord God shall come and His arm shall rule He shall feed His sheep like a shepherd ; He shall gather together the lambs with His arm and shall take them up in His bosom, and He Himself shall carry them that are with young.' In the other instance to which I have referred Isais (LIL, 13— LIIL, 12) announces in such minute detail the sufferings and death of Our Saviour as to merit to be styled rather the Evangel ist than the Prophet of the Redeemer's Passion. I give the passage literally translated from the Hebrew text : ' Behold, my Servant shall prosper ; He shall be raised aloft, and magnified, and very highly exalted. As many were astonished at Him: disfigured was his countenance, more that than of man, and his form, more than the sons of men. So shall he sprinkle many nations ; before him Rhall kings be silent; what was not before de clared to them they shall see, and 'what they had not heard they shall attentively consider. Who hath believed our report, and to whom hath the arm of Jehovah been made manifest ? He groweth up in tneir sight like a weak offshoot, and like a root from a thirsty soil ; he hath no form, nor any beauty that we should regard him; nor is his countenance such that we should desire him. Con temned, nor accounted as a man ; a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief ; as one that hideth his face from us ; he was despised, and we esteemed him not. Surely our infirmities he hath borne; and our sorrows, he hath carried them ; yet we thought him smitten of God, and cast down, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions ; was stricken for our iniquities ; the chastisement, the price of our peace, was laid upon him ; and by his bruises we are healed. We all of us like sheep have strayed; we have turned aside, everyone to his own path ; and Jehovah hath made to come upon him the iniquity of us all. It was exacted, and he was made answerable, and he opened not his mouth ; even as a lamb that is led to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he opened not his mouth. By an oppressive judgment he was cut off; and his man ner of life who would declare : for he was cut off from the land of the living ; for the transgressions of my people, he was smitten to death. And his grave was allotted with the wicked, but with the rich man was hi* tomb. Although he had done no evil, neither was there any a '' ' in his mouth ; yet it pleas^'l Jehovah to crus t i.l u with affliction. If his life shall be a pr -piiutory sacrifice, he shall see a seed which shall prolong their days, and the gracious purpose of Jehovah shall prosper in his hands. Of the travail of his soul, he shall see the fruit, and be satisfied; by the knowing of My Servant shall many be justified ; for the punishment of their iniquities he shall bear. Therefore will I distribute to him the many for his portion ; and the mighty people shall be his spoil; because he poured out his soul unto death, and was numbered with the trangresBors ; and he bore the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgres sors.' FULFILMENT OF GOD'S PROMISES. In the narratives of the New Testament we find registered the fulfilment of those prophecies of the Old Law in all their minutest historical details. Thus the Gospel may be considered as one continu ous proof that Our Blessed Lord was the Messiah long-promised to the Jewish race ; whilst the pro phecies thus fulfilled proclaim Him to be true man indeed, but at the same time true God. The Re deemer when imparting to the disciples His lessons of heavenly wisdom revealed to them in the clearest manner His Divine prerogatives and majesty and power : u We have not followed cunningly-»devised fables (writes the Apostle St. Peter) when we made | known to you the power and presence of Our Lord i Jesus Christ : but having been made eye-witness of 1 His majesty.' (2 Ep, I., 16.) j»o, too, in institu ting His Holy Church; He made the Faith in His Divinity the beginning of her teaching; the founda tion of her creed, the very motive and principle why her mission of life was imparted to her. Whilst thus He unveiled His Divine nature to the Disciples and to the whole human race, He wished His preaching and His ministry His who'e life and death to be arrayed in the fullest measure with all those proofs and evidences that could authenticate His mission from the Father. Hence it is that His sublime doctrine. His deeds of mercy, His mi racles, His prophecies, His death on Calvary. His glorious Resurrection from the tomb, were made manifest before the faithful as so many arguments which none could gainsay, which distinctly re vealed the splendour and power and wisdom of the Divine Person in whom the human nature of the Redeemer subsisted, OUR SAVIOUR'S MIRACLES— FLOWERS OF PARADISE. We may take, for instance, the miracles of Our Saviour. They were as so many flowers of Paradise, day by day, strewn upon the path of His public ministry. In themselves they are little more than mere human facts, but in the presence of the Re deemer they are radiant with heavenly light, and in their whole character are Divine. There is no attempt in them at ostentation or display. They invariably bear the impress of mercy and of loving tenderness for those who were weighed down by the burden of human sorrows and miseries. When St. John the Baptist sent some of his disciples to interrogate the Redeemer, 'Art thou He that art to come?' He replied: ' Go and relate to John what you have heard and seen; the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead live again, the poor have the gospel preached to them ' Such were the miracles of Our Saviour. They reveal in every instance a Divine power allied to Truth, gentleness, and infinite pity, and they are presented to us, equipped with a simplicity, har mony, and goodness that could not be surpassed. Like Him who wrought them, they were at the same time human and Divine. As * has been well said, ' The cause, which produced them is in the living God, concealed under the manhood of Jesus, and their purpose is the good of man. All have for their aim the enlightenment of man ; they tend to touch his heart, to ameliorate his lot, to inspire confidence, and to instil virtue.' THE DIVINE GUARDIANSHIP OVER HOLY CHURCH. We can trace the same Divine nower of the Redeemer at every step whilst He watches over His Holy Church, and imparts to it an energy and a vitality to embrace the whole world. Looking back through the course of centuries we see that the gates of hell, leagued with a sinful world, have never ceased to war against the Church. Yet she has never been overcome, and she has never ceased to pursue her beneficent destiny. No mere human strength could have given her this perpetual victory. In the man'ellous spread of the Gospel, St. Paul sees the fulfilment of the Psalmist's words : 'Their sound wenUmt unto all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world.' Men viewing this wondpvful prorogation of the Church in the light of human philosophy, have sought to assign as its causes, the zeal of the early Christians, the fear of the Divine judgments, the belief in miracles, the austere morality which was tnught, the spirit of union and discipline which linked the faithful together in the bonds of charity. But we may ask whence came that zeal, that salutary fear, the miracles that accompanied the Apostles in their ministry, the morality that was practised, the charity that prevailed, whence I say all this but from the Redeemer who quickened the faithful with His own Divine life and from the spirit of God who through His gift would ever abide in Holy Church. It' is a1'] compendiated by the Apostle when he writes: 'God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, 'according to His own Will.' (Heb 11,4). THE INCARNATION NOT A MERE FACT OF HISTORY. But we must bear in mind that the Incarnation is not a mere abstract truth ; it is above all things practical in the lessons which it brings home to us. As the Redeemer is truly God. it follows that what ever He commands we must fulfil ; what He teaches and reveals, that we result receive, for He the Eternal Truth can neither deceive nor be deceived ; whatever path He marks out, that we must pursue. The Incarnation is not a mere fact of history, which long since has passed away, and whose fond remembrance alone remains to us. The Apostle proclaims the great truth : ' Christ Jesus, yester day, and to-day, and the same for evermore' (Heb. XII., 8). He continues to be spiritually present in the minds and hearts of men. He truly lives in Holy Church, by it He speaks, He teaches, He guides, He commands, He combats, and He triumphs. Empires and' Republics arise, have their growth and decay, and amid the vicissitudes of human things are no longer thought of. But Christ's dominion controls all those vicissitudes of time and embraces all the ages of the world : He lives, He reigns, He rules, He conquers Many heresies have arisen from age to age, and the main object of their attack has been the Divine prerogatives of the Redeemer. They were for the most part willing enough to re cognize His exalted claims as a teacher and bene factor of our race, but they would deny to Him the supreme adoration and homage which are due to God alone. The reason of this is not far to seek. The Divinity of Our Saviour is the impregnable citadel of the Faith. No wonder that they who plot against revealed tiuth would leave nothing un done to lessen its strength or to accomplish its de et.riiAt.irm. THIS MOST SACRED TRUTH ASSAILED. The Jewish leaders in their superstitious blind ness, under the mask of reverence for the Divine Unity, availed of this teaching of Our Saviour to stir up the passions of the people against Him. 'Thou blasphemeth,' they said; 'though makest Thyself the Son of God, equal to God.' So, too, we read in the Gospel narrative ho a*, when Our Savour declared Himself the Son of God, who one day clothed with majesty and power would came to judge the world, the High Priest rent his garment and cried out to the assembled Sanhedrim, 'Your- selves have heard the blasphemy — Is He not guilty of death ?' Throughout the first and second' centuries the Gnostics assailed in a special manner the Divine truth. They sought to continue the philosophy of the East with all that they judged best in the Redeemer's teaching. They claimed to themselves hidden traditions of wisdom, -which were their exclusive heritage. In their theory all material things proceeded from the evil principle1 and were themselves evil Hence, they said, Eternal truth could not become Incarnate. The Church cast forth all these errors from her fold. Her truth, the teaching of Our Blessed Lord, remained unchanged Nothing in the sight of God is evil but sin. The Eternal Word becoming man did not lay aside His Divinity, but came to us in the excess of His infinite mercy and love to enrich us with the treasures of sanctity and to make us partakers of His eternal blessedness. THE DIVINITY OF OUR SAVIOUR QUES TIONED. In the 4th century the Arian heresy arose, and even the newly- converted Imperial power wa9 marshalled under the standard of error to com bat the orthodox faith. Their heretical tenets were disguised under the mo8t pretentious arguments for the integrity of truth. They would salute the Redeemer as God and and Son of God, but they would understand these titles in a secondary sense, unequal to the Father in wisdom, in power, in majesty. What was the attitude of the Church ? Her pastors assembled in Council cast forth the Arians and their heresies from the one true fold. The Divinity of Christ was for evermore declared to be the standard of ortho doxy. In the unerring accents of Faith, the Re deemer was confessed to be true man like unto us, but at the same timein His Divinenature coequal lo the Father in all His eternal attributes. From that day it is only in the ranks of superstitious error and heresy that the Divinity of Our Saviour shall be questioned. A TEMPESTUOUS CONFUSION OF ERRORS. In the 7th century Mahomet gathered around him eountless hordes of fanatical followers, who became a scouvge of God on the heretical com munions of Eaypt and Asia. He denied the Divinity of Christ, but assigned high honour to Him, next to himself in dignity and exalted rank. No one, dreams nowadays of Mohammedanism as a depository of truth. The standard of the false Prophet relies for its support not on doctrine but on the scimitar, and on the fanaticism and corruption of its followers. In the tempestuous confusion of errors that swept over Europe in the Reformation period, Socinus would pose as a champion of the Divine unity. He would banish the doctrine of the Trinity from the Christian creed, and with it he . would relegate the doetrine of the Incarnation to the realms of error. With the 18th century, Deism appeared on the scene. Its philosophers and men of science were willing to acknowledge the Creator's power, but they would reject all revela tions and miracles, and thus in the domain of their pretentious philosophy there was no room, for the greatest of miracles, the Incarnation of the Divine Word. RATIONALISTIC VAGARIES. Towards the c'ose of the last century, Rationalism and Infidelity were not satisfied with those Deistic theories. They would pull down the throne of the Deity itself to enthrone the mock goddess of reason for the worship of man. At the present day, even the scientists declare al! such rationalistic vagaries to be quite out of date, to unsuited modern taste. But error all the same continues to war against truth. Some under the name of Agnosticism will reject the Incarnation whilst they close their eyes to all supernatural truth. Others under the banner of Higher Criticism will endeavour to lower it to the category of mere human events. Among the countless sects included under the common designa tion of Protestantism there are too many who, whilst professing to believe in. the Incarnation, yet retain it only as shorn of its Divine dignity. Many of their leaders will even regard it as a mere temporary manifestation of the Creator's goodness, a manifestation which has long ceased to influence humanity in its onward course of development and progress. In constrast to all these errors the Church professes to-day, as she has ever professed, the Divinity of Our Blessed Lord. We confess that He is true God, and true man ; true man having a human nature like unto our own in all things, with human will and human sympathies, sin alone excepted ; true God, in His Divine nature equal to the Father in wisdom and power and every other infinite per fection ; and that there is one Divine Person, the Eternal Son of God, in Whom these two natures subsist. But it will be asked, what are the fruits of this great Mystery, what are the blessings which through the Incarnation of Our Blessed Lord heaven has conferred upon us ? FRUITS OF THE INCARNATION. The first great fruit of the Incarnation is 'that, it makes God known to us. How dim, how imp'er-.. feet were the glimpses and the longings of the wisest of the ancients in regard to the Creator. Their minds and hearts could but faintly grasp His Divine perfections. Even for the Jews He was a hidden God, and His dwelling was in 'inaccessible light.' They could with difficulty realize His love. They believed it and confessed it, but it seemed to be as far off as the light of some distant star, and exercising as little influence upon them. In the book of Job the friends of God exclaimed : ' We cannot find Him. He is ineffable. Therefore, men shall fear Him, and all that seem to themselves to be wise shall not dare behold Him' (y. '1, 23). Now, the Incarnation removes this sentiment of terror and brings home to our hearts God's infinite love for us in a way the most perfect that the mind could conceive. The Creator has in truth come to visit His people, to take up His lot amongst us. No inaccessible light shall hide Him from our anxious gaze, the bright vision of heaven shall be spread out before us, At the same time, every truth, we need to guide us in the pilgrimage of life has been, distinctly revealed to us, so that as regards thoBe heavenly truths the humblest child that lisps the first lessons of the Catechism is enlightened with far more wisdom and far more knowledge than the wisest of the sages of Greece and Rome ever aspired to. Thus it is that God is revealed to us in Cnrist. The Word of God, hidden in the bosom of the Father from all eternity, one in substance with the Father comes to reveal to us God's truth and God's love, and at the same time He unfolds to us the value of our immortal souls, for whose salvation and whose well-being the power and wisdom and ' love of God have been thus made manifest. Again through the Incarnation, our human nature, of itself so poor, so^indigent in Divine things, becomes truly rich indeed. United to God, subsisting by its very union with the Second Person of the Most Holy Trinity, our nature in Christ offers an un ceasing homage of adoration and thanksgiving^ of perfect obedience and conformity to the Divine ?will, infinitely acceptable to the Father, and fruitful of all blessings to us. 'Withal God become man is a Divine model of all perfection to us. We may learn of Him because He is meek and humble of heart ; we may walk in His footsteps, for He is ' the ?way, the truth and the life' ; we may take up our cross and follow Him, for He has chosen for Him self the jewelled robe of suffering. His yoke is sweet and His burden is light, for He gives the grace and strength that we may fulfil His precepts, .and in this fulfilment we find true peace and free dom, true joy and contentment of heart. FROM THE DEPTHS OF CORRUPTION. The Redeemer came 'to save' the world. Man : was in need of this salvation. He had fallen from the supernatural state in which he was fashioned to the image and likeness of God, and had forfeited all the' special graces connected with it. The beauty of his soul was transformed into hideous deformity, and he fell lower from his height than he would have stood had he never known the order of grace. And' sin was added to sin, till the whole human rgpp w«b in t.hp rlftnths of corruption and spiritual ' death. But, ' the abyss cried unto the abyss' ; the cry of the aoyss of our nothingness ^ and .? wretchedness was heard in the abyss of God's in finite love. The Eternal Word would Himself 'restore man to his high estate. 'Sacrifice and oblation Thou would'st not : then I said, behold I come.' Some theologians hold that even if the ? world had known not sin, yet the Eternal Word ?would have taken flesh, for love of man, to offer to the Father a homage worthy of His infinite perfec tions. But now where sin abounded, mercy hath superabounded. The Word made flesh came to expiate our sins, to bear the burden of our iniqui ties and to reconcile us to the Father. He is our High Priest, by the union of our nature with His Divinity. He becomes a voluntary victim for us. The sacrifice perfected on Calvary left us no tittle of the claims of Divine justice unsatisfied, and man was redeemed. OUR LORD AS THE GOOD SAMARITAN. The parable of the Good Samaritan enables us to realize in some way the Redeemer's mission of mercy. The poor helpless traveller, lying at the roadside stripped, wounded, and bleeding to death, is the figure of our fallen race. ' This man,' writes a venerable mediaeval commentator, ' typifies the human race, which, in the persons of our first parents, forsook the celestial state, and by their sin fell into the misery of this world of exile, being, by the cunning of the old enemy, despoiled of the robe of innocence and immortality, and sorely wounded by the taints of original sin.' Clement of Alex andria long ago had given expression to the same thought : 'For we,' he said. ' at the hands of the powers of darkness, have been nigh done to death ?with the number of our wounds, with lusts, pas sions, sorrows, guiles, and pleasures.' Now the Redeemer compassionates our misery, His enemies though we were. In His great love ' it behoved \- Him in all things to be made like to His brethren, that He might become a merciful High Priest, that He might be a propitiation for the sins of the people.' He took to Himself our nature — that Very nature which was stricken down and wounded unto death. He thus bridged the mighty gulf ?which separated earth from heaven, man from God, the children from the father ; and stooping down to our lowest level, came to us, bound up our wounds, cleansing and soothing and healing with the balm and oil of heavenly grace, and taking us in the arms of His sacred humanity, He placed us in the Inn, that is His Holy Church, our resting-place during our pilgrimage, where, a merciful, compassionate, ., . loving care is never wanting to us. MAN'S HIGHEST DIGNITY. Again, as a fruit of the Incarnation, we have been '.;? raised to the highest possible dignity, to the dignity bf-'being the children of God. This is what is known 'aV'the injs*ery of Divine adoption. The Apostle of Jjove, St. John, in the 3rd chapter of his Epistle (lit 1), cries out : 'Behold what manner of charity the Father hath bestowed upon us that we shou'd be called and should be the sons of God.' In Baptism, which for this reason is called the Sacra ment of Regeneration, this adoption is conferred on ?us.' We are thus spiritually born anew ; the image of God is imprinted on the soul; we are conformed To the resemblance of Jesus Christ, our Brother; we are enriched with the grace, light, and beauty of ' spiritual life, whilst the germs of every virtue are implanted in the soul. Bat the Apostle adds: * Dearly beloved, we are now the sons of God, and it hath not yet appeared what we shall be.' The ylory of the only-begotten of the Father shall one diy-be revealed in us. for as St. .Paul teaches : ' As the adopted Sons of God, we are heirs of God and rnheirs with Jesus Christ.' dry bonp:s quickened to life. So abundant are the graces of sanetification be stowed on the faithful that the Church in her sacred Liturgy adopts the worda of St. Leo, 'Oh, happy fault, which was repaired by such rich and such abundant graces.' The prophet Ezechiel saw in vision a vast plain strewn with withering skeletons and decaying bones. Such was the spiri tual condition of the human race that had forsaken the Creator. But when the spirit of God was wafted over the plain the dry bones were not only quickened into life, but stod erect, marshalled as an army in battle array. Such was the renewed vigour of heavenly strength and supernatural life imparted to us by the blessings of Redemption. The life of Grace thus bestowed on man is not a ~mere empty name, but a Divine reality. The Spirit of God Himself abides in the Christian soul, He Who is the perennial and exhaustless fountain of all holiness. This is the contrast that the Gospel sets before us : the Law came by Moses ; but through Jesus Christ has come the full abundance of grace and truth. Such are the fountains of salvation, the I fountains of blessing of which the Redeemer speaks : ' He that shall drink of the water that I ?will give him shall not thirst for ever ; but the water that I will give him shall become in him a fountain of water springing up unto life everlast ing*' (John IV., 13). 