\----4- RlEZIARKABLE PRODUCTIONS. During thepast fortnightseveral closely printed, but attractively headed six column broad sheets have reached us from London, the subject thereof being a grand musical festival under the management of Mr Rohert Newmaio, held on five conse cutiveafternoons. Whetherit isintended to extend to Australia the benefit and i pleasure of a series of musical perfor imances later on is a question that we can- I not answer at present, although it is but I reasonable to in fr from special reprints of London press notices, which are as favor able as they are unanimous re the conm poser's ability, that such is the intention of leading patties to the programme. Our Victorian contralto, Mles Ada Crossley, sang on one occasion at the London musical t festival in the temporary absence of at prints donna (Milss Butt). but although v expecting to see her name in the reports before. us re tihe produ:tiont of Father p Peresi's oratorio entitled, " The Tra.ns figuration of Christ," we find her namete conspicuously absent, no doubt on account of more lucrative and acceptable engage msonts elsewhere. Speaking of the com poser, the "Daily Telegraph" says :- f At the head of the programnme cato Don n Lorenzo Perosi, as represented by " The Transaiguration of Christ." In quite a for. mal and impressive manner, thei efore, the d attention of British musicians was called fI to that which, at first sight, seemed to b need e.planation. We refer, of course, to s1 the remarkably sudden fame of the young priest conlposer-a man unknown yester- x dA tnid~&v-yvtalkedwabout; in all civilised thlle far larger. part by observatici, that acknowledged eminence in music is hard to gain, even when the aspirant has the o wings of genius to help him in his tight. i' The onward and upward struggle is, as a rule, long, toilsoite, and exhausting, so that many faint by the way or are conteut to pick up a bare living, if haply they ciii b do even that, on the lower slopes of the p mountain. But here is a young com- is poser, some twenty-six years old, of whom it the world had never heard until the a moment when he was seen on the highest pinnacle, saluted from below with an ex- 1 plosion of applauding voices. The world p naturaly asked for the explanatlon of a.1 tl event which seemed so far against the it order of nature as to suggest the miracul- T ous. Answers were quite as naturally a forthcoming, for what is there of the in- Z explicable that evetr the " man ill the t, street" does not consider himself qualified d to expound ? " The Resurrection of Christ," another of Perosi's wonderful oratorios, is even more favorably criticised, but only a brief portion of the " Daily News" critique can be reproduced. This oratorio starts with a prelude tender, and almost pathetic in manner, descriptive of the last moments of the Saviour on the Cross. Then, in accordance with Perosi's custom, he allows the narrator to tell the story, from time to time relieving the narrative partly musical, partly recitative - by orchestral interludes which, although the idea may not be new, are at any rate treated inl quite charac teristic fas'.tion. The narrator, in the -' Resurrection," is also from time to time interrupted by the chorus. Thus, after I the earthquake, in which there is none of the stage realism which other composers have effected, the male voices of the chorus, doubled by trombones, utter the words of the PRoman soldiers, " Truly this was the Son of God." Again the holy woman, watching at the Cross, sing in four- part female chorui tlhe hymn, i " Crux fidelis," a portion of the Good Friday service of " The Exposition of the Cross" in the Roman Catholic Church. I "--. - t. ,.,. f ie,,itation in the old church style,- ann, 'the ,niloay, - o course, is the ecclesiastical tune with which the words are habitually associated. The appearance of the rich man from Arimuathea is heralded by a short orches- t tral piece which the composer calls a Fugue ; but which must be considered a very modern Italian example of that form. At this point the weeping duet of t the two Marys, admirably sung by Miss Blauvelt and Miss Bilda Wilson, is one of the few lyrical numbers which are to be found scattered about these oratorios. Again the applicationr of the Pharisees to Pilate to order the Sepulchre to be sealed is, of course, a chorus for male voices, and the first section of the oratoria ends with another chorus. The second part, however, is immea surably superior, and here, indeed, the composer thoroughly rises to the helght of his subject. It is the story from St. John of the finding of the empty tomb, and of the re-anpearance of our Lord; 1 and it is ushered in by a prelude entitled " The Dawn of Triumph," in which a cornet passage announces the Triumph theme which plays so very important a part throughout. Immediately after wards we have an " Alleluja" sung to a Grego"ian theme. That Don Perosi has a real idea of dramatic effect is abundantly shown by his masterly use of these two themes as the story proceeds. We hear the ," Alleluja" Preceded by the " Tri. - umnh" theme immediately after the pathetic complaint of Mary, " They have taken away my Lord out of the tomb." We hear it agait after the inquiry of the - two angels(who, by the way, sang yes terday fromn the organ loft) and the de mand of the risen Saviour, " Wioman. -.'hy Ve.opieo Thou C" As the - story pro ceeds the " Alleluja" becomes nmore fre ouent. Set to another churoh tune it f~llows tlhe Saviour's announcement " I ascend unto My Father and your Father." It is again heard, this 'imno as a chorus of the Apostles, when Mary announces to them' the Resurrection, it follows the promise of the Holy Ghost as Christ ascends, and it plays a moat aimportant "plart in the fina:e, ill which Mary'again narrates the miracle of the Resurrection, antd tinally as a 'cihorus 'of "akugels and cherubim, it answers 'the prayer of the apostles for mercy. The final chorus, in which thie whole of the'vtices'take part, the Triumph thieme being hleard through the "' Allelu.a," and the olaniing of bells ad4ilg tU; ithe-e(N u( ,,o6, in -mnat ,i ttposingpcr while at the same 'time free 'fromn any susplicion of the theatricad element. In a recent letter to a correspondent, GenLeral Sir Arthur Cotton attributed his extrenme' age to tfe Ihabit of eating very hlttle food of any kind. The idea was suggested to him by Inoticing thie small quantity of fuod eatei L'y the people of tle4 East Sir Arthur hlas been a teetotallerii '.'."... .. Here is an account of an interesting ad julnct of church furnishings snt' by the iallihrat correspondent of the "' Ae" :- A :' conductor," for the. convenience, of dea membhers of the congregation, has been introduced to tile Dw/wsmn-street Cosngregationdl Church, with satisfactiory resuls; ·Several of the mnembers of the church wht, are '' hart of hearing" say thlmt through the medium, of the hppli nlce, thcy art now in?taou~ci witli the seo vcs,:and.nvne isorshlippertateos that on Sinhday last, for the first tmune for i;mnany yeats, hie ,;"ns; able to'.hear the 'clergyman '"preauchiig.; IIegarding. tihe appliantce, a large circular hole has been cut in frontt of thoe paster's: raiiidig 'dealsk. 'and ill this is inserted a diaplhrtgin'swhich intensifies the waves 9f. souibd antd these are transmitted throu"h tubes Lo the front seat'in the cliurch, where each deaf person is supplied wili'l a tib, to wvhici is attached anrear piece; Disastrous storms in Spain. Fearfu storms visited the towns of \ralsadolid.the former c'aitil eif paih;? nd San Pedro, in t rovinc of Almeriai. One hundred and ixty houses wre destroyed, and ten persons *erekiillsid. ,mlo · 