On end on tUB Stage. Miss Amy Castles was born in July 1880. She is therefore 19 years old. MR. Harry Jewetfc has made a hit in Boston as John Storm in The Christian. . Miss Laura Roberts, sister of Mr. Harry _ Roberts, and the wife of Mr.- Charles Taylor junior, haB a little daughter, born in Calcutta. MR. I. Zangwill has dramatised his Children oj the Ghetto, and intends producing it under his own supervision, in the United States, in August next. THE Launceston " MufEa" are about to essay The School for Scandal, and preparations under Mr. Oscar Balfe's management are going on with spirit. THE Council of the Melbourne Liedertafel have just paid a marked compliment to the French tenor by; electing him an honorary member of that body. AMERICAN statistics give 600 women as dramatic authors and theatrical managers; in the United States. There are 4000 actresses and 35.000 singers and musicians. Miss Flora Graupner, who hUs been in Germany some months, for the benefit of her health, has much improved by the charge and will shortly return to Melbourne. At the Adelphi Theatre, London, a new version of The Man in the Iron Masli, is. occupying the boards, with Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon in the leading parts. By the terms of Mr. Brought Agreement with Sir Henry Irving, Madame Sans Gene is'not. to be played in the Australian colonies during any IrviDg tour, should suoh there be. SIGINOR Arambour, a famous" Spanish opera singer, who was a favorite in London in the seventies, when he- was associated in performances with the late Mdlle, Titiens,died reoently at Chihuahua in Mexico. THE Covent Garden authorities have decided to inolude in their next season's work, La Boheme, by Pucoini, so that Madame Melba may repeat in London the remarkable success which she has made in the part throughout America. Mr. T. C, "Williamson offered Miss Amy Castles -fi30 a week to sing one song everynight in The Belle of Now York. Miss Castles was, however, unable to accept the tempting oifer owing to her promise not to appear in public prior to her benefit oonoert. Mis$ Ada Crossley was the sole vocalist at the great Wagner concert in Queen's Hall, London, on Good Friday; Madame Amy Sherwin, Madame Lilla Harrison; and Madame Bertha ROBSOW were engaged on the.same day at other leading concerts. Miss Louise I-Ippnftr entertained the twirls of the "purity brigade" in The Belle of New York, at after noon tea last Monday. The good feeling existing between the pretty little prima donna and the various groups around her was seen in the animated and friendiy st^le of the gathering. The guests received souvenirs of flowers and lithographed photographs of Miss Hepner, deoorated with the insignia of the "brigade" by Mr. Don. Fou fortunes to favourite actresses, Miss Mary Moore holds pride of place, as quite recently she inherited £20,000 from Madame Gabrielli, a fashion able lady in London, with a taste foe boheunans. Miss Moore was the original Lady Jessica in The Liars. M. Napoleon Boffard has changed his song in Woman ami Wine for a new one, ? Quand I oiseau chante by Tagliafico. It is known in its translated form among English singers. The ending G malt gives M. Boffard good scope for his clear high notes, and his selection is well made. Miss Nellie Stewart designed the Geisha dresses, so her friends in London say, and it was hor idea, to keep the second act coloring in autumn tones, vary ing from yellow to red brown. Australians agree that the London Geisha was not so sumptuously dressed as the Melbourne production. AUSTRALIAN theatre-goers, who retain affectionate remembrances (as most of them do) of the dainty little Nina. Boucicault, will be pleased to learn that she has returned to the boards, and is appearing as " Sweet Lavender," in M r Edward Terry's revival of the play of that name at his own theatre. THE new London press adjective as applied to theatrioal criticism is "opulent." Everything is "opulent" from the adventuress in Garnao Sahib, which has only recently been put into rehearsal, down to a pantomime b.iby with an ear-piercing scream. Six months ago the popular adjective was " convincing." ME. August Manns, tho famous conductor, is said to possess nearly fifty ivory and gold-mounted batons, the gifts of admirers. The most expensive has a gem at the top, which sparliles as the conductor beats time. Mr. Manns has conducted the^ Crystal Palace conoerts for over <10 years, so that his batons average more than one a year. A MELBOURNE man who has just returned from his travels, was narrating a.chance meeting with Paderewski at a bathing place. Paderewski it appeared, had been swimming, and his long1 yellow hair and moustaches were wet and streaming. "Did he look like a water-god," questioned a romantio girl eargerly. "No," hesaid, "more like a walrus." Woman and Wine goes from one week to another without the least ohaDge. To- morrow (Saturday night) the thirty-first performance will be given, and a piece that leaches its thirty-first repetition has a breeziness and zest that keeps it fresh as long as it is before , the public. The magnificent accessories to the Melbourne production of Woman ' and Wine are astonishing people who have just seen I the play in London, and the hundred details evolved from Mr. Bland Holt's busy braia, provide some capital business for the. Joss prominent characters. Applause centres on the Japanese ball, the French steepleohase, and the flower market, none of which lessen in attractiveness by even the shadow of a hairsbreadth. Kehearsnls are going on for the brand new drama How London Live?, Jbut iVith. such crowds attendant on Woman '-there i's not likely to be any alteratiou for ^tf^tHgr-fbrtnight.' f O MJiV . ? CONSIDERABLE surprise has.^Ipeon' expressed in - political circles at the action oMM^omuii£(;^.e. of the:C National Association in promo^^tiljp/^oniiisition asldng the mayor of Melbourne, Mrs^MfEaoharn, to stand for the seat in the Legislative Counoil vaoant by death of Mr. Service. 'It was generally understood that some months &go; Mr, Ssrvic© hnd PnaoiPal supporters to bring forward Mr, J. M, Davies as his successor, and this fact must have been known to tho National Ap3ociation, which organisation was certainly aware of the faot that Mi'". Al'Eaohara intondod to contoat Mr, GK D.' Carter for the representation of Molbounie in the Assembly at the next geaeral election. Mr. J. M, Davies, who was defeated by Mr. Godfrey at the 1895 election for the South "Yarra Province, has a long and praiseworthy rooord as a member of the Counoil, and of several Ministries, W. S. Penley's new play, A. Litib n ^ which is having a successful inn f Theatre, is pronounced " the W London." Ib relates the adventuT J* fty Lord Markham (Mr. Penley) who r Australia with a large fortune, and V' ®!'' ancestral home on the eve of V;0 ,1V63 at* with Sir Philip Ashton s and the funCOsr results from Lord Markham, who "s uLn® ^ give his name, being mistaken for cmiL11"-? different people, the bridegroom belinvi a money-lender into whose hands ha C,iS.? from whom the old lord finally rescues h£ ,1: A CURIOUS instance of the wav th0 i hands is shown in the Sydney theabrP, which used to be regarded as the hom« drama, has been spruced up and devotl,^ worship of Comus under Mr. Brou-h' ment. The real court of comedy, the ifm! n?" is almost apoplectic in its pride »fc w,r' SbaWari.n play f"r M,. Ri,Ll'a\ft wonders with the place in Othello. Her v. so long associated with Mr. EienoW'^ ^ tenanted by Williamson nnd MuskWrW in succession, while the Lyceum which J to.suit that firm's requirement iB \Ba.J Charles Holloway for a season of melodrama The toy terrier " Warrior," who takes m Women and Wine, belongs to Miss Lucy Copnin out of consideration to its Manx nationality U it "Pete," "Warrior" is its stage name, has quite a number of young friends before behind the curtain, and a few nights no, elaborate packet, in tissue paper and ribboi,!"t. It enclosed a red Bilk collar from a little ohiid? objected to the white one, as not looking enough for the stage pet. The new cot dozzled the dog that he added some novelty tot business of the scene by licking Mr, Bland Hi bijou bottle of whisky. The manager's " How Ji you, you blackguard !" brought down the houses the laughter was inoreased by the comical wayf: dog licked his lips. The last time a version of The Time jlMfe was played in Molhourne was nine years ago atti old Opera HOUSH, where an American actor, Mr Thorne, appeared in Melbourne. Mr. Dampier had the dramatization of the novolfc but his present version is a re- arrangeraent oil! play. Both the London versions were adap of former plays, as the novel was found too i to represent adequately on the stage, The Willi! son and Musgrove piece is bought from Mr Baerbci Tree. Mr Rignold, who is collaborating with J Bernard Espinasse, is remodeling an old dramsfin tion with a keen eye on tho book. Meanuli inquisitive people are asking what is Mr. Dan tor doing that he does not .announce a version too? 0: perhaps, he has produced it already? Should other local manager' feel the want of Tht Tit Musketeers, he has only to oable to London audi) ceive the MS'by the next mail from a certain J® traiian playwright who always has a "venia ready of anything or everything. Thethioo reft: sentatives of Miladi are as follows;-Miss Heorielt Watson, Miss Lilian W h eeler and M iss Lily ® .pier,. Last arid, least, a dramatic troupo m « West coast of Now Zealand have " a version, \- Mb, Philip Newbury, before it was diseovor# had a voioe, had a great idea of reciting, and a day school gatherings and the like tho :e"'J ... boy used to-hold forth with delight. At one of U affairs the clergyman was s^ing near nt» platform when young Newbury stood up to > said two lines, bub the minister leaning o , pered " Louder! louder 1 they oau t li® J . Unabashed, Newbury stopped his recitation,Jwo steadily down to the back of the hftl« ^ olalmed, "'Ladies and gentlemen, tho' Blank (mentioning the clergyman by you cannot hear me-now, can your tremendous uproar, laughter and i»l>P;l>1 5' "y0f; general shout of " Yes," fromthe bia . good," said the youngster, " Then 111 go . did undisturbed to the finish, \- ' rrnr with too much imported TjA^^an Offered some of his ladies the ,A"j. nrl his hands .oue^ -tfnp-land at once, passage ,or"tTrTni 3d'on'1 wlth -VfnAustralia on salary, but out of &01l0wainingm Aus ecide(j on the latter, ©II »»'l!'"* n «pt tbe slang Of the P'ol?" isfmluras. and £ M°P they draw their salaries :; ^BB«»K^iDq"e^cbaJd^afrath^r more than hig I, Mr. Harry B people. First among them I trronp °,f,.° Moorg nnd Mr. Albert Bellman. JU'% £ Her Other Husband, which has just ^ew skotcb, -H om0dyj quaintness and quick lomli.nation nt ^^/'a \ib as anything this "'lu01 done Mr. Horace Wheatley's comic fbavo done. invariably encored, the Leslie 4and^n X r turn bright, and Mr. George 3§ers 'i^ Uig variously Bhone as a comedian in J.nn'vocalist, actor and dancer, finds scope for ,ls a descriptive and character vocalist. &SJ5.; -evSat good songs and. bis old S' l fv iq nssurod. Tho company also includes 'rtrlud Say well, Miss Elsie Golding., Mr. Fred. W Mr Hamilton Hill, Miss Stella .Banger, Ed Saylos, Misses Delroy and Lynne, Florrie Wllettie Patey, Messrs Will Whitburn, I red jB and J. Beresford, A matinee is given every K. Charles Arnold tells a good story in oon-: n with his clergyman's costume in What -wif to Jones. Tie wanted to be perfectly ^ and for that purpose went to one of-the .n'own ecclesiastical tailors in London. The cr-room was full of divines, from bishops down rates, dear old gentleman and timid-looking ; Spaldinga. Mr. Arnold was almost the only mufti. Quoth he to the cutter ' I wish the Ha aud knickers very tight, as I have to put on 'commercial traveller's trousers over them, re must be only about four buttons on the waist the rest to be dummies, as I have to do a ['?change in tho wings.' At this the gentleman 'metaphorically. The dear old. Dean looked ed through his big gold glasses j the curates sliko frightened fawns, for never had they seen fellow-priest before. In due course Mr. d received at his private address his clerical _ addressed to ?' Rev. Charles Arnold,' for is tho force of habit that the clerks in the lishuient had forgotten that he was only play boing a priest." :London Era speaks of some legal proceedings ich Mr. Nat Goodwin is the defendant. The deala with an infringement of the Copyright oncoming an American drama, entitled Oongross ohu Maxwell. The suit was commenced two ago when Mr. Goodwin was playing Ambition icngo. lb appears that Congress was submitted . Goodsvin long before, and that part of it hud appropriated and introduced in Ambitionj the r of the latter play being set down as Henry Carlton. The judge said that the question iacy was not whether the.dialogue was copied !p or in part, bub whether the material points of cenario or plot had been appropriated. He held it plaintiff and defendant took their material a common source there was no ground for m hearing of the oase it was stated Mr, boodwin had said "I intended paying him ung but now he will get nothing from me." .osuit or tho action seems to. be that Mr. Good lii navo to pay heavy damages to John Maxwell, io ruling is quashed by the higher courts. ior agaosses the damages at something like ?la '°Ju.wl,,oh would appear Amerioan play otout j.°ouroc^ *Q own country, if they cof?niH^,RUeB^0^Sir Walter Besant that/: or of tliiA ,,*lsa Yonge's -great. services as oimi'iinrini high-toned- literature "ft Xooiaft whl"1Lf°r the last fifty years has moricfi. i r ?u ®nRiand, and the admiration tol in wd- °fc,hGr oountries, a University bWinoWrinrr- ll,?1,Cinamo< should be founded " parts oF°m ! S°hool, which reoeives girls i V Tha author of Tho its l'oun'fin4i^a " °°nneoted with this sohool RoniDnt and ?8'1' ftS 0I^e the Gounoil of villufo of ntMT 18 no Piaoe outside of her than th« " Qrb°ul'UQ mor° linked with her o tins "lafl?vncl6nt i°^y ?*. Winchester. Miss fools that uU°'n?(? int«nded honor be 'l3- Tho 2 i benefit many generations f°«nd a q\i°i be required in y°ar ana luM £ ?u°f "CG° to bo Rivon S,tuto '»> iucomo ot !cLG0rOe y°firS s-t,h,a- WlU largH "ssod) or biiulII """" '* ymv' Donations, (ohoquos and postal orders to aaoui-.v.mv .!," fj.ua postal oraora uo I'-rship t° tho "Charlotte Yon go iioatur, or t,n' f, A0 London and County Bank, Dormt.n . on' 'I'rf'aanror, tho Kov. ,1. ,ny CoUhko, WinohoBtor. THIS farewell dramatic season which Mr. Julius Knight and Miss Ada .Ferrar commence to-morrow Saturday night, at the Princess, will include the revival of five plays, one of which, Pygmalion and Galatea, has not been presented in Melbourne for several years. Tho Knight-Ferrar Company added it to their repertory in New Zealand, and it was found very workable and very popular. Since the far-off time when Miss IJattie Shepherd first created the part of Galatea, leading ladies have been somewhat afraid of attempting to portray the beautiful statue. The most recent Galateas h ave been Miss Essie Jenyns and Hilda Spong, whose physical charms atoned for their mannerisms. Pygmalion, the sculptor, is just as exacting, and the other characters i are so perfectly expressed by the author (W. S. Gilbert), that the least carelessness would mar a whole scene. That the Knight-Ferrar revival has met with approval whereever it has been given says much for the high efficiency of the Com pany, and Melbourne people are justified in anticipating the event with pleasure. Three per formances of Pygmalion and Galatea will be given, with a little curtain-raiser, A White Stocking, by El ward Ferris and Arthur Stewart. , Wednesday afternoon and evening are set apart for The-Lady of, ? Lyons, and the remainder of the week to Harbor Lights. A Royal Divorce and The Sign of the Cross fill in the season, Thursday. May 18, being announced as the final night. CINQUEVALLI,'the famous juggler, has ushered in a new season at the Bijou, and audiences are agape with wonder at his marvellous balancing feats. His pictures are-everywhere, so that spectators are familiar with him the moment he steps forward. For half an hour he fascinates people, though now and again he takes delight in frightening folk with his vagaries. The cannon ball, which is generally seen in his pictures, is his celebrated trick. When he allows it to fall crashing on the stage, the noise is sufficient guarantee as to immense weight, oyer 401b. Cinquevalli seems to persuade the mass to revolve around his head in a most eerie and uncanny way. The stick that at first supports the cannon-ball is sent flying, and the weight descends just when and where the juggler wishes. The onlookers are thrilled but they are too fascinated to remove their eyes. Another pet trick is with a tall hat, cigar, and umbrella. These go spinning into the air, and before people have time to think the hat has fallen on Cinquevalli's head, the umbrella into his hand, ! and the cigar into his mouth. A half-crown springs unerringly from his foot to his eye j he lights a I candle as he throws it into tho air ; and turns him , self into a game of billiards that makes hundreda of I eyes twinkle with laughter or blink with wonder. | Then follow a dozen other devices, which lead up to I the oomedy of the cannon-ball, concluding with an | extraordinary manifestation of strength, smartness, and surety.. The assistant, who has no inconsider able part to play in helping his chief, is very clever and very natural, and never tries to over-do his work^ As tho first juggler in the world Cinquevalli has made his name for years pttstJf:biub1li''e''fs^lalso, a humorist and pantomimist of ntj^iggan skill, and hi^> command over his audience 'ier little shorfc~^of .vonderful. (»( 8 MKYP9 \ DANTJS'S magic is a good medwtm^tJti^f^ii melo drama and music, and all classes oJ "th'GKtiie*''goers are rushing to St. George's Hall, 'Tho " house- full " cards have had to be hunted out for use, and even then Mr. Lohr looks regretfully at the vestibule, and wishes Dante would stock it with magical chairs for the accommodation of clamouring crowds. To the multitudinous marvels of- the programme Dante has added a new card trick, or rather an old trick done in a startlingly new fashion. After the pack has been duly shuffled, out, and three cards chosen, the pack is placed in a glass vase, and set on a table. Dante at the other sido of the stage waves his hand, and the ohosen caifds rise under their glass cover with the weird precision of the ghosts in Maobolh; The cards and vase are shown for examination, and finally a man> in the audienoe '. cuts" the paok. which is again placed in the glass Bhade. Still the cards rise in obedienoe to Dante's mysterious power. Other conjurers have tried the triok, but without the glass vase. The cabinet seanoe and the box .mystery' remain as inexplioable as ever, and this part of the entertainment alone is tho highest proof of the perfection.to which Dunto has btought his art. .Not the least val uable of his equipment is his manner. He is imperturbable in his urbanity 5 he smiles throughout, unless when he exclaims laughingly " .badies and gentUuuon, you see how simple .ID tUl is !'' The comedy ia kept up 1','om first to last, and a fUBillade of aiuuaiug comment accompanies every triok, whether Dante be oolleoting magical half- crowns off the bald-heads of.gentleman in the' audience, or pouring -di in!.a out; of ' the enchanted bottle, or explaining his supper, or the: fate of. Madame Sans Gene O.ioe only is he silent, when he becomes Mephistopheles in 27io Beggar's Dream. This little episode, apart from it a merit as an illusion, is a oapival bit or pnntomiine, gracefully acted and dramatically told, Mademoi selle IQdmunda aots her part, or succession of parts, with considerablo chUrm. Madame Sans Gene's fate soems to render her fire proof, and her urf uiation as tho'beggar is a natural proludn to hnr flume dance and bioyolo tworobin/.f. A matinee ia utinorincied for to-morrow (Saturday,) afternoon. . . 