Aar ASSWKB. " BUT WHAT WILL THE BEAL THU? G BEÎ" The taunta of a world for long wexe heard "Yoa of the northern aea. Where are the men- to batk your word, The legions yon mast free ? Ships are but ships ; where are the men . To hold your vast domain ? Our word on the fact, you will crumble when You war on the shore again." Mote was the land they thus assailed, For that is the British way. Rail they might as they ever railed, For a dog m n st have, his day. No sign at all save the patt ol-fleet As it cleft the wave in two. No sign but the flag they dare not meet As meteor-like it flew. But a loader taunt, a word that spurned . An aot that was meant to brand, And the Genius of the Nation turned And raised a beckoning hand Forth from the corners of tho world Wherever the free find place, Her legions sprang with the flag nnfurl'â The watchman of the raoe. One trumpet call and into their ships A hundred thonFand ponr'd, With olose-drawn browa and firm-set lips Men of the British s wold ! And the world that sneered shrank baot appalled .' If Britain finds this light, What will it be when they are called, ./ And the raoe nata forth its might?" ? ? - - , FALCON. .'.''THB'.FBDEBAV SITE.-Tho selection of: the-Bite for the Federal capital is a matter whioh will rest with the Federal Parliament. We do not suppose, however, that the micsion ot the preliminary inquiry with whioh Mr. Alexander Oliver has been, entrusted by the New South Wale» Government will be regarded'as. a bresbbu ol privilege, or. as an' endeavor to improperly inflaenoe the judgment of the tribunal whioh will ' be called upon to give a fiual deoieion on' this issue. That information he colleota will simply be available as evidence, and it will be as a. witness, and not as an arbiter, that he will, be reoeivcd. There is no reason to doubt that Mr. Oliver'will perform his duty with, discretion, but even an-unfavorable estimate, of the suitabilities of any particular Biter will not prevent the olaims of that situation, being ngain presented for review when the time really oomes for the choice to be determined, The aspirations ot innumerable oláimantB to the distinction ore, therefore,, being somewhat prematurely Btirred. Mr Oliver bas visited Albury, OraDge, Goulburn,. Yass and Queanbeyan, without noarly exhausting his list. When all authentic information has been obtained, the number of suggested Bites will be diminished, in Mr.. Oliver's opinion, to about six, between which the Federal authorities will have to decide. The question has been raised whether Federal appropriation of the 108> square miles of territory whioh New South. Wales has agreed to hand over is to take the form of absolute ownership or simply of' Federal control. The rights of private* owners will certainly be respected, but it, will be quite another matter to give them & present of the betterment whioh will follow on a large Federal expenditure.-Melbaurne? Zeader. . THE BELLE OF NEW YORK.-" The Belle' ot New York has a proto-type in real life. Miss Emma Tan Norden, type in real life President of the Bank ot North America, an immensely wealthy girl, is doing practical work with the Salvation Army in the alums', of London. Recently her sister Cora has joined the ranks also. But although Miss. Van Norden adopts the principles of the " army," she jibs at the uniform, and, instead of the regulation poke bonnet and blue* tunic, she wears the neatest of tailor-made» costumes, with irreproachable oollar and tie.. She is helping to edit the children's paper, the "Young Soldier," at present. BotbL sisters li rurally help tba funds., from their own'pockets.' , OLD MOOBE OK 1U0O.-"Old Moore's. Almonao" for 1900 has already appeared. In April it prediots that one of the great ones of the realm will die. The health of the Sovereign is twioe unfavorably presaged hy the stars, onoe in December. Taxpayers will dread August, for then by a freak on the part of Uranus a heavy drain will comer upon the public purse, and rates and taxes will go up higher and higher. There are plenty of Big Englandism running through) the prophecies. For Instanos, in Ootober the Gaul will become aggressive, eeoonded hy- the Bear of the North, and the greatest vigilance will be required to thwart her designs. The double-headed eagle of Ger- many will hold aloof, and the British Lion must rely upon its own strength and valour to resist the Dual Alliance. AMERICA'S NEW GUM.-The United State» hsB just adopted for nae in the army and> navy a gun capable of greater rapidity of fire than any gun of tho same calibre and: olass in existence. The new weapon is ev six-pounder, and by that is meant that it. fires a shell weighiDg six pounds, though the cartridge complete weighs about Im- pounds. The extraordinary rate of fire of 60 shots per minute has been obtained from, the new gun in firing tests. Heretofore tho best work reoorded for a six-ponnder has. been at the rate of 22 shots per minute. The - eeoret of the firing prowess of the new weapon lies in the semi- automatio charaoter of ita mechanism. When guns load anrSl fire themselves without any other assistance than the plaoing of the initial load in the bore and in the maintaining of pressure on the trigger they are known ns " automatio weapons." When the gnn ejects its empty cartridge case and opens its breach as the result of the recoil occasioned by the firing ot the weapon, it is termed semi-automatic"' The new six-pounders are of the latter type» GIBL BULL-FIOIITEBS.-A bull-fight, in whioh part of the toreadors and matadors the first of the kind in France-was per- formed by Spanish girls, took place at. Bordeaux, and was witnessed by a larg» crowd. There were six girla engaged, andV they all exhibited great pluck and daring ia. throwing the banderillas and in evading th» bulls, bnt whon it came to giving the death stroke they were unequal to the ocoasion.. Five/bulls were slaughtered, and three of the poor brutes were subjected to terrible? suffering, owing to the lack of strength anet sureness of aim of the girl handling the sword, As one of the bulla lay in its last Bgony on the ground, the audience yelled: frantically to the girl to despatch it, bub blow after blow was given without being; mortal, and the poor girl, becoming hope- lessly nervous through her repeated failures and the clamour of the people, who wore> shouting to the president to interfere, waa oompellèd to withdraw and allow a man to give the 'finishing stroke. The whole fight; was a spectacle of unnecessary oruelty, owing to the bungling in finishing the poor brutes. - THE' GOSPEL OF IMPBBIALISM.-The latest " scot " in the United States calla itself "The Holy Ghost and Us Society.'* Tho founder is tho Rev. Frank W. Sandford, whose doctrine is Imperialism before every- thing else. He puts nn Anglo-American, alliance even before the Gospel. Hedeolaree* that it is distinotly prophesied in the Bible that the English and the Americans together will rule the world after conquering alt. other countries, whioh they will do in ono long, bloody war. Next to Imperialism, Sandford places prayer, teaching tbat there is no miracle that cannot be -accomplishes through an appeal to Heaven by tho hely. In the temple there ara always twclvo mon at prayer. There are 1S00 students, malo and female, at the institution being instruct- ed in the now fuith. 