The Cromwell of the Old Testament. \- (By the Rev. Joseph Parker, D.D.) (Concluded.) (Our London correspondent some weeks ago cabled that Dr. Parker, minister of the City Temple, London, had preached a most sensational sermon, In the course oC which he had used the phrase, "God damn the Sultan." We now reprint the sermon from the "British Weekly.") "When I heard this thine, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my-^beard, and sat down astonished,"-unmanned, | humiliated, shattered.-Ezra 9, 3. Dr. Parker commences with the statement, "We have lost the genius of indignation; no man Is astonished now," and he asserts that when we have astonishment'at moral outrages, crimes, sins, we are no longer worthy to live. "The great charge w.hich I have to bring against some men," he says, "is not personal, but that they, unknowingly it may be, "utterly misconceive and totally misre- present the purpose of the Incarnation." He maintains that we must distinguish between per- sonalities and principles. Ezra, he says, was the Cromwell of the "Old Testament," whose history was afveryrcurious one. This, he explains and illustrates, and then proceeds to show how J3zra would spealc "and act to-day, in dealing with cer- tain wrongs which present themselves. It must be remembered that Dr. Parker was addressing an audience of Nonconformists, on the occasion of their "Tercentenary Celebration," and on the man who, to them, was an ideal leader. To this au- dience he says:-When I heard tliat A NONCONFORMIST GOT RICH and went back into the Cabinet, and turned his back on his father and"his mother, so far as their principles and their education Tvere concerned; when I heard that a man Kad turned his back upon the Nonconformity that washed him, clothed him, educated him, gave MnrChis first chance In life, arid then went over to the side that had done no- thing for -him but persecute his ancestors, I rent my garment and my mantle, and I sat down aston- ished; and I would not have him preside att a meeting. I would bear the loss; I would count his absence a gain. We are not interested in re- j Jigion otherwise than as religion; the great libera- tion Wea is religion essentially; political, acci-r dentally or consequently; but the great central fundamental idea is this, that a «tate church mis- _ represents the Christ, misrepresents «very wound "in - His dear body, misrepre- sents the purpose -.of His incarna- tion. , That is my charge, that my impeachment, and from that I cannot-he seduced. I believe that I we may have to get ria bl Some people; I grow j-ingly feel that we may be fewer and yet stronger. ' I am wearied with your milk-and-water men, and I .am weariedr with any party that only tampers and palters with great questions, and I would not raise a hand to bring back any party that Drought with it only a shuffling and superficial programme. We want a fundamental, a Beneficent, a recon- structive policy. I do not now count hands, I have left the fallacy of quantity and gone over to the truth of quality. -¿Many a good cause has been driven down, and "will be driven down this spring, as it has taeen for many other springs, ab- solutely driven down hy an overwhelming medio- crity. I do not want to be a popular preacher; I want the preacher, whether he be popular or un- popular, to be fearless, "independent, gracious, in- flexible in justice. You'may starve him, but God will nourish his soul. .When I heard that t - THE KAISER WENT TO THE EAST, and after a dinner--h©ár"thís, for there is no more solemn word lu the speech of Christianity-when I heard that the Kaiser went to a dinner, and in an after-dinner epeech said, "My friend,' the Sul- tan," I was astonishes!; I could have sat down ,in humiliation ann terror. The Great Ascassin had insulted, civilisation and outraged every.Christian sentiment, and defied concerted Europe. He may have been the Kaiser's friend, he was not yours, he was not mine, he was not God's. Down with such speaking! and let*every man's voice he heard on this matter; then the Liberals may come back to power. ' So long as any man can say, "My I friend, the Sultan/' I wish to have no commerce'of friendship with that man. The Sultan drenched I the lands with blood, cut up man, women, .and children, spared none; ripped np the womb, ba yonetted the bate, and did all manner of hellish iniquity. He may have been the Kaiser's friend, but in the name of God, in the name oE the ^Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost- speak- ing of the Sultan, not US an individual, not merely as a-man, but speaking of him as the Great As- sassin-I say, God damn the Sultan ! When I heard that these things were done I rent my garment and my mantle, and I sat down un- manned, with A GREAT SOBÍN MY THROAT; I thought the caee of mankind was given up even by the Lord that redeemed the race. When I the other day had na account s:nt in to me to be paid, and w"hen I read one word in that account, I rent .my mantle and my garments, and I sat down as- tonished. It was a bill for a grave, the deepest grave I ever dug, and at th^ top of the bill was a designation of. the "eround, and that one word was" ..Urcon'iecr<ited." " Shame! a- thousand shames! Who WBs laid there? A brain that never enter- tained an ignoble thought, a heart that never had a selfish desire, a hand that was never stretched out but in helpfulness and love, and to call her resting place unconsecrated-a thousand shames. Let the whole earth cry ShameJ These are not things to be r¡?í=sed OVET lightly. They may mean nothisg to soîTe pcosle, but it meant much to :ui? It mean': a wound wüere the wound was nlr?ady tto.dcep, it meant viîriol poured upon a red gàpiriu , 7,-ound. "Uncou^ccrattdi" caid I. Am 1 to be told .that this is merely a" technical term, slniyiy j a mero verbal expression, notifying only an ec- clesiastical arrangement? No, it is moro; it ia a knavish trick-it is a popish device.. It ia a detestable blasphemy. I will more and more, so help me God, ENDEAVOR TO BE FAITHFUL TO ' the principles which I cherish and to the religloa which has redeemed me, and I will be more and more faithful to those who have made England a possible country to live in. Of course, we shall all be condemned for our violent methods and our violent expletives, and for our ungovernable and hyperbolical ways of representing other views and phases of truth. I am prepared to pay the price. Let these pews, which I have had around me some thirty years, be emptied, and let my stipend go down to a crust and a spoonful of water, and let who may go from me, I shall be richer with- out them if they do not sympathise with me ia these deep convictions and grand enthusiasms. When I heard that some men took Protestant money and practised popery, I sat down astonish- ed. It is an unpardonable paradox; it is a most blas- phemous irony. I do join in the cry, when proper- ly defined, No popery! There is a sense ia which we all disavow it; that is, the sense in which we would limit a teacher of the popish re- ligion and forbid him to teach his dogmas and practise his ceremonies under state penalty. No, thing of the kind. Let every.man have THE FULLEST LIBERTY to expound his principles and to practise his ritual, hut I say, No popery in Protestantism! When I say No popery, 1 am not condemning the Pope, but I am condemning men who, taking Protestant money, are serving popish ends. I accuse many 8T doing this very thing. I cannot give them credit for being honest. - I believe that such kind of practice begets a species of conscience that deals casuisti cally with itself. I am willing to make all allow- ances in ithat direction; but Protestantism is one thing, and popery is another, and we must broadly distinguiEfh between the two, and we murat bo either the one thing or the other. I can rasped; an honest Papist, I can respect an honest Pun tan, but I cannot respect the man who tries to be both at ono and the same time. We must take great care how we conduct ourseves along these lines, for they are most delicate. There may be a Nonconformist ritualism, there may be a dissenting sacerdotalism. Let us be very careful, the:<ef:re, about OUR REGULAR MINISTRIES, and ordained ministers, and our regulated and scheduled way of doing things which nobody else can be allowed to do except under our suggistion or supervision. Away with it! If it be a ques- tion of order, so far so good, and right, and pro- per, and it may be in many cases almost essential to the happy working of things. I am speak- ing about a principle, not about an occasional or an incidental feature and circumstance; but would that all the Lord's people were prophets! I know the danger; I know that some persons might get into the pulpit who have no business to be there; -but I, having stood before tfhe people fifty odd yeais as a preacher, I can trust the people. They know who's who. I represent no man, no committee is responsible for my utterance. I have spoken per- sonally, independently, fearlessly, and i£ my Irlends can in any degree accept the main purport of my definitions and appl'cattons I shall be de- lighted and thankful to God. But these aie my oqnvictions, and the time has come when e\ery man must speak plainly and frankly. 