The Pope at St. Peter's. -+ IMPOSING AND PATHETIC CEREMONY. In the Cathedral of St. Peters, a Borne, was recently celebrated the 21s anniversary of the coronation of Pop Leo XIII., and the circumstance tha the Pope, of whose health such repeat edly grave reports have been,, had an nounced his determination, notwith standing the advice of his physician to be present, gave the occasion th« unique character of popular eagerness and enthusiasm. Some say 50,000 certainly 40,000-persons were at tracted to the Cathedral. So greal was the gathering in the great church, and so intense the heat, that the wo- men and children fainted. All ac- counts agree that the Pope, deeplj touched by the demonstration of popu- lar reverence^ looked extremely feeble and transparently pale. A correspon- dent, describing the entrance of His Holiness to the noble fane, says it rang with shouts .of " Ewiva i Papa " from thousands of throats, while seated on tiie mediaeval sedia gestatoria, preceded by the golden cross and followed by the flabelli, the Pope was borne slowly into the magnificent building. Another correspondent says, "Like* a ghost," many whispered, when the face, over shadowded by the glittering triple crown, became discernible, with the dark eyes peering from their deep soc- kets. The hands trembled visibly, and a sad smile played round his colorless lips. Holbein might have painted him as the personification of the vanity of human splendor. He was unable to walk without help, and his voice wss extremely weak and scarcely audible. He tried to raise himself, but fell back, and pronounced the benediction in a recuijbent position. A loud cry, like the bursting of a storm, broke from the multitude, and the Pope, stretch- ing out his hand in benediction, was carried out of St. Peter's. The corres- pondent records this affecting remark of the Pope at the conclusion of the servicer-"Ah i how weak X îèell'7 X' wonder if this will go down to" history as my last appearance in St. Peters ! " 