SCOUNDRELS AND CO. By COULSON KERNAPAN, Author of " Captain Shannon," " A Book of Strange Sine," " A Dead Man's Diary," "c. CHAPTER I.-(CouriuuecL) I " And where do I come in, an this business ?" asked the newly-appointed councillor nervously. | " Ah '. you are business-like," replied the chairman, with a smile. "Listen. The detective Is to Jame Councillor Nunn 1 Tier Heveu, as we will continue for the present to call him, at midnight, on board the yacht I have told you of. It will be our business to see that he is prevented from getting there, and you may rely upon our doing it, for the resources at our command can accomplish anything. We are going to take you ashore with us in the dingey when this meeting is concluded. There a skiff will be waiting for you, in which you will row out to pay a visit to Councillor Number Seven. In fact, you will go there personating his expected visitor, Detective Marden. He has never seen Marden, and doesn't even know what he is like, which simplifies matters very much. You see this indiarubber ball, scarcely bigger than a marble ? You will have no difficulty in concealing it in the palm of your left hand. You not see that there is a 'tiny tube or pipe to it Well, Councillor Number Seven Las a long story and a dry one to tell you, and from what I know of him I can promise you that he will offer you refreshment, and will not want much pressing to join you himself. You must make some opportunity when he is not looking to pass your hand over his drink. As you do so, squeeze the bail, and if one drop of what it contains goes into the whisky your business will be done. But even if you can't manage the business that way, you will have no difficulty in effecting his removal, for he has arranged to give the detective a berth for the night, and you can easily chloroform Ulm when he is asleep. We'll supply you with the drug for the purpose." " And what do I do with the body ?" asked the new councillor. His face was now deadly pale, and his fingers were picking at the hand on his coat while he spoke. "That too, we have arranged, was the answer. " You see that brown leather handbag on the locker ? Lift it. Rather heavy, isn't it Let me J show you what it contains. Tlite, weight attached to a chain is heavy enough to sink the bodies of two men. When your business with Councillor Number Seven is transacted, you will slip the chain round his ankle, fasten it so, and drop the body overboard. Then haul up the anchor, row ashore, and leave the yacht to drift with the tide. She may go a long way out to sea, and the farther the better. " On the first of next month the council meets again, when you will make your report. Put this letter in. your pocket. It contains instructions as to where we meet and under what circumstances. , " And now about the disguise. You received, before you come here to-night, the clothes you are wearing, the false beard and the rest of it, with instructions in regard to getting up.' " " Yes," sold the recruit ; " but I didn't know that all the seven were to be disguised alike, and it gave me a turn when I first came down (in the cabin. It is the cleverest thing I ever saw, fox be hanged if the seven of us aren't as alike as two peas. If we were all shuffled together like cards in a. pack I don't believe I could pick out any one of us again to save my life. What's it for, and how do you know each other again ?" .' We don't know each other again," was 'fine calm reply. " No 'main here except myself, so far as I am aware, knows the name of any of his fellow councillors. Why should they? There's no chance of my turning informer. If 1 turned Queen's evidence a thousand times over, at woxiMuU save my neck. ( What there is against me is too bad, and there's too much of it for that ever to be thought of. Hence we are known to each other only by a member. You are Number Seven, auld I am Number One, as I ought to be, for I originated the whole concern. Everynnau There has (been selected and invited to join us on my responsibility alone. I do the thing carefully, you omist aUlmiSt. In your own Stone, for instance, I knew what your auspicious were about the council, and I had satisfied myself that it would be safe to make overtures to you, or else you would not have received it-the invita- tion In response to which you are here to Delight. And yet you don't know who I am, or whether you and I have ever met until to-night. Is afflict so I" " It Is." The admission was made grudgingly and reluctantly. But, blended with something very like fear there was, in the way in, which she words were spoken, the «u/bimtesion of one who reCognise this master. \- -As for your inquiry, What's It for ?' " went on the councillor who had called himself " Number One," " I should hardly have thought a man of your accused would have needed to put the question. The facts about a con- cern of this sort can't be kept too close. Why should you put your heads into a noose of which others hold the string ? Don't you see It's safer for each individual councillor if his identity is kept a secret I This man whom you are replacing on the council, if he'd known who his fellow-councillors were, it is very possible that he'd have given all our names to the police, and that each of us would have had two or three detectives on his track who would have arrested us separately. As it is, all he can tell them is, that the whole of us meet here to-morrow night ; but who we are and where we sang out he can't say ; so that it is only now and then and for a few hours, that we run any danger. And I need hardly tell you that we didn't come here to-night until I had satisfied myself that no trap was being laid to take us, and that there was nothing stirring among the police beyond what I have already spoken of. Can't you see, too, what advantage this system of our all being disguised alike presents '* You will have to put your beard and wig in your bag when you go to see Number Seven, because you go to him personating Marden. But you will resume the disguise when the business is done. Suppose you are seen coming ashore after accomplishing' the job, and a description of you gets into the hands of the police. They will at once inquire at the two railway stations di a man answering to your description has been seen, and they will be told ' Yes,' for the six of us will be leaving Southend-as far as possible by different routes or by different trains-and the police will be getting all over the country after us, leaving the course i almost clear for you. Don't you see | how it scatters the scent ? And even if they lay hands on one of us-which they won't, for our plans are all prepared beforehand we have so arranged things that it would be easy enough for the one in question to clear himself. That was how we managed the Duchess of Doncaster's business. The man was seen-it was one of us here I needn't say which-and but for our trailing a red herring across the track, he might have been nabbed. But we switched the hobbles off upon another scent, and a pretty fools' dance they were led, while the rail man got away with the swag. The police are at a big disadvantage In fighting us. When we bring off any little job, they start knowing nothing about it, and what they get to know they have to find out, which takes time ; whereas we start knowing all about it, and with all our arrangements made beforehand. In fact, seven determined men with brains, all working to gether as we do, can snap their fingers I at Scotland Yard and it seems to me that there is a big future for this syndicate as a business concern. What say you, Councillor Number Seven 1 Are you still as strong as ever on join- ing us ?" " Yes." I " Very well. Let's get to business. We'll go ashore now, gentlemen, and arrange for the new councillor, Number Seven here, to make his little call upon Councillor Number Seven that was." He rose from his chair as he spoke, and led the way to the deck, the recruit following close behind him with the bag. In a very few minutes the dip of their oars Had died away, and, cramped and chilled by my long vigil, I crept out from my hiding-place into the now empty cabin, wondering; how best I could go to work to frustrate the villainy of this precious Syndicate of Scoundrels. ,, . 4 < , to ' '\\_.;a..l_iüf CHAPTER II. I was not long in making up my mind. Had I known anything of yachting, I should have got up anchor, run out the sails, and sailed in to shore ; but no First Lord of the Admiralty knows less about a boat than I did at that time. Row ashore I could not, as the rascals who had just left had taken the dingey, and I did not like to call out for help, lest I should bring the same crew of scoundrels back to the yacht. Unless I made an effort to swim to the pier- head I should have to remain on board all night, and in the meantime murder was being done. Without more ado I slipped off my clothes and dived into the water, striking out with all my strength. But it was not to be. The tide was now setting seaward at a great pace. Struggle as I would, I soon realised that It was impossible to reach the pier heads so I ceased swimming and, turning on my back, let the current drift me, feet fore- most in the direction of the yacht again, paddling meanwhile with my hands, that I might keep my body on an even keel. As we neared the yacht I raised my head a little and squinted across my chest to my' toes, to make sure that I should not be carried past her. in doing so I caught a glimpse of another small vessel that lay some quarter of a mile farther out to sea and in the direct line of the current. It was no doubt the very craft on which the crime was to be committed. With the tide in my favour it would not be difficult to reach her, so I turned on my chest again, and passing under the yacht's crew, 1 struck out boldly for the farther craft. By the time I reached her, however, I was fairly pumped out, and when some care jumped up suddenly and called out. " Is that you, inspector V" I thought it better to say " Yes," and to get on board as soon as possible, than to expend what little breath still remained in my body by entering into what under any circumstances would be a difficult explanation. I "Well, I've always heard that you were a tricky one, Marden," said my new friend. " But I'll be hanged if this doesn't beat cock-nglifciifg. Fancy your swimming all the way out so that no one should know where you were going to. I guess you're blow a bit, aren't you a We'll go below and have a drink, if you'll wait here a minute while I light the lamp." My swim from one yacht to the other had been undertaken. in such a hurry that I had not had time to speculate upon the probable appearance of the person whom I had come there to warn ; otherwise I should not have been so un- prepared to find, when I joined him in the cabin, that he resembled in every way the seven mysterious beings whose extraordinary and uncanny likeness one to the other bad so stat tied me an hour ago. Had I given the matter a moment's thought, I might have known that there was nothing strange in the fact that he was still wearing his disguise. But the events of the night had made me suspicious, and as I stood there staring at him I could not help asking myself, " What if I am too late What if this is not the man who was marked out for murder, but the murderer himself ? Why did he bid me wait while he went down to light the lamp V and why was he so long about it Can it be that I surprised him at his devilish work, and that while I was waiting shivering on deck he was putting the body out of sight and clearing away the evidence of his crime ?" While all this was passing through my mind my companion had been star Jug back at me in a way that showed that he, too, was ill at ease. " What's the matter, inspector ?" he said, looking about him nervously. Anyone would think you had seen a ghost. The cold swim has affected you a. bit, hasn't it Help yourself to a whisky. That'll put life into you sooner than anything." He pushed a spirit decanter and water bottle towards me with one hand, pointing with the other to a rack on my right, where some glasses were neatly arranged. 1 poured out a liberal allowance, and tossed off the half of it at a gulp. "Why shouldn't this child have a drink, too ?" my companion said, with a feeble pretence at jocularity, stretching a hand across my tumbler to get at the occupier. ~ t 'There was nothing in the action to arouse suspicion under ordinary circumstances ; but as I thought of the indiarubber ball, small enough to be concealed in the palm of the band, and of the deadly poison it contained, a sudden panic seized me, and, scarcely knowing what I did, I snatched up my half emptied tumbler and dashed its contents on the floor. The man sat staring at me with a look in his eyes that to my dying day I shall not forget. His mouth dropped open -all awry, like that of a paralysed man. His face went gray, his lips white, then screaming out, You're not Inspector Marden at all I knew it from the first. You are one of those infamous Seven-one of those devils from hell-come here to prevent me handing you over to justice !" he sprang forward, mouthing and gibbering at me like a monkey, and with outstretched twitching fingers pointed at my throat. I was on my feet in an instant, more anxious to explain the mistake into which he had, not unnaturally, fallen, than to defend myself. But neither course was necessary, for the next in- stant his arm dropped to his side, and with a great groan he fell forward motionless upon the table. Agitation had brought on syncope of the heart. The man whose life I had come there to save was dead. (To be continued.) At the Central Police Court on Thursday, before Mr. OF M. Murray, P.M., one drunk had his bail forfeited for non-appearance. For imbibing too freely John Houghton was fined 10s., or twelve hours' gaol, while Kate Downey was ordered to pay £1, or suffer imprisonment for twenty four hours. For being drunk and disorderly Maria Bilson was told to hand over £2, or be incarcerated for a month and Jerome Kearns was mulcted in the sum of 10s., in default twelve hours. David Ross was charged with indecent exposure, obscene language, and assaulting a constable for the first offence he was fined £1, or seven days, for the second £3, or a month, and for the third £1, or seven days For being drunk and using obscene language Norah Keane was * fined 10s., or twelve hours, and £3 or three months. For using obscene language Joseph Myers was ordered to pay £2, or suffer forty-eight hours in the cells, j . 'v r - ~ 