LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Mr. NEILD, ais a matter of personal explana tion, 'complained that the senior morning paper had been misreporting him as saying that the 'Treasurer had made serious misrepresentations regarding, public revenue.' He had uttered no comment- on the revenue at all, but had com plimented the .Treasurer on the clearness of his statement. . FORMAL BUSINESS. On the motion of Mr. E. M. CLARK, it was re solved that 'all papers in connection with the re organisation of the Government Architect's De partment during the absence of Mr. Vernon in England, together with the diploma of Mr. Davis, then acting Government Architect; as an architect or engineerAbe laid upon, the table. On the motion of Mr. FEGAN, the Women's Franchise Bill; interrupted by the close of a pre vious session, was reintroduced, and the second reading set down for Tuesday. On the motion of Mr. BENNETT, a bill to regu late the leasing of agricultural land was read a first time, and the second reading fixed for Sep tember 5. ,. ' ? On the motion of Mr. COOK (Minister for Mines) it was resolved to go into committee at the next sitting to consider the expediency of bringing in a Gold arid-Mineral Dredging Bill. AMENDING RAILWAY BILL. On the motion of Mr: LEE (Minister for Works) the House-Went into committee to consider the ex pediency of bringing in a bill to amend the Koora watha-Grenfell Railway Act and Public Works Act of 188S: He stated that the Construction Act gave us pDwer to construct the line without fenc ing. The bill provided 'that the line could be fenced at any time if it were thought fit. Mr. NORTON said that this proposal meant putting the Government in a more favorable posi tion than private individuals or companies in car rying on their operations. Mr. YOUNG (Minister for Lands) said that un less this provision were inserted it would mean the indefinite postponement of the building of the railway. The bill was, introduced, read a first time, and the second reading fixed for Wednesday. Similar bills, dealing with The Rock to Green's Gunyah line and the Byroek to Brewarrina line were introduced and read a first time. COAL MINES ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. COOK moved the second reading of the Coal Mines Regulation Act Amendment Bill, and said ? its object was to remedy a defect in the law. The clear intention of the legislature had been that no man should work as a coal or shale getter Unless accompanied by an experienced miner, and it was desirable, in the. interests of human life, to give effect to the intention of the legisla ture. The experienced- miner would teach the coal getter generally, &.nd be responsible for his .safety. ?. . — . ' -'?-. - -. Mr. FEGAN said that coal-mine owners had1 ?nothing to fear from the operation of the amended bill. . . -: Mr. JAMES THOMSON said that the original act never intended -that two inexperienced men should work together at the face. In every large colliery there were a number of men not em ployed ? in mining, and the Amending Bill did not point out with- sufficient distinctness that these men could not take inexperienced men with them to cut coal. . ? ... Mr. WATKINS said if had never -been intended that a water-bailer, although employed more than two years in a mine, should take a new chum Into the face to cut coal. Mr. MEAGHER eaid they had plenty of. legis lative work to do without conjuring up in. their acts the ghosts of ambiguity. Mr. WOOD thought that other classes of miners should not be debarred from working in a col liery under Ithe direction of an experienced miner. Mir. NORTON eaid that the Minister came down to the House armed with the cp.nion of the Crown Solicitor, and the Attorney-General, and therefore it Wis thevduty ofstfce' House to settle the matter before any litigation wa.6 necessary. In England they -had jpever flooded mines with inexperienced miners, and it was to prevent the recurrence of this thing in tils colony that this proposal was put forward: ~ It was the duty cf the' House to make. their measures clear- 'He iaeprecatea .the .jwrfeet ^E.^fctheteacis fey the* judiciary. The judges bad Toften spokeh; of jthe«iij?shn$;.aina imperfect :way/iii which- ParftamehtTnaq' ^passea its acts. :: .' . '''..'. . Mr. HUGHES said that he. desired to know how it was to be proved that a miner had worked two ?yeafe at the-iaee. Whose word was to be taken? It was a-.vejiy difficult thicg to prove. In the case bf a- strike labpr was brought from a distance, and how was this point to be feetttea? . It -would be better to have a «lear dei&aitibn; of % 'joiner,' . .Mr.. NEILD said, he %as inclined to think ihat Lthe bUl really proposed tc create « monopoly for: a certain number of peteons in th» «ommuolt^ . After further debate, the second reading was then agreed to. ? : The House then went into committee. Mr. Fegan moved the introduction of a new sub-clause providing that where an inspector was satisfied after 4.ue inquiry that any person work ing in or about the face of a mine was contra vening the ? working of the act, he might, after notice thereof to the manager, order such person to cease working at the mine. Mr. Norton fear ed that this proposal offered a chance of the mine manager being enabled to shirk his responsibili ties. Mr. Cook^ (Minister for Mines) thought the clause suggested by Mr. Fegan was sufficiently drastic; and. it was agreed to on the voices. '. Mr. A. H. Grifilth then moved to amend the clause to provide that the notice given shall be deemed proof of disqualification under this rule. Unless this were added an inspector could order men to knock off, and they could resume work later on. The inspector did not live in the mine. He only made periodical inspections. In actual practice this notice would be the only disqualifica tion. Mr. Cook (Minister for Mines) said he must oppose the amendment, which seemed to be a monstrous proposition. It denied the men their legal rights. The inspector's decision under it would be final, and there would be no right of ap peal. Mr. A. H. Griffith was prepared to substi tute the word 'evidence' for 'proof,' which would meet this difficulty. The smendment was negatived on division, by 27 votes to 2. The clause as amended was adopted. On the motion of Mr. Cook (Minister for Mines), clause 2 was amended so as to. exempt a manager from punishment who acted in good faith in employing a man or an 'experienced mi ner' who afterwards proved to have had less than two years' experience; and also to provide for the punishment of the person guilty of making the misrepresentation by which such a man obtained employment. The bill was then reported as amended, and the report was adopted. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES BILL. The Friendly. Societies : Bill was recommitted, and Mr. BRUNKER (Colonial Secretary) moved to amend .clause 19 of the bill to_ provide that a member of a friendly society wfio has received three months' notice, may be sued for arrears not exceeding six months; and also that a member re signing shall only be liable to be sued for the amount due up to the date of his resignation. After debate, the amendment was agreed to on the voices,' and the clause as amended was adopt ed, and the third reading was set down for Wed nesday. ADJOURNMENT. The House rose at 12.35 a.m. 