SOUTH SEA CANNIBALS. .MU15DHR OF A C-UTTI-TR'.S CRHW. THE YESS10L DESTROYED. FIRE AT SlIORTLANl) INLAND*. Sydnev, January 31. The steamer Moresby arrived this morn ing, after a cruise through British New Guinea ami New Britain. The Moresby has brought news regarding a massacre by native.*, ami i lip punishment of the rinqr leader. Tlio Sea Ghost, a 16 ton cutter, was recently chartered -for the island trade. She was in charge of Captain Kolsiiorn, and the other members of iicr crew con sisiofl oi half a dozen natives recruited in Bismarck Archipellago. The cutter sailed under the German tricolor, and on leaving her headquarter.--, made for the German Solomon Islands. It was at one of these island.--, cai'ied Hnkii, t'.it the Sea Glio.st made her first call, and she had Lardly reached the anchorage before there was an attack on the crew by the shore native?. The natives as u.-iial put off from the shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to keep the vcsel clear oi dangerous rcefn, the captain had not noticed that thev were swarming on board the cotter. Captain Kolshorn was descending the rigging when the attack ?was made. Ft was a complete surprise for him, and being unarmed he liad no pos sible chance of defending himself. He fell mortally wounded on the deck, his body being horribly butchered. Four of the natives made a, desperate tight, but the odds were considerably against them, aud they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some means managed to escape. Meanwhile the vessel bad been run ashore, and having been looted of everything of value she was destroyed. The captain:s body bad been thrown overboard, and the remains of four of the native crew were taken to a village lor a cannibalistic feast. A report of the massacre reached New Britain in due course, and a punitive ex pedition, in charge of Judge Schnee, visited the scene and succeeded in capturing the native who was the ringleader in the at tack on the unfortunate crew of the cut ler. He was duly tried before Judge Schnee, and condemned to be hanged. The execution was expected to take place shortly after the Moresby left for Sydney. Another item of news brought by the Moresby was the destruction by fire of a store containing 80 tons of copra, at the Short land Islands. The store, which was owned by Mr. Tindall, is supposed to have been set on fire by natives. Enquiries wore being made with a view of bringing the culprits to justice. ? 