A HUNDRED YEARS AGO. NEW YEAR'S TIME IN PARRA- MATTA IN 1799. (BY A CORRESPONDENT.) There Is a world of information about the early days of the colony treasured among private ar- chives in Parramatta, and carefully kept family records are full of interesting facts about the early days of the colony. Strangely enough, it has hardly been touched by the country's histio- graphers, many of whom would have been spared some mistakes had they consulted either the old identities of the "historic borough," or obtained permission to rummage among old papers and memoranda. There Is, of course, reason in some cases for imagining that a far back search would be indis- creet, but not to nearly the extent that might be supposed. A fanciful writer once speculated on the possibility of men in 1988 taking a pride in tracing their pedigree to men who were "sent out" in the last decade of the 18th century. This at least may be said: the emancipist who pros- pered and reared a family respectably had a heavier task than the free settler, and must have been the sort of person his children had little reason to be ashamed of. The bad blood died, and as a rule the perpetrator of a venial offence — which in our day would mean only a nominal conviction under the First Offenders Act — became a good and useful citizen. I have never found any of the imaglned reluctance to talk of the early days they knew, or the earlier days their fathers told them of, on the part of old Parramatta people. And relics and records are their pride. On New Year's Day, 1798, Parramatta consisted of one street stretching in a straight line from what is now as Queen's Wharf to the foot of the road up the hill to the Governor's residence, which was a cottage built by Governor Phillip, to be re- placed subsequently by a more substantial build- ing by Governor Hunter, and brought to its prime by Governor Macquarle, who was the idol of Parramatta people, and more especially of the emancipists and currency lads. In '98, how- ever, it was an unpretentious building, but com- fortable and pleasantly situated, with a good garden close to it, and an orchard in which a number of English fruit trees were already flourishing. The slope of the hill toward the river was clear and formed the Governor's domain, but behind It, and behind the hill on which the house stood stretched an area already set apart as a park. This included part of what is now Parramatta Park, and the Back Domain, reaching away to where is now Westmead. It was already somewhat ambitiously called "Cumberland Park," but had nothing of the park about it but the name. It was just a piece of uncleared bush not very heavily timbered, and full of ferns and wild flowers. It was the great resort of the young- sters of the settlement, who roamed it from end to end in the search for "five corners," and yams, or dandelion roots. In parts the scrub was very thick, and more than one crime was committed in the secluded parts of Cumberland Park. In some of its nooks also men met and concocted schemes of villainy which it was not safe to talk about in huts, the walls of which had ears. There is a lovely glade near the ford of Parra- rmatta, and within a short distance of the present Asylum for Insane, which is well known of pic- nickers, but was a year or two before I am speak- ing of the scene of a horrid murder. The per- petrators were never discovered, and this is pro- bably why a ghost used to walk on the brow of the hill overlooking the river till about a genera- tion ago. It has not been seen since the fifties, and appears to have been disgusted, either at no notice being taken of it, or at the modern notions and innovations which altered the spot it used to know so well. There are a good many people who stroll out by way of the oak avenue at night now, but none have ever said they saw anything ghostly. But of course they are not noted for telling what they have seen on such occasions. The murdered man was named Lewis, who wisely saved the money he earned, but foolishly bragged about it, and, still more foolishly, told people that to prevent thieves from taking it from his hut while he was absent he had sewn it all into his clothes. At last Lewis was missed, and, after a long search, was given up. Some thought he had cleared off to Sydney on his way to get smuggled out of the colony, and others that he had wandered into the bush and got lost. A good while after a man who was "tailing" cattle along the river banks found them very restive as they approached the glen spoken of — then a deep gully full of scrub. He searched the gully, and found the body of Lewis stripped of his clothes and partially covered with grass and logs of wood. One arm, which had not been securely covered, had been cleared of the stuff thrown on It, and eaten by dingoes. The body was covered with wounds, and the surgeon who examined it was of opinion that the man had fought hard for his life. Though he probably left his mark on one or more of his assailants, neither this clue nor that which might have been afforded by the clothes led to anyone being convicted. Or course, having one's face knocked about was then too common to attract much attention. According to Barrington, the celebrated pickpocket and poet, who was now chief constable of Parramatta, prize fighting was the principal pastime of the resi- dents, varied by cock-flghtlng. Barrington, by the way, did arrest a man or two for the murder, but they could not be convicted on the meagre evl- dence forthcoming. The street referred to occupied the position of the present George-street. It was wlde, and the huts of which it was composed stood away back on each side, each in the centre of its own allot- ment, which gave it a wider appearance still. The allotments were all fenced, and there were some attempts at cultivation, but not many. At New Year's time, 1798, the weather had been very discouraging for those who wished to cultl- vate anything. There had been a drought more severe than ordinary, and certainly worse than ours this year, without any Christmas Eve rain to mitigate its consequences. The Governor's fruit trees were scorched, and almost fruitless, and vegetables were practically unprocurable. This made little difference to the majority of the population, however, who did not, as a rule, have fresh vegetables with any degree of profu- sion or regularity. Near the wharf, and about the spot where the barracks were afterwards built, were a store and a lock-up, attached to the latter being the stocks. Despite all the gruesome stories told of the "system" by sensation flc- tionlsts, neither Barrington nor Lieutenant Mac- arthur, who took charge of the district as magls- trate in 1795, found much occasion to use either stocks or lock-up. As chief constable, the former was evidently thoroughly well placed. As he ex- plained it to those he had to watch, he "knew every move" himself, and while the rogues tried very seldom to get the better of him, it was very much more seldom that they caught him nap- ping. At this time the only thing that stands out as distinctly bad in connection with the habits of the people in their sport. In addition to the prize-fighting and cock- fighting referred to, they were gamblers almost to a man. They had little to lose, but lost it with the utmost equanimity, and played for the clothes off one another's backs when nothing else was left. A story is told of one Colonel Jack Hamlin who won every stitch of clothing from three others in one of the huts, and carried the lot off, leaving them unable to come out of the house till, by shout- ing from the half-open door, they attracted the attention of a neighboring Samaritan, who gave them wherewith to cover their nakedness. The men had the excuse that there was no other amusement. The life was monotonous in the ex- treme, and all-fours was its one excitement after sunset. Sunday was the great day for cock-fights. There were occasional religious services, instituted first by Mr. Johnston, and taken up by Mr. Marsden, but few attended. Johnston used to ride up from Sydney by the road through the bush, coming on Saturday and returning on Monday. This was not the favorite route to Sydney, owing to the road being very bad, the creeks difficult to cross, and the country traversed by no means safe. As soon as the blacks ceased to be dangerous foot- pads took up their business. But then, as now, those who were in haste had to come by land, as the water journey was painfully slow, and un- certain. If you took ship at Sydney early in the morning, and all went fair, you probably made Kissing Point, near where Ryde now Is, by nightfall, and anchored till morning within sight the spot where Searle's monument now stands. Then by making an early start next day, and with tlde and wind favoring, you got up the river to the wharf early enough to get housed in Par- ramatta before night. Of course, if things were not as you wished you might take another day. As a rule, it did not matter, as no one was ever in a hurry, and there was good fishing every- where. People wonder sometimes why Parra- matta folk are so much inclined to take things easily, and refuse to worry themselves about trifles. When one considers the leisurely fash- ions their forefathers had to conform to, the surprise is that they, like the French noblesse, take the trouble to be born. I cannot find any record of extensive festivities in connection with the Christmas and New Year's season of 1798-9. There was merry-making, however, and hoisting of flags and drinking of the King's health. They had a great fashion of drinking his Majesty's health on every possible occasion a hundred years ago. But there was holiday-making among the masses, if seven or eight hundred people can be so described, and there was probably excess. Some of the merry makers grew noisy — more noisy than usual — and some of the fighting got more realistic than usual. And Chief Constable Barrington thereupon con- ducted some of them to the lock-up by the river, and they were next morning brought before Lieutenant Macarthur. That worthy magistrate doubtless read them a severe lecture and put the worst cases in the stocks "till the rising," or a little later, and told the balance that in conse- quence of the festive nature of the season they were discharged, but had better not come before him again in a hurry. And they thanked him, and went and drank his health. The child is father to the man, and an infant community is the parent of its century-later development. X.Z. 