(For 'the 'North Queensland Register* Christmas Number.') By MRS. ALAN SUTTg£. Author of 'Mrs Percy's Peach Jam.' 'A Busli Coquette,' Etc., Etc, Honor and shame from no condition rise: Act well your part—there all the honor lies.' fm ■ —Pope. GREY afternoon, late in autumn. A road fairlygoodj here cuti through great walls of ■ rock, there fenced to make \- it more secure; for occasi onally it overlooked pre . cipices, which evenx a wild mountain goat would have hesitated to climb. Behind and before, some few miles distant, lay splendid station properties, V 1; consisting, of thousands of acres of roll ing downs, green with waving grasses, rich is flocks and herds. To right and V" 7 left, snugly nestling midst o'muntain ran ges, were numerous free selections, \- taken up mainly, I regret to suggest, not , l»y the useful .and also ornamental far mer, who would have been much better „v. v suited on the fertile plains below; but by individuals who, apparently, had never \- developed the bump which enables us . mortals to distinguish mine from thine. •, Metaphorically, r^embling the lilies of the field, they yet were never without fresn ' beef and mutton galore, good horses to , - ridff. and, runi at country race meetings; also <any amount of unmistakably well bred cows, by milking which and selling butter in the neighboring townships, their wives, and daughters (poor souls, as a rale they worked hard enough), Teplen ■, ished the family exchequer and obtained <*—■ the wherewithal to bedeck themselves for Hie public-house dances to which the bushmen from far and near came in bat talions -on high days and holidays; such as Boxing Day, Easter Monday, St. Pat . " .. rick's Day,.and Queen's Birthday, a grati Mig tribute of loyalty to Her Gracious "--"Majesty. Bichard Yorke, the manager of Boo xnerra station, rode smartly along the ,, road toward the largest township in the ■:*neighborhood'.-a place boasting of no less ^ than three banks. With the manager of «ng he had important business. ' v.- A light rain had made the road in " places slippery as glass, and .more than once the fine blood 'horse he bestrode had all it could do to keep its footing. * The rider took little notice of these SrifiingJ mishapg, as he pressed "along at • a hand gallop/"His face wore the preoc cupied look of one who communes with Jiis own. thoughts. Under the eircum V Canoes they should have been pleasant. ^ When it man who for five years has had to bullock early and late for an employ " «r whose business incapacity had well V night brought him to ruin, and made his fine ran a happy hunting ground for all £ the hone, cattle, and sheep stealers of a /district, unexpectedly finds that by the demise of af distant relative he has come " Into a handsome sum, sufficient to enable \- him to ehuck the .job of managing foi another and start squatting on his own t account, he ought surely to be able to ^ ..." look on the bright side, of things. But ^ Yorke's gaze was moody, and his mind t~ ill at ease. His heart was at war with * itself. Even in the patter of rain on the ^ dead fallen leaves by the roadside he seemed to hear the low sweet accents ol a woman's voice. The very breeze seen* ?! " to waft her tresses against his longing iip§. ^ He felt it strange that until less than ft year ftgo no woman had ever had power tjrwble hfoj>^ce; though more than one had looked approvingly on Lis state ly height and handsome face. But now Ms heart was aver restless thinking of the flender girlish figure, the dark grey eyes, and nut brown liairwf Jess?, the only -child ef Bob Macdpnald; a stalwart, dar ing and skilful rough rider, hut also one of the most cunning horse thieves in the country. An odd thrill went over Yorke as lie recalled his first meeting with th« g rl in tlie dining room at Boomerra,' wht ni a clergyman was holding one of Ms usual monthly services at the station, homestead. He remembered he had thought her eyes- an<f the sweet serious ness of her face positively angelic, from an artistic point of view, of course, aa her clear voice rose correctly in a hymn tune. Her father, too, was there, most, orthodox and devotional to outward view, like a good many of the rest of us. ; Yorke learned afterwards that Jess had coaxed -him to take her to church. His one tender spot was the love he bore her-dead mother ; a good woman who had vainly sought to turn him from the crook ed path, but whose dying wishes he held, eacred. la accordance with these he hai contrived to |iave Jess well- educated in a neighboring township. When she w*? twenty-one she had returned, home So keep house for her father, and the first •eliurc-h Sunday afterwards made her debut et Boomerra'. Since then Yorke had seen her =everal times. Each, time, despite the warnings of prudence, he had drifted '-nearer and nearer to the shipwreck or haven cf a ^reat love. ^ He was 110 libertine to wish to woo tho girl to dishonor, even had such a thing been possible; yet to marry her. he told himself, Ataa equally out of the ques tion. She was not of his class. Possibly the was not what he believed her, foi the code of morals current in the bu*-U 5s sometimes none loo strict, and Jess's beauty was the subject of general com ment. Yet heart, soul, and sense arose in revolt against this* last view of the ease as he remembered the steady light of hei pure ayes. Once only had she faltered and blushed beneath his gaze. Maybe It had unintentionally told her of his pas sion.. Yorke pulled his horse up sharply. Just beside Mm was the turn off to jMacdomild-s selection. If he went round there he might see Jess, and say 'Good bye'. In a few days he would be leav ing Boomerra, Midst fresh scenes Ik would soon forget the ; sweet folly into which he hadfbeen;«ntrapped, unwilling ly, by a woman's beautiful eyes. All the world w3B before him where in to chose his mate, yet all his pulses were madly abeat at the thought of see ing this one woman again; and/without giving himself time for further reflection h? turned his horse on to the narrow - bush track as the words of a song rush ed to his remembrance: There's but one path on earth, my love, The path that leads to you."* As he rode tip to the selector's dwel ling Jess came to the door. Her dress was of dark blue, plainly-and stylishly made; for during her several years' sojourn in town it had-become second nature to the girl to garb herself daintily. Her abun dant shining hair was. twisted into a knot, at the back ©f her shapely head. Yorke's unexpected appearance had brought a flush to her cheeks, and a .deep glow to her velvfety eyes. The clouds had parted is the Westj and as Jess stood patbeii in the yeUow euulight's gleam eke was as fair a daughter-of Australia as cne could wish to 'see. • Yorke dolled hisihai'as she smileda welcome. Hedid notdismount, but lean ed from his saddle to shake hands. 'Is your fethaHBif life asked. 'We're going to do some cattle mustering to morrow, and 1'IJ, want.'a few extra hands.' The girl looked up at him smilingly, happy to/the joy of liis presence. Not even to herself had^she confessed that there was but one man in the world for her, only she knew that, at this man s coming life had- turned from grey to gold. Her small, work-roughened hand caressed his horse's arching neck. Father's gone across to Ford's, I think/ she saiil, 'butlie'll be back to tea. I expect hell he willing to help. Ill ask him when he returns.* ■ 4 'Thanks,' said ¥o*kf. I called round to enquire. I am goinji in to Goodgee, and probably won t leave there till about ten toriiight. I' see you have some flow ers remaining-' * " 'Oh. yes,'" she answered brigitly. *\Wve only had cne.fro>t to sj-tak of. Next Spring father says he will fence a good garden for me.' ~ Yorke stepped closer to the girl, and there was a strange tremor in his voice. 'Give me the flowers you are_ wearing,5 said he. and his rebellious heart beat so loud and fast that he fancied she must hear it, perhaps she did. She grew a trifle paler and quieter, but gently detached the rosebuds from her brooeh, and gave them to him with out a word. 'These must serve far remembrance, and good-bye,' he said, as he made pre tence of fastening them in his button' hole; but despite his "resolution to -speak i o word of lovi his . hand _ shook and his face was white '.under its healthy brcLve. 'I am going away next veefe 'Going away!' for, goodt^ she repeat ed mechanically. Had the man dared to allow himself to look upon her lae<* he would have seen that the light bad faded from her' eyes, and her soft lips were rigidly compressed. Yet her wom anly pride rose nobly;,to help her bea* the sudden blow. - " f Its/ he answered. 'I intend ^tting up for myself in the squatting lino.® 'I wish you prosperity,' she said steadily. 'Ah! fortunately here's father. Now you can Bee Mm for yourself about the mustering. Good-bye, W Yorke * Her voice fbrok»; ever so slightly, ajid with her seemed to disappear; the glory and gladness of his vigorous manhood Maedonald rode up, bidding Yorke a surly 'good evening.5 They spoke a few Words with regard to the mustering, which Maedonald readily agreed to alt* tend. Then Yorke rode off toward the tloodgee road. 'How long had that cove been heres* asked Maedonald of his daughter when he went inside. ; Jess glanced at him timidly. Somehow though he. was almost invariably kind and indulgent to her she could not help fearing her father when his dark mood came upon him. J ' - 'Just a few ^minutes, father.' she said He called" round to "see you about the mustering because he was going in to Gocdgee and would not be back before ten to-night.* \ Maedonald watched her furtively as she moved around preparing their even ing meal. He noted with savage suspic ion how quiet she was. Had her pale looks any connection with'Yorke's visit?. Gals were fools, all of 'em. .Why wouldn't Jess favor any of the bush lads? There was Larry Ford — Talk of the devil, etc., etc. 'Hullo, Bob!' shouted-a voice at the door, and Maedonald rising went out side and greeted two horsemen; powerful, Finisterrlooking1 fellows, clothed in heavy moleskins, flannelette and dark coats. Each carried a Winchester repeat er, while to their saddles were slung sev eral fresh kangarop skins. *Let yer horses go, in the yard,, and give 'em some feed,' cried Maedonald, hospitably, 'then come in yerselves and have supper.' 'Bight yer are! - answered Bill Taylor, a man who had recently, served his time on a conviction of sheep istealing from Boomerra . His companion, Larry Ford, muttered something about not wanting to-put Jess to any bother, but Maedonald had already led the Amy -round to the yards, -and was spilling out corn and chaff for the horses* Jftght hftd faUe» when they entered the hut; There would b£ after eight, notthat ^hatmaisteps |o fiush nu*n who^ean almost folded, bfit the warmth inside JS^ac c^ptable, so was the well ^o^d jmeal which Jess had prepared. Xvhensupper was over the men drew their seatsfco the fire, and lighted their pipes, whilst they yarned as only bush men can./Jeiss clear ed away the tea tilings and v^hecl up in ^little cooking shed at thetmck,7which her father had built for her convenience. The dwelling consisted of three~rboins. The laigest, the middle one, wasthe liv ing room:- at either end was a small bed room, One* occupied by Jess,the other by her father. ' 'Ill say .good-night, father,"said Jess, when she returned to the dining room. *1 am rather tired. It was washing-day to-day.' Larry moodily-looked his disappoint ment, but Macdonald said: 'All.rights my gal, go and get a good sl£ep/ and Jess went to her toom. She locked her door. It was such a relief to be able to cast aside the *wa«lr * she had worn for the last two. hours. She sank on her knees beside her bed, she flung out her arms andpressedher white tearless face down upon th'eni. Her heart had been roughly awakened from iis brief, sweet dream of love, .' and now she was alone with her despair. She did not blame Yorke. Ncverin words had he nought her lore. She was woman enpugh-to feel certain that her beauty had found favor in his: eyes, but what of that ? He would see other women and ajso 'find theip fair. He was a king among men, and any woman might- be proud to win him. At-least, so argued Jess as she knelt the«v breaking her heart for loye. ... ^ r Suddenly she became aware that one of the men in the next room had spoken Y orke's name. • Swiftly" she lifted. her quivering faw>, What werettthey saying aboutium? She knew that amragst a cerfain -cSass he was orie of the besfe hatedinen'ln the district, and the knowledge. hadoften caused her almost! unbearable atixiefty for his sifety. It was Yo<rke who had brought the sheep/stealing casa hojne to Bill Taylor; and at the rem&mbranut; girl's heart suddenly stoodstill with al araii Noiselessly ishe crepifc tK> th£ divid ing vrall. and placed, her ear gainst the slabs. TJie wall paper was broken sA one spot and, though the men«polig teostly In whispers. Jess, with every kens^^ariperied by love and fear, caught ihe driftof%heir c-onveisatitm. ' Once her father got up and to ward her door. She remained Some power beyond herself seemed to yarn her to make no sign. '•Jess/ called Macdonald so|&y;,bntuo answer came, and he returnedto h&^afc "The gal's asleep, boys,' < Just as well ter inake sure: It ifon* do ter avej too many hearm' the in* and ouis of jobs like ourn£ said Taylor witH a ^r»n. I reckoned praps ther bloke 'ad ^°,k fancy, an' maybe she'd split on The other men's faces grew black. Tay lors poisoned^jpped arrows hadstruck chear mark. In one man. they rankled ]f*u* of jealousy/ ana wounded the other because-of a eertaindo«»ed pride in the purity of his fair daughter/ i n/ear ^ia^' Macdonald violent •&£3»£r£Sra V ^ursa not,' said Taylor erafelv. 'Weirifsuiting way. Well wait atther when conies Jioiijs r dnre* Of S an' a Wanch^steV bullet tell* no tales. Then back we coroS S fest as our Vases can eany-w^.^?^ ifll ever be no wiser, Bwt l giims >£7l meddle no more withcoves as want tei ma.ee a quiet livin\ *E close %"*uibb«! you last moon, Lany.' —*^55 Ii11' 80 *e did>' muttei^ the er. Irs time we was off.* ««Jf3!jfirdwt!ie-seoUT,dl,d® m go outsffde. Her faj&er;'s horse she Imew W v tte ya^^When they Imd caught then-htwees they were ^iriS gem% ttomurder Yorke. ^ . tut a.s of great hammers aroTe in ^ Z1*3 bram- A roar as of theocean was an her earn But a force determine faon, that yet had neither form nor shape, leaped madly in her heart to save altall e the mani she loved. Should she appeal to his would be mur derem Too wdl she knew heir prayers . would be |» vnfg, Could &# m*ke c$ ' -With and ride^lhe ' i"oad,jaix<l theiicfe to Goodgee beiiwe Ibe; wouhj- a We.to oveitake her?: No! fw even riow slieiieafa than, riding forth, to theirde vilishwrork. The inootfjiad risen, but the night was still rfoady and showery. . The. dock, to the livJngrooin had not Jong^ struck nine, and Yorke'had not infcendedleaving Good gee till near tea. '0^3&gd; el Mercy,' she prayed, *bid Thine angelsdelay Mm a little. Just a IittJe _ while, till a desperaite woman who loves him can think what to do/ To warn M111 l>y way of the road was nowimpossible. She would inevitably be seen ajid'^etained by her farther and the other two1 But—and a gleam of hop4; shone suddenly into the darksome-pit ot her despair—rthere "was another way. A path no human foot had, ever trod. A dizzy made by «the mountain goaits . down the great Black Spur whose crest lay a mile dastant rearward from the hut The precipitous rocks rant light down to within five hundred Yards of the winding Goodgee rpad,fully half a mile nearer ithe township^ than the Gap where the murder era intended *to conceal themselves. If ^e douldfby the help of God, make her my'doma- the Black Spur in time to totereept Ydrk^, jess cared noit what came l^&r.; ?Ier whole soul was centred <m o&s; uea. To save him. " Often wh^ristunmeT's skies had glowed abovehershehad strolled, \vitli none but her ownsweetthoughts for company, ta the Black £pur?s .cre?*t io gathei- ferns. Sometimes she had -^hudderingly lacked over the! precipice and pietuned how ter lible it \£«old be to fall, and be found- a hideous, t^oodstaiiied, shapeless coipse on the rocks 4t»loW^ But now in Jess* heart fear for herself was dead. Bareheaded and cloakless she rushed Outade^ Oh! how. she thanked God for /the moonlijs^it, by means of which it was poasliMe foF Jier to find the track. For all her .daintly slender looks she was |a> very Goddess for health and strength. Without pause., she; ran o'er roughs and Smooth, over comparatti vely level ground Until she reached the crest of the Spur. * Bown, far dTgvn, beneath her the jut ting rocks showed black and awful; but ■ withouta moment's hesitation she swung herself 6teii; by mean* of some trailing vines, and thenfor 300 feet, or more die fought with Deatii for the life of a man. Slipping, scrambling, clutching wildly, yet with set desperate purpose at the strong shrubs an^ crgepsre that grew in profiis'ou from out-the rocks, lower and lower with infinity toil she pursued her perilous way; striving always to keep as closely as poss ■Ible to the faint track that the wild goats had made- V It seepied to her that ages of anguish Willed oyer her head as. she went down, yes everdown, yet with noble fortitude and presence of mind, never suffering her gaze to rest on the depths below. Bi»!t once, had It not been that her long wind blown treses cauglit and held her, she must have; fallen to certain death. Hei shoes were soon torn from her feet, her hands, toi6, were cut and bleeding, lie* soft limbs bruised and blackened bv fall ing againshthe sharp nocks; but still she ' struggled on, feeling not her wounds, or, if she felt^not heeding .them in the great er anguish dfhersoi'l. And now she was within fifty feet of the bottom ,but her strength was ebbing fast, a mist was darkening before her eyes and Ah, Great God! On the road, far away, sounded the measured thud, fthud Of a galloping korse. Desperately U*e girl rallied her vital forces ^and lowered herself till the final ledge was past, then for a moment she'fell exhausted on ihesoftfc tnrf. The coining libof beats ran ort elearer and deader, not more than a mile away. "Rising !© her -feet with a last desper ate effort Tess stumbled somehow to the middle of !tt»e rond, and there st<*od. spent and speechless, but with a saered^jpy -in her heart, for riding toward her was Yorke .011 liis liig.'bald-faced lioi^e. She ,e»de'a*:onred«to speak. hnt her vo»c*3 was gone ; she could only hold oui her handsinmuteapp-ial. One glaufee atthe girl's swaving form, and like a shot Yerke was off his horse and beside her. "He »eauglit her in his arms. She /fell helplessly again^S his breast, for her strength Fas well nigh" gone," His^rrhote be^ns tlirilled to the magtcofher touch. - He lifted her. With heart aflame he noted the wceful plight Chat bK© was^iL *Wlio has dared to harm you?' lie ciicd in a terrible voiee.forthe man was be side himself with love and rage. SometluBg in liis ^touc thrilled lie g»rl with exquisitejiappiness. She dipped to iw though" hi sarins st-ll supported her. She looked straight m L i* face with clear pure eyes, 1 have suffered uo in jury that canrxoi be i-ep^rcd, Mr Yorke/ she said. 'I hurt myself coming down t'ui Black Spur.' : Y«fce started. 1 *You came down there?' he said slowly. 'VVliat fori' Then, indeed, for a -lionieut' *« ess falt ered and trembled. She fOared io betray the secret of her soul. Vet something of the truth must be told. . 'BecaJise,' she said, ri know that at the Cap three murdererswhit for \on.' For a moment -the -inan stood like stone, •then sank to hisikneeaud in lowly' hom age pressed his'lip* to the wtuiuii's t ry is ed and bleeding feet. "Oh, my darling, my darling/ he said -n a hushed and thrilling whisper, '■on did this thing for me, unworthy as I iijn.' It is nanghit,' she said, and her gencle hand raised him up, hut promise you w'lt take no steps to punish tiio&* "iii'iy inti:' And in a. flash Yorke realised souu'lhinrr of the truth. 1 promise, sweetheart', he said. He took off his overcoat and wrapped it about her, then.' clasped Iter cloee to the warm shelter of his heart! 'Jess/ he whis pered, 'we must part no more. From th-a hour till all Eternity,! Want my wife.' 'f ain not your equal, Mr Yorke,' she whispered tremblingly, 'Oh, for bcttii our sakes consider what you' say/ '1 have considered—^too long,' he - ans wered with his lips on hers. ; 'May God forsake me utterly if it be not itruej that I 'love you beyond compare/ 'And yofe you would have left me,' she ■whispered wistftdly. 'No sweettheart,' be said sJovrly. *1 cKwiil not iiave done so i£ I would. As I.rode here -to-night I thought of you— you only, Feel my love, where I have kept the flowers you gave me,' and he glided her hand to the , rosebud* that rested against his heart. Womanlike she douM^d no k?tger. A happy laugh rose to lirr lips, but dS:d away in a gasp, for coming toward them were Hie three w-ho iiad wasted at the Gap till patience had fa:H. then ridden slowly along the road to m-cdt their xie tim. Yorke's horse, _ as. it happei ed, had. quietly fed of? among th"1 irfcs and the lovers stood also where shadows Jay dark; for the present sheltered somewhat by a projecting rock, but there was no clianc? of evading discovery when the trio should come level with them. Yorke flushed fiercely. Tils blord boil ed up. He pushed the~|nil gently from so 'that die stood further behind the reek. He drew1 his revolver. He never went unarmed. *Don't fear darling,® he said. 1 can take a hand alfc this game.' The wourld-be murderers rode closer carekssly glancing from right to left. Suddenly Yorke's voice rang out with the startling distinctness of a stockwhlp's crack. 'Stop or I'll shoot/ «5o unexpected was the command th-*fc instinctively the ruffians haltfa. Tlie'r eyes dazzled, by the full glare of moon light failed to exactly locate where Yorke stood. * .'J , • " 'Who ther blazes are y?r^ called Foid, 'What are yer stoppin' usfor?' 'You know full well/ 'answered Yorke sternly, realizing that his beet chance lay ins carrying matters with a highliaiid. *1 am armed. Interfere with me and vour blood be upon your own heads/ 'Well chance that, inlever.' id Mac dotiald savagely, and drew his rifle to his shoulder; an example immediately follow ed by his companions* iiuttise click rf the locks mingled with a \Vp)iiaJit's shriek as -Je.es sprang to her loraiv ^h© rfasped her arms about him, desperately ^let^rminen, despite his remonstrances; to Shield his liody with her own:' Wfc-leayin^ fr;e hi-5 rijyht hand and happily reek still partly sheltered them' bqth. 'Father, father!' she; .implored vTd'y, 'for God's sake do not hann liini. If you kill him you murier me/ 'Jess' eried Mar-dpnald innl ter amaze ment, lowering the muzzle" of his Win chester. Whatever arfe you doing here?' 'Seems ter me that's easy understood" swoke Taylor with a coarse laugh. Ther frpj's a and he applied to Jess a foul egitJiek , .. . 'Damn yer/shouted Macdonald tanning furiously upoa the speaker, while -Larry. Ford swung his rifle round more than halt intending to let Taylor have the benefits cf the charge; but swifter still a bullet from Yorke's revoUroy sped on. Its mission, and Taylor, his coil.tr bone smashed, let fall his rifle with a. howl of paint Jess, gazing up in her lover's fnco, saw that It was livid with lury, his heart beat against her clasping arm with slow thun derous blows. "So much,' he spoke aloud with fiercely vibrating voice, 'for the dastard who dares slander my promised wife.5 Macdonald turned to Yorke. with a. swi t revulsion of feeling. 'Curse me, boss,' lis said, 'but that shot was well fired. Yer a man anyway.- If ther gal loves yor. well and good. She's welcome to pl^af=e herself.' . 1 have loved her for long. She came down, the Black Spur to warn me,' said York-? fondly and proudly, his arm about the girL 'We are going now tt> Ocodgee •to get married/ 'Oh. father, dear father,' said Je^s soft. ?.v, 'think of me kindly, and have nothing more to do with deads such as this to night' 'Never no more, my gal, I ■ swear it \er a good lass. (Sod in Heaven! t.-2r think yer came down ther Black '.Spur,* answered Maedonald in a brt>ken voile#; Then to Ford, and catehing the In-idle of Taylor's horse. Xet's bundle ilils groan in' cur along He'll have ter -sav hse shoo his«elf accidental,' end Ford, who, derpits his lawless nature, had sincerely love J the woman who was 'lot for him, silently ac ceded to UaedoEaJd's order, Cfoaded by jealousy and Tayl*>r"n sneers he had Veil induced to join in the hitler's devilish plot to murder Yo»*ke, *biSt liad 'not y^ sunk so low to have no spark of honor left. So 51II three riders moved back over the road they had come, till they were out of sight. Yorke caught his horse and mounted. ; 'Come love,' he «aid, holding; out his hand io Jess, 'step up on sny foot" King fisher will cairy us both. There. 111 y sweet Put your army ;.bout my neck. Hie valise will make a fine seat, and witY my arms around you you'll be ?af? as safe. It had rained too much for tha roads to be slippery now,' he ;-died, as Kingfisher cantered smoothly tilong with his double burden. „ - Yorke rode straight to the parsonage which was situated just «u(tsldc the town ' Tlie clergyman to whom tliev wore* both well known, was preparing his ser mon for the following Sunday, »ivl very s-ternly indeed did the good man: gare at Yorke and Jess, wliosa appearance. vo>t wit.hf.tnnding thsit she had twisted up her h«ir. and the friendly slieiLter alTo-ded j»y Yorke's ov?j-eoat, betokened that - some thing medt unusual had occurred. Tou want me to marry you, and now?' .repeated the clergyman when Yorke had stated hisi errand, *but why come at this unseemly hour. Jess, I'm surprised at Poor Jess at-this rebuke slushed crim son, and her eyes filled with--fears. Yo ke clasped her hand and divw it with'u Irs arm, while despite Ms outward show ot displeasure, the little c^ei-gymac thought t to himself that surely not oven the firsS Lovers of Eartli had been goodlier -t** l>^k uocn than the man and woman before' him. 'Because, sir,' said Yorke, 'though no purer and sweeter woman lives, drcum •r'ances liave made St imperative that Je-s should allow me to call her my wife with out delay. Pray afik your good w'fc to stow toy darling somewhat of womanly snynathy while I explain matter toyou." The parson rose to the occasion. His Christionity lay deeper than the surface. He left the room, presently returning with his wife, who greeted Jess with motherly kindness. 'Gome with me,' she said. Ill make you a cup of tea, while Mr Yorke lias- a chat with my husband.' When the door closed behind them Yoike told the clergyman so much of the truth as enlisted his warmest in terest. ' " He again sought his wife and had five minutes earnest conversation with her. .An hour later Yorke, who -had l»e n out to engage rooms, returned, and Je?s, warmed, comforted, and rested, - stood by her lover's Side,-- to his ■ mind the fair est, noblest, and dearest woman In,, the world. ^ ? Then the solemn words, of the mar riage service were read, legally ratifying iruM upon earth the vows already consecrated in Heavenbytrue love. Atid oh the faces; of the man. add woman gleamed a ray of' the light that shone o'er Edenas the .lit-- ' tie clergyman's voice rose clearer and stronger in the words : 1 proupimce that they be man wife together, in the jiarnc -of the Fathejy and of th$;3on, and of^hes^BLoly Ghost Amen•' ,22 • ' . .. 