'BEYOND THE VAAL.' A Story of the Transvaal War. (Rights Reserved.) Waltek D. White.] CHAPTER I. Capetown—The Castle. Midsummer at the Oape I Blue skies ; a wonderfully elear and invigorating atmos phere; floods of dazzling light! The hot breath of summer holding all the land in its warm, langourous embrace! Dried-up rivulets, brown and duaty vegetation, and the ceaseless and monotonous music of the locusts proclaimed the faot that the hot season had come in with a rush. The fierce rays Bbooting from the great ball of fire, as it mounted highor and higher in the blue dome, smote with tho fury of a furnace upon the heterogenous but picturesque duster of houses and public buildings con stituting the oity of Capetown. The best was terrific, reminding one of scorching days on the broad Karroo and the sand-strewn Kalahari during the torrid Afrioan summer. Adderley-street—from the jetty wading out into the cool waters ofthe spacious and beautiful bay, right up to the avenue of stately oaks whioh forms one of the grand-, eat and ooolest promenades in thia the ohiof city of Oape Oolony—was one blaze of lijjbt. The beat waves danaed and shimmered as they radiated from the ill paved, dust laden thoroughfares. Even tho Kaffirs, lolling about in the shado of tho tall buildiugs, Boomed affected by the unusually high temperaturo, and it must be a trifle hot when an Afrioan feels the power of the sun. The main street was almost deserted, nearly all the brown-skinned, impudont, and extortionate Malay cab-drivers having betaken themselves and their belongings to a cooler neighbourhood. The decendants of the Dutch conquerors of the Oape, or as many of them as could conveniently do so, smoked or dozed in darkened rooms while the heated hours passed, awaiting the coming of the welcome south-east wind—or < Oape Doctor' as the colonists term it— whioh would cool the baking city, cover tho broad expanse of water in front of her walls with foam-crested waves, and enable tho Oapetonians to breatho freely once again. Already there were to be seen on the top mast pinnacles of the frowning old ' Tafel Berg'—the name the Dutch gave to Table Mountain—the first faint indications of the approaching chango. Ever and anon white cloudlets rested on the highest peaks, and these being joined by other fleecy masses of vapour, which had oome in from tho Southern Ocean, drifted adown the sides of the beetling cliffs and yawning precipices, until they melted away in tho strong sunlight and were lost to view, E're nightfall tho jagged peaks of the weather-beaten old mountain, and the ' Table' itself, would be completely hidden by the snow-white clouds; the ' south easter ' would be blowing; the glass would Erobably indicate 60 deg where a few ours previously it had registered nearly 100 dog.; wraps and overcoats would be in demand; and the city, now palpitating with heat, would breethe freely onco more with the cool wind tearing through the streets on its way to the Atlantio. Oapetown wore its most sleepy aspeot. The English residents—with the strange and stupid obstinacy of the race—persisted in adhering to tho customs obtaining in their miBt-cloudcd island, and despite the fact that the mercury was just within reach of the oentury they, with others of their follow- oitizsns, apparently preferred to con tinue at business instead of Buiting their actions in this respeot to the olimate and taking themselves off to the pleasant groves of Bondebosob, or seeking at Green or Sea Point the soft breezes sweeping in from the ooean. * * « The Bun had barely crossed the meridian as a young Englishman—an officer in the —th Regiment—passed through the en trance gate and strode along the winding pathway leading to the quaint pile of buildings known aB ' Tho Oastle/the offioial residence and headquarters of the officer commanding the British forces in South Afrioa. The Oaatle at Capetown is by no means an imposing Btruoture, although of con siderable intorest to the antiquarian. Originally built by the old Dutch Oommand ant, Van Biebeck, the founder of the settle ment from Holland on the shores of Table Bay, who gave the pleasing name of « Goede Hoop' (Good Hope) to the fort he con structed, it has Bince been added to until at tho present dato it and its rambling surroundings oover a considerable area. Some quaint legends are associated with ' The Castle' and its environs. One of theBe is of a grueaome character. It is to the effect that an early Dutch Governor, Pietor Moodt by name, was entreated to savo the life of a poor runaway Blave whom he had ordered to be exeouted. The stolid Dutohman, however, remained obdurate, taming a deaf, oar to all- en treaties. Tho wretohed native was exocuted. At the momcut before his death tho unhappy victim of the oruol and intolerant Hollander is—bo tho story goes—reported to have uttered theBe words: ' Governor Moodt, I oall you to appear before Almighty God.' It is rolated, that the awful summons was obeyed. Later on in tho day the body only of Pietor Moodt was found by his attendants, his spirit having presumably passed into the dread presence of tho great and august Govornor of the Uni«erso. The ohair in whioh Moodt was found doad was proBervod in tho Musoum at Oapotown. Other storioB, more or loss ghostly, aro related, but theso probably lmvn their origin in the faot that a numbnr of bodies woro buriod noar the placo originally uaod as a ohuroh, and that thoso woro, lator on, removed on the oaaaBion of oortain altera tions boing oarried out at 1 Tho Oastlo." But, ghost slorios notwithstanding, enough is known to indioato pretty plainly that government aa carried on by the old Dutch Company, was very little short of a horrible Bystem of tyranny and cruelty. It muBt have been a great d&y; at the Cape when, in 1806, the Datob General, Janseens, transferred tho keys of ' The Castle' to Sir David Baird, as that event ushered in a new condition of affairs—a regimt of freedom and tolerance to which the European inhabitants had hitherto been strangers. With one stroke. slavery and tyranny wero abolished, never again to flourish bo long as the ' meteor flag ' of England is held aloft on the African continent. 