[?] -iBr Ernest T ac.) tCga&aaikJ-; gj* OM EARKE -was a man who S^SSL--^ in his own particul.j line W ? ? was. In bush parlance, 'a- fi _^ daddy.' His parti al ^tt^ -alar line was H ^V&f; 'bull - punching,' lii yV^KX *rs ' or- in other words, r Wj&-8-^\ bullock - driving « If J&2£&4L J-A Tom lived in an outride district of Northern Queens land in the days ?when there were still outside dis tricts in that co lony. He had two teams of his own, and was doing fairly well, though his tr ...s were lengthy, laborious, and at times dan gerous. The blacks in the ba saltic walls of the valley of the river, through which his usual road rani for nearly two hun dred miles, had a habit of issuing out of their *ast nesses on periodi cal occasions, and making a foray for fresh meat and other unconsider ed trifles, a white man's kidney fat not being the least delicacy amongst their requirements. Work Ing bullocks were especially prized, as they were quiet, and allowed the natives to come close to them, so that there was less trouble in spearing them. Tom Darke thought little of these dan gers, a brush with the niggers only served to warm his blood; in fact, there were but two things Darke was frightened of. One -was his ?wife, the . ther was the chance of seeing a ghost. His wife, a delicate little woman, lived at the nucleus of tL. tovnship that was being formed ..t the lowest crossing of the. river'before mentioned. The road there crossed the river, and went from Its valley out over the ranss, and down, to the coast to the seaport where it was bound. Mrs. Darke, as before taid, a slight little woman, but the proud possessor of a big bald-headed '..aby, lived there, and kept Tom in. order when he came down from up country.- ? Also, when he came back from down country; that is to tay, the rapidij'-growing seaport where he delivered and obtained I j load ing. Tom pulled up his two teams, for, as before said, he possessed two, at the back of the little township, and prepared to unyoke. His mate stopped with the waggons, but Tom spent his two days before they resumed their journey, at the weatherboard cottage, which was his own, and where the frail little wife, a±.d the big baldhead ed baby spent a not unhappy time, while he was away. Tinally, having unyoked, seen the bullocks taken off to their feeding ground, ail gone down to the river, and had a bath, and changed his clothes Tom felt fit to go home, and visit the small wife and big baby, with both of whom he (bad already exchanged distant salutations. ' 'Now, as again baforesaid, Tom Darke dreaded only two things— his wdfe and the supernatural. His wife ruled him by reason of her frailty, and the coa teonipt she had txxc -ghosts and all belonging to them. It was a source of wondenmemt to Tom how & little creature that he could have cut in two 'With has bullock whip, could laugh at the dark kl.u 'all the strange horrors (the dark might pos sibly conceal. Tom, if naggers were knocking albout, or bullocks had strayed, thought no more of the dark fcham any other buehmaJi. But let IbSnn sit for an hour or two round the camp fire, and get primed up by iua oarupanioine with proper bosh ghcst yarns, way the darkness beyond the ciirile of firelight became, to his imagination, peopled with ghastly shapes of horror. Tom's weakness was well known, and Ms wife baa often tried to raJly him on ttie subject; and he bad come to think that she was a person whom ghosts would not dare approach, and before whom these intangible phantoms of darkness, wiho occa sionally gibbered around Ms lonely camps, and peered with wild eyes through his smoke-begrimed mosquito nets, would dispense and fly. Great wonder was it then thai when Tom came Oj- smiling and clean soaped, and took Ms wife aaxd bald-headed baby into his extensive arms, he iwas amazed to find her in a tearful and aflectiom ole mood, hiding her face on his shoulder, and. ?ayiug 'Tom! Tom! I am so glad to see you back; I've had such bad dreame about you.' The bald beaided baby aaid 'Gloo, gloo,' and slobbered as Badly as ever, and Tom stood aghast at the Idea af his ghost-iproof wife being troubled by dreams. '?Dreams,' eaid Tom, adapting himself to the new character of eceptac. 'Dreams are all tom my rotters. . Why, I dreamt the other night tnait Snowey, ? you know, the near-side leader, was bogged in a waterhole, aaid the dingoes had chew ed bdfi ear off, and taken the eye out of Mm. [Lord, I was up hot foot in tiie morning, and out wtith Yellow Dan, and old Snow was as lishtas the bank, and looking at me as he chewed hie ouri. just as M he knew all about it, and was a laughing ait me. 'What were you dreaming about?' 'Oh, Tom, it was as real ae real. Tou were standing alongside a waterhole, a lagoon with tea tree scrub all round. It was a dark-looking la goon, with water lily leaves round the edges; ?nd Tom, you were standing there witn such a look on your face, and a gun in your hand. Oh, Tom, 1 oould'mt have believed, you could have looked so. Then I saw one of the water lily lea ves move, and a head come from out of the waiter. Tom, you put up your gun and fired at the head, and then there was a great noise, and epeans seamed to come flying towards you, so many that some of them must have hit you. Tom! tell me if you have had any trouble with the blacks this trip?' 'Trouble, Jennie! 'Why, it's been burnt feed afll through. Bullocks round the camp every mora Img; seemed as if they were just wanting to be yoked up. Never had an easier trip, aaid never Barw the track of a nigger.' 'Oh! Tom; and I've been so frightened about you ever since I had this dream.' Tom put his wife back from him, and looked at her. 'Tou, Jennie, frightened of dreams?' 'G4oo! gloo!' said the large- headed baby. ?'But, Tom, this wee more like reality; it was BO jflatin, go plain; and, Tom, listen, the face that yon tired at — tine face under tie water lrly leaves — ma Yellow Dan's, the half-caste boy you have Brttih, you as builocik watcher.' 'You must have been- dreaming. Yellow Dan ie the best boy Jack Morlobk and I could have got I'ent a better to be found in Queensland. Fancy my going to shoot him? Must have been dreaming, y^^ msust.' ' Tom and the wife went in to tea, and before !he started again for the little seaport of Bobsville ehe had nearly forgotten her strange dream, ex cept when Yellow Dan came up to the cottage and put her in mind of'it. Tom came back with a full loading, ready to start for one of the furthest stations out an the border land. 'Tom,' said his 'wfife, 'Fan camtag with you thfis trip.' ? . 'Coming wirtih mja/? How about baby?' 'Lord, Tom, I've been with you before: and if 6 time baby Ieaa-at to go on the road. W2iy, in another year you'll have to mate ivim a ijuOlocIc ?wfbiLp for himself.' Tom lojugiieid. He was none averse to Iris wife coming with him. She knew the routine of wag gon travel, and it was a good season, and tin ere 'were no bad stages ahead, and Morloek, his mate end future partner, was a good man, and am old friend, so w*hen the teaane left the croseing, bound for the outside station, Mis. -Darke. ensconced on the top of tine loading, under a big. white umbrella, -was one of the party, and She baib'y was another. ? Under fine weather conditions they went on along the lonely road that led to their destination. They had reached about half-way, when one day they passed a lagoon, and Tom riding alongside the waggon heard an exclamation from his wife. He looked up. She was pointing at the lagoon, the edge of which they were slowly traversing. 'My dream!' she exclaimed, bending forward to him. Tom looked at the still water; the girdle of lilies, and the tea-tree scrub, and felt uncomfort able. . ? - Air these lagoons are alike all over the .country; you can't tell one from another.'' 'This is the place I dreamt of,' she repeated. 'Well, at any rate, if I shoot Yellow Dan it will be because he has done something to deserve it. So that's all right little woman.' They went on some five miles past the spot, and once away from it she recovered her spirits. Tom was doubtful whether to tell Morlock about it or not, but she begged him not to. 'We shall have more company coming back,' be told her. 'There's generally one or two wanting to come down with us.' 'I don't want more company. Tom, but I want to get this trip over.' Tom felt highly uncom fortable. Naturally prone to' superstition, it was hard to have his fancies confirmed, as it were, by the one who always treated them with contempt. Moreover, the dream had so -worked on- Jennie's mind that she had conceived a dislike to Yellow Dan, the half-caste, who before had been a fav orite of her's. However, things went on smoothly, it was fine weather, there was good grass pretty well everywhere, and they reached their desti nation without any mishap. After a week's spell they started on their home ward journey, but . no one was going down about that time, so they were of the same number in party as before. They reached the camp that they had formerly occupied, within five miles of the lagoon that Mrs. Darke associa ted with her ominous dream. It was late when they reached it, and then noticed that, only a few miles back, at the base of the ranges, large bush fires were burning indicating the presence of i. lacks. However, the fire had not consumed the grass in the neighborhood of the water, so they unyoked and made their camp. (To be continued.) ; ? 