<feg fflhair JMtinp. The humours of a municipal banquet are not often counterbalanced by such serious, not to say lugubrious, topics as were recently introduced at the mayoral dinner at Fitzroy. Whilst the festivity was at its height Mr. Tucker, M.L.A^, sent up a wail on behalf of the unhappy taxpayer by declaring that Victoria was fast approaching in taxation some of the worst governed countries in Europe." Now to say nothing of the bad taste displayed in introducing such a topic at the festive board, Mr. Tucker laid himself open to the retort that, although a member of that legislative body having supreme power in the matter of taxation, he had never been known in his legislative capacity to utter a single protest against the grievous burdens which he so pathetically deplored. The hon. member was very properly taken to task by the Commissioner of Customs, who mildly deprecated this exhibition of what Castlereagh, of infamous memory, would call " the ignorant impatience of taxation." What a sad falling off was there in the late budget proposals of Sir Geo. Turner, compared with those of his predecessor in office. In the good old days of boom budgets the Treasurer's speech disclosed a veritable Cornucopia of favours to be showered upon a happy people, and extra .taxation was not so much as hinted at. But times, alas! are changed since then, and if the smallest favour is granted now it means a fresh turn of the taxation screw. This self-same screw must be working loosely somewhere when we find a remission and an increase of the same tax in the same budget speech. There is, however, some method in the madness of the Income Tax proposals, for it is in tended to include in the drag net all those enjoying the magnificent income of .£100 a year and upwards. Recent factory legislation insisted upon a half-crown a week as a minimum wage for shop girls and apprentices,- and it passes comprehension how .thb-keen-sighted Treasurer allowed this •plended source of revenue to escape scot •free. It is not yet too late, however, to remedy this glaring omission. Is there any art in " art unions " ? is a question which the members of the Australian Natives' Association are debating with some acrimony. Each branch is expressing opinions pretty freely pro and con on the matter. The goody- goodies of the association regard the holding of an art union as a deplorable transgression. The moderate members who support an art union see nothing wrong in holding it, and consider that without it the annual celebration would be a frost. Others maintain that if an art union is held it should not be for a money prize. The Metropolitan Committee have carried the proposal, but that will not end the strife; it will be prolonged within and without, till people who take no interest in little wrangles of no importance ore heartily sick of it. At a dull season like this the discussion of the act union question affords, for the time being, some amusement to news. h M1 of fun, and shows character of tbc Austrahan native. An assertion is made by a speaker, and immedfotely half-a-dozen others are on thar ert to points of order. On these young Australia is strong-almost as strong a n the inherited fighting instinct on winch he is rapidly improving, Accordingly h thus proceeds. The chairman is appealed to, and the speaker is asked to withdraw "the obnoxious statement. Instead ™ doing this, he tries to wriggle out of t e difficulty without a withdrawal. The members have not yet nsen abovc hc customs and manners of the Rebating society; but that will conic w> h ott er characteristics of mature growth. Ibc society is still in the adolescent stage. "Taxed to death" was ;he theme of a little speech by Mr Tucker, M.P., • t the Fitzroy mayoral dmner on Monda, . The senior member for that c'ty sa.^ "The country was taxed to death, in oven possible way the screw had been put on, and generally speaking the burden fell upon the poorer elates. in- S man had saved enough mone.v to build a house he was pitched into at oL™aughter)-and he was called upon Vpav this tax, that tax and the other tax because he had something tangible attached to the soil. He would ask them to look at the taxation imposed by the Metropolitan Board ol Works. It was really crue . It ti,e board wanted to take a mans property right awav. let it got an Act of larliament passed and take the whole lot at once, instead of being like the lady who, when told that her cat's tale must come off, replied: 'Very well, but so as not to hurt, the poor tiling I'll have an inch taken off at a time.' (Loud laughter and hear, hear.) Victoria was fast approaching taxation some of the worst governed countries in Europe." Mr. Tucker should not forget that he is one of the most consistent, supporters of the Government in every measure by which they have imposed taxes on the people. The Jesuits are on top again. They have been celebrating the receipt of the Victoria Cross "by Captain McKenna, an old Stonyhurst student. Already Stonyhurst men have won three Victoria Crosses. In replying to the toast of his health Captain McKenna disclaimed any special merit, but.added he was glad the opportunity hail conic to him. He used that word opportunity advisedly, because opportunity was the beginning aud end of it all. If the chance had been given to others there was not a man in the regiment who would not have done all that he had done. Still, fortune had been kind to him, and ho was glad, and if the honour which had been conferred upon him by the Queen seemed in any way to reflect credit on his old school, then there was an additional reason for prizing the Victoria Cfoss. He then 6poke of all lie owed to Stonyhurst and the friends he made there, and told bow when he first joined his regiment one or other of his brother officers would sometimes say to him, '• Look here, old fellow, aren't you a Jesuit?" And he^would reply that " if he ever became twice as good a fellow as he could ever hope to be he would certainly try to be a Jesuit." Yet the Jesuits have no legal standing in Great Britain or Ireland. All the unjust laws enacted for their suppression have not been repealed. Mr. George Watson, the starter of the Victoria Racing Club, is an impulsive Irishman. It is well known that when engaged in liis official duties he is not scrupulous as to the language he uses. He very often not only uses a big D—, but sometimes still stronger language. When the Duke of Saxe-Coburg Gotha, then Prince Alfred, visited Australia he went to the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Watson was presented to him by Captain Standisb, and it was arranged that the Duke should go to the post to see the start. Mr. Watson was in the act of lowering the flag when H.R.H asked him what horse was going to win. Simultaneously came the signal, "Off," and the reply, "D it, man, judge for yourself; you know as much about it as I do." On returning to the stewards' enclosure, and at Captain Standish's suggestion, Mr. Watson was about to express his regret, when the Duke quickly stopped him, saying, "Don't say a word, Mr. Watson, I was in fault, for interrupting you at such-a critical moment." The incident ended in smiles and champagne. The Federal Enabling Bill'will, it u hoped, soon receive the Royal assent. The last Bill sent from New South Wales to alter the constitution was forwarded by Mr. ParkeB. This measure was intended to crush colonial disloyalty, and was the outcome of the attempt made by a madman to assassinate Prince Alfred. The measure was passed through Parliament in seven hours. One of- itB clauses decreed a punishment of seven years' penal servitude for anvone who should say that the Australian Co- lollies would be benefited by soparatkm from England; another specified that il any person shall use any language disrespectful to Her Most Gracious Maiesty, or shall factiously avow a determination to refuse to join m any loyal toast or demonstration m honour otMer Majestv, or shall by word or deed express sympathv with the crime ol any persons' stated or suspected to be engaged ill the commission of or m the attempt to commit any felony under this Act. . . • every such person snail be deemed guilty of a misdemeanour, and may thereupon be apprehended by any constable or any otner person without, any warrant for such purpose, and on conviction shall be imprisoned with or without, hard labour for any period not exceeding two years. The measure was too drastic for even a coercion Government- to pass, and tho Royal assent, was accordingly withheld. The Kiama ghost—the creation of Mr. Porkes—had not the effect which that dishonest politician aimed at. Both lie and the ghost are now laid. What is the matter with the police^ Of late years they have been frequently getting into trouble. Some of them liave had to stand their trial in the Criminal Court. More recently one member has been dismissed, and another disrated for conduct which did not. meet with the approval of the officers. It is stated, that Orangeism is rampant in the departino t, and thai most of those recently in trouble belong to what is known as the " Yellow Pup." Each constable when lie joins the torce is asked, "Do you belong to secret society'.' " but the question goes no further. It is well-known that in the police force several of its members are engaged in promoting Orangeism by attending various lodges, •when they ought to be attending to their official duties. It is to be hoped that the new head of the Detective Department, Inspector Sharp, will not allow any outside influence to sway him, and that merit alone will be the recognised rule of the office. If this rule had been recognised in the past many of the police scandals which have recently taken place would not have occurred. TAPLEY. 