Ghost Stories. By Kate Thokn, Of all the abominable practices of which sensible grown people can be gnilty, that of telling ghost stories to children is the most abominable. Tha man who would do it onght to be tied 'up in a dark cellar, and be danced aronnd by a troop of Jack-o'-lanterns till daybreak ; and the woman who would do it ought to be obliged to forego winter bats and big sleeves, and dress in ghostly white the rest of her life. Who believes in ghosts? Does any body ?. Did any living person ever see one, without the help of the Imagination 1 Children's minds are new— they eaeily receive impressions, and first impressions are lasting. What unimaginable terrors the poor little things have snffered through the indiscretion of their elderB in repeating before them some silly story in which a ghost figured I They learn to be afraid of the dark. They will not go to bed without some one to sit by them until sleep comes, lest the ghost may pnt in an appearance. And if they wake up in the night, they cover their heads in the bed-clothes, and lie still and tremble, and perspire, and wish they could hear somebody's rooster crow, so that they could be sure morning was coming. Grown people thoughtlessly repeat stories of tbe supernatural, and descant upon signs, before children, never dream ing of the 'trouble and -distress they are causing. Not long ago, a dear little girl came to us, with tears in her eyes and terror on her face, and in trembling tones, asked us if we believed that breaking a looking- glass was a sign of death ? Upon questioning her, she told as, with a great deal oE evident distress, that she had broken a mirror, and that her aunt had told her it was a sure sign of death in the family; and the poor child's nearest relative being a dearly-loved mother, her fears had turned to her, and she was well- nigh distracted at the thought of losing her. Shd had not slept the whole night before, she said, and we mentally wished that we had the power to punish the foolish old annt. One sign we believe in sincerely — when yon find a person who is continually croaking abont this thing and that thing being a sign of coming misfortune or death, it is a sure sign that there is something lacking abont the mind of that particular person. Can any reasonable, sensible man or woman believe that if God was about to take us hence, |He would cause as to break a looking-glass in order to warn us? Would He send us an intimation of what was coming by the tick of an insect in the wall? or the crowing of a broken up sitting hen on the doorstep ? Let us be done with such absurdities ! Life is too real, too earnest, to be fooled away in any such manner as this. Let the other world alone ! God will take care of it. If He had designed us to know abont it, things would have been arranged so that we conld have understood without the agency of table tippings, bell ringings, and the waving of spirit hands through cabinets curtained with green cambric, and made to conceal " presences'" who; are engaged in the business which most' of this world's people follow — money making. Bat let us entieat you —whatever ab surdities of ghoBt and spirit conversations you may indulge in, let it not be before children— for you make them nnhappy, and plant within them . the germs of a supernatural fear, which will torment them all through life. 