K e w s m 23rie±. Money wanted for the Yass Hospitalsee advt. Hall's greasy wool 1/5 per lb. Hume's Homestead selection at Bango available on jotli instant. The name of Private L. Chambers who made 153 points (marksman) was omitted 1com the muskctiy list in last issue. 'The death is announced, from dropsy, of Lady Salisbury, wife of the British Premier. The French Government is disposed to guarantee a loan of 10,000,000 francs for the construction of a railway in Now- Caledonia. BSU For Pipes, Tobacco, Cigars, Cigar- ettes, and all Smokers Requisites, go to Kenny's, next Post Office. Prince Henry of Orleans reproaches France for remaining impassive while ' Great Britain, Germany and others divide the world between them.' The steamer Waiwera, with the New- Zealand Contingent on board, was due at Durban (Natal) on Tuesday. BS5~ P- J. Kenny keeps Brooks &• Co.'s school books. A lady (li. M. Hopper) a public school teacher in the Upper Hunter district, who suffered from sore eyes consequent on close study and sun glare, says :—" I cannot speak too highly of Rose's Celebrated live Lotion. My eyes were very bad indeed, but 1 got miraculous relief by one application." Sold by all chemists and storekeepers throughout the colony. For Birthday or Condolence Cards go to Kenny's, next to post office. The Kent, with the first batch of the New South Wales troops 011 board, is expected 10 put into Port Elizabeth for orders 011 the inst., and the Aberdeen on December 2. Mr. John Norton made a strong attack on the police administration, in the Legislative Assembly, and asked that a Royal Commission be appointed. B®» If you want a friend in the winter try Mande'.son's boots Mr. Affleck has brought in a bill to do awav with the issue of railway passes for life." Mr. Wm. Houston, 1,'nder-Secretary for Lands, lias been otfeTed the position, tern porarilv, of the office vacated by Mr. Cogh l.iii on the Public Service Board. W&, If you want a first-class hair cut and shave go to Kenny's ; two chairs ; no waiting ; next Post Office. Protestant clergymen at Batliurst aii refraining from taking part in the forth coming Hospital Sunday demonstration as a protest against the desecration of the Sabbath. Bnrtsch, who stands committed for trial in connection with the Wellesley outrage, was at 1 )eh-gate sentenced to three months' imprisonment for stealing a gun. BSSu Why shulHo along the street like that when Mandelson's boots cure corns, old man. The Souih Australian Government has accepted the proposals of the Eastern Kxlvnsion Telegraph Company for the laying of a cable between Natal and Australia. The Victorian, Tasmanian, South Australian, and West Australian contingents on the steamer Medic were due at Capetown yesterday. A good bouse wife will insist on getting Mandelson's boots, George. The Premier, in answer to Mr. Sleath, said that from what lie understood of Mr. Affleck's bill for the regulation of the employment of domestic, servants, he thought the hon. member ought to withdraw the measure and not ask the government to give up time to it. Having purchased a first-class Tobacco Cutting Machine, smokers can rolv on getting their Tobacco cut well and blended at Kenny's next Post Office. The German Royal party, including the Kaiser, the Empress, and two sons, will spend five days at Windsor, aud two at S.indringham. The Kaiser's visit to England is unpopular in Germany- Ladies Buller and White have appealed for funds to provide Christmas comforts for the British troop* and their families. Marconi's system of wireless telegraphy is noiv in operation between the ships of the Mediterranean fleet. BQ},, I say, |ohn, if you want to get even with Frank, buy your boots at Mandelson's. A cable has been received by the Premer from the Imperial War Office asking the destination of the steamer Kent with the N.S.W. troops on board. Reports from the early wheat districts in Victoria show that the stripper returns are highly satisfactory, and the grain is well filled. Ill response to an advertisement by the Victorian Gcm <:n'>ntcn{ {or 30 junior clerks in the public service, 958 replies were re 1 cc-ived. tSS, For all kinds of toys go to Kenny's next P.O. I11 Melbourne on Monday several grocers were fined for selling " baby" bottles of champagne, which did not contain an Imperial pint, as required by law. Miners working in Blaynev copper mine complain of supernatural noises belowground, and assert that there is a ghost 111 the workings. Dr. l-'raser, the victim of the St. Kilda shooting episode, states he will continue to reside in Melbourne, but will not prac tice his profession there. For Scones, Puddings, Cakes, ladies, take good advice, Use WnuRli'i* llotiEnir P o w rt^r* and luivn t.lipm nirn. Since the Gundagai council decided to prosecute for rates, the sum of over has been paid by defaulters. Wanted, the name of the goodlooking girl that don't wear Mandelson's It is a popular belief that a holly bush planted near a house protects it from lighting. The eyes of snakes are never closed. Alive or dead, sleeping or waking, they are always wide open. Mr, J. J. Miller, of Cootamundra, has been appointed manager of the l-'arniers* Co-operative Company, and leaves for Sydney this week to take up his new duties. The company gives promise of being a big success. The executive committee of the Bom bala Federal League is very busy pushing the claims or that place for'a federal capital. They suggest a site that touches the Victorian border, evidently with the object of capturing Victorian support. They have also arranged for a conference to take place at Barnsdalc, inside the Victorian border. 