The True Church and Its Authority. *--+---- Fellowing is the substance of a paper re ceoltly readr before the Newcastle Mnulstere' Assoeloatiol by Rev, T. Parr, M.A.: This subioect Is forced upon our notice on all sides. The claims of the Papacy, In stead of abatilg, are being strenuounsly put forward with a persistency sometimes quiet and Sccret, and sometinmes opLn and blian-. tunt, but with an impelling power nalwoays at work. The High Church party of the Engllsh Church are asserting their claims as tile only true church with equal dleter luination. Weo mlight he conltellnt to lei?ae these parties to settle thile questloll betweenll thlem, but that by thile very audacity of tllheir claims they stanatlmes succeed Ill leading slmplle minds astray. On the other hIland, withl tlhe advanelllg liberalism of tie age thlere is a tendency In manly qualrters to nmake of thle true churcht a mere philal tllrrlic society, a civic organlsatllon "of those who se'rve In the cauce of tllose wlho suffer." All around us there are signs of the indifference of many to the whole qtles tion. The church is Ignored, as if its au thority were nil, and Its very existence but a luxury for the fancies of a few. T'he man of the street on thle molntlion of the qutastlnn shllrugs his shoulders, lold says: "In the multitude of different sects who call tell?" As a runmtter.of self- defence and self-interest we nmight find .cause folr il rerused attenltion to the subject, hut there is a tar higher reason. We Iulst speak for the honour of our Lord. We are members of I-ls bodly, redeemed by Ills blood, pledgedl to .HIs service, partakers of ilis spirit. To be silent would be to act as Itralers. His chullrch is a reality, a1 surely Ias Christ Itlmself is a reality. There is a true church as surely as there Is a true Chrint. The claim of the exclusives Is that tIlhe markls of thills true church are aIn lti c qulty, apoetollclty, unity, ulnversality. Al lowing them to put their ow interllcreta-l Lion1 on these terms, their case Is- iroved. But wilth tIle Word of God In our1hand we have a very clear and mlpresslve warlning lagainst accepting nltiquity as a mark. Inll the days of Christ thle organlsatlon callilng Itself the chosen people of God was very far from beinlg the true church. Its or dallned oficials saw not HIi glory. 'Prlients and' ecrlbes were ignoraont of His nalppear ing. Thile true church was represenllted by thile Ilhulmblle shllepherds, the faithful Sileoan, and the saintly Hannlahl. MOlI ,111o coulll trace unldoubted lescenlt from Abrahlam wero told by Christ that though "chlldrel of tlne. KIllngdotn" in tllhis reslpect thley should be "cat out Into tho' outer dark less," whilst the believllg Geonlllo shouldl sit 1down with Abrallham In the Kilngdoml of leavelln, Priests who coulld trace descent from \aronll, with flar mere accuracy tillan any to-day can trace descent: from PLeter, i.ersecluted the Christ, and rested not till by their efforts He was crulcified. Witil tills examnple beforo us, we must hiower of resting 1upon11 antiqluity or descent as mnarits. Unity stands as a reasonablle teat, but remenmbering thtt thle chlurch Is a spilritual organlllstion, we contend thlat tihe unity that markls tile true chlurch mInust le soloethlng more than that of mechanical organlsaatlon, It lust b1 a unity of life, As to universality hoaving before us the extent of such a religion as Duddhlsmlo; alnd the splread of such aI religion as fMoham nltledanlltlln, we cannot nccept the more ox tenslveness of a religion as the test of Its truth. For the sure and certain doctrine n: olpiael nilust he to tile W\ord of odl, W stay not witl th te "Fathlers." Adlmit tlng that, livilng nearer to the apostolic age, they Ilossesed some advantages, we also hIear In minld tile evidence in tile Epistles to the Corlnthians, Galatolans, and In the Apocllypso of decadence of spilritual, life, oe backsliding and error that causes us to Iprefer the direct evidoence of the New. TeOs tLament. Boginning with Christ Himself; it Is noticnble that the phrase most fre qulaentllv used by Him Is "Kingdom of God," or "lingdom of HIleaveln." Only In two places does Hie use the terml church, In the. accond of these (Matthew XVIII.,) IIe makcn I t synonymous withl thle Cinllgdlm, for HIa describes tlhe quallifcatlon of morm hers of Ils KIlngdlom, and then iproceeds to speakl of the church, With .His sermon on the Mount, and the 'teaching of Matthew X.VIII, together witlh -ie last discourse oil the "true vlng," and His last priyer befolre us, we should suon up the testing nmar'll as qualifinatlosl of the true church, as pllrity, Ilulmnlllty, splirituality, docility, unity, prao tical activity. In Matthew XVI., we Ilavr the well-known passnge onl whlplt the ldoo trilne of Peter's supremnacy is founded, Gut to tile most casual reader It ls .ovlidelnt that It Is not on Peter personally thatt the churcllh Is to be built,' but on Poter as confel:sslng thle Dlyilnlty of Chrlist, for niot long after, Peter, robukltllg Christ, was coll deanllled by Illa, and called Satan, tile adversary. Peter canlnot hie a raelk founda tlon and0 an adversary at thile same time, The explinltilon of Pota's authliority 'sym bollsod y' tile "keys" Is to he found in tile history of the clhurclla n givelialt the Alto of tlhlo Apostles, 13y thile spooal rovulation vouchsafed to him at Joppa, lie wat com missloned to proolalni thile Gospol to the Gelntiles, and adlmit them into the uhurch, Ho thrs used.the power of the kIteys to open the doue of the ehuroh toin those who had beeo beforttimes excluded, . At Pontoonst he woa promilent; but after tlheo, council at ,l'rusal'om the record oOases, :Jl tho'e Epls* ties lie is spoken of vlith 'James, and Jol1n as "pillars" of thle churcll Ilt ils' own oplstle he assumlan no speolalauthority, 1ut hatos Ils position n it I "follow oller"--a co presbytor, ,In lddltllonii totlisatloro Is linot n word as to his nappolitmoilt of suaoassool', s0 t1hat the atuthority , :f1-til chnurtll iiolst .lot', lhel baed :o l P'otor onlly, 0a h' 10 l 000 of thle aliostleos and servants of thoeLord, In?i Mattlihew XVIII0' welI hnave Chrlist's Mnagna Chartla of. the C)hurcb, ~Its, members are those who 'are converted ad .booma' o 'd little bchlldren., Its bond of union is love. Its dlseIlline to to be exercised by the whole church, whoseo decislons chall be ratifiei lo Ileavyu (not al word of Peter or even of apostles). Its pri ,vilege is that of prayer. Its power is thu spiritual presence of the Lord. - Not a word of sacraments, priest, or sacrifice. Ilr the Acts of the Apostles we have the record of the organisation of the church. The true church is constituted by the gift of the Holi Spirit, and we notice in its members the marks, as set forth in -the teachings of Christ. The authority of the church is manifest in four definite steps taken. The first the appolntmlent of an apostle in place of Judas. This was done not by the apos ties, but on the choice of the people and thg final decision between the two names warn made by lot. The second stop is the ap pointment of deacons. Again the choice is made by tile people, and when the seven are thus selected the apostles set then aonuarb by. prayer and the layling on of hand. The third is the appointment of ministers or, missionaries. The nameo are given of cer tain prophets and teachers at Aatioch, not an apostle among them; they did not think of sending for an apostle. But as they waited oni thile Lord in prayer the Holy hlioet said: "Separate me, Barnabas and Saul, to tthe work vhereuntotI have called themt." Tiey did so, atd so the first mtis. sionarles were ordained and sent forth tnttr who afterwards themselves are called apostles of Jesus Christ. The fourth step that is full of significance is the record of the council at Jerusaleom, to which was oub minitted the question as to whether the Gen tiles should be compelled to be clrcumlcised. We read that "the apostles and elders cantmo together' to consider tile matter." Then "the whole multitude." Paul and Barna has laid the case before them. Peter ani Jamies gave their opinionrs. Thile decision was tnaent by the whole comtpany, and a de iutation appoinited to take a letter sent it Iht nanme of the apostles and elders and brethren. The authority of tile churchl Ia here, and this authority is that of t.lld whole ontice-bearers and members combilcid. Cominlg to the epistles we find variouso orders inamed--ulpstlcs, teachers, prophets. & c.. but ino mention of special order of rulers. Bishops and prestlyters are melt holdtintg the slne ofilce-See Titus 1., 5-7., Acts XX., 17 and 28. In carrying out dis clpline Paul writes to the. Corinthians as a whole church to expel the offender. Tho ipastoral epistles form a nltnister's manual. Tilmothy and Titus are to ordain I presby ters, or bishopa, In every city. The whole matter Is evidently a local arrangement for the organlsation of the churches in Crete, similar to that method adopted by the agents of the missionary societies of to-day iII or gantslng the mission churches. To suas up the results of our examination negative ly:-1. There is no iprelacy in the New Tes tament. It may ie contended for as a wisn expetdient, and one adopted very early nla the times succeeding the apostles. But as a speelal order to rule, to ordain ministers, tO appoint successors, it is not in the New Tem. tament. 2. There is no order of Chrlstiant sacrificing prlestliood in the New Testament. The epistle that deals specially with the subject of sacrifice and priesthoold pIroclamlu Christ as the one great and only priest who has ofletored onlce and for over tile only sacrl lice. The word for sacrificing priest is tnever used of the miniister of the Gospel. It is used twece, and on each occasion refers to all the memnbers of the church. Positively, the true church is the company of believers. A definition is give in l1st Cor., 1., 2. Tile word "eclesia" translatesl for church is applied- irst to the compay, of bellevers in one pilace gathtered together, the local churclh. Then it Isapplied to tha whole number of ithose who believe of all places, Including men and swomlen of all uatlons and lutnguai ges. Then Ithe coocep tion trises to that of the ideal church of earth and Heavenl, sanctifled, glorllled, the bride of Christ. The church is visible as regards its imembers in thIeir spirit of lovO and wortks for Chrlist. It Is invisible at regards its Head, its heavenly power andl energy. Ini a word, tile true church lt kItown by its litkeness to its Lord and Mas ter. " Where Christ Is there lis th0 church." Tlhe luthority is not ia mant or any order of men in tlhemselves, tiut as they receivo the splrlt of Christ and voice His will. This authority is exercised in recevihlg or re jecting members, appointling ofcers, wit nteshlig for Christ in the world, lot claim ing the posltion of arbiters iIn oevery dis aute, for tis requiris the It knowledge of thebo expert, ihe puttilg forth Cllrlt's ptrinciples of righteousnless and goodness by wchiel all disputes may be settled, in rebltltlg sih, In claiming men fr' ChOrist. The iractlcal application of tho whole is: 1. \Ve should emlphlsise more energetically the aulthorlty of Christ, otr H-ead. Tlhe datger of the Corinthllnn Churcl of separating into see tions by tlmktilng too much of mnell is not yet past. Paul, Apolloes, KIphIsi, though apostles, were only "minisoters by whorm they had believed." We may apply it to day. Who thenl is Hoolker or Gill, or Dodd ridge or.KIllox, or Chalmers or \Wesley, but ministers by whom ye have believed ? 2. Let us rcallse the high posltloa of the cllurch. It is God's own itstltutlon, the body of Christ. 3. Let us gliard jealously' our privileges, our authority, ahd powter are only by tlle Hloly Ghost. Without the sphirt of God tle church is nouglht. I. I?et tis strive for lltity. The only real ulnity, that of lifo and love. Those are the glita of the spirit of God and come to us Iy faith. lThere is ono Lord, one faith, onei baptism. P. Let us look to our Infinite resources, even the fulness of the love and power of God. 