Hope the Hermit. ? *_. — CHAPTER XII. Audrey Rtdoliffe hid in tbs meantime been passion: s Very quiet interval al Penrilti witb ber mother's kinsfolk. The first exoite maot of ber betro'btl wbi oter, snd the bad settled down into a state ot dreamy conieot, liking well aoooftb working at tbe store of new garments wLioh ber mother was holp— log ber to prepare, ind wonderibg in ber own heart whether in their old age she and Henry Broworifjg wonld be as quarrelioma a couple as her greit-»unt and great— uncle Aeiiooby. 8arelj Henry could nerer so flatly, eontridiot her, or adopt Unola Aglionbj's invarikble re tort : ' Nonienss Msdam ; yon know nothing1 wb»te»er aboot it, Piy yoar needla and hold tongue' If be did, oonld she hare bad tbe pttienee to go on meekly makiog bis shirt, wbiie he blundered over tome detail which a woman witb her quioknr inii^ht would hare bad tbe skill to avoid ? Cert&ioly; Aunt Aglionby rav«nired hersrlf by noit withering remarks wh«n her hnsband was ruelullj obliged to ad mit himself mistaken, Tbere was something indescribably irritating about her smile 'and her ' Jast si I told yon, sir.' Still, the old people wsre food of esob other after a fashion, and spart they wonld bare been utterly miserable ; bat Audrey, who bad seen soarcely anything of married life, began to perceive that it was not all un mixed bliss, and that even these old kinsfolk who had lived together for fifty years had still to make allowance for eaeh other's little infirmities. She was sitting one morning in the parlor bnsy, with a: piece of embroidery, when her mother entered with acropen lAter in her band. ' I have, heard from on old friend of my mother's, Audrey,' she said, ' a Mrs. Simp son, who] is visiting ber kinsman, Mr. Oarleton, hot far from F«nrith. She baa bat just heard of our being in the neigh borhood, and Mr. Oarleton's ooaoh waits be low to take tta'biok to visit them. Pat on yoar best ssaque, and let us go at onoe, for the horses must not be kept waiting in this oold east wind: ' Who ii Mr. Oarletoo, ma'am,' askad Audrey, glanoing towards the hearth, where Aunt Aglionby was busy with her spinning wheel. ' He lives st Oarlelon Manor, a mile from Penritb,' said theold lady. Brit he is a strange tempered old man, and crippled with gont; the Simpsons are the only visitors wbo ever stay at tha Manor now.' ' Did not his daughter and heiress marry Thomss Simpson ? ' asked Mrs Radoliffe. ' To be snre she did, they had her safely -wedded when she was bnt a ohild of fourteen, lest she should follow the example of her elder sister,' said Mrs. Aglionby. - Tbe poor old man has never got over that icandal.' Audrey would have liked to stay and hear more, for Aunt Aglionby seemed in a chatty mood, bat she had to hasten awsv and dresB. and 'though she had intended to aik ber mother what the scandal waa that bad so disturbed old Mr Csrleton, sbe forgot all about It when they were rattling along in the flDmjbroos old ooaoh, nor did it reour to ber mind until Mrs. SimpBon, a pleasant-locking elderly lady, led her into the room where, half lost in a huge *randtather obair witb cushioned iidt« and arms to it, sat a withemj, wrinkled old man in a purple coat, witb bis gouty foot on a leg-real, and that ominous single upright line between the eyes whiob betokens a s'ormy temper. He reoeived Mrs. Rsdoiiffs witb an effort at courtesy, but either a twinge of gout or some painful mom or y made him glare at Audrey as sbe onrtseyed in response to hts Blight bow. ' Wba-, madam 1' he said, torn ing to. Mrs. Radoliffe. 'Do I understand that *yda'r daughter hat arrived at this ago. snd is not yet married ? That's a mistake— a great mistake.' 'Audrey is betrothed to Mr. Brwnrigg, the ,T7ader-8harifi,' said Mrs. Radoliffn, amsaed,' but' seorelly amused, at this . very plain speaking. .„?-*'. ' Get her. married qniok, madam,' growled the sin' man.' '-' ''Delays are dangerous. I would have all maids wedded at fourteen, before they have time to get foilisb notions in their beads or try to lake the bit between their teeth. . Here Mrs, SimpBon contrived to pat in a word wh fob turned tbe con venation, and soon after tbe butler nnnounoed tbat dinner was letred, Tbe meal proved a loDg and v«ry dull fanetioo, and Audrey sighed with relief when they returned to the cooler atmosphere of tbe withdrawing room. Here a pretty little boy of seven years old joined them, Mrs. Simpson's small grandson Tom ; and Audrey, who conld always make herself bappy with ohildren, soon induoed the little fellow to east aside bis stiff company manner and to chatter away freely. \- Show yoor doves to Mlis Radoliffo, Tom,' said his grandmother, not unwilling to get rid of tbe two younger members of tbe family and to enjoy a quiet talk witb Mrs. Bad oliffe. And Audrey, willing enongb went off band in band with the ohild, who led ? ber into a far away wing where in the big daserted nursery bis wicker cage of doves oooupled tbe wide window seat, 1 Did you Dring this biq; cage with . yon from home ?' asked Audrey. ' No, tbe doves live here,' flairf tbs child. 1 But every year 1 oome bare and see them, sometimes with tb» mother, sometimes wi'b grandmother. I shouid liHe it if it weren't for tbe gbos'.' Audrey laughed merrily. 'Wby, Tom, tber« are no snob. thing* as shot's,' ihe said, 'Gome! I ana na-e 700 never inw one.' - 1 No,' gaid the ohild, daub-fully. . I don'i think. it cornea io'o the house, -but B-'.y ? that's tbe hoasemaid— ibe says that any ni^ht yon may see ber walking in the plcasanoc and crying,' ' See Batty ?' said Audrey, miEoh'ovnunly. ' Ho, see the ghost,' said tbe obi 'd, wrb wide eyes. ' Who is she P' 1 Well,' said Tom, lowering bis voic. ' Don't »ay I fold you, fir they tbink I din'r know — they always do think tbat I don't know things— bnt it is my mother's shier Lucy ; I b'lirve she was a very wiok'd wo idbc — that's why we must never say Imr nftmr,. Betty says — though all tbesamo I tliink Betty is very sorry for her. She dis obeyrd grandfather, and no one ever dares do tha- — I can't tbink bow ibo dared do it. Batty said tbat rather than marry Sir James Grey, wbo was always drusk by two in tbe afternoon, she r«n away from horns.- Betty's mother was a servant here then, and she told her. Yon oome here and I'll sbow you some thing.' Audrey allowed herself to be led along a corridor, at tbe end of wbioh Tom unbolted a door and took ber into an empty room. Not an atom of furniture was in it, bat leaning agaioat the wainscot, with its face to tbe wall, there stood a large picture. 'This was Aunt Luoy's bedroom,1 whim pered the child, ' and after sbe ran away my grandfather bad it all stripped like this, and he made tbem lake down ber piolure from the dining room and bad it put away in hero witb its face to the wall.' ' And what makes yon fanoy that slio walks still in the gsrden ?' said Audrey. 'They have seen her,' said the ohild, in in awe-struck voice. Her ghost walks up aid down under (he treea in tbe pleasanop, jutM as Botly'i mo'her saw her doing the after noon wben ojy grandfather aaid sbe wouM marry Sir J.meB whether 8.he liked it or no*. She walked to and fro oryiog, for hours they say, and in the morning, when they oam-- here to waks ber op, tbe room was empt.? and the window wide open— she bad gut on' in the night by tbis tree that grows oloie by.' Audrey went (0 look at the tree, snd reflected that the girl muBb have been des perate indeed before she took suoh a leap. Then she stooped down and looked at tbe asms painted 00 the baok of ibo pioture. Lucy Oarlbtoh. Anno Domini 1666. Aetat. 15. Strong ouriosity to Bee the fsoe of the heroine of this strange romance suddenly seized her. She oarefully turned the pioture rouud, rather to tbe horror of little Tom, who gripped fast hold of ber droas, ourioat, too, yet fall uf so inexplicable dread at tbe thought of seeing the faoe of tbe ghost. Flicking off tbe dost with her hankerohief, Audrey saw that tbe pioture represented a young girl si'tiag in a conventional a'.titude on a grassy slope, in a white satin dress more united to a ball-room. At ber feet two little.Eing Obarlea Spaniels played nitb a ball, but when raising ber hand to dnst the bigber part of tbe picture Audrey wss able to make out the features distinctly, shegave a stifled exclamation of astonishment. For in tbat familiar abort face, with its healthy coloring, its finely-moulded mouth and ohin, its dsEElingly bright hazel eyes and soft brown oarls, she at onoe recognised tbe face painted in tbe miniature whiob ahe and Michael bad discovered in Borrowdale, Here at last was fresh evidence ss to Michael's parentage, and sbe hastily turned over in her in ber mind the plan she bad best adopt, ft would hardly do to apeak of the disoovery downstairs, Bbe must at any aste oonsnlt with her mother first, and with another long look at the pioture sbe turned it onoe more with its face to tbe wall, and hand in hand witb Tommy she returned to the nursery. ' You could nit be afraid of suoh a sweet looking ghost as that,' she said, glanoing at tbe ohild. ,- To beoontinned. 