PERTH BAPTIST CHURCH, THE NEW BUILDING. Last week the new Baptist Church, in Museum street, was opened. The build- ing is designed in the late Gothic style of architecture. The materials used in the walls are Cottesloe stone, coursed and axe faced, relieved with bricks laid in bands, and having cement labels, strings, copings, weatherings, etc. The facade has two bold entrances, and a large four light window, with the spandril filled in with black and white bricks as diaper work and the gable is finished with moulded coping, having ornamental iron finales resting on moulded panelled bases. The sides of the building are in character with the front, and strengthened with wide flat buttresses, and relieved with brick bands and cement mouldings. The plan of the building is rectangular. The principal entrances, which are two, are placed at the upper and lower corners of the building, and open into lobbies 12ft. by 9ft. each. Between these lobbies and leading from them, communicating with each other, are two reception rooms 13ft. by 10ft. each, which are also to be used as class rooms during school hours. Leading from these lobbies, and parted from same by swing doors, is the church proper, 60ft. long by 40ft. wide, having a sloped floor. The ceiling of the church is barrel shaped, lined with kauri pine in narrow widths, having bold mouldings in each angle and varnished. The roof princi- pals are most part seen, and have shaped collar beams, carved ribs, studs with turned drops and scrolled iron- work. The ceiling is finished at the wall plate line, with pierced facia boards and mouldings. The church is lighted with four long windows on each side and the one large window at the end previously mentioned filled in with lead lights, glazed with cathedral glass, slightly tinted and re- lieved with a few strong, rich tints effec- tively designed. Special attention has been given to the ventilation and as ar- ranged it is thought that it will be very successful. The lower part of the side windows have been fitted with slat louvres for use during the summer months and when they are not needed are closed by small cedar doors, opening inwards, hung to iron frames and secured. Fresh air is also admitted through iron case- ments in each window, and through the pierced facia at the wall plate line. The vitiated air is carried off through openings in the ceiling by iron pipes and carried up through the ridge and finished with "torpedo " ventilators. The rostrum is at the rear end and the choir platform at the entrance end of the building. The former has a bold cedar curved rail, turned balusters and filiing-in of shaped cedar. Part of the ros- trum door is movable, and 'below it is the Baptistry, having steps at each end and lined in part with white glazed tiles, and furnished with water service, and is in every part com- plete. The central part of the church is furnished with seats of kauri pine and cedar cappings, curved on plan. The sides are left for chairs, and set to follow the curve of the seats. At the back of the church are two class rooms, 12ft x 10ft., minister's vestry, 12ft. x 9ft., and staircase hall, 12ft. x 10ft. Over these rooms is a large one, 34ft. 6in. x 12ft. 6in., which will be used for week evening meetings. Be- hind the main building, under a separate roof, but connected by a covered way, is the infant class room, 24ft. 9in. x 10ft 6in., a kitchen, furnished with copper, wash-up sink, water service, etc. The work has been carried out by Messrs. W. J. Brown and Son, and the architect is Mr. James Hine, of the Royal Arcade, of this city. The build- ing, which is capable of seating 350 persons, cost over £1,500, and the church land, which includes the corner block, measuring 50ft. by 110ft., and reserved for a larger church in the future, has cost £1,050. The Opening. The opening took place on Friday. In the afternoon a special service was held, which was attended by a large congregation. The service was conducted by the Rev. E. H. Ellis, President of the South Australian Baptist Union, who was assisted by the Rev. A. S. Wilson, pastor of the church, and the Revs. J. Beck, F. H. Radford, W. Kennedy, and J. Macallister. On the plat- form were the Revs. D. Ross, M.A., and A. H. Moore, B.A. (Presbyterian), Reva. W. H. Peters and E. Davies (Congregational), and Mr. E. A. Illingworth (Church of Christ) The opening sermon was preached by the Rev. E. H. Ellis, who delivered an eloquent address on II Chron. v11, 1,2, 3: "When Solomon had made an end of praying, the fire came down from Heaven and the glory of the Lord filled the house . . and the people worshipped and praised the Lord" At 6 in the evening a tea meeting was held in the Shearer Memorial Hall. The tables were loaded with an excellent re- past, largely contributed to by the ladies of the congregation, and fully three hun- dred persons sat down to tea. In the evening the opening services were continued, when the church was filled to overflowing. The chair was occupied by Mr. G. H. Cargeeg, president of the Bap- tist Union of Western Australia, and he was supported on the platform by tho different speakers for the evening. Prayer was offered by the Rev. W. T.Kench, of Trinity Congregational Church, after which apologies were read from several gentle- men who were unavoidably absent. The Chairman, in his opening re- marks, gave a short sketch of the establishment of the church in Perth. It was founded by the Bev. J. H. Cole on the 23rd of June, 1895, in the Town Hall, with a membership of eighteen, only seven of whom were on the roll, the balance being silent witnesses to the changing condition of things in this city, and, perhaps, the greatest drawback to their aggressive and substantial work. Before leaving the colony, Mr. Cole had started churches in other places. The membership of the church had consisted of 249 persons, but owing to the formation of Baptist churches in the suburbs 150 were now left on the roll. The Bev. A. S. Wilson spoke with much feeling concerning the work which had been carried on. He expressed the hope that his work might be done as thoroughly and faithfully as was the work of the architect and contractors. He then spoke of the Bev., E. H Ellis, and extended to him a cordial welcome to Western Aus- tralia. He referred in appreciative terms to the good feeling shown by the South Australian Baptist people in sending over their esteemed president to conduct the opening services in connection with the Perth church, and this free of cost to the Baptist community of Perth. Addresses were also delivered by the Rev. D. Ross, M.A. (Presbyterian), Rev. G. E. Bowe (Wesleyan), Rev. W. T. Kench (Congregational), Mr. A. E. Illingworth (Church of Christ), and Major-Gover (Sal- vation Army), and on behalf of their respective denominations they extended a cordial welcome to Mr. Ellis, and congratu- lated the Baptish Church in Perth on the possession of so fine an edifice. The Rev. E. H. Ellis, in responding, said he brought them from the people of the Baptist communion in South Aus- tralia the warmest feeling of sympathy for the work they were endeavouring to do for Christ in this colony. Dividing his address into three parts, the rev. gentleman spoke on the past calls for adoration, the present calls for consecration, and future calls for expectation. He called upon those present to exert every faculty and power in God's - cause unreservedly. In conclusion, he ex- pressed the hope that the church would become a house of pasture, a house of bread, a house of heights, a house of Sion, a house of mercy, a house of rest, and a house of God. He asked the members to rally round their pastor and his wife, of whom he spoke in eulogistic language, and also to give every assistance to the dea- cons, deaconesses, choir, and other workers. The rev. gentleman's address was a very powerful and stirring one, and was listened to with the closest attention by his audi- ence. The meeting concluded with the Doxo- logy. The opening services were con- tinued on Sunday. The church was filled in the morning, when the Rev. E. H. Ellis, of Adelaide, delivered an im- pressive discourse. After the service the Rev. A. S. Wilson presided over a com- munion service. In the afternoon an evangelistic service was held in the Sunday school, and was addressed by the Bev. W. Kennedy, of Katanning, and the Super- intendent, Mr. G. H Cargeeg. At the evening service the church was crowded to overflowing. Mr. Ellis again preached in a forcible manner, especially to young people. On Monday night a special gathering of the church members and adherents was held in the assembly room of the church for a service, the subject being, "The Deepening of the Spiritual Life." Again Mr. Ellis was the speaker, delivering a stirring address on the words, " Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye be- lieved?" A lecture on "Great Preachers I have met and heard' was given in the church. 