*> Queen Marie Amelie of Portugal enjoye the distinction of being the first woman of Royal birth who has acquired the honour- able right to place the letters M.D. after her name. The tallest member of the English Bar is Mr Coward, whoso 'linked length' reaches a height of six feet six inohes. fie playfully speaks of himself as tho 'greatest Coward at che Bar.' One of the shortest barristers is Dr. Ball, who reaohes little higher than Mr Coward's watch ohain. Sir John Tonniel, who many years ago lost the eight of one of his eyes through his passion for fenoing, ia said to have borne thia terrible disaster not only with fortitude but with cheerfulness. In answer to the condolences of a friend the artist said, with an almost grim facetiousness, 1 At any rate, I shall be less conceited in future, beoause a lot of 'I' has been knooked out of axe.* Maarten Maar tens, the Du ton novelist, who is known among his own people as J. M W. Van do Foorten Schwartz, is a barrister by education and a landowner of large fortune, living ia the piotnreeqae Castle of Zuyleatein, between Utreoht and Arnheiml It is a oharacteriatio Datch castle, built many centuries ago, and has so many traditions of ghost that only a mau without imagination would feel at home iu it. The house is famous as one which Qaeen Mary's Prince of Orango frequently visited, and the King William rooms are the pride of the owner, and have boen fitted up with Nassau-Orango relics. Wherever Miss Rhodes travels throughout 'the Dark Continent,' she is the centre of tho moBt lavish hospitality, and many of the English visitors to Buluwayo during the festivities oonneoted with the opening of the railway still speak with the greatest enthusiasm of the manner in whioh she entertained, almost in the heart of Africa, suoh a large number of guests. Her brother's beautif al home, Groote Sohuur, a few miles f-om Cape Town, is one of the most hospitable houses in the world, and it is there that Mr Rhodos is always seen at his best. During his réception» he drops the role of politician and empire builder, and genially plays the part of the country gentle- man and the gonoroua host. i Some ourloun dotails are published regard I ing the meals of the German Emperor. j William II. is tho first King of Prussia who has ever visited his kitohon. At ordinary I timss the Imperial Family have three meals a day. The Emperor profors substantial dishes. For his breakfast he has coffee, tea, I eggs, beefsteaks, und veal or mutton outlets; [ for lunoh he has soup, différent kinds of meat, with vegetables, and roasts and sweets. ¡ Tue Emperor and Empress like to have guests utmost regularly to luuoh. Dinner takes plaoo ar. five or MX o'olook, or on specially formal oooaeiona at seven. This is the most luxurious and elaborate meal of the day, and ÍB sorved on gold and silver plate. Tho Emperor always ha« a plate of cold meat shortly before retiring to rest. Lord Wolseley is almost as devoted to the Í»en as to the sword, and if he had not been atod to bo a field-marshal he would beyond question have been a man oí letters. He I rises early in the morning to write, and his official duties only commence when a pile of MS. testifies to bis industry with the pen. For some time past he has employed a num her of cop j ie ts in making extracts for him in archives of Venice. Oronborg, with its magnificent views and exhilarating air, is the favourite home of tho Empresa Frederick of Gar¿uany. Here she can lead tho simple, unostentatious life which she loves best. Every Sunday Bhe may be aeon in her favourite yellow phaeton driving into Homburg, where ahe always attends service at tho English o li ur oh. She is much beloved in the district of Homburg as well for her unufrcuted amiability as for her large, if discriminating, oiiarity. The Marquess of Bate is possibly more than any British peer the architect of his own fortune, lt id estimated that his fortune, if converted into gold, woald represent a weight of at least eighty tons of bullion, and would require for its transport the utmost strength of fifty of his horses. His income may safely be estimated at £2,000 a day. Add to this sixteen titles, besides dignities in- numerable, and five lordly pleasure houses, and it will readily be acknowledged that the Marquess has reuson to think himself among the blessed of the earth. Cardiff has been to Lord Bute the source from whioh luoky millions have flowed. lt is interesting to note that no fewer than six of the Queen's children and grand - I children have chosen July as their wedding month. The ill-fated Princess Alice was married on tho 1st of the month ; Princess Christian on the 5th ; tho Dake of York on the 6th ; Princess Maud on the 22nd ; Prin- cess Beatrice on the 23rd; and Princess lionise, DaohesB of Fife, on tho 27 th. Maroh appears to rank next to July in royal favour, tor in this month the Prince of Wales, the Marchioness of Lorne and the Dake of Connaught be¿au their wedded lives. Six horses, straining every nerve and splendidly ridden by some of the 'oraok* jockeys of America, raced swiftly round a Nevada track some little timo ago aud came down the stretoh in magnificent style. Of the three leading horses the last was ridden by a woman, who, sitting astride her stood, plied her whip and spar in masterly style, and dearly outrodo her competitors. The woman was Mrs Bagwill, a native of Nevada, who in probably the only female jockey in the world. Her experience as a jockey has not been very extensive, but of the five raoes in which she has ridden, twioe has her horse oome in a winner, and never has she been outside a 4 place.' Mrs Bag will is twenty-four years of age and has been married for five years. To fall from an altitude of 10,000ft. and during the fall to write a note to the efïeot that he was ' dying contentedly, having reached his term,' is the unique experience of an Italian aeronaut. Tho Vienna cor- respondent of the 'Daily News' deaoribes the fall. Signor Merighi ascended in his balloon to the height mentioned, at Graz, in Styria. The balloon burst suddenly and fell. At a distanoe of about forty feet from the earth Signor Merighi threw himself out of the oar. He broke one leg, and was taken up unconscious, but living, and taken to a hospital. He states that at tho height of 3,500 metres the balloon suddenly swelled to en enormous size, and though he im- mediately opened the ventilator, it barst with a tremendous orash, und was rent open from top to bottom. It formed, however, a kind of dome, whioh served as a parachute, in the tremendous fall that followed. 