FICTION- THE GHOST OF GARLOON, BY MRS. ALLAN SUTTOR. Author of 44 A Bush Coquette," 44 Tho ' Trooper's Vigil," etc., etc. Tho reception rooms nt "Roscoc," tho commodious and delightfully situated, fur nished, residenco which Mr. and Mrs. Lorimcr, of 44 Garloon," had takcu with tho intention of spending six months in town, wcro fragrant with tho scoot of roses, musical with the voices of women, tho ripplo of thoir laughter, and tho deeper tones of men, as tho guests loitered in pleasant idleness over aamty afternoon tea; lur Mrs. Bonnier— wealthy, beautiful and talonted— had no lack of society friends, and sho and her big goou-nnturcd nusbana were a power in their little world. " It is simply abominable ! " exclaimed an olderly lady of Imposing aspect, in reply to somo remark addressed to her. " Auothor burglary I What can the police bo doing? Of course" (to the hoBtcss) you never have any trouble of tho kind on the station?" " Oh yes, indeed 1 " replied Mrs. Lorimor. " Last wintor wo had quite an alarming ex- pcrionco for some weeks; yet, after all, U was not exactly a burglar." " How was that ? " queried several voices. 44 It is rather a long story," said the hostess, smiling ; but acceding to their request, thus commenced : — "As somo of you aro awaro, 1 Garloou ' is miles away from anywhere. In tbo bush you know everybody In tho neighbourhood, and vou seldom think of suoh an individual as a burglar. Besides, In ordinary station home steads there is rarely anything lying about that would bo iikoly to tempt a thief, so it is frequently tho custom not oven to lock tho doors and windows nt night. Such was our ytay% and, foryoare after our roarrlngo, we did not have enough sensation in tho way of burglars to put on a threepenny bit. " But a ' change came o'er the spirit of our drcaim" Loaves of bread, cooked meats, jams, jcllios, cakes, butter, d-o., nil began to disappear in a most unaccountable manner from tho lardor at night-time. It puzzled mo why anyone should want to steal tho things, whon thcro was always enough and to Bpnro for household use, as woil as plonty of 4 tucker ' to bo had by any wayfarer for tho asking, 44 My cook at last gave warning. Sho said sho 4 wasn't gain' to ktop in no 'ousoas was 'auntcd by spumits.1 Distracted by this aw ful throat — for I expected a largo house party during race week— I endeavoured to point out to tho alarmed head of tho culinary depart ment tliitt Knirlts do not nnwl nunl, enhnlnnf lol fare. Yot, even as I remonstrated, a guilty remembrance arose In mo that I bad heard that right here in Brisbanoyou hnvo material ized spooks who do not disdain cakes and candies. 44 Cook was inexorable. The only conccs slon Leonid obtain was— that as a favour she would remain until after the races ; then sho declared, sho 4 would bo hoff, fust chance.' 41 But the ghost oqce raised at Garloon,' (hero seemed no possibility of laying It. Everyone about tho placo had some blood curdling tulo to tuio — of stealthy footstops heard in the hours of darkness ; o! ghostly visitants thnt vanished into nir when somo valiant masculine watcher tried to grasp them. The maid servants began to require the constant attendance of a male osoort after dark, and, notwithstanding that some nights we shut savage dogs up in the kitchen and store rooms, various articles of food and clothing continued to disappear. Qcoaslon nlly wo locked the doors ; raoro often wo for got to do so. 44 My husband, to my annoyance, always laughed wiien I told hiin of theso strange de predations, and avowed his belief that thecal nod taken the things. At last his overcoat, with on importont business -lottcr in ono of tho pockots, disappeared. When I ventured to suggest tiiat doubtless tho cat required an overcoat, Jack, most illogically grow quite wrathful and ultra-expressive in his remarks. But nothing camo of thom, And tho 4 Garloon ghost1 at irregular intervals, continued its nocturnal doprcdations. \- 44 Ono winter ovoning, about nino o'clock,' Jaok wus cosily chatting to a friend nt the fireside. They discussed land law, land tax, Income tnx, native dogs, sheep dips, rabbits, and tho comparative valuo of wire netting versus poison, until I felt myself commencing to yawn, whilst their eioqucuco Bliowcd no symptoms of abating. 44 1 wont outside to ascertain if tho garden gates wore shut, for sometimes tho cows or horses would get in, and make a raid upon my most treasured flowers. I took a lantern with me, as the night was dark,' and having fastened tho gates, -was roturning whon I no ticed that thodoorof the storeroom stood wide open,- I may mention that it opened inward, and could bo secured outside with a s'rang chain and staple. I stepped over the threshold and placed my hand upon tho chain, when I hoard a sort of groan. Instinctively I raised the lantern, and saw an apparition which turned my blood to icb. A tall, dark form towered monacingly above me ; With ft'ooun- tnnnnpn nf nimaltv tinllor. Inner mnttnd bnlf. wild eyes thai caught the gicura from the lan tern, and olaw-liko hands held nlott; For a few seconds so wo stood ; then, voiceless witli torror, I dropped tho light, rushed Into tho dining-room, and fainted. - 41 When I recovered consciousness, I found mysniron the sofa, Jack looking palo with alarm, and Mr. Anslcy liberally boKtowing the contents oj-tho water-jug on mo. I explained tho cause of my swoon. They went out and searched all about, without success. The dogs lay around as usual— quite undisturbed. 44 But I was not satisfied. When Juck and Mr. Anstoy wcro again seated nt tho fire, I wont to tho bock door of the hail, whonce a view of tbo storeroom could bo obtained. Hardly had I taken my stand, when a black shape crept along tho opposite wall, then ad- stood. I noiselossly drew back further Into tho shadow. My faintness was over, but nB tbo figuro stood, not two feet from mo, rest lessly turning its head from sido to sido, for a minute I feared that tho loud throbs of my heart must betray mo. Then my courngo re turned. I determined that if the form entered the hall I would slam tho door bohind it and call out to Jack. But swiftly as it bad conio, tho figuro glided nway again to tho storeroom, and I heard tbo faint olink of tho obaln as tho door oponcd. . _ "I told Jaok what I had seen. 4 Alright, little womnni' said he ; we'll catch the burglar this lime.' Then taking off their boots, he and Mr. Anstoy stole cautiously out. Unfortunately, just as tbey ncarcd the store, one of them blundered over somothing. In stantly tboro was a rush and a scramble. A dark figuro dashed out of tho doorway and fled, with Jack, Mr. Anstey, and tho dogs in full ehaso, amidst a wild chorus of shouting and barking. 44 In a few minutes tbo pursuors returned— unsuccessful, Jaok limping painfully, having hurt his too on a rock, and Mr. Anstey looking most unbecomingly gory, having run his no3e violently against a post, believing it was the burglar. 4 What stumps mc,' said Jaok, sav agely, as I sympathetically ushered them into the house and nltondcd to thoir injuries, is why the confounded dog wouldn't touch tho thing, whatever U was.' 44 That night whon we retired. Jack, as he nursed his wounded toe, assured mo with em phasis that ho could not put up with this sort of thing any longer. Ho had dcolded to put a stop to it, a resolution with which I most cor dially agreed. 44 Next day ho went Into town and Inter viewed tho police. It was arranged that on the following evening a trooper named Wes ton, who had tho reputation of being a daring- clovcr fellow, should ride out to 4 Garloon ' nt dusk, secrete himself at a plnoe' agreed upon, a short distnneo from tho homestead, ana there, for a time, await developments. A couple of the stockmen also rcceivod private orders from my husband to coma quietly to the house after nightfall and hold tpomsolves in readiness for any cmorgcncy. 44 The night camo— dark, cold, and stormy, Watchers woro oonccaled in VArious parts of the homestead, but nothing rewarded their vigil. 44 4 Oh, bother it all !4 said Jack at last, ns wo heard the rain beginning to patter down. 4 Weston will bo frozen. I'll gn and tell him to oomo in for somo supper nnd a warm.' " The immediate result of this determina tion reaehed mo by degrees, for Jack was very reticent about tho mutter. Howcvor, it ap pears that when ho had gone about thirty yards from the houso he descried a crouching figure, which was evidently endeavouring (o nvoid observation. Jaok sneaked warily towards the dark object, which also drew nenrer, though it had observed him. At last he was within a fow feet of it, and for an instant both romnincd motionless. Then Jack made a dash. Fiercely ho and his antagonist wrestled, each desper ately endeavouring to throw tbo other. Find ing that he could not easily gain the advan tage, and remembering that he was unarmed, Jack shouted to the trooper for assistance. To his astonishraost the burglar instantly re laxed bis grasp. 44 4 Good gosh I' panted a familiar voiee. 44 4 By orlckey, Weston, is thnt you ?' salI Jack. 41 Then they had to make the best of tbo situation, for the men from the house, at- traded by Jack's sbout, soon arrived on the sccno of tho combat. 44 Tho faot was— tho trooper, tired of being out in tho rain, 'had been cautiously making his way to the houso, whon he perceived Jack. Exulting in the opportunity thnt fato appeared to have thrown in his way, ho too endeavoured to capture the burglar. Hence the ludicrous mistake thoy mutually made. " It caused muoh merriment amongst the station folks, in which, just at first, tho chiof actors wcro not inclined to participate, for both wero. considerably battered .though now my husband enjoys the joke ns much as any- 14 The cause of all this troublo was caught a few nights afterwards in a most unsonsntional manner. Ono of tho stockmen, leaving the kitchen lato at night, in passing tbo store room, noticed the door ajar. Ho shut and fastened it; but lie beard sounds within ns of someone muttering. He called to his master. Providing themselves with n light thoy guard edly entered tho store, and, under tho counter, the long dreaded and mysterious thief was discovered, proving to bo a poor demented man who, in days gono by, before his afllic- tlon, had been an 'employee on 4 Garloon,' and, consequently, knew tho run of the house. 44 now bo had found his way back to tho station from goodness knows whero, and why ho hnd chosen suoh a cunning and stealthy mode of supplying himself with food, Are., at night— evidently Tying hidden In tho scrub all day, for no one had aorao across his camp— of course wo never knew. Wo bad him con veyed to an asylum, where -he is well cared for, and said to bo quito harmless. 44 You ask me why tho dogs would not hurt him? . Well that I cannot toll you. Maybo they knew he was bereft "f reason. Call it instinct, knowledge, what yn-i will, the fact remains the same. 44 1 asbure you it was a relief to got rid of our 4 ghost.' Cook reconsidered her intention of leaving. Sho is will) us still. 44 Two or three weddings bavo eventuated amongst our people on the station, which I consider directly traceable to the influence of the 4 ghost.' What do you think?" And Mrs. Lorimcr's dark eves amusedly sought tho feces of her guests, who one and all admitted that, especially in tho hush, n really capable, . cnergctio ghost or burglar might certainly bo looked upon as condueivo to matrimony. 