By H. CRAWFORD PHASER. iPublished by special arrangement with the . author.' All-rights rcserved.]: CHAPTER IIL—-(Continued). They 'had come out into the sunshine .... and had walked same' little way (before they reached a winding path which led, with many a. sharp turn, to the valley 01 the waterfalls.- That' 'beautiful piece'of scenery was not at all "'close by," as Orazio had declared to Bianca. - The .young lady was fedling a little nervous at having so entirely .'broken away from her sisterrs , duennaship, but took comfort in the face that two'of the party were English, people who took such matters very lightly of course, and that after all it was Olympia's fault for not. following her. A- little-gate . had to be unlocked before they could begin > the' descent,:'and'Honora thought that Prince Porsenna must'he a very > kind'man ■when she saw him talking graciously to the slow-eyed '.peasant > whom he had called ■to open it; Orazio asked the man about 'himself and his > children,' whether they had . the fever up there, -what sort of a "pad rone" he .worked for, and finally brought joy, and. surprise into his face 'by giving him a alyer piece for his pains. • "He was pleased," said Honora to Ora zio, as she passed through the gate. "How kindly you spoke to him!" And her sweet eyes flashed approval on him. . • . "Who would hot be kind to a poor half starved creature like that?" replied; .the Prince modestly. "Poveraccio! I was J. IXUUC UlWVduij • ^ w • sorry for him: He belongs to the Sinis calchis, and they never dp anything tor their people." ' ' , "Hp. you "look after your people much at Oil veto?" risked Honora. The great Porsenna estates were, well known, and she had heard of parties being made up to visit the place she mentioned.; Orazio, turned and looked at her grave ly for a moment before he spoke. . "I would like to take care of them," he said at last, "if anybody would show me how. " But what do I know? It takes a . woman's heart to understand tbe sick ,pePple, and the little children, and the poor old women." "But your mother?" ventured Honora, suddenly looking up at. him with kindling eyes; "how happy she must be to be'able to do-so much?" • There was a: ring of longing in her voice. Orazio saw; that he had accidentally struck a note by which the girl's character might be led and dominated. "There is room for more to be done .still." He spoke very gently and stoop ed, down to disentangle her. dress from a briar; when.he rose he let his wonder ful eyes rest for a moment full on- her face, and did not take them away till he saw the-color : begin to deepen under his ^Honora hurried on after that, and in a moment they had rejoined Gerald and. Bianca, who were waiting for them on a •little platform made by an overhanging . rock at the turn of the path. Gerald had no intention of .letting-Orazio walk all the way down with his cousin, although they ' . were reaching a point where the roar of the- current made talking an impossibility. Half a town lies buried under those aw ful rocks, and where the treacherous river hurled them on men and women and child ren in one shrieking mass, the air is al ways rent with screams and groans, such as no other torrent utters in all the world; and the guides who lead travellers down the ravine tell them that those are the cries of-the poor lost souls Who had no time to-pray.before ruin took.them. Xou may see them, poor ghosts, in the wild spray wreaths, turning and writhing ovei that dark abyss, where the river, having wrought its cruel will, plunges into the heart of the-earth and is lost, roaring m the darkness, to-emerge far below m the plain, a sunny stream watering tbe wheat and the vines, and singing a happy song on .its way; forgetting, the death- wails in the caverns of the hills. . ,, . The thunder of the water shook the ground under their feet, and. the gills cheeks blanched a. lit'tle as they came lower and nearer to the blind gulf where the black flood lost itself. At last they ' stood on a flat rock, drenched with spray, tod near the whirlpool for. perfect safety. Bianca was hanging back,- her hand on Gerald's arm, but Honora s northern blood ' began to dance at tbe fine bit of danger, and she -was leaning far over . tbe slight railing, which had been set more as a signal than a safeguard on the edge of the stone. It was but a crazy thing and gave .visibly, even undei the weight of the light young figure, as. Honora; with both arms.crossed on it, bent over and listened to the strange cries „ of the rushing water. Orazio was beside her standing upright, leaning his clasped . '"hands on his stick behind him. _ - Gerald marked the care-ess attitude, the apparent indifference with which-he let the girl place, herself in some peril, while his eves wandered over her hair, her neck, the pure round of her young cheek .A wave of beat swept over Gerald and be felt his "wrists tingle with a sudden fire of anger. He sliook i3ianca s nand oil liis ami and strode to Horiora's side. . "Come hack/ Honor," he said, almost . roughly, touching her arm. Then he turn ' ed to Porsenna. "What do you mean by 1 letting her lean over like ^that. he asked. "You know it's not safe." . • Y '' Honora straightened herself at his touch and laughingly shook .the rail .with both hands to show him how strong it was. 1 "See," slie. cried, in her girlish xreple, • "it is quite strong—ah!" ' •As she leaned backwards' the rotten ' thing snapped with a dull crack, and for one moment of nameless horror Honora felt her feet slipping towards the abyss. But her time had not come yet, and even ns -the shattered bits of railing whirled round on the seething water before, being swept away, into the darkness, Geralds arm was round her, and Gerald had drawn '.her back to safety. His face was set and white, and he was keeping back a flood of words which would have burst forth mow that' she was on her feet beside him, fpale too, but more at what she saw in bis 'eves,than.at.the death she bad missed. * "My Honor, my Honor!"—liis lips were forming the words dumbly. She read and . understood, though no sound escaped. Orazio hardly moved. He had suddenly become aware, not for the first time in liis life, of a second personality within him— a, creature which in a moment grew and swelled arid filled the human husk called \ Orazio Porsenna to the very edge and brim of being. This' creature leapt into hungry life,"aiid allatoncecriedoutwitlijoy at tne imagined sight of two human beings, .aj man and a maid, young and warm and full of life, whirling down to death in. the black gulf like those broken sticks. . , At Gerald's angry words these Eeronic fancies passed away, and Orazio realised • .that, he must quickly set to work to make •'.his peace with Honora. He thought she : would be sure to resent- his apathy in .not catching -hold of her frock and gene rally pulling her to pieces for her own good, as "that beast of an Englishman" (had done. : . Orazio was so far from Honora's mind just then that she had ceased to be con scious of his existence. In one breathless, supreme moment love had called her "and she 'had answered. She knew the crowning grace had come and her transfigured soul hung sflent and ecstatic on its radiance. She and Gerald walked on for a few paces, dumb and dazzled—but holding each other's hands like two children. It may be long before they have another happy hour •together, so we will not follow too closely. Orazio was understood to-explain to his friends, through the sympathising Bianca, that iMiss Dering inspired him with sucli profound reverence that he felt it impoa aible to lay 'hands upon her,, even to save .her, life,' Her guardian angel was the only •person Who was fit to touch her. 