SOUTH SEA ISLANDS CESSATION. A PI' A LLING EXPERIENCES. The steamer Archer, trading under the, aus pices of the Pacific Islands Company, return ed to Sydney on Friday after an extended cruise among tlir South Sea Islands. Besides the Gilbert,"Ellicc, and Marshall groups, slie visited New Britain, New Ireland and nume rous scattered islands to the east of New Ire land. She brings sensational news from the Marshall Inlands. The captain reports til sir p. tidal wave had swept over several of the islands, causing a„ considerable amount of damage. The tidal wave was also felt at the Gilbert and Ellice groups, New Ireland and Feed Island. At Nukufatau the tidal wave was very destructive, and at Feed Island it devastated the native settlements. AYhilo tho Archer was at Jaluit, in the Marshall Islands, a German trading schooner came in to port from the Carolines, and reported that the tidal wave, had extended there, causing, great loss of life. Captain Ilitcliiield, of the German, scliouer, informed Captain Henry, of the Archer, that one of tho Caroline group had been entirely swept away by the. wave, and that several hundred lives must have been lost. Captain Hitchfield was in the vicinity at tho time, and succeeded in rescuing some of the natives. Tho same wave reached as far a& New Ireland, but did not do much dainage_ there. ■ Several massacres v.ore reported in the Bis-! marck Archipelago. At New Ireland a trader named Peterson informed Captaiu Henry that he had sent two of his boats down tho coast in February last to trade. They lird' reached the trading grounds and the boats were anchored for the night. Whilst the crews" were asleep, the natives put oft' from the shore' in war canoes, captured the boats and their, freight and massacred all 0:1 board. The. tv.-o; boats were manned by 11 natives, whose, bodies were taken ashore and eaten. The busts were subsequently destroyed. At New Britain some months ago a little trading ketch called the Sea Ghost started out for the neighboring islands on a trading trip. Arriving at Nusa, she was captured by the natives, and the whole of the crew were massacred. One. of the murderers was re cently captured at New Britain, having joined one of the trading vessels. He was duly sen tenced to death, and was shot a few days be fore the Archer started for Sydney. The Ger man war ship Moowc had started out from New Britain for Nusa on a punitive expedi tion in connection with the same massacre. ? 