Rem The Ways of Many Waters ; verses by E. J. Brady. Bulletin Publishing Co. ; price, 5s., post free. - The Worker is surfeited with the fulsome adulation bestowed by so-called reviewers upon every Australian publica tion that sees the light. That sort oi thing will never develop an Australian literature worthy the name, and so when Brady's ' Tales of Many Waters ' came to hand, it was handed to a competent man with instructions to write exactly what he thought of it. Here is the result: — Mr. Brady is to be congatulated on having, in his ' Ways of Many Waters,' stepped out of the path worn almost bare by the feet of preceding Australian verse writers. But, if his material be not worn threadbare, his patterns are not cor respondingly original. For he- has bor rowed so much of the methods and style of a writer who now looms very largely in the literary eye that this volume of ballads of the briny, might not inaptly be described as 'Kipling and Tar- water.' To deal specifically with the verses — the writer likes best the dedication ' To The British Sailor- Man,' and the piece after following, which gives the book its name. The latter is disfigured, however, by several lines which won't scan. Take, for instance, this stanza : — They glide, with a chant of lovers, Into the sleeping lagune — The sails of the great Doge, gleaming Silver and silk in the moon. Mr. Brady has surely heard of the Victorian legislator who caused some confreres to inquire what trick the Venetians had lately been up to by an allusion to the 'Dodge of Venice.' If he is not married to the Victorian method of pronunciation, he might with advantage reconstruct the line. ' The Sturdy John Cabot,' on the same page, despite his vigor, limps badly. Indeed, the whole volume needs rigorous editing — here and there, because it is gratuitously coarse ; in other places, . because the sense is obscure and the words ill-chosen. Take the following lines from 'Hides and Tallow,' for instance : — By G-od ! If I'm tempted to leave 'er, To get one more sniff of the sea, My bloomin' ' ole Dutch ' were a griever— It's longshore an' cuss it for me. Did any sensible human being in real life, on or off the wharves, ever use such an incomprehensible and unmusical argot ? It is too evidently not an exuda tion of either a hide bale or a tallow cask ; it is mere oil-sweat from the lamp. So far as we are aware, no Australian verse writer, since Bret Harte furnished the model, has failed to conclude a poem of fatal accident without reference to what ' Peter at the Gate ' will do when the ghost of the metrically-slaughtered victim comes along. Farrell, Lawson, Paterson, Daley, Dyson — they ve all dragged in this creaky, rusty, worn-out machine effect as a convincing ending to an otherwise not too forceful narrative. And, not to be singular, Mr. Brady hoists up Peter and all the supernatural para phernal out of ' The For'ardHold.' ' McFee of Aberdeen ' contains many good lines, but is too evidently suggested by ' McAndrew's Hymn.' It would be vastly improved by cutting and polishing. ' A Viking Foray' is of good workman ship, but it has no conclusion and who shall say with what object it was written ? And ' The People of the Gates' is just third-rate Kiplingese. These opinions are expressed from no desire to hurt, but chiefly because they ought to be said, and because also it is time some one in New South Wales wrote something concerning local verse publications which was not mere slobber. Having said so much, let it be remarked that, after the two pieces just mentioned, the verses most commendable in Mr. Brady's volume are the shorter ones and those wherein he deals with the pathetic side of the sailor's and waterside worker's life. Had a third of his volume been omitted and the bulk of the verses re maining then cut down by one-half, ' The Ways of Many Waters ' would have been a very creditable production. ' * * As a counter-blast, we print the opinion of a well-known Queensland critic, pub lished in the Peoples Newspaper. : — ' Brady is the poet of the men who ' go down to the sea in ships.' He is the interpreter of the sailor-man — not an ideal, impossible sailor-man, not that atrocity known as ' the jolly tar,' but the sailor-man as he actually lives, and drinks, and swears, and carries on gener ally — that rare compound of good and evil, of virtue and vice. ' Is Brady a poet ? Well, that is very hard to say. But this may be said : that he comes so near to being a poet that one can hardly tell the difference. ' From the merest doggerel to the highest poetry there are infinite grada tions. And it is sometimes exceedingly hard to draw the line, and ifco say : ' Here verse ends and poetry begins.' There is for instance, a very clear difference be tween youth and age. Yet who can say at what precise moment we cease to be young, or at what particular second we become old ? Similarly, while there is a profound difference between verse and poetry, it is none the less true that, so far as the higher kind of verse is con cerned, it is frequently impossible to say dogmatically whether it is poetry or not. And it is really very, high praise to say of Brady that one hardly knows whether to rank him among men or among the gods.' , ' What would Jesus do in the centre of a civilization that hurries so fast after money that the very girls employed in great business houses are not paid enough to keep body and soul together without fearful temptations, so great that scores of them fall, and are swept over the great boiling abyss ?' — In Sis Steps. 