SCOUNDRELS AND CO. BY COULSON KERNAHAN. CHAPTER XXI. It was the night of tho Iahuaael Club dinner to tho Prince of Wales, and though the rule by which members are permitted to introduce guests had ou this occasion bccu suspended, tho At. aP 1 eh m rl /ll 1 1 AG 111 1) A 1 T- ilflTl (IfiOlllfi tlODll i " hung diningroom was so groat that even a director of tne London, Chatham, and Dover Rail way Company would have acknowledged that for once in his life ho had mot with a genuine case of overcrowding. So democratic a gathering — notwithstanding iho fact that the future iCing of England aud Emperor of India sat in the midst—is not often to bo seen. At the Ishmaol, brains and "good fellowship" arc counted greater righteousness than "coin" or a coronet. Within its walls all men arc equal. To a good fellow, the right hand of fellowship is readily extended. The' "stick" will find himself as readily cold- shouldered, and the assumcr of "side" may think himself lucky if he be allowed to depart uubaited To see tho Ishmaelites "trail" a sufferer from "swelled head" is to undergo inoculation against that fell malady. The author who has suddeuly found a public and as suddenly lost himself, or tho Monled Nobody, who has made a successful bid for baronetage by placing his thousands at the disposal of his political party, would do well to air his new honors elsewhere than at tho Ishmacl. When such a man Is known to be In the house, the word goes round, and to him these 'trusting children of nature como to be instructed in the secret of his greatness. They bit at his feet and drink in his words of wisdom as if hoping thereby one day to follow — be it ever so humbly— in his footsteps. They ask him artless questions about himself, and when ho condescends to gratify their very natural desire to be informed upon so interesting a subject, they toll each other audibly what a great man he is, or sit listening with unconcealed wonder and admiration in their eyes. They beg to bo allowed to present to him this or that friend or member who will esteem it a privllogo to know so distinguished a person, and when their victim is most swollen— like a human wind-bag — with gratified vanity and a sense of his own importance they unostentatiously produce the necessary pin, and what is left of him when they havo done with him is scarcely worth the troublo of sweeping up, not to say of in terment. , , With tho Ishmaelites the Heir Apparent always been a prime favorite. "Whatever their faults may be, they are at least not flunkeys, and his popularity with them is in no sense attributable to his exalted position, hut to their regard for him ns a man If there is one man in all England who may be pardoned for allowing a flatterer to get the blind side of him, it is surely ho whoso every wish or whim it is the business of those about him to humor. Yet if there is one man in England who is absolutely Inaccessible 1\. XI- 1.1. !«. to (lin ironlnt irotlPrnilfi. hilt kCCU- lo iiuitviy, iv « ' ; ,, eyed Prince. This the Ishmaelites knew well, and they loved him for It, Just as tlioy liallcd him Princo of Good Fellows, and tho best and most honest hater of shams and humbug In tho couu- try Honce the dinner which was being given in liis honor was the most brilliant and at the seine time the heartiest function that the Club House has ever witnessed. Bra4ns, pluck, and good- fellowship— these are what the Ishmaelites most delight to honor; but being a British club, they put bravery before even brains, and at the high tablo that night sat wearers of the Victoria Cross leaders of forlorn hopes, admirals who had saved life as well as fought tho enemy at sea, explorers, travellers, and soldiers who with a handful of men had held an impossible position or not hesi tated to face a thrice outnumbering foe. Everything had gone without a hitch, and there was no denying that the function was a magnifi cent success. The Prince; still pale from his recent illness was, it was easy to see,' both touched and cratlfied by tho genuinely enthusias tic and affectionate greeting which had been ac corded to him; and never had he looked more thoroughly at home than when hobnobbing with the Ishmaelites. Dinner being finished, and the permission, "Brother Ishmaelites, you may smoke!" having gone forth and been received with the customary yell, tho chairman rose in his place to make tho Bpeech of the evening, by proposing the Prince's health. Another yell greeted the placing of the ten-mlnuto bell before him, and yet another the Betting of the machinery in motion. Thou he began his speech. Nothing of the sort could have been happier, for there was not a false note throughout. Ho claimed for the Prince nothing more than that Illustrious personage's due; and yet ho referred so sympathetically to his Illness, and paid so graceful a tribute to his qualities as ' a man, a sportsman, and a good fellow, that tile Ishmaelites interrupted him again aud again witu ringing cheers. The announcement— the unexpected announce ment—that the Prince had that evening expressed , his wish to become a member or the club and a Brother Ishnmelitc, brought the enthusiasm to the pitch of frenzy. At this moment the first stroke of the ten- minute gong was heard, and at the second 'lio chairman hold up tho customary silencing hand and dropped back into his chair. 1 Tho rulo of tho club is that when tho gong strikes, the speaker, whoever he may be, at once resumes his seat, and every one sits in silence until the ten strokes havo sounded when members are at liberty to give expression to their feeling, a prlvilego of which they avail themselves by yelling, howling, and hurling desirivo epithets, and even match-boxes, elgar-ends, or anything elso which may be handy, at the offender who has transgressed tho time-honored ton-minuto rulo of the club. Hence when Lord Crantliorpe dropped into his seat there was a sudden hush while the members waited dutifully for tho ten strokes to sound. Half a dozen seconds had not throbbed away before the Ishmaelites became awaro that some thing out of the ordinary — but what they did not know — was happening. There was a flutter of repressed excitement. Then some ono called out "Hush!" and tho silence became electric. What was that sprinkling of bird- song music that per colated the smoke-hung atmosphere as if fairy hands were flinging the largess of tiny wafer-like silver coins for all to gather. "Hush!" some one said Impatiently again. Expectation stood on tiptoe, as every ear was strained and every face bccumo alert and expectant. Note by note the thin thread of music rippled out. It was recognised, and a tremendous cheer sot rattling the trophies on the wall as the chair man sprang up and with a wave of his hand above Ills head took up tho strain. In'nnother second every man was on his feet, and "God bless tho Princo of Wales" was being sung as it had never been sung before. "With heart, and voice awaken Those minstrel strains of yore, 'fill Britain's name and glory Resound from shore to shore. > From all our ancient mountains, And from our lovely vales, Oh, let the prayer re-echo — God bless the Prince of Wales!" Tho secretary's little unrehearsed effect was a huge success. Perhaps the Prince's illness had left him still somewhat weak and shalcy, for as tho hymn concluded with tbo most deafening "Three times three," and yet agalu "Threo times three," that ever left humun ears buzzing and human hearts thumping, tho kindly eyes of that right royal Princo of Good Fellows were sas- piclously bright, nnd when in a four manly words ho thanked his "Brother Ishmaelites" for tho greeting that had been accorded to him, there was just tho ghost of a tremble In tho voice that is generally so llrm and strong. CHAPTER XXII, Need I say that It was I who wsb answerable for the falluro of Mr. Ilubbock's little schemo? J havo boon a member of tho Ishmaol Club for | ten years, and havo twice served upon tho com mittee. When Number Two Informed us that ho was Mrfl Rolandson Hall, I knew at once that I had beard the name before, and bad on ono occasion confounded it with Roland Hall. What that occasion was, however, I could not recall until Number Two's sneering allusion to the Ishmalltes gave me the cue. Then I recollected that when I was on the committee of the club a Mr. Rolandson Hall had twico contrived to get himself pro posed us a member. Tho first time lie was sum marily rejected on the "qualification rule," and so did not even face the preliminary stage of being "up" for election. Twelve months after he became a candidate for the second time, and on this occasion lie was apparently determined to succeed, for lie made the support of every mem ber with whom he was on speaking terms a per sonal favor, and indeed left no stone unturned to attain his end, and so managed to sqeezo througli tho preliminary qualification scrutiny. When, however, the committee met for tho final con sideration of candidates, Mr. Rolandson Hall was for some no doubt good reason promptly, blackballed. This fact, while It accounted for tho sneers with which Hall hud alluded to the club, made mo all tho more resolved to checkmate Mr. Hub- bock's llttlo demonstratlou. Rather than that the guest of the club or which I am a member should come to harm under Us roof, I decided— should every other means fail- to make known to the police tbo whole story of my connection with the syndicate. But I was reluctant to resort to so extreme a measure unless compelled, and as I thought I saw my way to a simpler solution of tho difilculty, I went to work nccoJtdlngly. To find the Instrument-maker at Geneva to whcin the ten-minute gong had been entrusted, In order that a musical-box might bo placed inside, was easy enough. It was easy, enough, too— thanks to the thousand pounds which: I bad recently pocketed— to persuade tho man to supply mo with a duplicate gong. Tho duplicate was to resemble tbo original in every way, and, like tho original, It was to contain a mnslcal-box that when wound up would at the expiration of ten minutes play "God Bless the Prince of Walosl" What was not so easy was the substitution of my musical-box for the Infernal machine with, wlhch Hubbock bad promised to replace tho which Hubbock had promised to replace tho chango until immediately beforo the dinner I knew, so that 1 had practically only a few minutes in which to accomplish my task. Whllo the rest of the members wero in tho reception-chamber awaiting the arrival of tho Prince, I made my way to the diningroom, with the gong which I had procured in Geneva under my cloak, and under pretence of looking whero my seat was placed, began to examine tho tablos. But as the waiters were coming and going tho whole time, no opportunity offered for making tho exchange, finding which, I determined to take the. bull by the horns; so boldly walking to tho head of the table, I lifted tho gong, and began turning it round and round, as if curious to learn the mechanism. No one but the waiters being in tlio room, and tliey, I suppose, hesitating to bo rebuked for insolence by Interfering with a mem ber,' 1 strolled— the gong still in my hand— to wards tho window, as if to avail myself of the light. Then, turning my back for a moment, I contrived to effect the exchange; and placing tho musical-box on tho-table, I left the room with Hubbock's infernal machine under my cloak, and having taken it to a place of safety, returned in time to be preseiit at the dinner. I was present also next morning at the meet ing, whoa Hubbock had hoped to reeelvo the con gratulations of his fellow-conspirators. Why tho expected explosion had not taken place is no mys tery to tho reader; hut Hubbock's mystification and mortification wero equally great. To havo to. report utter, If unaccountable, failure was humiliating enough; but the smiling Incre dulity with which Number Two refused to accept any other explanation than that Hubbock had become flurried, and in lifs baste bad placed tbo wrong1 machine on the table, added immeasurably to that worthy's wrath. Grinning with impotent rage and irritation, he again and again declared that the failure was due to no mistake of his. Ho might as well have talked to a brick wall. "My goou HUDOOCK, Illy c.\cuu«--ui, AiWL/a/wvrv, Is quite unnecessary for you to excite yourself about the matter," said Number Two, smiling imperturbably. "Any of us might have done as you did. Outwardly, the two machines—the musical-box and the bomb — wero exactly alike, and as the waiters wero no doubt inconveniently near at the time, It was quite easy to make tlio mistake. The muddle Is unfortunate, very un fortunate, but nevr ynatural, and wo all admit you did your best." , "X toll you I didn't muddle tho thing," roared tho unhappy Hubbock. with tears of vexation in Ills eyes. "I had marked the two gongs, so that I should know which was which, and I tell you I put the Internal machine upon the table "Stop a moment," interposed the man with tho Ingrowing nail. "It is easy enough for Mr. Hub- hock to prove himself right if he is right. A\beu ho changed the gongs, he kept ono of them. Where is It? There were only two gongs, and if the one our friend here put on the tabTc was an. infernal machine, the other one plays ' God Bless the Prince of Wales" Let us have a look at the thiug, and Mr. Hubbock can prove that he s right, straight off." "Yes," said Hubbock, almost crying now; but that's Just what I eau't prove. After I had made the exchnnge, and as soon as the dinner was far enough advanced for me to slip away unnoticed, I left the club— I needn't say that I didn't want to wait for the explosion I cleared out and took the o titer gong— the musical box— with me. 1 meant to have kept it as a memento; but when I thought what a hullalmllo there'd bo after tho explosion, and the death of the Prince and that everyone wbo was known to bave been in tho place would come under suspicion, I thought 1 d better not run the risk of having the thing found on me, so I went along the Thames Embankment, and dropped it gently over into tho water. So I can't prove that I'm right. All the same, I U swear that the gong I set upon the table was an infernal machine, though I cau't get Mr. Hall to believe me." "My good and estimable Hubbock, smiled Number Two, "I've never known you to make a mistake before. But yon have mndo one now, and you'd bolter recognise the fact, and not dis tress yourself unnecessarily The gong you put upon tho table, not only didn't go off. hut It actually played "God Bless tho Prince of Wales. Tho papers are full of it this morning, though tho wholo business of a twopenny-halfpenny musical box seems a tin-pot thing to me for tint club and tile papers to gush about. But your gong didn't have a musical-box insido it as well us a bomb, so. as I say. you must havo put the wrong one on tho table." "No, I'll bo damned If I did," vociferated tho angry Hubbock, positively dancing round tho room in his exasperation "In that case you did do it, for you'll certainly he damned," laughed Number Two. "You make yourself easy on that score my friend. And I don't think it will be altogether on account of 1 musical-box." (To bo continued.) 