AMUSEMENTS, ? ? ♦ ' ? » CREMORNE THEATRE. The Cremorne Theatre was crowded to the doors on Saturday evening, when Messrs, Jones and Lawrence's company presented an attractive programme, which ''contained some capital items. It is seldom that a first part finalo rouses an audience to enthusiasm, but the 'Corbett-Fitzsimmons' mock fight, in which the participants were Mr, Denis Carney and Mr. Fi-nuik York, brought the house down, and the curtain had to bo raised on the performers. Mr. Frank York made a big1 hit in his songs, both in the first and Kecond por tions of the programme, and he suc ceeded in getting the gallery to join in the choruses of popular airs. Metiers. Denis Carney, Bob Bell, and Joe Cowan contributed successfully to the comic element, Mr. Bell's interjections in the first part causing considerable amuse ment. Miss Ada Baker revived 'The Merman's Cave,' from the opera, 'Paul Jones.' Sho rendered the com? with excellent expression, and secured a splendid encore. Mr. C. R. Jones, who is increasing in public favor, gang 'Ono Heart Divine' with artistic feeling, cud was enthuHiastieally recalled, Tho Williams quartette naii'j,1 and danced gracefully, and performed clever cycling tricks. Their most successful song was 'Never Been There Before.' Tho Lingards' song and dance ''Dark Brown Lou,' in the first part, was a pretty per formance. After the interval the duct tists appeared in a scene from 'In Town,' Miss Marie executing1 a graceful fan dance,, and Miss Edio imperKonating the call lioy, a part: which fit;; her like a glove, Both performers were, heart ily applauded for their efforts. Mr. Charles Moody sang 'The Suburbs,' and 'Tho Engine-Driver's Story' to the satisfaction of the audience, 'and Mr. James Watts and Miss Dora Taylor re peated their 'Romeo and Juliet Up to Date' 'turn.' The uerioa, MUs \ iolet Leroy and Miss Annetta Bodin, both received encores for their respective Kongo, and the entertainment concluded with the farce 'The Ghost in the Pawn shop, ' 