IN FULL CRY. By-BICKAUD MARSH, '■ Author of "l'he Beetle—A Mystery," "The Crime and the Criminal," "The Datchet Diamonds," "Mrs. Musgraveand Her Husband," "The Woman iwith. One Hand," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with th» author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXHL—(Continued)* It was plain, that the decision with which he spoke, blended, as it chanced to be, with something which was, at the same time, both humorous and tender, impressed the girt even against iier wul. -a. chord seemed to be touched which had hitherto remained quiescent in her bosom. She exclaimed, with apparent sudden im pulse— ■'I will go and fetch a letter which I have to give you from my mother." Before he could reply she had vanished into the adjoining room. Her words, wholly unforeseen and to him mysterious, had thrilled him.- He sat, in a state of suspensive doubt, expectant of he knew not what. Even yet he had not been able to shake himself wholly free of the feeling that he had returned, at least in part, to the days of long ago; that he had taken up, as it were, a thread which had long been dropped, and in so doing had been restored to the presence of his old love in a new form. The incident had, for him, almost a flavor of the supernatural. He had lived so long with and for a ghost that now it almost seemed as if, all at once, the ghost had been clothed with flesh and filled with the breath of life. He found it impossible to sbaKe inmseii Eree of a preposterous half-suspicion that this girl was the girl whom he had loved —the very one—wi'th whom time and cir cumstance had played some trick for the delusion of his senses. So that when she spoke -of giving him a letter from her mother, as if she were -close at hand to write at, it seemed to be the one touch which was needed to complete-the confu sion of his brain. Presently the girl returned, bearing an envelope in her hand. She spoke with a catching in her breath, as if in a tremor of' excitement; as she spoke, in spite of the agitation of his mind, he was constrained to perceive, as in a sort of mist, how pretty she looked and how like her who was gone. "They found this after—mother—went. When I grew up they gave it me. I've kept it ever since. It's for you." She delivered to him the envelope; he accepted it with shaking hand. He held i'fc, for a moment, silently, a haze seeming to gather before his eyes. When he could, he looked at it. It was yellow with age. On it was something written; the ink had grown dim. The writing itself was of that careful yet uncertain sort which betokens the unpractised scribe. "Let the child have'this to give to Blaisa Polhurston when she.sees him, as she will some day." That was what was written on the en velope. As he read he held his breath. Then he opened the envelope and took out what was -within. On a sheet of com mon paper, written with a bad pen and worse ink, -there was this letter:— "Dear Blaise— "You've been very good to me, though I've been very bad : to you. I've always loved you best, though I've been so wick ed. But I couldn't help it, he made me. I believe your mother set him on. But I know that's no excuse, so I'm going to make an end.- I know you'll forgive me for having been so wicked, because I know you would forgive me anything. So I want you to help the child, if ever she needs help—which she's sure to, because he'll do nothing, nor rive a pennyworth, more than he is forced. I.want you to do it, dear Blaise, for my sake, although' she's his. I wish she was yours, then I shouldn't be doing this, because sj-ou Kno-ws I love you best, and always have. So I am, dear Blaise, in spite of all, "Your loving,. "Helen." That was the letter, a poor screed, alter . writing which it appeared that the -woman, straightway went and drowned herself. So that it seemed to bfrrin more than a merely figurative sffibST a voice from, the other side. This man, -with his'; queer, composite nature, had made of the; woman an idol, for whose sake he had e&teemed; the world well lost. He read the letter through, hearing in it -her voice speaking to -him, seeing in i'fc (her very soul, the ^very neart of her. After that one reading the mere ' words were indelibly printed on his brain, to keep always in plain sight; and, with them, the message it conveyed of love, weakness, trust; that combination 01 (lis 'hor Txrhfif. sonant qualities wutuu. jj«.u she was. So 'that, for-the present, -the one reading was -enough. He gave the letter 'teethe girl. "There," he said, "is my authority to help you." He laid his head on the hare boards of I the deal table, encircling it with his arms, so as to conceal his face. He was still, | while the girl, standing , at his side, in her turn read her mother's letter, with, on her | pretty countenance, wonderment writ I large. 