The Century Fund as a Spiritual Power. By the Rev. B. Danks. The Century Fund as a spiritual power. This is our text. A power it will be, and the Church will do well to ponder its spiritual potentialities. If we were asked to forecast the measure of its strength, the answer is ready, brief, and complete. As a spiritual power the effort will be just what the Church chooses to make it. If it is true that God, the source of all power in heaven and in earth, is willing and waiting to bless his people, then hindering and cramping conditions can only dwell in ourselves. If it is true that God's store of divine unction is limitless, and therefore more than equal to all human capacity to experi ence, then this, combined with His willingness to bestow, puts it beyond all question that the spiritual power of this movement may and probably will tally with the measure of our own urgency of spiritual desire in connection with it. The world's ideal motive power is that which possesses the capacity of expansion. It ia not a mere explosion by which rocks are rent and destruction wrought, but a steady working pressure, entering the cylinder, then following the piston the whole length of its stroke, and when that is accomplished, still having an escape force sufficient to create a furnace- heating blast, so that by the very process of complete ex haustion it fans the fire which produces a power even greater than its own. Now the ' stroke ' of this effort has a length of two years. What is wanted, therefore, is that its motive power shall be one which, having entered the life of the Church, is capable of sustaining, by constant pressure, the effort for the great purposes of the Fund, and when that sustaining power shall have accom plished its immediate purpose there shall still remain with us that which may maintain at white heat the love of good works so that our people may not grow weary in the progress of well doing. The Church of the Living God knows of only one motive power equal to this stupendous task, a power that 'fainteth not, neither is weary — the power of the Holy Ghost. True to her natural instincts in God, the Methodist Church in the enactment of her highest court has recognised this by providing, in Clause 10 of the Con ference resolutions on this matter, ' That the Fund be initiated by special sermons to be preached throughout the colony, and by special prayer in every circuit.' We would therefore urge upon our people that the time thus set apart for special prayer may not be spent mostly in asking that 50,000 guineas may be raised, but in humbling our selves before God ; seeking the pardon of our sins, asking for, and by the exercise of faith receiving, the gift of the Holy Spirit, and then endued with power over self, selfishness and sin, we shall burst asunder the bands which tie the old man down to earth and rise into that glorious altitude of Christian experience where Christ be comes in every circumstance of life the First and the Last, the All and in all. In such a case the spiritual power of the Fund can be measured only by the power of the spiritual forces at God's command. But if we enter upon this effort, bound by the narrow limits of mere human organisation, however per fect we may make it, we shall obtain only mechanical results which are exactly equivalent to the mechanical powers employed, which can be both weighed and calculated to an ounce. O 1 for the presence of the Holy One of Israel in thiB work, then the spiritual power of it shall be — God ! A great help to this much-desired consummation will doubtless be the prayerful study of the objects of the Fund. These might well form the out line of the special sermons to be preached at the initiation of the effort. Men whose hearts are deeply interested will, in this special issue of the Metho dist, set before our people, not so much the claims as the work of each branch of church enterprise to be benefited by the money raised. As we glance at them we see that they represent the whole of the plant and all the agencies at present being used by us in the name of God for the destruction of evil and the enthronement of King Jesus. Our trust debts, the awful weight of which makes the chariot of the King to drive heavily. The Centenary Hall, which makes for righteousness in the heart of our great city life, and whose fruit is found in all parts of the earth where ships drop anchor, Methodist Colleges which give a decided religious trend to the education of our young men and women. The Home Missionary Society with its noble relationship to the spiritual needs of neglected regions in our own bright New South Wales. Finally, to com plete the picture in accordance with the mind of the Master, and in the spirit of our great Founder, who said, ' The world is my parish,' we- have the Foreign Missions, which bring light and gladness to the lands that lie — Beneath the overspreading shades of death. Let us not raise this 50,000 guineas . merely that these institutions may be free from debt, though that is exceedingly desirable, but that they may be strong and free to do God's work in the souls of men. The rising sun seen from an imperfect standpoint is to us but an imperfect rising, ? and there js disap pointment in it. But witnessed from a perfect standpoint, how beautiful? It becomes a joyful memory for ever. Let the Church view these objects from the standpoint of only £. s. d., and the whole horizon of the effort may be measured by a span, while the dull grey of a clouded mind will only issue in mould and rust. Let her look at them as representing God, home, humanity, then holy enthusiasm will glow within us. We shall ungrudgingly strew the royal way of God with the tokens of our affection, while to the music of our glad hosannas we shall Bring forth love's royal diadem, And crown Him Lord of all. * * * * . Begun, continued, and ended in this spirit, who but God shall know the spiritual power of this Fund ? 