The Doctor's Step-daughters. : [COPTBIOHT.J By C. Stafford. Chapter I. — Love's Complications. tt BsassajHEN', my dear Tina, all i] g Lave to say is this : under the j g circumstances, it is time you H provided for yourself, and if . you will not do so by marry ing old Clinton, you must find some other 'way of getting a home of .your own.' ' 'A tome? I hare a home!' : ' Indeed ! Where ? ' j Herbertina West's grey eyes opened wide with ihe question. WasA'er -step- father gone mad ? ' Why, here in my mother's hotise,' she said. ? Dr. Morris was a small man with a fresh colour, -thick, rather curling brown hair, dapper professional air, and slow, distinct wayof speaking. Tina was a tall girl, so' that her'. eyes and those of ? her stepfather as he came forward, stooping slightly with his pince-jue* dangling from his rather' knuckly little fcarw^ were oh a level, and bad she an gered his gaze, she might have seen in it a twinkle of fun somewhat contra dicting the -words he let fall one by one with the 'choppy' distinctness (as one of his five step-daughters termed it) Decnliar to him. ' A house cannot belong to' one who no longer exists,' went on ihe doctor. *' Practically, this house never did belong to your , mother, nor to me, for the matter of that, till seven years after her death. When she and I married, I un derstood it belonged to her; but in j reality, the house, the house furniture — j even the good-will of your father's prac- ; ticc — were mortgaged to such an extent, that it took me till long after your poor mother's death to free the place from debt. Tour father had managed to ; bring matters into this deliglitful'im broglio before he married your mother ; and the ' ? only real possessions your mother -ever had in this house were her two htisbands and her five girls.' j The laugh in the doctor's eyes came a j little move to the surface as he went on : | *' She bequeathed her five girls to me, j her second husband. A bequest surely : means possession, and possession means — well, at; least, the power to advise.' Tina's face was crimson. Her long, i dark iaslies which, in company with the eyes they were helping to veil, were the - chief beauty of her small, peaked face, were suddenly lifted, and she looked half- indignandy, half-wistfully at her young step-father. All kinds of unpleasant feelings had visited ber as she listened. The truths just mentioned to her by the doctor were not altogether new to her. She had been old enough at the time of her mother's second mar riage to catch up, and be hurt by. scraps of conversation among servants and cevtain of her mother's lady friends. She remembered, too. how much better life had been for hersol? and her sisters after the young doctor appeared on ihe scene aud her mother had figured as Aire. - Morris, instead of as Mrs. West. Never before, -, however, had the ghost of a hint of this j seamy side of thelife which Dr. Morris and bis step- daughters bad spent to § ether for thirteen years dropped from im, and she was thoroughly puzzled - by his present mood. Looking at him, her cheeks lost their sudden rush of colour, and her little fair face gradually Bunned itself over with the expression of camaraderie which years of half fatherly, half -brotherly friendliness had taught the little doctor's step-daughter to wear to him. ' I did allow you to advise me,' she ?aid, smiling, in spite of herself, at the half-teasing, half-earnest manner he had quietened down to. ' I only re fused to take the ad vice, and any girl over twenty-one, let her circumstances be what they may, should be considered free to refuse anything so unsuitable. Why, the very term you used just now in speaking of Mr. Clinton shows the unsuitableiiess. Tou called him ' Old Clinton,' ' she finished. Dr. Morris swung round on his heel, his frock-coat flying out at a tangent in company with tbe fincc~nez. which he still held dangling between finger and thumb, and laughed heartily. ' Con . fouud it, Tina, I vised the adjective as an expression of affection, don't you know. Of course, a man of thirty-eight isn't in his first youth — he isn't raw exactly ; but Clinton is as sound as a bell. I aiu speaking professionally, you understand. £ sounded him a month ago for an Assurance Company, and I can tell his life is a lot safer than that of many a Lid of twenty-two or three, who may have all sorts of seeds of disease larking about him ready to declare themselves in a year or two.' 'What a way of looking at it! ' said Tina, with a disgusted air, walking away to a window, and staling do v.- 11 into the street of the quaint, country town. Dr. Morris dropped his pincc-ncz, and in a moment of fornetfulness of mo fessional dignity, stuffed his hand6 into histrouscr pockets. ' Look here,' said he, regarding resentfully the wisp of a slender figure at the window ; ' when it suits you to do so. you speak of my thirty -nine years with the utmost disrespect.' j ' You're different.' said Tin;), without j looking round. ' You're not bald, and I you've not got a front tooth : .nt. j ''I've six false ones,' unblnshingly vomcEsea uic aoetor. 'Well, you're not wanting to marry somebody of my age,* 'said Tina. o Tbe doctor bit hie lip- for a second, then coolly remarked, Yes, I un.' Tina turned ~onsd. ber hands falling 9mm their ~ ?-''-us playing with the blind-tassel, and each clutching % email handful of the long, straight folds of her pretty dress. The doctor strode across and placed her a chair. Tina ?at down in it — she wasn't able to do anything else — and shyly looked up into ? his face. -:v. _ / The doctor's fresh colour became ?ven fresher in hue. _ 'I am presently, ... ? P*e-i^kly,? he added, reassuringly, with, a downward glance at Tina's upturned? marry Miss AdaLavinglon, ^rrer Lavington's eldest daughter.' a aiP' ?an^ tack in the chair with amiif flediittle 'Oh, dear I ' then sat suddenly with sft: quick-flash of temper, ^dislike her,' she said. '1 kaow-yon do, my dear,' .said the ttoefcor, cheerily and calmly, using much the tone in which he might casually have mentioned that the wind was in the north-east ; ' therefore, Hliere are5 * complications in what would otherwise nave been simplicity itself.' 'Jack, Jack, coom along t* chuch, £5°°° - interrupted a strident voice. 1 i-he eound came from|the direction of a second windowvin the drawing-jrooni-;' the window overlooked a gardpftj^ma] was supplied with a balcony, on the ought to have contained a jack flaw, hnt did not, as the jackdaw 'nnus , c with ~a bop and three strides : * ?- ' -«ternately |ac^y-s8-' the! ^drawing-room ? - towiVuB- Tina, - bringing each t o i ( atrideB to a neat finish' - *with the Jack, coom * along t ^ehnc&j; F^chuchj h 1 * ' ? 3E?®5 J®® Vf-u'Te opened *Eina held her, ' ? out in5iS6ngly tpHhtUleek, longi beaked creature, then, the|i£58fer-' her tide, ' ^ . . : IP ^ wtt SftWari bh j ^wliat fthecfclied IfSiM hU iuir,'-»that ahfeatheriike plumage at the top of the jaokdawfe Iim^ _ ? „ . The doctor looked on with uneasiuess depicted on his countenance ; lie . was . making a mental calculation as to how long it would be before the ' fiend in feathers,'' as he called it, attacked his boot®. Between these articles^)? attire and the jackdaw thereweire -pelrmanent hostilities; '' ? 'It seemed to me,' he began again, with a dry cough, ' that the proposal of' dear old Clinton was a jspecial intc£ position pf Providence, since Miss Lay- ; iiigtoii declares she will be glad share ; my efforts to make my younger step children bappy, but that sue has no hope of succeeding in anything of the ldh.d ; with you.' 'I see,' said Tina, it must be confessed, a little viciously; ' she- proposes to get away from her own -step-mother by becoming one henelf.' ..4 ^ The doctor's mouth twitched comically. atlfche comerfi. .\'2fo, I proposed it,' he said, stratc^c^lly compounding with ' Jack 'for au?attack just about to -be commenced on ;his boots, by pitching the ?bird aj'Bixpence; 'whereupon -Jack 'flew, with his prize, to the lap of his mistress, and there,' standing in the centre of her. spread-out pocket-handkerchief, pro ceeded^ to display, how much a living jackdaw, can look like a dead, stuffed, one, when the part is taken by a bird of talent. ; 'V, ? , ' . ' Why, Ada Lavington, when her father married again, went about every where saying' how hoirid it was of Mrs. Falrleigh to consettt to become the step mother of grown-up step-daughters,' broke out Tina again, with a fresh out burst of indignation. 'Did she ? 'said the doctor. 'It is always possible to 'change one's opinion, 1 and Miss : Lavington's relations with \ her stenmother have nmvpii ka safis. I factory, that it must have been most encouraging, most encouraging.' . The little doctor's tone was Laif facetious, but there was a hurt look on his face, and the next instant his clean shaven lips tightened, in a way which aigued that be had not quite done with Tina. 'I think I may say,' he began again, accordingly, ' that Miss Lavmg ton views the right or wrong acceptance of my suit more with regard to her happiness and mine than to her position as the wife of a step-father.' Tina received the shot iu a vulnerable part. ' Oh, this is dreadful,' she said, ' I see-it is different. Oh, we must all go away.' She had just balanced Jack's sixpence on the top of his head, and now, excited to emulation by the' slight raising of her voice, he, with that ungraceful conversational action peculiar to jack daws, pumped out of himself, as it were, the words-; ' Go away, go 'long.' The jerking of the head downward sent the sixpence rolling across the room, and the doctor, who was of an orderly turn of mind, went in pursuit of it. ' No. you are not all to go away,' he answered, meaningly, as he returned, pocketing the sixpence as he came, in 6pite of the longing in Jack's acquisi tive. stony eye. ? 'But this conversation has given ine no reason to alter my I previous idea, that either by marrying j Clinton — I don't know why he's fool ! enough to want you — or by some other ' means,, it would be desirable for you, under the circumstances of my approach- i ing marriage, to make a start in life for ! yourself.' J Tina sprang to her feet, sending the ? unprepared jackdaw, , witii cut wings : outspread, headlong to the floor, a strong instinct of self-preservation causing ! him to retire hurriedly, cawing as he went, to the empty cage. Dr. Morris followed the bird across the carpet, shut the window it passed f&rough; with a bang, and then faceo round again. ' Tina,' he said, ' upon ; jay word, I feel ready to knock myself down for saying it to you, but I've no i one to say it for me, and you must see ! that there's no reason in life why a man | of thirty-nine {the rest o£ the world i doesn't, like you, look on a man of that age as on the verge of decrepitude} should devote himself quite to the end of his life solely to five big girls for whom he has already done all he can. Tour four sisters, I am quite sure, will rub along well enough with the lady to whom I propose giving a portion of my regard ; but you, I foresee, will not.' ' Tou and she, then, only want me out of the way,' said Tina, panting for breath in the little gust of temper which foi the moment took possession of her. ' Well, I will not marry Mr. Clinton tc oblige ikai girl.' 'You witl not marry Mr. Clinton ; 3 will see you do not,' said the doctor, white iu his turn. 'The poor fellow must be blind to want to share the rest of his days with an undisciplined, big ; child like you.' Tina broke down; she was even now beginning to be ashamed of herself. W ith a panting sob, tears rained down behind the two small hands she raised to hide them. There was a rap at the door, and when Tina bent down, as if to look fora. piece of music, in reality to hide her stream ing face, a servant came in. 'Please, sir, there's a gratis-patient in the consulting-room, and the assis tant isn't back yet.' The doctor strode out and shut the door after Lim. Chapter IL- -Tina's Troubles. *' I had no idea, I tell yon.' Tina, when she made this statement, was sitting with, if the truth must be told, her face fearfully unpresentable from past crying, at a little afternoon tea-table, pouring out tea. She was handing a cup of tea: to Prances, the eldest of her lour tall, slim sisters, the whole of whom were sitting here and there about -an upper room, specially their own, to which they had had their tea tent, in consideration' of the privacy needed for Tina's swollen face, and the importance of the matters to be talked ; over. ... i The West girls were estonishingly Uke each other, aU the same tall, slight, prettily-featuredihig-ey^breatures,one a little thinner, one a little taller, one younger, and one older and firmer looking -somehow. Frances was the one firmer-looking. 'It was very idiotic of you not to have an idea,' she answered, with sis terlyjtranfaiess aiid some, doubt of her sister's iincerity,;' ?1tbn%re Mie |»nly one of iib - who - hkdn't, unless ^ Chinee ' is excepted,' she added, with a bright smile towards the youngest, whose ab normally .'thick aM lopg tail of hair not yet turned up} had earaed for hex that sobriquet. : ' I knew tbat Mr.. Clinton cared for Tina,' that young lady quietly returned, looking steadfastly at her elder rela tive's blurred -countenance. *'But I didn't .know the doctor , cared for that nice Miss Lavingtbh.' T never thought of his Uking ^anybody but us.' ''It's diBgUBtiihg^' was Tina's answer. „ *'? ^No, it%.iiBi't,f but it*6 disturbing,' (^rrC^d PraiiiceB, who was the philo sopher of the family. Q ' Ci^m-musUn. with tnaize-coIour.-jis ; the f ashionablfetthihg ifor bridesmaids'' dresses, ' hazarded hall Bangles, ^stariug , ^across the room^ttfi?€pecuktiVe-ii&dj; somewhat covetous air; 'and itHctee' sSterwardsfor^arden-pf&KeE;/' ' Yon can^iiave 'thai-^or the other wedding,' sat dTinajWith aSSeeted hitter-' ness.^ 'I am not ^o be offered up at the altar of Miss' Laving tori's convex nience,or ataky ortiefaitOT.' '' ' A shrill ** Ire-ake ' 'struck 'Honweryt 1 jbodyS eare.frOm somewhere btetow, an};] p'Smil^to^th^ first time sinc^the'^n^ vSrsatib'hln^fe diawin z -room, gleamed bird is^it^te^^n^^where' she obserTftiM Hue «sj»egtedthe ciroum -stance to give general pleasure ; **he . must have heard . the jingle . of the - spoons and things. JSe's wanting his ®3%e^-Pli go for him.'; Aud she ran downstairs. ' ... Before leaving the room to weep in .greater delusion, Tina had reopened the f ?window which the idoctor had shut ; and fajack^ In conseqiiieiicei JwafeVow perched on the back of a chair, mentioning liis : wants «to his own sympathetic -ears. ' ' £ 3S Jack in her arms, coufihea ^j Jhe more limited space ,°f his wicker cage, , Tina was' crossing from tb£ dra^ing-^ii^the foot of the stairs again. Suddenly she heard some , one letin at the street door; a familiar tstep in the halljbelow, and as familiar a ?voice saying: ^ Hullo, there you arc! How are you, old fellow? I just looked ^incase you wer^jire'rthtedfi'bm turn 'ing up at the Lavingtoris to-nicht, to put you in mind of -that County Council ineeting. Thought over that suggestion of Squire Holton's, eh ? ' Involuntarily she looked for a second over the balustrade, just -in time to see two hands grasp each other heartily, and a tall, broad-shouldered man, with heavy dark moustache, pass across the door-mat of the consulting-room, on the threshold of which her step-father Btood.. The door shut them in, and she mounted the stairs, heralded all the way by Jack's demand for ' ke-ake.' 'He has just come in,' Bhe informed the tea-drinkers, while depositing the cage conveniently for Jack's being able to seethe passers-by in the street below, and to choose those he deemed suitable for his adjuring to 'coom along' or '? go 'long ' — that is, errand-boys or any boy in working clothes, corduroys being the key-note of a really enthusiastic outburst of invitation. *' He gave you Jack,' somewhat irre levantly remarked the Chinee ; ' he said there was no one to care for Jack after his mother died, and would you be the bird's mistress f ' ?' Well ? ' said Tina. Frances's mouth puckered into a smile. ' Chinee,' she said, reprovingly, ' you are too sharp for anything. But I know what Chinee means,' she owned, handsomely, with a wave of lier hand. ' You say you had not the slightest idea that Mr. Clinton would ever think of you. If you had looked at him on the occasion of which Chinee speaks you would have had oi^e. If only you had looked at his face as he spoke, you would have understood. But that is the curious thing, 'she went on ; ''you hardly ever do look at anybody when they are speaking to you. You open your eyes innocently wide (Frances gave a very successful illustration with her own large grey ones), and stare straight past them. Perhaps you are devoting your undivided attention to the composing of an answei.' There can be no doubt that Tina was looking at this particular speaker by the time this point was reached. Perhaps a more nervous lecturer than Frances might have wished it otherwise. ' I do look at peoplf ,' Tina asserted, vaguely. ' Oh, yes, perhaps, once in a conver eation,' returned Frances, nothing daunted. ' You will look deep into the other person's eyes as if you would read their very soul, but you dotit read it. you know.' i~he finished with brisk emphasis. ' There 1 look at her now,' she added, in reference to the fact that Tiua had already drifted into the habit of which mention was being made, her gaze travelling dreamily past Frances's shoulder, the poise of the small head giving the fair, little face a rapt, saintly expression most becoming, but most un reliable as giving an index to Tina's mood. 'I know,' went on Frances, throwing on appealing glance round, ' that she is probably thinking of what I am saying; but I defy her, while she is watching thai bluebottle on the window-pane, to set the expression of face with'which I am saying it, and people often say onething with their tongue while they say anothet with their eyes.' ' Well theyshouldnot.' Tina disposed of the information without troubling to j ascertain whether in this particular in stance Frances's voice was saying one thing and lier aspect another. 'Tea! ' broke in Celestine, otherwise Excelsior, who was sitting at the othei side of the room, with her bronze shoes, rather too much cn evidence, crossed daintily, her dress-skirt somehow drag ged tightly round the shapely ancles ap pearing above the preposterously high heeled shoes — ' tea. Half a cup, and put in two lumps o£ sugar. Frank goes to the other extreme,' she added, consolingly, as Bangles, who had taken Tina's p ace at the table, filled the cup. 'Frank hardly ever believes a word people say with their tongues. It would be a relief to her, I should think, to live in a deaf and dumb asylum. She listens with her eyes.' ' What a shower ! ' interrupted Tina, as a quick patter of summer rain, com ing through a haze of tender, golden light, aroused the apprehension ot her friend the bluebottle, who was now meandering undecidedly across a higher pane of the window: TO BE COKTXNTTKD. 