SPORTING. A THE TURF, . The executive of the Boscbery Parle Racing Club has taken advantage of the Moorcflcld Racing Club's post ponement, and will bring off its postponed meeting at Kensington this afternoon. Racing will begin ut 2.1o, and 'buses and trams are timed to rnu as at Kensington Club meetings. Tnc "All Belgium" Race has been knock ed out of the programme, and a six furlongs 15 hands' handicap, for 12 sovs., substituted, entries for which will be accepted up till 11 a.m. Mr. J. Dcnmcadc is making a great effort to ensure the Success of the winter meeting of the Rosehill Racing Club on the 21th inst. lie has issued invitations to a nuirbcr of notable people, and among those who have accepted them, arc the Premier, the Mayor of Sydney, and Mr. Ciilehctt Walker. The time for making entries for the minor events of the uppioaehing meeting of the Kcnsingtvu Racing Club lias been extended to (» p.m. to-day. A race meeting is to be disposed of to-day at far-off Kalgooiiie. \ Our Melbourne correspondent wires that King's Vision and Butler have been withdrawn from the Y.U.C. Cruud Rational Stceplachase. The racehorse Residue left by train last night to fulfil his Victorian engagements. Ditto, Tollbridge, and Chap lain journeyed in the same direction on Thursday. The Hawkesbury Race Club i;» calling for entries for its meeting of the 1st prox., which is to be held at Rose- liiii, and they can be made up to 4 p.m. on Monday next. Tlie programme Js made up of Hurdle Race, () bovs., second horse 10 sovs., two miles; The Park Stakes, handicap, 00 sovs., second horse 10 so vs., for horses which have not won an advertised prize of the value of -JO sovs. , six furlongs and a half; The Windsor Handicap, 70 sov3., second horse 10 sovs., six furlongs; The Nursery Handicap, 00 povs., second hoi.io 10 sovs.. six furlongs; Hawkesbury Winter Handicap, 100 so vs., second horse 15 bovs., and third horse 5 sows., one mile and a quarter and 100 yards; and The Welter, handicap, GO sovs., second horse 10 sovs., six furlongs. A two days' race meeting is to begin at Warreu on !TuesUay next. The rainfall 1ms been so heavy in the neighborhood of Kogarah as to compel the posiiHuicmeitt of the Moorelleld Club's race meeting which was set for decision to day, and an attempt will be made to bring it off on Tuesday next, Referendum Day. One of the fancy doubles for the Y.R.C. Grand National as Cranberry, 10.7, and Domino, 12,10. Roth horses are raid to be doing well, the former having tilled out a lot, while Domino is described as never having looked better. Owners desirous of avoiding further liability for the llosohill Cup must withdraw before -1 p.m. on Monday next. The regular meeting of the Oakland llunt Club is to take place to-day at Moonec Valley. Any chance Newlmven had in the Jubilee Stakes was completely spoiled at the start. The burses were kept at the post, breaking away, fur 40 minutes before the desiraleh was effected, and yet England will not adopt the starting machine. Newluiven had 0.10 in the saddle. A Melbourne paper lias it that "Mr. C. M. Lloyd has Bold the hurdle racer Cranberry, to Messrs. P. and T. Morgan for 250 guineas. The lately gelding will con tinue to 1)0 trained by W. llickeiiboLliain, and W. Douglas will have the mount on liim in the Y.It.C. Grand National Hurdle Race." The yearling colt by Carlvon from Brown Alice, lias boon named "Every Time Yes," and he figures among the geminations for the Maribymong Plate. Speaking of horses which have Iven entered for the Melbourne Cup for advertising purposes an exchange nays: "This is an illegitimate proceeding, and ought not to be tolerated by our racing authorities. To ask Mr. Dakin (o handicap these two horses is unfair. It is only making a fool of the man. As well ask him to handicap ghosts and phantoms." Messrs. H. Chisholm mid Co. have resolved upon a de parture which ought to find much favor with their ever- so-many clients. There has always been roino difficulty experienced at yearling sale times in finding suitable quarters to house the youngsters during the period al lowed for inspection, and the best arrangement that has hitherto been made was, to say the least, unsatisfactory. The yearlings hnve had to Ik? quartered in all direction's, making it a matter of no small difficulty, even to those who had the time to spare, to interview them, while most intending buyers were compelled to wait until the day of sale, end then run their eyes hurriedly over the respective lots. All this inconvenience Messrs! Chisholm and Co. now propose t„ ,i„ awav with. That firm has purchased a rectangular block of land at the corner of lving and Prince streets, Kandwiek. situated within n hundred yards of the stopping place at the tramway sheds. It is 155ft. by .'Wit., and the firm's intention is to build thereon 100 first-class, roomy loose boxes, as well as to provide the necessary accommodation for men iu charge, feedroom, etc. The ground is sufficient to permit of a parade for horses, ami a spacious sale ring, go that yearlings and other stock that are to be offered wav be teen and competed for, as it were, under the one roof. The building will bo of brick, with patent tile roof, and the whole of Messrs. Chisholm and Co.' sales will he conducted there. It is further proposed to number the boxes consecutively, and they will compare with the numbers in the catalogue. Some such move as this was needed here, and Messrs. Chisholm and Co. are to be congratulated upon having undertaken it. Horses, as they arrive for sale, will be taken to the new stables, und re main there until disposed of. The death by drowning is announced of the W.itrpu pony, Jerry, which was 22 years old. During his career Jerry won over 50 prizes, and no less than 41 had the \- blue ribbon" attached. He put up rather a record at the "Wugga show a few years ago, when lie took first Tinzc under 14 hands, single harness, one of a pair in harness, was leader in the Unicorn team that received fust notice, and wound up by taking the jumping event over three hurdles and the high jump. In the latter event he put up a record, viz., 5ft. 5in., which Ftill holds good. Jcrrv also figured successfully once in a irotting event nt Junee. A sale of heavy draught horses, four and five years old, is to be held at Camperdown Yards on the' 23th anst., by Messrs. Pitt, Son, and Radgery. No fewer than 30 colts are to bo offered for Messrs. Cook and Munro, of Gundebri. The two-year- old sister to that smart pony Tndabbn lias arrived in Sydney, and she will probably be tried at pony and galloway meetings. The hurdle racer Laburnum is going to India, Mr. J. Gov? having purchased her to that end. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that nt Flom- mgton yesterday Tagus, while being schooled over hurdles, apparently wrenched himself in the shoulder, and pulled up somewhat laine. Cooramin has been struck out of the Rosehill Cup. 