When the Sun Set. Tho whole show was ompty onough, good ness knows, for Parliament Houbo un doubtedly boars in its appearance and in the atmosphere about it), in tho intorior and on tho exterior, signs and vague suggestions of her ugo and of tho doleful troatmont sho has received through tho years of the colony. Undoubtedly the House is old, and un doubtedly it has boon badly treated. Although to-day, liko some old harridan, haggard through worry, sho has striven to imitate tho dew of maiden freshness by a bright conb of paint upon her chooks, she yet but does intensify tho woo and soars that a lengthy host of our glorious legislators have pressed unkindly on her. Inside there is no deception. In tho oliamber where the Assembly sib bho walls aro drear and tbo light dusky, 'as if the broken promises and blasted, hopes and dissipated, illusions and river ideals hovered liko dark wings near to the ceiling anil foiled and ballled all tlio efforts of electricity to give tho chamber a tolerable air of intelligence and brightness. . ' * '- If ono nowadays was sanguine onough to expect earnest deliberation, lofty expres sions of chrystalised thought, strenuous determinations to do well for tho people, no exception could be taken to this, for indeed all philosophers and statesmen of lofty motive havo spoken in certain shadow. But when ono attends with a holiday feel ing about him— with a delicious tang of excitement as though the drums of a circus called to all to come and see the clown — ancV sits . down ready to laugh with and against the genial buffons that so exquisitely and amiably make a pretence of doing public business instead of — ns they do in reality — passing a pleasant hour or two in badinage, heightened by the esoterio wink that goes round when they perceive tho publio sees the joke, takes all at its true value, and laughs with them as hilariously as thoy can wish he resents the bad light and fusty musty benches, desiring to see his enter tainers in a good light, m that he shall not miss a quip or joke, a fliokor of a liquorish eyelid, or tho twitches of a mirthful jom-1, On Tuesday night tho light wus trnpuaitdly bad, but probably they were lowered reverently as a mark of reaped; to tlio1 dying Opposi tion — for even in the death of a mountebank there is a sen'o of a'.vo and inolancholy. a « © A glimpse of tho house I We see thoro almost overy kind of brovvioxcept those that Him o with -inspired patriotism. .Fat gentle men with bald heads, respectably stripped by their cares over a grocery busincwH 6 11 in the butter trade; thin grmtlomen loaned by a life time's labour in the great cause of self j medium sorb of gentlemen who, harmless in the ordinary walks ofjlfu, benomo still more harmless— if suoh were possible -in the merry, laughter- breeding, wib-dulling and pleaaanb befooling ah' of tho glorious pro ceedings about thorn ; littlo gentlemen with great and tremendous importance in the eyes of their wives, children und themselves j young gentlemen whose lift from the de bating sohool has made them dixs«y oh tho heights that oonooifc has raised themj old gentlemen who cannot imagine how any other gentlemen possibly got any foolish people to send them to the Houbo j and all gentlemen profoundly impressed with tho calibre of thoir own intellects and deeply depressed at the thought of tho other intellects that make up tho conglomerate wisdom of tho- Legislative Assembly, 8o thoy sit and jest and make laM'H, a goodly company, each and ovoryono striving to follow tho fashion and joko tho country into a' good humour, Hltb 'their Premier Mr. EoicL Most of them aro con tortionists liko him, but alas nono havo bho fat and merry ways,, tho roguish byo, tlio liquorish lipa of that superlatively humorous individual, who to. do him orodlb Is no way sido jester, .but a man of tlio world, with wisdom onough to havo flattered Ills Bishop ' to tho end, and not have lost his billot liko Gil Bias, « ? ft Ml Thoy say that Roid is a clown, but any hoM ho is a good clown and hath a now turn, What would an artist do at tho Tlvoli without n, now turn ? Swiftly the gods would hi SB him, sharply would Richards dismiss him, and .roadily would an intelligent public allow him torobiro bo thomorosonossof private Ufa. Alas, the public k fickle I Well, doth tho honorable George appreciate this woeful trait j but), all, bho ingenuity which Jio displays in catering to thoir tastes, ' A policy,' says George, ' la only strong as it la inounsistonb. 'Vatiot'y is tho sauoe of Ufa. and a surprise party very life itself,' So ho has pursued a path political with weird and wondorful tergiver sations that rarely repeat thomaolvoH. On Tuesday ho had a ft'oBh surpriao for Parlia ment, With voilod words ho praised the Bill ho had previously oondomnod and rounded— if we may use tho word—on tho old friontla of that very Bill. Practically ad» , mitting tho Bill was much tlio same as it was before, he now stood forth as its oham-J pion, and was 'the same old Gebrgo as I ever.' And of course nobody was surprised at\this remarkable hop, skip and jump over his. previous convictions. « ..- ? ? After Keid's tipeeoh in support of the Bill there was a murmur in the lobbies. Parlia ment likes its little joke, but eomo who 'for the nonce were earnest for private reasons thought his humour really too broad. ' What,' said ono 'prominent old-Billite, 'is Reid's hide composed 'of? -Here he comes back practically accomplishing nothing — virtually admitting that ho has failed in all his contemplated amendments, foiled in all hid purposfcs, convinced that the other colonies would grant no more. Honestly speaking the Bill is tho same Bill — Barton's Bill — and now Reid fathers it. Why doesn't ho, having failed to improve it, tolling us that all his reforms in later light appeared im practicable, stand aside, hand the Bill to Barton, saying 'Old ohap, I -thought to do better, I failed, you were the wisest, take back your own and I'll help you to carry it through tho country.'' Such were the words of this dreamer who forgot that all politicians are egotists, and want everybody else's porridge. * * * Watching tlio Houso and marking the members' faces one could not help wonder ing how many really understood Fodomtion. All listened with a listloss pro-occupied air, looking, if not saying, 'I know all about it, hurry up, old fellow, the people would sooner hoar mo ppeak.' On moat solfsatis tied egotism But liko a twimeiouH monkey. None would make good editors, simply bo beoause each would think none of tho others wore worth reporting, let alone interview ing. Each had his ptvrb to play, and each like a joalous actor considered ho played it bent. All yearned for tho smiles of tho ladies that lined the gallery, and yawned through the speeches until some particular brand of hair known to them washarang ing the House. » a ? Storey, of Randvviok, moved an amend ment. The House politely jeered all the time he was speaking, or emptied itself into the refreshment room. Storey is a groat man for words, and also laughs at his own jokes, but aa no one seems to take him seri ously beyond wishing thn-. hn would con dense, no harm was dour-, J*\\.»i* till I; ho atten tion he got he might, luivo been addivMincj the sad sea waves of Coogeo. Anyhow the tho ' Hansard' reporters word bukuig him, so his addr.oss at least will bo decently buried. ? ? ? Mr. O'Sullivan and Clormly very nearly emptied the remaining dregs of bho House, who, somnolent, had been too weary to move, or porhaps wero soothed by tho drone of words, The grievances of selectors don't trouble tho ordinary member with ,G800 a yoar very much j ho only wonders1 why thoy can't die of drought without giving any bother. However, Oarruthors ropliod in the usual ministerial ambiguous strain, and tho Houso slept on again. All life was dead, the proceedings wore spiritless, George Roid sat on thoir chest liko a' night mare, and all wore as tired as if thoy had boon chasing ghosts. Adjournment pro duced happy yawns. Tho Rouse' will receive Federation'1 with resignation. 