AT TIIE OPEN DITCH. -o- ( (Mport.ng and Jramatio Ncws) f -o 'Doyou believe in ghosts, second sight, and t the reappearance of spirits in the flesh,Glyn ? e asked Jimmy Bellew, as we sat smoking one o evening in his quarters. I- laughed f ' What ! John James Christopher Binns T l Iquoted. ' That sort of thing, ehl Certainly r not. I do believe, though, in disordered nerves and liver, and the cure for which is a i blue pill and a blue ribbon. Why do you f ask. t 'Because,' said he, solemn as a judge, ' on a two separate occasions I have seen with my own eyes a person I know to have .been dead a and buried for years Jimmy was going to be married the fol lowing week, which accounted for a certain f amount of glumness on his part, But to take such a fit of the jumps- the night before our races, too - was a little too 1 much. ' Who was it-a man or a woman- I asked. 'Woman,' he replied; naturally. 'It:was c a queer business. I'have! never: mentioned it-to- any human being,- bul Iwould: rather i e:like tell= you, Glyn, ifou don t: mind 'Fire away.. ' I met her at Simla,' he~began, slowly. ' I was doing A.D.O. to Feathierly then. One I of the best- looking women you ever saw; magnificent eyes-but see for yourself, taking from a despatch-box beside him a leather case, which he opened ;,nd handed to me. ' Handsome face, eh I And exactly like her. I nodded. ' A beautiful devil, as bad as they make ' em, was my mental verdict. ' It was the usual Kipling .business,' he i was thinking aloud, in short, disjointed I sentences, ' She began it, I fancy, onutofJ sheer devilry-there was something else-a nice little girl-she could not bear to see another woman. A pause. ' Don't think though; that Eblame her. I was just as ready to be made a fool of as she was to make a fool of me. It was an infat nation-regular case of possession--- while it lasted. We were inseparable at Simlai Later they were at an out station-good place for snipe-not far from liead-quarters. She came to the balls-I took to snipe shooting, And so for the best part of eigh teen months it went on,- until-well ! that sort of madness was bound to wear itself out. I began to recover my senses-she grew keener as I cooled off-made scenes-what v --r it had been at the beginning, it was the ie.i thing with her then. Finally came the climax: She was not violent. She only said that, as I no longer cared for her, we had better part. What was to be done ' Of course I perjured myself -freely-to no purpose. She wished ma good-bye. ' 'Although we may never meet again,' she said-I can hear her speaking now--'.you are mine, only mine. I shall never give you up. Remember that. Never attempt to put another woman in. my place, for if you- do, I< warn you, I shall conte back, no matter-where Imay be, even from the grave,, to claim my rights; 'The next morning she was found dead in It- r 'ued-an overdose of chloral-she took it for .aeuralgia.-- accidental, so they: said. I'd give live years cf-my life even now to be able to think so. -He shuddered. S'It's an awful thing to- feel a woman's death at one's door. I try to think she was not responsible. - "'Couldn't have beeniI-? interrupted de cidedly. He sighed . ' Perhaps not. Anyhoi it gave me a shock. I was on the high road to D.T. or a lunatic asylum, when Featherly got sent to Burmah and took me with him, The spell of active service made another man of me. I started for home at the end of it, pretty well myself again, It was then she came to me. . His voice s'ank almost to a whisper. '1 was on deck one evening, talking to a girl-we'd been dancing--when I looked round. There she atodd, by my side, thp moon shining full on herface. I jumped back; the steamer gave ?larch, and over. board I went. . . ... They picked me up, but I had a narrow shave of. braip fever, and, as you will?- remember, reached home a wreck. I nodded. " We had all noticed the extraordinairy change in poor Jimmy when he rejoined. He went away full of life and spirit, the best of company; he came back morbid, morose, without a word to say to his old pals and it was ages before he became his sld self again. But Jimmy hadn't finished. SThe next time was three years later at Rathcoolan,' he was saying, 'when I had dismissed the whole business as an halluci , -nation. We were out shooting.. I had just scrambled over a fence, and was holding out my hand to help Miss Bourke, when I felt a touch on my arm-distinctly. There she was again. I believe she pushed me away. Anyhow, I slipped up, my gun went flying into a ditchl, caught in a bramble, went off, and lodlged a shot in my thigh- but you remember 1-you were there at the time. And now, what do you think of it 1 If it were fancy, it was deuced strange that one's nerves should- play one thesame trick twice without the slightest warning, eh ? 'Not at all,' I declared. . 'The Rathcoolan accident, at all events, was the most natural thing in the world. You were making strong running to Miss Bourke' (she was a pretty girl, and his people were most anxious for the match, looked on it as a settled thing); 'you'd got the other woman's threat in your mind; with your usual blood-curdling carelessness-it id a marvel you have not shot yourself a hundred times over-there you stood on a slippery bank, with your gun at full cock. A twig touched you, you started and tripped up. Then with your head weak in the go of fever that followed, you concocted a cock-and-bull story and ended by believing it. And I have not the slightest doubt very much the same thing happened on board ship. Jimmy shook his head. 'I tell myself all that and for a time I manage to delude myself into believing it. S?ill in my heart of'hearts, I know that she vi did come back as bhe said she would. In vi fact, after Rathcoolan in spite of my people, and the name and all that '-Jimmy, let me h explain, was heir to the Caterham title abd estates-' I made up my mind not to marry ; only fate last year, in the person of Kate St, j: .John decreed that I should change it. So' fir this time all has gone well, yet I" cau't help thinking something will happen before c next week. c ' Rot !' I retorted brutally. ' You are b like an histerical schoolgirl with your insane n fancies. All you have got to do is to. shove that photograph of Mrs What's-her-name fi and everything connected with -her into the s fire, go to bed and to sleep and don't give her o another thought. I What sort of a night's rest Jimmy had I t do not know, but he completely spoilt mine C for me. Not that I put any faith in his'story. h It was easy to understand the hold an I unscrupulous woman could acquire ever an ! impressionable, soft-hearted chap like poor a dear Jimmy, who in his remorse had taken , in, sober serious earnest the empty ravings c of an angry woman maddened with jealousy. I Given such a delusion, a promising flirtation a interrupted by an accident, -a bout of light- i headedness, .and there :you. have the apparition. ' What a farce it all seemed. " And yet the frame of mind which produced the apparition was a very serious l thing. IC It was heartbreaking that so good a fellow with everything to make him happy, should I allow his life to be spoiled by, a" mere a bogey. t Besides a man who sees 'spooks in every I nook and corner has no bauiness to be riding races. - a Altogether I spent a thoroughly anxious; uncomfortable night. I 'Things improved in the morning. i I remembered with relief that Jimmy's nerve for riding had never failed him yet; that the Boldertcn course presented no very' serious obstacles to any horse or rider of average capacity ; and that Jimmy's jockey- I ship as well as his mounts, were far beyond the average Besides I was much too busy on my own account to. give way. to any morbid I fancies. Increasing. weight' prevented' my taking: any active part in the day's doinzgs Still I had a couple of horses running, and what with looking after them;- giving my.: subaltern who was riding for me, orders-to which the booby paid no attention-talking to various old pals who had run down to see the fun, and feeding the horde of natives who'deacended like a swarm-of locusts' on the lunch and tea-tent-for we sent invitations to every soul who called upon us-my time was pretty: well filled up. Jimmy, too, was; not doing so badly either. He only came in-second forthe Hunt Cup owing to: a, loose horse crossing' his mare, Molly Malone, and upsetting her., at the water, so that she refused, jumped badly and lost a lot of.ground. Still, he won the Regimental Cup in a ;canter, and started favourite for the last race on the card-a challengeeup. \- I was in the paddock when, as the saddling bell' rang, he came up with Miss St. John who had come down for the day, and who it appeared, wanted to walk down to a jump. I offered myself as escort. Off we started, and reached the open Sditch round the corner at the bottom of the ' slope,just as the horses came thundering down to it. Good Lord ! what a pace! And that ass Saunders, confound him I ini front making the running, after my'repeated warnings to spare old Timothy downhill. ' How fast they are going,' prattled my companion. ' Oh, Major Glyn, isn't it very dangerous. Well, it might be dangerous'ofi Timothy's I groggy forelegs; or for Villiers, who lauded on his horse's neck at every fence; or for Anstruther, riding that three-cornered mare of his, who tried to:run out half-a-lien times ;-but Jimmy lolloping along on :that Sold stager Brutus, who could have gone round half the steeplechase courses.in the Scountry blindfold, was as safe as if he were sittingin an arii-chair. I. told her so, which seemed to reassure her, and having watched them out of' sight she began to look about and criticise, the bystanders. 'Oh. Major Glyn,' she suddenly cried, ' what an extraordinary woman! such aget up i Quite in the style of the year one. 'Do look at her-there in front of you. Who can shebe? Doyou know? I;was not interested in the identity of any weird female, for they- were just reappearing over the brow of the hill, and I .was vainly scanning the horizon with my glass in search t of Timothy. . However I looked. \- By the opposite wing rather apart. from the little group of .spectatorsa- .woman was t standing-a striking figure in,.red and black' gown, with a red sunshade. ' " ' Never set eyes on her, I began, when she shifted her sunshade and moved forward a pace or two. I caught sight of her face. . It was the original of the photograph: ; SHere they come ' gleefully exclaimed .the little flancee, 'Jim's leading. Oh I:' iwith a sudden sharp change of'tone. 'What is it 1 What, indeed 1 . Never shall I forget the ghastly change that suddenly came over Jimmy's face; his instinctive violent clutch at the reins. Did he pull Brutus out of his stride, orj did that strange panic communicate itsdelf to: to the old horse ? Who could say 1 It was all over in a moment; a swerve, a , rush, a grinding sickening thud, as Brutus without rising an inch, galloped straight into the ditch. d Poor Jimmy fell on his head,· while Miss k St. John. with e shriek, fainted away. d I rushed forward., SThere he lay, his neck broken,. his dead t face still stamped with a frozen look of Shorror. . '. And that she-devil . Where was she :? I I had seen her two min:es before ;-the '. feice was right out in the opn, yet :not a vestige of the red and black figure-; was, visible. She had done her fiendish" work, claimed her rights, and vanished, 