HOSPITAL SUNDAY COLLECTIONS. SERVICES IN THE CHURCHES, Hospital Sunday collections were made in the Wiliiamstown churches on Sunday last and liberally responded to. As usual, the Cecil Street Presbyterian Church heads the list with the hand some amount of ^42 Ss. nd,, an increase of £2 7s. 3d. on last year. The Wesleyan Church shows an St. Mary’s Roman Catholic a decrease pf However, the collection did increase of ^3 over last year. There was a special service of song at the Presbyterian Church in the evening, when the pastor, Rev. R. Murray, preached from the words “ Go thou, and do likewise.” The Rev. John Caldwell preached morning and even ing at the North Presbyterian Church, and special sermons were preached by the Rev. J. J. Owen, pastor of the Welsh Church, entitled " Why does God permit suffering ” and “ The Good Samaritan.” ' The Rev. Father Fay, S.J,, officiated at eleven o’clock at St. Mary’s Church, and the Rev. Father Grant in the evening. Rev. Robert Brown, of Alphington conducted both the services at the Newport Wesleyan Church, and Mr. Comstock did like wise at Wiliiamstown. In the Wesleyan Churches, all over the average collec tions were given to the local Hospital. The returns for St. Mary’s Church as given in the Argus were incomplete and did include the Werribee or Newport churches attached to the mission. The complete returns appear below and include a donation of one guinea added by the pastor of the church, Rev. P. J. Fallon. The amounts collected were as follows :— 1899\. 1898. South Presbyterian Church and Sunday School . 42 8 11 40 1 8 St. Mary’s Church| ... 20 0 0 IS 17 3 North Presbyterian Church, £1311s lOd; Sunday School, £1... 14 11 10 15 12 6 Holy Trinity Church 12 0 3 14 2 8 Congregation’l ChBrch 7 14 9 7 16 5 Welsh Church. 7 8 5| 7 10 Wesleyan Church, £4 6;. 6d. ; Sunday School (£1 14s. ljd.) 6 0 7i 3 0 0 Newport Wesleyan Church, £1 Is.; Sun day School,£116s7d 2 17 7 1 12 0 Baptist Church and Sunday School ... £2 0 0 £2 0 0 Totals.£115 2 5 £110 3 6 His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne will arrive at the Beach station to- morrow morning by the ten minutes to eleven train and will be escorted to St. Mary’s Church by a procession. Upon entering the church, the Hallelujah chorus will be rendered. The pastor of tli6 church, the Rev. P. J. Fallon, will celebrate mass at which the Archbishop will preside, and the sermon will be preached by, His Grace. Weber's grand mass in E will be rendered by the choir, under the leadership of Mr. Dawson, and the Benedic tion of the Blessed Sacrament will be given by the Archbishop. The children, to the number of about 100; will then enter the ohurch to be examined in Christian doctrine by His Grace, after which they will be con firmed. If time permits, it is also intended to perform the ceremony of inducting Father Fallon into the pastorate of Wiliiamstown. ' The Punt Committee will interview the proprietors of the Australian Forge and Engineering Company this morning to make arrangements for laying up the steam ferry The new machinery for the ferry is now nearly completed and it is expected the punt will be on the slip for a fortnight to allow her timbers to be overhauled. A mining dredging plant for the Maori Queen Gold Miniug Company, Ovens river, to cost be - ween £5000 and £6000, is now in course of construction at the works aud good progress is being made with the pilot steamer. Mr. W. Knights, shipbuilder, Nelson place, hus had the honor of introducing marine oil engines into Hobson’s Bay. So successfully has the Frolic worked with her new motive power, that he had been commissioned to build a boat fitted up with an oil engine to the order of Mr. Dolphin, a well-known hotel proprietor, of Nagambie. The boat, which will be capable of conveying -twenty passengers on the Goulburh, has been built by Mr. Knights in a manner that should give the owner every satisfaction. She is 25 feet in length with a 7 feet beam and is 2 feet 6 inches deep. She is fitted with 2J horee power Union gas engine, manufactured in San Francisco. It occupies the centre of the boat and is supplied with oil from a tank comfortably ;8towed out of. site at the stern of the boat from which it is conveyed by a tube. These oil engines are made up to fifty horse power and as those fitted up by Mr. Knights have worked smoothly and given every satisfaction, the demand for them is likely to steadily increase. The handsome boat turned out by Mr, Knights is Bure to be a great novelty on tbeGonlburn, and the owner is to be congratulated upon having got suoh a good job. Mr. Alfred Farmer, whose parents reside at Ferguson street, was married at the Wesleyan Church, Horsham, during the week to Miss Edith Miller, eldest daughter of Mr. James Miller, of Messrs May and Miller, the well-known firm of agricultural implement makers, HorBham. The wedding was a- quiet one, Mr. W. Farmer, Williams town,, being best man. About 500 persons saw the couple off at the station. Mr. Farmer, who was formerly teller at the Commercial bank, Wiliiamstown, is now at the Commercial bank, Dandenong, where he and Mrs. Farmer will reside. The Federal Minstrels appeared at the Mechanics’ Institute on Saturday evening in a new programme, which was well received by a large audience. The songs of Miss Lucy Fraser, Messrs Matlock, Holland and Bayliss, and the comic items by Messrs Marion and Douglas were entirely to the taste of the audience. It is announced that Mr. Harry Grey, comedian, and the Howard Sisters will appear, together with the full strength of the company, this evening. ' The Nigger Minstrels will give an enter tainment at the Mechanics' Institute next Wednesday evening, in aid of the funds of the institute. The interlocutor will be Mr. J. A. Thompson and the corner men Messrs. I. Swan, Dave Ward, W. fl. Bunn and Webbe. The Nigger Minstrel glee party will contribute a part song “ The Image of the Rose ” and the programme will conclude with a farce "A Ghost in a Pawn Shop.’’ Mr, W. Dolman, timber merchant, Cecil street, intimates in and another column that he is offering timber, lime and other buildimr 1 material for Bale at low prices. He has a 1 large stock of both new and secondhand | material to choose from. I Morgan, Gunn and Co. will sell by auction 1 on Tuesday next, at half-past two o’clock, ‘ in their Newport rooms, in the estate of • Langford Baker, deceased. • Furniture re moved to the rooms for con-venience of tale 5 no reserve. ' 1 Mr. W. B. Bates, baker, DouglaB parade, ' advertises that he is making a specialty of 1 picnic cakes. 