STORY Ql&mUNTED; ,,???-:? YACHT. A seasonable ghost story is to hand from Clyde in tbe shape of a narrative publish ed by the 'Glasgow .Weekly Mail,' which has a steam -yacht for its io cale. Curiously enough, the name of the yacht is not given.- But this does not detract from the thrilling and un cauny character of the occurrence. About the middle of July, we read, the yacht in question was anchored at Rothesay Bay, when one of the hands was drowned at that cold eerie hour known as '.the turn, o' the night.' The skipper and another man joined the yacht next day. The hand who had wrought along with the man had taken another situation. Just a night or so after they joined- the -vessel . they were startled in their bunks by hear ing seven distinct knocks' in the forecastle. They looked out, examined the yacht, and finding nothing to account *for the weird sounds were mystified.' The knocking con tinued; then, alter awhile, it stopped, but from the sensational incident, for they were the only two persons on board, they sat up and wondered what the sounds could have been. A night or two afterwards two gentlemen were on' board at the hour when the rap ping and rattling amongst the pots commenced, and one of them shouted over to where the skipper and engineer were resting, 'Were you knocking, captain?' The yacht' was ordered by its owner to sail to the Kyles, where it is used every day by that gentleman and his party. The two men are left on board at night. The other night at 12.15 the knocking began, and, to their horror, the lid of a pot was flung at them, and struck the ladder be tween their beds. 'In the name of God, what are you?' shrieked the captain. 'Speak, I say! speak! If you want any thing, make a sign?' That instant the noises ceased. The lid of the pot, it ia said, could not have fallen off, as it was on the pot when seen last. Next morning the sounds commenced at the self-same hour, and lasted the usual time, till after 1 o'clock. The noises resembled a poker being hit on a grate, and then the sound of bare feet hurrying along the deck over head. There were no traces of rats on board. The two men, thinking that the 'spook' might be concerned about 6ome belongings, searched the yacht through and through, but came upon neither money nor anything else. The captain is said to be a seaman of proved courage, a life ab stainer, a regular church-goer when at home, and not superstitious. 