-!!fcnerot fltttyg. Visiting Day. — To-morrow has been set apart as visiting day at the Belvidere School, over which Miss Matheson now presides, - and also at the Milang school. Dr. and Mas. Shone; who are thoroughly enjoying their holiday, expect to leave Eng land «t the end of June, and -may be expected to return to Strathalbyn about the jniddle of August. Mr. Thos. Raggatt.— We regret to leam that this old townsman is very seriously ill, suffering from a -bad attack of pneumonia. Mr. Raggatt is .advanced in years, and his condition gives serious anxiety to his family. North Parade Bridge. — Examination of the girciers of ibis bridge, ' wh«ch has been partially stripped, shows that four of -the six Oregon girders have decayed and require re placing, the other two being considered good enough for the present. Mr. A. Caldwell has the work in hand. ? Winter Dances'— The Strathalbyn Quadrille Club will give a series of dances during the winter season, the first taking place ? on the 25th inst., and eleven - following, with fortnightly intervals: Two ''long nights' will be arranged for, the dates of which will be fixed on shortly. A committee of married ladies has charge of the supper department, and one of single ladies will arrange for music etc Masonic— At the next, meeting of St. John's Lodge, Strathalbyn (Friday, 19th May). Canon Samwell, is to give a '-couple of lecturettes on Masonic subjects, a musical pro gramme separating the addresses. A large attendance of members of the craft will in all probability assemble in the pretty hall which the brothers of St. John's Lodge own as their temple. Strathalbyn Institute. — The usual monthly meeting of committee was held on Tuesday evening, Mr. Kent presiding over a large attendance. Various routine matters having been attended to it was resolved to purchase a small parcel of new books for the library, and the president and the Rev. G. C. Love, and Messrs Elliott and Henderson were appointed to select. It was also decided to secure Dr. McBumey's services for one of his^ popular musical entertainments, and the arrangements for his visit were left in Mr. Elliott's hands. ? A Sad. Incident. — A particularly sad occurrence took place at Port Elliot la»t week. Miss Abbott, whose father was chairman of Mr. Tucker's local committee, -was dressing for the social to be held at G3olwa,.on Monday evening, and while in the act of arranging her hair, broke a blood vessel on one of her lungs, and died soon after. The sad event threw a gloom over the neighborhood, Miss Abbott having been much esteemed by a large circle of friends. The Funeral of the late Mt. F. GloveT, who was drowned in the Murray, near Goolwa on Tuesday, May 2nd, and whose body was recovered by M.C. Juckes on Saturday, took place on Sunday, a large crowd assembling at the Currency Creek cemetery to pay tribute of respect to his memory. The Rev. M. Boyer, B.A., conducted the service at the grave, Mr. A. Dowland also reading the Foresters' ritual, Mr. Glover having been a member of that order. Congratulatory Social. — The Institute Hall at Gaolwa, was, on Monday, May 1st, the scene of a very brilliant gathering, one of the most successful and enjoyable socials ever given in the South being held for the purpose of congratulating Alderman Tucker, M.P., on his election as senior representative of the Encounter Bay District. The room was most charmingly decorated, festoons of cream and blue muslin, interlaced with flowers and ferns, and a large assortment of flags dra ping the walls, and the front part of the stage being transformed into a veritable fairy bower the whole of the decorations reflecting very ' great credit on Mr. L. Ducret, who designed and carried out- the work, a number of ladies, assisting him. An excellent supper was - laia ' ont bv Mrs. Farrow, the tables, which . were p'.aceS behind the proscenium, -across the full width of the stage, being set out in very pretty st3'le, and loaded with good things time after time, 450 in all partaking of the refreshments provided. Mr. E. W. Neighbor presided during^ the early part of the evening, while a musical programme was given very success fully by Misses Kemp 2, Glover, and Wallace 3, and Messrs Croucher, Ducret, and Sunmer, and Capts. Henderson and Wolter. Dancing was then engaged in, Mr. B. Abbott taking charge as M.C. very efficiently. During the evening Mr. Tucker was heartily congratu lated on his success in the elections, and al together a thoroughly enjoyable time was spent by the company, which incuded guests from all parts of the district, Mrs. Brown, Mr. Tucker's sister, and the ex-acting Mayoress of Adelaide, being amongst the numbers. Alderman Tuckek, M.P. — Monday was the first day on which the Adelaide City Council met after the general elections, and though three of its members who stood for East and West Adelaide and the Sturt dis tricts respectively were numbered with the slain, Alderman Tucker, the fourth represen tative of the council who stood for Parliamen tary honors, had been successful. Alderman Tucker, was present, and his Worship the Mayor, amid applause, congratulated him on his election to a seat in .the House of Assem bly for the district of Encounter Bay. - They, as a council, would appreciate Mr. Tucker's election more, perhaps, than people outside, for in him they would have a champion for the cause of the local governing bodies, and thus would be the means of making their wants known and getting their just claims looked into. Alderman Tucker, who met with a cordial reception, said it was kind of the Mayor to congratulate him 01 hiselectior. He had long felt that local governing bodies should have representation.in Parliament, and he could assure them that he would do all he could on behalf of such bodies. Later on Alderman Johnson moved a formal motion, in which the council congratulated Mr. Tucker on his success. Councillors Sellar, Bruce, and Denny all rose and warmly commended the acceptance of the motion, and congratu lated Mr. Tucker. The motion was carried nem con, and Alderman Tucker made a fitting response. Christ Church, Strathalbyn, was crowded yesterday afternoon when Miss Edith Hugall, for some time a prominent member of the choir, was married to Mr. H . Overall of Milang, the incumbent, Rev. A. Wheeler, M.A., performing the ceremony. The bride (who was given away by her brother, Mr. A. Hugall) wore a magnificent costume of white silk, trimmed with silk chiffon and lace with lillies of the valley and orange blossom. The bodice front was fully honey- combed, as were parts of the sleeve, and a court train fell from the shoulders, the whole .dress being exceed- ingly rich and beautiful. Misses Effie Campbell, Dora Hugall, and A. Overall, acted as bridesmaids, and Messrs. Ernest. Overall, Allan Campbell, and Frank Hassam, being the groomsmen. The church had been beautifully decorated by the choir and members of the congregation, and a special musical programme arranged. At the conclusion of the church rites the incumbent gave an address to the newly-married couple. Mrs. Hugall afterwards entertained a large company at breakfast at her residence, when Mr. and Mrs. Overall were made the recipients of a very varied lot of valuable presents, and received the congratulations of their friends. In the evening a dance was given in the Institute Hall, some two hundred guests assembling and spending a thoroughly enjoyable time. Throat affections and Hoarseness.-AU snf ferinK from irritation of the throat and hoarseness sill be agreeably snrprised at the almost immediate re-ief afforded 'by the ose of 'Brown's lironohial Troches.' These famous 'rJoze--ges''areiio\rsoidbj. most respectable chemists in this country at Is ljd. per box. People tronbled -with a *' hacking cough,' a ?' slight cola,' or bronchial affections, canuot tty them to soon, OS simiUar troao;p-s, if allowed to pro gress, result in erious Polmoury a .d-Asthma ic affections, ee that the words ' Brow.-i's Bronchia X.oches ' aro.011 the Government tamp around each b'oi. — Prepared by John I. Browa & Sans. Boston TJ. Knropean depot, 33, Forciagdoa Road .Loudon,. \ Eariiid ( ? 'After the Election! What Next?' . On Sunday evening, tet- at the Wesleyaa Church, the Rey-A. D. Bennett (delivered «n .eloquent and stirring sermon to a' good con gregation on the ^bove subject. In hisopen ing Temarks; the preacher stated - that of late important matters' had been engaging the attention of the electors- throughout the -Provi'nce-of South Australia. - Archbishop' -O'Rielly had tried to force to thfr boat- the question of the 'Capitation '--Jrant 5 but T-nly to find that it is nearly .as -dead as Julius Caesar. The Government of the day, without being requested by a single petition from any constituency, had instituted 3 Referendum ia connection with a proposal to extend the Legislative Council Franchishe, with not a very satisfactory result as far as the proposers are concerned. The live national question of Federation, likewise, had been submitted to a .Referendum, with the result - that an unmis takable pronouncement in favor of the Feder ation of the Australian colonies.' 'Last, -but not least, the various electorates of tbe Pro -vince had been called upon to elect their representatives -for- the ensuing parliament* and he ventured -to assert that -last Sunday the uppermost question even amongst church goers was, '. Who has been elected I' which doubtless occupied the attention of the public , far more than all the texts preached from in the various pulpits thronghout .the land. Results had been declared, thanksgiving, and other speeches had been made by successful and unsuccessful candidates. Newly elected representatives have to face their responsi bilities. _ It now remained for individual electors to face theirs. The question for them is, ' After tbe elections ! What next?' The answer is- found in the 'words of the greatest preacher of the ages, ' but seek ye first/he kingdom of God and his righteous ness and all these things shall be added unto you.' First things first, is the demand of Christ. Every life has its supreme aim; money-making is. the aim of the avaricious ; position, and '.£200 a year, and as much more as they can get is the goal of the ambitious ; knowledge is the;chief aim of the intellectual j pleasure, the supreme object of the sensuous. All, and sundry, have the right to seek any of all of these, bat not at the expense of the all-important object announced by Jesus .Christ. ' Seek ye Jirst the kingdom of -jod' did not mean that we are to be always praying and reading our bibles. Christ bad indicated some of the characteristics of the kingdom in His sermon on the mount, and in some of his parables. The mixed character of the king dom here, and the final and absolute separ ation of tie two classes, is set forth by the 'Tares and Wheat.' The growth of the kingdom from smallest beginnings to ultimate universality is the signification of the 'Mustard Seed.' According to St Paul* the kingdom of God is not neat and drink — but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost ! The dominion 'or rule of God here and everywhere, in the individual, in the home, in social' life, in commerce, and in politics, is what men should aim at. In seek ing fiist the kingdom of Cod we- shall be bringing about the new' heaven and new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness. As. members of the kingdom of God we constitute a Christian citizenship, or are Christ's citizens consequently all the life of our citizenship should have its foundation in God, and the subject to the laws of his kingdom, which means being- religious not one day in the ?week, when we wear our Sunday clothes, but seven days in the week, when we live thus — To do God's will, obey the laws of his kingdom and our duty to God and our fellow men, and our life will be on a higher plan than mere concern about what our next meal is going to be, or what the next fashicn is going to be like. . The kingdom of God is not meat and dnnk, but righteousness, peace, and joy in Holy Ghost. Bodily hunger can be satisfied by the butcher and baker for a small amount ; some hunger and thirst can only be satisfied by making God the director of our minds, wills,'and consciences. Sparrows don't fail to the ground unnoticed by. God. ' Ye are of more, value than many sparrows.' Take therefore no thought — be not anxious — about the incidentals of life, such as food and ?doibing.-huLseekye first thejdnguom' of God.''; Place God first in your life is 'the -lesson enjoined, and everthing will- come right in iis own order, aad have its right relation to life generally, 'First things fifst.'-is the motto for all, and the demand of Jesus Christ on the individual and the nation. The Wreck of The Loch Slot. — News was received on Tuesday by wire from Cape Borda of one of the saddest and most thrilling tales of the sea ever recorded in South Australia, and the dailies of next day con tained particulars of the disaster which orcurred off Kangaroo Island on April 24th. The barque LoA Sloy, from Glasgow to Adelaide, with thirty-five souls and a valuable -? cargo of merchandise on board dashed upon the rocks during a squall and became' a total wreck in a few minutes. Only four men reached the shore, and for sixteen days they wandered about the bu^h, living on what they could find to eat. The country along, the southern shores of Kangaroo Island is thickly timbered, the mallec clumps of scrub being rendered as impenetrable as an African jungle by a dense undergrowth, and a creeper which is appropriately named ' Wait-a-bit. ' The stony nature of the ground renders walking difficult, and this accounts for the length of time occupied by the survivors in reaching any settlement and giving news of the disaster. The paihetic and heartrending account of the condition of these four ship-wrecked sailors should awaken sympathy, and if. any person desires to show sympathy in a practical . form, we shall be glad to receive and acknowledge donations towards the relief of the survivors of the Loch Sloy. Dr. McBurney, the eminent musician of Victoria, who is at present visiting South Australia, is to favor Strathalbyn. on Wednes day. May 24th, when he will give one of his delightful entertainments in the local Hall in aid of the Institute Funds. Since he came over. Dr. McBurney has given several of His evenings in Adelaide, and referring to his first one the Register writes : — The doctor's first discourse was appropriately entitled ?' Musi cal By-paths,' for it served to introduce a number of quaint and typical songs of various countries, and in various languages and dia lects. Dr. McBurney has a chatty, taking style, that at once engages the attention of the audience. He interposes his discourse with numerous anecdotes and witty -remarks, and at the same time contrives to impart a - ' vast amount of useful and interesting inform- ? ation. He possesses a sweet and sympathetic light tenor .voice, which he uses artistically, ' . and accompanies himself at the piano with admirable effect First.of all came a patriotic song from the lecturer's own pen, ' To young Australia,' which contains a fine flow of '? melody, and an effective, martial refrain. This was succeeded by a Tamil song, as sung- ? by boatmen in Ceylon — a little musical gem that should be published. A lowland Scotch song, 'Oure kale-yard,' was invested with the requisite humour, and a novelty was a Maori hymn composed by. a young New Zealand student. This, though original, is to a large - extent constructed -upon English models, but the doctor succeeded, it . with a thoroughly original Maori melody, 'Teaching a child' to sing,' which was a most extraordinary wailing, . A sailor's chanty song, vigorous and breezy, was introduced in' an interesting manner, and a Chinese song, given in a quear falsetto, may be placed among the humorous items of the evening. The doctor nest introduced the prize composition of a Japanese- to commem orate the return of the Emperor after the ? recent war ; it is written in a peculiar scale, or mod£, which, was fully explained, hut for the rest it is much like European music The remainder of the programme included D'Alquen's pretty, song -'In sheltered vale,' - one of the earlier Christy Minstrel -songs ' . ' Massa's in the cold ground,' in which Sirs. McBurney lent her assistance, a 'Swedish cradle song,' ' Swedish dance,' Holstain- ? Volkslied, a French song, 'Fleur des Alpes,' * ? ' Mary,' an amusing Irish song, and a clev«r --- vocal imitation of the Queensland corrobboree ' Music.' Mrs. McBurney sang during the evening a pleasing old English lullaby, . ? written 200 years:, ago, entitled 'Golden1 slumbers.' This was given with refinement andjgrace, and loud iy applauded. — We ' hope to see a very large attendance at the Institute on Wednesday, May 24th. ' Fifteen Years Ago.— It is not nfecessary to look back many years, says 755! Bits, to 'find men whose names are household words to-day, And who have achieved both fame and for tune, occupying obscure positions and giving no indication of the brilliant future that -was awaiting them. Fifeen years'^go Dr. Oman Doyle was industriously working up a medical practice, with all the attendant hard work and struggle, at Southsea. His. pen- was at yet untried, and he seemed destined to Uve and die a country doctor.- It was four years later when he was tempted to try his 'prentice hand at writing, with what result the world and lus bankers know. When Conan Doyle was dispensing- physic at Southsea, Mr. S. R. ( Crockett could not even claim the doutfel , position of ' A Stickit Minister,' for it was only in 1886 that he entered the Free Church of Scotland,'in which he served an appren ticeship of seven long years before he found that his vocation lay with the pen rather than in the pulpit. At this time, too, only fifteen yearsiago, ' Ian Maclaren'had not won popu larity as minister of Sefton . Park Church, Liverpool ; but for a dozen more years his pen was -engaged in writing sermons before it' turned to the pathos and beauty of ' Beside the Bonnie Brier Busfa.' Hall Caine, who can now rely on making his own weight in . gold out of a single novel, was quite unknown fifteen years ago. Afteryears-of illpaidjoum alism inJLiverpool, He had come to London to be Dante Rossetti's private secretary, and to find scope and inspiration for the gifts that were in him. The change of environment worked a miracle ; for, in 1885, his powerful ' Shadow of a Crime ' introduced a new ' prophet ' to the world of readers. Fifteen .years ago Anthony Hope was a -scholar af Balliol, and his only ambition was to follow in the footsteps of his uncle, Sfri. Henry Hawkins, as he then was. It was not until iSgo that he proved himself ' a man of mark ' in quite another field field of labour. In 1S84 Stanley Weyman, the gifted author of so many historical novels, was waiting for briefs in Dr. Johnson's Buildings, and did not even attempt to solace his waiting hours by ' trying his hand ' at fiction, of which he is now such a master. Rudyard Kipling, in the early eighties, was assitant editor of the Indian * Pioneer 'on many less rupees a month than he now earns pounds a week. He wasivriting his ' Departmental Ditties ' in his few spare moments, and hoped some day, as the height of his ambition, to induce the world to read theoi in book-form. Rider Haggard had already written one book : ' Cetywayo and -His White Neighbours,' and published it at a loss of jf 50; and was on the verge of pub lishing ' Dawn ' at a net profiit of j£'io for a year's hard work. Fifteen years ago Madame Sarah Grand was rambling the world over with her soldier-doctor husband, and only vaguely mapping out a novel wnich the world, now knows as ' Ideala.' Olive Schreiner was dreaming dreams in the solitude of the veldt, and the ' Story of an African Farm ' was ? gradually asserting its presence in her brain Mrs. Humphry Ward -was too busy with domestic cares to recognise the genius that was waking in her, and had been content to write only a simple child's story ; and Mrs. F. A. Steel was an Indian ' mem-sahib,' with never a thought of pen or fame. The same story may be told of scores of men now world famous in other fields of effort. The present Viceroy of India -was reading for his B.A. degree at Oxford in 18S4, and was already looking forward to an apprenticeship to poli tics, which began in the following year as assistant private secretary to Lord Salisbury ; Sir Alfred Milnerwasa hard-worked sub-editor of the ' Pall Mall Gazette,' with never a dream of the days when he would be ' His Excell cency ' and High Commissioner of South Africa ; and Lord Kitchener was a cavalry major in Egypt, after a spell of obscure, if useful, survey work in Cyprus. The Lakgest Family In The World. — It seems almost incredible that they are living to-day six brothers and sisters whose descend- . ants are almost numerous enough to re-people Windsor, and who number many more than the entire population of Carmarthen. The father of these prolific children was a man of of the name of Webb, the first settler sn the Cumberland district of Kentucky, which is, now almost entirely peopled by Us offspring. The palm of fecundity goes to his eldest son, Jason, the third of the family, who has lived to see no fewer than 333 of his descendants. Jason, who now numbers eighty vears, and more than five times as many offspring, began his Tecord -with 19 children : from these sprang 175 grandchildren, 150 greatgrand children, and 100 great-great-grandchildren. Jason's vounger brother Miles, a hale old man of seventy-eight, who is as full of vigour as any of his progeny, also has over 400 descend ants, including 165 grandchildren, 150 great grandchildren, and 90 ef the fourth generation. ' Aunt Polly,*, the second child of the parri ajchal Webb, ranks third as a prolific parent. She had ten children, no grand children, 70 great- grandchildren, and 40 great great- grandchildren, making a total of 230 descend ants. Three alone of ' Old Webb's' children are thus responsible for many more than 1,000 descendants. ' Aunt Sally,' another daughter, an active old lady of seventy-five, has 208 descendants, including 13 of the first generation 80 of the second, 65 of the third, and half ahundred of the fourth. The Eldest child and daughter. 'Aunt Letty,' who is in her ninetieth year, scores a more modest total of 2CI, with XI children, and 90, 60, and 40 of the succeeding generations respectively. The your.gest child is the least prolific of all ; but even lie can boast a total of 166 who owe their existence to him. He has 1 1 children, 75 grandchildren, 50 great-grandchildren, and 30 of the next generation. By blood and sffinity there are no fewer than 17,000 people n Kentucky who are included in this family old which is beyond dispute, the largest in the world.— Tu Bits. 