Visit of General Booth. Enthusiastic Reception. ADDRESS IN THE VICTORIA THEATRE. General Booth, the founder and .leader of the world-wide and world- famned organlsn tion, the Salvation Army, visited Newcastle yesterday alfter an absence of about five years. Hundreds of men, womeni; and chil dren waited in the vicinity of the Newcastle railway station for the arrival of the mid day ltsin, and the aged warrior chief of the Salvation Army. But they were keenly dis appointed, for the mail train arrived inNew castle without the General; who, being fatigued by recent very heavy work, sought to avoid a demonstration by leaving the train at lHamilton. "From Hamilton the General was driven to "Arnott Holme," layfield, where, as the guest of Mr. 'V.'Ar noti, senll., the "blood and fire"-chieftain prepared himself for his evening's w rk by resting, the General was accompanied, from Syd ney by his son, Coimnmdant Herbert Booth (Australasian leader of the Army), Commis sioner 'ollard (repreesenative of tnterna tlonial eadqnarters, Ldndoi), Colonel Law lay, and Adjutant Barrett (the General's private secretary), Colonel Hosalins (in charge of the Army in New South Wales), Brigadier Unsworth (training secretary), Brigadier Kyle (social secretary), Majors Wessherg. Morgan, Graham, and Staff-cap tains Albiston, Baird, and Jago (controlling the Newcastle and district forces): together with a large number of ordinary 'soldiers.' Fired by the fnat that their beloved Gene ral was with them in.person (though always in mind) the officers and soldiers and lassies of the City, Wallsend, Lambton, Mere wether, Stockton, and other district corps, made the day one for special rejoicing. Sal vationlsts proclaimed by the attractive ,uni forms and beaming countenances were to be seen In every street of the city-until even ing, when they were all to be found In the Victoria Theatre. The doors of the Victoria Theatre were opened early ini the evening, and for about two hours persons of all ages, all classes, and all creeds entered the builling, the audience at 8 o'clock flliing all parts of the house. On the platform, which was arrang ed in the usual Salvation Army manner, were the General's otlfeers, several Salva tion lassies, and the local Army Band. In inearly every respect'tile service resembled the orditary Salvation Army meeting. The p oceedlngs Wiere opented by the hearty sing ing of a bymn and Major Grahanmt's prayer. Mr. \V. Arnott, who presided, theou an nounced'that the General would deliver an address, entitled "Lessons of Mly Life." Wildly enthusiastic applause, mingled with cries of "HalleluJah" and "God Bless the General," rang through the building as the tall, aged, bowed figure of the great or ganlser crossed the platform. The Salva tlonists on the platform and in the hall Iheartily "fired a volley." The loud and continued cheering having ceased, tile general, itn i voice broklen by the strain oft llay years' hard work, yet still mtusical and forcible, said that he had always been heartily weleotmted in the ofl Newcastle (the Newcastle of nligland), and he had been greeted. with the same warm expressions of synmpathy and affec tion by the people of the lnodern Nowcastle on each occasion of his visits to their In teovsting city. (Applnase.) He hoped that this Newcastle would be tan imnprovement oh the old New\castle, not only with regard to the Salvation Army, but to all those great principles and rules that the Salva tion Army had raised up in order to press upon the attention of an unthinking world. (Applause.) God had been pleased to place on him t mighty responsibility, and as a reward hes was greeted at every turn of hils career by the approval of all classes. But he did not take those expressions of approval, those enthusiastic greethigB whidh be had received in this eountry and wherever he travelled, so much for ima self as for the great movemenet with which he was connected. (Applause.) The Sal vation Armny deserved well front the pee ple. for whom she laboured, and amongst whom her flag waved. The Army worked for the poor, tle outcast, and the help less, and was difrald of the ?sunlt of no investigation. Her Intentlons were traus parent. They should not judi?t thle Sal vation Army by putilic oplinion (that was a doubtful authorlty and a chengeful Jade, one day covering your path with beautiful flowers, ?ed :sntother day dragging you into ignominy andl e?ecifixion). They shousld judge her filrly. lenlembering the good she had done, and tto good that was heine done. (Ad.-allusea) Walter Besant wrote of the Salva(ion Army that it was the most remarilcible Iihlzhmthropic movement of the century. Every man with sumoicient sense and allttty to.traderstand, and willing to take the troliblet'o Inquire into the working of the institutlim, would conme to a similar conaslslion. (Applause.) The praise the Army hlu received was well deserved. (Al plamso)) Ioe wes oniy like it straw in the tist?rm. Bultthe Ilad the .o-cperation of ia nustiificent .arrsy of olcers and soldiers iritnilltllm. amad If there were aly human einlltditeo'to he10 Armly it must be given thrn, ,not him. The Salvationist was al wats 'engaged in his Master's business. Tlsey n smishe'lgne devil's traps, and helped God 'tothrelk them up, and should be Judged not by the extent of their outward acti vity, hid. by'tlhir work nsmoagst tie help less. the wounds healed, thie men and wo mea rescued eronl the streets malser', itth. itlln sin. IAtpplnause.) Theirs wse 'at faith andl work'that inspired men and wo men ith tho' love of Christ, love of God, and the love of human kind. (Aiplnase.) tn vihon dirt time at lls disposal lie could rotvvlt ,to thtem nothing lihe an adequate dlena O What theS llation Army had done, ois oilng, and "was moulding and fashlbm - log herself to do hi the future. The Army was only a ehild, not yet t perlfel t Instlit tlon. The diolld was; father of thle man, atnd knowing what tile Arnily hids already anc caonsisldhsed, they outld feorl some idet of nhat tle tman ( the full grown Army) was goimng to he like. Thio retpeler referrlm i to ihe almomunt of crime ani pm'erty in tSe older countries and the Unitel States, an tihe growth of the submergedl mlasses Jin tie Australlea colonies. There was a vast fiell for more workers than tle Salvatllon Army eouhld pirovle. Tihe haonlest hearis couldi be soft •ned tlnd moro lmisery reliered, for there was n power (thle 1iower of the Holy Ghost) thlit would make n fallen mnl at gentlemano, and, what was better tlhan a gentleman-a Sailvantiolst. (Applause and laughter.) He would say to the Christian man, "If you have any desire to save the soills of tile pauper and the cilmlnnl you will have to do somethitg for their bodies and improve their circumstances. (Applnalse.) If you won't you had better not Interfere witht them andi let them die." The General described the systeon by whicht the fallen were rescuied, giving sta tistlecl Information respecting the Armiy's st elngth andl tle power ann utility of all tile arals of tile service. In conlcluslon, the Gcieral appealed strongly to all soldiers to contiinie to do thelr best to Improve the physlenl and psiritual condltion of their fellows, and be true to their rod and faitlh. (Loultd ap pitteic.) A collection having been made Com umndant Bootl anid that ie would nmake an effort to have a Hielter establlshed In New cantle In 'coiimlneminotlon of the General's 70th birthday and his visit to Newcnstle. (Applause.) A vote of thnilks to thi chairman was carried by acclamation. Mr. Arnott, 'n acknowedling the vote, re ferred to General Booth'as the "world'o griand oled man." The Genoral and staff left for Brisbane by last night's asll. I 