CORRESPONDENCE. OUR VOLUNTEERS. TO THE EDITOR. SIR,—I think your correspondent " Vigilant" must have been asleep for some time and have suddenly woke up with an intense desire to kick somebody or anybody, or something, He has, unfortunately, for the credit of his intelligence, ehosen a subject ofjwhich he knows very little—in fact I don't think " Vigilant " has ever been a volunteer. The fetes and feastings have had no attraction for him. His suffering country has bled too profusely already, and some self-sacrificing hero, without a red coat, was required to pose (in print) as a stern martyr to duty and retrenchment, and he trots out himself. Now, if as your correspondent says, training in the volunteers makes smart, active fellows of what otherwise might become loutish poltroons, why does he attempt to ridicule them and bring contempt on the organisation, with the pos- sible result of deterring likely young men from joining the ranks. Does " Vigilant think the British and Colonial Governments countenance and support the movement simply for the fun of the thing ? Does he imagine the British Government send out highly trained and distinguished officers, aided by a splendid staff of experienced warrant officers for training purposes just to fete and feast themselves ? I hope not. If he does, I can assure him from a ten years experience that he is greatly mistaken. Camping out for battalion and brigade manoeuvring is not all beer and skittles. Certainly, the men enjoy themselves to the best of their ability when they are oft duty, the same as soldiers and volunteers do everywhere. Why shouldn't they ? But when they are on duty that duty has to be done, and done to the satisfaction of men who know when it is done properly, and will see that it is so. Of course, it cannot be expected that in a small and isolated place like this, the same proficiency can be obtained as in larger countries, but time and increasing population will remedy that. I would advise ''Vigilant" if he wishes to value volunteer work properly to read the " Army & Navy Gazette," the " Navy & Army," " Lloyd's Weekly." and other kindred publications, and he will get some small idea of the immense amount of work done by the volunteer army all over the British Empire, and especially in the Home Districts. Every branch is enthusiastically worked up with unflagging energy. Musketry, engineering, signalling, ambulance, and every other department is studied and practised under the guidance of the most aecomplshed officers of the day, until the movement is now universally recog- nised as part and parcel of British national life. It is a well-known axiom in military circles and generally believed in by civilians that British soldiers can go anywhere, and do anything, and I believe our volunteers are made pretty much of the same stufl, but what sane reason can " Vigilant" give for asking them to do camp and other duties on stale bread, salt beef, and brackish water, when there is not the ghost of a necessity for it ? Would "Vigilant" do it ? I don't think so. He is evidently not built that way. It is bad enough to undergo hardship when it is necessary, and I believe the volunteers would be all there if it was, but I don't think they are asinine enough to do it while living in the midst of plenty. Let me adyise " Vigilant" when next he addresses you on this or any other matter, to try and write some good sound common sense and avoid rubbish like stale bread and brackish water. One word more and I have done. " Vigilant," after giving our volunteers fits (jointly and severa-llv") about their cowardice in the face of stale buns,. &c.; r actually has the cool effrontery to say that he does not mean one word of disparagement against them. Could anything beat this for cast iron cheek or lunacy—which is it ? I think some redeemed loutish poltroon of a Geraldton Volunteer must hare stolen his best Sunday girl. Yours, &c.;, J.B. Late 3rd, L.R.V., 