My Post Bag'. Saored Heart School, Darlinghurst, Dear Playmate, —I am writing to you. a short aooount of how a sixpence travelled. When this sixpenoo was first made at the mint it wus beautiful and shining. It was bhen taken to the bank, and a rich man wont to bhe bank for ohango of a pound, and amongst tho change was tho beautiful sixpence He put it in his pocket with bhe rest of the ohange. Next morning when he was tjoinc to town to attend his business his boots got dirty with the mud, and when he oame to the first bootblack he told him that he wanted his boots oloanod. When tho man had finished cleaning the boots the gentleman said, ' How much do you charge ?' The poor man answered, ' Three ponce, please,' So tho gentleman put his hand in his pocket and pulled out bhe beau tiful eixponoe. The shoe-black gave him three ooppers change,' and then they parted. As soon as bho man gob bhe sixponoe he was bo joyous that he hurried home with ib to his wife. VV hen she gob ib she wonb sbraighb to the butohbr's to get some meat for bhe toa. Whilst' she was at bhe butohor's bhe sixpence was knocked off bho counter, and it foil clown a hole and could nob bo found again, and this was tho end of the boaubiful and Bhiniug sixpenoo. John A, Rocjhk, Aooopt my congratulations, John, Yoiir simple little story ia indeed original, and I hope you will continue, On Thm Btahq Mountains, 'Tho firsb sight wo gob of bho Blue Mountains waa from tho train after passing Bluokbown, and they loomed away beyond tho plains in amisbof blue, PasBing Ponribh tho, train rushed over the Nepoan river bridgo, and wo got a 'sight of thab famous river, and bhen bho ascent bogan, Afber coming out of a groat tunnel wo got a Bplendid view of bhe Emu Plains behind, with farms and houses, and Ponribh in bho disbanoo. and tho lovely Nopoan winding about, bill it is lost in: bho mountains, And bhen wo oaughb a glimpse of Sir Henry PavkoB* grave ab Fauloonbrklge, where he lies buried on tho mounbaim lie lovod so muah, In a shorb tjmo wo wore fairly on the mountains, and bhen deep gullioa anch immonso rooks covered with groat forests of, gum btoos appeared on all Bides* Tho brain pulled up at lasb at ICaboombu, whioh is bhe mosb central place on bho mounbains, and waa our homo for 'a forbnighb, Ib would take too long to dosoribo tho various water falls and sights whioh I saw thoro, Bub I will boll you of a glorious view wo had ab bho Narrow Nook, The Narrow Nook is a groab narrow ridge jutting oub into and separating bho two valloys — JamioHon and Mogalong. Tho rooks Burrounding thoao valleys and also at tho Valloy of tho Groso, Blackhoabh, are, wo aro bold, bho ntoopont in tho world, Looking from this groat height, about 2000 foot down ipto Mogalong, wore patohoB of bright groon oropa Bhiniug nmongnb tho dark trooB, a few houooo look ing like toys, and tho bridle track leading to the Jenohn Caves. This track loads into the valley through the pass, Nelly's Glen, whioh is one of the prettiest places on the mountains. On the other side, we saw tho frightful Jamioson Valley, hemmed in on every side by terrible preoipes. Rev. Father Curran tells us that the Blue Mountains are the ruins of enormous mountains collapsed to their present state, and I suppose that in tumbling in they have split up into these dreadful gorges and precipices.' J. P. Doyo3. Marist Brothers' School, Sacred Heart. I am sure all playmates will find J. P. Doyle's brief description of his trip to the mountains very interesting. ? I wish all boys and girls would imitate his example, and learn to use their eyes when they travel, bo as to be able to carry homo with them im pressions of the magnificent scenery. I wonder how many are studying Father Curran's excellent book on the geology of of Sydney 1 As I said before it is as inter esting and as simple and beautiful as a fairy tale. Rocky Point-road, ICogarah. Dear Playmate,— I was very muoh pleased to see my first letter published. Bub I muBt also say that I waa very much disappointed to see that I have not been welcomed to your playground. I have been working very hard this week to try and solve this batch of purales, and I hope I will suooeed. I have no more to say this week, so good bye, Playmate. Wishing every success to tho 'Catholic Pross,' I am, yours affec tionately, Maky Byrnes. What made Mary think she wasn't wel come ? Of course Bhe is, but sometimes there is not sufficient space to welcome playmates individually. When letters are published it means that the Bonders are very welcome. Why, playmate Mary, who is only 7 years old, and therefore our youngest playmato, is quite bho pet of bhe playground and of her affeobionabe Playmate. Rozolle, Augusb 11. Dear Playmate, — This is my fii'Bt letter bo you, and I hope you will be pleased wibh ib. I have been thinking of writing for a long time. I go to St, Joseph's School. On bho 15th of this month tho children, both boys and girls to the number of 123, will make their first Holy Communion in St. Joseph's Church. The Holy Sacrament of Confirma tion was administorod on the 22nd of June, about .150 receiving tho Holy Ghost. I have often solved the puzzles but was doubt ful of their correctness, thoroforo I novor sent them in. Wishing the ' Catholio Press ' ovory suoooss, — I remain, dear Play mate, your fond playmate, Abthur Duo oan. '?. I hope, Arthur, this will nob bo your last letter, and thab your schoolmates will follow your oxample, Rookvalo, Reedy Creek, Aug. 8, Dear Playmate,-— I am indeod very aorry for not wribing to you before this, as I know you have beon waiting for a lebber from mo this long time. You asked mo tho last time I wrobo to wribe on ' bhe description of bho plaoo where I live.' Now, I will do so wibh tho greatest of ploasuro. We have a pretty little place, whioh is sltuabed between Wavialda and Invorell. Ib ia aboub 20 milos to oibhor-town, bub ib doop nob take long bo drive }n with a sulky and a good horao, Invoroll 1b a flourishing libblo town ship, aibuabpd on the M'lnbyro River, It is iv very pretty part of bhe oountry, and bho many hundreds of beautiful groon farms around malt® it look boautiful. Ib is bordorod with towering hills, which got bluer and bluer in bho distance. Warialda is a muoh smaller bown than Invoroll, and is builb on a muoh poorer part of the country, When, wo go bhoro, on tho way wo aoo nothing but sand and pino-broo Borubs, but when wo go to InverelJ, there aro beautiful fttrmB nearly all tho way in, arid very libblo poor oounbry. Roody Crook, whioh also passes Warialda, runs a milo and a half from our place, Roedy Crook abation ip aboub bho samo distance from bore, and is oallod after the orook, for It is built close againab it, bub nob oloso enough for a flood bo reach it. Thoro aro some fine ornamonttvl ireos planted thoro, basidos tho beautiful and graoofu.1 willow troos whioh grow along bho banlcs, bhoir long groon branohoa Bbroboh ing down to tho fresh water bolow. Thoy also koop a moat lovoly collection of ilowoi'H, among which roaoa are tho moot plentiful. Thoy have no Iohs than 20 different Itindn. Mot'hor and I wore down not long ago, and Mrs. Farrand gavo un many' ldndn of cuttings, whioh wo planted vory oarofully in our garden. Sho lcoopii a hothouuo full of all kinds of llowom, mid watorii thorn ovory day, which koopn them 1'rofih all tho year round. And, oh, nuoh iloworti ; you oould look at thorn all any long. You ought to eotno up, dour Playniato, uud wo shall tako a drive down, bub I uuppouo you have muoh moor onou in Sydnoy. The Moree-Inverell railway line ia being laid now, and we oan hear bhe blasts going off, for ib is only a mile and d half from here. The station house is to be pub up ? three miles from here, where some of the men are working now. It may be finished in aboub two years, and then you must come up and see us and the Now England oountry. I think it would be a very nice trip for you. Hoping that you may be pleased with my letter, and that it may not be unworthy of publication, I am, your loving playmate, Frank Stionz. ; I am exceedingly pleased wibh your inter esting letter and, Frank, I heartily thank you for tho generous invitation. Yes, Frank, we are never without flowers, and I wish you could only got a peep ab some of our streets just now. They are simply dazzling ! Ranked in bhe greatest order aro boys and girls and even old men each , with a basket laden with fragrant flowers. Some have violets and jonquils, some lovely golden wattle and ferns, others marguerites, and dear me 1 I couldn't enumerate all tho sweet-smelling varieties, which are readily boughb by the fair passers-by. Edna, 106 Wells-sbreeb, Nowtown. Dear Playmate,— As this is my first time' of wribing to you, I hope you will be pleased with tho sacred song 1 am sending to you. It is oalled 'The Holy MasB,' and I am sure some of our playmates will like ib. — I remain, yours brufy, NfflrjLIM.DOYLM. Age 11 years. St. Mary's School, Erskinville. I am indeed ploasod with your libble nobe1 Nellie and thankful for bhe pretty saored song. I shall be glad to hear from you' again. - 