[Ah. Kiohts Rkseeted.] BLACK JACK OF WILIARD'S OHASE. f Willard's Chase, part of the New f oresS, frhich at one time embraced half Dorset, Hampshire, and Wiltshire, is full of hills, which towards Dorsetshire, turns to bare downs, with here and there a beech of clump trees and dwarf oaks on a knoll, and a Bun ken line that indicates an ancient British pathway or an old Human road leading to Up a. low grassy track, called in Wiltshire, ' ffidrives,' and round a Bhaulder oE the rolling do vtn where three lines of grassy ram part showed, that a Roman camp had once stood there, uppn a September. evening » few years ago, a young fellow wended his way slowly and thoughtfully, and in a deep reverie.^ A sturdy keeper— the wanderer — had his gun on his shoulder and his dog at his heels. ? ': ' He was a line well built young son of Britain of about two or three and twenty, his face shrewd and defiant, his step firm and light. ? His'brown : velvet Bhooting jacket was worn almost white on the right shoulder, whilst the gray felt hat he had thrust rather jauntily on one side of his head, bore traces of hard service in many a storm. - There was a peculiar half -smile on his face that evening— an expectant kind of glance, as he scanned the woodlands and copses ecuttcred here and thcie below him. Suddenly a little figure ran round a ring af Diuidical stones, and waved a handker fiiief. Thoyoung man started and held up bis gun, and' .then like a deer bounding down into the hollow was met at its base by a laughing rosy -cheeked girl. Fair-haired. and bluc-cyed, the 'young maiden betrayed no oigu of alarm as the sturdy handsome young &ueper; caught her in his arms. ' You are late, Harry for sure,' Bhe ex 0Kolaimed, in leply , to a dozen kisses bes gawed on her pretty lips as red. as cherries. '. ' A nice gallant- lover. ! I'm ashamed of jon, sir! I veDturcd on, the way and yet gwu've only just come up. Thought you'd have met me in the deep- hollow copse. 1 bid behind tho witches' oak.thinking-.to jump out upon you like a ghost !'. 41 A very substantial ghost, Hetty. Would make a ghost many a fellow would give some thing to be haunted by, I- swear.' More kisses here followed, which extorted an ejaculation of ' Do-a-done, Harry.' : ?' Say, llcUjf,' at length exclaimed the ardent lover in a serious tone, ' have you heard there was another buck killed last night by the River Oak ?.' - ' ' But that' was ; not your, walk- last night, .- Harry.' . - V .'. No; you remember I told you.pld Teddy Jakes would exchange .with me; ? . It's that ruffian, Black Jack, again. I owe him a debt, and would give a year's__wages to have my lingers laced about his. throat. I'd Btrangle him and save the hangman trouble later on.' ? ' ' Oh, Harry, don't! Pray don't look like that. You look— you look — downright ugly, there!' ' I can't help it, dear, I get so savage when I think of that villain's crime a year ago. When killing his victim he got off by a too lenient sentence of manslaughter. Now, listen to me, Hetty.' The young fellow; taking the pretty little dimpled hands of his companion within his own, here sat her down beside him on the grass. ' You put me in mini now, Harry, of the Judge at the 'Sizes^ Whatever is the matter ? Oh, I do feel so frightened, sure!' exclaimed the girl, laughing loudly, showing a set of teeth that glistened like pearls in her ruby little rosebud mouth. 'Don't langh, Hetty, dear, for 1 want to 6alk seriously to you,' said her lover, as still holding her hands firmly clasped within hi» ?wn, he looked fondly into her bright blue ?yes. ' Now tell me, dearest, did you men tion to anyone that I and Teddy Jakes are going to change walks ? The poachers and deerstealera have heard of it, and they can do what they like with Jakes when they onse get him to the .Pyed Bull; you know what a drunkard he is: you know how he drinks.' ' Am I on my oath— really to tell you the boneBt tiuth, and nothing bat the truth ?' cried the laughing girl, as she shook her lover's hand up and down. ' You must tell me the truth— yes, Hetty.' ' And you'won't be croBS or angry ?'' ' How could'I be with you, darling ?'? 'Well, then, I did' tell about the walks being changed, but I can't tell you who that party was I mentioned it to.' ' But I must know who was your confi dant, Helty; I can do nothing without the information.' ' ' . ' ' Well, it wasn't a deer-Btealer, Harry.arid it wasn't Black Jack.' ' Don't suppose it was, pet; but seriously, it is no laughing matter to me. If this thing goes on I shall lose my character with Lord Rivers, so you must be explicit with me, my dear girl, for I must get a clue to these Vagabonds.' ' -- ' 1 ' Must I tell you, Harry?' There was a Sorrowful, regretful tone in the voice of the maiden now. ' : .'?.-? 'If you love me, Hetty, you will tell rue fchetruth.' ? ? ? ' ; - ' And you won't be cross with me?' ?: Cross with you, pet?— no. I am con vinced it was' tho knowledge of the change lost us that buck last night. Tell me at once ?ho you mentioned it to.' r ' Can't you guess, Harry, dear?' ' I've not the faintest idas, Hetty. ' ' Well, it was to my brother Luke,' said the girl, all the mirth dying out of her face now. .'??'- 'Your brother!' gasped her lover, his hand shaking so that he almost dropped his juu. ' The Pyed Bull is Luke's favourite hunl, and 'tis there the poaching gang meet I've long suspected. ' ' Yes, and my brother, the same as Jakes, 1b ever craving for drink, Harry, and I sup pose he let out what I told him when he was intoxicated.' ?' Without a doubt, Hetty! Poor Luke! Bcarce more than a boy,his love of liquor will be his ruin; his case is worse than Jakes, as the latter is an old man. However, this will be a caution to yon, darling, not to repose confidence in your brother again. ? When the wine's in the wit's out,' and this kolds good with strong ales. And now I'll tell yon another secret, dear one,' — with a Buiried kiss the young man moved to go — ?? Teddy Jakes and I do not change to-nightj We have orders frpm the ranger to retain our UBual poBts. So if the poachers are v.p to »ny more mischief, they'll come to grief. Mind, Hetty, not a word, even to tho very Sir. Good-bye, my sweet pet, I wish J could g» back with you, but I cannot.' 'And is this the way you_are going toJeave Bte V pouted the young beauty. ?' It is almost a matter of life and -death, Setty, and if you love me you wouldnc*t wish t» keep me. I shall see or hear of the deer Besfces at the Pyed Bull, and tWl then know what to do. ' & * . ' Oh, do not go after-them, Hai.., i31ack lack will kill you; he fears nothing.' ?' 2To more do I, Hetty, .there. Good-bye, pve; don't cry, don't be foolishJ' he ex (SfeKaeA. as he now clasped hojflakiajarmaji ?* Fm «a the track of the sang, now.1 Wish me success, dear girl.' ' I do, Harry, I do; but, oh ! I have an awful feeling of something terrible about to happen.' And now, as tho young keeper bounded awav. Hettv sank down unon the grass, weeping and sobbing in a very par oxysm of grief and alarm. A sharp run across the downs meanwhile, soon brought the young keeper to a hilly Bpot that commanded a good view around and a clear sight of the inn, the Pyed Bull, known by woodmen many a mile away. Standing on the 3ummit of the hill, his eyes bright and keen, Harry discerned four men congregated at the door of the inn, all of whom were pointing across the road to a high field near a wood on the opposite side. A few minutes after the astute and deter mined keeper had reached tho little village public house, and making his way into the bar as he had suspected, found seated with some half-dozen loafers, his follow keeper, the old man, Teddy Jakes, who, half drunk, was shouting out the scraps of a hunting Bong. By the fire, with his back to the door, sat a stalwart lad, Hetty's reprobate brother, in close confabulation with a short, red, bearded man, a well-known comrade of tha noted desperado and poacher Jack Ingle dew, or Black Jack, as he waB called. ' Why, blessed if Harry Dudley ain't jined us,' cried the inebriated Jakes, who, staggering forwards, clapped, his companion on the back, exclaiming, in thick, guttural accents: : ' We've had the ranger here, Harry, boy, swearing about that buck that was killed yesterday. I did'nt let out as it war Black Jack's doings, though; Jack always squares 'it with 'me, Harry, and so he will with you.' 'Ill square with mm, JaKes, by putting him in a hole he won't get out of in a hurry!' muttered the young keeper, with frowning brow. ' Don'tee meddle with 'un,Barry;'fies a dead Bhot, and he's sworn he'll kill the first man who lays hands on him. He said it of you lad, not half an hour ago in thiBvery bar.' ' '''? ' ' ' . . '?''' ?;? ' '/ -1 .- ' ' Ha! yon' ve had the ruffian here,.then, as I Buspected, and' he*B. nowaway in Audley Woods, but I'll have him!' cried the young keeper, as with flashing eyes he made for the door.: --?-.:'-.'-;?- -?.... ..-..-.???.: — . . ? The half-drunken crowd, along with the affrighted Jakes, now endeavoured to keep the excited young- man back, but, shaking them off, Harry Dudley was out at the door, down the road, and flying towards the adja cent woods in a moment of time. ' \- This place, Audley Woods and Walk, was a favourite haunt of the deer, being full of coverts and lurking places.'and- full of leafy holly, the deer's favourite food. The scattered woodlands and copses abounded in hazel and young beech, and the fern grew thicker on the slopes and. round the hedgerows than in other parts of the deep woods. . -' . Gaining, after half-ah-hour's sharp walk ing, some high ground, Harry, casting bis eye towards an hedgerow, perceived, two men walking slowly by the side of it, one, as far as he could distinguish at such a disatnee, carrying a gun. .. With compisesed lips and knitted brow, the enraged young keeper stood for a moment glaring at the two poachersyand then without further hesitation darted off in parBuit of them. ' Past six o'clock there *vas only a dim, shadowy light in the woods, and it was with some difficulty Harry kept the two figure in Bight, to his chagrin the poachers pre sently both disappearing through a gap in a tall, thick hedge. '.'.''.... .'.'.' lUgbt ahead he now unhesitatingly rushed, and ia a few moments wa3 in the gap, and brushing away the hazels, to hiB amaze, almost; butted against a man ?who was quietly standing smoking a pipe, with his hand3 in bis pockets. ..'-?'.'. The shrewd young keeper fancied he could daect, the device. Thu fellow so unconcernedly' smoking his pipe was screening and covering his mate' on1 ahead, and that other man, Harry intuitively felt, was the ruffian h'e wanted — the deer stealer who had Bworn to take his life— the poacher, Black Jack ! . The daring young keeper resolved imme diaely upon his course. There was a great prize to win, whatever the risk might be. Bru?hing past the fellow w.ith the pipe (who grumbled something sullenly), Harry hurried on. Presently, after gaining a sort' or stubble field, he could discern nothing of the man with the gun, but dashing on reck lessly now, for his blood was up, he caught sight at last of someone creeping along under a hedge about fifty yards ahead. A loud mocking laugh now woke up the stillness of the scene, and in another moment the creeping figure had started up. A giant of a man over«ix feet, with volu minous black beard and whiskers shrouding his mahogany-tinted visage, menacingly con fronted the gamekeeper, a gun pointed directly at his head. With a thrill Harry Dudley, as the deadly tube was presented at him, raised his own rifle to his shoulcler, but, before he could take aim at his deadly foe, a sharp crack was fol lowed by a whistling ping over his head, a streak as of flame passing across his' scalp, whilst his felt hat whirled away like a wisp of straw. Staggering back with the idea that, he was mortally hit, the young keeper was saved from a second discharge by tumbling into a small hollow. Again now that mocking, jeering laugh rang in the air, and then as Harry rose partly on his feet, muscular arms wottnd around his chest with the strength and hug of a grizzly bear. Having made the discovery a second of time before that the bullet of the murderous poacher had only graed his scalp, he now pre pared in wild, tierce rage for a struggle to the death with his enemy. Not a word was spoken by the infuriated antagonists. The stalwart young keeper knew that he had to fight for it or his hour had come, and in rage and desperation he struggled in the embrace of the bloodthiisty poasher, the renowned and merciless Black Jack. A. practised wrestler, Harry held his own until his brutal and ferocious antagonist with his heavy-tipped boots kicked at his legs, slashing the flesh at every lunge as though it had been cut with a reaping hook. ' Not content with this barbarous feat, as both come to the ground, the deer-slayer, with a savage howl.tixed his teeth like a bulfc dog into the neck of his adversary. Sick and faint from loss of blood and tka tierce struggle, Harry had nearly lost all coi?-- sciousness, as locked in the other's mad euV brace, he presently fell with him into a deej* dark rent or hole in the earth. Giddy and' bruised, released from the deadly grip of his mad foe, Harry remained for some minutes with the same sort of feeling one has upon awakening from a bad dream. The first thiDg that roused him to his full senses was the strange quietude of his tierce companion. And now, as he pushed away from his breast one of those murderous huge hands tnat had gripped him so tenaciously shortly before, he started up with a cry of horror. The hand he thrust away had felt very cold to his touch. _ 'Had felt like a hand of the dead. There as only a faint pale light in the well liJre cavity, and, stooping down quite close to ths doubled cp heap beside him, Harry perseiv©3 in a moment that he was alone with deaSh. Earing !a abent position, his face a ghastly blue and purple. Black Jack, the desperado ? ami poacher, had been stricken suddenly out of life. His race was run; his murderous I attack upon the young gamekeeper his last ' crime. Jjalling underneath the body of iris youth iZ5 antagonist, Black Jack had broken hia IKK&-— feail gone to his account with all his sins upon his head and in the attempt to coauait another deed of blool I (The End.) 