LONDON NOTES. Mr. William Nicholson, the young artist who has come into fame by his strong lithographs, and has already founded a school, is out with another series of his remarkable drawings. This time he has enlisted the pen of Mr. W. E. Henley. In his former volume on sport he had the aid of Mr. Rudyard Kipling. The book, which, as with Mr. Nicholson's earlier series, is published by Mr. Heinemann, is called "London Types." It contains, including the cover-13 lithographs of London characteristic figures. Four are mili- tary-the guardsman, the beefeater, the police- man, and the drum-major. Of women, he gives us four --- coster, lady, flowergirl, and bar- maid. That leaves five miscellaneous, such as the bluecoat boy, the hawker, the sandwich man, newsboy, and 'bus driver. Not all these are equally successful. The figure called lady is not that of a lady ; it is, as Mr. Henley's verso convoys, tho lady of the camellias. But his throe splendid types of virility are tho guardsman, the policeman, and tho Scots drum-major. These threo are superb, and justly celebrated in Mr. Henley's accompanying verses. In a subtler and softor way tho piotures of tho newsboy, with its touch of wistful frailty, and of the barmaid aro good, bnt than all aro full of a oortain character and vitality, and wo could not concoivo them done by any othor man as Mr. Nicholson does thom, his sploshes of solid colour, his unsparing light and shade, and perfcot anatomy all making tho portrait a thing absolutely completo. Tho interest of this book is divided between artist ' and poet, bnt Mr. Nioholson's drawings could hotter stand apart from Mr. Henley's quatorzuins than vrioe versa. Of course tho 13 poems, which aro sonnets to everyone but n purist, have much of their author's quality, lie lores Loudon, and he makes those types stand' in a light of his own affection. His uttitudo, for example, towards the coster girl is that of Miss Peggy Pryde in " Good Old London 'Kia :" - Liza's a stupid, straight, hardworking girl. And so of the flowergirl and tho bluecoat hoy ; be gets out of tho one tho inoxhaustiblo touch of nature-lovo, and in the other the antique pictur esqueness of the grim old-world oity. Let ua quote the verses of tho beefeater, and notice Mr. Henley's painful lapse into thieves' English a fault whioh recurs : Hia beat lies knee-high tlirougli a dust of »tory A dust of terror and torture, grief and crime ; 'S Ghosts that are England's wonder and shame and glory Throng; where ho walks, an antic of old time ; A Bense of long iinmediealdo tears i ?YVcro ever with hun, could his ears but heed ; TUostern hie jaceta of our bloodiest years i Are for his reading, had lie oyes to read. But here, where Crookbaek raged and Cranraer trimmed, And IVIore nnd Btrafford faced the axe's proving, He shows ¿ho crown tho desperate Colonel nttnmed, Or Bimply keeps the country cousin moving, And atayB auch cockney pcncillers as would shame Hie walls where some dead queen bath traced her name, 