j trudce through the Ovens Valley. BV SWAG MAN. ,rt tue volley of the Upper King lini licon cockying, to And etn- "ta'mcnt on tlie Dargo High Plains, with n SUcous swag, artistically lashed on f. rawkoned old liorsc. Ho appeared to Lfrc anything not nucu = io lite I" "fe> t)"t rather a sorrowful £i!i silent remonstrance, which ap- J totheconselelce tor taking Uiiri away p nature evidently Intended should Itt cnViflas. resting P.ace. Bates and lc tired of eoekylng. . It did not suit Intl we pined for a fresh existence. The aud romantic ideas that wo held eon- line the gold Acids, seemed to draw our lueps irresistibly in fliat direction, so „ J morning in February we parted corn- .. with the valley and our friends, and mined out with the road and the world be- to realise our dreams. It was in op altoruoon of the second day that we OTdgcd along past Meryang Station in the tat and dust, and over the Gap, where -rye u lined the Arst glimpse of My rtleford nest- in the valley amongst . its trees, about 3 lies awnv In front, with the Ovens River lldlng along below us, and the Buffnlo Ltalus rising abruptly out of the valley Tour right. Descending from the Gnp, mi a steep bit of rugged road, we forded tu Ovens Elver where the Buffalo Creek 'in then over tbc rnllwny line, ronebipg ttt outskirts of Myrtleford about an hour teforc sundown, and camped on the banks of th Ovens, just below a patch of old alluvial w-tklns= After a refreshing bathe, and a a Of supper, we strolled Into the town to lev provisions, then hack to camp, to sleep ,or die tiredness which the unaccustomed tumping had produced. The following I Or being Sunday, we lazed;, all Lf on our hacks, and., in the j rjer the only variation being another I „,gy paying us n visit seemingly to relieve I Bself of all the information that he was I oveiAowiug with and to cadge a stick of to- J tao, In the morning we wore again ready. | for the road, and passed through the- town I tl 11 rtleford with the admiring gaze of the I pi»!ace centred on the old horse, for he was I Bittiacilve sight as he dawdled along with 1 lit miscellaneous burden, utterly regardless 1 if the running Arc of comment that he . was I naif at our expense. Something over three | ste farther on we passed through .Ovens A Jilt, a (julet little place containing a .railway. |a;kn, and n post with a long signboard liMomi the wanderer of the prescuce of B tli Happy Valley Hotel. Nearly 'evcrypne M tiit we met we accosted to Inquire' the . na- B Its ol the road and dlstaneh to' (fie liext 8| llate, and the variety of answers "and' dlf- B| hint opinions as to route and" mileage were 8jpttaatoiilshtng and very confusing, 'hut it BBiIarded ns quite a fund of amusement along Hsitoad. All up the Ovons tlie scenery is Hfliadld. Wooded hills on either side, -find lite valley rich pastures by the winding 8|(ttt,ivllli patches of green timber; along/Its H what banks, dotted bore anil there with Htaieads robed In a drapery of orchards, Htitisiog abruptly on the western side of H £t Valley is the suow- scorcd rugged Buffalo, H ilith siauds out a grand feature lil tbelmid- Ituie with its hold outlines and great rugged" bail bare rock, where t'hc tkn wing-snows tfalnter have scored it out Into deep lines tdWhws, leaving only foothold for the tjiws and a roek-hound road for clouds." I!J mile or so we ' would 'pass' ou £llL' road side' -.sur- 5M by well-trimmed orchards, j ni"ehes overhung the house and laden with tempting fruit, which Raardry mouths water. Wo would have |: ' pueath them by the road fence, hut the fact that tlie residents of the Valley b road bnvo developed the had habit of ! the outer row with cither qulucc or ttnsous. They evideutly doubted the cations of the travelling public, n WM»l"Bly endless morning's tramp Sif'v ,tbc.mtle township of Eurobln, MSitl louoly nnd woru rostlug ou its a rising ground. It seemed as if aim trouble liy Its remnants of dilapidated and tired looklug houses 1 in,. . ,t(!rod" ln windows of the is,,.0 , AHogether It waa ' picture, without Had i! . . W"ca furtbcr ou tve y, 0 orepuiikah, where every - >illiu!M,"! ""d smnl'tly kept. There tJ orc Ilcar the railway station, V.tdrv o ' "t' dr"" ou tbe counter, thiL L. y tbl'oats could quench ft be old Hofsc travelled, very -tj ,. n,,0,. a"'1"" of st'ck or language "c save i,i|C ??y '"''cnee his pace; tfij 8 wny «ud saved up our hlin under 'fcvj. T w 1 he stood still or wanted. to IHlaln I , r""fl tl|0l,ffh we could h b, for J!!.") 11,0 condition that lie llaP lor in ,i bost aud served as n 'n vJai,i ... 0ies 011 the Ovcns-rond. tboi,!.i0?" '00k our "ay, which P th. W"s la,liei' dlseourag- r Tier bJi'?101" llle erows followed r'eit, , d y round and eye hint, Put i. .... B c'culntious, and fly on w ana wa,t. |M «e c!mu.'t/rn0" on 1110 outskirts of fo twain, „ larec patch of black- Nip, a® ® tbc roadside, and what k"'" 'all h i,rt' r'PC' Wc regaled our- hi it ,,, !r an 'Hour, out felt n lot U tl' L'Js of tlle towu trtrei.. ''rCt,y "ttIe house where K'lrom ,iU buy a sood bottle of Kclamulzf flo,lrIshing little vine- twiuos "I> the tilil- K Hiiti, tn,e "ouse. Bright is the "'hted i„ I 011 the Ovens Blver, 9 "c of the narrowest por- tions of the valley. It Is a very compact little touvn, and has grown ns wide as the wUey|rW ! ;"?£ bUt " ta." 81111 Wow length- wise It it feels .Inclined. T.he land Inuiicdl- ately round the town looked very hare and burnt up, which gave It a rather barren an- penrnnce after, the green places we had pass- ed through further, down, but probably we saw It wt a disadvantage. "" v "Wo passed on through the town .find pitched our camp down near t.ho;yIvoW duid a bath, and inado an excellent meal with a loaf of bread and a bottle of -wine which, we bad prtcured at the little estnbllshnieiit .'nt. the" entrance of the own. Bates said it, was wl, at the. Italians lived on, hut whether tliey lived or died ou It, It was good, uud wc.enjoyed It thoroughly after tramping all day "nlong the dusty road with very little to eat. hut blackberries since breakfast. Oiir meal over, we took n walk round the town, find bought provisions enough to last : us until we reached 'Harriet-, ville on. the morrow.; also a 10 by 12 tent, for ontll tills time we hud. nothing be tween us and the stars when iv'e lay down at night. Lottylng Brlght'iri the morhiiig' after a niost refresblLigbatiie liT the river, the valley opened out -again as . we slowly hut surely, left the. miles .. hohiud . us. Though the sun'' . 'blazed X dowu .through a X .cloudless blue, . ' the ' sun was' uot .oppressive,' for the road wiis shaded most of the way to HnfriptV'Ilic, almost like an Kiiglish lanmj;:lt ioiily " lieedcdfa'llttie stretchfif huagiiintion-io tn'ru the giims iiito elms apd beeches, .the lighter scrub ' iiito blacktboru and hazel, and ' the hlaekGcrrles, which grow lu "groat prprusloii. all along' the road completed the trausforuuiilbn. scene." It was one of the prettiest wnlks lmnglimhlc. Now crossing a bridge,, we would get a. de licious little glimpse of the. river flowing along between -Its wooded banks, with Its light and shade,- tumbling -joyously in the gleams of sunshine, and pluyiug with the boulders, then ou Into the . brown sliadows, whore for a moment it would pretend. to wear, a serious air, only -to break out. again -Into -rippling laughter lu sonio:littlo whirl ing eddy, where the suiillglit shot another gleam - '.across it's do w.mvnrd winding:- way. Then; on r to' a turii lu tbe ronil, where the trees piirtod, "hinkliig a frame for a picture of the valley; with its "green fields nud old log fences overgrown with blackberries, the 'little . village of Freiberg, in fin its pic- turcsqucnc'ss ivi'n!"' the "iiilddie" distance. Just beyond arid away hehluii it fill, rose the grand outline of the wooded hills,' and Fen-, thcrtop, contrasting against their blue and purple, wltli-n warm roseate hue.tliat rcnch- ed from the summit half way dowu Its sido, where It melted .into the distant' blue nud .purple -..of. the. hills. Yes, It -was a walk long.to he remembered for Its exquisite bits of scenery, and Bates and 1, as we trudged, along bcliiud the tail of the old horse, were building the castles of our future, which re flected all the. tints nnd colors of the lund- \- scape, find,. were about 'us' impossible as a" ghost' sueklngfinrd boiled eggs. Ifnrrletville .had been described to us by fi Brightonlnn as "Not a" bad 111 tie place, rutlier pi-etty nnd scattered; but It's nothing compared to lirigiir, you know." We fouuu Ilarrletville both scattered uud pretty, also thriving all on its own witli enough .bullion coming out of its mlues'to keep its population hi a constant statu of bustle .and .energetic enterprise., fiVc failed to obtain work tbere lu the sliort time that we allotted for in quiry, so pushed on over the Dividing Itnngc to Dargo ami the High l'lalns, where we had heard that great things were expected, nud people were already stralnliig their listen ing for the' llrst" rumbling of the coming boom. By the time we Had climbed to the top' of the Dividing Itange the old horse had hud about enough of it lor one day with the long, climb and heavy load, sp wc stablcd him at B'ohstcad'o, on tho top of Mount IScrnard and' camped for the night on the breezy heights of tlie Southern Alps. We spread the tent on the ground, 'arid' rolling ourselves up 111 our blankets wo fell asleep, while the sinokc from the camp lire ctirlcd silently up wards through the gharlod twisted branches of the stuuled snow gums, . which rose from their rockv root, hold ghostly and misshapen objects In' the lire-light, tolling their silent tales of rough usage in dho winter's storms nud snows. Early. In the'.iriorulng wo wore again on the road which contrasted strongly with- the fiat metalled, road of- the valley, though this, was metalled: too; hat the .stories were loose, sharp edged nud tiresome for the feet. The country Is' all Silurian form ation, with- plenty of Indications of gold hearing reefs,' nnd some day in the uear fu ture these hills will bo opened up more lliuii they lire at present, and will become a great source of profit for tbo prospector, for It Is the watershed of the Dargo, Ovens and lots of smaller piluvlal streams which have been and are still worked for the course gold that fetches £4 odd . an oz. - Twelve miles from Eonatead's, over hills a iid: hollows of slnto and sandstone, .von as cend n lilll a few 'hundred feet above the rest and come suddenly upon a basalt formation lying on the top of tlie Silurian rock,: with a gentle slope. toward Jhe south, ."This Is tho northern' extremity' of Ilie'Dnrgo High riaius, and belongs to what is known as the Bogoiig Plains,' rbougli Ahoy are 'disconnected by rivers and- deep ravines. These plains are an ancient river bed, and enu he followed for many miles 111 an unbroken chain. It is between the 'basalt- and the Silurian rock Hint the old river wash Is burled; '-from a varying depth of 300 feet. Tho wash- con tains gold, and good gold too, from what I have seen of it, but as yet it is mi unknown quantity, for tho little work that lias been done tlicrc has only bcoii on the outermost edges for 100 foot or so hi ou'llie river. Now. tho river bed is In a fair way to be tested, as a diamond drill is In operation, and will put down bores through .the basalt forma tion at Intervals across the whole breadth of tho plain. The plains themselves arc covered over With patches of snow scrub and a thick sward of grass,' which seems to be preserved from one year's end to the other by tbo suow, making it eoft aiid springy to walk oh. Bates and I made a.. lengthened stay there, and the old horse put consider able flesh on his bones, hut lu the end we ncarlv got cleaned out. Take it ui.l round, the Dnrgo High Plains were not a mine of I wealth to us, though we had varied experi ences during our sojourn. IIow we even- (bully left,- and of our future wanderings, with' the last month at 'Starvation Camp, the touching dcntli-bed kccuc .of the old horse, nnd the. rise we at. last made- hi Ilarrletville on the Glided Crown, Is another story. 