._, ._...-. ? :---- l,._.. _, „-. ?_;.„;..___„„. J Sydney— Week by Week. ' I ? — -? ? ? . ..,.-j (From Our Special Correspondent^) '. ' SYDNEY, Nov.' 28. As Chribtmas'-comes within measur able distance members' of Parliament arc anxious to know when' the proro gation will take1 place. The Premier states that he .hopes to close the session1 before the Christmas holidays. - ms Estimates have not, however, been ir seritcd yet, -and' there arc a 'lot or -pro- mised measures, which, if not humed through, Avill receive -the fate knoAvn us the ''Slaughter of- the Innocents.' It is suggested that -the -House -should ' meet at an earlier hour, or else sit 'an extra day a Aveek, in order to get tL'e, business through*. To still further faci 1 litatc this Mr Crick, P.M.G., is intro- j j ducin'g- a Bill to fix -a- time limit to j i members' speeches. We 'already have - j tlie closure, but it. is' seldom availed of, j and any attempt to put its provisions , inrnntinn is met' with! 'the unparliamen tary cry of -'Gag!' Still, with 125 loquacious 'members, 'all ready to catch the Speaker's, eye j something, must be' done to restrict those .who suffer from .what lias been termed 'a diarrhoea of words.' -Unfortunately '-??'? 'the ''.'silent member' is never popular with- his con stituents. Caco'ethes.loquendi is -what electors seem to 'think -the main quali fication in their representatives. ' ;. / *, - -??*. ?-.- -* '',- * ' ; ? --. -' ?-. - , a- ? « ? ?? :.; . 'The sight' o£, means tp,:do ill, deeds makes ill-deeds \ done.' ^.In-^the, ad vertising column's of -some of ;j3ur Syd ney and. up-country 'paper's ''are'4nvita- 'tions, so thinly';'yeiled,' :tHat 'no . one can' mistake- their- import^ ' to commit immorality and,, crime, r offering fpr a ? small Gonsideration to show how- the natural .consequences _ of,, the former 'can b'e avoided of' removed^ h'ow1' unde sired children -may i?e 'put'1 out '-, 'to nurse' (a la 'Makiri) after their unwel come appearance^ as'-Avell as the inde cent ? description of diseases '. by 'auack's,:.' avIio, .'.by 'the opportunity. afforded by the', insertion of suchad vertisements, get unfortunate- victims of . . contagious , diseases, _ -to;, part' with their, dollars , Avithout * obtaining relief.'-' So Dr. Graham/ 'M.-P.i'-has introduced' his 'Indecent.,'. Advertisements Bill;' Avhich, has' been read a- first time. Surely .ijfjthe. Government of N.S.W. prohibits newspaper's. frpm\ publishing the ad vertisement's of . 'Tattersairs sweeps,, it sliould prevent the insertion pf ..those AArho prey upon .'the- ignorance, of suf-' xfer.ers from disease and of those who are undermining ' the moral and' phy_- j sical; well-being' -of tire people -'bf .this! colony, .which has too - long ,been ' the paradise ^ of- quacksJ TancLcharlatans. . -' / ' '-/ ' ' 1 - ' * -Trades -unionism- has the'- effect of -putting'* all -men-. engaged- on the same Avork on the, same rate of pay. This has' its advantages as Avell as possibly its defects. ,A' unionist may not work below union rates of wag.e.s, nor can he demand higher however expert he be. O'Sullivan.. (Minister for Works) quon dam -President' -of the , Trades and Labor Council, knows .this,, but he has ;? had the backbone . and good sense to grade , the unemployed-.- Able-bodied men ('first graders') ' are to ;got on to' .work at the new railways and to receive the minimum Avages for unskilled labor I ('seven shillings a davi. Men who are not physically ' strong enough to do ? navvy Avork are to go to lighter work at Moore Park, and they AvuTbe term ed' 'second graders' and receive like vvise the- regulation-- seven - shillings. 0!Sullivan holds 'that,as it isn;t a man's fault that he Avas .not born a Hercules, his pocket should not suffer in conse quence. Only] ' residents of N.S.W. will be found employment as either a 'first' or a 'second grader/' ' Arrange ments .-also have .been .made by, the Minister to supply the men with credit at the stores until after the 'first pay. \ , The Royal Agricultural Society has decided to introduce a neAv item into its programme for next Easter's sIioav — a Avood-choppihg contest. Over ^60 Avill be given in prizes, the first' of which is to be ^20. There should be an enor mous number of entries, as it will be an easy Avay of 'making a rise.' An axe and a wood heap is the usual 'condition pre cedent' at country homesteads noAV to getting a 'feed,' but to receive £20 for five minutes' operations on a log is suffi cient inducement to cause such a rush of competitors that the game will be kept' open and chips will be flying as long as the sIioav lasts. These agricul tural societies are subsidised by the Go vernment on the £ to £ principle, so it is only right that the man, Avhose only capital is his muscles, should have a chance of pulling off a prize, as Avell as the bucolic breeder' of pedigree stock, the importer '61 machine^ the bike man, and other varieties of the repre sentatives of. capital. The 'masses' now 'mean to have an' equal share with the 'classes'. ini' everything that is going. * ,, *. \ ?-* * Who is the- anonymous donor!; per the Agent-General of N.S.W.,' of ^10,006 tOAvards-the- Patriotic- Fund in London ? is -the. question that-bydney people are asking one another.. As a rule, people -AA'ho give thousands expect a quid pro quo in the shape of a title, or at lea.st a C.M.G. ship; 'but this rara avis keeps incog. , Perhaps 'the donor is a lady, and it is whispered that, she may be Miss Eadith Walker, of ' Concord, the millionaire spinster,.. AA'ho^ has given 50 much to good 'purposes, as witness the Walker Convalescent Hospital. Still, whoever is 'the person Avho -lias donated this munificent amount, probably, time Avill 'disclose, as Ave haven't got so i-t-ry many people among us who can afford to throw their thousands about in -this naannejr. We hiave' a patriotic fund here tqo, and. -it is totalling up wdl, being, close orf to ^5000. It is to be hoped that the' relatives of our Trans Araal volunteers Avill have no occasion to 'become recipients, tout, perhaps, . . this -is; 'more , -than, we can reasonably expect. . . '''?'# - *' ' ' * '*' !'??»'- -? - ' Tn the. 'Staip.s'' ah editor's life is a risky one. '- The revolver ' and, the co\v-liide Avhip are considered as fail rejoinders to scathing journalistic criticism. .-J-Iere avc are not so far ach-anced, although' the horse-Avhip- . ping of an editor is not unknown. In Maoriland sbine time^ ago a 'company | of lady artistes administered a .sound ; flogging to an incautious neAvspaper ' proprietor. Millionaire Burdekin not long since bought a stock whipj and took the train to Parramatta,- with the intent of laying it across the shoulders of the owner of a local paper, who ha$ the effrontery ' to print Avhat was com mon gossip about Mr B's domestic af fairs, but returned without finding liis man. Dick Meagher, M.P., of Dean notoriety, succeeded in AA'hipping John Norton, the Avriter of 'Mendax Meag her' in 'Truth,' and got a revolver bullet sent after him for his pains, and last Monday afternoon a sensation Avas caused in Pitt-street by the brother of Miss Maud MacCarthy calling out the ; musical critic from 'Truth' office and belaboring him Avith a horse whip for having written a critique in that paper concerning Miss Maud that didn't meet Avitli 'liis approval. He succeed-. ? ed ir^ 'getting home,' and the press man was taken in a cab to the doctors. As Court proceedings Avill follow cdm .ment on the case is not judicious. *? k ?» # It would be thought that the cells at the new Central Police Station in Li verpool-street . Avere ? sufficiently se cure to prevent prisoners escaping from, them. ? But it appears they* are not. Another ^instance of shoddy work manship in ' Government contracts S I Taa-o men, on remand, had been put into one of these^ cells the other morn ing' when the Court rose for lunch. I Thev 'Were Inricp.rl. irf sp.rnrelv p.nnmrln j :b'ut -when. the gaoler- came aftpr lunch I to fetch them up to the Court the cell I Avas empty and the birds floAvn. How I did thy manage -it? Well, it was this Avay.'-^The- solid-looking iron window ?bars. were only one-eighth of an inch in the stone Avork. A few shakings and scrapings, and out they came, so that the two confinees' had only to squeeze through the windoAv and get into the ?lane at the rear, and then 'quietly steal. aAvay.' They haven't yet been re taken.. ' ,. Oh these Government con tracts ! How. the poor taxpayer is bam boozled and robbed ! Why they are no\7 actually; pulling, up the blocks in George- street and relaying a lot of the new. tram line. Some one has blundered it 5PPm5 Thpi;- rcin'f o-At it tn ('rr»» ' Haunted houses, where the gtiosi oi some _ancestral Adllain or some beauti ful maiden is doomed to peregrinate by -nip-nt until the crime of which they 'Avere the perpetrator or victim shall 'have been brought to light, are, Ave are told (especially , in yellow-backed .novels), not unrare in the old world. .In Australia Ave have heard of the ghost of a1 murdered man, sitting on a fence, and pointing to a water-hole, AA-here his body was subsequently found, and now from quiet little Blayney — a tOAvn AA'hich by the way aspires to the ..position of Federal Capital — comes a story of the A'isitations of a ghost to one .'of the- shafts of the Blayney Copper Mine. ''The miners hear strange . noises, - such as bells ringing1, sighs, .groans,.. etc. Miners going below have their candle's put out by some unseen and supernatural visitor, who, it is :said, has actually, on some occasions, touched the clothes of men as he glided silently past them. So there is quite a scare ! Six of the miners regularly employed there have actually left the mine and thrown up their billets rather than continue to Avork Avhere such un canny things occur. What-will.it turn out to be? A bat, an owl, or a possum, mhn Vioc fi-pp-Qplprtpri this shaft n? his domicile, or the genuine spirit of some 'quondam digger brutally mm-deml by his mate?; * '# - * - #? ? 1 - -\ ? ''We are getting so mighty . hyper critical as to what we eat, Avhat we drink, and wherewithal Ave are' clothed, be lurking everywhere, even in the Avatefs under the earth. The latest Sydney scare was the fish caught at Bondi and sold for consumption and undisting.uishable ? from . fish caught elseAA'here. There is a huge se\Ver Avhich empties itself into the waters of Bondi, and- fish loAre to congregate at its mouth, and feed on the noisome exu dations.. And here the fisher never spreads his nets in vain nor the angler his line,'1 and the fish are fat and good to the eye wherewithal. Nevertheless fish eaters got exercised in their min'ds. SeAvers, fish, and typhoid seemed in separablej but the Department ? of Health has allayed their fears. Post mortem examinations have been held on sample sewerage-fed fish, and they have been pronounced free from micro organisms and perfectly wholesome. Henceforth let us eat our Friday's dinner Avithout qualms and otir after theatre repast at Comino's in perfect faith. 'Fish, oh' of the early morning U 111 XI KJ XUA1C \j*. J mO ^Jk LIiV- V,11^1U L-JbJ doctor, or undertaker. *. ' .,* * * Mr Divorce-Judge Stephen says h? is really, little inore than a machine foi cutting the knot that the parson or matrimonial agent has previously tied; There Avere sixty undefended cases on, 4he list. In an undefended case the petitioner has simply to go into the Dox and SAvear to the truth of his or her petition. No evidence to the con trary is given. The judge is bound to believe the sworn evidence. And so a decree nisi is granted as a matter of form. The whole hearing, per haps, ? doesn't take ten minutes. Iff the respondent, as well as the peti tioner, Avants the -divorce,, there is n$ ?^roof forthcoming that there is any collusion, and -in- due course — in some' cases as short a time as a Aveek! — the, decree nisi is made absolute! Thero surely is no other place in the Avorld where divorce can be so easily ob tained. No wonder people rush in, where formerly angels feared to- tread, when the process of getting unhitched is so simple, cheap, and expeditious'! Divore a vinculo matromonii is fre quently to become bound in the chain? diaboli. * « ' ' . *? * A few weeks ago1 the present scribi narrated Iioav a 'bus driver Avas tried foi an alleged- assault on a girl, Avho was jwpassenger in his 'bus, and that the ac cused AA'as discharged, by the verdict of the jury 'without a stain on his charac* ter,' and that the girl, his accuser, was committed, there and then, for trial for perjury. Well, the trial of the girl has come off. The evidence given a?t the previous . trial of .the man Avas a$ gone into 'over again. Counsel for Ihtj accused made a vigorous address to the jury, who, after having retired for fivel minutes,- brought in a verdict of nnon guilty,' and added a rider 'that she left the Court Avithout a stain on her characx ter.' Here things seem tolerably* mixed! A man is charged Avith iril decently assaulting a girl in his bus.: He leaves the Court pronounced inno* cent 'without a stain on his rhnmrtpr * tlie girl is said to be an abandonee! creature making a groundless charges on a poor unprotected man.* Sh'e is, committed to stand her trial for havv ing sAA'orn a tissue of lies. The jury now says she didn't SAvear any lies. Then the man must have sworn to lies. He had better be tried for perjury noAV f Both of them, though, haven't got any stains on their characters! Truly -the laAv is a hass!' / 