orinirgtoln tandald. PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAt MORNING. "DEADERS" AGAIN. A.pERIODucAL restrreetioa in: matters pertaining to the new metropolitan cemetery site comes round with the regularity of the seasons, and the much troubled ghost of the army of thedead has this time appeared in the columns of the Herald. Last week the journal in question published a thoughtful ar ticle on the subject, showing the ur gent necessity for doing something befora long; also the futility of placing the settlement of such a grave question in the hands of a few suburban muni mcipalities. The article states that " for years past the wrangle about the site of a new general cemetery site has proceeded' At intervals it has crou ped up, and proposals have been dis cussed, but with no practical result, excepting that the municipalities and other bodies interested have agreed in nothing but a determination to differ. Once or twice a settlement has been near at. hand, and once was so closely approached that a bill constituting a new trust for tile site at FrJnkston, and making certain provisions for giving the new trust a financial s'art was act ually drafted, but for some r ason or another was neve.'- ,-:. ;'el to the Legislature. In the im .,Mime matters have drifted, until now we have reached in more senses than one, a grave crisis. Unless the dispute is settled forthwith, and a start made to prepare the new cemetery for its reception of the dead, Melbourne and its suburbs will, prac tically, by the end of next year, be without a place of burial. The question cannot be shelved any longer. If the municipalities cannot arrive at an un derstanding the Government and Par liament must step in and settle the matter off-hand. In order to under stand the position, it is necessary tore -callthat though a number of sites for the new necropolis have beeii suggested they were long.snce narrowed down to three.. The first of these is the reserve of 3000 acres at Frankston.i The soil, situation and,drainage were all declar ed to be suitable, and from a sanitary point of view this is the site' that must find most favor. A second proposed site is at Spring Vale, which is consid erably nearer to Melbourne, but gainet this it is urged that a considerable por tion of the land available - is far too swampy for cemetery purposes. The third site is at Blackburn which is also nearer to Melbourne. but here again are objections. .It is alleged that on some partsiof the.proposed site rock is met with at a depth of no 'more than, four feet. Another objection is that the site is in the :midst of a considerable population, and that the drainage from it must pass through the' populated parts of the locality. All these three sites are on railway lines, and so far as the Frankston bne is concerned; if that were adopted, all funerals would .have to travel by train from Melbourne, and itwpuldbe the.same to Spring Vale or Blackburn in all but a few and.=rare i~nst~en . .The Frinkstonu site would, no doubt have been decided upon long sleee were it not for the objection that that it is too far from. the metropolis. This is the main objection, and it is urged by some municipalities, but to a very Iar'e extent it emanates from in- e terested persons, stich as undertakers ( and monumental masons, who ;have t vested interests, and would very much a like to have the cemetery at the very r portals of the city, and away from the d railways, so that their plant of hearses mournin coaches, ,and other funeral and grave praphernalia might be' kept fully employed. There'is, however, no site available which will not necessitate h'hi use of the railway, and on this Q^stion iof distaice it is iiijed- that, ,.nce in a train, the question of a few miles more or less is of no moment. I For this reason, 'and because of the natural superiorities claimed for it, the FraikstriisTite has the strongest case, though ,here is reason to believe that in the end the one at Spring Vale will probably receive the most support. There are those who hold the opinion that it would be a monstrous mistake to place the management of the new cemetery in the hands of the municipa hties in any way, and these people urge the Government to deal with the ques tion for itself. They hold that in a municipal Cemeteries Trust there must be frequent changes in the personnel, and the members, not being permanent members, naturally take less interest in the affairs than if they were perma nent, and do not trouble to make them selves thoroughly acquainted with them permanent trust is :advisahble." -On the point of a bill being drafted but not in troduced in Parliament the Herald is somewhat astray. The measure was actually introduced and passed its se cond reading in the Assembly. It is evident, from the reports which appear in the press that it- will la impossible to get anything like unanimity amongst interested municipalities on the ques tion of a sit, and the Premier should take the question into his own hands and finally deal with.it from the broad standpoint of the pubhec health of the -whole.community (for the matter is not merely a local one.) Most people would like to see a site selected, if only 1 for the reason of giving the subject it self decent interment. 