THE GHOST OF HEYTON GRANGE. OME years ago I mob Uascoyne dressed in a suit of Scotch gray ; sporting clothee. I lb was nb a rail- j way station, and ; ho had beside j him liia nun-case and fishing-ruds. Knowing that he was nob a man bo spend a great deal of money on his own pleasure, I I guessed ab once that ho had been lucky , enough to receive an invitabion from some one who possessed fishing and shooting rights. " Hallo, Gnscoyne," I said, as I came up with hiin, " what's tho game now . ThiB looks something like business." "Ah, my boy," says he, " I should think it doe?, too. Old Jefferson has beon looking out for a country place for some time, you know, and ho has managed to find one up in the north at a marvellously cheap rent. He's taken it for twelve months, and if he likes it he has the chance of buying it ab a ridiculous figure. Why, what's the matter with it t" I said. 'Oh, nothing," he replied, " that I know of, bub it doesn't suit tho owner for some reason, and he has had it on his hands for a very long time and could not let it, and 1 suppose he got tired of ib and bhought ho would geb rid of it ab any price. Jefferson writes me that it is really a grand place, with some glorious shooting and fishing, and a really maenificonb house, and he's asked me to go and have a month's sport. 1 thought it was too good a chance to be missed, and so J packed up my traps at once, and I'm off." At that tho train came up, and after see ing him comfortably sottled in a corner seat and wishing hiin good sport and a high old time I strode away. What was my surprise, in a little moro than a week afberwards, to meot him one evening in the High-street as I was return ing from business. Why, Oascoyne," I said, " whatever has brought you back again so soon t I thought you were going to stay a month." Nover a month would I stay ab that place for any price," he replied ; " but come, let us walk up to the Ring of Bells at the end of the village. We shall bo quiet there, and I'll bell you all aboub it. It makes me feel so queer every time I think of it that I really can't tell you -without u glass of something." ^ We went up to the old inn, and before a comfortable glass and blazing fire we lib our pipes, and he commenced : 'Jefferson was right when he said he had a splendid place. It's fallen into disrepair a little through being untenanted so long ; but Heyton Grange, aB it is called, is a regular country mansion, with a magnifi cent hull, fine large entertaining rooms, and 1 don't know how many bedrooms up stairs. I found he'd invited quite a number of fellowB, and intended having a regular shooting party slaying in the. house, but he had asked me up a day or bwo in ad vance, eo bhab we could have a quieb bime together before the rest came. " We had three most enjoyable days The country round was magnificent. We had a few idle shots, and cast a fly or two for trout as wo sauntered along, balking of old times, and these lazy trials were suffi cient to show uh that we should have fine sport when we commenced in earnest. We spent these days alone, and Jefferson and I slept together during that time, for we are old friends, as you know, and I liked better to be with him than bo be in tho room allotted to me in tho far off west wing until that part of tho house was occu pied by some of the other visitors. On the fourth day they came. We had a glorious time of it, and went to bed tired out. I dropped to sleep at once, but after some two hours I woke up buthod in a cold per spirabion and with a terrible feeling- that I could nob account for. Whether I had been dreaming or nob I could not tell, but I raised myself on one arm and looked around the room, and there right by 'he foob of bhebed I saw-the busb | of a woman, as bhough the body had been cut through at the waist%. " The face wbb as white as marble and the eyes seemed to look beseechingly upon me. Terrified, I was unable bo stir, and the figure gradually floated a.way and disap peared through the panels of the wall, heaving as it did so a low, deep sigh. " Of course, sleep was impossible after that. I lay in a state of terror until morn ing, bub I managed to drop inbo a troubled, broken slumber as daylight appeared, and slept on uneasily until I was startled by a knock at the door, and the announcement that the first breakfast bell had rung. I went down to bieakfast with the effects of the night's apparition still upon me, though wearing away and growing fainter every momenb, and before I had finished my second cup of coffee, what 1 had supposed bo be the usual query in such cases arose in my mind-Could I, after all, have fancied that the apparition appeared ? " Was it possible that it could be the result of a disordered imagination 1 In the night I had made up my mind to tell my friend what had occurred and leuva tho house at once, but now I feared the ridicule of the company, and was, indeed, likely soon to laugh myself and wonder how 1 1 could have been so superstitious. I raised my head and began to join in the conversa tion and to talk over fclie arrungen.onls for another day's sport, when at the far end of the cable I noticed a gentleman who laughed the loudeet yesterday, and whose sallies had amused us all, but who was now silent and taciturn. 1 " ' He seemed quite unable to do justice to the good things provided by our host, and ouly answored in monosyllables when spoken bo. It was evident that his mind was ill at ease, and that he was labouring under some strong excitemonb. As soon as breakfast was over I sought him oub and said to him " I am afraid something has happened to disturb you ; you were in such excellent spirits we we parted last nighb and seemed so very different ab the table this morning that I feel sure something must be the matter.' " « No,' he replied. ' I'm all right, thanks ; I certainly don't feel very lively just now, but it will wear off presently.' " . Perhaps you didn't have a good , nighb's resb ?' I rejoined, speaking slowly and pointedly. " ? Well.' he said, ' I cannot say that I did, but I do not wish to speak of ft; it would only put Jefler?o» about.' "'Tell me,'I auid, 'ili.l anything dis turb you T Did you see anything j> nnd in my eagerness I kid my hand upon his shoulder. " ' I did,' ho said ; ' why do you usk f' " ' Because I saw something myself ; what did you see ?' " ' I saw,' ho said, and shuddered as he spoke, ' the bust of a woman cut off at the waist!' " ' Precisely what I have seen in the j night !' I ejaculated. ' I saw it at the foot of my bod, and it seemed to disappear through the panel of the wail. Is your room in the west wing ivt the end of the great passage ?' " ' It is,' ho replied. " ' Then the apparition must havo en tered your room when it left mine, for you are evidently sleeping in the next room to me. What is to be done V " ' Wo cannot slay, and I certainly do not like the idea of breaking up the party.» " Well, we talked it over long and earnestly, and at last arranged to stay that night at any rate and see if it visited us again. " After another day's sport, during which we forgot our fearg, night came on, und we once more retired to our rooms, but not to bed. I was very tired, and I sat up watching until long past the time the ap parition had appeared on the previous night, and then overcome with fatigue I throw aside my fears, and throwing my self on tho bed was asleep in a moment. " I could not have slept very long-not many minutes-when I awoke with a Btarfc, and I felt at once that tho thing was by me. In terror I opened my oyes. Oh, horrors 1 Tho bust of the woman was lying by my side on the bed, with her head upon the pillow ! .' What happened after that I do not know, for I must have lost consciousness for a moment, and when I recovered the fearful thing had vanished. I jumped from the bed and rushed instantly into my neighbour's room, but he was lying upon the rug in a dead faint. I loosened his collar and poured cold water on his face, and as ho opened his eyes and revived a little X made him take a good draught of brandy from my hunting flask which I had with me. '.He quickly came to himself, and sitting up-ho told me he had dozed of! in his chuir and had been suddenly awakened by tho touch of a deuth-cold hand upon his fore head, and found tho apparition close to him, gazing with entreaty in her eyes into his face. Overcome with horror ho had fainted away as I found him. " We sat together and talked long and earnestly, and at length decided that we would make the best excuse to our host, urging some sudden coll back toour homes, and would leave the house that morning. I am afraid Jefferson must have felt hurt at our sudden departure, but stay we could not, so we came away, and here I am." Ua8Coyne and I sat talking and con jecturing ubout the .mysterious visitant un til late that night. Weeks and months passed, and it gradu ally became only a terrible memory of which wo spolco now and again, until one day Guscoyne knocked hurriedly at my door, arid saying in an excited manner, " Put on your hat and come with me," he led me without a word to the old Ring of Bells. As soon as we were seated in the little room behind the bar he began hur riedly " I've just had a letter from Jefferson. He had a Christmas purty at Heyton last week and one of tho guests who had been placed in the room I slept in shrieked out that she had seen a ghost, and when they had calmed her sufficiently to speak coher ently she declared that it took the form of the bust of a woman. Jefferson remembered our hasty flight and the curiously embar rassed way in which we made our excuses for leaving him so suddenly, and believing now that it must have been in some way connected with the apparition that so terri fied hitf lady visitor, he made up his mind there and then that together with the bravest of his visitors he would himself watch on the following night. He did so, and soon after midnight the restless spirit returned once more. He and his friend nerved themselvesand spoke to it, demand ing the reason for its presence in the house. It gazed upon them for a moment, and beckoning them to follow it floated out and led them through a secret door 011 the top landing into a small room under the roof, where they found a worm- eaten chest, into which the apparition seemed to disappear. They rushed downstairs, and quickly returning with two or three men servants they broke open the lid and wore horrified to discover the lower part of a woman's body, which, from its decomposed state, had evidently been there for years. Upon inquiry they learned that a long time before a murder had been committed, and the j murdBrer, who was the unfortunate woman's husband, had sovered his victim at the ! waist, and that her bust having been dis covered it had been buried in the church yard, but that search for the lower part of the body had been in vain. As soon as Jefferson and his friends could arrange with the authorities the ghastly object in the trunk had been buried beside the bust." That was Gascoyne's tale, and he was able to inform me from a further communi cation he received from Jefferson that the midnight visitant had never appeared again My friend was a man for whom I enter tained the highest regard, and I had every reason to believe in his integrity. He declared to me that every part of this strange narrative is true, and(I have never been inclined to doubb it. 