;A WOMAN'S WHOLE '.- EXISTENCE. ? -* ? By MARY CAPES. [ i'':i': '; ; - CHAPTER VI.— (Continued ) ;?, - '- Of , course, already conjectures -many ..*?' * and various were rife amongst. the ser . Vants.- Ada, little as she iknew posi tively, had many suggestions to im part ; but when later she was summon ed to the library, a very red-eyed, for lorn young woman reappeared in the kitchen, from whom no further word of interest was to be extracted. Nan knew nothing of all this; first Lady Donnithorne, then her poor little pupil had absorbed her whole thoughts and energies. So far she could only even guess- at xne news txiat letter, uuui ing by the last post, had conveyed to' the unfortunate mother. Would she hear now? she wondered. Not once during these hours had she l thought of her self. Now, at last, the strain was beginning to tell terribly. It was a very pale, drawn face she rais ed to Sir Gerard's, a pathetic look of appeal in the eyes that met his. ' Nevertheless, he turned away to gaze into the fire for more than a minute, till in the throbbing silence Nan felt as though she must cry aloud. Little did she guess what was in his heart, how strong a curb he was putting , on feelings he had been trying hard to stifle during those weeks of her ab sence — feelings he had believed, even that very day, during his hurried jour ney to and from Oxford, killed by Nan herself in that half -finished confession of the morning. At last he spoke, quietly and deliber ately':— 'You have no. doubt guessed partly the contents of that letter, Miss Lllis? Of course, I have read it. A more cruel, heartless composition addressed to an adoring mother can scarcely be imagin ed. My poor, infatuated sister-in-law is cruelly punished for the preference Bhe haa shown; her folly in ignoring warnings, simply because they were given by her son, with whom she has quarrelled. Maud has? married Cap tain Marfe-barn, who has only lately been forced to resign his oommission, owing to dishonorable gambling transactions. No doubt it was she Ellen saw at Ox ford, I imagine probably he came on , to Dalby by an earlier train, to see i about some of hia properties he had to ? remove from Ellerby, and warehoused after his uncle died. That is, however, , mere conjecture, and a matter of no im-, portance. They were married two days ago, that ia the main fact. Yes terday they were on their way to Birk enhead, and on one of the big Ameri . can liners. By now they are out on the Atlantic Ocean, feeling very uncom ' fortably physically, perhaps. It is a very rough night.' 'Then it would have made no differ 1 ? ence, if I had told you yesterday, instead ' . of -waiting till +his morning?' , Nan spoke in a voice very low and timid for her. There was something so painfully stern and uncompromising in Sir Gerard's whole tone and manner. 'None whatever, save that I am spar ed a l»ng and tiresome journey to Birk enhead and the docks early this morn ing. After the knowledge I should have gained from 0 — Oxford last night, I should, at any rate, have followed Captain Markham so far, on the chance ' of doing some good.' 'I am glad of that, at least,' mur mured Nan; but Sir Gerard took no notice of the remark. He drew from his pocket the letter of which he had spoken, glancing quickly down the lines written in the large, untrdy scrawl Maud Dun ster affected. ' ? 'Truly, a most cpjd-blooded perfor mance. My poor sister-in-law is well rid of such a child, though probably she will never realise that fact herself. But there is a postcript, Miss Ellis, which, after -what you told me this morning, I consider you havb a right to be made acquainted -with. Only first, I should tell you, lest you may not have heard it, that Mias Dunster's — I should say Mrs. Markham's — maid came back this even ing, having no knowledge of her mis tress, save that sne nad been toia sue would not be needed at Oxford, but was to come straight to Mallerwick. 'I sent for her as soon as I oould to question her. Then, with your words as to the talk -with the groom in my mind, I taxed her with some secret knowledge about those diamonds. I re membered her manner had seemed a little suspicious on that former occasion, and I. very soon arrived at the fact9. You recollect she 'was said to have seen a ghost. And Molly's revelations dis closed the fact that her governess had certainly gone at least to the door of her room; but at that moment Miss Rosa waa still down in the schoolroom. 'Ada saw Miss Dunster herself come up to the stairs, go to the window in the corridor, open it, then deliberately place something in a dark corner not far from the door of Miss Ross's bed ?room. She closed the window later, which explains why it was not found open^ as no doubt Maud had left it with intention; but never dared mention anything of -what she had really seen till Dixon, the groom she loves, got it out of her not long before that talk at the window you overheard. 'He is a clever, sharp, young man, and jumped at once to his own conclu sions.- Between them -they were to make sure if anything of the same kind happened, and demand blackmail at once. It is a pretty little story alto gether, well brought to a conclusion by the hideous force of these words: — 'Without doubt now, you will under stand that I took your diamonds. Of course, they -would.' have been mine, anyhow, some day ; but Bertie could not wait. He says they were not really anything like as valuable as you be lieved/' .-.,...?. Sir Gerard ended with a shudder of disgust, folded up the paper, and re turned it. to hia pocket. Again silence reigned for several minutes, while outside the wind, howled and raved. A spray of ivy-r^detached from the wall, no doubt—tapped in dis mal, beseeching persistence on a win dow-pane. :'?.'.; 'Nan sat dumb — she could not speak. Lil was cleared. . Her task was done; yet bitter, hopeless . grief waa in her heart at this moment, for .herself and the man- she loved alike. Maud Dunster waa no kin to him ; yet she was sister to his dead brother's child, little Molly, that he loved so dear ly ; and' Hubert, who must quickly learn of the dishonor this girl, so fair and young, had wrought to her unhappy family. How much or how little must be made known to the world in general had still to. be settled; but Nan had no doubt whatever that Sir Gerard, at least, would not allow any suspicion attached to the poor young governess to remain amongst his servants. Where would the. circle once started by casting such a stone as that end? It was Sir Gerard who spoke first : 'Miss Ellis, I think, so far, the sub ject ia ended for tlhe present ; as for the future, I cannot speak. Hubert Dunster must be told. He has been your, cou sin's strenuous defender all along1? She has spoken of him, no doubt? It must rest with himself. He is a straightfor ward, honest, young fellow, worthy of a good wife. As for you, you will pro -ablv wish to rotum to her and vour own life. My need of a secretary is really at an. end. It will depend, of course, on Lady Donnithorne's condition ; but it is probable I shall go abroad again for a time later on, and Molly — ? ah, poor little, Molly ! — she - will miss you sadly. To lose another beloved governess so soon is hard on her; but let us hope her mother, as she recovers, will care for her more now. If — df you could, however, make up your mind to remain on a few days, it would be a great relief to all of us. Mrs. Hutton and Ellen^ and ? '? He stammered a little, but went on quickly: — 'Only understand that you are perfectly free to go at any hour you like to-morrow. The brougham is at your service. I will tell Molly myself after you have left, if you prefer it. And now, will' it. not be better if you were to lie down for a time— have at least a little, rest before going to Lady DonnitaoMie's .roojn'l You looked quite worn out when /-oi cam? in!'' 'Quite worn out!' Then he had, at least, glanced at her once. But Nan was beyond extracting any comfort from this now. ' ' All that last long speech had been spoken with eyes steadily fixed on the fire, and the sentences, clearly express ed, and deliberate, save for that ' one little bit of hesitation^ had imprinted themselves one by one on her brain, each one cutting deeper and deeper fur rows of pain and misery. Her eyes were blinded by slow, heavy tears that would not fall. A dull throb bing in her throat well-night choked her as she rose from her chair and made one staggering step towards the door. Then she^ turned. She was dismiss ed — he needed her no longer; but not thus could she leave his presence. One word, at least, she must speak! With a sobbing cry of misery, she flung herself on the ground at Sir Ger ard's feet, catching his hand in hers. 'Forgive! forgive!— say, at least, you iorgive me!' Sharply, aa though stung By her touch, Sir Gerard pushed away her hand, hia' eyes glaring into her white, tear stained face. A second , only. Then, with a passionate murmur of her name, he had caught her by both, shoulders. 'Nan! Nan! That is your name, I know. 'Forgive,' you say! What have I to forgive? I love you! Do you understand? Have you never guessed? Oh, child, child, I love you! You have made yourself so sweet — so dear to me! I would give the world to keep you here by my side— my love and wife!' Nan's head dropped towards him. A moment, and she would have been in his arms, her whole soul meeting his ar dent gaze. But he took his handa away, rising from his seat, so quickly that she barely .saved herself fvom falling, her eyes seeking his with pathetic pleading, fain to understand his movements. . ; Again did he go to his writing-desk, as on that evening when, with a sudden impulse, he had confided the secret of hia life to Hubert Dunster. Once more did he open the drawer and take from it Hie little case. Coming back, he thrust it into Nan's hands as she rose slowly to her feet. 'That woman is my wife — my law fully-wedded ? wife ! Heaven help me ! She lives still!' He let himself fall into his armchair as he spoke, and buried his face in both hands, crouching forward as his elbows rested on his knees. Outside the wind raged more wildly and furiously than ever, showers of sleet rattled against the casements; but Nan stood on the hearthrug, chilled to the heart, despite the blazing fire — turned to stone for the moment, gazing into that beautiful pictured face. At last Sir Gerard raised his head and spoke, his voice full of intolerable pain. 'It is you who must forgive, not I. I never meant to tell vou this. I tried to think you had killed my love this morning only, when you told me what had brought you to my house. I am far too old for you, with your youth and beauty, were I free even ; but, at least, my love cannot hurt you. I am glad you know it, though the further speak-' ing of it, now you have learnt the truth, would be an insult.' He paused a mo ment, then,- as Nan, still stood motion less, and silent, went on, a- faint smile coming to his face: — 'Shall we be quits4 Nan? As an amateur detective you were not- exactly successful; but -as a nurse and secretary quite above praise! For your harmless deception — your want of trust earlier in me^ — I forgive you, and your ? ' 'No, no ! I love you 1' cried Nan in coherently. And, once again letting the little case fall to the ground, she was kneeling at his feet, her hands out stretched imploringly. ' To be' continued. 