' ' . ... THE ; ' ' MYSTERY the DARK HOUSE. published by special arrangement. j ' ' bY rita; Author, of Peg tho Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman in It," " Darby and Joan, "The Grinding Mills of God," " A Daughter of tho People," "A Husband of No Importance," &o.;, &o.; copyright. CHAPTER XXXVII. — Confaiued.) Vp OT an hour ago X staggered A> this room more dead than alive. Now I tell v myself how foolish, and worse than foolish, I am, and, oh! how bitterly ashamod.' Let mo see if I can write down hore what really happeued. . I found Ruth waiting for mo. We both woro oloaks with hoods drawn over our heads. Wo both cornea in our hands a small basket of bempseed. . Noiselessly wo crept out into tho garden, nnd up tbe winding path, and so into tho high road, stretching white and clear, under tho moonlight, to tho town of Penzance. . It was quito empty of human figaro, or living objeofc. "Ruth," I said, "we will walk on say twenty pacos, thon turn, and scatter tho horapsoeu bohind us." But she objected that wo must not be together. So I left her at tho twenty paced and went on further myself for somo twenty or thirty more. Just where I paused, a group of beeoh trees, anoient and tall, threw a shadow over the wbito road. I turned hastily. At tho same moment the stillness was broken by the sound of footsteps approaching from behind, and a voico hailed me. Now what foolishness overcame me at that moment I cannot tell, but down fell ray baskot,' and I flow liko oho possessed over the whito road, reaching Ruth in a moment and dragging hor with me down tho narrow cliff path that lod to tho. back ontrance of tho house. Wo had left the gato open, and through it wo flew, fast as feet could carry us, slamming tho door behind and turning tho key in too look. There we stood a moment to regain breath, trembling and panting, and Ruth, for one, ready to faint with terror. " Who was it?" sho gasped. "I don't know," I said. " I never waited to see." " Hush !" sho cried. " He do bo a-follo'in' 'ee. O Lord ! O Lord ! Whatever shall us do?" I clapped my hand to her mouth and listened. Sure enough footsteps were coming down the glon. Quick, Arm footsteps— those of a young man, without doubt. Wo wero too frightened to move. .We held each other by the arm and listened. The footsteps stopped at the gate, and a loud knocking began. Ruth, little fool, dropped on her knees. I, regaining courage and knowing tho gato was strong, demanded who was there. "A belated traveller,"' said a voico— and what was in its tones that should thrill me, and sot my heart beating so wildly ? " My carriage broke down midway between Penzance and here, or. X should have reached the place hours ago. .Are tho family all gone to rest for the night ?" "Say 'yes,'" I cried imperatively in Ruth's ear. " I know who the gentleman is." She staggered to her feet. "It he no ghaist, miss, then?" " Ghost — no. It is a friend. He must ho admitted. I'll slip upstairs. Sou let him in, and I will waken my mothor." "I can't e'en daur to open the gate," she cried below her breath. " Nouseuse!" I said, and shook her sharply. "You must wait until I reach tho kitchen door, and then turn the key." She rose to her feet, und I sped silently over the grass, reached the kitchen, and flow upstairs. I knocked at my mother's door, telling her I had heard someone at the gate — a traveller who had been on his way to seo us and met with an nceidont. She bade mo go down ns soon as I was dressed, and she would follow. I returned to my room to await Ruth's sum mons. It would never do to confess myself one of the foolieli maids-he had pnrsucd. He must only think it was the servants. What should the mistress of Penhurvn be doing at midnight, working midsummer churras on tho high roitd ? Palo and dumuro in my black gown, I went down into tho small parlour my mother and I used for meals, some quarter of uu hoar after Ruth hud summoned me. He was sitting by the open window, look ing out at the mystic whiteness of tho moon lit garden. He— I had no need to name him. My heart had dooe that at the first sound of his voice. He rose. I saw then how changed he was in these thrco years. His face was lined and pale. His eyes bad lost their brightness and grown dull nnd lustreless. He woro a mous tache and short pointed beard, which gave him the look of ono of tho royalists in our picture gallery, nnd was quite an unknown fashion in our part of tho world. "I — I can hardly flatter myself that you remember me, Miss Penbarva," ho said. " And what must you think of ray disturbing your household at this untimoly hour! But my carriage broke down midway between Penzunco and hero, or I should havo arrived hours ago." " I remember you very well," I said. He looked at me earnestly. " You have ohanged since I saw you lost, but tho chuugo is only to your advantage," ho said. I drow my hand away from his, and blush ing asked him to be seated. I tried to conquer my foolish confusion, to talk naturally, hut it was strangely difficult. I welcomed the appearance of Ruth with a tray of refreshment nnd a jug of cider. Sho was speedily followod by my mother, who did tho duties of hostoss in her own kind simple fashion. Then ho told us of London, and its gay doings, and spoke touchingly of our bereavement, of which be had heard from Cousin John. I wondered what business had brought him to our out-of-the-world dwell ing, but lio did not explain, saying only that ho would but trespass on our hospitality tho matter of two or three days. I spoko very little. It was pleasure onough to liston. I noted, though, that when my mother told him the houso and everything ut Pcnharva was mine, ho lookod at mo with n now attention, and after that was somewhat silent. When ho had finished his suppor, my mother herself showed him to his room. I lingorcd to givo some orders to Ruth, who oamo in to removo tho tray. "Remember," I said, pressing hard her arm. " Not a word of who was with you on this night's foolish business to anyone." Sho promised faithfully, and I wont to my own bed- chnmber. - It was flooded with moonlight. I needed no candle to undress. As I stood and lookod ut all the familiar things around mc, beautiful now by this stiver ibrao that poured in from tho 'oxion window, my oyes rested on the portrait. I started. It seemed for a moment us if it looked at mo with strango earnestness, with something of warning — as if it fain would speak. A great fear overcame mo. I raized the matobes and lit my candles quickly, then drew down tho blind. Truly imagination plays us strango tricks at times, ' CHAPTER XXXVIII. ONE 30th.— Tho two or three days have lapsod into & week, and lie is still here. Wo are much together. We ride, and sail in the . hay, und loiter in tho garden und the glou. We are great friends ' and I havo lost my shyness with him. He professes himself iu ' love with our county ways and tho beauty of the coast, and this quaint dwelling-house. Ho has explored it from garret to busemcnt with tho I ehoivo? him thoeeoret stair, and ho is now keen on discovering tho outlet. Ho thinks it 5s in somo other portion of the house, but among all the deeds and papers and plans relating to Penbarva we nave found no oluo. July 2nd.— My mother has been siok tho lost few days, and kept her room. So ho and I havo . been much thrown together. He speaks, now of leaving, but speaks always with.regret and sadness of voice, as though his heart was not with the intention. Yet what ohnrm can there bo hero to keep a fino London gentleman content! July 4th.— I am in a terrible fright. To no liviog soul dare I speak of what happened to day. But I shall write: it hero for my own satisfaction. I was sitting alone in my room this after noon, not caring to go out of doors in the great heat, when it seemed to me there came a tapping at tho wall in the direction of the portrait. I was startled, then frightoncd. I made no movement, only sat still, and gazed like one dumb with fear 'and expectation. Tho noise ceased, then there was a groping and scrap ing aB of a hand seeking something. Too terrified almost to breathe, I watched the portrait move, tho panel sink bnck, and a face look at mo through the. opening. Then I screamed as ono distraught. A voico cried to me entrcatiogly to hav<Tno fear, aud as I saw to whom tho fuco belonged, I rose, pale and angry und amazed. ""A thousand pardons," ho eried. " You gave me leave to find tho outlet, if I could, and I have done so. I came to a dead stop hero, so tried the wall. Have I frightened you?" 1 s "You havo indeed," I' raid, trembling still. " May I come in and ask pardon ? " " No, no," I said, hastily. " You did not know, of course." And ouriosity overcoming terror I approached and looked down the secret possugo. Ho lmd n lantern in his band, and showed me how it winded and twisted into the darkness below. "There is hut room, for one," ho said. " Arc you afraid to venture before or after me?" " l am afraid of rats and vermin," I said. " Besides the stair hus no interest for me. I am not likely to use it. "It is plain," he said, "that country morals are unliko those of town ladies. This would be found mighty useful by somo of them." I told him it was very venturesome of him to havo como thither, not knowing whence tho stair might have led, and he answered— no matter wlmt. Fino phrases doubtless come easy to town folk ...» For long he stayed there talking, and as my eyes grow accustomed to the gloom, I saw what seemed a small chest or caso standing on a shelf just abovo his head. I drew his attention to it, and ho put up his hand and drew it down. It proved to he an iron box, with a strong lock, and was of great weight. Full of curiosity to sco its contents, I made him bring it within my room. Just as wo wore examining it, I heard my. mother's voice calling from her's. He seized my hand. " Say nothing of this, I implore, "ho whisperod ! "What would she tiiiuk if she found mo hero !" I nodded acquiescence and withdrew, leaving him there with tho box. My mother detained roe some time. When I was free to roturn to my room again I found it deserted. The box stood in tho same place, und tho pnuol was closed, but on the tablo was a sheet of paper addressed to me.. It said: "Dear 3|iss Penbarva, — Tho lid was ill- securcd. I leave you to examine it at your loasure. Do not, I entreat you, fear that I shall make any use of this knowledge, und keep.it a secret, I beseech you. I will show you the other entrance whenever you desire." I put the paper iu my pocket, aud turned my -attention to the box. The lid opened easily, somewhat to my surprise. I knelt down to see what treasure had been so care fully hidden. There wore somo old silver flagons with the Pcnharva crest, somo frag ments of luce, yellow and torn, und a minia ture or two sot in gold. " No great treasure after all," I thought. I closed tho lid, and stooped to push the box aside into a corner of tho room. Remem bering its great weight I put forth all my strength. To my surprise it moved with ease now. As I pushed it I noted a slip of paper lying on tho floor. It was yollow with age, and the writing faded und almost illegible. I took it to the light of the win dow, and made oat it was a list of tho con tents of this said box or ehest, as it was called, hearing the date of 1650, and purporting to be nn occouut of the hidden wealth of one Humfrey Pcnharva, secreted here for fear of discovery on tho part of Cromwell's Iron sides. j TO BE CONTINUED. 