CHAPTER XXTV.—RIVAHS. They 'had'moved a little while they were talking, "so that 'by this time their steps had taken them round "the house and into the flower garden. Joeelyn felt that there was not much more for him to do but to take his leave; he only want ed to know when he might come again. "My sister is with me at the Tower," he said. "She is very anxious to make your acquaintance; you -will let her call, I hope?" 'T shall'jba-yery pleased, to see hert" she said mechanically, "if she cares to come." "And perhaps," said Jocelyn, "you aauII r»nrrm fr» Tntvpr srvmn- dnvV" come to the Tower some day?" "Oh, no," she said very decidedly, with a little blaze of angry color in her cheeks. "Most certainly I shall not." "But why not?" he persisted. "It was your father's house, and we do not want to keep you away." "Indeed," she said, "I was under the impression that you wished to keep me away altogether. I have never been inside ■Daunay's Tower in my life, and you will please understand, Mr. Daunay, that un less I come there as its mistress I do not come at all." . . "Come there as its mistress, by all means," said Jocelyn, with a sudden light ing-up of his whole face, which Annabel did not understand. "I can guarantee," he went on, "as far as I am concerned, you need never come there as anything but its mistress." But be spoke from a point of view which Annabel had not yet learned to realise. As she paused for a moment in some perplexity her eye was caught by the approach of a vehicle by a long-winding road from the village of High Bigg; it was not the doctor's dog-cart this time, with its jingling harness and bright red wheels. It seemed more like a'little pony-carriage, containing one person only beside the driver, and Jocelyn could not repress a start—the lady in the carriage was. Mrs. Wvcherly, who, he remembered, had that very morning been asking liim Avhether she could obtain a carriage of any sort at the inn, as she thought that a little fresh air would do her good. Jocelyn knew very well that this was a hint for him to offer to drive her about the country, but he was not in the least disposed to take the hint, and had, therefore, handed lier over to the care of his sister, and sent a message down ~To the Daunay Arms for the best open vehicle. that_ Mr._ Grier possessed. It seemed as if Edith had also deserted her guest, for Lenore was alone, and her lovely face looked re markably picturesque _ beneath a broad, black hat, with ostrich feathers, and a bewildering mixture of lace and fur round her neck to enhance the peachlike bloom of her velvety skin. Annabel's eyes had never before rested on such a vision of beauty and elegance, and they grew larger with wonder as the carriage passed. But, although she knew it not, she was in her own way quite as fair a vision as the more modish women of the World. She wore only a cotton frock, very simply mode, and faintly blue in color. The straw 'hat on her head had been browned by the suns of many seasons; but these drawbacks were, as Jocelyn con sidered, insignificant in comparison with her wild rose complexion and her wonder fully beautiful eyes. The white bird on her shoulder seemed to emphasise the serenity and innocence of her appearance: ^md it was almost with a sigh of envy that Lenore sank back in the carriage after having bow ed to Jocelyn with an astonished lift of her evebrows and a smile which seemed to show that she suspected him possibly of making- love to some unsophisticated peasant girl. "Do you know that lady? How beautiful she is," said Annabel, when the carriage had passed. . "Yes, I know her," Jocelyn answered. "She is •staying for a few days at the Tower. She is a friend of my sister's." He hoped that he might be pardoned for his perversion, of the truth. ' "She is quite lovely," said Annabel frankly. ( "I wonder if people like that are as good as they are beautiful?" "It would hardly be possible, would it?" said Jocelyn, a little cynically: : "If I were that lady," said Annabel, •laughing, 'T think I should like to try. She reminds me of somebody. I wonder who it is?" She paused for a moment, with her finger laid reflectively' on her lips. - "I know," she Said at length. "It is Doctor Eugene." "Doctor who?" "Dr. Lechmere. I have known him all | my life, you know, and I often call him Dr. Eugene as a sort of pet name. It is | curious; he .is not-exactly handsome, and yet he is like that lady." ! "Now you mention it," said Jocelyn, "I | was troubled the first time I 'studied Dr. Leekmere's face by a faint;resemblance to someone I knew. You are right; there is -a sort- of .resemblance.between him and Mrs. Wyclierly.'A . "Surely," said Annabel reflectively, "he cannot be related to anybody like that?" • "Why not—like that—-?" said - Jo celyn. . •' ' ' - She-laughed out frankly. "Dr. Lech mere does not seem that sort of. person, does he? He is so very frank and uncon ventional: so very abrupt in his ways. That beautiful lady does;not.look as if she could he brusque- if she tried." "No, I'don't think she could.'be. To be with her is/like breathing the atmos phere-of a hothouse. It is all perfume and warmth and color. I prefer the clear ] mountain air and the flowers of the hill side." There -was unmistakable signifi-1 cenee in his Aroice and his eyes. It brought the color to Annabel's cheek, and she Ava3 vexed to feel that it did so. To cover j her blush she made a laughing remark. "The world likes the hothouse flowers best," she said, "and pays for them most dearly." , "The hothouse flowers are neATer loved like the Avild blossoms," said Jocelyn. • Ttnf.'-Vcrtiri f-liA cnrl with «fi . Perhaps not,""fsaid. the. girl -with some reseiwe. "I do not-knOw A'ery much about hothouses, nor about the.world,.you;| :: .-''Ho, you iire "the mountain' blossom,': said J ocelyn,arid he managed to look' the. compliment Ayhich hi's-lips.'did not: dare'to say. A . "• :"I must go >. tq; my aunt/ said-the girl; "Good morning,- Mr. Daunay. : If '. you turn to the right, you. will-' probably meet vour friend . and can drive home with her." "ManAr thanks," said Jocelyn. "I think I prefer to walk." He did not know Avhetlier she meant to shake hands Avith liim or not; but, as lie raised his hat, she held out. her'hand Avith.a faintj'amused, little smile. i "Good-bye," she said. "I shall be glad to see your sister, if she will call." This was a great concession on her part, and came from the remembrance of the Avords that Dr. Lechmere had used to her, minding her that Jocelyn was also to be considered "a vertebrate animal." He would not have been very much flattered if he had knOAvn the origin of her smile. He had no fancy to meet Mrs. Wycherly, and therefore SAvung doAvn. the road m the direction of High Bigs at a good pace. But he had not alloAvea. for a cross cut, which it seemed that the driver had taken on his Avay home. For, before he entered the village, the pony carriage had overtaken him and drew up in the middle of the road. "Do let me drive you home,'! said Lenore, Avitli her sweetest smile. "Dear Edith Avas busy this morning, but, as you so kindly ordered the carriage for me I tnought that I would take a little drive." "If I had knoAvn that you Avould be alone T should have been most happy to escort you. Where is Beynold this morn ing?" *:0h, he has gone to see some friends who have a place in this neighborhood," said Lenore. "He knoAvs Cumberland pret ty Avell and has friends in every direction. What a lovely creature you Avere talking to just noAy. Who can she be?" "She is the niece of one of old Mr. Dau nay's tenants," said Jocelyn calmly. "One of my tenants, perhaps, I ought to say. But 1 suppose you knoAV that there is some dime little difficulty about my title to the res tate." His lip curled rather maliciously as he asked the question. Lenore turned her soft brown eyes upon him. "Indeed, I didn't knoAV " Avith an ac cent of genuine horror. "But of course it is all nonsense, and you Avill keep posses sion of the place." "I am not sure," said Jocelyn lightly. He was amused at the situation, for he knew how much importance Mrs. Wycher ly attached to Avealth and position^ and now that his infatuation for her was over lie Avas disposed to play Avith her predilec tions as a cat plays Avith a mouse. "I think it is highly prolaable that the place ■will pass out of my hands altogether and then I shall be worse off than ever, for I may be called upon to pay up certain sums which have been made over to me from the estate. So, for all that I know, beggary and ruin lie before me." "You take it Arery cheerfully," said Mrs. Wyeherlev. "Don't you remember, I ahvays told you that I didn't much A-alue Avealth," be said. And there AA'as a carelessness in his voice Avhich made Lenore look at him curiously. He was older, she noticed, more of a man than Avhen she first kneAv him. He seemed quite independent of her opinion now. "Is there another claimant, then, to the I estate?" she asked, a little jealously. "T remember you spoke to me of a daughter. | But did she not die?" "That is just it. She did not die," said Jocelyn, "although Mr. Daunay, in a fit of passion, represented, for liis own ends, that she av.os dead. But she is alive and Avell, and I myself am quite convinced that old Mr. Daunay's property ought to belong to her." "But, my dear Jocelyn," Lenore said incredulously, "are ' you quite - sure?" I Didn't Mr. Daunay leaA-e you the estate | by will?" "He left it to his next-of-kin," said Jocelyn, Avith a laugh. "And a daughter is presumedly nearer of kin than a first cousin-once-removed. When the facts are all established I shall not have a leg to stand .on, and. I don't supposq- the. matter will pass through a court at all. We shall just settle it amicably—Miss Daunay and 1." * '•Is she youngV" ! '•Quite young," said JoceljTXj with laud able gravity. i . - "You told me of old Mr. Daunay s plan. Was she the girl whom he wanted you to marry?" _ "Exactly. And, with the; greatest pos sible wisdom, Miss Daunay . refused to do SO." . "My poor Jocelyn-';—" she laid her hand upon his arm with a pretty caress ing movement. "How badly you have been treated! I have never heard of a more distressing case. And' what a harpy the girl must be! Why does she not offer at least to divide the property with | ' y°Mf she did I don't think;: I should like to take it. No, she is quite welcome to the estate—Daunay's Tower and all,' as far as I am concerned. I have different views for myself." Lenore took the remark <is referring to herself. "'Ah! Jocelyn," she said, with a plaintive sigh, "we can't all be quite liappy in our emotions, much as we should like it. You will have to marry an heiress. You might even marry Miss Da unay herself." ?. . ., *'I tell you she has x-efused me already, said Joceiyn quickly. % "Possibly she • had not seen you then; That makes such a difference sometimes," with her head on one side. "Unfortu nately heiresses are almost;: always ugly, I poor things. Perhaps she is deformed or I sickly, or betrays her origin:in some way. Her mother was quite a peasant .woman, I ,have heard." t T , "Don't go on, please, said Jocelyn® coldly. "I may as well tell you that young lady whom you admired so much just now is "my cousin—Annabel Daunay— and I have every intention by and by, of asking lier to become my xvife.' He had been driven into mailing this announcement and regretted it im mediately afterwards. ; . Mi's. Wyeherly laughed aloud. what a laudable determination!" she said; and Jocelyn wished that he had bitten out his tongue before he spoke the words. After this little skirmish: conversation languished for a time. Jocelyn was vexed with himself for having said so much. Mrs. Wycberly was pensively inclined. But when the village was reached Jocelyn bethought himself of liis duties as a host, and began to point out the-few objects ot interest that High'Bigg contained. There was the little white eliurcli, the school house, the old-fashioned river, the cobble^ stones with which the road was paved, and the queer old bridge across the stream. Lenore shrugged her shoulders. "The scenery is beautiful," she said, "but your architecture does not appeal to me. And I suppose you are the: only gentle folks in the place." /:. '< "The Merchants are our nearest neigh bors and tliey are three miles away. But there is a very nice old clergyman and- a clever doctor." "So Edith said." . "Yes. lie has quite a reputation about here. I have heard that Lord Kershaw says he would not trust many a big Lon don man so much as lie would trust Dr. Lechmere." ; ' "Dr.—who?" - • _'c ■ 'Lechmere; Eugene Lechmere. Do you know the name? ■ said Jocelyn, suddenly conscious of her paleness and of the startled look upon lier face, j • ,, "Why, it was my own maiden name, she sai'd, recovering herself with a laugh. "It quite startled me when you mention ed it. I -wonder if, lie is a relation ot mine." ■ ■ • ; ■ ' ' "We. might ask him to dinner and then we should see!" ' '■ "Oh, don't trouble-to do that. I scarce- j lv: feel equal to seeing strangers,' said Lenore, with lier most bewitching smile, "though I feel. that this exquisite air is doing me a great deal of good. But I shall have to call him in professionally if I have another attack of neuralgia, and ask him for something to brace me up; for that long, wearisome jouniej' to Lhndon, which I (lread so much." "Don't go until you feel equal to it, , said Jocelvn kindly. "The :house is: at your disposal as long as ever you like. The accommodation is too poor for you—that. is the only thing whieh prevents me from pressing vou to stay."; "On the contrary, I am most comfort able," said Mrs. Wyeherly. "If I do hot inconvenience you, I feel sure that a few days' rest and quiet would do me all the good in the world. Are you: sure Edith will not mind if I stay, /just a little while?" "It it does you good she xvill he delight ed," said Jocelyn, with emphasis. "Of course you understand that — own tenure of the . place somewhat precarious. T should never have set' foot in it myself without Miss Annabel Daunay's permission, and we might have to turn out at any mo-', ment. But as long as wc are here we are most pleased to have you for a guest." "How changed he is." thought Mrs. Wy chex'ly to herself. "He was a. bov before —he is a- man now!" And slie liked him better than she had ever done in his boyish days. But, aloud, she only answer ed sweetly— , „ . ' T "It'is indeed very kind of you. And 1 will see your clever doctor to-morrow, if vou will be so good as to let him know." " "He is there," said Jocelyn, suddenly descrying Lechmere's alert-figure emerging .from one of the houses in the village street. "Excuse me—I'll, speak to him. Stop, driver!" , , : And,-as the carriage stopped Eugene ..Leclmiere stopned also and stared at the Woman at Jocelyn's side as if she had been h ghost. , (To he continued.), 