? ? TEHEE times the sun had risen and set: and the spark of life, though twenty times seemly at its last flicker, had not died. They had been three terrible nights and days. The four prisoners in the forest had not yet starved, for even in the forests of that land Nature spreads a table for the hungry, as many an escaped stave had proved: and, for that matter, no man finds out anywhere how generous Nature is until he Is at his utmost need. The stream had fish, and the Squire and the keeper's daughter contrived to take them : and Nance had learned from her father how to make a springe. And then their were rootB, and strange fungi, which the physician knew how to choose. Nor, as yet, waB there a sign of their being followed from LOB Bouquets. Francis would have taken horse and ridden over to the ruins, only that had he been seen aud followed his comrades would have been doomed. For they had become chained tc the side of the dying man. It wis this, more than aught else, that gave their situation its limitless horror—they were waiting for death to set them free. There could not be much talk, even, by the Bide of the dying .man who had nothing to leave behind. But if poor Cucumber Jacb had been a Prince or a millionaire, and had Jacques Carrel been a Court physician working for fees and fame, the Doctor could Dot have gone to work with more singlehearted and unflagging zeal. Nor did that fine lady, Msdame, with her quick wit and her quicker heart, fail him at his need. It is true she did nothing: but she waB always there, swift to break down and to quarrel if things went well, Bwifter to be brave and patient so Boon as they went ill. As for Francis, he bad enough to do as huntsman. But his duties were not so great as to hinder bim from observing Nance Derrick, and wonderiDg over her more and more. She had become a mystery indeed— so great a mystery in her own self that the bare fact of her being there was a mere nothing in comparison. After all were the Nsnce Derrick of Stoke Juliot and the Nanette of Les Bouquets, now of the virgin fereet of the West, truly one and the same ? Be had left her on the beach what Phil Derrick's daughter was bound to be—a quiet, uninstructed girl, only differing from her neighbours in her solitary ways. Here, in His paniola, she was a lady—and something more. It was not that she could speak a foreign tongue as if it were her own, and that she knew enough science and history to talk with the Doctor on his own ground—a great deal at leaBt it seemed to Francis Carew. It was that she seemed, in spreading her wings, to have left Stoke Juliot far beneath her, and not merely far away; whereas ho himself had wandered, but always oa the same level still. Would ever Mabel Openshaw, that unapproachable and unattainable beauty now lost for ever, have risen to this level, wiih four living creatures, one dying and three living, on her hands ? For there was no question but that Nance Derrick, without assumption, but as a matter of courso, rose into the placo of command. It was she who, out of tho inheritance of her father's woodcraft, put her master to bait tho extemporized line and to set the springe. It was she who cooktd the food when caught—and well for them was it that Francis waB a smoker of tobacco, or thoy might have sought for steel and tinder in vain. It was she who wound up Madame's heart whenever it ran down, and who, when the Doctor rested, took her patient and intelligent place beside the sick man. Thus there was but little time for talk between her and Francis. Indeed he thought now and then that she even sought to avoid him, though without any conceivable reason why. He had not yet learned on what kiud of broomstick she had flown frSm Stoke Juliot to Les Bouquois; and whenever he approached the question, some errand was sure to call her away. However, it did not take three days' nor even one, for him to regard her as a part of the natural order of things, wherever she might be, and however she might have come there. Yet, if there was scant opportunity for talk, there was still less for keeping at a distance through all those dragging hours among these four. And the more ho saw of Nance, the more he marvelled at the recollection of ouco upon a time when ho was conscious of a condescension io dropping in for a chat with Nance Derrick, his keeper's daughter, and when she used to receive him with the modest humility of one who knew his place and her own. For if this were really that same Nance Derrick, he must have been deaf and blind in thofe days. No wonder Quickset, hang him! had thought her worth the notice of a fine gentleman. Why, the finest of fine gentlemen waB not good enough for hers—now. These were far-away thoughts for a man in his plight; but the more and more, since he had given up all thought or hope of returning, did his thoughts, whereof no man IB master, insist on turning back tbe homeward road. It was like enough, what with the chances of ague, and marsh fever, and beasts, and such men as were abroad, they might all perish in the forest or among the lagoons together; and that likelihood turned his thoughts homeward all the more. ' Life is a bigger riddle than I took it for,' Nance,' said he, as he watched her watching the sick man, with his head pillowed on the saddle and his face sheltered from tbe moonlight by a canopy of broad-leaved branches—the Doctor taking bis rest in sn arbour hard by-under the care of Madarne; ' A bigger riddle, by far. It's all waste, it seems to me. There is the Dootor, clever and learned, being wasted on that poor vagabond who's better out of the world than in. And there's Madame, ft fine lady, being wasted on a jungle and on a man who prefers any vagabond's life to tor's. And that poor lellow's life itself—watted on that of a rpf more useless vagabond—to wit, Pyanois ,Carew. Aud you yourself, ^fance, once wasted on Hornacombe flandB, and now on—Heaven knows on what, but it's all the same.' A riddle ! Ay, indeed,' eaid she. • But waste ? There is nothing wasted— so says Doctor Carrel. Though, indeed, it is sometimes hard to see.' ' Hard indeed! Hard iB not the word. You seem to have learned a great deal from these Oarrels.' 1 It is not their fault it is so little. And sometimes I wish it were less—it only makes me apt to feel—to doubt— to see things in a haze instead of straight and clear. But it is not their fault; for they, who know so much more, see as straight as if they knew nothing at all. He sees his duty, and she sees him. That is not waste—it is wisdom, it seems to me.' ^ 'Nance—I don't know your story; and I don't ask what you don't choose to tell. But I can seo this, that you are no more Nance Derrick of Stoko Juliot than I am anything but tbe same Francis Carew. Your look is different; your talk is not the same. There is nothing left of you but your voire and your name.' 'Perhaps I om not the same,' said she. And in truth how could it be Denick's daughter who was watchiDg over his murderer as loyally as if he had been that father's own fon ? It could not be helped—tho lojality was to Doctor Carrel. But it seemed that, do what Ehe would, there wu» always some perverse fate at hand to rob her uf justice, even in a West Indian forest where there was no church and no law. No—he must not die. Ho must not escape her so. WaB it for this that BIIO had pursued him to the other end of the world? That would lie waste indeed. And yet, oven if ho lived, how was justice to be dune? ' There is no waeto — there shall be none !' she exclaimed, with' a sudden energy. ' It must mean something, for good or ill—and it shall !' ' No, Nance,' Paid Franeie, a little startled, but reading in her words no more than met the ear. ' I've said " must" and " shall" too, ay, and " will"—but I might as well have said won't and can't, and so saved a lot of waste at the beginning. It's agrfe since I've opened my heart to a soul; and there was Nance Derrick once, to whom I always used to gossip in the old times — and I wish she were hero.' Nance said nothing. What was she to say ? ' And then,' said ho, ' even if ehe were, I should uever see her again, before I came in for Hornacombe, I « as goii g lor a soldier ; and if ever I got out of this, I'll sell Horuacntnbe to any fool that wants it, and buy a commission. It won't be all waste to give the King more food for French powder —though I can't hate the French as much as I ought, when your half Frenchman yourself, Nance, and your doctor's fit to be an Englishman, if he were a little less queer. Yes—that's about the best thing I can do I'm a failure, Nance ; that's what I am.' 'What!' she exclaimed. 'A failure besauEe a girl has said No ? . . . , Sh ill I tell you what Nance Derrick of Stoke Juliot once said to—to Miss Mabel Openshaw ? She snid . . . . but never mind tlist. That is all over a thousand times. Oh, I <an understnnd ivbat a broken heart means, and a dead one, too. I have cried out to heaven in my tiuif, and no answer came. 1 have triod to seil my soul—and even now But a man ! A man to despair because of a woman's word !' What lover ever thought it strange to find his love notorious among the Cynocepliali ? What li.ver would not Uiuk it strange if he found it unknown uvon st the South Pole? Francis shook liis head sadly. ' It is not that,' said ho. 'If it wore It is that she his set me a task I have sworn to do beforo [ cnu win h*r ; and I have failed.' Nmie sat ai;d listened in silencc, while tbe man fhe loved in Fccret spen' 'ho night watch in telling her his love tale. And then she took the w> rd; sadly enough, for though she could not wholly comprehend such martyrdom to a senseless vow, it made hor feel that her own one dream was more sonseless still. Mabel did not love him—that she had alvays known. But how he must love her! And how could ehe even hint that his labor had been thrown away an ompty dream ? Better ho should think he had loBt than know he could never have won. But her silence in itself was like sympathy, And when Francis also lapsed into congenial silence, he felt, for tbe first time since his mother died, that he was not alone. In Mabel's company, he had known nothing but infinite unrest— never bad be folt that sho had understood him; uever had ho dared to feel that he had the least insight into a nature that was made, not to be comprehended, but adored. But, though Naoco was far more enveloped in mystery, be had assurance, as they sat there in silence, that ho had a sister and a friend—that, if Mabel wrs a divine star, Nance was a fire wherep.c a man might warm his hands, and his heart besides. Tho fire is as mysterious as the star, not less if not more; but the one mystery is ;ar avray and for all—the other, near, and bind, and all our owu. 'Mabel! Is that you?' "Was he dreaming? or had tho ghost of the forest yet some echo to mock him wi h the semblance of a dream ? It was not ho who Bpoke; it was not Nance ; •t was a faint, weary voice, such as might eound from a grave. But it was as clear as it was faint and thin. And not only did he hear it—which might have proved it excited fancy—but Nance also; for after one breathless moment she leaped up acd ran to Madame's bower. ' Monsieur the Doctor—Quii k! He wakes—ho speaks—he is alive!' Yes ; it was Cowcumber Jack, whose first word, on shaking off .what had seemed a dying lethargy, waB the name of her of whom Francis parew's mind was full. But, quickor than Francis could wonder, tie Doctor had woke, and was by his patient's side. ' Gently—gentlysaid he. ' This ie what 1 hoped—ah, it is not Jacques Carrel who ever speak die! But gently, gently, before all. Oh but for one drop of oognao! But Nature—she has done one marvel, and she shall do some more, Nanette—you have kept always the luuiUi'l Of course—bring it now. Sup, won ami. No; not one drop more. Ah, this is good—I would not have loBt a Home-Sick as this, no, not for all the Les Bouquets back again. Antoinette oome hitter ? See what thy husband has done—Art against that imbecile, that humbug, Nature: and Art has won. So \—triumjihnvii Jacobus Carre! J But gently—gently, before all!' Francis stirred the fire into a'blaze. The wounded man turned his opsning eyes to the flame, and then upon a group surrounding him. ' I've had a devil of a long sleep,' said he feebly, and in tones (hat seemed to belong to another man. ' But where am I ? This is not Depe Wood—no, nor Baee Wood—I can tell that by the smell.' ' Come, my friend,' said the Doctor, ' talking will never do. Yes; you have had a long sleep; and you must have another before you tell your dreams. You are safe, and with friends; that must be enough for you now. Nanette —you may rest. 1 will remain with Jean Concombre.' ' Jean Concombre ?' inquired he ' Yes ; what you call Jack Cucumber, that is you. You observe ho has forgotten his name!' ' Not a bit ot it,' said Cucumber Jack. ' Perhaps you will kindly tell me yours, if I tell you mine. My name is Arthur OpenBhaw. And now, if you please, who are jou, and where am I, beforo I go to sleep again ? It strikes me I shall sloop a little better, if I know. Arthur Openshaw. Why U' t? Or Arthur Heron, then —it's all ono. Jack Cucumber indeed ! YCB; I've heard tho name somewhere—but the notion of it's being mine " The Doctor looked at him iutently as he i-poke; then turned round with a triumphant smile. • Nnw if I am not tbo most fortunate of men! Antoiietto—Nanetto—Monsieur Carew—tlie'e is a man who, had he been sane, must of that wound have gone mad or died. Being insane, he had to die or become sane. He is not dead; he is sane—as sane—as I!' And he was showing his sanity ; for before Francis could assure himself that the trees were not whirling round in a wild dance, the man was as Bound gsleep as man can he. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 