Political Situation. Ma. Dickson cannot be hold entirely free from blame for tlio present delay of public business. Adverse votes wore Riven on "Wcdnosdav evenins. hut lio allowed tho House to adjourn as if all things wore to continue as they havo been, till the cud of time. Next day, nearly twenty-four hours afterwards, lie wont down to tho House and announced that he desired to take time to con sider his position, and moved that tho Houso adjourn till Tuesday ; over a period including ouo sitting day, two non-sitting duys, aud a Sunday. But lie needed only one day, for on Friday it was resolved that tho Govern ment resign, and their resignation wus tendered next day (Saturday) at noon. Mr. Dawson was sent for in tho after noon of that day, but what ean ho done ou a Saturday afternoon ? And nothing could bo done' ou Sunday. Tho lion, member hud only Monday for consultation ; and . it was only reasonable that ho should ask the House to give him time. In this way five sitting days have been sacrificed, when if Mr. Dickson had taken tho usual course, Mr. Dawson must have said, yesterday, that he had formed or could not form a Government. The fates aro cruel to Mr. Dickson; he seems incapable of escaping thoir clutches. Having lost nearly all the year over ' his federation lunacy, he closed., his sad eareor by bungling over his resignation, so that even tho estimates for' the year cannot ho passed before Christmas, unless passed, without consideration. _ "What Mr. Dawson can do, it is for him to say. It' is possible for him to form a Government out of his own party. But if the whole party is the head, where will he the body? "He and his friends pride themselves in being a band of Ishmaclitcs. The inconvenience of that situation is manifest at a time liko the present. Ho has to form a party as well as a Government. To ask others to join his party is to ask them to do so on ono of two conditions — namely, cither to accept ull the party policy, or to accept so much of it as may he fitted iii with ' tlio added material brought by the now allies. The former is the consistent course for Mr. Daw son ; the latter is the necessary course if lie is to form a Govern ment that can last for a day. It rests with him, therefore, to say to which course ho will set liis craft. Having resolved on a compromise, liis real difficulties will begin, for it is not possible to form a party lnrgo enough to "bo effective without including at least all who voted 111 the ." l majority 011 Wednesday. There ought to ho moro ; for Mr. Dawson could not carry on with a , majority of three. The question, thoroforo, is if tho middlo parties, and supportors of tlio late Gov ernment, will follow liim iu sufficient numbers to givo him- the ghost of a chance. Why ask sueli a question? The answer must he, no ; and ho ought to know that right well. And under sueh conditions he cannot ask for a dissolution. In any caso he could not, for his platform has been before tho country for years. It would bo without precedent for him to do so. He must shoot his holt, and take the conscqucncos. His friends should tell him at onco that an attempt to do anything that might bo made a pretext for asking for a dissolution would militato against hiux ; that the Governor could not grant liis request, or that if by any technical right ho 'could dissolve tho House, clcotors would ho exasporatcd beyond measure against him and his party. It requires no prophot's eye to see tho courso that ought to he taken"; A wholly new Government might "bo formed of those who voted iu tho majority on Wednesday, hacked up by members who supported tho late Govern ment. Bailing that, all members of tho old parties must como together, forming a Government made up out of all the parties ; and that would be a very oasy task. Thcuamcsof members to form the brand new Government aro on tho lips of all poisons ; and so also aro tho names of mombcrs to form a coalition Government. Thoy include two memr bors, at least, of tho late Government, tho others aro quiokly selected. The list includes Mossrs. Philp, Chataway, Forrest, Groom, Drake, and a central Queensland man. 