' = PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. Three anniversary services in connection with the above church were held last Sunday, and conducted by tlie Ilev. >J. K. Metcalfe. The congregations were good, considering the boisterous weather. Mr. Metcalfe preached in the morning from Zechariah, -111 chap., v. 1-3— -subject, "The function of the church in tho world." The great function of the church, he deeinred, was the regeneration of men. This desirable object could only be accomplished by the consecrated effort of Christian men. Tho methods of securing the end were suggested, and the preacher went on lo show that while learning, social position, and other forces were not to be ignored, spiritual power was indispensable to success. In the afternoon the text was from 1st I'eter, 2nd chapter and 9th verse — subject, "The priesthood of believers." Jn the evening Mr. Metcalfe preached from John, 12th chapter, 32nd verse — subject, "The attractiveness of tiie Cross." The attraction of Jesus Christ, said tho preacher, lay in His personality, the principles He taught, and the life He led. These were among the strongest forces tiiat appealed to men to consecrate themselves to the spread of civilisation, liberty, and righteousness. Christ had — in contrast to other leaders and founders — established His kingdom by the bonds of love. Anthems were rendered, at the afternoon and evening services, by tho choir, under the conductorship of Mr. J. Campbell, Miss Hyde acting as organist. THE TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. On Monday night the annual tea and public meeting wore hold in the Oddfellows'-liali. Tea was on the tables at (>.15, nnd at that hour tbo interior wore an animated aspect, for, with tbc singing of grace, the lirst " silting " took their places. The tables— six in number — were amply supplied with the dchcacic3 usual on such occasions, and were presided over by tiie following ladies : — No. 1, Mrs. J. Campbell, assisted by Mrs. G. Godfrey and the Misses- Campbell (2). No. 2, Mcsdamcs Clayton, Hewilson, J. Jones, and D. Jonc3. No. 3, Mesdaines L. Davis, D. Morgan, and tiie Misses Evans (2). No. 1, Mcsdamcs Iloskins, W. Genders, nnd Miss Ham mond. No. 5, Mcsdamcs J. Genders, D. Genders, and Miss Genders. No..C was supplied by the P.M. Christian Endeavor Society, and presided over by Misses G. Morgan and Newton. About200 sat down to tea. Mr. 1. Eastcrbrook filled tho position of " inner guard," while Mr. Mosscrop kindly placed iiisl blacksmith's shop at the committee's disposal in which to make the tea, tho night being somewhat . boisterous. The ladies-in-waiting were most atten tive to their patrons' requirements, while the latter, in turn, manifested hearty appreciation of their ten. The tables were speedily cleared away nnd the seats arranged for the meeting, at which about 300 were.present. The Hon. J. Cook presided, and was supported on the platform by. the Revs. J. E. \- Metcalfe, D. Lascron, D. Fulton, and W. Pcllinger. Proceedings opened with the hymn, "Ail Hail the Power," after which prayer was offered by the"' Rev. Pettinger. The chairman asked the Rev. Mr. Pettinger to present the annual financial stntement. This docu ment read iis follows : — Income : church anniversary , demonstration, 1898, £21 Is Od ; donation from Sunday-school, £7 ; donations towards fixing new lights in church, £9 13s Gd ; donation from Hon. J. Cook, for cleaning nnd- painting church, £5 ; other donations for same purpose, £51 Is Cd ; further special donations by .Messrs. Campbell nnd Hay (who had previously " given liberally), 15s - lOd. Total, £52 2s Id. Expenditure : expenses of last anni versary, £2 17s ; general repairs to church, £25 Ms ; new lights in-church, £6 5s ; cleaning ami painting church, £10 8s Od ; carting ashes, 8s ; floor-covering for rostrum, table-cloth, cord for windows, etc., 15s Id; new guttering, etc., for church', £5 "14s Gd. Total. £52 2s Id. Interest oil £200 mortgage on church nnd parsonage, at 0 per cent., £12 ; insurance 911 church, 9s 3d ; insurance on parsonage, 10s 3d ; municipal rates, £2 17s ; gas for the year, £1 18s fid. Total, £20 15s 2d.' Grand total, £72 17s 6d. Mr. Pettinger stated that it was hoped the proceeds of tho present effort would about meet their liabilities, which had bcun in excess of the income. He wished to thank Mr. If. Flack, who had kindly ornninented the interior of the church with a nicely-painted text. The balance-sheet was received with.ncclaraation". The chairman promised only, a short address, at the outset, of which he congratulated the minister, ' officers, and church generally oil the very, favorable report read. Reviewing the year's work in all its aspects, there was good reason for all found .con gratulation — thanks to those who had borne the brunt of the burden and managed the various insti tutions associated with their church. A fact worth noticing, loo, was that the church continued to work smoothly in nil its ramifications, and they should be thankful to know that they had such a good minister ns tho Rev. Mr. Pettinger, who was nu excellent preacher, as well as n good worker for- tho benefit of his people and church. The speaker also paid a high compliment to the Rev. Mr. Met calfe, to whose eloquent. and instructive sermons he had listened witli much pleasure on the previous day. Tic esteemed it a privilege to preside at the annual public- meeting in connection with his own little church. After all, the object of these efforts was to make the lives of men aud women brighter nnd happjer, and this would be the more readily accomplished as the people recognised God's claims upon them, nnd strove to live noble and righteous lives. Mr. Cook concluded by reading an apology from the llcv. F. J. Curwood. (Applause.) Tho Rev. D. Lnseron said it was about three j'ears since lie first met Mr. Pettinger, and he was pleased to be there that evening to manifest, his loving sym-' pnlliy wilh the Primitive Methodist church as a whole, nnd with his personal and valued friend, the llcv. William Pettinger. In his church' they went in a good deal for festivals, nnd,. as they, on last Sunday, celebrated the anniversary of the founda tion of the Christian Church — the Hay of Pontcpost, — lie -had unjoined upon his people: " Be ye par takers of the Holy Ghost." As the Primitive Methodists wero practically commencing a new church yenr of work nnd fresh- resolutions, he would; suggest that keynoto ns the one which should vibrate .through and quicken their spiritual lives, for, with-- out the power from on High, they could not hope to biiccccd. Ho trusted that the year upon which they were entering would compare favorably with tho one just closed, and that the P.M. church would bc- come even a greater power for good in the land. . The Rev. J. E. Metcalfe expressed pleasure at . having tho opportunity of visiting Litbgow, and' offered bis sincere congratulations to his friends upon . the linppy "condition of their trust affairs. Ho only wished matters wore in a similar state in Sydney, where ho was stationed. The fact of owing only £200 011 tho church and parsonage was something to boast about. When they considered what Method ism was, and how they ns a church had sought so successfully, in many instances, to cope with the growing needs of humanity at large, thoy could not liu t feel proud. of their denomination. And, while they .trusted in tho Divine Leader, victory in the conflict against sin and vice, in all their heinous forms, was suro. Tt. was hard to define what wns meant by tho saving of a man, as different people bold diversified ideas on the subject. But, if he understood the term rightly, it meant the salvation of men from their sins and the bringing of their live3 into subjection and conformity witli the will of Christ. -The prosperity of a country consisted not in tho number, of its princes, or of its naval or mili tary power, etc., but in tho free nnd contented lives of the mass of its people. This the church wns en deavoring to do — ahil was in a measure accomplish ing. Tlie secret of all real successes in life was a noble, nnd righteous manhood, and the gospel of Christ was capable of accomplishing this in the lives of all, if allowed to have free course. Tho speaker, by means of several applicable anecdotes, illustrated . . -and enjoined upon his audience tho necessity for being out and out Christians— full of holy zeal, practical and loving sympathy, nnd a desire for the . salvation of others. A11 icy Christian often did more harm limn good, nnd lie prayed tlint God would muku thorn a live church. By way of conclusion, the rev. gentleman said he had not, until the pre vious Saturday, had tlie pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mrs. l'ettinger since tho day ho transferred them to tho united state of matrimony, some time ago, nnd lie wns glad his (Mr. Pettinger's) lot had been cast in pleasant places. Wishing the church continued prosperity, ho resumed his seat amid loud applause, , Tho Rev. D. Fulton remarked that flic hour wns \- gotting late, therefore his speech would be in harmony with his stature — not very long, (Laughter.) The. report was certainly very encouraging, nnd lie wns pleased with all lie had heard that evening. No church in tlie world wns more ready to extend the right linnd of friendship to a sister church than was tho Presbyterian, Ho referred in complimentary terms to the Rev. Mr Metcalfe, and trusted that, as a result of that gentleman's visit, heat, light, nnd energy would permeate tlie church from pulpit to pew. After proceeding in n humorous strain for n few moments, Mr. Fulton concluded by wishing his Primitive Methodist friends the compliments appro priate to the occasion. The llcv. W. Pettinger then moved a comprehen sive vote of thanks, which included tlie following : — The ladies who iiad donated and presided at the tables ; the Rev. J. E. Metcalfe, for his valued assistance ; Mr. Campbell, for conducting the choir; Misses Clifton and Hyde, for presiding at the piano ami organ, respectively ; Misses Morris and Camp bell, for giving recitations ; Mr. Hissett, for free carting ; Messrs. Goodwin and White, for contribut ing songs ; Messrs. Rowe, Clayton, and Eastcrbrook, for general assistance ; and the press. The motion was seconded by Mr. Genders, and. confirmed by acclamation, after wliicli the meeting closed with the doxology and benediction. During tiie evening the choir, under Mr. Campbell, sang anthems, while recitations were given in a most acceptable style by 'Misses K. Morris and B. Camp bell, and Messrs. C. Goodwin and F. White rendered songs in gdod form. 