DESCRIBED BY A BOER. Mr. J. B. Robinson, a. South AftifannW, who landed in London on the 29th of Sep tember, and with whom an interne* is pub lished in the London 'Daily News,' refutes that he has beard many of the old Boer **f ? riors describe the battle of Laing's Net 'The red jackets left their white tents in the morning about nine or ten, after they had bad their breakfast, and formed op,' they say. 'Their red coats could be seen by everyone, and their bayonets guttered in the sunshine. Tne surveyors went and measured out spots where they bad ta stand in lines ; and then they formed op, every man straight- The adjutant came and cocked bis eye down along toe tattla to see no one was 'an inch behind the others. They numbered. Be asked them if they felt comfortable and bad had a good brealc fast, and when they said, ? Yes ' the Colonel rode up. The Colonel was on a fine horse, and had a beautiful sabretaeh. * Men/ he said, 'you see those rocks ? The enemy are behind them. You are to go and drive tiiem out.' Then the men put their bebnets on their bayonets and waved them and cheered. They marched up in rows. All this time we were sitting quietly, smoking, laughing, and joking together. As they got near tie commandant called out: 'Defend yourselves, men.' Then we put out gun mufedes from* behind a Bhelter of rocks, took aim, pisfe*3 out the officers, and fired. Soon there cams a rattle and lead pattered all round, but it all went over our heads, for we were shel tered. We just picked off all the leaders as they came up.' ' In short, under the old plan of fighting, the Boers ran no risk whatever,' Mr. Bob- . . inson continued. 'They used greatly in admire the bravery of the English officers. 'They were brave men, too brave for this world,' they would say, ,'and so in a few minutes we made tliem angels, and sent them all to heaven. They -would go on dancing around our men when all around them vrere falling. We did not like shoot ing them, but we had to. To ns such bra very is marvellous ; we cannot understand it ; but it is not war. We fight to destroy our enemies, and while we are doing so we take good care they do not destroy us.' ' OCCUPATION OF LAING'S NEK. Considerable excitement was manifested ip official circles on Thursday, the 4th of October, says the Exchange Telegraph Com pany, as soon as the news of the occupation of Laing's Nek by the Boers became known. The action of the Transvaal Government in invading British territory is generally con sidered to have destroyed any hope there might have been of a peaceful issue of tbe dispute. Xo official information is at pre sent forthcoming as to \rhether this aggres sive step has been taken by the Transvaal Government after having warned her 'Ma jesty's Government that the advance of Bri tish troops towards the border would be con sidered an act of war, or whether, without notice, the Transvaal forces have crossed the border. At the offices of the Agent-General for Natal the news was received with little surprise, but they were without any nffjr*al confirmation of the report. An FMiange Telegraph Company's re presentative saw in London Sir Waiter Tcaee, K.CiI.G, the Agent-General lor Natal, whose decided views npon the Sooth African question are well known in Eng land. Sir Walter Peace apparently had no doubt as to the accuracy of the report of the occupation of Laing's Nek bv the Boers, but he was not disposed to make a state ment on -he subject, as he felt that be could do no_ good bv adopting snch a course. In referring to' the action of the Transvaal Government in ^aVin^r {^ jte. ported step, Sir Walter remarked, ' I never thought the Boers would be such fools.' If the Boers establish themselves at Laing's Xfa thev praeticaliv command the whole of that side of Natal. If tiling's Npk cannot be taken by the British farces \ our troops will have to make a wide detoar by way of Wakkerstroom, and fliiaok tk- Boers in ihe rear. - CONTUSION ON TfflE RAILWAY. The Capetonrn correspondent of tbe LonT don ' Dailv Mail ' telegraphed on the \jk of October :— Two Boers Jiare been k0i«S ;at Volksrust whilst practicing shouting, , while another -has lost bis life while en gaged in shunting operations. The railway officials' are utterly unable to manage tiie traffic One traizi eisuai&irrc; a Boer com mando was no Je*j than six hundred yarJs Jour. Horses are liciug sent off hi tracks ' without food or mater, and one of the trains took thirty-six honrs to cover tlie distance between JohonneaUupr and the border. AHMED UOEBS ARRESTED. Several Boers tare been arrested in Xata], saya the 'Daily SLii!,-- for ridinp into tiie country armed, and being onab'.t to giro a. proper expdasalios of thajr action. ' UOKR BOASTIXM— 'MEET YOU SOO\r JX DUEBAX-' The train which arrived in Newcastle on tbe 2nd of October is telieved to be the last TK-hieh. the. Boer Government wi'J allotir to pass into Natal. The remarks of the Boers J3 the last train travelled tram station to station on its w.iy to tie border were. sits tjre correspondent o! Ore ''Mornin' nj. most mrmucning. One burgher ex claimed, 'Here's a train fnil of Rooinefc? Wiy pot shoot them }' Another Boer shouted, - licet you boob in Durban.'' There were also manv shautA of ** Fran \- cVee! WeTi give you franchise !' accom panied by howta and execrations. ''' ' As the voouitaawloes raoved aoroas tie Te'd He Boers practised shooting at ant h*h i and other objects. From What I saw of the shoolmj it ojpeared to he anvtMn* nut good. - * a \- TO SSTifiBP THE ENGLISH DTTO THE SEA.** Tiie -special correqxmdent of tile London ? Standard.' Jstely'at Jobaimesbnr', has been comtoeiled to Jeave that eitr. and U lira at 'Sewcastie. In a. telwfrain datei lie 3Ot3i of September he sa yl —- From suck information as I have been able to ***»£?? ttere «™ undoubtedly at least 20.009 armed Boers, ireJi sumlied with Jo**03. oUeeted at ?different (nab on -tie Transvaal border, and' more especially in the direction ot Katrf. They make no secret, »nd. Indeed, boast of their intention ?of marching into Natal on Wednesday next and sirwpmg 4he wbde of the EngUsn into the «a. U eertairijr looks oFk Natal oooW he invaded in force. 'The country between Newcastle and Utarlestown— a distance of thirty-six mBes — seansentirdy deserted by white men ex cept for a few oafciaJs. The nearest troops are at Giencoe Junction, thirtv-seven miw «jath rf Xtfwrasiie. liing's Set has not 1-een occupied, and (Newcastle itself must be in danger of mptnre by a Boer raid.' THE BOERS' FOREIGN I/BGION. ' A carps of Germans about 200 strong -who ft»ra offered their services to the Transvaal, says -Hie ' London Standard,' nave received orders to leave Johannesbimr for ttic front Tbe Irish corns expect to go early in October. The Germans are under the command of Count Zeppdu, \- while tie Irishmen are led 1by ah Irish American tunned Blake.' OCOXJE INDITING A NATIVE CHIEF TO REBELIiTOX. A ils/ekn'ng tdegram announces that Cinsnvuidant . Cronje, coomtiadiii' the Transraa! Border Police, crossed the border and visited the chjef of iBaraloxtga, ap lajrenily with the object of indtinsThan to Gpit. The Civil Commissioner, however, orj^red lie chief to stay and protect the women snd children. -ud told haii be could lot be ajhnved to ight A. Kiraberiey -degjatao reports &zi; the M^.-ol -nanlin^ the bridge at Foorteen Stmurs has been considerably augmented, enl that sandbags are used as fodifica tit-m^v KinAKiier ^s considered safe {roan atfcw*. ' '' . THE CALLING OUT OF THE BE— SEETES. Considerable nusapprehension Feems to exist, siys the 'SL James's Gatette,' not only amonw the jrpnerai ptrblie, but also' among writers for tu-e daily pres;. as to the procedure 'wjiich is a necessary preliminarv to ^gmi» oat the. reserves ifor service with tbe «*olouK. Tbe *nny rcser\\-e, as it a* present exists, censbts of four sections. -tto;n-raished a* _v B, C. and D sections. Se^l^yi A is reallr ^j small special reserve rn, iOOO men only' Tiiese are all in their first rear of reserve service, and are avail :r!;!? to brine smaH expeditions up to war ?tren*tii without a general calling up of re serves. Tor thus undertaking to be readr to re jom for service during tlieu- first' twelve ?I'inniTis'of liberty these men receive fti. a dar ,m addition io.tlieir reserve pay, or al ttiffetlier Is. per day. But this Iwdv of 3000 men }s a verv.fimall fraction of the whole rpaefir. wEieli iraniher? S2.O0O men. The creat pmpnrtion of these belong to Hh?tif-ns B and C. and before tliey ran be CiUlel out n more elaborate proeediin1 Iies »o Ijc p.ino tliroiiph. Under the P.e^erve F'imx Act. 18S2 (s. 12), the reserves can Ik wiled upon to rejoin th? polonrp hy ' nrooJaitiation ** in oas« of imminent national danger nn-1 of pjMit cmerjrcjicj-. The Cnlii net must therfforr?. in tlie fir--t pl?ce. deride tr^eUier a ⅈ nation h^snri-cn tionai -laTip*r -ftfld^j£j(rca t eitiT^encv : and they wfl! al^ali^TSnie «nw AeriA* x.he tber the cirippm^tanccf1 jire siif!i :i« to de mand the calling oat of lh-» ^ holo of l?i' rp the Cfll»inet would 1* at oncp n'lHfipd l^- \b'r V?*t OIH^c 3T»l th« Permanent rntei --Se- rftary of War would de*pfltf-ii a M^r. with | Clerk of th^ Pri\y Connefl. Uer Majeflty in Coiuwil i* ihm auiboiisrd by ibe Uewry'e Torees Act to order by proclamation ibe jinur rcseire to I* called out for permanent ted to I'ariiampnLif sittfng, or declared in \- 'ouneil if Parliament is not siftm* . CHARACTER SKETCHES OF SO3IE OT ? THE BOEU LEADERS. j Mr. LeckyV appreciation of President Krti I'^eT, at the opening meeting of tho College jiiistorical Societj- in the University of Dub j lit], tbroe years ago, is, says Ibe 'St Janus's Oazeltc' of interest at the present moment. He said of the President of the Transvaal Republic : — ** I can speak of him with some pei^onul knowledge. He lias been inorc him well, la kuany respects he resembles strikingly the stern Puritan warrior of the with icdomitable courage and resolution^ with vtrj- little iinge of (--.iItivAtiuii, but with a rare natural fhruvdji&^s in judging u.en and events .is izu^respe^ all who come in cottar-! vriuii him vriih the ex:traord.nar]r fo»x* of his nature. He is the father of no Sew than seventeen chilJren. He heTongs to a s?ct called the Doppers. whi«:ii is de rived from a Dutch word for an evtin giiinher, bemuse they are desirous of es i-ivigufcliinp &U; novelties since tlie ^ynod *\i Pcip. Ardently relipioup. he is said to be-. :icve a^ sfmnply as WpsTey in a dirc.'t por He is a grtait ]nUit?r of the mo?t sax^rge wild be:;Kfp. One finger :s v.-antin^ on one of his hands : it was broken in a hunting expedi tion. ?nd it is a characteristic trait that he then p.ird there amputated it ltirusolf. In a ^pjni-rp^j'l position, and with crcn more ihan regal power, he lives the Hi » of a pea sant, anii although, I believe, an osi^ntiaUy (:isi. vise, and strong man. he has ail his an alien clement, and all their dislike and suspicion of an industrial and mining com Of the prpssuro of family iuSueoec i» pub He life lh?re ,-; far loo mvsUi. say* a corre spondcjit of tlie ' Pall lla.ll Gazette' The President, in particular, has hean a mot* nnb]u»bing practitioner of nepotisrn. His relations fiD many of the most important posts, Piet Groblcr. a grandson, a. man *~4 some energy but of no real education, occu pies the important post of Under-Secretary of State, and exercises no small influence is high politics. Another grandson, Piet Km ^er, was appointed over the beads of mapy senior men to the place of Master of $ie High Court, though possessed of iw le?aJ ^raining or experience whatever. One'of Krager's yonngest eons, a notorious ** was lrd,w also destitute of education and official pxperience. is in control of the Secret Ser vice Fund, which has on one flexion at least amounted to £ 120,000 in a single year. Another grandson, Hans Malan, is Chief Jn sector or noons, and yet anotcer i£ in com mand of the fort at Johannesburg. The husband of one of bis granddaughters is As sistant State Attorney. The list might be greaUy extended if notice were taken of re moter family connections. Tbe ' liiily Mail ' adds some chaiacter sketches of the chief Boer leader*. Of General Piet Joubert it says : * Long Iwaded. shrewd, ctfld, and calculating, be k* nAso'by no means a typical Boer.' He has paid two or three vosite to fbtrlaad, a rod jKfriiaps is one of the three or fotir in the oiner Governsaest ciirdes in Prelom who realises mrhat war with rfrigfanj wonid mean. Still, be in no way lacks physical courage ; he has shown that time' and attain. He is essentiaUy a tune-server, a rrirnmer, a mtter-tm- lhe*fcncc. Wfem he contested the Presidential election against Kru-;er no one took iis candidatare very eci iou&iy; : he vras to so obviously put up as a vote-splitter to ensure Ernger's retnrn. llis rrfigitrtis tenets are not {jbtrusSve, and he us* never been foftcd out in ajiy very bad fiiianoul transactions. As a genera! in t=be field *ie is cool and eJever. anB a tticroughh' expert exponent of Boer fight ing tactics, which are mainly of the * sniping * order. He lias now gone to th'; Xaial border at Volksrast ; tibe next best Boer coannander, Cronje, of Doornfcop fame, being on tiie -2Iarico frontier, towards ?MaJekuig.' Caaimaodant Joubert's adjutant-general ii & Gennan named Adolpli Schiel. Some thirtv vears ago, says tie w Daily Graphic,' Herx'Schiei, then a yontJi of about twenty, was a lieutenant of Prussian hussars. He , qmtted the German eervice to emigrate to . South Afrita, arriving in iiie iand of goBd , and diamonds \ritboat a penny. He first ' found employment vrith a German colonist | in Xatal as a - ransport rider, and in thi^ imparity iraveUed over the better part of | Soalh A&ica.; He then married a -daughter , of a German misaionarv, and entered uie Tfansiaal State service! l^he Govemment s^nt him on a miision to the Zulu, chief Dihizulu, wnose chief Indum and coun cilior he fcecame. Tiiis was the period of, Boer intrjgued to evade the frontier jlmita- j -Lions -oi iAie London Convention. Acting j under Instructions from Pretoria, Schiel persuaded Dinizulu to send hhn on a mis sion to Reriin. where he vainlv triea to persiLide Prince Bismarck to intervene in the affairs of ZaIulan-L HappSy tiie promptitude of the British GoVernment de feated the antngue, and Schiel returned to tie Tran^raal. He was oj-poinied Xalive Commissioner for the Xoitheni Province. Here 3re dei-oted himself to pacifying the TiatiTes, and at the sime iime acquired a fine farm, which he named Roshach. SchieTd next post -was that of Chief Pri sons Inspector of the TransvaaJ. Later on hs receaved the appointmen't of Captain o! ArtiHery, and won sent to Berlin to per fcM Jiimself in gunnery tactifs, to buy ar r»!Jerv, and draw up pSans 'for the forts : and lortresses now dotted dbout lie Be-! puWic. After the Jameson raid Herr 6diiel found bis hands tfull in completing the ar ^nfl'mPTTt^ of ibe TTansvooi. Tiie jolunmes burg fort 'was fruit under h'm direct supenisiod, and he was its first commandant, die is now General Joubert's tactical 'ghost,3* and it is understood that tlie present Boer plans of campaign have been c&ietiy; drawn op by ihjm- He is a&isted; by a ^taff of Ger man ex -officers and. a corps of German XJit landers. 