•niin T> » >> A-s-1 THE DAY OF REST. ifc 1 HIS NAME !IV,MANUEL." \ (Ry the late liev. C. U. SPL'UGliON.) Behold, a virgin *=hall concdve, and i>ejr a son, and call ilii name liiunaiiuci.—:<uiaii vii., l-i. i he Kingdom of judah was in a coadititm ul imminent iic-iii; two uiouirclis hail leagued against iier; tivo nations had risen u|i for her i.e.itii!i lion. and Israel wcre come against the walla of Jerusalem, with itiii intent to laze tiiem to the ground, or utterly destroy tbat monarchy. Aha; the king, in great trouWe, exerts all his iugenuity to dciend the <ity: and amongst t.':e other e.jiiirivanei's v.Iiich his wisdom taught him, he thought it fit to etit <>:; "the waters of the iijijier pool, so that the be siegers itiiyhL be :n distress for want oi' '.rater. He goes out in the niomini, no doubt attended by iiis courtiers, and goes to the c-OTiduii cf the ijo-jI, intending to see alter the ^topi>a<r-3 <•{ the stream oi water; but, !o! lie u:i."ts with si'.j.ieihing which sets aside hi* ]>l?.ns, rendering them needless. Isaiah ste'ii fui-watd, and tells him not to be afraid of the .-jiioke of those two firebrands, for God shali utterly destroy both the nations that had risen uii against hi:n; th;i! he need not fear the present invasion, for both liimsr*df and his kingdom should be saved. Ah>,v. looked at Isaiah with ail eye of inoieduViiy, as much =s to say, "If the Lord were to send chariots from heaven, could such a thing as Wiis be"? Should he animate the dust, and quicken every stone in Jerusalem to resist my foes, could that Ik.' done, could I escape?" Isaiah, seeing the littleness of Iiis faith, tells him to ask a sign. "Ask it," says he, "in the heavens above: let t-he sun go back his ten decrees, or let the moon rfoji in her niidnichc marches: let the stars mow athwart the sky in ^r?.nd proce-sion: ask any si-ju you jilea.se in the heavens atrve, or. il" you wish, choose the earth l\ene- ath: let the depths give forth the sign: let some mighty w«;tcr.sjiout Jose its way iwro'-- the pathless oc-eao, and travel thrnusrh the air to .Jerusalem's very gates; let tile heavens shower a golden rain, instead of the watery Huid which usually they distil: i'sk that the fleece nyiy be wet upon the dry dool, or dry in the midst of dc-w; whatsoever you please to request, the Lord will grant it for the continuation of vour faith.." Ahaz. instead cf accepting this offer with all gratitude, as he should have done, wish 3 protended humility declares that he will •lot ask, neither will lie tempt, the Lord iiis God. Whereupon, Isaiah, waxing indignant, tells him that since he will not, in oix-dieucc to God's command, ask a sign, bshoid th'e Lord himself will give him one —r.ot simply a sign, but the sign, the sign and wonder of the world, the mark of <jc.d's mightiest mystery and of iiis consummate wisdom. For "a virgin sliaJ] concuive, and bear a son, and shall call His '-•.ame Inmianuel."' J.t has been said that the passage I have taken for my text is, in some resj-ecU, a difUc-ult one. It may be. I certainly did not think it was so until I saw what tihe commentators had to say about it, and I rose up from reading them perfectly oonfused. It is certain that .the Evangelist Matthew, quoting this very passage, says, "As it is written, behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call Iiis name Jmmanuel." Aud it is evident that Imminuel, who was here predicted to be born; could not be a mere simple man; for if you turn to the next chapter, at the S; a vor»e, you lind it s^id — "He shall pass t'hrougjh 0 udaii; He shall overflow anil go over; H; shall reach even to the n?ck; and the stretching out of his wings shall till the breadth of thy land, O Immauuel." Here is a government ascribed ia Immanue':, which could not lie if w„- were to suppose tihat the Immamtel here spok- n of was any oidiuary mortal. Indeed, such a view would be far below the height of this great aiKument;. It does not speak, or allow us to speak, one-half of the wondrous depth which couched beneath this mighty pas- One view of the text, w'hieh is the most popular of all, is to lefer the passage, first of all, to some child Uiat was then to be born, and afterwards, in tiie 'highest, ssnse, Lo our bless d Lord -lesus Christ. Perhaps this is the true sense of it, perhaps t'liis is •tihe best way of smcothir.g difficulties. But ] do think, had I never read those books at all, but simply come to ill2 Bible, without knowing what any man had •written upon it, 1 yhouldl have said — "'There is Christ- iure as plainly as possible; never could His name have been written more legibly." 1 shall take my text, therefore, as concerning Jesus Ohrirfl; and let us commence with t-hIrii'tii—"Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son." The birth! "Let us go even unto Bethlehem, asid see this great sight," said the shipiherds. "Let us follow tie star in the sky," said the easitcrn magi. And eo let us go and stand by the manger, to behold the commencement of the incarnation of Jesus. Let us sc-e the time when first G-od enveloped Himself in mortal form, and tabernacled among the sons of men. Let us not blush to go to so humble a spot. Let us stand by that grotto, that cave in the ride of the rock, and lit us see Jesus Christ, the Mail-God, become an infant. 1\. And first, we sea heiv, in sjieaking of this birth, a miraculous conception. Tiie text says expressly—"Behold, a virgin shall conceive, ;\,1 bear a sou." This expression is unparalleled in Sacred Writ. Of no other woman could it be said beside tin- Virgin Maiy; and of no other man could it be written that his mother was a virgin. The Greek word amd the Hebrew are both very expressive of the true and r~al virginity of tSie mother, to show us that Jesus Christ •was bonn of a woman, and not of man. We eiiall not enlarge upon the though", but still 5 e it] an important one, and ought not to )j; a over mtUout :^d liile ivijinan, by her venturous spirit, steiJik-d firj=t into transgression, Ocd, in ii vi.-\loni, uevi-~o.l that tile woman, le.-L K'lie rihoiiid he de.-fpised and tramping upon, and liile woman alone should be the aiithor o; like boJ.v of t-he Man-God who ^hould redeem mankind. Albeit that the herself iiisi, tas;c-J the uc-oursed fruit, and tempted hr-r iiusfcaiid—it may be that A-i-.i&i;, out of icve to her. tasted that fruit —le^l .-ho should be degraded, lest sKshttiUl not stand oa an equuiitv with him I; ::ul * ord'.iined 1'hat s.: Ana oethjt His .Son should be s;nt forth "born of a woman:"' and the t.-i-j first ji'ionuse jKoaiise ran "The seed of the woman," not the seed of the man, "shall bruise the serpent's head." And. mo:-.:-;ver, there w.w a peculiar wia- W<mi that dasiis Christ should be the son of t:ie woman, and not of the man, bec-ause, had He beeu born ot L'he Jlesh, "that which hern of the ilcsii is flesh,"' and merely !ie.-b, and he would naturally, by cam a! generation, have inherited ail the frailties, and the hiiinuirics. and the sins which man i::iith from his IjE-th. fie would have been "conceived in sin, and ^htncii in iniquity,"' even as the i-est of us; anid, therefore, He was net i;-o;ii oi a man; bat the Holy Ghost overshadowed the Virgin ilary, and He sCaiids, therefore, as the ouly one wiio came forth pure front His -Maker's hands— Who could ever fay, "i am pure.' 5 Aye, ajui lie cuuld say far more than. Uhat other Adam concerning hi« purity; for He maintaiuc-d his 'integrity, end never let it go, and uoai His birth down to His death He knew no sin, neither was guile found in his lips. Uh, marvellous sight! A Child of a virgin! Let us t-tand and look at it What a mixture! Xllice is the finite and the infinite; there is one mortal and the imnioital. eorruj-tion and iucorruption, the m-aiih-acu and iiie Gcxlheaji; time married to eiemiiy, God linked with a creature; the iniinity oi the August 2viaker tome to tabernacle on this s-ae;k of earth; the vast, unbounded One, whom earth could not hodd and heavens cannot contain, lying in Jiis mother's ainis; He who fastened the pillars of the universe, and rivet.ted the nails of creation, hanging on a mortal biv-asi, dependent on a creature for nourishment! GIi, marveilous birth! Oil, miraculous conception! We stand, and gaze, and admire. Verily, angels may wisii to Jock into a subject too deep for us to speak of. 1 here we leave it. A virgin hatii conceived. and borne a son. -J. in this birth, moreover, having noticed the miraculous conception^ we must notice next the liumbie parentage. It does not say a princess shali conceive and bear a son," but* a "virgin." Her virginity was her I'Jghest honour: she had none other. True, she van of royal lineage; s>!ie could reckon David among her !\>refaflhers, and Solcmen amongst those wiio stood in the tree oi her genealogy. She was a wo-nan not to be despised, albeit that I speak of humble parentage; lor fche was ol" the blood royal of Judea. Oh, Bib:?! in Thy veins there runs the blood oi kings: the .blood of an ancient monarchy finds its way from Thy heart all through the courses of Thy body. Thou wast bom not cf mean parenis, if we look at their ancieiil ancestry; for Thou art the Son ol" Him who ruled the mightiest monarchy m bis day—even Solomon; and Thou art the descendant of one who devised in his heart to build a temple for the rnigbty God ) of jac-6b! Nor was" His mother, in poi/it \ cc jrre!!<:•<•:. en inferior woman. I take it | S'GL, had jjrent strength of mind, otherwise she could not have composed so sweat a piece o£ poetry as that which begins:— '"My soul doth magnify the Lord." She is not a person to be despised. "Blessed art thou imong women. Kioni henceforth ail generations shall call thee blessed." I supj'-cse Protestant generations are amongst the "all generations" who ought to call her blessed. Her name is Alary; and quaint George Herbert wrote an anagram upon it-— "Well doth her name an army represent '.'."herein the Lord of Hosts doth pitch His.ient. 1 hougn snc "was not- a princess, yet Jier name, .Mary, by interpretation, signifies a princess; and though she be not the queen r.i heaven, yet she has a right to be reckonfd amongst the queens of the earth; and, though she be not the Lady of our Lord, •i at does she walk amongst the renowined mighty women cf Scripture. "iet .Jesus Christ's birth was an humble or.e. Strange that the Lord of glory was not bcrn in a palace! Princes, Christ owes vom nothing. Princes, Christ is not your debt or. "^'e did not'swaddle Hini — He was not wrapped ia purple; ye had not pre pared golden cradle for Him to be rocked in. Queens, ye did not dandle Him upon your knees; jfe hung not at your breasts. And ye mighty cities, which then were great and famous* vour marffie halls were not bl=&id; with his little footsteps. He came out of a village ruined and despised, even Bethlehem; and He was not born in the governor's house, or in the mansion of the chief man, but in a manger. And the oxen, likely,enough, cause 10 feed from the self-same manger, the hay and the fodder of which was His only bed. Oh, wondrous stoop of condescension — that our blessed -Tesus should be girded with humi litv—that He stooped so low. ill! if He "tonped,- why sborjld He bend to such _ birth? And if .He bowed, why should He submit, not simply to become the son of poor parents, but to be born in so miserable a place? Let us take courage here. If Jesus Christ was born in a stable, why s.'hould not the stable of our souls be made an habitation for Him? If He was bom in poverty, why UGt the roor in spirit expect that He Aril! be their Friend? If He thus endured degradation at the first, will He count it anv dishonour to come to the verv poorest and humblest of His creatures, and labemaele in the souls of His children? Oh, no! we can gather a lesson of comfort from His humble jwircnrsije:' agd we can rcjoiee that an humble w-onir.n became the mother of thf Lord of glory- 3 But yet we must lake one more remark upon His birth before we pass away from it, and our third remark shall be a glorious birthday! With all the .humility that surrounded the birth of Ohriat, there was yet very much that wns glorious, very much that was honourable. No cthc-r tr.an ever had such a birthday jls Jesus C/hrist. Of whom had prophets ar.d seers ever written? Wlivise name is graven on so many tablets as His? Who lias such a serill of prophecy, all pointing to him as Jesus Christ, the "Man- God? Then, recollect his birth! When did God ever hang a fresh lamp in the sky to announce the birth of a Caesar? Caesai-s may come, and they may die. but stars shall never prophesy their birth. When did angels stocp from heaven and sang choral symphonies on the birth of a mighty man? Nay, all others are piisfml by: but'see, in heaven there is a great light shining, and a Rung is heard, "Glory to God in the highest: on eartji j?eaee, goodwill towards men." His birth is not dc-spicable, even if we consider the visitors who came around His cradle. Shepherds came first, ungnLded and unlcd, to Bethlehem: the wise men, directed by the star, came next; and both together, the representative mien of the two. brwlies of mankind, the rich and the poor, knelt around that manger: and frankincense, and spices, anil myrrh. a«d aJ) precious gifts were offered to that Child who was "the Prince of the kings of the earth." who in ancient times was ordained to sit upon mhe throne of His father !>avid and m tli 3 wondrous future to rule all kingdoms with his rod of iron. "Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son." 4\. And now we come to the Child's name. "And she shall call his name Immanuel." Oil! here is a sweet name to give Him. "She. shall c:ill HLs name Immariuel." Mothers in olden time did call liheir ehil- dren by names which (had meaning in them; they did not give them unmeaningly the names of eminent persons: bat they had names full of meaning, which reoordea some circumstance of their birth, lliere v^s tJadn—"1 have gotten a man from the Lord," eaid his mother, tatnd she called him Cain. There was Seth—"God has given us another son instead of Abel." Then came Noah—"'In this child we have rest;" and they called him "Rest.' Ishmael was so called by his mother because God hiad heard her. Isaac "vvas called "Promise," because 'he •was die son or promise. Jacob was called "The Supplanter," or "The Crafty One," because he eupplambed "his brother. _ _ . We might point out many similar instances. Perhaps this custom "was a good one amongst the Hebrews, though the peculiar formation of,.our langwaae .ipould not frequently allow us to do tihe same; and therefore we see that tihe Virgin Mary called her Son Immanuel that there might, be a meaning in it. "God -with us." My eoul, ring these ivords out! "Clod with us!" Oh, it is one of the bells of i>ea.yen! Let us strike it yet again. "'God with us!" Dh, it is a stray note from the sonnets of Paradise! "God Tilth us!"' Oh, it is the lisping of a seraph! "God ivith us!" Oh, it one ot the notes of the singing of Jehovah, when He rejoices over His Church with singing! "God with us!" Tell it! tell it! tell it! This is the name of the new-horn King. Hark, the herald angels sing! Believer, He is God with thee, to protect thee; thou art not alone, becausc -the Saviour is with fihee. Put me in the desert^ where vegetation grows not; I can' still say, "God with us." Put me on <tihe wild ocean, and let any ship dance madly on the waveo; I would still say, "Immanud, God with, us." Mount me on die sunbeam, and Jet me liy beyond the western sea; still I would say, "God with us." Let my body dive down into the depths of the ocean, and let me sleep in its caverns; still I could as a child of God, say, "God with us." Aye, and in the grave, sleeping tliere in conniption and destruction, still I can see the f-ootmarks of Jesus; He trod -the path.of all His people, and still it is "God with us." Now, a happy Christmas to you all; anl it will be a happy Christmas if you have God "with yon. Do not feast as if you wished to keep die festival of Bacchus; do not live as if vou adored some (heathen divinity. Celebrate" your Saviour's birth. Do not be ashamed to be glad; you halve a right to be. God says, "Go thy way; eat thv bread with joy; -let thy garments be always -white, and let thy head lack no ointment." Religion never was designed To our pleasures less. Go vour way; rejoice together. But, in your feasting, think of tihe Man m Bethlehem; let Him 3»ve a place ia your hearts; snd give Him. -the gloiy- 