THE GHOST AT irrr* TANTALUM. &N; AUSTRALIAN CHRISTMAS STORY.' \- BY Said Colonel Poyntz, the new proprietor of Tantallon Stationproperty. to his Zriend, Mr Hereward, is they .sat on the iverandah of the new homestead, "Could there toe a wider difference between this and the scenes in which we spent our last Christmas?" "Scarcely, it is very beautiful, but dreadfully weird-looking and lonely. 1 Those plains to the right seem to be interminable, and the far line o£ hills are lite the hazy clouds at sea that mate landsmen believe .they are land. That dark bushland seems grim enough to be the haunt of evil things, and the creek" .winding down there amid its fringe of (wattle, and rush, gleams in the moonlight like a writhing serpent. You won't like to live much at Tantallon, Poyntz." The Colonel laughed. "No; I'm a gregarious being. But the old Hall at home was lordly in its way too. I think I see It now, with the snow lying heavy on the park, and weighing down the branches of the old trees in the churchyard. 'Tis Christmas Eve, Hereward, and the lights iwill be blazing to-night from every window in the old Hall. There will be holly and ivy in every corner, aye, and mistletoe, and. wassail will be drunk with many a' : Hail!' and ghost stories will be told while the Tule log is blazing. By the way, I suppose there are no ghostly legends in Australia; the country is too young.". \- "It is as old as ours, .and the natives have known it. I can fancy the spirits ~ of the,dark race stalking over the plains that were once their own, and wailing the coming of the paleface, who had almost exterminated their race, with his -train of disease and drink.". Again light-hearted Colonel Poyntz — laughed.. "You had always a romantic .vein in you, Hereward. I never even believed in the family ghost at Poyntz Ball." "I didn't know there was one." "You may ask my mother about that. She believes as firmly in it as does every >one of the old servants. A famous ancestor of ours, who was beheaded in the time of the second Charles, is in the habit of perambulating the terrace on •the anniversary of his death, with his "head under his arm. Now could absurdity go farther than such a belief ? Jacob," and the Colonel called to an elderly man who was -passing the end -of the verandah at that moment. "Yes, sir." ~ "Have you any ghosts in Australia?" "You needn't go far to find one, sir. There's one appears down below at Old "Tantallon." . "Whereas that?' "The old homestead, sir, where old Duncan, used to live when he squatted here ana for years after. You can see the place there to the right,' sir, near the -creek among them trees." ( "Aghostat Tantallon! There you are, Hereward, I hope you are satisfied. Is "It the ghost of a blackfellow, Jacob?" "No, sir: ifs the spirit of a white man. " and a spirit that, has the right to appear, for in the body he was murdered. You needn't laugh at it, Colonel Poyntz, - for its true, and I've-seen the spirit of James Wilson myself." "Then there can be no possible doubt that there is a ghost at Tantallon," returned the colonel; "so sit you down •there and tell my friend, Mr Hereward, -the story. As for me, I have some letters to write, and will, be out of the way while you tell it." Jacob Smith sat down on the edge of the verandah, and, having satisfied himself that Mr Hereward really wish- -«d to tear the story, began it promptly. "It's nearer thirty than twenty year ago since old Duncan came here, and squatted on Government land, and from the beginning he had James Wil- "^sonrafioiher elderly Scotchman, with him.- I think they were partners, but I'm not. sure. I've been on Tantallon ten years myself now, and it's five since -told Duncan"dieu. For four years Wilson's ghost has appeared at the old homestead every Christmas Eve, and ~'twill appear till his body is found and buried." ."It is not old Duncan's ghost, then?" "No, sir. I'm going to tell you all -about it Old Duncan was one of the .meanest men that ever lived, and begrudged himself the very bite he ate. 'There were continual rows between him and Wilson, who didn't believe in being stinted of food, clothes and ~*bacc-a. However it was between them about the few hundred sheep they grazed, and sheared every year, Duncan kept the purse, and stuck to it with a tight grasp; and what luck could the -old miser expect? He died a dreadful -death this night five years. "I was shepherding on this part of " the run then, for the gentleman that iColonel Poyntz bought the station fronv -and, feeling lonely on Christmas eve,: lor want of a better place, went down to Duncan's. The door was ajar, and after calling out, I went inside. There was no fire in the big chimney, and no light in either room. I struck a match, and lit a bit of candle I found on the table, and then I went into the bedroom "with it in my hand. "There were two bunks in the back room of the hut, and old Duncan's was behind the door. I looked there first, and what I £aw I will remember only too well to my dying day. Duncan was lying on the bed, dressed as„ he .usually was, and between his two. "hands, clenched and stiffened on his breast, was a small tin pannikin. He was evidently on, the point of death, ljut still conscious, and he spoke between his clenched teeth three words. "When he heard me enter, his rolling eyeballs turned toward me. As if he bad been galvanised, his hands. unclenched, and the pannikin dropped with a rattle to the floor. ' His right IWilson's bunk, and stiffened in the position as he said, with an effort that was his last, Tve—murdered—Wilson!' "There was a long pause between each word, if he wanted to fill up the gaps he couldn't have done it; and as he said the last his body arched stiffly, and in horrible agony be gasped his last breath. No man who had ever, witnessed the action of strychnine could doubt from what cause he died. There was plenty of strychnine for use among the sheep, and old Duncan had taken a dose of it":- ; " *Twas a ; -case of suicide, then?" Mr Hereward asked.- "There was no doubt of it -in the minds of the jury at the inquest, sir; he had quarrelled with Wilson,, and in the heat of passion perhaps murdered him. Then his conscience made life an impossibility, and he took his own." "Where was Wilson's -body ' found, then?" "It has not been found to this day, sir. Old Duncan was a strong %man, and he may Have carried it to the creek. But, .more likely, it is buried In the old orchard. I made some search myself; but, of course, I had no right to do it, especially as there, were fools that said Wfflbn was not dead at all." "What reasons have you for being jcertain that; he is, Jacob?" "Good God, sir; ; hadn't I the : man's own dying words for it? r Didn't he say, Tve murdered Wilson?' and didn't his hand stiffen 1 in death pointing to jWilson's'bed? When I took the candle oyer to the bunk I saw that there was a pool of blood in it, and the blood was actually bespattered on the wall." •"Well, sir, in a yearafter that awful sight George Milton, a mate of mine, •was passing-the old homestead about midnight, a tiling he wouldn't '. have <3one if he had. been quite sober, though you had given him five pounds to do it. -The place had got a bad name through the murder and suicide, and not a man -fen the run would consent to live in it ior love or money. George saw the ejtirit of Wilson in the old orchard, and at-first jfctougfit'It was some living be-"j lug, "but when the moon fell upon the awful white face he knew it, and ran. "I hardly believed it jnyself, sir, until the next Christmas" eve, when 1 watched,' and skw James . Wilson as plain as I see you. Three times since I've seen the Same spirit; but I'never could pluck up courage to speak to it They say,.you know, Mr Hereward, that If you can speak to -a spirit "it breaks tha spell, and it is allowed to tell you what IS troubling it" "I have heard that; and what do you think is troubling the spirit of James Wilson, Jacob?" "His body remains unburied, 'sir, .or perhaps bis savings are hidden somewhere about the old place, and. he wants them to go to someone near and dear to him in his old Scotch home." At this point there was a laugh from the open window, and they saw that Colonel Poyntz was sitting inside smoking, and that he had heard the whole story. "Of eourse, the poor fellow is looking for his own bones!" he cried, "but he may be thankful he hasn't to carry his head under his arm, as one ghost at the Hall does. Are you going to interview James Wilson again to-night, Jacob?' "No, sir. I determined that I would never go again. For weeks after seeing it I am quite nervous and upset; for, "you see, I believe that the dead return, sir, though you do not." And Jacob, feeling really angry that his ghost story should be made a mockery of, rose and went away. "I'm afraid I've annoyed the poor old fellow," the Colonel said, contritely, "but I couldn't, for the' life of me, help It The whole theory of spiritual revisitations seems to me so utterly untenable and idiotic that I see only the absurd side of ghost stories." "What do you say to a ramble, down as far as the old homestead to-night?" questioned Hereward; "if there is anything to see, we should at least see it "I have no objection in life, only' I warn you that I shall take a revolver, and have a shot at the ghost of Tantallon if I see it If there has been any appearance, it has been that of. a living man, who is, for some object of his own, imposing on the credulity of poor Jacob jand other such simpletons. I will get my revolver, and go with you; for it is after eleven, and the ghost's hour of release is. of course, the mystic twelve." "From midnight until the first cock crows. Well, Poyntz, in the face.of all the wonderful things that none of our grandfathers cojild have credited^ yet are becoming assured to Us day by day, I dare not say that the spirits of dead men and women do not on occasions revisit the earth." "There is one thing that science has, however, never discovered, my friend, and that is the spirit itself. Where in the body is it located? Of what essence is it formed? They tell us in the Scriptures that 'the Wood is the life,' and that is ""certain enough; when a man's vans are drained of it he dies. But w£ere lies the soul that is said to escape with the life, no man has told us or ever will tell us. The whole matter is one of the inscrutable mysteries that we shall never know." "Until we know as we are known," murmured Hereward. "And begin to ramble back to earth on our own account between midnight and cockcrow!" cried the irrespressible Colonel. "Come, let us see what this particular ghost is made of at all events." The two gentlemen went down by the line of creek following the belt, of bushes on its bank, so as to avoid observation,. and soon arrived in the shadow of the big trees that surrounded the old hut, around which was a visible neglect and decay as well as almost the silence of death itself. I It was a hut of two rooms with a door and two small windows in the front that faced the creek. The blinds "over the windows were torn and soiled, the green drip from overhanging branches had made long, slimy tracks down the slab sides of the lonely looking tenement The grass had grown long and thick on the threshold—it was only too evident that not for many years had a footstep c-rossed that door step. The colonel tried the latch, but it was fast. "Let us go round to the back," he said, "there is sure to be some entrance that way." The back door was open, and had been so for many a day; die top hinge was broken and the door had dropped' some inches from the post. The gentlemen entered the kitchen into which some moonbeams penetrated through a small window near the wide chimney. "A gruesome looking place," said Poyntz, as he looked round the room, while his friend stood inside the door, and was steadily gazing up the old orchard. There was about an acre of it in which the crooked old apple trees had spread broad branches that laid deep shadows on the grass. . Come here, Poyntz," Mr Hereward said, in a low tone, and the Colonel quickly stood beside him. "There is a figure up yonder. I saw it a minute ago, under that biggest tree. There it is again and it's moving this way. It was certainly so. Plainly to be seen, as it crossed slowly, and with ap? parent unsteadiness, the patches of moonlight between the apple trees, a tall, thin form, with bowed shoulders and attenuated frame, moved down the old orchard. It seemed, of a .grey hue, and the bowed head was covered with a broad Scotch bonnet "The ghost, by heaven!" said Colonel Poyntz. as he handled his revolver. "We'll see now if there's any flesh about it!" Hereward caught his friend's arm. "For God's sake stop, Poyntz! It is a living being. You would not commit a murder in cold blood! What a terrible face! The man is ill!" The figure was nearing the hut, evidently with the intention of entering by the door at which the friends stood. Both drew back into the deep shadow, at the front, while the tottering being entered, holding on by the door post to assist Ms almost helpless limbs to cross the threshold. Then he turned, and uttered a bitter moan. "For the last time," he said, as he looked out on the old orchard; "and all for nothing!" and then he turned to a hugh cupboard near the fireplace, and drew the door to him. The gentlemen had remained almost breathless in their anxiety to watch the mysterious being. When he entered the cupboard and drew the door behind him, there was a slight grating sound, and then silence. "There is a cdlal 1 . We are on the eve of solving this mystery," said the CoIoneL "Follow me," and putting his revolver in a convenient pocket he lit a small lantern he had thoughtfully provided himself with, and opened the cupboard door. . Behind it was a row of narrow shelves, empty, save for old bits of torn paper and a thick coating of dust The Colonel saw that these shelves were attached to another door, for the being who had just passed through had not drawn it very closely behind him. Down the few steps, formed of worn slates, tlie gentleman went, followed closely by Mr Hereward. It was surely a small cellar 4n which they found.themsely e&, stretching under the kitchen and partly under the bedroom of the hut. • So near the Colonel's tall head was the floor above that he had to stoop down when .he passed under a joist. Through a couple of holes low on the ground; outside the faint moonlight was visible, yet the air was damp and unwholesome. • No wonder that the face of one who had lived there for years should have been taken €or the faceof/adeadman. A bucket of water stood near a low stretcher, on which lay the form they had seen pass through the kitchen. Ghastly, and breathing.harj}, the man's eyeballs turned helplessly to the newcomers. ' He was evidently to6 ill to 1 speculate or to care on what business j they had come. Poyntz set his lan r tern on a stool, so-that the'light t should^fsdl^upon fall upon th ' wretched bed', he stooped over the slc*- inan.. "So;" lie said,"grimly,'"you are the ghost of Old Tantaflbnr , "; "I am James ^Wilson,** was the reply "and I am a dying-man. Whatever i your business here let me die in peace— if lean." r; . Colonel Poyntz unscrewed the top from his. pocket-flask, poured a ' littl spirits into the lid, added water from' th bucket at his feet, and'held it to Wil son's lips. . ... : '-'Drink that; it will fenabie you to tel us how you managed to make peopl believe :you- were dead all these" ^earsi and that old Duncan had. murdered you." Wilson swallowed the ' cordial with difficulty, and spoke hurriedly, "There 7 * no use hiding the truth now, for I'm a dying man. It was not my fanlt tha ; people accused old Duncan wrongfully but I was here in this cellar when Jacob found Mm dying, and said ths words that convicted himself, and I was glad that the murder should no be -traced to me." "To you! What murder?" "The murder of old Duncan. It wa me that poisoned him." "Surely your mind is astray. Duncan' words were plain enough." "They were misunderstood. What h wanted to say was, Tve been murdered by Wilson,' but the words "stuck in hi dying throat as mine are sticking now Oh, God! what a terrible deed, and al for nothing—nothing!" • "Tell us about it, if you can. If .your words are true the only atonement you can make to the memory of the old man is to confess your ,own guilt Take a lew drops more of the spirits and confess." . - . "It was not all my fault If Duncan had only given me m/" own he might have been alive this night - I had an equal share in all, but he cheated me out of it I "had bard work to get five shillings, now and then, while he added sovereign after sovereign to -Us bag until it was so full that it could chink no longer. I couldn't get enough to eat either, and I had no hope at last only that he would die and that I should get alL "But he had no notion of dying, -not he, and we lived a. life of hell — quarrelling from day to day. I watched him every hour to find out in what new corner he had Mdden his hoard, for he was always changing it about; and when I had a pretty good guess where to lay my hand on it I made up my mind he should never live to Mde it in another place "One day my chance came. Duncan felt sick, and began to quake with fear that he should die. We had a few fowls grubbing about the orchard, and I proposed to make him some broth, declaring that .it was the miserable diet that was killing him. I killed the fowl and in doing it managed to cut my hand pretty severely. That was the blood scattered on my trunk as I tore off a bit of the sheet to. bandage it I per suaded the old man to lie down, and when the broth was ready I mixed enough of strychnine in it to finish him I thought he was dead just before I heard Jacob's step, and I held his hands on the pannikin till they seemed to stiffen on it, for my idea was to make it appear a suicide. "When I heard the step I darted - to the cellar that we had always kept a secret You know the rest. I have been searching ever since for the old miser's money, and never found the bag." 'How have you managed to live for these five years?" "DOnald M'Crea, my brother-in-law, has known all along, and I had a few pounds saved of my own. M'Crea is hut-keeping, on the next station, and hoped to share old Duncan's plant when I found it But I never found it and there is the old villain coming to mock me!" The wreched man had risen suddenly to point to. a .dark corner of the cellar. The Colonel put Ms fingers on the bony wrist, and with the other hand gently pushed the dying man back to his pillow. 'There is nothing there, Wilson. Try to ask your God to forgive you, for your time Is short" "I cannot pray! You—you " and h« was gone. 'May the Lord have mercy on Ms soul!" It was Mr Hereward who murmured the words, as Colonel Poyntz drew a corner of the old blanket over the awful dead face. "Under the orders of the Colonel there was a general overturn of the old homestead on the morning after Boxing Day. A party 01 men pulled : every stick and stone of it down. Whatever might be made use of In any other wa„ was carted from the spot and after ai exhaustive search the cellar was fillet up. When the site had been levelled and sown with grass seed, the Colone turned to old Jacob with a grim smile— "I hope you will own now that the ghost of old Tantallon has been finally laid?" "Not a bit of it, sir. If It was a mock ghost that deceived us before we'll have the real one now. The spirit of Jame. Wilson is sure to haunt the place unti the money is found." The Colonel laughed at the old man's obstinate belief, but there are those still living in the district who declare that the shadowy grey form, with the broad shoulders and drooping Scotch bonnet over its ghastly face, is stHl t» be seen gliding noiselessly in the or chard at Old Tantallon. Aid the miser's plant has never yet been discovered. 