THE HAUNTED HUT. Of Britain's old baronial halls We oft such tales have heard, Of spectral sights and ghostly calls Which here might seem absurd.' Yet here I've such a tale to teil, And let me now set forth The ghostly horrors which befell A traveller in the North. Pine Hut h*d such an evil name That none therein would stay, And if perchance a stranger came He quickly went away. 'Twas said a shepherd long ago Had, -with-his-wife been; speared By blacks, and wandering to and fro Their spirits still appeared. / *. ■ t : ; ' ' • 1 ' i V. ■ / * • '* * ^ ^ A traveller coming from the town Into those regions where Of old the saltbush plant, had grown, But blow the earth is bare. Seeing this hut, where hone did dwell, Resolved to stay that night, Had his desire, but had as well A most terrific fright. As now no lock was on the door He did not want a-key; The fireplace, level with the floor. Did serve to boil his tea. The window, it was very small, And gone was all the glass, But this was none the worse, as all The cooling air could pass. He found some water in the tank w « ~ : , To serve himself and horse, The feed was growing green and rank (He might have fared much worse). Spreading his rug upon the bank He, with his pipe, reclined, Then iato gentle slumber sank, Left all his cares behind. But lo ! upon-the silent night There burst a hideous c'ang -Of yells and shrieks of wild afiright Which through the rafters rang. And on the other bank there; came Before his eyes quite p'ain . Two other eyes, whose lambent orbs Did bum into his brain. Those awful sounds, this fearsome sight, They froze his soul with dread; His hair it seemed to stand upright, His limbs they felt like dead. He tried to speak, but to his lips No word, or sound would come, Those horrors had him in their grips, And fear had struck him dumb. And a? to think he tried in vain, There from his forehead rolled Adown his face like winter rain The perspiration cold. As thus he lay some moment pass'd, Though ages they did seem, The glowering eyes did move at last, Which broke that direful dream. Then, lying there, his wandering brjdn To memory did recall Something familiar in the strain Of that last frightful squall. 'Twas when he ip%natfcic slept, And nightly those tomcats Had vigil made as well as kept While yelling on the flats.. / * He gently moves, ahd downward prys, Then when his boot he got, Hurling it at those glowing eye3 He made a right good shot. The ghost up to the window flew, His knife with sudden chop, Cut short a t ail—as I must do, For here my tale must stop. Timon. 