SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER », 1899. WE suid on Saturday last that "a majority of five thousand was expected the majority has already overtopped tliat, and more is coming. But one tiling remains, and that is to do as it is re ported a strong anti-Federal member of Parliament is going to do-" bow to the will of the people." The people of Queensland, as a whole, have spoken, and it was to the people of Queensland as a whole that the question was put and the answer demanded from-not the people of the Southern district, the Northern district, or tho Central district, still less the people of the metropolitan area. It may be the misfortune rathei tliau the fault of tho metropolis that the portions of the colony at * distance should conceive ccrtain hostility towards her. It may be tiiat tho distuncc which, under ordiuaty circumstances, "lends enchantment to the view," should in the case of the seat of govern nient act by rule of contrary, it may be that one cannot live fur nway from the centre of power without imbibing a suspicion of unfair play-of becoming convinced that the people down there, as they have the handling of nil the money, must stick to more than (heir fair share of it, If this should prompt the distant ones to vote for anything to be even with the despoilers, it were a grievous thing ; and far more grievous were it it this were done without cause -if the people "down there " were all along the soul of honour, and had always dealt out even-handed justice to all, those afar bs well as those anoar, This is what, we are positive, has been done. Whatever prejudices the people of the North and Centre may have conceived against tho " llrisbuno Government" or the " Queen-street Government," there cnn be no doubt about thai Government having always done them justice. Suc cessive returns under (hu Financial Districts Act have proved it. Yet we do not pretend that the prejudice did not exist, nor that it played no part in the polling of last Saturday. What, then ? Shall the South kici; against the pricks becauso the other divisions have shown their desire to be rid of her 1 The South should bo only too glad to get out of the dilliculty so prosperously. The vote has proved (hat | the present arrangement has turned out a failure. It must bo considered h failure when the people of tho other parts of the colony are so discontented that they want to l<c rid of the arrange nient at almost any price. The people of the North and Centre have been agitating for sepiirntion fur soma years, and now, although Federation seems to shut tlio door against separation lor over, tlioy prefer that to a continuance of the present regime. Is it not tncky there is presented to them a way of doing it, not only without injuring tho South, hut which necssitnlcs doing the South a favor 1 L>'ft to itself, tho South would not accept Federation. Tho other districts foroo the benefit' upon iier (without meaning it us such perhaps with a dillciont meaning altogether) ; and some of our oracles, instead of beiiif> thankful, are foaming at the mouth. It is not well to kick against the pricks, wo are advised by an inspired teachor; lint that is what our anti J'Vderal oracle is doing now with all its might. It in said tlutt Britishers don't know when tlioy are beaten-so they fight on, nnd sometimes beat the other fellows. That is a very different thing to " keeping it up'' after you know you are beaten. The innii who is beaten, but dons not know it, stands up and lights like a man, but the thing that " keeps it up" when it knows full well it is beaten, can only lie do»J> and scream and blaspheme. No one will hit a fellow when ho is down-and tlio follow knows it. Very different would it be if lie would only stand up to it. The pluck might Banctify the cause, however mistaken. As it is, the keeping of it up only begets contempt. It is so easy-for sotue creatures-to lie down in safety, nnd curse. Are we to expect nothing more manly from the boasted champion of " liberty V Viewing (lie results of the Refer endum with a purely philosophic eye, we cannot fail to be struck by the central fact, as it might be called in more than one sense: how the anti Federal blight-if wo may so call it without ofYcnce-hovered about the metropolis; and how, as tfie elector got into remoter atmosphere, he threw aside the glamour and indulged in nobler aspirations. Tho biggest proportionate majorities for Federation come from the far North and the far West. Cunning ham is the first electorate this-ward where the tables were turned. The majority is only a fraction per cent., while away out on the Bnlloo it is over six to one. But the whole Nortfi may bo said to have gone solid-either for the Bill or against the metropolis, which you will; for whichever it is it bespeaks the failure of the old arrangement, and therefore the advisahleness of adopting the way out which offers without doing harm to anybody, but on the contrary, good to all. The one exception to this rulo was the Rockliampton area. Hut the reason for the exception was not exceptional, Rockliampton, like Brisbane, voted against the Bill. Tli% two cities joined hands for the purpose. Joined hands as friends 1 No, but ns deadly enemies. Not because they hated Brisbane less than other distant parts did the two Rockhamptons join with Brisbane in hostility to Federation, but because their hate was more than any of them. The Rockhamptons voted " No" because they would not enter the same confederation as Brisbane. They must have autonomy. They must be clear of the accursed connection before they would outer into uuior. with the Southern States of Australia. Where the Rockhamptons made the mistake was in thinking the rest of the strip of territory they would become the capital of sympathised with such virulent " patriotism." The Rock hampton influence did not extend a yard outside the Rockhampton area. As ?iiuch was suspected by many, but, as is usual iu such c<ssns, the last to suspect it were those who should bo the first to lenow it. Rockhauipton's dream is dis pelled at last-at the saiuc time .as Brisbane's. Is it not well that tlio disillusioning is productive of no harm to anyone, but great good to all ? And this kind of thing is infectious. The voting of (he three southernmost States fetched New South Wales in, tlmt of New South Wales fetched Queensland, Queensland will in turn fetch Western Austral/a, and New Zealand will uot-be far behind. So shall the Federation of Australasia be complete. Nothing is more sure than that if Queensland had stood out those other two States would have stood out too. But this is a case of the more the merrier. It only wants an increase in tlie number of States to lay the ghost of that " conspiracy" of the big ones which has been so troubling the anti-Federal champion until liis very reason was threatened. An Australian Federation is manifestly too big an affair for any of these little conspiracies. It is to the interest of all Australasia to make the affair as big as possible, and it must be gratifying to every true Queenslander to reflect on what an important part Queensland will have filled in that con summation when it is nil over. 