. REVIEWS. The Austral Light for December is to hand. Mr. W. L. Bowditch, M.A., con concludes his papers on the Hare method of voting. A striking passage, in which he urges the wisdom of the method, is this, "The majority is not the people, and tremendous evils might result to the State if their acts are not constantly criticised, and watched by strong and united sections or parties, not then in power." Mr. W. B. Withers contributes a paper of interest to people acquainted with Ballarat. It is entitled, "Among the Ghosts, and deals with memories of old Ballarat and many of its citizens now among the spirits. The Rev. Dr. Kelly pursues his history of the Greek Schism. The fiction is supplied by Miss Marion Miller, Mrs. Alan Suttor, and Mrs. E. McKay Tully, and the poetry by Miss Miller and Lilian Wooster Greaves. The Windsor Magazine for November, which comes to hand from Ward, Lock, and Co. through their local agents, Walch & Sons, contains the conclusion of Air. Crockett's exciting story " Joan of the sword," the incidents of which are strange and daring even beyond the ordinary. The articles which call for most remark- are those upon " Menelik and his people," Royal photography, pipe- making, Lady Murray's Homeorltestfor authors and artists, and the shipping centre of the world. The story-telling is also uniformly good, and the pictorial illustrations profuse and well executed. Some very popular works are being, brought within the reach of everyone by Ward, Lock & Co., issuing them in volumes al sixpence each. Copies sent us are " John Halifax, Gentleman," by Mrs. Craik, better known, perhaps, by her maiden name ; Mrs. Henry Wood's " Danesbury Houses" and Miss Charles worth's Ministering Children." All these are household words to readers of the best class of fiction, of which there is, after all, so little at the present day. From the same firm come two more substantial volumes, " Lady Barbarity," a romantic comedy novel, by J. C. Gnajtb, well worthy of its name, and '"Riding Recollections," a treatise on matters which will interest all horse- men, by Air. Whyte Melville. Racy and practical are the words with which those two books may be summed up respectively. A new book, about to be issued in London when the last mail left, " Tang weera," which contains a description of a little-known part of Central America, claims as its author Mr. C. Napier Bell, the well known New Zealand engineer. In this book are recounted the adventures of a you til passed among the Indians of the Mosquito Coast, and of the forests through which the rivers of that region flow. The author, Mr. C Napier Bell, was in childhood the play- mate of the young Mosquito king, who at that time enjoyed British protection; and, speaking the language of the Indians like one of themselves, had every opportunity of observing their habits and dispositions, as well as those of the wild animals which he hunted in their company. Nobody else. perhaps, can write with the same knowledge in the varied natural life of the Mosquito Coast. The work contains several illustrations from the author's own drawings. The publisher is Mr. Edward Arnold. 