LADIES' COLUMN. An Irish tram conductor came into his oar the other day, and called out, ' Wan seat on the roight 1 Sit closer on the roight, an' mek room for the leddy ph vat's stand ing.' A big surly-looking man, who was occupying space enough for two, said sul lenly, ' We can't sit any closer.' ' Can't yeez?' retorted the conductor; ? 'begorry vou niver wint coortin', thin.' Room was made at once. For a Queen to be a clever woman is not rare, but for one to take up the study of medicine is quite out of the common. The Qusen of Portugal for five Years studied nnder the ablest pbysieianp*in Portugal, and at length took her degree of M.D. She has now established in Lisbon a free clinic where the poor children of tho city re ceive treatment, often at bcr own hands, and thus, by her sympathy and tender re gard for tho people, she has gained a posi tion as a sort of nurse, mother, and friend, as well as a sovereign. Much ingenuity has been expended in the endeavour to discover on which band and on wbicb finger tbe wedding-ring was placed. The Jews have a tradition that Mary, when she espoused Joseph, received the ring on her middle finger ; lienor no Jewish woman wears her bridal-ring there, but always on the forefinger. St. Ambrose, in one of his sermons,, calls the third finger the finger for the ring. Macrobius gives the nursery names of the fingers in the times of the Romans ; the third finger is called unularis : the low Norman name for the same finger is ' John bf the Seals.' In the ancient ritual of marriage among the English Baptist, one ring was placed on tbe end of the left thumb, with tho words ' In the name of the Father and then on tbe forefinger with tho words ' and of the Son then on the middle finger, ' and of the Holy Ghost finally, on the third, the | ring finger, with the closing word ' Ameri.' The ancient Greeks used this finger also, because they believed a nerve to run directly from this finger to the heart. Lemnius says it is not an artery, but a vein, and modern science shows that there is nothing of the kind in existence. The right hand is the hand of power, hence tbe wife wears the ring on the left hand. The third finger is the only recog nised ring-finger ; all who wear rings offi cially wear them on that finger, though it is true that the status of the gods had their signets on the forefinger, both in Greece and in Italy. This was on the right hand ; but, from convenience and long-established custom, tbe left hand is now generally con sidered the proper hand, and the least-used finger of the hand Isolds the ring. Lemnius says that the same finger is called Medicus, for ' on account of the virtue it derives from the heart, the old physicians would mingle their medicines and portions with this finger, because no venom can stick upon the very outmost part of it but it will offend a man, and communi cate itself to his heart.' Some married women are so supersti tiously rigid in their notion respecting the wedding- ring, that they will never even for a moment take it ofi their finger, extending, it would seem, the expression ' till death us do part,' even to this golden pledge of 