THE FEDERAL FIGHT. Progress of the Campaign. Anti-Federal Fancies. . ;,Tllc Anti-Federalists, finding the coal-miners ili liiVuur ul union, arc trying to scare them with the taxation, bogey. Twcuiy-iwo and sixpence per head per year, they point out, would bo u 'crushing burucn for the minors. Most men eiiipiojeu in uic collieries arc muru vi jJuiiLii'ui Obuuuuia, uuu iviiuu mat x uuu ration will give iiicln a local iiiui'kei of 4,096,- ; 066 souls lor tno pruduci of thea- labour, in stead of 1,366,066, as at present; that union- must' be followed by enoimous inlcriuil deve lopment; that factories will be planted down as near the coal scums as possible, because coul Is tlie primary power of production; ami that, in consequence of litis increased indus trial activity, there will be a much wider de mand for coale Granting, for the sake of urgtiment, thnt the coal- inlneis will eucli con tribute us much to tlie revenue ns Dr. Muc- Lauiln 01- Mr. Flleher, they will havu to hew only about 160,600 tons of additional coul in tile year to. make up their contribution to the Commonwealth tariff; whereas the Increased demand lor coul' will probably run into nun. o thaii ten times'tliiit amount; and the weekly earnings ot each .miner will be Incieased pro portionately. But, as a ihultor of fact, the cost of Federation will not approach the amount stated, and n couple of hours work per. man would meet the extra cost; while 'Federation will give many duys' extra employ- meat'. An Anti-Federal allegation ..which Is being made much ue ot Is that the Senate will lie the predominating pnrlner, Tlie fnet Is, the Senate will be 1 elected by' tlio' people, liiilf' every three y'anra; it will have no power to Initiate or ainoml money bills, and will be liable to dissolution ui the will of tho Go vernment of the day. No other second Ulinm- ber ln the world can be dissolved In sueli a manner, and. therefore, tlie Senate of tlie Australian' Commonwealth will he consti tuted on the most liberal principles, and eon- ducted on the most democratic basis ever known In history. It cunnoL del'y tho will of the people, nnd the people will control Its actions throughout. , "The Senate will attract the ablest men 111 each Stale," declares tho "Dally Obstruction ist," which, besides being a wild assertion, unsupported by the probabilities, Is nii Insult , to the Intelligence of the electors. The me thods of the Antl-Fedeniltsis in abusing tho people of the other colonies, having fulled, they now hope to gain something by saying hard things about our own people. In the first place, there can be only six representa tives from each State; in the next place, the Constitution provides for responsible govern ment, and the members of Lhe Government must for the greater part lie members oi the popular' Chamber. The people, being vested with .specific political rights, will hiive sense enough to exercise those rights to the best ndvuniage, and any statement to the contrary Is an 'insinuation that the people are not capable of governing themselves. , "At Newcastle, ns at other centres 'of politi cal labour Influence, all accredited spokesmen speak against the bill," says the Antl-FcUera! organ. Of course Mr. Beld, Mr. Barton, Ml. Curnitliers, Mr. AA'Ise, and the oilier elglity- slx members of the Legislative Assembly who ure supporting the measure do not count as ' accredited spokesmen." "The bill moans disaster to Newcastle," Is the latest Anti-Federal ' ghost. If Increased Internal production will do harm, Newcastle Is doomed; If the building of new factories will liui't the country, disaster awaits Newcastle; if an increased demand lor coin has any ter rors for Newcastle, that city will suffer; and if the making of a market of 4,660,666 suuIb, In place of 1,366,006 persons," can injure any part of the country, Newcastle Is m Imminent jeopardy. In short, 11' the awakening from provincialism to nationhood will do any purl of New youth AVales or Australia harm, New- castle has-oyei yUilug. to tear, in view of the disastc-r which awaits her. In case of a double dissolution tho Anti- Federal press claims that the two Houses would appeal to two differently constituted tribunals. Surely the Anti-Federalists are hard pushed when they have tu resort to suon urgunicius. The voters are tlie same, and mo franchise the same for each Chamber. The Senate will be elected on the basis of manhood suffrage, nnd for Uie House of iiuprcscninuvcs every man In Australia will be entitled to vole once. The same men will vote for both Houses. Then, where is tlie difference? By D'", MacLaurln's calculations, and ac cording to his unique application of the law of averages, every man; 'woman, and child In the colony will lmvo to pay an additional 22s ui per head towards the cost of Federa tion. Everyone knows that, admitting the basis of. the doctor's calculations to be cor rect, the man who Indulges most" In luxuries, and consumes the largest amount of spirits and tobacco, will pay the largest share of the taxation, mid that women and children do not contribute to the revenue at the same rate as men, because the/ do not, us a rule, consume spirits nnd narcotics. The man with the most money to spend pays most towards the support of Ills country, and while a wealthy man and a working iiinn may between them, pay 4us per year towards the Federal tariff the former tvlll contribute 40s of that amount, and the working man will have to make up only the bulunce of 6s. To-mofrow afternoon, under the auspices of the Women's Federal League, at the Equitable- buildings, after 4 o'clock, Mr. Bruoe .Smith will deliver a special address to women- oh the advantages ot , the bill. AVhlle'the Antl-Billltcs were amusing them selves with a meeting In. VjA\ town' Town Hull lust niglit, ivlth plenty of room lo spare for late-comers, an influential and representative body .of residents of tlie district was busy forming the Newtown Federal Committee, to bo affiliated to the United Federal Executive; in the Mayor's rooms. Messrs. Rigg ami Molesworth, M.'sL.A., were present, and also Mr. A\r. G,. M. '-Poole (secretary Patriotic Ijetigiie), to assist in the work of. organlsa- . Hon. A strong general committee wus form ed, the Mayor of Newtown (Alderman C. Ilj- botson),' wlio presided at tlie meeting,' being elected general chairman, and Aldernuin. Cra zier general secreiury.. ' For each fin- of the thi'ee' electorates a sub-cbmmltto was then elected, with the following us executive olil-. cers:— St. Petors: Alderman. C. Ibbotson, chairman; Mr. O. Mitchell, secretary. Er- skine: Alderman. Salmon, chairman; Mr. W. R.- Eggleston, secretary! ' Cnmpcrdown: Mr; James Abigail, chairman;' Mr.,E. J. I-I. Bi-own, senratary. The general committee-rooms will bo liv the Newtown Town "Haiti and eucli sub-committee will vigorously work lis 'own - electorate. The Mayor, with' Messrs. Klgfi and Molesworth, M.'sL.A., and Alderniu'n Cra zier, was deputed to make arrange inoftts for securing the Premier's attendance at a great public meeting,, to be held next Saturday. It was also decided to hold another monster de monstration at tlio Newtown Town Hall on Monday evening. It Is evident that the New- town men are' now thoroughly aroused, una in grim earnest about the light fur national unity. ; . - '';. ' > . ' . : A very successful meeting In favour of Fc- der'atlpn was held last evening at the inter section of French's and Chlltorn roads, ' Wll- loiighby.-Mr. H. A, Brown being Iri the chair, and Mr. J. A. Chuch the principal speaker. There was a very considerable attendance, seeing' the scattered nature of the Icctllty, every effort being made by the energetic local committee to get Into educational touch with the people, with a view lo converting wliut was an Anti-Federal stronghold lust yeor In to one In favour this. Facts and figures were supplied that could not' be controverted. The mooting closed with the usual motion In fa vour- of the bill. 