BOW OVER A CIGARETTE. TitE new boarder in the fourth floor front conoluded that she would Btnoke a cigarette. On the contrary, she disliked them. The smoke got in her eyeB and made the teats come, it got down her throat and strangled her, besides which the odour permeated her clothing and stayed there. She was merely smoking this cigarette to see what would happen. ThiB was what happened :—Bright, the chambermaid, coming into the room to make the bed, promptly discerned the pernicious odour of that little cigarette. Then, spying stealthily around, she found the end of the cigarette reposing upon the corner of the mantelpiece. That was enough. She went about straightening the room in an ominous Bilenoe. When her work was done she went into the fourth floor back. ' There do be curious things a goin' on in the next room to thiB, ma'am,' she eaid to the woman who eat by the window embroidering. ' Curious things 1 Faith, an' that's phwat I'm afther tellin' of ye. 1 ' What in the world do you mean, Bridget?' asked the woman, sticking her needle straight into her thumb instead of into her embroidery. ' What is it that's going on ?' ' Bedad, it's the new boarder, ma'am ' Bridget went on in a horse whisper. Ii's Bhe that's afthor shmokin' a cigaroot in her room, and that's phwat's the maiter. Faith, an' ain't it enough, ma'am ? A lady a-ehmokin' of a cigaroot in her ronm.'' The woman pushed Bridget aside and sptd out of the room. She made hor way to the third floor front. ' Well, what is tho matter?' atkod tho third floor front, who was busily engaged in washing out her handkerchiefs and pasting them up against the window pane to dry. ' If you only knew!' ' Toll me, then, quick. Has there boon a row in the house and I not in it? If there has it's the first.' ' l?ight you nre, but it isn't a row this timo. What do you suppose is happoninp in this very houBO this very minute ? The new hoarder is smoking cigars a foot long in hor room upstairs—a foot long, those stogies. Thnt is what you call them, iBn't it? Yes.. Btogics.' 'What! screamed tho ihird floor front. ' It's the gospel truth. Bridgst told me.' The handkerchiefs all fell off tho window pane to tho floor. The third floor front, leaving them ihere, ran to the woman and grasped her by the aim. ' Come, tho exclaimod, let's go and tell the third floor back. If t-ho finds out there is anything going on in this house that she don't know about sho will drop dead. We don't want a funeral.' Together they hastened to tho third floor back. Tho occupnut of the room was combing her back hair preparatory to doing it up in a psyche knot. ' What do you think is happening ?' they cried in one voice. The third floor l ack took her hairpins out of her mouth and looked around. ' I can't imagine,' she eaid. ' What ?' ' eometing awful,' they declared, both talking together. ' The new boarder in the fourth floor front is smoking a pipe. Think of a young girl like that smoking a pipe in a house like this. Isn't it a sin and a chame? Isn't it disgraceful ?' Are you sure ?' demanded tho third floor back. ' Of course,' they asserted. ' Bridget told it to tho fourth floor back. It's the solemn truth. We give you our word of honor.' The third floor back scattered her hairpins recklessly over her dressing table, ' We'll go and tell it to tho sccond floor front,' said she. ' I'd just like to know what sho thinks of it. A shame and a disgrace! Well, I should think so. The girl ought to be fired out of the houso this very minute. That's what sho should be !' She led tho procession, her hair streaming down her back, to tho second floor front. ' The now boarder upstairs is smoking a pipe,' tboy said. ' Not only that, but she's got cigarettes and cigars and cheroots all over the room everywhere, on the tables and bookcases and whatkoo's. Tho mantelpiece is full of them, liven tho walls are festooned with tobacco leaves brought from wherever ehe comce from and hung up instead of pictures.' When thoy had paused for breath the second floor front got in a word edgeways. ' That girl always did havo a queer look to me,' ehe said, pressing her lips together. ' I spotted hor the minute I laid eyes on her, tho very miuute she put her foot in this house. <t saicr then, ' We'll hoar from her yet.' Thoy were my very words And now it has come Booncr than even I expected. I know whnt I om going to do ' ' What ?' gasped the others. 'I am going to the landlady and havo her put out. That is what I am going to do. Smoking pipes in a decent house in a decent neighborhood!' They hastened downstairs. On their way they oncountsred the occupant of the back parlor, who appeared to be surprised to see them all togethor BO early in tho morning. ' Would you believe it,' said the second floor back, 1 the now boarder upstairs is sitting in her room right this minuto smoking a pipe, with cigars and tobacco and everything emokable under the sun around her! The room is so thick with tobacco smoke that you could cut it with a knife. Think of a young girl liko that smoking. It wouldn't surprise mo abit if she was an opium fiend!' 'That is just it. She is an opium fiend,' they reiterated in an awed whisper. The back parlor at last found sufficient strength to lift up her hands in holy horror. 'An opium fiend in this houBe,' she groaned. ' Well, she will not stay in it long ; we will have her put out. She goes, bag and baggage, or we go. The landlady may pay her money and laker her choice.' The landlady was quietly -hemming napkiilB when they marched into her. ' Now, look here,' said the second floor front, ehakiog'a trembling forefinger in her face. 4 We are all going to pack cur trunks and leave this pl"ce in double quick time unlets you fire out that bgnrder on tho fourth floor.' •Why, what has she done?' demanded the landlady, '.She is up in her room now, sitting oross legged in the middle of the room, dressed in Turkish trousers, smoking a pipe.' \' My laud ?' exclaimed the landlady.; 1 Is that true ?' ' Certain of it.' ' Tell her to go, or we go. 1 1 Of course, if it IB so, she must go,'sighed the landlady. .She laid aside her work and went upjstairs, followed by the others, and she knocked at the new bpfirder's door, ' Come in, Said the new boarder. The landlady went in and looked around. There was not tho ghost of a nargileh, not a Bingle opium fume, and if the girl had been dressed in Turkish trousers, Bhe had the ability of a lightning changeartist to coBtume herself whileyou wait. She rose and politely requested the landlady to be seated. The landlady took a chair and sat down. She beamed upon the new boarder. ' It iz a nice morning ?' ' It is,' replied the new boarder. ' How do you like your room ?' asked the landlady. ' Very much, indeed,' said the girl. 'That rug in front of the dressing table looks a little bit frayed,' said the landlady. Adding a few unimportant remarks, she rose to go. ' Won't you s!py a little longer,' asked the new boarder. ' No, thank you. I juBt came in to see how you were getting along. Good morn- ing,' said the landlady. ' Good morning,' said the new boarder, and when the door closed upon her she lietened a moment to the excitcd explanation going on in whispers outside, then, walking to the window, stood there smiling all to herself. She bad not been born the d*y before. She know exactly what had happened. 