ORIGINAL NOVEL. TAUi Rights Rbskbvhd.1 Marian Gonisby. By E. DOIDGE, Author of ' Father and Son, ' The.Daughtera of Eve,' 4 Mystery of Merveillieu,' &<. BOOK II. CHAPTER X. — (Continued.) ' Now come, tantalising boy, what is it ?' ' Cannot you guess, Lilian ?' ' Something about Marian, of oourse.' 4 Of oourse ; two letters by the mail this morning took me an hoar to read them, and a pretty bad fright I got. Yon know after that Thames episode Marian waa hopeful that the governor's obstinate objeotion to onr marriage was dying out, but he took a sudden and terrible turn, became more bitter than ever, and vowed vengeance . . Now. on top of all this, the old gentleman — Heaven forgive bim muoh for it— suddenly decided to -return to Australia ! What do yon say to that ?' 4 That iB indeed good' news, George. I congratulate yon with all my heart.' Especially as tbty most be now aotnally on their way. Where would they be a fort night after leaving England, Lil?' 4 1 cannot exaotly say, bnt somewhere in the Mediterranean I suppose.' 4 Yes, I expeot so I shall look it up. Just imagine, we shall have Marian with ns, all being well, in a month or so. It's just splendid ' George turned to go to bis room, but paused to hold up to Lilian's eyes a few lines of Marian's latter, which he asked her to read : — 4 You have waited for me, dear George, these three long years, and I am coming to you. Portionless ir may be— only my own poor self — bnt all yonr own.' That is very pretty — worthy of dear Marie. How glad we shall all be to sea her back.' 'Yes, everybody; bat one in partioalar, you bet ; and George ran up the stairs two steps at a time. - Not for a long time b ad his heart been so light. And that way lies the young man's hope of happiness. Snob years of patient waiting ara never wasted. In after life, mid many trials of love and patienoe, of fidelity and temper, the years when the heart aohed and yearned for life's - mateoome back with their reoords of oft- repeated vows, of affection, of tenderness; and of ideals realised or awaiting realization. George's bnoyanoy of spirits at the even- ing m6al was so apparent that, had bis team won the intercolonial football matoh, he eould not have been in greater fettle. It was apparent to every member of the family that the heir and hop9 of the Whidden family was in receipt of good tidings. « What is it, George P' said Lady Whid den. 'Marian, will be with us, all being well, r inside of five weeks.' 4 Teat is news, indeed.' 4 But does it mean that your way will be any dearer P' .asked Sir Douglas. 4 1 have every reasoa to believe it will be,' replied George. 'Then I have every reason to believe that you will marry a penniless girl, unless the old man Gonisby has either reached his dotage or dies suddenly.' It was one of those random shots whioh are sometimes spokeu lightly yet fit marvel lously into the realities ; for, as the reader knows, Joseph Gonisby was dving at the time. ' I'm not troubled about one or other of the possibilities,' was George's ready response. He was not in tne mood to look upon any but the brightest side of the picture ; and, as a now apparently relenting fate willed it, he was not to be disappointed. CHAPTER XI. sunshinb and rain. , v January days passed into Febiuiary, and the boat was due in whioh Mr Gonisby and Miss Goqiaby had booked .passages for Melbourne. How many hearts reach ont with keen anticipations and bright hopea on coming to a new land— some to be more than realised ; others, and they form the major ity, to be more than disappointed. Of all the paesengers who on that bright Febrnary morning steamed up to the Sandridge Pier, there were few more moved by emotion than Marian Gonisby. But they were conflicting emotions wbioh swayed her. Glad was she heyond words to find herself once again nearing the oity where her hear t'a. affections lay — 1 sad to remember that it "was ' as an orphan, absolutely alone in tbe world. Ere she arose that happy morning, Bhe guessed they had entered the heads, per ceiving that the ship no longer answered to the ocean swell; and when she came on deck before breakfast, there to the left shone Queensoliff — always prepossessing, always piotnresque ; and as one.familiar view after another oame into sight, her spiriu rose and a soft color oame iato her oheeks, whioh- had grown more thin and pale than were their wont. . But of all sights pleasing to the eye and to tbe heart, there was one Bhe dwelt upon not yet come— the sight of the one mail in the world whose memory had been ever . present, and npon whose strength and fidelity she had leaned, as npon a rook whose foundation was snre. 4 Miss Gonisby, you are coming down to breakfast for the last time— are yon not ?' It was Miss Leslie who spoke, as she oame from amongst the passengers, who were intent on spying npon the new land. 4 Really, I had hardly thought of it— I donbt if I can eat ; bat I will manage a cap of coffee,' I daresay.' > "What a delightful bay — if it is a bay— it is more like au - inland ooean ; it is so large. Wby did you never tell me how mapnifioent it was ?' 4 We seldom talk about Port Phillip : all the admiration seems to go to its great rival — Port Jaokson. If we have not the hun dred inlets whioh adorn Sydney's port, yet here we at leaBt have scope and ample room to sail onr pleasure boats ; and around' the bay there are many pleasure places — yonder tor instance, lies Mordiallic, where I have joined in very pleasant picnics. Some day, Miss Leslie, I hope we shall have the pleasure of seeing some of these show plaees in company.' A wish whioh Marian'b companion gladly shared. Then they betook themselves onoe more to the breakfast table, where, however, Marian sat for only a few minutes. . She was really too excited to more than make a pre tence of eating. Soon she was on deok again, looking anxioosly to the landing point, wondering would he be there. Yes, George was there with eyes but for one individual in the world, wondering eould (it indeed be possible that the hour had come when he should meet again the woman he loved, never (as he hoped) to be parted more. And how would she seem? What change had the years made ? How should he meet her? Would she forgive him the warmth of the embraoe that his armB were longing to perform ? Would the severest of fathers be at her side to veto more than the oommon, most formal hand-shake ? Did ever vessel take so long to moor ? Was ever sailor slower ? Was ever hawser more awkwardly handled ? Was ever any body or any orowd less in a hurry? . . . Then, at length, the ooean-liner was along side, and one amongst the host of landsmen and landswomen scanned the line of faces whioh leaned over the taffrail, and then forward to amidships ; bnt there was no sign of the faoe he Bonght. What if Marian weie not aboard ? How should he hear the disappointment? So soon as the little bridge was thrown aoross George was one of the first to get on deok. Looking to right and left of him, George walked to and fro amongst the passengers. He - must ask somebody — yet whom f— they were all either eagerly talking amongst themselves, or eqaally engaged in looking for people. When at length he did venture, to ask, he found he- had enquired of one who, like himself, had just oome aboard, at whioh they both laughed. Then he had the : luok to ran aorcBs the purser, and was told that there was a Miss Gonisby aboard. ... . Now, what a qniokening of tbe pnlse— what a rash of the blood ! Marian was really there — on this same ship As he stood npon. Surely Bhe would be on deok, he thought ; but Marian had a few moments before gone down to the saloon. Perhaps .there was a great lump in her throat ; perhaps she wished, to avoid the bustle and orowd of tbe deok. Perohance, some instinot told her it would be better to be' a little apart if her lover Bought her. She realised how very muoh alone Bhe was. She had oome very far to him; she would withdraw a little now — it was just womanly— and she sat down and felt the throbbing of her heart. . 4 If he ib here he will soon find me. . Oh, how trying the moment. . He does not oome'. . Perhaps he was. not advised of the steamer being signalled. . Fifty things could keep him . I will go above. . . No, I will sit still a minute longer: . I am positively- the only .soul in this big saloon. . How odd it looks— even ridicu lous. . I am sure it does. . I will go above ! Marian was proceeding with this intent, when — whistling as he oame— George knew it was a feigned whistle, jnst as the big boy who is not afraid of ghosts knows he is hnmbngging when he whistles for oompany in a lonelv spot — there he oame. trinDinir down the companion way— 4 George !' 4 Marie, deai Marie ! Her surcharged heart was so full, his armB were about her waist andneok, and. there waB no one to borne between. . The emotions are as the pnmp of Che affections, and in great grief or joy with women, the 4 windows of the soul' let forth the fountain oi the heart. 4 Marian, my love, look up !' said George, bnt Bbe nestled the oloser.to bim, and sobbed convulsively - on bis sho&lder.; Not till she could look at him steadily did Bhe raise her tear-stained faoe to bis, and he kissed it again and again until he declared1 he tasted the sallnesa of the tears ! '" ' Yon are fresh from the sea — a regular salt! Bat oome, darling, is there any trouble ?' 4 Forgive me, George, these were not tears of trouble but of joy. I know it is very foolish, but I really oould not help it. . Yet I have had tronble— great trouble and grief, George.' 4 Tell me all abont it, dearest.' He led her to a seat, looked steadily into her eyes, and read there traces of what Marian had experienoed npon the voyage. 4 Yon do not ask for my father, George ?' 4 That is bad manners I admit, love ; bnt yon will believe me when I say I had no thought for a soul on earth but you, Marie ; and I'm really thankful to the governor for this respite. How is he P' t Vah will nnwaw bqq him Mam rinhvmn -LUl IAWTW4. OW " "WU| NSWAgO, He is dead.' v 4 four fatheb is dead ? Good heavens, you surprise me.!' Then she -.told him the story of' Mr Gonisby's illness dud death and burial in the Red Sea. And George took Marian again in his arms, and kissed and caressed her ; and he was too disingenuous to 'he other than devoutly thankful that a great peaoe and rest and surety had fallen upon them. For Heaven itself seemed to have removed the hand that so long had withheld the woman he longed to oall his own. Tttey were speeding in the train to their old home. What if there were curious eyes? What if George was seen by com panions who knew him, but whom he uever saw;? There are times when we walk npon air, when our spirits soar as in the lofty flight of the eagle, and the little oommonplaoe things of time and sense pass nnperoeived. By the time they reaohed Prahran George had lived, as it were, through an epitome of his loyedv one's life from the time they left London to the arrival that morning. It seemed to him there was little to tell of himself. The Whidden affairs, momen+oos as they had been siuoe the departure of the GoniBbys, appeared to him. unworthy "of mention alongside the smallest details affecting any part oi Marian's life sinoe he. had saifi gsod-bye. So he told Marian when she repeated the request 4 Now tell me about yourselves, George ?' They were at the Whiddens home. 4 Dear old place ! And there is Lilian !' exclaimed Marian, as Miss Whidden oame eagerly ont to meet them. Weloome, a thousand welcomes home, Marian.' ' Thank yon, darling Lil, you are right— this indeed is home, or bat three doors off,' and they kissed and kissed and embraced upon tbe pathway with unaffeoted heart iness. 4 Do not make even that reservation,' replied George, having reference to the 4three doors away from 4Fairleigh.' 4 1 guess you will be quite at home,' and be led her into, the house to present her in triumph to Lady Whidden, whose weloome to Marian was no less cordial. Having to harry to his daties in the oity, George relnotantly tore himself away, leav ing Marian with his mother and two sisters, whose eondolenoes with Marian's bereave ment were mingled with felioitationa that she was onoe again safely with them Daring the day, too, oame Auut Zinny, by whose more-effusive demonstration of delight, sympathy and concern ' Marian was well-nigh overwhelmed. 4 Snre, . ohild, yon are just the same, > though sobered,' she kept on. saying; 4 but little wonder, for yon have oome through trial and tribulation. Thank the Lord that yon Are safely back with ns, and we shallnever let yon go again ; and yonr poor papa— to think that we. shall never .see him again! - Bat be was a good and upright and kind man, and yon are his only obild. This latter was said with a perceptible aooent of consolation, after the prodenoe ot tbe worldly- wise, whioh Marian understood, as she also anderstood that' good Aunt Zinny derived honest pleasure from the thought that . at lat, when all was'satd: and done, her foster lamb was well provided for. .Marian did not undeceive her, nor say anght of the cruel wrong that-had been don» her in the matter of the will. 'Twas not till George returned, and then late in the evening when they had spent- many hours together, and Marian W retailed many ohapters of absorbing interest to her lover, that she oame to that part affecting her worldly prospeots. 'And now, George, I have, something to tell yon whioh yon have a right to know. It wfil shook you very much, I am afraid.' 4 We have grown rather need to shooks— fioanoial shooks in partioalar — in these parts sinoe you left, dear.' He said thiB with a sort of intuition of what was coming. 4 You have guessed something sorely, George, but yon have herdly guessed the truth. My father before we left England made a will whioh entirely disinherited me !' 4 That was unfair, oruel to you ; but, ' darling,' and he held her closely to him, ' done you give two tnougnts to it, so far as I am concerned. Yon are here, and you are , to be mine — my own, love— and I am more than satisfied. It is better that yon- should not be rioh while I am poor. I should feel, it badly, I assure you. Now we are on. ., equal terms. We are young, and the world is fairiy before us. I oan keep vou oomfort- ably, I trust, though not in affluence. . . You really will bo mine, darling ?' .... 4 Need you ask ?'.. It seems too good to be true. I am positively beside myself with the joy of it.F- ' 4 George, there is one thing more I have to.- !' >. tell,' and Marian then recounted the making of a new will at the last moment, whiohbnt- needed tbe signature to complete the total . rectification of the wrong that had been done. 4 That whb 4 tcuoh and go' for a fortune and no mistake;' exolaimed the happy lover. 4 But tell me, Marian, that yon do not mind ; : —that yon will not let this tronble you when all else is now plain-sailing in front of as ?' 4 1 really have not troubled about it, George. I oan, I think, honestly say I am not mercenary, yet it does seem rather hard, and I am sorry for yonr sake !' 4 Then you must not be— I will not allow it!' The captain and the dootor were very,, very kind. They quite interested themselves' in me when they anderstood how matters- stood, and the captain told me .when at Colombo — I am sure I did hot' wish him to do it — tbat he had written an account of the whole affair to unole Gonisby, whom he thinks— bat 1 do not coant on anythlng.- Ib is the better way — is it not, dear ?' ' . 4 Quite the better way, darling.' 4 Your nnole stands as the heir, and will'- " inherit yonr father's wealth. Bnt wa shall; ' nevee trouble him, take my word for it. I am far rioher than heinhaving yon, darling.' It waa lover's talk, and they were not inter rupted.. If the lost thousands was theprioe J ; of their freedom thna to love and wed, they oounted they hadthe best of the bargain ; they grudged not the loss of the gold in ths- plenitude of their love. 4 1 am more glad than I oan say that yon take it so, George. It is the final proof — if proof were wanting— of three years of devotion — what the oommeroial, money- worshipping world wonld oall the final and olinohing test. o . 4 Tssfc ! Yon <alk wide of tbe mark, my love. You forget yourself! You do not - know yourself !— as though any fellow, any ' ' : man in Australia, wonld want any sort of . ; bribe along with enoh a pearl— for are yon . .. v!0 " j not bey end all price ?' ..i.'-. i ; Will you always think so, George ?' 4 It will be my fault if 1 do not.. . . : ' Marie, do yon know that there is a wonder- ' ful, big, beautiful difference in yon !' ' A difference f .i-V- 4 Yes, you are changed— not in appearance,, scarcely any at all — bnt in manner. - Yon ,1. remember— do you? — that never for two minutes would you let me hold you in my arms; though 1 fait yon.loved me, yet. yon ... ware always so — bo scared — so unyielding,—1 ' 4 Well, if yon let me go a little— £ shall .. . not ran away — there !— I may explain, this.-. , subtle ohange that yon are pleased to hotioe. ' . . I am changed. Be sore, George, yon . do not see more than 1 feel it. In those far- . . off days I was fighting many invalid battles' ' ' ' — fighting self, fighting prejudice, warring with traditions ; and heaviest of all to hear' up against was my poor father's bitterness— ; . >; i but you know about that, George?' . , ;£ I (To be oontinned.) The statement is made that alcoholic candy Is largely sold in Manchester and other Eng lish towns. It is said to be imported from Germany, and an analyst deolars that it eon- tains proportionately as muoh aloohnl as does beer. MntHdi Mm Mtulh WmU+ 