THE CONTRIBUTOR. PIONEERING IN NORTHERN AUSTRALIA. Br iBNEis J. Gomr, F.BG.S. No. XVI. The bisaare nature of our life at Marigui was never more character istically expressed, nor more forcibly impreraedupon the participators io it, than it was when Mrs. Bradsbaw gave a party io celebration of her birthday. I hive been present at a variety of sooiat festivities dur ing the currency of a diversified career, but never one of so unique and striking a character as tbat which wae held in the msin tent of the lonely settlement ou the far Prince Regent Biver. It was not that remoteness from publio haunt keened the edge of solitude, aud sharpened tho suggestion of novelty, for there was not one of ua who had not, at sometime or other, felt more severely alone, and isolated in the heart of thronged cities than we ever did at Marigui. Once banished from' the lap of Waterloo by the sufficient exorcism of the ring of the axe and ths rattle of musketry, the sombre spirit of solitude soemed to find more congenial surroundings where the weird chant of the aboriginal Oor robbsrree rose 'end'TuU on the nigbt air, than where the canorous notes of Mrs. Hradftlmw'o orgsuette and Hugh Young's flute made unfamiliar melody in his ears. The sense of solitude was never insistent, and was but an insignificant factor in produc ing any of the peculiar effects of Mrs Bradaliaw's party. There web an element of unreality about the wholo scene. Tho landscape was brilliantly illuminatod hy a full moon, which'poured a flood liquid silver light on glistening' grass blade ! and shimmering leaf. Eolus. Boreas and Zephyru* had retired to rest bolow the horizon, and were snoring or sighing in their sleep to other ears by sundown seas. The quaint forms of the baobab trees, standing round the camp, with their dense crowns of foliage frosted on top by argent light, and Bplashed with black shadows underneath, looked strangely unnatural in tbe bright moonlight. The ghostly, contorted white trunks of the cabbage gums, gleamed like the limbs of maidens, except where patches of shadow from tbeir own broad loaves lay like ink Btains on their rounded knees and elbows. The coolibabs, nnx vomicae and bauheni&s;, with lighter foliage, left open spaces for tbe moon beams to filter through and checker the ground, or paint alternate stems of the long grass with ivory black or Bilvery white. The landscape im mediately around the camp looked like an extraordinary decorative scheme in silver and black, wbilo along stretching vistas the massed lights and shados and sharp con trasts were softened and blended into a mystic, wonderful luminous groy. The effect was not an unusual product of s brilliant Anstral tropic moonlit night, but the music, the mirth, and the animated conversation had produced, in a lesser degree, perhaps, that peculiar mental and spiritual exhilaration wbich any gVeu* irvia-t-i mil, jpnuu wnu A music, or noble poem that ' find' us create, in a groater degree. Our ^fj»thetic perceptions, undimmed by wbloh we looiafi?- glasses through .world, were sensibly sfl»jp--'I-Js*doy until the fun and the frolio becSttiJ fast and furious under the awning, tbat did duty as a portico to the main tent, we paid more heed to tho suggestions of nocturnal nature than was our habit. We peopled the shadows with friendly sprites, and fitted eldritch forms to the unknown voicos of the woods, for all the vales are vocal when ths moon has set her silver lamp on high. The plovers plaintive waif, tho bitterns muffled boom, the curlews keening cry, and tbe bluff, gruff call of mopokes seemed to strike new chords. Near by, with rasping notes in their voices, tree-toads kept a constant oall of ' berique, besique, bssi^ue,' buzzing like a cicala song, or whistled an uninterrupted cricket-like tune. Up from the spring and down from tbe dam came the rattle of sharp calls that sounded like ' qusrt pot quart pot,' 'hot watah, hot watah,' ' deep watah, deep watah, deep watah,' that anyone who listens where big green frogs frequent, will bepr, and down in the mangroves acquatio fowls soreamei with shrill vpicee over repasts on the quaint little frog.fisb', which tbe rising tids would keep ever on tbe move, before its encroaching waters. Cockatoos, forced to vacate roosts on low limbs of the mangroves, as the water roao to them, soolded angrily, and oould ije heard fluttering on dumsy wings to other perches. These scenes and sights and sounds ore all normal to the seeing eye, listening ear and' understanding heart, but what would probably have most struck a speotator.' dropping unexpectedly. from a modern civilised centre, on the solitary settlement by St. Georges Basin, would have been the strange spectacle in the main tent. He might have imagined either one of three thing*, and each would have sur prised him equally at that time and plane. Oor appearance would have suggested to him that we were either a castaway theatrical coopany, enter- 1 taining ourselves,, an ' out west, Pises Greek' tea party, or aa assem blage of very material ghosts of brave Will Dampier*s reckless bno oan Bering crews, revelling ashore, as was their custom, when a treasure laden gallepn had fallen into their hands on tlie Spanish main. The only things we lacked to complete the unintentional ensemble, were the rich csparisonings of sumptuous drapsries and choice laces, the rings and ornamenta of gold, and the long top boots which msde the doughty old filibustersrs such brave figures. Our party was armed to ths teeth. Eveiy man had his cartridge belt filled V with death dealing poluhed: brass oases. Bandoliers, through* which glinted the brass wrapping and dull gleaming lead bullets of Martini, cartridges, were strapped across the shoulders, over loose fitting Kahkee jackets. Sheath knives were bung on the belts, the buckles of which were polished until they counterfeited glowing gold. Bevolver pouches, with blue, steel butts pro truding from their flaps, lay od tha hips. Mr. Bradsbaw and X had military sabres dangling at our heels, much to our inconvenience, although they wfere reminiscent of old volun teering days, and rifles were staoked by the table, or leaned against the tent _ ropes, wherever they were readily accessible. We all wore broad brimmed felt hats, iauntily tipped to one tide, and generally ' comported ourselves with the easy swaggering rolling air of typical swashbucklers. Mrs. Bradthaw entered freely and fully into the spirit of that, I am sure, most memor able of her birthday parties, and kept the fan going with many a witty sally and humorous rejoinder, i With ths gallantry of the sailor and the courtesy of the backwoodsman, .we one and all yielded her the homage the woman ot cultur^ and I innate refinement will command-'any- where, except in a Parisian an mte, and with a charming ' graciousness and courtly gracefulness, she plied us with musio and song, and won from us tributes of praise and ap plause that were sometimes accentu ated with salvos of musketry. Mr. Young, too, who is a musician to the finger tips, and plays almost any musical instrument, from a tin whistle to a pipe organ, with equal ease, played many , selections on the organette and his flute. The captain of the Gemini and Jan Larsen sang us many a rousing sea song; and we joined in the choruses with a vigor that shook ' tho raftors of far forest aisles.' Otbors of 'us recited, and there were told that night many stirring stories of tbc .sea and tales of moving . accidents by flood and field. Late in the night, or early next morning, a dozen lusty throats rolled forth the familiar strains of Auld Lang Syne, and brought to a close Mrs. firadshaw's birthday party on the Prince Begent Biver. I have often wondered why Mr. Bradshaw ordered all hands to come to the party fully equipped with arms and ammunition. He had not an ounce of fear in bis whole frame. Ho had at one lime faced a mob of blackfellows, single handed, with a small bulldog revolver that I despised as much as I respected bis cool daring, and in a hundred sinister situations he had proved himself a block of resolute courage. There are only two satisfoctoiy reasons I can give for the order. One is that he perhaps doubted whether the Wahgomeraba had been given a sufficient taste of the quality of our weapons, and desired to provide efficient means to prevent the day gathering into a successful blackf surprise party. Tbe other reason is that Mr. Bradshaw is at heart a buocaneer of the old school, a&d; loves their picturesque way of doing things. In other 3sys and on other ?Stores he would havo filled a much has doniHcuous role in life than he him to be capabie'talis. I believe ! was the hero of my bfljn- jj0 . hero of my youth, and still remamJ tho hero of my manhood. I am not sure that he aud I would not long ago have been dead if we bad been able to cany some of our favourite schemes into practical effect. We were always planning soms enter prise or other which seem to mo now to have necessitated dangerous breaches of international law, and some of our projected adventures would inevitably have won a shot aoross our bows, and tbe confiscation of our vessel and our persons, if nothing more serious had eventuated. Perhaps it is as wsll that tbe cursed laek of pence, that sometimes rexes publio and high-spirited men now and then, threw a wet blanket over our schemes. But I'm not suro. It is better to hare fought and loettban never to have fought at all. Some thing almost invariably, to our great chagrin, pricked our bubbles before they were fully blown. But we always flatter ourselves that, as s result of one of onr sohemes, the British crown acquired a valuable patch of territory. We had formed a small but determined band to exploit the portion of New Guinea not claimed by the Dutch, and pick the eyes out of the country before any of tbe nations cast covetous eyes upon it. Unfortunately, we oommuniasted with Mr. Cboster, the Government Resident at Thursday Island, to ascertain from him all par ticulars likely to be of use to a trading and settling party. He replied evasively, but, we were in formed, that he docketted our letter and sent it to the Queensland Government, with the comment that if prompt notion were not taken to secure New Guinea from rapacious filibustersrs, it might speedily bo overrun by unprincipled adventurers, to the loss of the nstives and the I disadvantage of British prestigs. The letter precipitated tbe famous annexation' of the island by the Queensland Government, and we lost the depoeit we paid on the purchase money of a schooner. Con stitutional Government and British men of war killed buccaneering. 