TBI YELLOW BBA WING-ROOM, (PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) Xs.- IMOFB A.PE. ,!Author of "Scamp and, I;'.' I'The Honourable Miss,': "A Sweet Girl Graduate," "A1 'Son of Ishmael," "The Siren," &e.;, &c; ; and Joint Autlior of "Stories from the Dlaiy of . a 1 I Doctor," "Dr. Rumsey's Patient," &e.;, &e.; . ' COPYRIGHT. INTRODUCTION. JuBt when succcsb was almost crowning his efforts my master, lost his life, but he be queathed his secret, as far us It had gone, to me, arid i also .the whole of his by no means Inconsiderable fortune. The ' sole condition attached to the money was tnnt i snouia carry out hls llfe work. This being deeply interest ing to myself I faithfully promised to do, and the story which Is about to be disclosed tells of my efforts, my failures, my partial suc cesses, the final and awful tragqdy which -came as the end of all my labours. I have now reached that extreme corner of the' mortal sphere where the power to In fluence others for their happiness and sor row Is over, and 1 wait my summons to stand bc'fore the Eternal Tribunal. Before passing out of the (vbi'ld, however, I wish to have certain facts, recorded; they relate to myself hnd'to,' alas I I must use the word, my vic tims. I was born a poor boy, and never expected to have anything to do with gentlefolk, but when I was a lad of about 15 I happened to render a trifling service to an eccentric gen- ' tic man who had come to stay In my native Village. He took a fancy to me, nr perhaps he saw something In me which made him guess that he could train nie to help him In Ills scientific pursuits. He asked me If I would become his servant, and having loBt, something which I called my heart to him, for he had the power of exercising great fas cination over certain Individuals, 1 gladly' pro mised. I left my father and mother, my village friends, my early home. There was a girl v-hom I loved as a boy loves, whem I kept company with, and whom I had promised to marry in the happy days when 'I should be rich, but I bade her good-bye with scarcely a pang, and with little hope or even desire of seeing her again. I bade all those who made life, human, beautiful, desirable, a careless farewell, and went Into the world with my rew master. He took me away with him, ostensibly as his servant. In reality as his close companion and sympathetic friend. He began at once to educate m'e, he did not send me to school, hut he engaged the best masters to give hie ICBsons. I had. a coach for everything which comprises the ordinary education of an Eng lish boy. I learned the ancient languages, . I also acquired a considerable knowledge of French and German, a little Spanish, a smat tering of Italian. .In addition my master began himself to Impart, knowledge to me. His knowledge was extraordinary; It dealt In curious and occult sciences. I Imbibed all that he could tell me freely, and before I waB five and twenty knew very nearly as much as he did himself. I lived with him until his death, becoming less human year by year, ond more absorbed In the queer life which he led. I sorrowed with him. over his failures, for he wris engaged in a search of the utmost Importance, and rejoiced at his partial successes. He.. was an old man when I first came to him. and he always said that his mantle should fall upon me. and that I might hap pily succeed where he had assuredly failed. He left me his fortune, he Imbued me with his spirit, and he laid his solemn command upon. me. I found myself at the ago of five and forty prepared to carry out to the bitter end that which might sacrifice many lives, In the hope of eventually rescuing a large proportion of the human race. My master's papers were, a very precious possession — In them were recorded the re searches of a lifetime, but I already knew their contents by heart. Books could aid me little, for the research which was placed In my hands was absolutely original— It was necessary for me, therefore, to have human beings to experiment upon, and with this ob ject In view I furnished and prepared the Yellow Drawing Room. I took a houBe In a square which 1 will rail Roecoe Square, and which was situated In a fashionable part of Belgravla. The house was for sale, and I bought the freehold for a large figure. I then employed workmen to make certain alterations, and these being com pleted I furnished It according to my own Ideas. With my money and the education my master had given me I might now appenr as a gentleman of meane, but after careful re flection I thought.lt best to keep to the hum- hie position In which I was born, and deter mined after furnishing the house to fill It with guests to whom I Bhould be a sort of upper servant, or head butler. I would wait on my guests myself, and in that way have ample opportunity to watch results. Utterly regardless of expense, I furnished the house, dividing the many rooms into small suites. Thus my boarders could have, if they chose to pay for them, bedroom. drcsB- Ing-room, and private sitting-room complete. But the large Yellow Drawing Room, oc cupying the entire of the first floor, was to be the special and unique feature of the estab lishment. Here, evening nfter evening, I would havo my guests entertained. Here they should all ipefet and "get to know each other. . Here music, the best that London could afford, should ravish the ear and- de light the senses. Here the most accomplished reciters of the day should recite with passion, or tickle the senses with light fancy. Pri vate theatricals at least once a week should suit the tastes of those who cared either to take part In them or to behold the efforts of others — we would even, on occasions, stoop to the beBt conjuring trlckB. Once a fort- ' night we would have a ball. , Of one thing I was firmly resolved, there should not be a single evening of the London season that lhe Yellow Drawing Room should not contribute Its quota to the entertainments of London. Not only my own guests Bhould be present, but visitors from the outside world should crowd to my rooms. It should be an honour to be seen in my house. My house should become the fashion. I myself would glide In and out amongst the line folk who assembled In my Yellow Drawing Room, seeing them, as I doubtless should many times, with the mask off, and with their real oharacter on the surface. Thus I might se cure those secrets which were necessary for my vast experiment. I must describe the room itself. It was a very large room, being forty to llfty feet in length, and nearly thirty feet wide.- It was lit with three pointed French windows at one end, and a great square bay at the left side. The house being a corner one this last was possible. Hound the bay window which look ed full south, and made" the room a par ticularly pleasant, one In the short days of winter, there ran a wide balcony. This in Rummer was.covered with an awning, and my guests could practically, therefore, sit out of doors. The. walls of the room were covered .with a deep shade of yellow, the groundwork being of satin, and the grotesque figures raised .up on it of dull silk. ' The dado of the room was also yellow, but the frieze was . of creamy white with a very heavy wooden moulding. Round this ran a narrow gallery, on which old oriental plates of Immense value were placed. On the walls were - brackets of bronze and ebony, .to which hung pendulous lily-like lampB for the use of the electric light. The curtains t.o the many windows were long and made of-velvet In a deep shade of yellow. The furniture was a mixture of all sorts and all styles, good Chippendale, Louis Qulnze, Sheraton, &c.; ' Rare articles of brlc-a-brac were scattered here and there. The ' most comfortable chairs Imaginable, of every shape and size, were to be found in every liyuk. There wei-e cosy corners all over the room. Curtains and screens surrjnnded thc.se, and inntli sclltude possible. Having furnished the room according to my own taste and according to a scheme which I had worked up with immense csr» 1 finally brought In great palms an j filled many stands v4th rare exotics. I made the room heavy with the scent of illles and frqgrant with the perfume of roses. At one end was the. musi cians' gallery, slightly raised, and with an open-work screen of carved Ivory. . Behind this screen I could watch my guests without being myself seen. No one would suspect ihat I had just In thU m.w favourable position my vantage point for molting observations. Now the whole thing is over, and the re cord of my work lies before me. It Is not, written by me, but by one of my victims. He tells the story of his strange life In my house from an unbiassed standpoint. For a long time he believed In me, and as slowly but surely suspicion was awakened and anxiety aroused, and the curtain of doubt and misery clouded the man's soul, yet still he clung to trie. He and others suffered and loved and fell into evil ways and sank down, out of sight of good, far from the angels and close to the devils, through my Instrumentality. Yes, I am a miserable old man, and yet, God knows, I meant all I did for the ultimate good of the race, as did my master before me. CHAPTER I. I have a strange tale to tell. It concerns myself and Eugenia and many others. I will tell it as quickly and with as little sentiment as possible. Jellybrand, that most extraor dinary. man, Is willing that I Bhould do so, nay he Is even anxious that the world should have a record of what has taken place during the last six months. It Is a queer story, the queerest, perhaps, that ever befel a man in his old age, but I had better begin Btralght away. My name Is Philip Rochester. "When this story opens I had just completed my seventy- fifth year. When my birthday took place I considered my Intellect to be still quite in its prime, but my body was falling. My once erect frame was bent, I suffered off and on from severe rheumatism, which had crippled ; my limbs, and taken slightly from my height my hair wns white as snow, and my eyesight by no means as good as it used to be. With a mind as vigorous and active as ever, these Infirmities of age were extremely trying, and ns I knew that in the ordinary course of events they could hut increase until Death veiled the scene, my anticipations with regard to the future were the reverse of satis factory, I hated the idea that In ten years at the most,- perhaps sooner, I must lie down and give up the ghost. and as far as I could tell cease to be. I was not like Eugenia— I had not a beauti ful rosente hope with regard to the future state. For mo there were no white-robed angels nor streetB of gold, nor pearly gates. She believed In them, aud lived accordingly but. unfortunately. I had dabbled In some -sciences which had destroyed my early fnith and try as I would I felt there to be very lit tle chance of Its resurrection. Eugenia Is the greatest treasure of my life. She is my only grandchild; and, in fact, the one near relation I possess, Her father and mother are dead, and the early friends of my youth have also long ago departed into the' Land of Shades. . When this Btory opens Eugenia had passed her seventeenth birthday, and when 1 recall her face as It looked that day I see again her merry flashing brown eyes, the brilliant col our of health on her cheeks, the rich ehe3tnut of her hair, the sweet smiles and dimples which came and went round her tenderly beautiful mouth. At one time my family was rich, but at the period of this tale Eugenia and I were very poor. I had a small annuity of a hun dred a year, which was what was left to me as the end of a valuable Government appoint ment. and that, with tile rent of a house in the country which was far: too sequestered for mo to live In, made up our assured In come. But Eugenia was clever— she had a genius for painting, and used to get orders from Mlnton, Mortlock, and other large estab lishments for original designs, which she exe cuted with swiftness and dexterity. I also helped to eke out money by writing occa sional articles for the magazines. I was an archaeologist and something of an antiquary. I preferred the past to the pre sent. The present Interested me not at all. But tho past, with its rotnance and chivalry and glory, filled my old soul with delight. I was a:happy man when I sat with my books around me at my accustomed desk at the British Museum. On tho whole Eugenia and I were a child like and perfectly happy couple. Our tastes were of the simplest, and but for the shadow which old age cost upon me. I do not know that I had a want in the world. On my seventy-fifth birthday, however, all things changed. In the most marvellous and unaccountable way every clrcumstahce of my life and Eugenia's seemed to alter, and this remarkable state of things came about simply because we changed our lodgings, and took a suite of rooms In the house which contained the Yellow Drawing Room. , The house Is situated, In. Roscoe Square, which, as everybody knows. Is still one of the most fashionable and expensive parts of Bol- gravia. I happened to hear through a friend that one of the corner houses In this magnifi cent square was now used as a sort of private boarding-house, that the terms were wonder fully reasonable, and the comforts many, and that In particular the entertainments given evening after evening in the Yellow Drawing Room made the place a specially desirable re sidence for a young girl. The mun who told me all these things said that the owner of the house was eccentric, and only desired to cover expenses by his speculation, that he was a remarkable man, and had) a strange history. He choBe his pay ing guests on their own merits, and not be cause they wished to come, and because their purses were full. In short, my friend urged me to see the house, and to make terms with Jellybrand. Thinking of Eugenia I went ac cordingly. Jellybrand, to my astonishment, turned out a very respectable sort bf upper servant. I did not think that he quite suited th'at posi tion, for ne spoke as a irinri of education and said one or two curious things. When I was ushered Into his presence he startled me by a keen and Inquiring glance, . and then a pleased smile of satisfaction flitted over his features. "Sit down," he raid. "What do you want? What can I do for you?" I told him what I had heard from my friend, said that I was the grandfather of a particu larly beautiful young girl, that my resources were limited, but that If it were possible to receive accommodation In his house, and so secure for my granddaughter the many ad vantages which he seemed to offer, I should be pleased. "I have no - doubt It will be possible," he replied. "The fact is. Mr. " "Rochester Is my name," I said, bowing. "The fact Is, Mr. Rochester. It is tor people like you for whom this house Is intended, but will you .forgive me if I ask one Im pertinent question?" "I need not answer It unless I please," I replied, "therefore you are at liberty to ask it." "I doubt whether you will answer It, but all the same it is one of my conditions. I can not receive you Into my house without know ing your age." "I wns seventy-five this morning," I said In some astonishment. Again that pleased - look flitted over his fnce, and bis eyes flashed- with suppressed satlsfaetipn. "And you have one granddaughter, and she lives with you?" "Yes." "Her age, please?" ( "Seventeen on her lost birthday." "Is phe a strong girl, in good health, robust, all the rest?"/ "She Is extremely fragile in appearance," I replied, "although she has never had a day's illness In her life. She has Intense nervous vitality, but her frame Is slender; she Is a very beautiful girl." "Ay. ay," he said, springing to his feet, and rubbing his hands again with that look of suppressed and, queer pleasure in his eyes. "I expect you are just the couple I want. I am sure we can come to terms. Come up stairs, will you, and I will show you a suite of rooms which I think you will appreciate." There was a lift; the house was a very tall one. We went up and up until we reached tlie fifth storey. Here the rooms were just as lofty as they were lower down. My queer host walked on In front until he reached a little suite of apartments, the .-door leading Into which he threw open. These rgoms were painted in a sort of creamy white, and draped in turquoise blue. They contained two small and exquisitely furnished bedrooms, the linen was of the most snowy order, the carpets or the softest Turkey — there was a little dining- room, and a small and exquisitely-arranged drawing-room. I looked round with delight. "A Hat," I said, "all In readiness, but, my dear sir, I am sorry, you do not quite under stand—my grand-daughter and I are poor people." "Whatever you pay for your present rooms will suffice for these," was his answer. "Will you come and try them?" I gazed at him In astonishment. "But you are offering me charity, sir," I said, flushing as I spoke. "Not at all, not at all. I shall offer these rooms to another gentleman of your age who possesses another grand-daughter as young, as frail, and as full of that virile will-power that yours possesses, If you refuse. It, Is for you to accept now or decline." I looked into the man's queer eyes, and Baw them glittering. "We need not bind ourselves for any term," I said. "It Is necessary that you should take the rooms -for a month, not longer. But, my dear sir, you will not wish to leave, you will have all the comforts of the best West End hotel here, and perfect quiet. Your meals will be served In this little dining-room, you will have your drawing-room absolutely to your selves. This door possesses a sound lock, which you can turn when you wish to be quite alone with your grand-daughter. Is It a bar gain?" I said It was, arid held out my hand to grasp that of my new landlord. ' Pardon me," I said, "but you do not look the part you act." . "Ask me no questions about myself," was his strange answer. "It Is my pleasure to wait on my guests. When may I expect y i" told him that Eugenia and I would arrive on tho day when our week was up In our humble lodgings at Bloomsbury. He eald that all should be In readiness, and I left h'?1went back to Eugenia. I trotted home as fast as my old legs could carry me. We lived on tlie third floor of one of those gloomy old houses built sixty or seventy years ago in Bloomsbury. We had a sitting-room, a dingy room all made up of drabs, greys, and browns. In this we rite our meals and read our books and lived a Blmple life.. Behind the sitting-room was my bedroom, and over head was Eugenia's. .Eugenia's was pnly an attic, but she liked It-becauBC it looked over the chimney tops of some of the less tall houses near. She was perfectly happy In her little attle. Still no man in his senses could compare our dingy quarters with the delight ful rooms we were now to possess In the house with the Yellow Drawing Room. . "My dear girl," I said, as after panting up the stairs I entered the room and flung my self down on the horsehair sofa. . "My dear Genny. I have had a lucky find." Eugenia was seated near the window paint ing. It was a day In early, spring, a ray of sunshine had got into the dull-toom, and It lay lightly across her pretty hair and the soft curves of her beautiful face. She raised her brown eyes and looked at me. ' (to be continuku.) 