THE TERRIBLE TOWN, j Night falls over the terrible town — night ; but no rest ; London never rests. From Trafalgar-square to the outside verge of its 200 square miles, the ceaseless pulse of its life is still throbbing. Tragedy and comedy; wild, mirthless mirth, the groan of despair ; the hawk and the pigeon ; the .flushed brow of ambition, the shriek of the 'suicide : the repose of the giant, the uncanniness of the Weird Sisters, or of the Brockeii; Sprites; plodding dulness, .flashing genius, all mingle their elements and the hells broth they produce is — London!. Greater than Babylon, wickeder than Rome, unique among the nations, London's six millions ger minate, and sprout and die in their plain. Squaliclest of towns, most miserable of populations, wealthy without refinement, poor without picturesquesness, a doom is . upon you, oh mother city of the race. For this teeming ant-hill, or, l-at-her rotten old cheese, is cursed with the ten-fold malady of over-popu lation. A mob without control ; a sullen, drunken disreputable rabble for the most part, with no notion of. civic life; 110 pride of place, looking with wolfish eyes for a job — four millions of human beings out of six looking for a job ! Picture, brethren of our tongue at home and abroad, what it all means. The night has advanced, and the drink-sodden men; and women are being thrustoutof the dingy or garish dram shops. The public women walk the streets— Englishwomen, counted by the thousand, offering their bodies to the first-comer with A ¥V1 A/1A y"v£ Ttt /Ml ATf "KTAmtltV A will Ck ui rnuaioj xicaiij a 11x11- 1 lion of families are settling down, as the pigs do, in the one or two rooms they call their " homes." The foul drains from below exhale their odor upon the already tainted air in which the jerry- built house is tottering to its fall. Brutality, oaths, incest hold high revel inside with the devils of the night. And in these breeding grounds of prosti tution and constitutional disease the future Londoner, who dies out in three generations, is being reared. A town whose population from in fancy has known no morals, has had no standard of conduct, no sense of anything better than drink, animalism, and a job — such is Lon don. Stand forth, then, Archbishop of Canterbury, Right Reverend Father in God, and explain the failure of your church's mission— your church jangling about baubles . while the millions are sinking into barbarism. Stand forth you petty municipal men, who, while chaos exists, war about boundaries and expose your own futility.. Stand forth yon smug middle-classes, anxious only about your petty personal salvation here and hereafter, and explain why these animals, called into being by your own neglect, should not rise in their filth one day and. slay you. Pride of Empire, indeed ! De gradation of humanity rather. No capital in; the world1 can show a population so miserable as that of London. You, pasters and masters, hypocrites, you will give these wild beasts spiritual bread. You will "lead them to the skies." Out upon you, incompetents, worldy wise men.trading in ecclesiastical wars. Let the world come and judge for itself of this boasted pride of Eng land. A few leading streets look dull, ugly beyond thought, hut re spectable. A few "West-end squares are more or less clean. Villadom, in its jerry-built houses, for a year or two does not look disreputable. But what is that but a drop in the ocean of London life. What of the hundreds of miles of streets packed with the miserable poor ? What of this most dejected population, its shabby clothes, its limited imagina tion, its want of interest in any thing worth living for ? Oh, the Daily Chronicle , and Mr. Dicken son, who leads the alleged Progres sives in the London County Council, will nag at the new London Go vernment Bill, which proposes to lead a fresh stream of thought and activity into the dark places of London, prompted by the con temptible stirrings of party spleen ! London has no municipal life, and for this the old Liberals are responsible. They are the creators of the slums. To them is due the incest, and the dirt, and overwhelm ing horror of London. When they had the power they never raised an effective finger to check the growing Pandemonium, which has truly he- come one of the wonders of the world on account of its accumulated and ghastly bestiality. Come then, foreign brethren, and inspect this great plague-spot, thistown-kingdom of diseased deformity, the capital of workhouse streets, the metropolis of | the atmosphere of hell, and the river of Styx ? its streets blocked ; with the commerce which is the Englishman's God ; the New Jeru salem of the devil-take- the-hinder- most. But walk warily, 01 you may stumble over the unwanted babe, parcel-wrapped on the street ; or you may be startled by the cry of the river suicide, or the shout of " murder " from the incest-room, or a hundred other dreadful sights and sounds in the chamber of horrors men call London. Come: — or, rather, keep away from this bleached ghost, to whom the countryman and foreigner are necessary to supply nervous force to its drained and syphilitic veins. 