Crumbs. Clear. Bijou. Show. Pleasant. Trocaxiero. Both Houses. Theatre Royal. Wapstraw in town. Illustrated "Observer. More hvsteria in France. Tlie farmers and the Show.^ To-morrow night "Hamlet. Short sitting in both Houses. Perfect weather for tlie Show. Pea serpent very like a whale. Germans warning the Chinese. The march towards Federation. "The farmer, who feeds us all. Last night of "A Royal Pardon. Murray Bridge Races on Saturdav. "Ilamiet, I am thy father's ghost.' "Tommyrot" is not Parliamentary Lots of portraits in "The Observer. Filipinos surrendering to the Yanks. A lot of buttonholing this afternoon. Beetaloo a most unfortunate reservoir. Seven days' rainfall in Adelaide, 1.49. The ghost will walk to-morrow night. Stonewalling in the Sydney Parliament. Britannia olf to London this afternoon. Federation now is the people's question. Lots of country cousins knocking about. Nominations lor the Port Races close today. Moonta Mines illustrated in "The Observer." Smoke social at Glenelg Town Hall to night. Little hope of Rudyard Kipling's recovery. Strike among the lumpers feared at Frenjantle. e Federation Bill passed the House of Assembly. Roberts and Solomon hammer and tongs yesterday. Poynton said that Price was as honest as Solomon. Br.ains required in fanning as they never were before. No longer does hoe-tickled land laugh into harvest. Solomon told Price that he was talking "tommyrot." German war ships are now en route from Manila to China. Eldest daughter of Sir John Maddern married yesterday. jVI artm-cum-Davidson copper and wages controversy ended. Another distinct advance in the march towards federation. Ministers do not always form a happy family in conference. Potts's Band one of the latest additions to the musical world! Secret Anglo-German arrangement was adopted last autumn. Kingston hopes Parliament will shut up before the Show opens. "Tarquin" tips Hymettus to win the Newmarket Handicap. Twenty men from Adelaide started on the Baroesa Waterworks. All about the Wallaroo Mine, with pictures, in "The Observer." Intriguine seems to be a very important feature in French politics. Beltana reports a great stir among mining prospectors in its vicinity. V.R.C. Autumn Racing Carnival opens at Flemington on Saturday. Dampier as the Prince "of Denmark tomorrow night at the Bijou. The rains seem to supply water everywhere except to our reservoirs. New members have been appointed under the newly passed Health Act. All about breeding lambs for export in "The Register" this morning. North British and Hymettus favourites for the Newmarket Handicap. Fancy Grainger accepting a Bill not moulded according to his ideas! The University of Adelaide has been founded a quarter of a century. A procession of Hamlets, likewise Ophelias-. alfv> ghosts and gravediggers. "An Old Shareholder" rings the praises of the old Sliding Rode Copper Mine. Acceptances for the Australian Cup and St. Leger Stakes due this afternoon. Wesleyan ministers lectured by their President for their absence from prayers. The potentialities of the Queensland sugar industry are something immense. Forty-five candidates nominated for nineteen seats in the Queensland Parliament. Tlie illness of Rudyard Kipling evokes manifestotions of sympathy in all lands. Sun rose at 5.35 a.m.; sets ai 6.22 p.m.; moon set at 9.43 a.m.; rises at 8.31 p.m. South Australia only claims two representatives in the Newmarket Handicap. Is it true that some of the most popular parsons are very poor bands at visitation? Wesleyan ministers' gag attheConference about as amusing as "Jack and the Beanstalk." George Robinson killed by an explosion of dynamite on Monday at Kunalling, Westralia. Kent Town Wesleyan Church too expensive for the working man, according to its pastor. o 4 2 E o s n Rev. Joseph Berry did -not think that they had come to the -Conference to retail small scandal. Rudyard Kipling's hotel besieged by quacks, Christian scientists, and Indian medicine men. Relations strained between the committee of the Melbourne Exchange and the licensed jobbers. In liis own Circuit, declared Parson Berry, working men could not afford to pay the pew rents. Alfred Tetu, who has a wife and family in Adelaide, killed yesterday in the Lake View Consols Mine. Coolgardie Mineral Exhibition promises to be the finest yet seen in Australia and possibly in the world. Who would be the Pope's doctor? Rung up by all sorts of people, at all hours of the nisht, for £120 a year. Parson Berry put down the absence from Church of the working man to the financial arrangements. Debate on the Amending Enabling Bill anmiated enough at times, but rather in a. personal than any other sense. Gold export of Westralia for Februarv valued at £382,147—nearly double that of the corresponding month last year. Jenkins told Cummins that no Bnndaleer man would be prevented from smoking, unless it was in the powder magazine. Political opponents to federation have changed their -tune with all the adroitness of a chameleon changing its colour. It seems the fashion to urge the appointment of Royal Commissions to fill up the vacuum of a Parliamentary interregnum. Should the price of copper as quoted continue, quite an impetus will be imparted to the mining industry of South Australia. Thie his tori', romance, vicissitudes, and triumphs of Yorke's Peninsula in the illustrated supplement to "Tlie Observer." Perhaps the change in the weather has temporarily cooled the ardour of litigants. Respite for the weary Judges. Last year only one student entered upon the course for the B.A. degree, while the Conservatorium, in the very first year of its pxisfr.pnoe. had 300 pnnils. "Father" Lane says that the minister who went about from house to house talk- ing small talk, was not the man to settle the great problems of the day. Archie objects to employes in Government departments having the same privileges as members of Parliament, touring the country investigating trivial complaints. We have had Montgomery's Ham-let, Bandman's Hamlet, Fairelough's Hamlet, Warner's Hamlet, Milne's Hamlet, Bellew's Hamlet, Wilson Barrett's Hamlet, and now Dampier's Hamlet. The chemist in his laboratory, the machinist in his shop, and tlip specialist in the newspaper office are indispensable coojierators with the man who holds or directs the plough or supervises the stock farm. Mr. Cummins, he asked Yankee Jenks, Why Bundaleer men when at dinner Were prevented from smoking their pipes? Jenks answered, "As I am a sinner, No Government Boss, I am sore, Would be so confoundedly mean As to stop Bimdaleer men from smoking, Exr-ept in a powder mag'zine." The Public Actuary has instituted tlie first legal proceedings under the Friendly Societies Amendment Act of 1894, Mr. A. H. Beyer, Secretary of tlie M.U., having been summoned for neglect to produce certain deeds when called upon by Mr. Gouge to do so. 