? PARTE. CHAPTER Xnt^—(Oontinuea.) wtm mr ups Anther of "The Star «r De Vere^ '"ftM,^!* No Wife," *'Jjord Kory,' "A Woman'* .: Hand.'* "A : Wonderful Woman." " "Nortne," &c.;, ftc. He wears no whiskers or beard, d heavy dark moustache alone.shades his mouth,; but does not conceal its fine, determined contour, nor the shapely, well- rounded obstinate chin. A man whose reputation as not lightly to he trifled with; a man opt to be too quickly) or easily .accused; a inan who knows how to defend his own ijonor and good, name, orthemouth and Chin, those" dark, determined eyes belie him. ' • Dr Vanderhoff goes,, and the ser- Vanis are examined. .'Have any of them seen tramps or suspicious characters lurking about lately?—and then It comes out that the staWe-boy has.. Johnny, the stable boy, appears, looking frightened and irresolute. He Stammers a great deal and what he has to say is not easily got at. Got at, hpwever, it amounts to this— et seven on the morning of the death he saw a man coming ont of the summerhouse in the grounds, and hurrying away towards the gates. Did he know the man? No, Johnny does not know him, but— inore frightened than before—he breaks ° „, and looks askance at Colonel Ffrench. "'Twas him!" Johnny ,says, -with i burst. • • Their there was a thfiU, and a hard drawn breath, and a sensation through the crowd, if you like. And in the midst of it Colonel Ffrench rises, as calm as he is wont to be when he leads his men to the hottest of the fight, but perhaj>s a trifle more pale. ' " "The lad is quite right," he says. "I left the summer-house about seven on that morning." * - . • • "You are not obliged, Colonel Ffrench begins the Coroner, nervously but Colonel Ffrench goes quietly on; ' "I had been here aboiit ten the preced ing night Private business, concerning only myself and Miss Martinez, brought me. It was not necessary to disturb Mrs Fanshawie by my presence, so I did not see her. I remained conversing with Miss Martinez over half an hour. Then I left It was raining heavily^ and blowing a gale. I did not care about facing the twomile walk to St. Ann's in the teeth of the etorm, and knowing the place well, I went to the summer-house. I sat there for some hours, but the storm did not abate and finally I fell asleep. I left as soon asl I woke, about seven, and so missed the first train to New York, which I intended to, take." There is silence—extremely awkward silence. Dr. Hunter, the coroner. . has never felt so embarrassed ana nonplussed in his life. It has an ugly look, a devilish ugly look, he thinks, for the colonel What the deuce made him stay in the summer house? Confound- the summer bouse,; and confound Johnny's pryingeyes. He gives that youngster a savage glance thai makes him quake. There is not much more to be done. The whole thing is hasty ana informal, the jurv feel as uncomfortable as the coroner " and about noon a verdict in "accordance with the facts" is returned. Mrs Fanshawe has died of heart disease, induced by the shock of the robbery, committed by some person or persons unknown. The detectives down from New York look at one another and grin. Men ex- Change looks and shrug their shoulders coroner and jury look unspeakably rel fieved, and depart with stolid feces. Tbey have done their duty, now let the detectives imd out the robber if thev can The ttrong disperses aBd. Colonel Ffrmeh fouow^ ama^ng^ erect and upright S S for a suspected That evening brings Mr Dane Fanfihawe, pale, breathless, horror- stricken Vera looks at him in honest surprise as she seesthe grief, the real regret in his face, and softens to him ever so little After all perhaps, some men cannot belp l*ing half fool, halfknave-it seems »?orn with them-and he has reason S be «orry for he has killed the goose that Pie golden eggs. Vera cannot refrain from telling him so. terrain "AH that will not bring her back." she says, with a touch of scorn, "if you tad fceen here it need never have happeSf 15 ^ d0to& i K £ as th e bur- ^ Heaven! Vera, how could i telI ? " ft* 30 pale - 80 so tremufl d ^t think-how "could*"anyone 8 " evel think it would come to this'' I Z L t T ^ l l ™ * ™ ^ ' " Vera T 0^*' here eyes flashing. "From first e Fa^hawe, you ha'e aSed a ^ e , and. ^ ptwr httleJJot. she was fond of you' He laya his face on ffian^helf with a groan. He is actually cryfn^ thf 5 £ u t ^ ^ WOUld have ^ven him PelhansIt to brin g " bev ^ek." x-ernaps at the moment he means if szsxss&sur; %^ Bear, my dear!" • ^»ora, my She* has not wept much 6Ubtle chord is toucheTevery now^l then, and a min of tears follows S£' cries now silently and lone- jf little love! my d e ^ S v e r ^ h e ^ reats, over and over. Never on<2 one unkind orhareh word fallen from r>ora' S; «ps to her. Dora has lovedhe? eared for her, made sacrifices for itr •md in Dora's dying hour, in^er des ® •ate death straggle, she was not to save .or help. S lnere Richard Ffrench comes, and she lifts two. streaming eyes for one morheVt fn 1 m appeal to his face. aJFSS* 1^have-do not leave me!" ^ " He could but read lace near her in ? silen^ 3 ? h T} e » C * tb!a Ml of sympathy end that soothes her. It is good to haTve i S ?" comfort > ^ Protection, eomethtog to cling to her in her greS end-sudden shipwreck. The funeral is to be n4xt dav, and the concourse will be unprecedented. The whole country side means to turn out in eombre force. Friends come down from ^ " Sach funeraJ has ever taken Pla*e m St Ann's. Many persons pass to and out of the room of death. Vera te there constantly w*rn and wan tea llT^v* e ' ^ she sits at ber dreaiy and solitary post a small, commonlooking: man Gomes up to her, and f makes an awkward bow.' • "Ask pardon, -miss," he says, in an apologetic, guarded undertone. Tm Vera stares blanfely. "Dag-git miss," repeats the small man, to a whisper, "of the detective forceprivate. Employed by your sister— partly—lately deceased. Down here on «ny own hook in. this unpleasant business. Would you mind telling: me, miss, who that nice-looking, lady-like-roune gentleman is?" He points straight at Dane Fanshawe. "Him, miss, with the wipe—ask par- «on, the handkerchief—up to his facet He's h^r husband, ain't he, miss?" **Yes," she says, mfeehanically, "it is •Mr Fanshawe." ' Mr Daggit's light eyes Seem to bore two holes through Mr Farifehawe's anetomy on the spot. ^ •'Thanky, miss. Yea, I knowed it wai Pffot on good terms, was they, miss-^m ends the deceased .party? ' Speak, up, miss, St y*Ju please.' r ve tackled this S°b,M my own hook, and mean to see <61yHgftt" ' - "No, nirt on good' terms/V answer^ fffera, ^tjll hpaf-beHdldered as to Jhls Crift" _ " iote-thi-onih hand musp ingfy, c^er ^Wasin wasn't*|ie?" -In Philadelphia. "Only saw it in the, "Heraidi hy chance —rum start that,, for,a/man! The, Coroner's got the hair?" he , eays, s abruptly, that 'Vera sta^es.^t "iiip ^onq 1 more. •. •. ' - *. • •;'• :.-.' "Yes," she says, wonderingly. Tlie^lighi. eyes, ar§ on. MrvDane i^an sh^we's - - .Dundreary whiskers,; as ' i counting every separate hair.' . "Hnm-m!" he. ihuses . again." And' that tall gent, with the broad shoulder and his head up, is he heir?—him, a. suspect?" -j. "I don't know what you mean," Ver says, shrinking from him in su^den ter ror. "I don't know who you jare." "Ask pardon, miss, for troubling'you Won't, ask any . more • -questions. • - rjm Dag-git miss, as your sister employed to look up-th^.t .precious husband of her^ and. that" sinking hussy—ask. pardon And I have looked him up, and I mea to keep on looking him up, and see day .I|ght, jf. I'm shot for it!" . That, is the last of Mr Daggit. Vera sees him no more, and forgets.him in,, moment -For the. metallic case, enclose the rosewood coffin—she is taking hte last look at.the dead, face, her last kis of the dead lips, the last farewell of th, sister she loves. This side of eternity; thev will meet no more. ." Oh, my love! my love!" sh drifts out, wildly, struck with sud •den horror-. and panic. Some jone comes at that frightened, helpless •cry. and puts his arms about,her before them aU, aid holds her. : , "Vera, my own love," says a.voice she knows welL "Vera, my dear, my dear!" And she clings to him and hides her face on his shoulder, quivering all over, while the coffin is screwed down," and the dead woman taken , a way. in" these sublimated moments we * forget' .our' selves and the world outside of us, bu never for long. He lets.her go, consign ing.her to the care of Harriet, who look on,, tearful, but approving, and goe with the rest And Mrs Grundy does np say much—considering she has know I him so long, and been always atta£hec to him, and the occasion, and everything. And he is a splendid fellow, th ladies declare, in an irrelevant burst Or the whole, some of them would not min it themselves. : They lay Theodora Lightwood jFan shawe in the Charlton vault, jwher John and JEtobert Charlton- already" :lie. and leave her. She is dead and buried The interest centres in Colonel Ffrench now. Things look badly for him—very badly. Murmurs are rising, swelling growing louder. lie is the heir, th S only one to benefit by Tier death. H was there that night—no one know why, he spent it in the grounds, ny his own showing. He and Mrs Fanshawe were not good friends—it looks badly. If he was poor man he would not be let off scot ,free in .this way;. he would not be a large with- the cloud of robbery am sudden death upon him. The rumo grows louder and more threatening, an' reaches Charlton. It reaches Harriet jand, Harriet carries it to Vera. The en willj be that Colonel Ffrench, before a weselii win lie in prison. .Two "days have passed since the fun eral ; it is" the afternoon of the third- Colonel Ffrench sits in his room Wone at the St Ann's Hotel. No pub jic demonstration has yet been made but no one sees the gathering storm more clearly than he. He is strong. inspected, he cannot clear himself; be" , fore another day. a warrant may be ou for Ms arrest; he may be lodged in th town gaoL The first,shock Is over, and he has braced himself to fajce his fateto meet the blow. ; Whiat must "be,'must be^-he 'is a. faialist rpore or less—if it is written, it is wrirten. Of course, he •'will do "what he cani Tjut" the prospect looks gloomy. He must resign his commission, inform his friends, put. his affairs in order, leave Charlton Place in •the care of the lawyers and of Vera, and tight for what is dearer to him than life —his honor. Will Vera believe him guilty? That thought is the hardest to bear of alL It is a gusty, overcast evening, almost the last of the month.A fire burns in the grate, the last yellow glimmer cf the frosts, autumn sunshine steals in and'Iightpjkfs T^iti^&ble-..; He is busily writing letters, making most of th dying daylight* &^enVih<Sre is a tap a the door.- . " 7. "Come in, 1 '- he says, without up. lookin Some one comes in, and stands silent some of the hotel peoole, of course. "What is it?" he asks, without turn fng round. There is a rustle of woman's garments He turns quickly; a long, black, veiled figure stands before him—a ghost crape and bombazine. But, despite the heavy crape veil, he knows' her. "Vera!" he says, and rises ; amaze. in vast She throws back her veil and lays hold of the table, as if she needed support She is paler than he has ever seen her—pale to the lips—and her eyes shrink and fall before his. ' >.: "Sit down;" he saysT and places chair; "how ill you look! You are not fit to stand." She stands, however, and makes motion to speak. She is greatly, strongly agitated, that .^e can see. Once, twicer she essays before the word^.wiH epme. , "1 have 'heard-^that you are—suspected of—of what has been done. I have come to say that—that I am sorry. It is with the utmost difficulty she says this much. Some inward feeling moves her profoundly. But his whol face lights. "Thank Heaven!" he says; "it is like you. You do not believe it—you wil not believe it Say that!" "I do not—I will not—J never can. "Thank Heaven!" he says, deeply moved. "It is like you—it is like you. I do not care half so much now. I am innocent, Vera; need I say it? When I left you I went straight to the summer-house—I was nearer you there than elsewhere. - It was for the last time, and I stayed. Believe me guiltless, and it will matter little who believes me guilty. Men have suffered unjustly before—I can bear it as jvell as they." She makes a second effort, greater than the first. He wonders what it is she is going to say. "I want to tell you—I have come to tell you—that if"—a pause—"that if-the announcement of our marriage will help you, I will announce it i—I will stay with you—I Will be your wife." The last wordys a positive gasp. No words can tell the effort it costs her to say this. She turns from Jiiin ias she doe say:, it and \fralkst suddenly to one of the windows. It is not alone the offer itself, hard as it is to make—it is the construction he may put upon" ft As the sister of the rich Mrs Fanshawe only a week ago, she rejected with scorn and pride the offer of being his wife A,s ithe impoverished sister of the dead Mrs Fanshawe, she comes to him — the heir—and renews fhe offer herself. How hard she has found it to come—to say this—only Vera's- proud and sensitive heart can ever. know. Let him misunderstand if he will—it is all a misunderstanding, from first to last sfie will make it if she dies In the effort to say the words. But he does not misunderstand, he is unutterably touchedmoved to the very depths of his soul. "What shall I say?" he answers; brokenly. cannot .thank you; I have no words. It is like you—I say that .again—40-come t» me in the darkest' hour OlTmy lifev ahd offer me the sacrifice, of yours. .B.ut.JJ. cannot apeegt it The nkmte l give you must be a,'clean one, the hand ,1 offer free from" all sua ptcion tof crime. ,1t>would; indeed, be a dastard if I accepted your heroism to toeartthan ev^fc'Jjeforfe^- ^AndiforXl'thattyer^i lor^sisalcejl spy no. comes when X stand cle^.r ,andl.fC6e, £ will come to-you then, andV-—- \--- ". But she turns' .from the; window a£ has thy as she Iras turned to itend pUUs 4ier.veit. once morefiover'her. ftte.' - ' "Saey no moi%!'' sife ^xclalnis.«' "Sfet me. go.-. It is so 'warm here — I am faint" —— The words die away; but She ral)ie%'m a nfc^nent dhiTpiishes a^id^tSe. - baTid^hfe lioMs'xjut? "atn 1 befte'f^ft me go." \- • :r • . • .: i Something in her straihed, unnatutal' tone checks the words he" would speak. He goes down with her -to the door, where Johnny and the phaeton wait He helps her in, but she seems t shrink from his touch. - : "Good-bye,? she: says. 'Drive i fast, Johnny; it is nearly dark." "Not good-bye," fie answers, cheerily; "good, night I will see you early tomorrow. I have much to say." "Drive-fast, Johnny," is her sole reply. *" "" •-. . She shivers and draws her wrap closer about her.. How dark it grow^ how windy it is, how deathly chill! '"He stands in the doorway until she ia out of sight, then slowly and thoughtfully returns to his work with a new, glad hope stirring within him that all his gloomy prospects cannot darken ;And Vera" is. driven rapidly hoihe through the gysty gloaming,, and ascends to her room. How still the house how empty, how lonely! How empty is 'the whole world!. Every one seems to have died with Dot—life has come to ah endl ! It is like a tomb^- 'like.the .vault where they have laid her, these echoing, unoccupied rooms, is it a sin to wish she were dead, too? What in all the weary world is there left to jlive for? She is tired out, her head aches—or is it her heart? She feels numb and stricken, lost forsaken, 'and full of pain. "Oh, me! oh, me!" she says, pitifully, and lays her folded arms down on the table, and her face upon them, with a long, sobbing sigh. The wind cries like a banshee about the gables, the trees rattle, stripped bleak arms; the night falls cold and starless. And still Vera lies there long after the last light has faded, her head on her arms, as if she never cared to lift it again. CHAPTER XIV.—TRACKED. It was not quite ten the following morn ing when Colonel Ittqpnch presents himself fat Chariton. •" Harriet; is the "first person he., encounters, and Harriet struck by-the bright eagerness of his face, the happy gladness of his smile. He is more like the Captain Dick of six years ago than she has seen him yet but - fo some reason the change strikes her as out of place, and she frowns it down resent fuljy. "Where is Miss Vera?" he asks. "Just tell lier I am here, Harriet, will you, and particularly desire to see her." *. Harriet's.brow lowers a little.more, and she does not stir. . He looks at her in surprise. "Is she not up?" he asks. Harriet does not answer. "Surely," he says, and comes suddenly nearer—"surely she is not ill?" Still Miss Hart maintains a gloomy silence. In real alarm he 6peaks for the third time: "For Heaven's sake, Harriet, what is the matter? Why don't you speak? wish to see my—my wife. Where she?" .' Harriet's sealed lips .slowly and grimly unclose. She may answer now—her dis mal reticence' has effectually. banished all, .the buoyancy from lier visitor's look and manner. "Ay," 6he says, 'fwhere is ishe?—that is ; what I wojild like to know. Your wife! You-'ve come to it at last, have you? It's time,* too, after six years." "What do you mean?" "I mean that Miss Vera's gone—gone —went away this morning, at half-past six. Johnny drove her to the station, and where she's went, or what sh goin* to do, the Lord knows—I don't" He falls back a step—the surprise, the blow, literally holds him dumb. .."She's left a'most all her- things—her fine dresses, heaps and h^aps of 'em up stairs, and took no thin* but jhgp/mournin'. All fcei- jejrpls ai£a ^fia^iihe sent to the bank y^fe%day: f^fejgink's -ail she's fetched, and not the biggest, nuther. You needn't ask niie questions—I don't know nuthin'.She's gone up to York first- She's friends, there, i reckon—more'n she'e got here, from all I can see." Harriet shoots this Paithian shaft at the culprit, standfog pale, and startled, and silent before" her with" a baleful glance. It is not that she likes Captain Dick less, but that she likes Miss Vera more. • "She's goin' to look for work when she gets settled in her mind," she goes on_ "that's all I know, if you .was to stand starin' at me there till crack o' doom. She went to see you yes'day afternoon—if you'd cared to know, you'd otter asked her then. She'd no money, as you might a-knowed now her sister's gone, - poor thing; and you've got alL I never did think much o* men folks at no time," said Harriet/bitterly; ""and the more I see, the less I think." With which she goes. Nothing more is iq be got from her; no note, no message has been left' He hunts up Johnny, who corroborates "the housekeeper's story. He has driven Miss' Vera, to "the " station and seen her eiiter the train, her trunk checked and her ticket taken for" New York. Beyond that he has nothing to' tfell. ; The difference half an hour can inake In a life! Colonel Ffrench walked over the road to Charlton, every pulse beating high with hope and expectation, full of intense longing to see Vera again; he walks over the road" from Charlton full of consternation, regret, keen" disappointment and dread. Has this refusal to accept her offer, her generons sacrifice yes terday, given hei: offence? Has she again misunderstood him? Has she thought— good heaver^!-can. she-think he/does not want her-V"^ :V^ere""can'j^he have gone? What does shfe meiW;io di>? Wflritate her living? jThe tfibught is a blank terror to him. He has not the faintest idea as to who -her friends in New York may be, or where he must look for her. Look for her; of course, he must if he is not arrested before he can do it He strides over the ground full ,of passionate impatience and wrath with hiinselit "What a stupid blunderer he. is to have lei her go as he did last evening—to ihave • refused her noble offer in tEat aBrupt way— the offer that it cost her so much to'make! He hastakenit for granted' that "she would continue on at Charlton. The idea df her leaving, of her working, is an idea that has never once-occurred to him. Of course she must be found and at once. It will not be a difficult matter to trace lier in the -city. f He is close upon the hotel when a man— a stranger, a i^iort, «Jmmonplace-looking person—steps up to him and touches his iat' j. "Ask pardon. 'Colonel Ffrench, if I mn't mistaken?" t "That is my name." * ! "ThEteky. Could I have a few minutes* private conversation with • - you colonel? It's important, and I shan't 1 keep yon Ipng." "My good fellow, no—not at present I am in the deuce and all of 'a hurry. Corns this afternoon—say at' th^ee. ' I cannot stop now-"- - ' ' 'Ask pardon, but it's your own business, colonel—leastwise IPs both our bust^ at present It's.about this here little j6b over at Charlton.' 'Colonel Ffre&eh;"stops and stares- at hto.' " . " - "Who are you^" he demands. > 1 "Detective Daggit, of New York. Down' here on my own hook,-and a-purpose to get at the bottom of this here affair. I've fikej yqtiiiM^ in fr^nt of^naf.. V^o^ tli^hl^efcectiSe Da^git^What'^S "ThanlEy; colonel, ?> gays polite'Mr Daggit. wiping his already very dry mouth with his hand. ^Tirst of all, there's a reward out—offered -by you—for the apprehen^bn^bf-flie CHarlton '^Wifl-glar. A handsome. sunS-five thousatt'd fAolM-s." ^ -CoIonel Ffrench nods. "Very well. I. mean to earn that money, ana Indent 'think -ifB' ®oin'- tb r^>e sech'a touglfijdt^ HHthrav' * rvfefbSeri- eriiplosifed by the late lamented party this some time batac to'k^p 'an 6yei oh her husband—a very nice gentleman, indeed, but a little wild or so -about ladies -and such; and when it came out about this Mtere robbery, I tackled the job at once. Now, colonel, there's them as suspect you—ask pardon—but it's like'folks to do it. Tou being next hew and" that, and if you attempt to leave this here little town, you'll be arrested—ask pardon—it ain't a pleasant, thing to say, but you wilt" " know it," ; Colonel F&ench; says,'^ritentiously k • • "Then-what you'd better 1 do, colonel, fe to lay by heife' a hit tmd. waiCianof fii&S; the matter over to. iiiK I' ve ferre£e& ! odt gentlemen of this kidney'before/and I'll do It again, of my name's nW Daggit. jfll lay you a fifty that I have this fellSw safely under my thumb before anothar fortnight" Colonel Ffrench looks at him keenly. , "You suspect" he begins. "Never mind who I suspect just now. Til make my suspicions sure before I name names. Just answer me a. few questions first, and then I'll take myself off." He pulls out a ,note-book and pencil and proceeds to propound sundry que=tions. .Tb^y have 4 . little bearing on the case-in 3hand,-so.far as Colonel Ffrench can see, but he answers them. Mr X>aggit is rising to go when, a visitor is announced. He enters, ah&Vproves; to be Daddy. Instantly Mr JDaggit's bright eyes l bore-two_holes through him been to Shaddeck Light, Cap'n Dick, * says he. softly, shifting from one foot to the other in his usual way. 1 was . herie' last • evenin' to see you, but you was out Somebody's been a-stopping - at Shaddeck, and forgot suthin', and I . fetched it right 'long to you." after much i- t ?V >roauces ' fumbling, a Iitle flat package, wrapped in a piece of newspaper. Detective Daggit waits and watches with keen professional interest :: "Why do you bring it to me?" asks Colonel Ffrench. - ; Dady does not know why. He shifts from foot to foot and gapes vacantly at the ceiling. He found 'em and he brought 'em—he don't know why. They might belong to Cap'n Dick, mebbe—nobody else goes thar. He found 'an yes'- day; the pieces o* paper blowed inter th» rocks, the picter on the floor of Cap'n Dick's room. Thought they might be his'H, and so He stops. Colonel Ffrench has uttered a sharp exclamation of surprise. "Miss Charlton!" he exclaims. He has opened the. flat package,, and finds a card photograph and two or three scraps of a letter. It is. the photograph of a lady; it is the^fece of Eleanor Charlton. Detective Daggit pounces upon it and looks at it over his shoulder. "An uncommon good-looking young woman," he says. "Ask pardon, but you know her, Colonel." "Know her? Yes," Colonel Ffrench answers dreamily. Eleanor Charlton's picture and true! »He looks at it again; she has changed; the hair is dressed differently, she looks older, graver, more care- worn, he fancies, than as he remembers her. He looks at the bagk; there is the photographer's name, and the place—New Orleans—and a date in pencil. "Why, it was only taken- two months agp," he says in suiJJrlsfe.~~~ ~ :v>"' ^ \- He looks at the torn scraps of writingf they have been wet and :>.re blotter. 1 They are fragments of a letter, but contain little that is legible. There is. »a name, however, on one; "Tours everyours always—Ernest" . . "Jest step back, young man," says Detective Daggit briskly, to Daddy; "you're a treasure, my lad, that's wh^t you are. Now, Colonel Ffrench—ask pa' don for bothering you in this way, but I must ask a few more questions. Tell me all you know about this here pretty young^ lady. It's the clue I've wanted, as stifre as I'm Daggit." (To be continued.) 