REVERBERATIONS. [By Hugh Kalyptus.] Jn the Diplomatic and Consular report for 1898, relating to France and presented to both House of Parliament in May, 1890, the Consul of Dunkirk pays the following graceful tribute to British seamen, and I hojie Jack will appreciate it and "behave as sich." He says:—"From the evidence I : hare gathered in various Trays during over twenty years' service there is no doubt in •ray . mind as to thesuperior ability "if the British seaman." Maiiy captains.who have told me they prefer foreign seamen have pone on to say" that in time of .difficulty and danger * there .- is no man equal to the Britisher. But .foreigners are in-preference shipped at home by many captains because .they believe them , to be less 'independent, more amenable, to discipline, &e.; 1 have, however, not this high opinion-of the foreign seaman, for. considering that now about 33 per cent, of "the seamen mming to this port in British vessels are foreigners, it does - hot / speak weU' for their superiority to. "have to. .note thai fuHy one-tKird of'.the. casesrequiring Consular interference were those in" .which foreign seamen /were concerned.. He improvement in the conduct of British seamen at this - port has been most marked. In my early days at Dunkirk complaints were constant both from captains and - crews, but. during the last few years, there has been a noticeable falling off in these com- ' plaints,;6nd undoubtedly there has.J>een a "considerable -decrease in drunkenness. Some peaple/say this's tha result, of the foreign seamaid But my-opinion is that-it!'is..the •result of the work!.of jhe.varioiis'.agencies, sudj! as missions to", seamen;. SJjga^red in Ro many ports^ ria| and spiritual welfare of the' seamen, •end,.to the greater protection 'they* now mfeet with in foreign'ports against\crimps and; suchlike, persons, all of ..which assist in raising them morally." It seems a rather iaree order preaching the . Gospel to the people in India, fcir according to the "O.B.L -Magazine," an inte- -resting "paper, "preach to these-people.~600 at a ti&e; every day (or 25 every hour; or 2 every five liinutes) it would take" mora than >t£if- to preach to every?sine irr India." That is • as long . -as. ;frotn sAdam to .Chiist, ajid twice the time from- Christ ntit.il the present day; so if you had commenced in th- time of Christ you woiM s'-ll have more than half to preach." There are., it seems, 140.000.000 women in India, and of th.T=e 40.000.1)00 are shut up in zenana?. Fancy the babel if they all met together to afternoon tea. 'Tault for Sale.—Large. -Monumental Vault ; for Sale in Mount Jerome Cemetery, with iron door;' price £200. All particulars from H.- K. Emerson,- Solicitor.-71, -Damestreet." ".T. T." writes:—"The above clippi Cg is from the the 'Irish Times' 'Itstrue I lit on it late at night after my usual glass 'of. grog,\so I began to ponder, and ponder, until at "last I.fell head over into a profound sleep.' dreamt. And this, is the dream—'I am awfully hard up. My Irish estate, between boycotting and emergency men,' has gone to the dogs, not a penny r of• "rint" coming in, Mot- a Jziiiimg= candle to light up tlie.-wake.of -—. .Grandfather's tihost—"Heavens'. old man; how came you here?" "To tell you there's money, in the vault. Jack." "How much?"' "Oh, bother, you' were ' always , a stupid . fellow. I'm off." Great Grandfather's Ghost—'"Now, Jack, you goad for' nothing rascal, you have made ducks and drakes of a fine estate. "You havegambled. You !ha——; time's up, I'm off." v Grfat Grandmother's .Ghost—"Ah! Jack, , you sorry dog, you-re down, are you? Well,' I have' come togive" you m -lift. There's a lot of sold dust in that Xault, and it has fallen nptjn'yotij worthless, graceless wretch 'that' you" aire; to fcell'your fattier's," mothers' ! -kith'imd kinbaekto two hundred years for -—." "How much?" "Two hundred pounds!" One strikes some curious things in pipes sometimes. The other day I "got hold of a French clay, the bowl representing the Mahdi,' or an Arab Mahdi like him; but the inscriptions upon it struck me as being curious. - Over the forehead was the legend "Suisse, le Vrar," ' under-the ' chin .-jras "Jacob!' and "Gambier," evidently not.the Southeast: garden of the colony, because on the other side, was "Paris" and another "Jacob.*" Considering that the head was Oriental, it ought to nave been "Yacoob." Some years ago I bought a wooden "Dhudttn," stamped "Irish pipe made in France/' which is another injustice to Ireland, likewise Germany. The present Mayor of Adelaide once showed me a pipe which •was perfectly unique, showing that "necessity is the- mother of invention," and the aunt of adversity. The bowl was made, if I remember rightly, of the neck of-a stone ginger beer bottle; with" the leg bone of a sheep for a stem, fastened on by that hard black gum used by the blacks in the far intaior for fixing the stone heads of their spears on to the hafts. The ingenious bush worshipper of my Lady Nicotine had broken or lost his cherished pipe," and •yearning for the soothing weed, had evidently exercised his wits in the manufacture of the primitive contrivance referred to. I have known bushmen when out of tobacco use. dry titree leaves, which must have been as unsatisfactory a smoke as the section of cane that small boys apeing men light and smoke. There is an old identity at the seaside who has a fad for cigar ends. It is said that he has a sharpened nail at the end of his walking stick, and. pottering aboilt the street transfixes discarded cigar slumps with the precision born of long practice, pops them in his pocket, and pounds them up at night for his evening smoke. This economic practice of his being noticed; the boys were wont to play a trick "upon him by leaving in his path a tempting cigar stump with a piece of cotton attached, so that when he tried to harpoon it they slipped it away.. In the old days, when the meerschaum was a thine of beauty and a joy for ever, or at least until the cherry-wood and briar broke the chann, the ability of the artistic carver was exercised to a high degree of excellence, and some exquisite work was done in. that direction.- Smokers of all degrees devoted hours of their leisure to colouring the meerschaum, and officers in the army were wont to give a new pipe to Tommv Atkins to colour. He, nothing loth, assiduously smoked the strong, black, stick tobacco m it until the pearly whiteness took a rich mellow" golden brown, and a pipe properly -coloured was prized highly. Bushmen in the olden days, far away on the distant runs, where the .squatter has been exterminated as though he were an alien with a poll tar upon him, used to commission a mate to buy a meerschaum at any price, and this,' carefully protected by"a •niece of chamois leather, neatlv sewn round the bowl, was smoked and tended with religious devotion, -and at the end of the year solemnly' divested of its ' covering "and handed round to a circle of admirina friends over the camp fire, discussing the accuracy and tone of the colouring. You seldom-see a meerschaum now. I obtained one from a leading tobacconist in the city •which had been in stock for twenty-five years, there being little or no sale for the article now. Meerschaum. I believe, means "foam of the sea," but some are decidedly m.ere schams. A good one is a granc 