Sporting. OBIOKET. ' N BP BAN TIMB8 ' OKNTtJBY I1I8T. F Ellis, 114 not oat; match, Ootober 1, 1898, Bpringwood v St. Marys. The following ia the position of clubs in connec tion with the Lees Shield and Smith Premier Competition Clubs. No. Games. Won, Lost. Dr'n. Pta. Penrith 10 ... 8 ... 1 ... 1 .. 7 Emu ......... 30 ... 7 ... 3 ... 0 ... 4 St. Marys 10 ...-6 .. 3 ... 1 ... 3 Railway 10 5 ... 5 ... 0 .. 0 Springwood ... 10 ., 6 .. 6 .. 0 ... 0 Oaatiereagh ..10 ... 6 ... 5 T^>.0« ... 0 Mount Druitt 10 ... ,3'... 7 ... 0' ... -4 Mulgoa, 10 ... 0 ... 10 ... 0 ... —10 The following matcher-will be played (his and the following Saturday* Mount Druitt r Emu, at Emu. " - Springwood v Rtilway, at Springwood. ] Castlereagh v 8t, Marys, at Castlereagh, ; Penrith t Mulgoa, at Mulgoa, ; The secretaries of the various clubs affiliated with the As8Qciati"n are requested to continue forward ing results and scores of matches to the Hon. Sec. of the Association. They should also send them in, •ay, on Tuesday to this office to ensure insertion. The followiag will represent Penrith in a match against Mulgoa at Mulgoa to- day :—F Tunics, G Bdw-.rds, H anrt J Piice, B Hamilton, D Connors, F Mathews, A Breyley, J Heir, W Orth. L Hurst, J Grant (12). The coach will leave Penrith Post Office at 1.30 sharp, Playiog against Waverley on Saturday, V Trumpcr made 260 not out for Paddington. - : Mount Druitt forfeited to Springwood. the scores for the first day being : Springwood, 160 ; Mount Druitt, four for 36 A cricket correspondent writes : On Saturday, the 4th instant, the St Maryi and Mulgoa match was commenced. The former went to the wicket, and at call- time the game bad reached a very evenly contested stage, St Marys 84 and Mulgoa 87, all out. Shaw played a go'id innings for 22 ; Thompson 11, H Small 12, and G Giddy 12, being the only others able to reach double figures. W Wrench secured 5 wickets, Leggo 4 wickets. They bowled ably and divided the honors, Rooney bagging tbo odd one. Mulgoa started with Cranny 7, Gulliver 6, Hudson pl«yed in good form for his 10. but while running got a naBty blow on the muscles of the neck, Stunger got 6 and Wrench ran himself out in tryingan impossible fourth run. The feature of the innings was the hard all-iound hitting of Leggo. He certainly gave two chances far in the country, but hi» 51 not out was a good performance. Oh where and oh where would poor Mulgoa hsve been but for hia contribution, any way the club may safely thank him for putting them for the first time this season where they have hithorto been unable to get •' in front." For the visitors, Barlow, Tolhurst, and Moore, were bowliDg well on the spot, the first with a great variety of length proved a bugbear to the batsmen, 'tis a pity ho appeals sj often without a ghost of a show. Mulgoa bein<? well to the fore in the "egg producing business," and not liking to bo outdone, manfully went two more than their opponents in that line. The match was concluded on Saturday, Mulgoa, in their second innings, went down before the St MaryB team, the acore only reaching 31 (E Scott 19). St Marys then went in and put up 84, thua winning by 49 runs. The cricket match Emu C.C. v. Castlereagh O.C. was concluded on Saturday last, tbo result being in favor of Castlereagh by 24 runs on the first innings. The Emu's with seven wickets for 62 runs against Castlereagh's first inniDgs (109) resumed batting, J Rayner and S Walker being the not out men. Rayner added 8 runs to his previous score whsn he was bowled by A Hadley. Fitch followed, and after mating 4 was caught by A Howell. Hunter followed, and next ball 8 Walker wai run out all out 85. The bowline of Castlereagh was good, Sampson 4 for 19 and A Hadley 4 for 86 being' the most successful, though 8mith maintained a good length and bowled well. Castlereagh commenced their second innings with A Howell and W Childs. Howell after hitting the first ball for 4 was cloan bowled by Hunter. Smith followed, and by vigorous though lucky batting scorei 35 before being run out. E Sampson wa9 (he • nly other man to get into double figures, scoring 10, when he was out lbw to N Hunter, the innings closing for 67\. The bowling honors were carried off bv T Dukes with 3 for 10 and N Hunter 4 for 29. Wirh 92 runs to win Emu a arted their Rpcond innings. Paul was run out for 2 and W Chappie bowled by Hadley 1. H Luc.»s and N Hunter then got together and, playing carefully, hrought the score to 60, when Hunter, trying to force the game, was biwled by Hadlev for 20—Rayner not out for 5. Lucas shortly followed, beine run ont for 41. Player rnn out 6 and Hunter oaneht out (/.*, Tim<> was then called—8 wickota for 82, Emu wanting 10 runs to win. The bowling of Castlereogh was good, Smith, though again unsuccessful, bowling very well, keeping the runs down. Too much praise cannot be given to the Oi«tlereagh fcpam for thetr magnificent fielding, which won the match for t.hrm. Sampson, fiolding at mid off. especially distinguishing himself. The following are the scores :— Emu, 1st innings—H Lucas, b Sampson, 21 ; J Paul, b A Wright, 10; W Chappie, tud out, 7 ; F Dukes, b Hadley, 1 ; N Hunter c E Gates, b Sampson. 8 ; H Hunter, b Sampson, 0 ; J Rayner. b Hadlev, 18 ; E Walker, run out, 9 : J Hunter, not out, 9 ; T Fitcb, c Howell, b Hadlev, 4 j G Plaver, r. Howell, b Samp«on, 0; sundries, 7 ; total. 85 Bowling analysis—Hadley. 4 for 36 ; Sampson, 4 for 19 ; Wright l for 4 and 1 no-ball; Smith, 0 for 21. Castlereagh, 1st innings—A Howell, o Dukes, b Hunter, 10 ; W Childs, o Rayner, b Dukes, 16'; G Smith, o DukeB, b Hnnter. 22 ; H Sampson, 1 b w. b Rayner 18 ; O Hadley, b Dukes, 8; A Smith, run out, 14 ; A Hadley, not out 19; B Gates, b Player, 0 ; A Gates, b Player, 0 ; W Kelly, o H Hunter, b Player, 0; A Wright, b Hunter, 0: sundries, 2: total, 109. Bowling analysis—N Hunter, 3 for 48 j Player, 3 33 ; Dukes. 2 for 13 ; Rayner, 1 for 7: Chappie Ofor 3 ; Fitob, 0 for 0. Emu, 2nd Innings—Lucas, run out, 41 ; Paul, run out, 2 ; Chappie, b Hadley, 1 ; Dukes, not out, 4 ; N Hunter, b Hadley, 20; H Hunter, c A Gates, b Hadley, 3 ; J Rayner, run out, 5 ; E Walker, not out, 0 ; J Hooter, e Childs, b Sampson, 0 ; Player, I run out, 3 ; sundries, 3 ; 8 wickets fcr 82. ' Bowling analysis — K Hadley, 3 for 62 ; Smith, 0 for 27 ; 8ampson 1 for 2. C^Btlereagh 2nd— Howell, b Hunter,4; Childs, b Hunter, 3 ; Smith, run out, 35 j S-tmpsoD, 1 b w, b Hunter, 10 j O Hadley, run out. 0 ; Smith, b Dukes, 5 ; A Hadley, c Rayner, b Hunter. 0 ; E Gate?, b Duk^s, 1; A Gates, run out, 2 ; W Kelly, not out. 1 ; Kelly. 1 b w, b Dukes, 1 ; sundries, 5 ; total, 67. Bowling analyst—N Hunter, 4 for 29 ; Rayner, ' 0 for 7 ; Player, 0 for 16 ; Dukes, 3 for 10, The return ma^ch between Wallgrova Tannery and Mount Druitt 2nd eleven was played at Mount Bruitt on Saturday last, and resulted in a draw. Scores:— Mount Druitt, 1st innings—W Wannell, not out, 65 ; L Evans, c Woodlands, b R Herford, 25 ; F Smith, b R Horford, 0; D Methven, b Woodlands, 10 j Learmontb, lbw, b W Glendenning, 28 ; R Methven, run out, 2 ; J Smith, b Glendenning, 1 j O Wannell, b WoodlaDds, 0 ; C Payne, not out, 3 j sundries, 2 ; innings closed, 7 wickets for 136, Bowling analysis Woodlands, 2 for 59 j R Her ford, 2 for 35 ; Glendenning, 2 for 12. Wallgrova Tunnery 1-t inninus—R H rford, h W Wannell 7; P Woodlands, c and b Methven 3: Htrry - Herf <rd, b W Wannell, 9 ; W Herford, not out, 2 ; Glendenning, not ou , 6 ; sundries, 7 ; 3 wickets for 34. Bowling analvsis—W. Wiutnell. 2 for 12: D Methven, 1 for 15. Penrith ▼ Railway. Thesuoluba met on Penritli Shnweround on 8 tturd >v week in the Lees Shield and Smith Premier hi., o rane'ition. When the clubs met in the first mund Railway won by almoot an inning'', and inflicted the only defeat on Penrith yet sustained, It.iilway batted fir<t, and the first wicket fell with the saore.at 34. After that a rot set in, and tho whole aide was c|ispoicd of for B6. Kelso and Howell'(20 nnl I], r<japec> lively) both batted well, being the oqly double* figure scorers, §ix • duck eggs' were registered. For Penrith, H B and J J Prica were in tip-top form with the ball, disposing of the whole side between thera. Junius wag quite unplayable and secured the remarkable nverngn of five wickets for ' four runs, 'Jerry' securing the. other halt for 24 runs. Penrith, on taking tho wickets, ran up 108 for six wickets before stumps were drawn, two of the number, unfortunately for Penrith, being run oat. Tunks (34) nnd Breyley (17). both not out, batted splendidly, the ot her scorers being Hamblin, J Price, and Mathews (20. 14, and 11 respectively). Bobinson, Badcock, Lathlaen, nnd T Player each secured one wicket. The match was continued on Saturday last. Turks and Breyley, the two sot ' out men, went to the wickets. Breyley was the first to go after adding three to his present score, , and shortly afterwards Tanks, in trying to pull ' one from Kelso, was clean bowled. With tho advent of Upton things were pretty lively. He < made three Bplendid boundary hits, and with Edwards, vcho was playing defensive cricket, Added 62 for the ninth wicket, when, in attempting a fiver, he (Upton) was caught on the boundary by ; Bobinson. Connors followed, and after adding four was given out lbw to Badcock All were dis posed of for 184, Edwards being not out 31. With j 130 to get to save a one- innings defeat, Bailwav I started on their seond venture, but only got 91, Penrith thus winning by an innings and 38 runs. Scoresi— Penrith, 1st innings—J Price, b Bobinson. 14; J Woodland, run out, 3 ; S Hamblin, o Bobinson, b B-tdcock, 20; Hamilton, how, b Lathlaen, 3 ; Mathews, c Bobinson, b T Player, 11 ; Tunks, b Kelso, 40 ; H Price, run out, 1; A Breyley, c Payne, b Kelso, 20 ; G Edwards, not. out, 31; B Upton, c Bobinson, b Badc-ck, 32 ; D Connors, 1 b w, b Badcock, 4; sundries, 5. Total, 184. Bailway, 1st innings—E Kelso, b J Price, 20 ; J Lathlaen, 1 bw, b H- Price, 6; T.Player, b H Price, 0 ; C Howell, c Mathews, b J Price, 11; B Heavey, b H Price, 0 ; A Payne, c Hamilton, b H Price, 4 ; H Bobinson, b J Price, 0 ; W Ba-)cock, b J Price, 0 ; W Payne, b H Price, 0 ; G Randall, c and b J Price, 0 ; P Smith, not out, 2 ; sundries, 12\. Total, 65. Bowling analysis—H Price, 5 for 24 j D Connorp, 0 for 14 ; J Price, 6 for 4. Bailway, 2nd innings—Kelso, b Connors, 31 ; Smith, c Hamblin, b J Price, 5 ; Badcock, b J Price, 9 ; Lathlaen, b H Price, 2; A Payne, how, b J Price, 0 ; Heavey, not out, 9 ; C Howell, c Mathews, b Hamilton, 24 ; Robinson, o Edwards, b Connors, 1 j W Payne, o Hamblin, b J Price, 4 ; Randall, h o w, b Hamilton, 0 ; T Player, absent, 0 ; sun dries, 6. Total, 91. •' Bowling analysis—H Price, 1 for 27 ; J Price, 4 for 24 ; Connor*. 2 for 24; Mathews, 0 for 0 ; Hamilton, 2 for 7 ; Edwards, 0 for 4. Penrith Cricketer writes as fallows :—D ar Sir,— While sympathising with the Springwoodite who had his saddle cut at the Penrith-Springwood match, I for one strongly object to tho assertion nude by your Springwood Correspondent, to the effect that it was probably done by a Penrith Barracker, who tbonght bis team would suffer defeat. Any barrackers we may hare wuuld'nt think of doing anything of tho kind. I would like (without insinuation) first to point out the fact that there were really more visitors on the ground than Penritliitcs, so I can't see how the Penrith Barracker can be singled out without positive proof. OYOUNG. Whilst New South Wales oyolista will lose an ardent -wheelman in Viscount Hampden, who has resigned his position as the Queen's representative in New South Wales, they are fortunate in obtaining' another cycling patron in the Earl of Beauohamp who has been appointed to the Governorship. Tho " Daily Telegraph " (England) tells us that " On dismissing servants in Prussia, it is necessary for employers to fill in a form in the servant's book stating the reason. Not very long ago a housemaid lost hor situation ' because sho eyoles;' and not considering that hor chances of future engagements would bo enhanced thoreby tho girl applied to tho police. Tho authorities of publio order deemed that it was unnecessary to insert the above aa a ground for dismissal, and orderod the sentence in question should be struck out." • New Pouth Wales is supposed under the Australian | Reciprocity Agreement to send a representative to I to the Championship meeting in Adelaide; but as1 their Champion, J. Megaon cannot got away owing to business reasons, it is extremely unlikely that tho Oldest Colony will be represented, as the S. A. League will hardly go to tho cxpenso (about £25) of bringing over a seoona- rator to ride Tho Sydney League is in the position of having only one thoroughly representative rider, and unfortunately ho at present cannot get away. Megson's absence from the One Mile Australasian Championship is to be regretted, as his moeting with Walne was sure to havo been productive of a grand struggle for supremaoy. ■ Fanoy a decendant of the Queen of. Sheba on a bioyole : certainly sounds a little incongruous, yet it is nevertheless a fact that the Emperor Monelik of Abyssinia who claims the distinguished woman as one of his forbears, has ordered a bioyole with all the latest improvements from a well-known Coventry firm. In what costume King Meneiik nnd his retinue proposes to ride about Adowa and the neighbourhood is unfortunately not made known, out it is to hoped the ubiquitous kodak will ore long satisfy our curiosity on this point. It will be exceedingly interesting to sec what munner of_ dress suggests itself to tho Abyssinian mind as being suitable to wheeling exercise. I Then tho trouble began. First of all. C. Green wood who undertook tho vide for tho Dunlop Co. was' welcomed with malarial fever and had to return. Then Mather replaced Greenwood, only to break down when in the contro of Australia through tho smashing of his chain whoel, thus necessitating a 300 miles rido on pack horsoj, Coleman accompanying him on his Dunlop machine. ] Then the most sensational incident of all, Coleman's outting of tho English cable to bring assistance when dangerously stranded through dysentry; next a claim against Coleman by the S,A. Govern ment for £149 for damages and expenses incidental to the cable cutting, tho action being subsequently withdrawn; and now the grand final, a libel action and the defendants mulcted in £100 damages, and costs. Truly a remarkablo series of misfortunes ' Perhaps the strangest marriage ceremony ever recorded is the recent marriago of C. W. Miller, tho dual winner of two American six days contest, held in New York, U.S.A. MUler was married publioly on the Madison Square track in tho^ presence of 5,000 spectators. At tho time he had oovered somo 1,975 miles and had a lead of close on twenty miles with^only an hour or so to ride, so that his victory was assurred All contestants ceased riding in honor of tho tho occasion whilst tho ceremony was boiug performed,, Miller boing married in his full racing costumo just as he stopped off his machine for a spell. Immediately after the groom kissed his brido he remounted his maohiue and rode tlirough tho remaining hour, finishing up a_ winner by 22 miles, he having oovered 2,007 miles in tho six days' go-as-you-please, or an averago of 14 miles an hour for the 144 hours, a marvellous feat of endurance. It is roughly estimated that his winnings over this evont will total close upon £760, so that tho plucky Chicago rider will havo a nice little cheque to go honeymooning on. Tho famous Coleman and Mathew trans continental rido from Port Darwin to Adelaide, accomplished after innumerable difficulties as far baok as Ootober '97, had its sequel last week in the Victorian Supromo Court, when tho libel aotion,' "Tho Australian Cyolist" vorsus O. Boese, late proprietor of "The Cyoling News," and T. Coloman, oame on for hearing. Tho matter com plained of consisted of two reports contained In "The Cyoling News," bv which, ..as tho plaintiff contended, it was insinuated that he was n dospioable hypocrite, and had behaved dishonestly to Coleman, in finanoing a ride by, tho latter across tho Australian continent. Tlie plaintiff also olaimod that his oharacter had suffered by the imputation that ho deserved to bo publioly thrasho^ una that his journal was a disgraco to journalism. Tho defendants denied that the words. uomplaincd of were published, and said tfyut they did not boar tho meaning sought to he attached to thom, A plea of justification and fair comment-had boon, raided, but was struok out, by order of tho court, Qv^ng to tho' defendants! omission to supply particulars. Coleman countorolaimod £200, for ■\vojrk done oji the plaintiffs behalf, in connection with the trip over tho continent. The Chief JustiQO said uvat t)o was of opinion that hoth, publications wore libellous and were calculated to do the plaintiff a deal of barm. 1 hero would be a judgment for plaintiff against defendants for £100, with costs, to bo taxed. No evidence had been given in support of the' counterclaim, whioh would acoordingly bo dismissed. Thus ends the most sensational Australian cyclo ride. It will be remembered that the Dunlop Tyro Co. seleoted a rider to attempt tlio overland ride and that the "Australian Cyclist" sunt T. Coleman as their representative. Charles Miller, tlio winner of the recent six-days cycle raco in New York, U.S.A., is a German^by birth, but has spent most of bin life in America. He is 5ft 6in in height and weighs about llAstones. He is splendidly musoled from head to toe, his back being especially firm. His logs are not long and lank like the typical racer, but-are short, round and ohubby. Four years ago he was a grocer's clerk in Chicago, but found this too Blow a game, and went in for cycle racing. Miller's principal diot in long distance racing is fruit and liquids, such as apples, grapes, eggs, barley, broth, coffee, milk, rice, oatmeal, beef extract, etc. When ho is training for these long-distance events he limits himself in sleep a week now and again and ridos between 10 and 100 miles daily without dismounting and takes his food as ho goes along, so as to get his stomach acoustomed to digesting food while riding. Miller is a great believer in low gears and medium cranks and upon tho occasion of his six days viotory rode a machine geared to 70 and fitted with cranks. According to tho priccs brought at a recent flalo in ITranGe of some prize- winning motor-cars, one would want the income of a Rothschild to be amongst tho top notches in motor raoing. The average price for tlio sovoral cars sold camo out close upon £1,600 each. 