VVf .* Jc '*JP fi-^rf a~cn -v_i' BVS. A ia. &-. Ja sW A«STKAL'AUS fil HOME MATCH AT THE CJSYSTAL PALACE. GRACiTS ELEVEN BATTING. HEARSE MAKES 168. ALL OUT FOR 431. London, 'July 21, 2 p-cu. In glorious weather, of which, ho v f'ver, no very large number of spectators took advantage, the Australians began the second day's play of their mateh j against Grace's Kleven on +he London County Cricket Ground. On the first day the Englishmen had put up the large .score of 358 for the loss of five wickets, Elearne and Grace being the not-out men with .347 and 6 respec tively. ? Tue wicket was playing fast and true, but Howell and Trumble, who started the Australian bowling, were in better form than on the previous day, and runs came but slowly from the outset. Still the total mounted up, and 40 runs had been added before a separation was effected, and Hearne's magnificent in nings of 168 came to an end through a catch of Tremble's off his own bowling. The Kent professional hud . been at the wickets for five hours for his runs, and during the whole of that time had never given the ghost of a chanc. Without scoring really fast at any titm; Juearue had shown nlentv of battine ? X W CD ' power, and in his long score — the highest yet scored against the Australians this trip, by the way — were included 26 boundary strokes. After Hearne's departure the end of. the innings was reached without any great augmentation of the total. Sewell joined Grace, and by a stroke for 2 brought up the fourth century, this being the third time during the present tour that 400 has been made either for or against the Australians. This, how ever, was oeTveii s oniy euoru, as ue was immediately afterwards out to , an easy catch by Howell iu the slips off Truinble. Grace was directly afterwards bowled by Noble for 25, and then Taylor by ?some free hitting put up 20 and carried out his bat, while Winter and Martin stonewalled for 6 and 1 respectively, before both fell victims to catches off Noble's bowling. The last of the English wickets fell just before lunsh time, the innings closing for 431. 