COMPLETE STORY. [PUBLISHED BY srECIlL ARBAXOEMEXT.] i ik"hce jtThe in, WELLESLEY PAIN. OU can stop ifyoulike," said Charlie TTayland, " but I'm of?. It's a rotten show; there isn't a turn worth the price of the programme." " Oh, stay it out now; you haven't got anything to do to night. Help mo to ace t)io thing through." "No; I'm tired, and I'm going home." "Well, wait for the nest turn, anyhow. Twook here, now. 4 iladame Restelie, Queen of the Slack Wire *—yon must stop for her, you must really. She's coming on now." Charlie Waylnnd muttered a protest, and remained in his place. He wished that ho had never promised Horsier that he would come to the circus ; he felt that tho evening had been wasted. The performers—human and otherwise—were p:or, and dull, and dirty. There had been heavy showers of rain in the afternoon, and the tent leaked in • many place?. The ring- was po.sitively muddy, and the clowns scented to have a difficulty in making their jokes penetrate the heavy mist that the bright naphtha lights cottld not dispel. *• 4 Queen of the Slack Wire,* " said Charlie petulantly. "Now why doesn't some enterprising circus proprietor start a novelty ? Ho has only got to call the per formers by sensible names and the thing's done. 4 Queen of the Stack Wire"' 'Madame Res telle!' I bet her real name is *niy plain Good heavens! It's Bessie! Bessie !" " Yon seem to know the lady?" 44 Don't sneer, Bob, this is a serious matter. By Jove, I am glad I came hero. Bob, that —that girl there—is my rioter!" Before his friend had had time to recover from his surprise Charlie had jumped from his seat and had disappeared in the crowd that stood at the back or the rixpenny seat-?. He wished to get as near as possible to 44 Madame Restclle, " tho old-looking young lady now performing in the ring. * Any doubt he might have had as to her identity was speedily dispelled. 44 Madame Reatellc" was Bessie Wayland. As soon as ho had satisfied himself on this point Charlie fought his way back through tho people, dived under the shilling seats and crawled beneath the canvas of the tent ana out into the damp, foggy night. Two flaring lights hung at the ccor of one of the caravans. Charlie made his way quickly to this place. Karlier in the evening this van had bocu used as the pay-box to the circus, but now it was closed and apparently! .. deserted. A group of children were standing I in the mud and staring moodily at the gaudy j pictures with which thtf caravan was deco-1 rated. Charlie was on the point of appealing to one of those children when he espied a man j —evidently a groom—walking out of the fog towerds him. Charlie went forward to meet the man. 44 Can you tell me which is Madome Res-' telle's—cr—caravan r" He clinked seme money in his trousers peeked and waited. 44 Is. it on business ?" 44 Yes—important business. If you won't tell mo I shall go to tho proprietor and in sist—" 44 Oh, well, there's no harm in your knowin', I s'pose. There it Is—the green van with tho red wheels. She ain't doue 'er turn yet I think—yes, she 'as—there's a light at Ihc windernow. Sec ? She's finished then." 41 Thanks. Here's a drink for you. Good night." Ho walked quickly across the field and ascended the steps of tho little caravan. Then ho paused to listen; A baby's cry broke tho silence. It was a feeble, asthmaticalcry, and it was followed by a fit of coughing. A Woman spoke in low, endearing tones. Charlie knocked again; he had recognised the • woman's voice. 44 "Who's there ? " came from the caravan. 44 Open tlio door, please—Bessie." 4,,lW't locked. Come in." He flinched. Had she noticed him in the crowd at the circus, that sho was thus so pre-; pared to see Lim? What would be her attitude ? How should he get her away from, her present life ? What could ho say to her ? ' And then tho child cried again, and his thoughts took a different turn. Ho foresaw j 1 that his task would probably be hard. He tapped again, turned tho handle of the' door, and entered. At the end of tho caravan ] was placed a small box lined with pieces of blanket. A baby lay on these. 44 Madame Bestcllo, Queen of tho Slack Wire," was soothing tho child, and did not immediately I turn round as Charlie entered. 44Bcssie! Bcsmc, dear 1" Sho faced him quickly. 44 Charlie!!' ' • Sho bowed her head and drew back. He &eld; out his hand and came towards her, and when she looked up at him he saw that she was crying. Then he -went nearer to her, and they met under the small cvii-smellintr lamp that hung in the centre of the van. He bent down and hissed her. 41 Oh, Charlie," she whispered, "I am thankful and glad to secyou again. I thought you were—my " ** Well, dear ?'* "Hy husband." Ho started, and she misunderstood the movement. 44 Ob, don't shrink away from me, Charlie —don't, please. I've dono wrong—I know I have—and I've suffered for it—and shall suffer, I expect Don't be angry until you've heard the whole story. I'll tell it to you one day, if you like." 41 Yes, Bc6«ief that's one of the things I've eorao for. Another thing I've come for is to take you away from this wretched place. How soon run yon comer" li Ncv» r I Never, Charlie; You don't understand. But how did you manage to fiua! mcr" 44 By a mere accident. To tell me why you won't give up this wretched life and—and come back to us." 441 must cam my living—and my duty is to my husband. He may l>c back at any moment." 44 Is your husband employed at the circus f" 44 E—yes." 44 Then why isn't he hero to-night r" She signed wearily as she disengaged her self from his aruis and sat down. .. 441 can soon explain thar," she said, as she drew out a small box that was to serve as a chair for Charlie. 44 You'd better begin from the beginning," ho said quickly. 44 Then I shall understand everything as we go along." She waited a few minutes before she spoke again. Then she said: " j 44 About two years ago, as you know, I ran I away from home. I don't think anybody had I the s'ightcst idea as to where I had gone to." j He shook his head. 44 No. I gathered that mnch from the papers. Well, I left home to join the com pany of a travelling circus. I had seen them perform in our town—you didn't know that at the time. I gave out that I had gone to play tennis. I thought it would be beautiful to live in a caravan and go abont the country. As I was coming out of the circus I happened to meet one of the performers. He was a very handsome man, and " Her voice broke, and the tears came to her eyes, but she went oa : 441 need not go into all that happened. We met again lato in the evening and again on the following morning, just as tho circus was leaving the town. Well, the end of it | was that in the afternoon of the same day I I ran away to the town to which the circus was I going, and I met that man again. Ho is now my husband." i "But you haven't told me everything, Bessie. You're not Imppy, dear, fiov is that?" "I'll tell you the whole story. I was crazy with delight when I found that I could get an engagement—of a kind—at the circus. But that feeling soon passed away. We were married, of-course, and then—and then " Again she cried, and, covering her face with her hands, rocked herself to and fro. He waited silently, and presently she continued her story. M Kr—it was not a verr happy marriage. I was learning my work at the circus, and my husband did not like it becauso I was slow in picking up all he could teach me. I earned no money then, and—and—I did not please my husband in consequence. Oh, Charlie, must I tell you everything?" She crossed over to .him and knelt at his feet. , 41 It will simplify matters, dear,,if you do. Come, dear, don't cry. I can nearly guess your story. Your dream of a happy married \ life was soon dispelled—your husband pro- I bably illtreuted you. Come, dear, finish it— i tell me the rest." | Then she spoke quickly and without fur-, fher hesitation. 41 You—are nearly right. My husband lost his situation. He had been engaged as a ! bare-back rider." ( 44Drink, I suppose?" She was silent. 44 Very well. Go on." 14 For some time we wandered about from place to place, looking for work. My hus band was anxious to get to another circus, and at last we came to this one. Then baby I was bcrn, and soon afterwards—oh, I can't j tell you—I can't. Isn't it cnongh that I was forced to ace that my husband did not love me? He went from bad to worse, and at last they would not let liim perform here. I had been doiug my turn for some time, but the pay*was never large. 44To come to theend of the story, about a month ago we were going through Chartcr ingham, and my husband fell in with a gang of poachers one morning. Ho did not tell me much, but other people did. Ho was tired of me, I think. He left me. I heard that ho and the poachers wero caught, and were in gaol, but I don't know if it's true: You see it's so difficult to get to know any thing, because wo aro moving about every day." "When I came in you said that you thought—until you saw me—that it was your husband who had come in. What made you think that? Did you suppose that he had returned?" | 441 thought it was him because your voices arc exactly alike; and, of course, I never expected to see j*ou." 44 But you did expect to sco him ?" I 441 may, perhaps, one day." | "And if you did you wouldn't be pleased to sco him, eh? 1 noticed that you didn't turn round immediately I camo in." She looked up at him, and drew him to wards her. '•You con't know howl lore him," the said, simply. " Sometimes I've tried not to, or at least not to lot him see, but it's no use. To-night I thought I wouldn't let him sec that 1 cared whether he came or not—andyit wasn't him." She smiled as she said this. Their plans were soon made. Bessie would remain with the circus for at least another fortnight, and at the end of that time a home would be found for her. Meanwhile the neighbourhood of Chnrteringbam was to be searched. The missing husband was to be' found, and eventnally reformed. Bessie cried with joy at the prospect of their approaching reunion. " You will do your l»c?t. dear, won't you?" she said. " Here's his photo; you will be able to recognise him from that. " And you'll let me know at once, dear, if—if you" hear anything of him—anything, you know— never mind what." 44 Isn't he attached at nil to his son ?" said Charlie, as he crossed over to the sleeping child. "It's a little girl," said Bessie, smiling. "Poor little mite, she's very ill, Charlie. You don't know how the poor little darling suffers." He noticed that she had not answered his | question relative to the father's affection for his daughter. "Don't you think." he said, 14 that baby would get on better if she lived iu a house instead of a caravan ?" " What! Away from me! Oh, Charlie, please, please don't take her away." " There, there, you shall keep her. She's like you." He bentdown and fcisshd the child. Then lie kissed his sister good-night, and left the caravan." A week had gone by. Charlie's investiga tions in tlit neighbourhood of Charteringhara had resulted in a few discoveries, and a some what unfortunate occurrence. By the aid of some local policemen and a tew gamekeepers Charlie had found that the country for fifteen miles around Charreringham had recently been visited by an expert gang of poachers. Three important burglaries of an unusually daring nature bad also been committed. No arrests had been made, and the police had not yet found a cine to work upon. The poachers had also escaped detection, and Charlie was delighted to hear this. There was just a chance 'that he would be able to find- and rescue his brother-in-law, whose real name was Charles Rearall. The proprietor of the circus had altered "Restall "to 44 Itestelle," for business purposes. The unfortunate occurrence referred to was a little love affair. On the very first day of the search Charlie had made the mistake of falling completely in love with the daughter of the head gamekeeper on the Browby estates. He was probably almost unaware of the fact at the time. Its immediate effect on him was to convince him that Browby was tbo place in which he ought to pursue his search for Charles Rcstall. He remained in j Browby for a wool?, ana lie naa too nnsior j tune to meet the head gamekeeper several I times at places within a stone'^throw of that i worthy man's cottage. The head game keeper grew suspicious. Another week passed, and Charles Restall j ; was cot yet found. Charlie still found it I I necessary to conduct his inquiries in the 1 neighbourhood of Brow by. His hobby was botany, and he had obtained permission from i Lord -Browby's steward to make excursions: into the Browby woods for scientific purposes. Armed with this permission he was able to go where he wished ; but ou several occasions ! he found himself walking towards the head gamekeeper's cottage, in order to inquire the shortest way to certain places in the woods. Sometimes the head gamekeeper was out, and then Chariic would put his questions to Isabel Thornhill, the keeper's daughter. He wrote to his sister every cay and received some letters from her. They all said the same thing: "Bring my husband back to me. 3Jy girl is dying. Bring him before it i«s tnn tufo. * is too late. To these letters Charlie nlwavs replied as hopefully as circumstances would permit. He did not consider it necessary to tell his sister that the one topic of conversation among the keepers on the Browby estates was the probable capture of a band of reckless poachers, who until now had worked regularly and without fear of being caught. He wished to make his letters bright and cheerful, and he wrote at some length about his own doings and bis new acquaintance. At first his sister was vexed when she re ceived these letters. It was possible for any one who chose to read between the lines to seo that Charlie was neglecting his real mission—to find Charles Reatall—in order to fall in love with Isabel Thornhill. But his sister soon learned to rejoice, secretly at her brother's love affair. She had had trouble; she had deserved it. She had no right to expect him to efface himself for her good. A feeling of resignation came to her; she grew accustomed toreccivo letters about Isabel Thornhill and not about her husband. She smiled to herself as she read these letters, and resolved that she would do nothing to cloud the happiness of the writer of them. So it was that, when one day, "owing to indisposition," as tho ringmaster put if, Mndame RcsteHo did not perform, she was careful to avoid mentioning the fact to her brother. It was truo that ITudamo Restelle was indisposed, but it was only half true, for it was on that afternoon that the Queen of the Slack Wire left her caravan and followed the body of her'dead baby to its grave. Another week went by and still Charles' Restall was not, found. All tho local papers, and most of the London dailies c utained a1 judiciously wordcid advertisement in their! agony columns addressed to him, but as yet theso"had met with no response. The excite- ( ment among the natives of Erowby occasioned : by the presence of expert poachers nod I burglars in their midst was increased as each day went by and no arrests were made. Charlie considered that he had a double motive for assisting in dis covering the whereabouts of the poachers. Through them he would possibly be able to trace his brother-in-law, and at the sometime , he would be pleasing the head gamekeeper. In this latter surmise, Charlie was entirely wrong. The head gamekeeper wished to have the task of capturing the new gang of poachers left entirely to himself. One evening, as Charlie was walking softly through a copse at the back of the keeper'* cottage, he was startled at hearing a sudden sneezing. It was immediately followed by a hurried whispering, in which" he could only catch an occasional word : 44 Fool—snuff. Keep it done—here to-night." His first impulse on hearing this was to run away as quickly as possible ; but he checked himself and remained motionless. Then, to his horror, the words of the next speaker became more distinct. The men were ccraing slowly towards the very spot on which he was standing! He had no time to consider bis best course of action; the men were almost upon him. Quickly and noiselessly he crept behind a small bu*h and lay down. In another moment-the two men came up to him and one of them kicked against his leg in pacing. Charlie doubled bis fists—they were his only weapons—and held himself ready to spring up. But the men had passed on in a moment; Charlie had not been dis covered. He listened intently to all they said, but was unable to hear more than a few sentences, as the men were walking quickly. Those few sentences, however, were those that he had for many days wished to hear. As soon as the men had gone,' Charlie crept cautiously from his hiding place and, getting to open country, ran at his top speed to the head gamekeeper's cottage. He found Thorn hill at his garden gate; he was just about to go on his evening round. Charlie quickly related all ho had heard. The poachers—or at any rate the two whose conversation he had overheard—were going to work that night in the neighbourhood of a certain place in the woods known as the *' Double Stile." (It derived irs name from the fact that a former owner had once erected there a stile of his own designing and of a curious shape.) Tbomhill—the head gamekeeper—was not inclined to believe Charlie's story. Possibly he did not want to believe it. ! "Look you here, young man," he said, j "I've had enough of you hanging about rov cottage. I know what you come for, and I tell you it's no use. You'd best give it up and go back to where you come from, and if you think you're go in' to get me over to * Doable Stile' to-night while you come dang-Iin' round outside my daughter's window you're mistaken! That's all I've • got to say to you, and good-night." He picked up his gun and was soon out of right. Charlie retraced his steps, and meditated ; over what he had heard. Should Be go to | " Double Stile " himself, and risk the chances ! of a possible conflict with the poachers, a cou I flict in which he knew he would have no I chance of succeeding ? Should he go to any j other of the keepers and give them the warn , ing ? He at once negatived this question, for the simple reason that all the keepers ou duty would be out, and therefore inacces sible. After much thought he at length decided to go to "Double Stile" himself, and to risk the consequences. Having made up his mind on this point he walked slowly along the road, for it was still early in the night, and smoked a cigarette. He had no wish to make his way through the woods to "Double Stile" until it was absolutely necessary that he should leave the high road. He knew the exact spot at which he would have to enter the woods. Ho sauntered slowly along, and tried to think of anything else bat the work in hand, tor in truth the" nearer he got to " Double I Stile " the less firm became his resolution to | go there. The night was black and forbid i ding; he was alone and unarmed. It bad occurred to him that by reaching the place early in the evening he might pos sibly be able to prevent a disturbance. He pictured to himself the delight of being able ! to write to his sister that her husband was a i free man, and on his way to meet her. Charlie [had determined on a reconciliation and a reformation, bathe lind only the vaguest idea of how he was to effect this happy result. "When he reached the spot at which he had to leave the high road and. enter the woods, lie throw away his cigarette, buttoned his coat, and grasped firmly a stout ask stick that he had cut during his walk. Ho walked quickly along a narrow path in the midst of a thickly-wooded copse. At the end of this path there was a stump of a tree. He sat down oa this and waited, for he was now Svithin 50 yards of " Double Stile." .The night was still; he was able to hear ♦•his watch"ticking, and be thought that his heart-beats were keeping time .with it. He was in too feverish a mood to be able to sit still long, and he was about to rise and re sume his walk, when he heard u slight rustic in the bushes behind him. He turned quickly, but not before two hands had been placed over his eyes! For a moment he remained motionless, : then he tried to release himself. Again he stopped. Ho had suddenly realised the fact that the lumds over his eyes were soft and slender; they were undoubtedly the hands of a woman! He leaped up with a bound, clutched the two hands in his, and dragged the woman towards him. It was his lady-love—Isabel Thombiil ! Their recognition of each other was j mmultanccus. "You here 2M he whispered. "You!" "Yes—yes—I thought—" She was gasping in terror at the sudden turn of events. • ""Who is it you come to see?" he asked quickly. " Tell roe—now—at once—or " But ho did not finish the sentence. A man's fist was dashed in his face, and a man's voice said: "Yon skulking hound, be off! I thought this was your little game. Now go, at once ! Do you hear ? Go, or you will be sorry you stopped!" It was Thombiil—Isabel's father—who was speaking, but Charlie, dazed by the blow, did not recognise the voice. He rushed at his assailant, nud the two men closed. But it was only for a moment. There was another rustling in the bushes behind them, and a man sprang out to separate them. Ho grasped Charlie by the collar, swung him n-nA tl.rAwT.im loose from Thoruhill's grip, and threw him, stunned and bleeding, on to the soft turf, where he lay motionless. ' Then the stranger tnrncd his attention to Thornhili. but this time he nscd no force. Ho placed one arm round Thornbiii's waist, and steadied him. Then he assured him quietly that his daughter was quite safe, and that his antagonist was attheprcscnt moment senseless. If ho had reversed the statement it would have been equally true, since Hiss Isabel Thornhili had fainted away as scon as her father had appeared on the scene. She quickly recovered, however, and walked slowly away with her father and the mys terious stranger. Charlie still lay exactly as he fell. He had struck his head against the stomp of a tree, and blood was oozing from the wound. Thornhili, his daughter, and the stranger walked back towards the cottage. "When Thornhili had recovered from the effects of what he persisted in calling his "attack " he asked the stranger for hi3 name, that he might give it to Lord Browfcy's steward. "Idon't know your face," said Thornhili, "but it's a good 'on, I know that. You be} a stranger in these parts, eh, sir ? " "Well—cr—yes, I am and I'm not." "Well, sir, once more, thank you very! \- much. Yoa just caught that chap proper. I Hy word! didn't lie go down I You don't i think we ought to send the doctor down to 1 'im, do ye?" "Oh, no; he'll bo all right in the morning | I should say. It won't do him any harm to} *tay there for a few hours." \- " Bnt, if you'll excuse my askin', sir, how come you to be there at this time o* night?" "well, the fact is I'm aoin' a little pri vate detective business on my own account. What with all these poachers and burglars, I thought I'd see if I couldn't get a little bit of excitement by catching one o' them—just for the fun of tho thing, you know." " Well I hope von aren't hurt, sir, that's all." " Oh, no, thanks. I'm all right." During the walk Isabel Thornhili had been silent, except when she echoed her father's thanks to their deliverer. As they ueared the gate,-Thornhili turned to his daughter and said: "Now, look here, my girl, I hope as how this'U be a warning to yoa not to go out these walks by yourself in tfceevenin's. It ain't right, is it, Hr.—c-r—Hr. "Benford." "Ah, to he sure, Hr. Konford. It ain't j • right, is it?" •• Certainly not." "She will do it, you know. I'm sure she _ ituows the place hotter*n I do, and she's , always agoin' by these lonely walks in the cvenin's. * I tell'or she ought to wait until she's got a young man to look after her, chr Ha, ha! £h. Hr.—er "BenfoTd." " Beg your pardon, Hr. Kenford. What | do you say now 1" "I say that if that's the case she needn't! wait any longer. I'm a young roan, and j . -waiting, willing, and wishing with all my heart to be the young man. What do you say now?" " Say ? Why, we're never seen you afore to-night." "Excuse me, sir, but your daughter has. . The fact is I've been staying .in the neigh bourhood 'some weeks past, and we met accidentally one day and—well—all's fair in lore and war you know, sir." "Well, well I I don't know—I don't know. Come inside^ sir, anyhow, and- we'fl think about it." | They entered the cottage, and it was soon evident that Thornhili desired'to be left alone.. | Isabel and Mr. Itenford made no objection to this arrangement. 4i Hasn't everything turned out"well V1 said Renford, as soon as they were alone. 44 Things couldn't have gone better if I'd The door was opened quickly, and Thorn lull appeared. '• There's just one thing I don't understand quite," he said. 44 P'raps you'll explain— Miss Isabel—how you came to be there with another chap—eh 44 I thought—it was quite dark, yon know —I thought it was—er—was Charlie." 44Charlie—oh! Charlie! Ho! ho! ho!" They heard the old mau chuckling to himself for some time after that, and occasionally he would atop in his work at cleaning a gun and mutter, 44Charlie! Ha! ha! Charlieiudced!" And.Mr. Renford and Isabel were in correspondingly good humour. They laid plans for the future and agreed as to the exact place at which they would spend their honeymoon. 44 Are you a believer in omens r" ho asked. 44 Sometimes—why fr" 14 "Why, because did you notice that it was a beastly dark night an hour or two ago, and 1 now there's a bright moon ? You see that ray of light there—that's from the moon." 44 Or from father's lantern outside." "IsTo, no, it's the moon. See!" He crossed over the room, caught hold of the blind, and held it high above his head. Then with a yell of dismay he let the blind go crashing back iuto its place. Tor in tbat brief moment, whilo the blind had been raised, he had seen a face at the window ? It was the focc of a woman, and tho woman was 44 Madame Restelle, Queen of the Slack Wire!" He staggered back into the room, picked up his hat, und turned tho handle of the door. But long before he had reached the door Isabel Thornliili had fainted at seeing what she imagined to be a ghost. Had she not been unconscious she might have beard a woman scream; and bad sbe been looking out of the window ebe would have seen a woman fall on the flagstones beneath the window. Thornbill camo running in from his little room at the back of the cottage. Ho found his daughter lying senseless on the floor, and he did not find air. Charles Bcnford. He ran to the kitchen for some cold water, but before he could return to the room he was overtaken by a man and a woman. They entered the house without asking for permis sion, and walked quickly into the room in which Isabel Thorn hill lay senseless. "What are you doing here?" shouted Thornbill. The two lovers had sat in a darkened room, and now that the blind was down it was impossible for Thornbill to see that the mnn in the room was none other thun the man whom he had left lying scuscless by the tree stump at the Double Stile \ The woman— Madame Rcstcllc—drew up the blind, and the faces of tho new-comers were revealed in tho white moonlight. "You here!" shouted Thornbill with an oath. "You! How dare you come here after the way in which " " Wait a minute, sir, please, and first at-; tend to .your daughter. Afterwards, if you will allow me, I'll explain." And Charlie Wayland did erplalu, and so did the remainder of the company. It seems that " Madame Bestellc" having, through the death of her child, no other motive for remaining at the circus, had left tho place to join her brother at Browby. She aid not give him notice of her coming, and when she arrived at his lodgings ia the village, and found that he had gone out, she at once came to tho conclusion, as a result of bis many letters to Iter about Isabel Thorn hill, that it was at Mr. Thornhill's cottage that he was spending the evening. She arrived soon after " Charles Renford" had entered the cottage with Isabel and her father. She had waited outride the window, and had imagined, from the similarity in the voices of the two men, that it was her brother who was Isabel's sweetheart. It was not until "Charles Renford" had raised the blind that she was able to recognise her husband. As for Charlie Waylnnd, his explanation was soon delivered. On coming to his senses he had walked slowly towards Sir. Thorn - hill's cottage, and on his arrival there fonnd his sister lying fainting on the stones beneath the window. There were other explanations to follow. That between Mr. ThornhiU and Charlie was soon giveu. Some days elapsed, however, before another explanation was arrived at—that between Charlie and Isabel—bat it was none the less satisfactory because of the delay. " Charles Renford" has never been seen by his relatives since ho left Mr. Thornhill'a cottage, and "Madame Rcstclle," acting on tho advice of a brother and a rister-in-law whom she loves very dearly, has never again attempted to look for him. The expert gaug of poachers on the Browby estate is also reported to bo missing. More men have died and are buried in the Isthmus of Panama, along the lino of the proposed canal, than on any other c<jual amount of territory in the world. 