FACTS ABOUT KLONDYKE. INTERVIEW WITH MR. C. LLOYD. Mr. C. T. Lloyd, accompanied by Mr. J. Ayton, paid his first visit to Alex andra since his return from the frozen regions of Klondyke during Christmas week. As there are some Alexandra ites members of the syndicate which despatched Mr. Lloyd on his mission to Klondyke, who have not had a chance of a personal talk with the noted pros pector, and as a brief account of Mr. Lloyd's travels will be interesting to all our readers, we give the following par ticulars obtained at an interview kindly accorded our representative. Welcome back to Alexandra, Charles. You are looking in splendid health, and the trip appears to have only relieved you of a little superfluous flesh. Yes, I never felt better in my life, and am very glad to get back again to my old friends And they are as glad to see you as ever, notwithstanding that the trip was not the golden success anticipated. No, it was not a success, but it was useless to prolong the agony. Before going into details just tell me what caused the rush and whether it was justified in any way, and as, to whether you experienced great inconvenience during your long journey ? Answering the latter query first, I started from here with expectations of having to meet all kinds of trouble, worry and inconvenience. I was not disappointed. But having anticipated them the reality was not so irksome as it would have been had I expected to have had an easier time of it. Some of the places on the way I quitted as soon as possible. They were not safe, so I did not carry too much of their dust away with me. The Klondyke boom was caused by the shipping and trading companies, aided by an unscrupulous and lying Seattle press. There were a few good paying claims on the field, but they will be worked out this winter. The boom has burst and the fraud laid bare, but it has been at the expense of many good lives and untold, suffering by thousands. The difficulty now is "How I are the thousands who will never earn a a penny on the field and who are without a copper, to get out if it ?" They are receiving a little Government aid at present, but something else will have to be done with them soon. I am sorry all you boys have lost your money, and so have I, but with such a syndicate there will be no crying over spilt milk, I think. I wish we had the money now to test some Victorian country. I am sure we would come out better if we had. We see that now Charles, but not a single one grieves a bit. If there had been a ghost of a show to bring back some gold dust all have confidence that you would have snapped it. Now give me the details of the trip, and that will end the Standard's business with re- spect to Klondyke. Well, here it is:-" My object in going was, of course, to try and get some gold, and I represented some Victorian and London capitalists. Leaving by the Ala meda from Sydney in March last, I went to Frisco, and thence took train to Seattle. This is about 800 miles, passing through the States of California, Oregon, and Washington. From Seattle I took boat to Victoria, where I outfitted, getting a stock of bacon, beaus, flour, oatmeal, a sugar, tea, and coffee, also suitable cloth- ing. A great deal of clothing sold is of a the shoddiest description, but easily worked off on to the new chum arrivals. The prices are exorbitant, some outfits costing as much as 1000 dollars, but the stores of course last over several months. The first cost, however, is nothing com pared with what one has to go through afterwards. From Victoria I took steamer to Skagway, calling at Fort Wrangel. Some got off there to go by the Stikene River, but that did not turn out a success. From Fort Wrangel my companion and I went to Skagway. That is the end of the salt water journey. Skagway is a town of some importance, but my opinion of it was not much. Here we were interviewed by the Custom House officials and our stores overhauled, and some who came by the same steamer were also interviewed by the notorious Soapy Smith and his gang of robbers. They had established what was called an "Information Bur- eau," where you were to be shown maps and charts in regard to the mining fields. As soon as an unsuspecting victim got inside they would lift up ones belt and ease him of his cash; giving significant hints as to what would happen it any fuss were made it. They have shot many a man at Wrangel and Skagway. Soapy Smith met his death at the hands of a man named Reid a lttle while ago. Reid aimed at him with his revolver, which, however, missed fire, and Smith shot him with his rifle. Reid, who was fatally wounded, fired again, and brought the career of the desperado to an end. We had to stay at Skagway a week to suit the convenience of the Custom officials. You have to tip them all round if you want to go through in a short time. At the Chilcoot and White Passes they search and take any whisky the travellers have got. This is all in the United States territory. We then went on to Lake Bennett, having to ge t our stores packed through at 11 cents (51/2'.) per pound. Said quickly it does not sound much, but when you come to pack a ton through it amounts to quite a little bit. The duties at the boundary are from 30 to 35 per cet. Eleven cents per pound was considered low, and some were paying 18 and 20 cents. From Lake Bennett you are on fresh water, on the head of the Yukon or Lewis River. The majority of travellers build their own boats. Six of us, however, all Australians, got one made, and paid 250 dollars for it. It was 30ft. long, and we christened it be Kangaroo. We had an Australian flag, which we got painted there. It was a devil of a job to give the Yankee an idea of a kangaroo. We interviewed every Australian on the field to try and get a drawing, but the attempts were not a suc- cess. At last, with the aid of an old Vic torian miner's right which I had we managed to get him to paint a kangaroo and emu The kangaroo had a head like a mule. The flag itself also puzzled us, but we got it somewhere near the mark. It cost us 10 dollars, and was right enough for anyone who knew nothing about it. Some would look at the kangaroo and emu, and define it as a bear and something else; others said it was a Spanish flag. We had to remain at Lake Bennett until the ice broke up at the latter end of May. Then came about the best part of the journey to Dawson. We passed through the lake, which is about 20 odd miles long, and into the Tagish Lake, where there is a Custom House, and then along through Lake Marsh, coming to the White Horse Rapids. Here we had a very rough experience. A scow carrying three men and about three tons of stores, which had just gone before us, turned over, through faulty steering. One man was drowned, but the others clung on, and one slipped off just after we had passed. Hundreds were looking on, but it was impossible to render any assistance. The other man stuck on some how and drifted on to the rocks. It is a very dangerous place, and numbers have lost their lives. After getting past White Horse Rapids we struck Lake Lebarge, where our boat was again examined. The man who went in before Major Walsh at Dawson issued permits for whisky, but the Major would not permit, and was try ing to prevent any coming in. That was afterwards fixed up at Ottawa, and special permits were again issued after a lot of red tape obstruction. Whisky found its way to Dawson all the same, and I know at Tagish we passed a scow that was loaded with whisky, but the owner was in with the police. From Lebarge we went on to Hootilinqu. There is another post here, and papers and boat had to be over hauled again. At the Big Salmon River, half a day's journey further on, is another post, and still another at the Little Salmon. I have seen a man fired at because he did not pull in to be examined. There is a tremendous current, and the man probably did not know there was a post there. After a bit one gets to understand that if h sees a man wearing a red jumper and cowboy that it is a policeman, and that he has arrived at a post. For a wonder we were not bailed up at Little Salmon. There are no more posts until we get to Dawson City. Dawson is at the foot of the Klondyke River, and is the head cen tre of the whole business. It has about 20,000 inhabitants, and is the smelliest place on earth. It consists mainly of tents and cabins and gambling halls and a Monte Carlo. The latter was opened by a rascal nicknamed Swiftwater Bill. It seems he was a skilful man on a swift water, and pretty smart in getting money besides. He had a couple of women as attractions to the place, and was at one time worth thousands of dollars. He, however, came to grief, and just as I left he was thrown out of an hotel. They call him now 'Still Water Willie.' I now started work. The nearest payable gold to Dawson is up the Bonanza Creek, about 15 miles to the forks. It is at Eldorado and Bonanza Creeks where most of the gold has been found. It is, of course, all staked out. I had a good look at that country, and collected all the information I could from men who had been working in the mines for wages. They were nomin ally getting 15 dollars per day of 10 hours, but work was very scarce. The ground was frozen hard, and the time lost in thaw ing it by fires, very greatly reduced the pay. I got a lot of information about Eldorado Creek, and found there were some very good claims between No's 1 and 40\. These include Berry's, Alec Mac- donald's, and Ashbury's, but the field is very patchy; here a good claim, and next to it a worthless one. They are nothing to what they are reported to be, and they make more fuss about one or two ounces than we do over 1,000oz. There are also a few gold bench claims just payable and that is about all. If you take these out of the field there is no gold field left. I went all over Dominion, about 30 or 40 miles from Dawson. The creek runs into the Indian River, but heads round into Klondyke. There I discovered plenty of mosquitoes and a lot of unnecessary ex- citement. They were taking up claims, but no gold was being got of any conse quence-certainly not enough to cause a stampede. The ground had been staked a couple of years ago, and had there been anything worth while it would have been taken out before to-day. Hunker Creek was supposed to be a great creek. I went there and found gold bad been obtained, but there was only one or two payable claims. They appear to be holding on to their claims on the chance of buyers com ing along. Sulphur is not worth saying anything about. I started next to have a look at the new diggings-Jack Dalton's trail. At Shortie's there is no gold to speak of-hardly more than you might find in a Jamieson street. This was on my route back. My prospecting resulted in nothing but the discovery of a very hard trail. I also visited other goldfields on Stuart River and Indian River, but to no purpose, no gold being found there. All the Australians in the field worked into each other's hands, and what one knew all would know. My own opinion is that the field has been boomed by the steamship companies and traders who have had a good innings, and it is about time the public knew a few facts. Concerning that Lake Atlin business which they are trying to boom, a lot of our chaps coming up the Yukon called there and expressed them selves sorry for those who may be led to go there; and about the Shortie's Creek racket, it looks as if Dalton, who has a big say in the district, is trying to get up a boom to repay himself. For myself, I gained rheumatism liberally for my pains, but I never heard of any man making money elsewhere than at Eldorado Creek and Bonanza. On Dalton's trail we had to forage for tucker, and got grouse, duck, and plenty salmon fishing. As soon as we got on the fall to the West Coast, salmon were to be had in abundance, and I believe you could catch in places a couple of hundred in an hour. For sledg ing purposes, dogs-a sort of cross be tween the wolf and Esquimax dog-are used, fetching a high price at the begin ning of winter, but next to nothing when the warm weather sets in. They are every where, and at Klondyke, where the Salva tion Army have stationed themselves, when the 'soldiers' commenced playing the tambourines one day, I was amused to see a number of these dogs start a free fight in the middle of the ring, taking the meeting entirely in their own charge." 