ELECTION NOTES. Mr. Blocksidge is making a good fight at Woolloongabba, and with the loyal support of Ministerialists should carry the electorate. One thing which Mr. Blocksidge has to contend against is the candidature of Mr. Duthie, for that gentleman's friends in one part of the constituency call him an Independent Op- positions and in another part an Independent Ministerialist. Now, Mr. Duthie should not be allowed to win votes for he coming a tag on the real Government candidate. He announces himself plainly as an Independent Oppositionist, and as such, and such only, can he be considered. The electors must not allow Mr. Duthie to hoodwink them. Not a single Ministerial vote should be recorded for him. There is only one way of fighting the election, and that is on straight-out party lines. Mr. Blocksidge has the Ministerial endorsement, and those who vote for him on Saturday will vote for good government and continued prosperity. Another point which may be impressed upon the electors in connection with the candidature of Mr. 'Blocksloeo is the chance they now have of consolidating the representa- tion of the southern suburbs. The splendid triumph of the Premier at Bulhntoa, the success of tooth Ministerialists at South Brisbane, and the victory of Mr. Grimes for Oxley just want capping toy the return of a Ministerialist for Woolloongabba. There would then be a compact quintette working in the interests of the southern suburban electorates. The value of that influence should not be under-estimated by those who cast their votes on Saturday next. It may be remarked that Mr. Alderman Thorne, who went to a plebiscite of Government supporters with Mr. Blocksidge, and was defeated, is giving loyal assistance in the campaign. Mr. Thorne's good example has spread to his immediate supporters, and there is likely to be a strong vote cast for the Ministerialist. Loyalty and courage are helping to spin the wheel of progress, and the prospects are very good indeed. The Grub-street author, as celebrated by the satirist, rushed before the public, " obliged by hunger and request of friends." Among the reasons assigned for the superfluous presence of so many Parliamentary candidates just now " request of friends" Is, as will have been noted, assigned a conspicuous place. Not much, however, is said about the " hunger," which is the more powerful motive in this, as in the famous case of which mention has been made, but which in the present instance is to be identified with the hunger of mere selfishness and vanity. It is a matter for deep regret that these unseemly displays of personal ambition should have been brought into most flagrant prominence on the Ministerial side. The men who persist in such tactics show themselves utterly unworthy of the positions to which they aspire. The pity of it is that the punishment which many of them must certainly bring upon themselves in the shape of an ignominious rejection by the constituencies in which they are elbowing one another may mean a loss to the Government. The prizes for which they are squabbling are very likely, under such circumstances, to be snatched by the Labour nominees, or by some of those gentlemen who are awaiting what fortune may send in the " Independent" way. Mr. J. D. Campbell, in a letter advertised in our columns elsewhere, replies to the Premier's strictures upon the conduct of Ministerial candidates in the Moreton electorate. He insists that he knows more about the feelings of the electors than Mr. Dickson can possibly know, and after all the promises of support he has received he cannot possibly retire, or even submit himself to an umpire's decision. But Mr. Lang says almost the same thing. These gentlemen seem to think that they have only to secure a voluble profession of regard throughout the electorate, and bushels of promises to entitle them to take root like healthy " side retusa." Can both of them get in ? And Is it not just possible that interested folk on the other side have made it their business to go round to the meetings of Messrs. Campbell and Lang to persuade them to persevere in their candidature ? A politician with half-an-eye could see through that particular electioneering ladder. A curiously suggestive incident in connection with those electoral battles which during the present campaign have already been fought and won was that reported yesterday from Clermont. The victory of the Labour candidate (Mr. Lesina), who was obedient to the dictates of the platform, over the one (Mr. Cross who had spirit enough to de- nounce such mandates as tyrannical, was, we are told, celebrated by a torchlight procession. A black flag was borne through the streets, on which was inscribed, " In Memoriam," and which showed an effigy of Mr. Cross on a crucifix. The black flag is the traditional one hoisted by pirates. Taken in conjunction with the motto and em- blazonments which it exhibited In this instance it must have been beautifully symbolic, indeed, of the kind of treatment which some of those reformers who are looking forward to " Socialism in our time" would, If they only had the ordering of matters, be prepared to give everybody who dared to differ from them, and have an opinion of his own. Mr. Denis Keogh, who for awhile doubtless cherished the pleasing hope that he would have a walkover at Rosewood, and carry the Labour flag to victory at so cheap a cost is confronted with a Ministerial opponent in the person of Mr. Hardgrave. Mr. Keogh's services to the constituency or to the country, as illustrated in the last Parliament, were hardly of a nature which should induce the electors to " grapple him to their hearts with hooks of steel." The boredom of the Assembly could certainly boast of a distinguished representative in the member for Rosewood. The qualities which would prove really useful in legislative work were, however, in his case conspicuous by their absence. It should not be very difficult for Mr. Hardgrave to convince the electors of that fact. Those who claim to be able to Judge of the sentiments of the majority of the electors at Fassifern do not consider that the Labour candidate, Mr. (Moffat, has much chance of wresting that seat from the Government BUD porter, the Hon. George Thorn. Some of them indeed are inclined to think that the Labour representative has not the ghost of a show in that direction. One local com- mentator on Mr. Moffat's predictions as to how the interests of the working man would be promoted If the party which assumes the right to direct all his movements were only In power, denounces them as mere clap-trap, an estimate which is a tolerably correct one as to their precise value. The broadness of air. Moffat's views as to an important branch of the races which make up the inhabitants of the British Islands, and which is especially identified with the Island on the western side of St. George's Channel, are said to be about on a par with most of his political ideas. He is charged with having used most bigoted and Insulting language with reference to Irishmen, and with having tried to explain it away with lame apologies. To explain his own title to any political confidence is apparently a task which will be too many for Mr. Moffat. Mr. Taylor, the extra and unsuccessful Ministerial candidate for Dalby, like his namesake in the American ditty, the damsel who " courted a sailor," has found his wooing of that constituency but vanity and vexation of spirit. But in his case the conditions of the heroine of that moving lyric and the object of her affections are reversed. It is he who is " far out on the sea." Very much so, indeed, according to the figures which the poll gave as standing to his credit. As will have been seen Mr. Taylor only got eighty-six votes as against 290 recorded for the Labour candidate, Mr. Fegan, and 442 for the electorate's former representative, Mr. J. T. Bell. And so Mr. I Taylor has to mourn the loss of his deposit. It is to be imagined that there will be but scant sympathy for the disappointed candidate, and rather less on the side with which he nominally identified himself than on any other. It is evident now that he had no chance of success. But it was well within the range of possibility for him to have brought about the defeat of Mr. Bell as well as his own, and thus played directly into the hands of the Labourites. A verdict of served him right is certainly to be considered as a just one with regard to the too sanguine Mr. Taylor. 