BY BaurTa M, CMY, nuthoress of "A Bitter Boindage,"' " Lilan Tremayne's Secret," Eto. CEAPTER XLV (Continued). Saturday came, and still there was no news of Elsie or of Captain Parker, and Noel began to fret and fume. He worked until midnight, hardly conscious of the rapid flight of time, and had the satisfaction to see a picture com pleted that had been under way for nearly three months. "To-morrow will' be Sunday," he thought, "and I will rest-if I can. If MIonday brings nc news, I think I shall go mad unless I go to work to find Captain Parker." When M]lohday did come, and his mall contained nothing of interest, Noel iesolvod to go to the Easton-road again, determined not to be put offby a handied men on guard-if sunch a number happened to be there. HIe had an appointment with the alder. man at twelve o'clock, who desalred a thick gold chain to be painted across his expan sive cheat. He was coming at twelve o'clock to bring thelidentical chain, and Campbell wvas determined not to wait a minuto later than that hour. He retired to his stud!o and was glad to hear a carriage stop before the house fully half an hour before he had expected the alderman. "I am'much obliged to him for coming early," he thought; then sprang to his feet half believing that a tornado or a mad ball had found its way into the conser eatery that led from the house to his tdlio. 'Another moment and a wild-eyed old man-r burst upon him,,revolver In hand, roaring:. "Now, sir-i -now, ?then, you double dealing young libertine,,where is Miss Elsile Sferno I" S"Captain Parker '" ejaculated Noel. " What is the meaning of this I" " The meaning, sir, is that if yon don't own up, by Heaven, I'm going to shoot. If you haven't got the sense to see the danger lights, then there's going to be a funeral! I want Miss Sterne I" S"Captain Parker, I am nearly mad with grief myself. I have not seen Miss Sterne. Ileft, her at Blirwood-a week since." "Colin Eirseacliffe 1" sheetod the old man. "Yes, but she knous that I am Noel Campbell, ealo, now. That deception-" "Avat!!" roared Parker ; "you nearly broke her heart, you villain I" "Silence !" Noel said, sternly. " I wrote to Miss Sterne'at your place --" "And I burned the letter," interrtipted the captain. "Then you have taken a most un warrantable liberty, sir. Your man denied me adalissidn, and I was the isearer of joyful news-the news that Sir Joihn is in London, Under my care, alive and almost well, and that the mian he is supposed to have killed is not dead at all I" The captain looked da.ed. "But where is Elsie 1" he said. ".Will you twear- that you didn't kidniap her last nigh? A letter cmtie siling that eon'were ill at acmd hosltal, aidid off she goes lthout consdlting io. Neve set eyes on he~r aince." vr e "So she forgave mo" cricd Neml. " My poor Elsie I" "Yes, and wrote you a :Iettei also, which I put in the fire ! Forgive me, lad. I believe I 've misjudged: you. Now, where is she-where is she 3" "Probably in Lobndon. This is the work:~bf Lord Somerton I Now, Mr Parker, if you can keep pace with me, we will trace Elaie's movemenrits as far as her maid has advised you. There is nbot a moment to be lost." "I can keep alongaside' bf;ydu in a cab, and what's more, i'm going to do it. i've already run half over London in search of you. Coie on!'" The alderiman was forgotten, and in'five minutes Noel and Captain Parlkedr were being driven to Guy's Hospital. By the time they were fully satified that-Else was not in London and :had traced her to Waterloo railway station, it wiia riehrly five b'clock. "Theie's a train down at seven," Noel said, "and'we will surprise my lord. In the meaniwhile we had better refresh the inner man, and l will call at my chimbers. Theremay be news there." This hopeful aiiticipatldn 'as realised, a~nd the news was of ea nidt s ataeitllng nature in the shape of the folldwing telegram: " Nonr CAOiOELL, Es. :-Miias Sternoa brought here last night by Somerton. We will see that she comes to no harm. Proof that Sir John's marriage was legal is here also. Come early on Tiiesdiiy morning, and 'it is only to be regretted that Sir John is riot in England. "JdMEs C~SirE.O. . "H0noio LAwsox." "Good Lord I" roared Captaii Parker, elapping his 'knee. "it's like a fairy tale 1" " I am dazed I" said Noel. "See here, captain I we will go to the Barry-road now ! Sir John shallkno?ir all andt accom pany uas to Blalrwood I" Again was a cab in requisition, and despite the cautious fears of Markham, the captain burst into the presence of Sir John, who was sitting at the table irading. " Behind him walked Noel Camiplell, jicked With so much written evidence of plot and couniierplobt, that Sir Joho, in his beivlldsing.joy, wept jipon his ehbuldr. "Fred I free !" he said ; "I am already a new iman I" Then his fc 6becaie'iet animd hard, but heimrhedistely added : "No I no I Iwill leave all my enemies to a higher Judge. This is no't nie to have harsh thoughts I" It was late when the party broke up, and an agreement was made for the whole of them to meet at Waterloo station 'at half-past seven the net morning. "A train is due to leave at eight," Noel said, "and we shahll be at Blairwood by nine-thirty." "What a grand reunion I" laughed the captain,with tears in his eyes. .Brih your mother along, my boy, and 1'll insist upon lIrs Parker poming with Elsale's maid." Sir John acquiesced by a firm pressure o? the hand, and Noel knew that at list his inother was forgiven I CHAPrER XLVI. ELSIE IS SAVED. "It is nsy\edopg? day to.day, Keip," the Earl of Sommrion said tha next nortingi, metingthe butler as he cnime downstairs. " And i want on to bring in the post.bag, 'P thath I can get through before brealifast with any cor. respondence that may reqdiro immediato attention." "Y es, my lord. May I congratuolte your lordship? , The day gives promie of being Uinsually fine for this time sf year, It is oily jant. seven, so I shabill have no reason to hurry, as the post. office does not open till half.past oseveri." "You will find ma in the library Kemp," the earl said. " How is Mis Stesnoe Have you inquirbd of L~dy Belena I" ,__,& "if it please your lordship, Lady Helena, when she gave her orders not ten minutes since, did say that the ioung mltress'had slept beautifully all night." "Tharink you, Kemp." He was gratified to learn that Lady Helena Freeman had obeyed his orders by keeping the butler posted aa to the condition of Miss Sterne. "I am 6bliged to Jordan for the nor. cotic," he thought, "and it proves to me that people of the East can teach 5s Westerners something yet. I.bolieve that if minute sprays were injected into almost any kind of food the death of the person who ate it would be slow and painless." He stepped into the library, and started at sight of the reflection of his hagard face in a mirror." "A night of torture I endured," he muttered. "I heard the sound of his falling body in my dreams. Strange that he uttered no cry, but wohen men are nerved with desperation, their strength is phenomenal. The blow on the head must have killed hi, and the dead alone are the people who tell no tales. Now let me see. He has been missed before this. It is quite possible that no ona will take any particular notice of his movements, or he may have told the landlord of the B3lairwood Arms something." fHe mused for a while, concluding : " And if he is traced here and the body Is found, I am afraid that our young gamekeeper will fare badly. He has uttered some ugly threats against Kemp, and was sooeen yesterday in the village public.house the worse for liquor. He had boasted of his meeting with the butler, and has killed the wrong mhn." The earl laughed hollowly and poured out a glass half full of brandy, which lhe drained at a gulp. He had never thought it possible that his nerves would be upaet. He had ar ranged the crime coolly enough; he had committed it expeditiously and neatly, but the horror of It was only joust becom. uing apparent. Another glass of brandy inflamed him with a species of false bravado. He be. gan to dream of complete success. That day would see him the husband of the loveliest girl in Christendom, and the heiress to a comfortable fortune. sHe chuckled when he thought of the will which he had caused to be stolen, and which was safely reposing in his own desk. The theft had materially increased his power over Miss Sterne-it had has toned the death of Mr Vallance, and in dlrectly made him a co-trdeitee of the estate of Blalrwood Paerk. " And I learned nothing from Zeba," he thought--"'nothing. The crone pre tended so much that I was bound to burnr the hut and all it contained about her ears. I hairve had but one fear, and that was that I might be forestalled by Campbell; for he alone was guilty of ransacking the safe in Sir John's bed. room. Well, my fide friend, it has been a battle of wits; but, after the wedding, ivhich takes place ~t.day, you will be worated beyond recovery." He was already fully dressed, and, opening a window, he stepped out, and strolled towards the Long Walk. In some way 'it had ian irresistible attraction for him... fWhen issured that no one could ob. Berve his mibvements, he increased his pace. not piuilng until he reached the o the bref struggle. . There was beeitoiy. ."tds eieg t nshow that anything unusaoa nsd takhn plabcethat a murder had been cohi'raltted. A half-sioked cigar hay ki'the path, but the Long Walk was the rdnderivobus pof the servants, male and female, when lobvingly inclined, arid the men amoked 'digars. He glanced in the direction of the well, shuddered, and turned back towards the house. UIe found that Kemp had just arrived with the letter-bag, and glanced at him out of the corners of his eyes with an anxiety that almost betrayed itself. "Inset Stretton in the village; my lord," the butler observed. "Indeed I' Els lordship paled a little under his sallow skin. "Was he as threatening as usual I" "He did not speak, my lord, and I don't knew what to make of the look that ho gave ~se. He was not in drink, ahnd seemed spruced op smiart enough." "Give him rope, Kemp, and he 'will hang himself," remarked the earl, sen tentldusly. Left to himself, he opened the letter. bag, and, to his reli, found only. one letter addressed to himself. ItPwas from Grant, and postmarked l'aris. "LThe devil," muttered mhy lord,'as he tore it open. It co0islsted of one sheet of paper con taining no address. Ins the centre these words were scribbled: " It may not be too late to draw back. Nemesis is close upon your heels. Be warned in time. An awful oath left ,ny lord's lips A he toro the letter md in fagments. H did not know that James Grant had disposed of all his worldly goods and fled to the Continent. He breakfasted alone, and the meal consisted of one cup of black coffee, strongly flavored with brandy--the strongest Cognac. At nine o'clock Lady Helena joined him. Her ladyship was la a flutter of excitement. "Elsie is dressed," she ~ald. "cI have told her that you wish to acco ar her to London, and in a eistllo pany thetic way she expressed her wlsi pa. to go, but would far soener lie down again.' His evil face glowed. "The carriage will be ready at ten ," he said. " Kemp andmyman will Precede usne. I wish it were overt 0e hour- two hours, at the most-and it seems an oternityl" The clock ticked off the stecends, the minutes, and he paced to and fro. Ever unusual sound congealed the blood Ie hIs heart. He shivered, and thenlnughsdat his folly, He believed that there was no one to fear except Captain IPker He might arrive at an inopporthe 0 I ment, and my lord had inwardly r5lped to drug him. Nothing should stSnd ~ his path now. Ten o'clock I Lie rushed upatairs to bathe his h and face, and when he came dosn a a footman was handing Miss Sterne 1 Lady,. Helena into the carriage. Het e his place opposite to them, his smon?ld r ing black eyes eagerly noting every Ii of Elsie's pale but lovely face. " You are not well, Miss Sterne,'b said, softly. "No, I am:not well," Elsio replied, raising her eyes languidly. "It iL im possible for me to keep awaske more than a few mlnates together, and my memo,? is almost a blank. I wonder why Annetto stayse away so long ?" He took one of her unresisting hands between his, and is the carriage rolled1 away she closed her eyes in slumber. "There will be no' trouble," he whis. pered. "Her willis powerless tocombat mine, and Lawson understands that we are to be pronounced man and wifoe in any event." As the aririgo passed the rectory my lord nearly fainted with fright. What face was that at one of thE windows e Whose face was it? "Will It ever be before mea" he thought. " I am as weak as a child." The carriagoe drew up at one of the side doors of the church, and Kemp was in immediate attendance. Miss Sterne was assisted to alight by Lady Holena, and when she gazed wonderingly about her, he explained that they had business with the new rector. Elsie suspected nothing until she was standing at the altar rail, and her eyes dilated with horror. "Take me away !" she cried. " What does this mean "' The earl ground his teeth with rage that the clergyman was not there to meet them, and he commanded the old verger, who was hovering about with an imbecile smile on his face, to fetch Mr Lawson at once. "I am here, my lord," tile clergyman said, entering the church from his vestry, and there was a look on his face that Somorton never forgot. "I am here to save this poor child from you, fiend that you are I" Somerfon paused one moment to make reply, but the words froze upon his lips. He was looking beyond the clergyman towards the vestry, and Elsie darted forward with a shriek of joy. CHAPTER XLV11. THE PA.RTY AT TnE SCxuro!Y. Within the space of five minutes three cabs dashed up the long drive that inter. vcones between the Waterloo- road and Waterloo railway station. It was barely half-past 7 o'c!ock in the morning, and the horses wero fresh, while the crispuess In the air seemed to make the blood of both animals and drivers bound joyously in their veins. The fact that the cabbies had made so excellent a start in their day's work easy have had something to do with thor good temper and jovial chaffing. From theilirst cab sprang Noel Camp. bell, and aftr a hasty glance round he assisted his iother to alight. He had hrdly time to take her to a waiting-roor then up dashed cab No. 2, depositing qr John Sterne, looking ten years younger than he had on the pre. ceding evenag, and his faithful valet, Markham. i "' He's gotivonderful powers of recupe ration," whistered Markham to Noel, as Sir John staspeda his feet vigorously on the pavemen;, "and this time, God be willing, there's moth!ug to eat his heart out again." "Noel, my nehew," the baronet said, holding thelyo:pg man's hand firmly, "you whom I lave hated with a fierce intensity have gbved yourself to be my best friend, Hlaven forgive me for being so easily misle;-for being so ready to think evil of ot'rs. And let me say here, Noel-let me ~g it while none are near who cannot unnsratand the eternal bond between us-il me say that I haove cruelly wronga you, my boy, and .behg your forgivoues. You are a noble fellow I Now, where isyour mother I" He asked thquestionalmost brusquely, and the old re rushed into the tell-tale scar osihis clek. " In thereunele," Noel said, pointing to a waltinroom. "Deal gently with her. She i o:bnly a woman, and your sister." "She ia your mother," replied Sir John. "Ist me forget that she is my sister. Bt there l"-ho brushed his hand acroe; his eyes. "We are all but human, an. to be human is to be frail. I have beendard-hcarted and stupid. Let me confessmy cruelty. What right had I tr withhdd what I promised my father on his doetibed to allow his only daugh ter Shti tasted to my honor; and in my ange.cny weakness because ahe would not'b cbntrolled by me-instead of makinu oour mother's annuity five thousand d ear, I punished her with onoe.fifth ofi i. But every penny, withll compound insrest, is invested for her sole use andhbnefit. A handy little sum, my boy, amonutlng to upwards of a hun dred thousari pounds. That villain Grant knew il about it. He may well have reason t cale me." He turned ?ruptly, and walked into the waiting-ros, softly closing the door behind him. What pass c between brother and sister was onl kidowvn to the angels, but Sir John naerged a little later, his face very much Isftened, and Mrs Camp bell's eyes were wet wtlh tears. By this tinde Captain Parker was stamplng aboat tho platform, while MIrs Parker and the excited Annotte were pouring a het fre of words into the ears of Noel Jarnpbell and Markham. Then Noel ~senta off a lengthy telegram to Mr Lawsos, the new rector of Blair wood, and ptrchasaed the tickets, while Markham enraged one compartment for the seven pa;engers. During thdjourney Sir John was pro pared by NcOl for several changes at Blairwood. For the first time he heard of the death d Zoba, and the sudden and fatal illness (s Mr Vallance. "Firm in the conviction that the papers left ir his care by you had been stolen by the connivance of the Earl of Somerton and Grant for their own evil ends, I entered your private room-aware that you had left the originals of the documents in the care of Mr Vallance-I entered at midnight, and secured them for the purpose of circumventing the scoundrels should necessity arise. They are in my brief bag, which I have here intact." "And this is how the earl came to assume control of my property,'" Sir John niurmured, his moustacho bristling with anger. "Aha, my lord; there is a sur prise in store for you. What can Lady Helena Freeman be thinking about P' "She is the earl's ally, Sir John," broke in Annetto, with spirit. There were two closed carriages await. lng them at Blairwood Station, one of which was driven by William Stretton, end the other by Landlord Bingloy. The lance that Stretton gave Annoetto relieved aer gentle heart of many forebodings. ".Whero are you taking us I' asked y051. '-' To the rectory, sir," replied St.retton. Mr Lawson--" "All right. For the present we are in Ir Lawaon's hands." -At the rectory gate the clergyman was railing for the party bare.headed, and romptly aeized Sir John by the hand, aying: "The telegram that came this morning, vith the news that you were on your way some, filled me with a delight that no ords can express, Sir John. I have not eonu you for twenty years, and you may ht remember me. I am Harold Lawson, 'A man who married you and Miss 1ecr n in India. Come. There Is another r,?,t surprise for you." ail e party followed him Into the front Shgreoom, h and, having requested them uear hlm out as time was short, he ged Into the whole history of the 'hSonmerton's schemes. ?al5'Y cannot we go direct to the -?? Noel demanded, warmly. " Why in yl cousin be left one instant a , th man's power than is neces. rsT, 1Od spoll our plans," MIr Lawson diti~andt my lord will be here Ster dth his intended bride. Miss ther~sre b nothing of his intentions; guah ' ow safe from mental an HBo glanced at his watch, and cont!. nued: "Lord Somerlon, in addition to his other crimes, attempted to murder Mr Castoleon last night. Indeed, Mr Castle mon would have been suffocated at the bottom of the old well in the Long Walk hlad tnot young Stretton, the gamekeeper, rescued lhim at the risk of his own neck." "Where is Castlemon 1" demanded Sir John, a little harshly, the scar growing a fiery red. "I am here," was the sadlyspoken reply, and J'ames Castlemon limped painfully.into the room, his head and face swathed ia bandages. All eyes were turned upon him, and Sir John started to his feet, saying "Heaven forgive you, Castlemon I We wore friends once. Hlow could you have tortured and bled me all these years? Toll me that Campbell-my sister's huos band-still live !' Castlemon's eyes were tixed upon Mrs Campbell; then, sauddenlly; pushing one of the bandages back from his face, he cried "Do you not know moe i It is I, Harry Campbetll,. in very truth I Castlemon died many ycars since, of fever, in the jungle, after deserting the army. Nos, can you understand my revengoe I stand before you in dust and asheas. My shame is more thau 1 can beat ; but, if God spa.res me, I wiill lead a now life for the enduring faith of my injured wife, for the priceless gift of so toblo a son." - "Oh, Harry I" cried his wife. "I cared for you through it all; * will not desert you now " She clung to him, while his tears fell on her upturned face. Noel was startled, but hl stepped for. ward, saying boldly, for he saw that Sir John had averted his face "Father, if I did not stand by you now, I should be an unnatural craven ln. deed I" "I do not deserve this," murmured Captain Campbll. " I never understood the meaning of love until now. Sir John and I were always enemies and rivals. We have done each other many bitter wrongs in the past; but the crime of conspiring to ruin the fair fame of his wife, and those that should bear is name, by a mock marriage, is unpardonable. I make no excuse ; the scheme was mine and Caotlemon's, because we hated Sir John. We mot Mr Lawson at a gaming. table, and, attracted by his glib tongue and knowledge of biblical quotations, we taxed him with being a parson, but he strongly denied it, though he confessed to having studied for the Church." "I was ashamed of being seen in so wicked a place," the clergyman inter posed, "though I had beeoon driven by lack of funds to try my lack." "Then it was," proceeded Campbell, "that our scheme began to ripen. We confided in Lawsona; but I'llacknowledge that we did not obtain his consent until he had been paid fifty rupees and had a promise of fifty more when his work was done. In a few days an expected up rising of the natives took place and we seized that opportunity to get Sir John and the girl that he had cheated us both of to go through a marriage ceremony that was to be in reality no marriage at all. Our colonel had been killed, and his daughter, who was atfianced to Sir John, needed protection, Ido not think that I need dwell longer upon this horrible subject. Only let me say how thankful I am to Heaven that MIr Lawson deceived us, and was after all a properly ordained mninister. To me there hare been long years of bitter--bitter remorse." For a moment he was shaken with emotion. "'In self-vindication," put In the clergymau, " let nse say that before join ing 1m the shameful plot, I made full in quiries about Sir Joihn Sterne and Miss Mervin, and knew that no harm could result from a legal marrliage between them. Then thle affair entirely escaped my memory for years." Suddenly Sir John spoke. "'I have beeon terribly puuished, but am by no means blameless. It is true that Campbell and I hated each other as young men. But let it be forgotten. When I discovered the fancied wrong that had been done to me and my little child, I was not responsible for my actions. I sessched high and low for Campbell and Castlemon, with murder in my heart. At !length I heard that Campbell had fallen in battle, and L re solved to mutilato his deal body, or finishl him, if any life were left. My unerring instinct guided me to him. He was half buried among a heap of slain. I flashed my sword in his face and ha begged for mercy, lie was parched with fever's burning thirst. Satisfied that ho was dying, I laughed at him, wishcd him a speedy journey to a darker world, and left him." He held out his hand to Camupbell and added: "I believo that I deserved your hate, but I forgivfre all for my sister's sake."' Captain Campbell wams too overcome to reply, but he grasped Sir John's out stretched hand, not lotting go until MIr Lawson exclaimed "The butler and Lord Somerton's valet have gone Into the church. The earl Is not far behind." Even as he spoke the Park carriago appeared at the foot of the hill, and as it passed the rectory, Captain Canmpbell stood at the window by the side of Sir John. "The accursed scoundrol l" muttered the baronet. "I saw his yellow face as the carriageo pased !?" For a moment the clergyman left the room, but came back saying "Follow me to the vestry, please, through the passage that communicates with the rectory. Mlake as little noise as possible." The whole party obeyed, oni the very tiptoe of expectation, Sir John leaning on the arm of Markham, and Captain Campbell walking betwein hIis son and wife. Captain Parker could do little elsa but give vent to ejaculations that had better be left out of print, while his wife and Annette brought up the roar. They passed into the vestry, and it required the restrainsng shasn of IMr Law. son to stay Sir John from rushing for ward, and attacking Somertan, whom he could seeo half-supporting the beautiful Elsie at the altar rail. " Where Is IMr Lawsaon !" the voice of Somerton demanded, angrily. "I ant here, my lord," was thie reply, as he advanced. "lIam hero to save this poor child from you, fiend that you are 1" Then it was that the earl's blazing eyes rested upon Sir John and the party crowding into the doorway; then It was (Co ;wzd , n Ne.a Page.) that ElsIle sprang into her father's arms with a cry of joy. CHKAPTER XLVIII. ELYSIUM. Quick to think and to act, Lord Somerton knew that he was cornered that there was not a ghost of a chance for the success of his scheme of making Elsie Sterne his wife. He could not under stand how he had been so cleverly hood winked, or how the man he knew as Castlemon had escaped from the well, And hero was Sir John Sterne, whom he had believed to ba dying thousands of miles away-here he was nack at Blair. wood, and apparently in improving health. "I owe this to Grant, curse him I" he thought. "I understand his warning now I He has beaten me with my own weapons. If I ever meet him again, it is his life or mine 1' "My lord," Captain Campbell said, "1 will not now press yon for the payment you promised, and I give you credit for knowing in your own mind that I was not Castlemon, but Harry Campbell. When I betrayed my knowledge that you were a murderer, I knew that you would try to kill me, and was prepared for yenou. The man upon whom you intended to shift the crime was present, and saved me from the well. I do not know if it is Sir John's intention to punish you for druggling and kidnapping his daughter, but while forgiving you for assaulting me, 1 intend informing the police of what I saw In the Park on the night that Zebh'a cottaoe was destroyed." " Your accomplice, Urant has nea, re marked Sir John. " I would advise you to do the same. You are a young man, clever, wealthy, and of the highest social rank, but your future is blasted by your own wicked and unscrpulous mind. Though you richly deserve it, It would be inexpressibly painful to have your agony intensified by a weary trial before a gaping crowd, and we agree to give you twenty-four hours in which to leave the country you have disgraced and dis honored." "As much to escape an expose of your own scandal as lenience towards me," sneered the abject wretch. "There is no scandal in Sir John's life," interrupted the clergyman. "I am the man who conducted the ceremony which made Miss Sterne's mother a legal wife. You have been Imposed upon In every way." " There was a touch of sarcasm in 1?r Lawson's tones, and with a fierce impte cation Lord Somerton turned and hurried away-out of their lives for ever, with Kemp, the pompous butler, and his valet following close behind. What terms they: made with him for services rendered will never be known. Meanwhile Lady Helena had fainted, and recovered at least half a dozen times. The expected annuity had melted away, and she did not at all relish the manner in which Sir John regarded her. At last she fell sobbing at his feet, and was told to leave Blairwood Park that very day. " You shall not face the world penni less," Sir John said "but I will not have one element of discord under my roof an instant longer than is necessary. Go to some hotel or just whatever you please, and I will send you a cheque for five hundred pounds. After that I wash my hands of you, ungrateful woman that you are !" The party left the church and entered the carriages that had returned from the Blairwood Arms, and so great was the joy upon every face that any passing stranger would have vowed that there had been a happy wedding. At the last moment, however, Noel ex pressed a desire to walk. with Elsie to the Park rather than ride, because the exercise and the sweet, fresh air would help to banish the lingering effects of the narcotic that still clung to her system. Upon this Annette suggested that she should ride on the box beside Stretton. She did not mind it a bit--in fact, she would enjoy it. The requests of the young people were smilingly granted, and, when they were alone:Noel caught Elate to his breast in a mad, passionate embrace. "Oh, my darling," he said, "I can hardly believe that all this is real yet I But yesterday we were in darkness and pain, and now Heaven itself is opened to us, and we are bidden to enter." She answered him with a kiss and a happy sigh, and they walked together, clinging tightly all the way until they came to the embowered lawn, which Noel called the "Court of Love." Again did they recount all that was beautiful in tle past, but the most bliss ful moments that memory recalled paled before the exquisite joy of the shining present. Though the reader may anticipate pretty accurately what became of the people who have played their parts in this story, he or she would feel a little dissatisfied if the author neglected to chronicle the actual facts in black and white, so I will gather up the threads and lay them before you. Lord Somerton took the advice of Sir John, and fled to the Continent; but, not in accordance with Sir John's advice, he was breathing vengeance against Grant, whom he still believed had duped him. He searched for the lawyer for many weeks, and met him at last accidentally, to be shot dead on the instant by the man whom he was seeking. There was no malice or premeditated intent to kill in the lawyer's act. He was simply frenzied by fear, after being chased Sover Europe by a man who had sworn to take hi life. Then Grant disappeared nohn knew whither. -..U I The blow was i severe one to the pride of his wife and stepdaughter ; but Adeline Cleveland consoled herself by marrying an aged and impecunious lord, who gave to her the shelter of a dignified name in lie if ready cash. The gentlemanly Mr Kemp was forced o leave Blairwood somewhat hastily To his disgust, he was paid his claim Igainst William Stretton in full, and say his hated rival reinstated as head game. :eeper. Then the banns were read at church by the clergyman, and there was so much malice in his heart that a little of it bubbled from his mouth. This reached the ears of people who had had reason to dislike him, and on the very day that Stretton and Annette were mar. ried, the gentlemanly Mr Kemp was tarred and feathered by a few who had feasted not wisely but too well. He fled, and never came back again. Meanwhile Sir John had adjusted his accounts with the readjustment of his mind, the result being that an accumn lation due to his sister, amounting to up wards of a hundred thousand pounds, was transferred in a proper and legal manner, and to the satisfaction of all parties, with the reservation that he deducted every fraction of the money paid to Captain Campbell when he was known as James Castlemon. This was insisted upon by the captain himself, who settled down as a model husband, and industriously em ployed himself to the shrewd 'investment if his wife's unexpected wealth. And all this while Noel had been work 'ng slavishly, his time being about equally divided between his studio in London and Blairwood Park. In five months he had painted half-a dozen portraits, and the picture that was o make his fame and fortune had been accepted by the Academy. With this great news he arrived unex pected at the Park one morning, and i3r John greeted him with a merry laugh; 1" Here again 1" he said. "Noel, my boy, Ithlnk that you had better set up your atudio here. If yeo are not con sumed with impatience ito go In search of Elsie, I would like to say a few words to vou." "I am listening, uncle; but pray don't e long. I have grand ntwe myself. My ,st picture is accepted, aid I-" 4" Well, well I I will bebrlef. You and leie are to be married nixt month, and is allthis will be yourd and hers one day, you must not take my ewe lamb away from me. I am anbld man--mauch older than my years, andI want a young head and strong handd t, help me in the management of my estat. 1 love Elasie, even as much as ypou dc-In a different way. I love you, lad, b:aue- n" Tears gathered inhis eyes, and Noel grasped his hands.i "Uncle," he said, ?"our will is our law in these thlngs. I should hate to take my darling aw4l from you, and nothing will please us better thaun---" "Better than wla'tm?" interrupted Elsie, suddenly entesig the room, her face radiantly lovely vith the great hap piness that had come hlo her life. "Why, nothing wll please us better than to make our homni' ere after we are married, sweetheart," Noel concluded, laughingly, as he kis d her blushing face. " It is papa's win, darling." Elsie ran to her fther's arms and kissed him.fondly, saylr: " I never want to leai ou, dear papa -never I" "Only for a little whi:e You must have a nice honeymoon," he diled. "And that reminds me that theri sa big box of wedding presents for yo from Captain Parker and his wife, w that I am satisfied I will.leave you o your love making. I see that Mr Las on Is coming across the lawn." Sir John left them togeaer to that tn effable bliss which the true nd the tried :onl koudw. (THE ENDJ 