INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. [From Melbourne Papers.] VICTORIA. BALLARAT, June 15. Last night the residents of Alfredton thought they had captured two of the "ghosts" that have latterly been seen m Ballarat and the suburbs. Captain Stanley Low, A D C to the Commandant, raised the alarm, as the inttuders were in the grounds of his father in law, Sir Henry Cuthbert, but when the police arrived it was found that the supposed phantoms were two Indian hawkers in gorgeous attire. At the City Court to-day the dusky pedlars were each fined 7/6 for tres- passing on the ground of the Solicitor- General, but they said they had no money to pay the penalties, and they were removed to goal. The scare has extended to the Buninyong district. At Mount Clear on Sunday night a young man, when returning homeward along a lonely track, encountered a tall ob- ject, with wings. The "Phantom," the young man informed the police, performed a kind of step dance After gazing at the figure for some seconds he collapsed with fright, from the effects of which he has not yet recovered. BENDIGO, June 15. After discussing the A.N.A. art union and balance-sheet at some length to- night, the local branch of the association carried the following resolution :—" That this branch requests the Board of Directors to withdraw the right extended to the metro- politan committee to hold any celebration of which an art union shall form a part; and that they appoint a sub-committee to thoroughly investigate and report upon the reasons that so small a proportion of the proceeds of the late fete are available for charitable distribution. KILMORE, June 15. A young man named William Skinner had a miraculous escape from very serious injuries at Glenaroua the other day. He was engaged in driving a mob of cattle along the road to High Camp Plain, when a tired calf laid down on the road. Skinner went to its assistance, when the mother of the calf rushed at him, pinning him to the ground with her horns. A cattle dog witnessing the occurrence began a savage attack on the cow's legs, and succeeded in attracting her attention for a time, enab- ling Skinner to reach a place of safety. MARYBOROUGH, June 13. A summons was to-day issued by Henry Goldsmith, a miner, of Maldon, against the South German Reef Co., claiming £3,000 damages. In August last, Goldsmith and a mate named Guymer were employed at the mine, when a fall of stone injured the former and killed the latter, whose wife, last month, recovered £1,000 damages for the loss of her husband, before Judge Gaunt. SERPENTINE, June 15. A beautiful monument has been erected in the Inglewood Cemetery to the memory of the late Mr. D. Coutts, M.L.C., who for many years was one of the representatives for the North-Western Province in the Upper House. WARRNAMBOOL, June 15. The Merri drainage works were discon- tinued on Tuesday, owing to a flood in the river, 40 men being thrown out of em- ployment. An embankment had been erected across the river to enable the bed to be deepened and widened, but the water burst through the embankment, submerging the lower portions of the river, where the reclamations works were being carried out, swept over the low-lying land in the vicinity, and cleared away a large bank of sand which had blocked the outlet into the sea. The Government overseer has communicated with the department, and he anticipates that when the waters subside the men will be able to resume their work. BRUTHEN, June 13. To-day Mitchell & Co.'s teams began carting the dredging plant for the Living- stone Creek Co. to Omeo. There are 160 tons to be carted. Three teams are en- gaged. Messrs. Mitchell & Co. have the contract for conveying the mails from Bairnsdale to Omeo. BLACKWOOD, June 15. Dr. E. W. Plews, one of the oldest identities of the early digging days, died yesterday. After acting at the Melbourne Hospital for a short time, he, in the early fifties, proceeded to Castlemaine, where he established himself as a leading medical practitioner. He was also appointed coroner for the district, which was then a large one, extending as far as Bacchus Marsh. He then went to Fryer's Creek, thence to Newbury rush, and subse- quently to Blackwood, where he resided for 35 years. CASTERTON, June 15. The Portland Freezing Co. has had a representative travelling in this district to learn the reason of the great falling off in the supply of rabbits to that factory. He ascertained that Melbourne firms are offer- ing a higher price, owing to the Depart- ment of Agriculture freezing the rabbits at considerably less than it costs the country factories. A Hindoo named Nundah Singh has been arrested for a serious assault on Iser Singh. The case was adjourned for a week. GEELONG, June 15. The site of the Geelong lock-up in Moora- bool-street was put up for sale on Wednes- day in two lots, at an upset price of £30 per foot. One lot, with a frontage of 16ft., adjoining the Savings Bank,-was bought on behalf of the trustees of that institution, at the upset price, the land being required for the extension of the banking premises. No offer was made for the second lot, which has a frontage of 50ft. to the main thorough- fare. 