THE ANTI-BILUOUS BOGIES. It is curious to look ,bftOk at this late hour on the war-cries 1 -5i tho N.S.W. anti-Billious party of eight months ago and consider bow these serviceable whoops have mostly dropped out of eight aod remembrance. In those days Pumpkin Suiitb fell cn a terrifying hol low turnip with a lighted candle therein to the effect tbat un er the Convention Bill N S.W. would have to he!p pay Victoria's bounties. The Bill said nothing about tbat, and if it bad been true it followed naturally ibnt Victoria UiUBt help to pay N.S.W.'s bounties — the ones that are grauted in aid of the mining industry ; still it was a very ul- trmiiig turnip at the moment ami Sjdney ,l Daily Telegiaph' played it f^r all it was worth ; aijd n dnubtless helpnd a little 'o raise the 66.000 anti- Billions minority of the 3rd June. But since then neither Parlamsnt nor the Reid Ministry, nor the ' Telegrai h,' nor Pumpkin Sraitb has asked that this dismal ghost shall be taken out of tbe Bill — for the sufficient reason that tbey know it was never there. The 'Telegraph' complained (leading article,' 26tb May, '98) that the Convention Bill would be praotically rninons to tbe Newcastle coal industry (presumably be cause it wonid compel Tasmania and Queensland to admit N.S.W. coal free, where it is now shat oat by heavy i duties), and it pointed out that Federa tion won d mean the destruction of N.S.W. freetrade. There is nothing in the proposed amendments to make freetrade any safer than it was before, or to help the Newcastle coal industry ; and both these bogies appear to have perished miserably by the wayside. The mongrel little 'Star' complained among other things in its issue of 2nd June that — All the burden ot taxation will ultimntely be thrown on the people of this colony (N.S.W.) The electors of N.S.W. part with tlie power, as a colony, of raising any revenue by either customs or excise. All bounties imposed before June 30 have to be paid by the Commonwealth. All these alleged dangers are left by tbe N.S.W. Parliament's proposed amend ments exactly where they were, and tbe Star is a dumb dog, price Id., and has never once appealed to the Legislature to demand that the awtul things it said were in the Bill should be summarily thrown out. Then Attorney-General Jack Want called on the people to re ject the Bill because an alleged Referen dum bad been ' kicked out' of it ; yet when the amendments came before the N.S.W. Council he assured that august but stupid body that be didn't want any Referendum, and the Counoil fired it out with enthusiasm. Heydon, M.L.C., shouting promiscuously at Glen Innes, told the public what was wanted was that each province should collect its own customs revenue, and that the banding over of the customs to tbe Federal authority meant un speakable disaster, yet Heydon didn't believe sufficiently in bis own spectre to even propose bis own gieat retnedv when tbe subject came up in the House wbere he and tbe other dull-witted Tories do congregate. Tbe Federal amendments submitted by N.S.W. Parliament hardly touch any of tbe grievances alleged by the old anti-Billious gang, and not one of the anti-Billites has raised a protest against tbe idea of leaving all these alleged grievances unredressed. One theory is tbat Heydon and Want and Pumpkin Smith and their press organs knew all along tbat these dreadful things were never in the Draft Coestitution at at all ; which would quite explain why tbey don't demand their removal. The other is tbat they really think they are in the Constitution, and want tbem to remain there — so that tbey caiuse them as an excuse for denouncing the next Federal scheme as tbey did tha last one. — ' Bulletin.' 