HEW TALE ®F ft TUB. By Mrs Harry CoghilL İ "I Bayo heard mirny ghost stories," said toy grand-aunt Ma^y, "and I don't belief in any of tli&ui; ..Theyjare mostly 6i1}y and purposeless, and evidently made •np; "but one story 'thatjbu inav call a g&ost; stoiy' if you like.' ¥;jB-in tell you, for I—I lived through it myself." Tlien she told us itlii!s : story:--r ' - "Well, dears, wlien I was a girl," it Wasn't the fashion! for fbride and bridegroom to ltIsjj away," r the minute they were married, froni all their kind friends and well-wishers, and go -wandering together all over the world, relying on the tender mercies -of hotel-keepers - -and chamber-maids for their comfort,-seeing ^ notfii'ng buT gtrau|^--Cacesf with »o one to (?peuk to but themselves, taking, if seems to ine, itoe -^eSt possible way to grow, tired of each other. No, if they w^nt away at all, they, took some ©1 the. •wedding guests away with them, ana went to a friend V house - somewhere within a drive. very likely - that had been made warmand c-omrortable for them beforehand. ' . . "When my cousin, Eveline Burke, was married, to Dick Marchmont, it was ar- Tsszed that her two bridesmaids, my ecu sin North and myself, giddy young si'omen of seventeen and eighteen, shoula jrewith them to D—, a country house tj^onginjrto tHe Mai-chmohtSy as I was iold* When there are> several estates in the family, all, except the favored one, are apt to get somewliat neglected and, become mesre .storehouses of old pic- ! tu^es and tapestries and.lumbers of all; binds that would clash sadly with the toore modern furniture and appliances of the actual family seat These extraneous tiorues are jgenerally presided over by:; an old housekeeper^ gradually grows as yellow and musty as the parcli- •aients in the muniment room, and as faded and decayed as the, tapestries on the walls. But there was not even a* Housekeeper-at . .Tlie gardener, who lived in the grounds,, and neither dug nor delved,. anCa.lOTMjcy who had no washingto !do.!gave. it. a*, -eve now and then. . However, Dick's -uncle, the present head of the family, was anxious to lend Mm the bouse for tip honeymoon, assuring him that it only, wanted 'airing' a bit and that ©ick, however desperately in love he might be with Eveline, would be glad ot the excellent fishing afforded by the lake in 1 the park—after the first few days. ' "Dick; of J^ucsc reputed tliis tliepry-s any place-would suit" him so bad ETveline; but he gratefully accepted the loan of D—^ as it happened to be ^bn^eniently near the Burkes', and should aHow^bim and his bride to take part in the festivities given in their Honor, and yet teach tUeir temporary tome before nightfall. -,' - * I •'> "Norah and I, who were tb go with them, rather enjoyed the idea of having rambling old country house all to ourselves—for we hardly counted Dick'and Eveline—an old, romantic mansion, te* plete witli every ancient discomfort, to reverse the saying. We were a little, aisappointed when we heard there wlas floVghost, and, though it was in Ireland, ept the very remotest chance moonlighters. However, we flattered ourselves we should enjoy our 'honeymoon,' as we persisted in calling it, for tvre- were devoted to each other, and the ephemeral attachment of Dick' and Eve- Ime was. nothiug toour strong and lasting passion. We meant to be friends jail our lives, and we were not. at. all anxious for the advent of the detachment of our household party who volunteered to come'down in a day or two and fceep us amused. "Early on the mornine of ilie jwedd.n** <}ay three or four servants were sent off iwith our luggage, tor make the bouse- Oick. Norab.anda^^got-jnto a -chats and? away, ire went with; - four . borses oyer'roails that a wachnian^ ^uowaflays .would think, too -bad "Jfoi; anything but a country waggon. "It was a long, long drive, and,, though we bad started in tearing spirits, we got dreadfully tired, not to say cross, in tlie course of four mortal hours' jolting.' " It (was quite dark when we "turned into a gloomy avenue of beech trees, but on approaching the house we could just «iake out, against the red sky, the great gaunt boughs of a tree.that looked as if 4t had been struck by lightning. I don't suppose any of us thought it odd that the drive was grass-grown, the gate unbolted, the tree hot cut down—we were not particular in Ireland in those days! ,Tlie windows of the house shone like burning-glasses in the sunset, so that at ferst I thought the house was on fire. fThe hall door stood open, it was all friendly and hospitable—and casual! Our servants were all hidden about the bouse like rabbits in their burrows, and .tie hall was absolutely empty as we came in, but they had lit a real good peat fire, and a good thing, too, for there Mas the most dreadful, all- pervading fijnell of damp about the place you can tSSDceive. ''Norah and I opened at least a dozen doors each before we thought of taking joff our bonnets and pelisses, or sitting jdown to the supper prepared for us. We (stopped to look out of the window at tlie lake -that lay gloomily a few feet away, the water just gleaming green and blue undo:-the last faint streaks of twilight. It was melancholy; the ^stricken tree iwas melancholy, the wash of the water . iWas melancholy. 'I'm rather glad there is-no ghost!' said Norftfi, slipping her JUand into mine. - r ^ben we supped, and held each other's hands under the table, just like •Dick sihd Eveline; and at nine o'clock, when we had 'got rid of them,' as we put it, we went -up to the large "bedroom that had been assigned to us. It was oak-panelled. It was gloomy, it had a farge four-post bed, hung with chintz of a faded pattern, and would have held four such slips of girls as Nox-ah and me. ffbere was an immense' chimney, like another room, and- a horrid cupboard at "one end—'Just the place for a ghost I' murmured Norah, fcheerfully. "W e began to discuss things — everything, jn fact, as young girls will. Oar eyes' were heavy with sleep, but we rubbed them; our feet grew cold and we spanned them at the fire. There was a clock somewhere far. away that struck ifche quarters, and we enjoyed hearin; the time go, and made up our minds to sit up till twelve, like grown-up people. 'Twelve began to strike at last. That clock bad a strange, hollow sound. 'I am really and truly glad there is no ghost,' Norah had said for the third time just before it began to strike. 'It .would have happened at the stroke of itwelve whatever it was! It always does.' "At Sax* she shivered a little, at 'eight' she grasped my hand, at 'ten' she half elosed-jiereyeaand whispered. 1 'Something is', coming!'• v'^Konsenser. began; but the non came on the last stroke, and I never got fco sense, for a series of-astonishing and perfectly dreadful shrieks ran through the, bouse. We innocent -country girls fcafl Tjever heard anything worse than a pig's squeal or a lamb's bleat, but this was the real thing and- no mistake. It ttfas the yell of a man in agonv; it was feVery" possible kind of human noise th.it could be evoked by terror. Groans— eaojpis- : =crios—then along the passace the : — strange, lumbering noise, asr s If some heavy -thing were being rotted or dragged-slowly along.On it^erme. ^iearer and nearer, and there feeemed to be with it a sound of footsteps and a strange, intermittent jingling noise. We felt the floor jar under our feet -with the weight that moved over the boards outside. Onr door was close to the head of a little staircase—we knew what must happen; Ve heard the bump bump of the thing, whatever "it was, being rolled carefully down the steps. There were thirty steps; we counted thirty bumps, that seemed to beat on our very hearts. Then there was a silence; we remembered there was a door at the bottom of the staircase— not that we had ever opened it; it seemed to lead into some) cellar—and fNtf|ih sprang forward and bolted the.-door §of our a-oomHnstead gof ipfiei$iig#t to lee what wast here. lifcfe aflittle coward t$at she was!--•-• - -•' : ' * I, for one, was no bolder. We both were shivering as we had never shivered <jn the coldest winter night, and our teetii chattered like castanets. In the increased gleam of our two candles, as they flared up before going out, I saw her? pale face, and knew mine was as pale, as ; hers.;. "I have heard of people's hair turning grey in one night from fear ; I. suppose we' wen* too young for that, but when ahe: aawn came and -found us lying on Sthe-bed-just as we had at last fallen asleep in our ciotkes,.we,jn,ust ha|B looked very unlike the two healthy gtrls wno had come there only twelve hours before- Our old servant came in and- scold-, ed us for not going to bed prdpefly. and; perfectlv conscious of our woe-begone looks, and feeling as important as^persons: who hare liad a long and painful illness, we went down to breakfast. "Dick and Eveline, who had evidently heard nothing!., would not take our story seriouslv at all, but alluded to fried beans and bacon the night before. Then they shut themselves up in a kind of morning room tllat had been rigged for Eveline, and we" wandered miserably about till the evening, when my eldest cousin, Walter, and Ms wife Ursula came down to D—. We told our sad story afresh, of course. After our short -uneasy sleep of the. night before, we looked ghastly enough.to make them believe we really, hid gonexthiough something! ^Walter and Uisula had been married a couple of years and were not so wrapped up in themselves, as jDick and' Eveline. They helped us. to .make a thorough search. One of the rooms, in onr corridor had lifeen made ready L.for tlie n^rCcSna'S, . and i lbok^ Jis' little ghostiy-as- • posSiWe. s The j5&er; at the fiuv end was 4 jperfectJy ordinary, but ciieeriess room, built at such an angle that it never got any sun, but not otherwise disagreeable. For this reason, and also on account of its close, ; mildewy smellyno one^ixad ^chosen ; it,;.- The ^hostty proc^sision would appear to start from there,'laughed Walter, and he and Ursula volunteered to sit up with Nora and me till twelve o'clock. We accepted eagerly, and at night we had a good Are lit, .plenty of candles, and sat down to have a jolly evening. Ursula was very gay, iqj to a certain g&Btt;, bntaat- tea o'clock 1 1 Noticed hat-eyes begm to«shif| aneafeily, «ahd deleft dffltattujfe whetfever the* clock struck the 'quarters. Walter, who I know fancied that Nerali and I, with the impishness of schoolgirls, had been taking them all in. grew convinced of our seriousness , when-, ail his efforts to tease Norali^he twas teasable as schoolgirls generally are— failed to elicit a single giggle.' I felt as if «very nerve in my body was uncovered, ready to quiver at the first shock of the repeated horror. It was like having a tooth out twice over. "We were all quite silent when it be- ^r.tLLtn ^hii^ miAtrtsm—^vniiLi louvn^gloomily into the fire. r I locked at Dr : ^rtia. -^he t^fck fswy^^lk' I ^sa® in ifi low Inw.. rni«> voice, 'Rwailh 'luSsHlaJ'. V •Slwi'+hrf'w Sbe-threw tMpJc-hH* back het • 4bead and fainted dead away just before the,stroke attended to lor^exactly on the stroke of twelve^e shri^is iang-l^ut^^aj^dp and.again!•""•''•'• f-^*" Jvorah covered her face,Walter sprang op, seized a candle and" opened the door. We ail followed, ^e'nc^ap^rofflaied —there'came the rolling Wuhd on 'the oak fieor and the met^lic" jingle—and then a rush of cold wind swept thrbiigb tlie open door, and left'JUS In darkness! "Norah tremblingly lit a s match, and her eye fell on Ursula, iri a dead faint She called Walter, and Ursula came to a little, and clung to her husband, and begged him to stay with her, and would not let him go. The noises had ceased. Walter was dreadfully vexed at having been prevented from following them up. Then, with a candle each, we walked along the passage. All,the doors were fast; not a window was open anywhere to account for that icy blasts that was more like a breath from a cold church vault, than the mild airs of a September night. We made no more investigations after that. Walter bore Ursula tenderly away to her room, and we girls tried to sleep. How could we? Next day it was determined that everything should be done to clear up the mystery of our nightly disturbance, and before dark all our arrangements were made. Dick and Walter again examined the empty room at the end of the passage, and locked the door, and Dick put the key in his .pocket. They sounded the walls, they sounded the floor of the passage, and had a lamp put on a shelf just over tlie door of the empty room. A number of candles were taken to our room and lit, until the chimney-piece looked like the altar of a Roman Catholic church. Walter had secured an old stable lantern, which he thought would stand the breeze better than our host of candles. "Dick and Eveline, who intended to share our vigil, had a brilliant idea; it was to have supper spread—and a good one, too—in our room, so that we should have something to do besides sitting opposite each other and solemnly staring into each other's faces. A little Dutch courage was also suggested as an addition. Ursula promised not to faint, on condition she was given none of it Dick and Eveline, who came fresh to the scene of our terrors, and whose nerves were not shattered by the repetition of two such nights as ours, were gay enough at first, while Ursula, too, who had contrived to be in such a faint the night before as to hear nothing, was quite lierself again! But at half-past eleven we had finished eating—Walter had ended all his stories—Norali conldn't sit still—there were- dx-eadful pauses, brokeu only by labored remarks from one or the* other of us about anything but the subject in hand—the only one in winch anyJ>ody. was really interested, But 1 remember Dick saying to Walter, 'I think you are quite overdoing th|s lighting-rip .business, jt will frighten those rascals, and they will lie night, |iud we shall be no Wiser.' "He evidently thought it a case 5 * of thieves or moonlighters, and I noticed; a revolver sticking up out of his pocket, and I fancy Walter had one. too "As midnight drew near we were all absolutely silent. There was the .faint sound .of the water Mashing against the little landing-stage by. the ; lake-side, and the fall of .the embers in the fire—nothing else. The .night was extremely still .and very dark* The birch boughs that grew ciojse up to and touched our windows did not make the slightest stir' against the glass panes, so there would be positively nothing to account for the rush- —^•'•-mf-'--; . H—-— i—^ feg wind in She passage, if It should •ome-again.!-'v : • •-..--- ^ 'At faistit^ began to strike twelve^ Walter took up his lantern in 6he hand and his revolver in the . other,, and stood, liLs hand on the latch, ready to throw open tbe door at the slightest sound. He jsvaved iiis hand to keep us ail'back, but it was curiosity, I am afraid, not courage, that made us gather all round the door, behind him and Dick.... Nine—ten—eleven—twelve—and. then that dreadful cry! "Walter opened the door and stepped out, and the flame of his lantern flickered wildly in the blast of ice-cold air that swept into the room and extinguished every candle but one. It did not go out however, and he flashed it down the pas? sage, and we all looked over his shoulder and saw at the extreme end of the corridor what seemed jto be a deepening of tlie shadow about the door of the empty room. Then, to our wonder, this shadow seemed to gather into shape, and passed slowly towards us along the pas- Boiling round and round, a dark 3hade two or three feet high—as a mist cloud is rolled, when the west wind arises and drives it down a river valley. The cries and voices had ceased, and as this unaccountable shadow passed along, the flooring creaked, and we heard a hollow sound, so exactly like that caused by a great cask or banrel being; roiled along, that it was impossible not to believe that Wf were actually j^satch- ; ing some suc& ming^ pushed along, and" tainting round and round aa it passed. Nottme of us stirred hand or foot ag it: came on. We even stood back to* let it go by. Slowiy creaking over the board8, '4t passed us and came to the head of -the -staircase. There' it stopped for a moment, and then began to roll down. We followed. 'Step by step, as we had heard it the past two nights, we now saw it go, and stole after it "mere is a door at the foot of the stairs,'gasped Walter. " 'I have all tie k^-s,' said Dick. ; ,; •The semblance,of this ghostly barrel; stopped for a moment at the foot of the, stairs. The door had a slightly raised sill, too narrow for its passage, Exactly, as if it had been raised by human bands, the shadowy .barter was lifted, and, after, being poised for,-a moment on tbe -^sQl, rolled in and seemed-to fall on to a hdliow-sonnding stone floor. - put Ms hand out' 'Give.jne tiie keys,' he said.- i • . < . ; ^'Dick banded bim i&e; bunch, and/ after iayingoneor two, the :door yielded and we weait in. *^ JEt^wss a small, square cMtar, j^erfeedy emp^r, perfectly dean^ with four up. -Closed by^bisus, ^but'v^itJiorit^gl^s. That was alL 1 ".'' " -Whatey^ it is, it is here/ Dick said, solemnly; *but it must wait till morning.' He put his arm.jround Evdine, wjw stood shivering'ljeside .liiin. "Come, darling; you ought not to be here. Besides, irs over for to-night <5o back to your rooms, all of you.' He locked the door of the cellar, and we all filed upstairs again. ...» . * . . . * * "Next day Dick, having sent for Den nis, the gardener, despatched him for men and implements, and by twelve o'clock a little group of workmen, under the superintendence of Dick and Walter, visited the cellar. We women were not strictly invited, but it was found imjmssible to keep us out; emboldened as we were by number^ and the whole- Some daylight Every stone of the flooring was removed,-and under one; of tliem si heavy pine barrel, of ancient make, was discovered and. opened by a few strokes of a hatchet "We girls, looking over the men's shoulders,-saw : that it was empty, «xcept ^QJ* 1 ' aniong that a bunch of keys and watch. - else! It" was- explained to as that the ^riiite substance was quick- lime, which will destroy any human-re niains in .the shortest possible time. The watch was an aid-fashioned turnip watch, such as gentleman used :fo-wear. The jingling noise we had heard was obviously made by the bunch of keys, which were attached to a bulky cluster of valuable seals. They were at oiiee sent to Dick's uncle. * '^Dick's uncle proved to be very uncommunicative in the matter, and it ..was allowed to drop. But Eveline, some time after, in a moment of confidence, informed Norah. and me that tie watch bore the Marchmont crest and certain initials, which made, it easily, traceable to a member of the family, while among the keys were two which opened chests in the* house where old Marchmont lived. One of these chests had been broken open, and a-new key made—the other, then considered of . no interest, had been allowed to remain in a deserted lumber room. " 'And did they open it?' I asked. "'And did they find out .anything?' "'They found^Sapers relating to the owner of the watch.' " They know bis name, then?* '"Yes, ! said Eveiine, portentously. *J» appears that he had been foully mur dered. . - . and. ~ . . " She suddenly grew reticent. 'I am not going to tell you anything more. You are two dreadfully curious little girls, and Dick lias particularly forbidden me to reveal family secrets/' " 'Of a disci-editable nature?' "said pertly and rudely, urged by my baulked curiosity. 'Every family has a skeleton in the cupboard,' added Eveline, 'any family of any age and importance, at least.* 'A skeleton in a cupboard is a very respectable thing to have,' I retorted. Very tub!' ! But yours Is only a ghost in a *"—"Black and White." There is a genus of " humanity who never enjoy tliemseves better thaii when reading about the number of waggons the world's yield of corkscrews would fill, or what would be the height of a pvramid represented, by the. annual income in sovereigns of a Westminster or a: Brassey. Here is a beery thing of the kind in which they may find satisfaction:— With every tick of the clock Ii6 15s worth of beer vanishes- down the world's, throat; every minute LtLO worth disappears; every hour the world pays £24,651 for its beer; and -every day it swallows the yearly^Income of 3,000 middle-class families' in nearly 1.600,000 worth of the "brown beverage." Stupendous as these figures are, especially when we consider that th$ world's beerbiU for a year amounts to L216,000,000 sterling, the figures which represent the quantity consumed are almost incredible. The beer which is consumed throughout the world in a single year would make a lake 6ft.. deep, 3% miles long, and a inile wide, or 2,319 acres in area. In this vast lake of beer (says the writer) we could easily drown all the Englishspeaking people, to .. the number of 120,000,000, throughout the entire world; or we could give a beer-l»atb'. to every man, woman, and child at the same time in the entire continent of America; while all the peoples of England, Scotland, Ireland, and France could find standing room on its bed. ilodest Monsieur Loubet, the French President, 'dislikes -flife state kej>t ujp- by M. TPaTu^e, who. used to be escorted about the ISlysees by servants tarrying lighted candlfe;-and .waiting backwards. His simple manners are making him verj popular. 