REVERBERATIONS. [By Hugh Kalyptus.] In the Diplomatic and Consular report for 1898, rejating to France and presented to both House of Parliament in May, 18&9, the Consul of Dunkirk pays the following graceful tribute to British seamen, and 1 hope Jack will appreciate it and "behave as sich." He says:—"From the evidence I have gathered in various ways during over twenty years' service there is no doubt in my mind as to the superior ability of the British seamani Many captains who have told nie they prefer foreign seamen have gone on to say that in time of difficulty and danger there is no man equal to the Britisher. But foreigners are in preference skipped at home.by many captains because they believe t.heni to be less independent, more ■ amenable to disci pline, &e.; 1 have, however, not this high opinion of the foreign seaman, for consi dering that, now about 33 per cent, of the seamen coming to this port in British ves sels are foreigners, it does not speak well for their superiority to have to note that fully one-third of the cases requiring Consular interference were those in which foreign seamen were concerned.. The im provement in the conduct of British seamen at this port has been most marked. In my early days at Dunkirk complaints were . constant both from captains and crews, j but during the last few years there has been a noticeable falling off in these com- J plaints, and undoubtedly there has been a ! considerable decrease in drunkenness. Some people saj this is the result of the foreign seaman. But my opinion is that it is the i result of the work of the various agencies, such as missions to seamen, now engaged in so many ports in loplring to the mate- ' rial and spiritual welfare of the seamen, and to the greater protection they now meet with in foreign ports against crimps and suchlike persons, all of which assist in raising them mo rally." Tt seems a rather large order preaching the Gospel to the people in India, far ac cording to the "O.B.T. Magazine," an inte resting paper, "preach to these people, 600 at a time every day (or 25 every hour, or 2 every five minutes) it would take more than 4 POO Jtaif to preach to every one in India. That is as long as from Adam to Christ, and twice the time from Christ until the present day; so if you had com menced in th- time of Christ you wo il l sv'll have more than half to preach." There are. it seems, 140.000.000 women in India, and of those 40.000,000 are shnt up in ze nanas. Fancy the babel if they all met together to afternoon tea. "Vault for Sale.—Large Monumental Vault for Sale in Mount Jerome Cemetery, with iron door; price £200. All particulars from II. R. Emerson, Solicitor. 71, Dame street." "J. T." writes:—"The above clip ping is from the the 'Irish Times.' "lis true I lit on it late at night after my usual glass of grog, so I. began t.o ponder, and ponder, until at last I fell head over into a profound sleep, dreamt. And this is the dream—'I am awfully hard up. My Irish estate, between boycotting and emergency men, has gone to tne dogs, not a penny of "rint" coining in, not a farthing, candle to light up the wake of . Grand father's Ghost—"Heavens! old man, how came you here?" "To tell you there's money in the vault, Jack." "How much?" "Oh, bother, you were al ways a stupid fellow. I'm off." Great Grandfather s Ghost—"Now, Jack, you goojd for nothing rascal, you have made ducks and drakes of a fine estate. You have gambled. You !ha ; time's up, I'm off." Great Grandmother's Ghost—"Ah! Jack, you sorry dog, you're down, are you? Well, I have come to give you a lift. Here's a lot of gold dust in that vault, and it has fallen upon you, worthless, grace less wretch that you are, to sell your father's, mothers' kith and kin back to two hundred years for ." "How much?" "Two hundred pounds!" One strikes some curious things in pipes sometimes. The other day I got hold of a French clay, the bowl representing the Mahdi, or an Arab Mahdi like him; but the inscriptions upon it struck me as being curious. Over the forehead was the legend "Suisse le Vray," under the chin was "Jacob" and "Gambier," evidently not the South-East garden of the colony, because on the other side was "Paris" and another "Jacob." Considering that the head was Oriental, it ought to have been "Yacoob." Some years ago I bought a wooden "Dhu dten," stamped "Irish pipe made in France," which is another injustice to Ire land, likewise Germany. The present Mayor of Adelaide once showed me a pipe which was perfectly unique, showing that "neces sity is the mother of invention," and the aunt of adversity. The bowl was made, if I remember rightly, of the neck of a stone ginger beer bottle, with the leg bone of a sheep for a stem, fastened on by that hard black gum used by the blacks in the far in terior for fixing the stone heads' of their spears on to the hafts. The ingenious bush worshipper of my Lady Nicotine had broken or lost 'his cherished pipe, and yearning for the soothing weed, had evi dently exercised bis wits in the manufacture of the primitive contrivance" referred to. 1 have known busbmen when out' of tobacco iise; dry titrec leaves, which must, havebeen as Unsatisfactory a smoke as the section of cane that small.boys apeirig men light and. smOke. ■. There is an old identity at the seaside wEo has a fad for cigar ends. It is said thai he has a sharpened najl at the end of his walking sticky and pottering about the street transfixes discarded cigar Stumps with -the precision born of long 'practice, pops them in his. ' pocket, and pounds them up at night for bis evening smoke. This economic,practice of his being noticed, the boys were wont to play a trick upon him by leaving in . ■ his path a tempting cigar stump with a piece of cotton attached, so that when he tried to harpoon it they slipped it away. In the ?old::day8, when the meerschaum was a thing ,of beauty. and a, joy for fiver, or at least un jtil : tlhe -.riierrywood and briar broke the |;charro, the ability of-the artistic carver /wag exercised to a high degree of excel rlenice; and. some exquisite work was done /in jthat.djtection. Smokers of all degrees] devoted hours of their leisure to colouring ■ the meerschaum, and .• officers in the army i were wont to give a new pipe to Tommy fAtkins to colour. He, nothing loth, assidu- . ously smoked the strong, black, stick tobao ;jco in it until the, pearly whiteness took '* rich mellow golden brown, and a pipe "properly coloured was prized highly. Bush meh in the olden days, far away on the distant runs, where the squatter has been exterminated aB though he were an alien with a poll tax upon him, used to com ] mission a mate to buy a meerschaum at any price, and this, carefully protected by a ■piece of chamois leather, neatly sewn round the bowl, was smoked and tended with re ligious devotion, and at the end of the year solemnly divested of its covering and handed round to a circle of admiring friends over the camp fire, discussing the accuracy and tone of the colouring. Yon seldom see a meerschaum now. I obtained one from a leading tobacconist in the city which had been in stock for twenty-five years, there being little or no sale for the article now. Meerschaum, I believe, means "foam of the sea," but some are decidedly mere schams. A goo-d one is a grand smoke. 