The Australians To-day commence A match at Lords Against M.C.C. and Gronnd. The weights for the Coolgardie Handicap and Cap are dae to morrow. The next municipal conference is to be held at Nortbam. The Federal ConTention will sit at Kalgoorlie <5n Wednesday next. Another dynamite outrage at Cleveland (Ohio.) An ex-convict at work. „. . , . , . . , „ . . • Chamberlain s plain talk has given | hope (o tbe loyalists of Pretoria. The Government is to be asked to in-1 crease the munioipal subsidy to 15s in | the£. Trnmper has seoared 1,288 rans this I I tour, and leai Noble, Tho was" top! | ^ ^Q A Transvaal Raadsman would ont the throitB of Johannesburg eeiitionmoigers. A jump from 82 to 42 in batting I I averages is a' notable incident in first- I 0j 1Bg cr|okot. I Mr Walter James has given plaoe to Mr George Leake as leader of the Perth Federal League. Trumpet is now second in the batting averages with 42 9, Worrall being a olose third with 42 6. , September IS will be a bank holiday at Kalgoorlie, tbe cooasion being the annual traders' gala. Newhaven oame to grief in his effort to catch his Australian rival, Merman, in the Goodwood Cup, The first reading of the Municipal Bill will be moved in the House by Mr Alex. Forrest on Tuesday next. Messrs Leako, James, and Harney hive been asked to represent Perth at the Federal Convention in Ealgootlie. Those who battled for Trumpet's inclusion in the Australian' team will be delighted with his three-century achievement. Many members of the Kanowna Munioipal Conference visited the Boulder on Sunday and were entertained by the mtyor and citizens. Cr Speed (Perth), speaking at the Boulder, said the Munioipal Bill was a thoroughly demooratio measure, and he hopel that all the oouneils would urge its adoption. 8ir Edward Braddon baB wired the Kalgoorlie Federal L aagueaa follows :— I • Heartily sympathise in your efforts to obtain national life. Thanks for congratulations.' Frank and Alex. White, jthe overland oyolisU, left Brisbane for Rookhamptoa on Sunday afternoon. Donald M'Kay intends making the trip round Australia in their oompany. The racing campaign will oommenee at the Bonlder on Wednesday next, tbe Boulder Rating Club's meeting being set down for decision on that date and on the Saturday following. Kalgoorlie and the Bonlder present a lively appearanoe as a result of the influx of visitors from tbe metropolis and various patta of the colony to attend the raoe meetings. | Spielers of the choioest brands have arrived on the fields in anticipation of a hsrvest during the goldfields'race meetings. The police are on tbe watch, bat Is the public had better 1 sit close upon their I 1 - The following horses are at present in I Kalgoorlie :— Speculation, Triumph, | Verna, The B'aok «ook, Lock Isle, i r , c. , TT i m-L >'!.«. 'a I „ Lord Stanley, Henley, Ts.hoa, 'Spectator, Yale Look, Thsekaringa, Ormtz, Persuasion, Merryman, Fellaheen, Restless. Flirtation, Careless, Clipper, Brnoe LIWP, Thunder, and Brayleigh. I ' . 1 The Munioipal Conference, wbioh has J dosed its sittings at Kanowna, adopted I the following resolution That the I deli-gates adopt the BUI, and request the . . .. \ president to facilitate its paesagf I I through the Legislative Assembly, and also request the members of Parliament to support it.' Tbe largest dry dock in the world I will be the one now bang oonstrnoted I by the Newport, Rhode Island, Shipbuilding the caisson wdl be 806ft, the bresjtt on the floor 80I», and at the top depth of water over the sill at average j | high water, 80ft. The following is taken from anex-| lohange:—"Aooordir.g ' io a meessge j I from Albany. New York, a woman who I hat begun an action for divorce from I her husband claims that the ghost of husband's first wife infests the house | and makes ber miserable. It appears I .t nights and frightens her so thatshe \- (« j* t> _—. »„ ] b«r and indulgM in paroxysms of Weep- I oeyonafiy it smashes t&e; 1 L * " " " ^ ! l o •^•t ^firrt Uu^«fl «, bOt *ie Jte-1 