SHORT STORIES. HIS MYSTERIOUS CORRES PONDENT By Parma Gentry. (Concluded.) Vaughn looked up and met her gaze; there was something in it beside alarm, too-something that astonished him. It seemed like a look of tender pity, but he thought it hardly possible that he could have read it aright. Supposing he had! He felt almost suffocated for a moment, and as Miss Marshfield dropped her eyes and col loured slightly, he sprang to his feet and asked if the room wasn't uncom fortably warm. She made some un intelligible reply and he lowered a window; then, instead of resuming his chain, came and stood beside her while her nimble fingers played rather nor vouply over the .keys. At length he sDoke. Your eyes would entice the truth out of a confirmed liar, Marshtield. I may as well tell you the whole sickening story, though of course you'll say it was to be expected. She's given me the sack-without even the common de cency of saying good-by. She's been trying it for a long time, and now she's done it. Very shabby of her, don't you think?" "It undoubtedly seems shabby treat ment from your point of view, but it was the most merciful thing she could do." "Because why?" "Because that correspondence was unfitting you for business and making you more visionary and idealistic than ever, which wasn't at all necessary." "You speak with your accustomed plainness." "Yes, I am in earnest, but I hope you are not offended." "How should I be-With you? When you have been giving me good advice which, by the way, I wish I had taken -you have been doing my neglected work. I have no reason ror complain ing of you, at all events. Things have turned out about as you predicted. She can't be a person of good principles she must be a flirt. She-she must have found somebody else. "Oh, let us cover her with the mantle of charity, and suppose her nothing bad, but only wrinkled and ugly. She couldn't help that, you know. The transcendant love you offered her would have tempted any woman- " "How do you know I offered her transcendant love?" "I. have heard you talk of her seve ral times." "Come, Marshfield, let up on me, I'm ready now to assent to all the spiteful things you've said about her. I do hereby solemnly swear that to the best of my knowledge and belief she's a big-bearded man; that in addition to, and notwithstanding that, she's a leathery old woman who has been amusing herself with my feebleminded ness, and warming over her stale ro mance at the fire. of my idiotic pas sion." "Did I really mention feebleminded ness?" "Oh, you might as well! But this isn't wading through the pile of letters. Some one has got to take a trip, and owing to my mother's fancy that I have been confined too closely of late, it's been decided that I am the one. My father, you see, doesn't know about Ne :ada." "No," said Miss Marshfield, scarcely heeding the'latter part of his remark. "Shall you be gone long?" "Two or three weeks, I think," he replied, and became absorbed in his reading. At six o'clock they had finished, and then, as she was donning her street clothes Vaughn remembered certain things it was necessary to talk over in view of the intended trip. So they lin gered by the grate fire, without lighting up, because it was pleasanter to. talk in the twilight. The business a~ffairs they discussed were not of vital impor tance, but the secretary seemed not to notice that, and. the junior partner talked on leisurely, rooking his office chair. The firelight played over their faces, aSiV ,hro nglv the uncurtained window shoie the first refulgence of a full moon. Thin was the i.indowJ which conm mani .'- . view r' '.e lotv, with their S]ulaber of old machinery. There was no snow, and over the motley array the me on poured a silvery flood, lending it a .veird interest it wo" fEr from pos sersing by daylight. T'e sharp anglen andl ugly protuberances o" thfpile were softened by the mazy glow that made the shadows seem to hide straune things-mystical things-things which belonged to the land of dreams. The spell of the hour was on these two as they sat there by the fire, and neither was willing to break it. They talked in low tones, with throbbing pauses between their inconsequent sen tences. Presently Vaughn leaned over to poke the fire, and when he settled back again, he was nearer to Miss Marshfield than before-so near that his left hand asily reached and clasped her right, which lay on the arm of her chair. She did not attempt to withdraw it. but made some irrevelant remark to which he returned a vague reply. She looked at the coals, but his eyes were on her face. "Marshfield!" The name was uttered very softly, and he bent closer still. "Could you ever- would it be pos ibl----" HIer look stopped him. She had turned on him those speaking eyes which sometimes seem to belie the culmness of her demeanour, and there was no mistaking their expression this time. He understood as well as if she had -ut it in words. Thoroughly agitated, he arose, and standing behind her chair, laid his hand on her shoulder as he said un stendily: "Marshfield, you force me to believe in the luck of fools. In a natural course of events you would despise me \--thank God for the unnatural. Don't speak, please. I'm afraid of 'your speech; it might contradict what your eyes have told me, and it's too good to be contradicted." He had bent lower until his dark locks mingled with hers. Miss Marshfield did not speak, she was shaking with silent laughter. "What is it?" he asked, "more fun at my expense? My dear girl, I can't blame you, but I have a strange feeling, Marshfield-that it is your image 1 have had in my heart all the time, and never a dream of a myth. Exflain that, will you?" Then Miss Marshfield spoke, and this was what she said: "Darwin, almost thou persuadcics me that the only things desirable in tais world are you, a moonlight night, and the Nile." "What!" exclaimed Vaughn, straigh tening up, well-nigh paralysed. "How did you know she said that?" "Because 'she' and I are one." Impetuously he whirled her chair about until she Laced him. "You are Nevada!" "Yes; is it credible?" "Only in the light of your outrageous equivocation." "Oh, I didn't equivocate much, it wasn't necessary. You were very easy prey, Darwin." "Was I, indeed? But this minute I recollect a dozen awful fibs you told me about Nevada. For instance, you said- " "Yes, I know. I'll admit that my course was a little irregular, but you see I was all the while easing my con science with the promise of an explana tion. It was very exciting, and I ad mit that temptation 'made me carry it too far. Forgive me, pray. I have never romanced before, but you wrote such letters-ah', such letters, Darwin. You are a past-master in love-making. I don't think I could have concluded to give up the correspondence so soon, but for the effect it was having on you." "It was something undone, that's a fact. And to think it was my dear Marshfield all the time. Do you 're member when I asked why you couldn't have been Nevada? You might have told me then." "But I was somewhat piqued to see you so coolly putting me down as in ferior to your correspondent. It was evident that your plain secretary had not the ghost of a chance." "So then you wanted me to fall in love with my secretary." "Perhaps I did-the possibility never presented itself to you, however." "Oh, Marshfield, I have always adored you, as you very well know, but soniehow it seemed to me that you were not the sort of woman to respond. Many a time I have said to myself, 'Marshfield is a delightful chum, but she wouldn't listen to a love story.' " "I think the very gods would listen and capitulate :to such a story as you have to tell; what then could be ex pected of me whose wild desire was with you in Egypt, even when you thought me most vrosaic." ,The two chairs were closer together now, in the, shadows which the fire light was throwing into fantastic shapes. "The wonder of it!" said Vaughn. "Marshfield, my dear invaluable Marsh field, who will keep me sober and sen-. sible whether I will or no, and Nevada, Athe mate of my soul. Oh, Nevada, we shall float down the Nile tgether. I fancy I see already the dark-gliding waters and the glint of the moonlight on the pyramids." It is estimated that since Madame Patti made her debut in New York forty years ago her voice has brought her more than £1,000,000, or the astonishing average in come of. £25,000 a year. During her South American tour, ten years ago, her twenty four concerts produced no less a sum than £90,000; and of this amount her own share was £38,400, or £1000 for each concert. Kettles are now being made having compartments for cooking several kinds of vegetables at one time. The outer portions of.the kIcettles are circular, while the inner compartments are of wedge shape to fit around the interior, leaving a water-pocket between the walls. . . . . .. . . .... . . . . . .. - - - 