Thackeray's Oiic-uiglit "Ghost." •Many readers of " The Vlrglulans" ihavc wondered Jjow XhackHiviy was a bio to write «o graphic ami correct an account or his -heroVi c.»capi> from L'oi t Duqitcsne and ill Ik Journey through t.ho wilderness, jib Ttackerjiy .bail novel seen the magnificent v.iJIey tkrouirn which -his gallant lie:v> Hod after lila daring cscape. As si inatter of fact, Thackeray did not. write It at all. He was at a dinner lu Lomlou with Anthony Trollopc, Wiikic Collins, and other celebrities. The guests were sitting down to their wine and cigars, when Thackeray, who was entertaining the company with lib wit and satire, suddenly stopped, and, looking at ihls watch, exclaimed:— "Gentlemen, I must leave you. I have promised the printer n chapter of ' The Virginians,' to-morrow morning, nnd t lhaveu't written n lino of Jt yet. I liato to go, tout I ruuft; the printer !s In exorable ; so, wishing you all another meeting when I can be longir with you, 1 bid you a gooil evening." There was present ft -minor author named Kennedy, «uid Thackeray hail almost reached the door when lie called .lilm back and said : •' Perhaps t can write ihe chapicr f<r you. What are you going to di^eribi.'V" < The great novelist eeemed a -little as tonished at this bold proposition, but lie was too polite to say what lie thought. "Kennedy, you are extremely kind, and gladly would I let you write the o.hapter for me, for I linte to leave a jolly party in tflie mkL«t of fun."' " Then don't," all die company cried. "Stay with us, and lei Mi'. Kennedy write It." " I liave Iralf a mind to le; you do It, Jttsl for the fun of the thing. It is a chapter, chiefly of descripiiou. giving an account of my hero's escape from I'Vrt lnujurenc." " If Hint's what yon are writing about I can do it, fee 1 know every foo: of tho ground." " All right, then," said Thackeray, rc tiuming Ms ««it nt the bnarii. " l.et uie have it early to-inutTOW ini.niltig." Mr. Kennedy withdrew, and, g.>iug to h!s home, wrote the fourth chapter of the second volume of " The Virginians"; nnd Ohui :t 1i ippcuori that tiie narrative of tho Hero's flight was so accurate as 10 the topo graphy of the couutry through which lie jmesoil. 