??II. . "Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear!" This piteous wail .? came from the private offices bf Maybury and Ev ans, and from the Hps of a whiterhaired old gen tleman whose countenance was expressive of un limited benevolence-although a publisher's. , "Fred!" he called through the. open door, "just come here, for a moment." Fred, in the outer office, laid down a manuscript and presented him self .with alacrity. "Why don't you come when I call?" There was irritation and impatience in . the voice, which instantly changed as Fred an \- nounced, "I'm here, slr." . "Oh, you're there? ' Oh dear me! Here's an other boomerang, Fred. Sayce and Windle's pri vate mark upon page 15 ¿nd a dozen others. Been . all over London, I'll go bail. . Poor girl; poor girl ! : Why can't she turn her mind to-to-anything ra- ; ther than literature. Oh dear me! Girls are the plague;ot one's existence. Don't you ever marry, Fred. Be a bachelor like me. Some day. I'll tell you my own experience-'" If Fred was ignorant of his uncle's one love story it was not for want of opportunities for listening to its recital. Mr. Maybury considered . his experience unique; whereas it was merely a repetition of Chloe's acceptance of devotion from one swain only to fly away with another. "-and tell her kindly, but seriously, that we really can't," the old gentleman concluded. 1 . "What makes you think a woman wrote lt, sir?" Fred asked, as he took the manuscript from bis ; uncle's hand. -V ?.:. "I don?t think; I know; I've read three pages only, and 'Woman' is stamped upon all of 'em. Besides, she-calls herself 'George.' Read it your self and see." ' Fred took the typed manuscript into the outer office, and sat down to examine it. After rapidly skimming, three lines at a time, some dozen pa-: ges chosen at haphazard, a curious look came into his face. He turned to the covering page, and . saw that it was numbered 11,534. . Evidently, then, lt had passed through their reader's hands. Fred, looked up at that reader's report and scanned it eagerly. "Full of promise-conversation too . stilted in parts- character-drawing fair, but occa sionally weak-might do for a serial, but don't recommend it for book-form." An amused chuckle escaped Fred as he reached out his hand for an enormous ledger. Who could have written this particular story which he knew by heart? Here it was: George Revell, 247 Wandsworth Villas, N. "By-Jove!"'he ejaculated, and sat staving at the manuscript. So Miss Florence Baguley, the girl-young lady -who had run into him, yearned to become a novelist! Wait; could that collision have been a mere accident, or was it rather design-pro vidential design? Fred mechanically selected a new sheet of brown paper, and made a parcel of manuscript and reader's report. A brilliant idea ' had occurred to him, and. he intended to see if it would work out. His neglected bicycle began to pine for the usual wash-leather and oil can, but they came not. Fred's evenings and, occasionally, after noons, were now devoted to the lubrication and polishing of a rejected manuscript. . With his own technical knowledge to help him, and aided by the report, he so transformed the story as to re verse, the reader's verdict. Within six weeks Fred began to revise the proof sheets: and, in due time, a bound volume made ' its appearance on his uncle's desk. And all this was under taken at his own risk. Mr. Maybury had, of course, long, ago for gotten the existence pf George or any other Revell; for what is one manuscript - amongst hundreds a week? But he burst ..into the. office i V'.. j fN '. one: morning, with the book in his hand, and peremptorily summoned his ' nephew to i private conference. . "Fred," he whispered, "it's all abcut me-me, d'ye hear? It's the ghost of Charlotte. Chal loner, and she's written a novel. Very fine one, ? too, but I can't make out how we came to; publish it. . I saw her death in the papers years ago, I tell you. It's a ghost of a novel, and all true every word of lt. Oh! dear! oh! dear! ' What ever shall I do! I shall be the laughing-stock of the whole City. .. How many copies are sold?" "None, sir. Make your mind perfectly easy. Think how long ago it is since you- you were re 'fused." ."True, true. .. I'm seventy-five-nearly. Fifty years ago lt must be, Fred. Find out this George Revell, and see if-her. name-is Challóner-fif she's . any relation to Charlotte. Charlotte's; maiden name was Tumbril-old Tumbril's daughter, the banker. . Perhaps she's in wànt, poor thing; no body writes novels that isn't poor. Find her out, my boy, and ask her to come and see an old man. What are you shaking your head for?" : . "Why, sir;, the lady who wrote this novel is called Florence Baguley." ~ "Baguley-Baguley?- Nonsense. I tell you it's Charlotte's.own handiwork. Nobody knows this story except Charlotte and me. Why, I can see the very room she describes; don't I know every inch of it? And if you want to see your uncle's portrait, as he was fifty years ago, just you study the character of 'Tom Lightwood.' There-get away, and find this George Revell." And this was the end ot Act IS, III. It was easy enough to find '"George Revell," but by no meass so easy to come within speech of her. A trim little serving-maid took Mr. Fred Maybury's card to Miss ? Florence Baguley, and returned with the request that the gentleman would make her the bearer of a message concern ing his particular business. However, after some skirmishing, Fred was -ushered into the presence and, there and then, succumbed to the embodi ment of grace asd beauty erstwhile nestled in his protecting arms. A rush of color to cheeks and brow told him that she ait least had not forgotten an awkward situation; but she stood, with one hand upon a table for support, and looked the question she was too agitated'to ask. Fred laid a brown paper parcel on the same table, and be gan to explain. "I come, .madam, from the publishing firm of Maybury asd Evans-or, as it will shortly be, Maybury, Evans, and Maybury. I believe you sent us the manuscript of a novel?" "Oh!" Florence caught her breath. "Yes, I did." "Will you do me the favor to open that par cel." "Ah-h!" They were trembling Angers which wrestled impatiently with the knot. "It has come back once more, then?" "Yes, and I think for the last time. Don't, pray, . spoil those or-your fingers. Take my penknife. There!" Florence took one rapid glance at the bound vo lume lying in all its glory before her; then co vered her face with her hands. - "Oh, it's not truel It can't be true! We-I have waited months and months, and watched for a letter every morning." "Ye-es," said Fred savagely, as if he wanted to kick somebody. "It was overlooked, and I have to offer a thousand apologies for the carelessness of the-er-of the office-boy. However, there lt. is at last; and I beg to offer you my congratula tions, Miss Baguley." "Me?" she laughed, and pointed to a type writer. "That is all I. had to do with lt. :Wait one moment." She' ran to the door, and called, "Edith, Edith, come-quick!" And then "George Revell" came into the room. An older girl than Florence; a girl-. with tired eyes and a pale face. She was dressed in b'ack and stood patiently waiting, as if the attitude had become natural to her. . . . "Tell her all about it, Mr. Maybury." said Flo rence. And Fred obeyed. . It required some little tact and ingenuity to establish a footing in this secluded home; but, by adopting the role of pub lisher, Fred managed to tone down the."stiffness and reserve until the conversation became quite chatty and friendly. It is to be feared, however, that the hair of Maybury and Evans would have stood on end-whait there was of it-if that highly respectable firm could have heard the golden je-ti mate of one poor novel as calculated by its pro spective junior partner. For it was Incidentally mentioned that these two ladies were¿ cousins and orphans, and that they were not richSvas evident from the surroundings. Therefore Fred allowed his imagination to run rloit, as. he. sketched the promise of the future, caring nothing for the day of reckoning which was bound to come sooner or later. ?? ?.? . . ' . . After which,'and by coaxing, Fred became pos sessed of the origin of the novel.. Edith Challo ner, otherwise George Revell, had gathered from her dead mother's diaries sufficient material foi the purposies of a story. On the other hand, Fred's .intimacy with his uncle's lové-ñtory (as told by the old gentleman himself) enabled the revis'r to fill up gaps and supply details until the story .was as complete as two knowing pens could make lt. Mr. Maybury might well be startled at the faithful reproduction of events in which he had been a principal actor, and collapse into speechlessness when confronted with his own descriptive phrases. .It was altogether a delightful evening; so de lightful that two unmarried young ladles forgot that they were entertaining a young unmarried gentleman who seemed in no hurry to depart; so very interesting that Fred, decided to postpone his uncle's invitation to "George Revell" so as to make it the basis for further Intimacy. How, that in timacy ripened may be gathered from the fol lowing conversation some months afterwards. "Fred,"-it was Florence who was speaking "does the 'Press,' as you call lt, transmogrify every mánuscrípt in the same .way?" "It sometimes happens so, sweetheart." - . "Because I remember every" word of Edith's novel. I must have typed it four or five, times, and I seemed to miss lots of things when I read it In print." ~ "Fault of the 'guillotine,' I expect. It shaves away a good deal at a time." "And yet manages to. make things read so . smoothly? I should like to get at the bottom of that mystery." " 'M-yes. I don't suppose you ever will. Do you remember the time when you. bowled me over?" ' ?.?????'...?.'??? . , »???:? . ???? . * ? .?:>????*..?;. "Edith, my dear.'V Mr. -Maybury was .saying, "you grow more and more like your dear mother every day. But beware of the boys. Bjoys ar© the plague of one's existence. Don't you ever marry, my dear. Be an old bachelor, like me. Some day I'll tell you my own experience. Just run and fetch those foolish young people and . tell them dinner's ready. Eh? What?" "I was saying, slr," Edith made answer, "that I already know most of your experience of fifty years ago. : Suppose you-write me an introduction for the new edition of my novel?" (Curtain.) 