TIKIE FiTHB.LOQK'AIRE'S BS35DE. It is unnecessary for me to detail the cir cumstances under which 1 became confiden tial cierk and assistant co my old school fellow, Ludovic Ste.yne, solicitor. The fol lowing is an account of a remarkible case ?!'. which occupied us for som« time — --ne of the most remarkable. 1 venture to shink, that .. . v wa« ever brought to a solicitor's office. s; One mornmg, while Steyne was from. -S; home, a card was brought to me bearing the ?'.''?'?-? name '; ? ! AliA'X F. CORBRTT. ' ? .. ? ' ' I knew that an Amedcan millionaire ' ' called Corbett was then residing in London ; and it occurred to me that this might be the j samo man. It turned oufc that i was right. j '? Show him in,' said I : and the nest j moment a young man not yet thirty, with '''.-, ! fair hair, a pleasant, but rather weak face, :- j and a dispirited air. entered the room. , :.; j ' When will Mr Steyne be back?' was the - first thing he said. '?: ??.-?'. ' To night or to-morrow morning,' I re plied. '' Perhaps you would rather wait ; and ?ee him' He be.ii.ated, and I asked him to sit down. . . j ' Or, if you prefer to state your case to me i I wi 1 report to him this evening,' I added. I ?' lerhaps that would be best,' he said, ! wearily renting his head upon his hand. 'I feel as if I w mted to confide in somebody right away. 1 am sick of keeping the affair to myself . It weighs on my mind.' . Of course 1 told him that 1 was entirely at his service : and he proceeded — : ' Perhaps you may have heard that I have a large pile of dollars. My father left about 'ten million dollars, and most of them came to me when he died. ' 1 suppose that is the reason the scoundrels have gone for me.' ?.': ' What scoundrels ?' 'That's just what I want to find out. ? Every ylouday morning for the last fcix weeks I have received a threatening letter. They were all type-written, posted in Lon don. I burned them as soon as I got them — all but the last — and tried to forget tbem. Bub I can't get the thing out of my mind. TIih lact is it's getting on my nerves.' 'You have tho last of these letters with you T1 a Here ft is. The rest were all to the *,- same efteci.' ' Sir,— I beg to inform you that a disaster, more awful and heartrending than you can easily imagine, is now about to fall on you. There is but ona way by which this calamity can be averted. You must immediately re mit to New York the sum of one hundred thousand dollars (£20,000). and place it to the credit of the account of Thomas Sin clair at Sullivan's Bank, in Niuentyseve'ith street. '?: his offer will reman open for four- ,. teen days only. If be! ore the expiration of . : that tiire the money is not forwarded, no power on earth can prevent the terrible mis fortune above predict, d foiling upon you ; and to the end of your days you will regret rhat vou refused to be warned in time.— .Your -well-wisher, ' A. Simmonds.' 'But since nothing has happened in spite of yon i- disregard of the previous warnings,' said I, putting the letter careful y into a drawer, ''perhaps no harm is realty meant.' ' I was given eight weeks to hand over the money in,' answered the young man, gloomily, ' then s^veu, then sis. Now, you see, the time is reduced to two.' ' Can ? ou 'hink of any special reason why that period shoul i be fixed '!' ' Unfortunately 1 can. I am to be married in exact !y two weeks' time.' 'Ah!' ' Yes, i am engaged to Miss Marchmont, a diiughtur of the Jate General Sir Edward Marchmont ; and that brings me to another point th it maybe worth mentioning. Lady Marchmont lives at Lucknow House Wimbledon. It is in a lonely situation ; and La^y Marchmont, who is of rather a '?' timid disposition, has been alarmed by the report that doubtful looking characters have been seen hanging about rhe neighborhood. She applied to -^hg poHce, anH reoe'v^rJ a (Continued on Page 7.) ?«8ivil note to say that there seemed to be no -special cause for alarm, bub that the loaal -constables ha-1 been instructed to keep an -eye on the hou«e, and warn all tranros and .-suspicious-looking people off the pre/nises.' : ?This was .all Mr Corbett hid to ted ma; and as there was. no necessity for immediate ..action, I told cur new client this 1 would ? repeat-hi3 story to Mr Sfceyne as soon as he ? -came back, and arrange for another inter view. . ? Mr Steyne rcturae.I that night, and I at - ? once placid before him a preen of the facts I have here set-clown, along with the threaten ing letter. Steyne read them in silence. -'?Send a wire to Mr Corbet asking him to call at tea tu-morr.jw morning,' wv.s all he-said wii;sn h.''. had perusal th-im. At ten nest daj Mr Corbett made his ap pearance, accompanied by Colonel M&rch-; mont, an uncle ot the bi'ide-elect. He was a tall, 'upright, fresh -colored man — a soldier every inch of .-hisa ; and. I gue-sad that, ha ?could be aeif- opiuionated and obstinate to a -de?rse. 'lam afraid, Mr Corbett,' said Steyno, plunging .at once i:i to the business, 'that yours is by no means an uncommon predica ment. Many attempts are male to black mail wealthy men. And it seems to me that in these cases there are only two courses op«n to the person attaekei — p?y; up, or fight the .?scoundrels to the -wath.' ? ' Figatthetu i' -cried the Colonel, twistiug his long -v/hire moustache. Corbett looked is. i£ he were not exactly! In a figbiins; humor. ; ' It's not for mysslC that I Lamd,' he be . gan, nervously clearing- his throat. ' though, ? of course, I would not know a moment's peace, thinking. of what f hosts' felllows might! .have it in their heads- to ;do tt me. it's: Emily, I mean Hiss Mat.cb.m6nt, I'm think- ? -ing of. You read that infernal police in -spector's letter..'' .. 'Yes.' answered Ste-yce. ; ? ' but really I . don't see that Lady Marchmont.hasany par ;.4icular cau«e-for alarm'/' ' But doc't you think- they .may mean fio , strike at me through »Mics ? March morit ??' (.pursued the j?oung fellow, sfearching Steyrie's iinscrutable face .with eauer eyes. ' They : speak of my Kaamuge-^-no. ; but- they men tion 14 days. That is' -.-what they -.nean. 'Tiie,y know that 1 woi'|ld .parr. With every .dollar 1 possess eathenthan' that, JSmil? should \--5osae to harm.' . '-A.lau! I se-?. what you Are .driving fit I' -s3ioated the ColsxieJ:;-''*'=and'-.J.-teJl.y6ujou wijl forfeit every iifcom.Gif.rerpet^ 1 have for -you r£^ou give in (to th« demaails of tfeose irascals. And let ,me =te.U you this — &he; ^chan^es are that i£-jhoy-bleed.yos:.once ttey will bleed you agflMa, till ..??Ah'ey r.3a'h ytsmr Saottom-sdoliar. Is it not so., Mr Steyne.?' : ?? . . Steyne gravely assa&fced.; ?'Then jrou agree watb. . .me that *i is besc,; to 'defy itliem— thi ow *&eir; outrageoes. letter;^ into the fire, and forget at.?' . ;' ' I don't -cay that exaoiiy.;'-saidmy ciijef,; slowlj. ''I ihink tbafc ev&ry-; .pj-ficsiatimi' should toeitiiJjen to ensure your safety, and : Miss Marchmout's — though tkenQBacros to : be no eyideuce that she is «pee.»31y aiaed: at. I lea? those rogues meaa. bussa ess : aad I v;ill teii you why. I kao«r this Sullivan of New York, :their banker, who is to act, ! ?practically, es their fence. M« is one ef the .greatest rogues unhung! But the gang who are trying to bJaciaoi&il; y»a usage have capi tal, since' he i« ihe.ir \eashier. Krjcp indoors, arid don't go out -unattended, and let Miss . Matghmonti do the same.' ' Eut we can't keep up that all our lives !' .cried corbett impatiently- ' Don't you see tha1; yo-i are condesaning a3 to live almost like the Ozar ? Would it anot bi possible to lay some trap for these feliov7S, and catch them, and co get rid. o£ tiiem I I would gi ve a^ou-a :d pounds this momeat to. feel sure tiicil needn't 'ear tHem any mor--\ \lt any-' 'thing were to fj.vppen to ?' Misa Ha.'chmont -, I Bhoold eo mad. Can't,somethi32g bu done, \ Mr bteyne ?' ' Kot in the way you mean. The'/ would answer no advertisement, you may b' pure ; ^nd you §e§ t?je mopey is to i-P 5?nt to America. All you can do is to be rsady for them in ease ihey try to carry out their threats. You carry a revolver ?' ' [ have done so lately But I ana not afraid for myself. H. -w are wa to get Miss Marchmont to shut herself up as you sug gest ? I haven't told her of these threaten ing letters, bacause she is so high -spirit 1 that she would merely lau^h at them, Lady Marchmont, now ? ' ' My sister-in-law would die of fright, I do belhve,' if you were to tell her,' put in the Colonel. u I thinfe Miss Marchmonfc ought to know that you have been threatened,' sxid Steyne. ' If you like I will call on her, and try to impress upon h?r my opinion that tin men who wrote these letters :ire not using m 're empty threats. iPerhaps I could per3Uile her to take at least some 'ordinary pre cautions.' ' Thanks — I wish you would. But when we are married we shall be no better off than we are now,' said Oorbctt, in a melan choly tone. ' I wish to goodness they woul 1 attack me and do their bjat to murder me. It would bs such a relief to know that they had done their worst.' He wrote a line on his ??ard to introduce Steyne to his betrothed ?.nd then the millionaire and hi3 friend departed. It so happened that my employer was prevented from going to Wimbledon that afternoon, nnd I w*s dosptttohad in his stead. 1 found Miss March mont and her sisters three charmina: and sensible girls Their mother was an invalid, and was for the most part confined to her own room. The house stood in a solitary part of the country, and it was not well protected, the household consisting of women servants and a page ?boy. I told the three- ^young ladies that Mr Corbett had received a threatening letter — il f'dA not say he had received six — and wag greatly, perhaps '.unduly, alnrmed, bdng Kinder an apprehension that danger threat enea his bride; and :I suggested that - to ensure his peace of raind they should hire a man-servant, and that in particular sh^ should never go out sslone. Miss Emily fell in with my suggestions at once. I could see that she understood and appreciated her loi?er:8 anxiety on her acronnt. and that, like iihim, her Miou^kts -w-:.re more in ttin future than in the present — that she dreaded more 'the effect of a savies ot threats?, kept up perhaps for years Hoon her betrothed, j than any actual danger in the present. ] Our -conversation did sot last very Ion -?,j and I -W£,s going downstairs on my way out when I rcet. to my ama«e«Kant, on the stairs, the lady from whom I ihad just parted. Emily Marohmont herse f. iFor a moment % superstitiens dtead lnast^ised'-me. 'I stood stock still, gazing at the apparition — *8 in seemed to cue— draAving slowliy nearer. Then/ I sawioy mi^ake. The jrirl was not Boaily 1 Marchmont. Close at hand the likeness .was &ot; *so. striking, but at the rfjstaace of a few . feet it was ipcs&ively; startling. The .cirl's height,., carriage, poise and shape of -the -heed asid'- cast of fes'tEres seemed absolutely ?idea- tieal with tlioseof Miss Marchmont. ; Ere I reached tt;ke front donr an idea struck me. I turned on my heel and slowly went I back to the drawing-room. [ ' Pardon me,1' 'I said, on xe-enterisg the ? ropms ' but I met pst now on the stairs a . girl w!jo bears a singular resemblance to jou, . Miss EsjriJy.' '? Isn't it vjdd,' crjed the youngest Miss Maichaiont. ' Everyeae notices it.' ' But who is it ?' u Only .©ur maid, Forbes. We came aeras' her once when we were staying at an hotel in Searboroagh, and engaged her because of her likeness to Emily, in -order that we might get her to play in some private theatiicals we had in view wher^ the' point of the playwas'a, mistaken identity. It suc ceeded splendidly. Everybody in ihe room thought that Forb'33 was Emily ? and m ths middle of her acliEg the real Emily ewne in and confronted her. The people stared as if they had seen a ghost ; and fchg jippJasjf e was quite deaf ea ing,' 'Don't chatter so fDjrothy,' said her eldest sister ; and she turne I on me a look which seemed to ask me for an explanation of my conduct in returning. ' It has just occurred to me.' said I, ' that possibly we may be able to make use of this accidental resemblance. Your great wish,' turning to Emily. ' is to do something which wiuld put a final stop to this annoyance. Now, it is my belief, and Mr Corbet's as well, tha^ the raicals who wrote the thr*at eaine letter mean to strike him, if they strike at all, through you. And by far the most likely plan for them to adopt would be for them to try to abduct you, and hoi ' you t * ransom. Pray do not misunderstand mc,' I added hastily, for a scared look came into Miss Emily's face. i'I do not for one moment suppose thit they will mnke the attempt, much less do T un^igine that they could succeed in carrying out any such crime. But if they hive any Serious plans j underlying their threats, we may be pretty I sure that they take the form of carrying you off by fo-'ce or fraud, and holding you vo ransom. They dem md twenty tlnu'S'm'i pounds now of Mr Corbett. For that sum they will graciously consent to leave him (and you- alone. But if they really suc ceeded in hUHng you away it would not be twenty thou and. but two hundred thousand they would demand as your ransom.' ' But, Mr if arrar, are such things possible in a country like ours ?' asked the el-Jest sister. ' [ hardly think the attempt would sac cee.i.' said I: 'but it might certainly be made. One cannot be always on one'H guari, and the police cannot be everywhere, as some people seem to think they ough': to be. Our aim is that if the attempt is made to carry out these threats, the blackmai'ers sh-uld not get the money they are scheming for. but get caught and sent to peml servitude.' ' Exactly ! But how is that to ? be managed, Mr Farrar.?' ' hiy suggestion is this —that from now until the eve of the wedding, Miss Emily should be somewhere else — say, in London, while her maid should be lent to some friend in need of a maid who lives a good way off. That would be given out to the world— to servants, postman, friends, and acquaintances — everybody, in short. But all the time the ni'id and the mistress woul i have changed places. The very eyes of the conspirators would aid in deceivinirthem. If they make any attempt at all it will be avjainst the maid, Forbes. r.nd you, Mis3 Emily, will escape altogether. Nor need Forbes be under ..any apprehension as to her safety. She has ?t'Mily to satisfy her captors that she is the girl Forbes, and not the rich prize they had hoped to gain, and they will he forced to re lease her, for the simple reason that they micst knew that no one would pay a large sum to random her. And when she returns to us the maid will be able sf I am not very much mistaken, to give us such information as will lead to the capture of the whole gang.'1' ? The_young ladies were 'delighted- with '-tbis plan;; but the person whose consent was really oeafssary was Forbes. She was sent for, and I began to explain matters by say ing that Mr Corbutt had rectsved several threatening letters. At this the young woman turned so pale, aud looked -go alarm--d, that I thoeght I might as well gke up my scheme at once. Sfae would nosrftr have courage, T thought, .to carry the thirg through. I went on with my explanations, however, and took care to mention, in con elusion, that f. telt cemin tha- Mr Corbett wou£d be willing to promise h^r a very hand some present in the event of the plan suc ceeding. Upon v&is; the young woman = sked if she might have a little time to consider the matter ; and Ihu being agreed to, I took my. leave. Mr Cocbet.t was delighted with my scheme when I mentioned ifc to him The sole point he objected to was that he should 'only be able to see His sweeiheirt once or fcwieo, if at all, before the wdding-day, whereas he would be fcreed to call upon the sham EmiJy Marchmonc every day, go that, -if hjg move ments were watched~-as I bad little doubt they were— the spies would be convinced beyond a doubt that Forbes was in reality the millionaire's bride. When I proposed my scheme to Lndovic Steyne he was not enthusiostic about ifc. He thought it was too fantastic, smacked too much of the stage, to be practicable How ever, he offered no very decided objection to it ; and the maii consented to play the part assigned to h?r — after Corbett had promised to pay. her fifty pounds if a linger was laid on her, and two hundred pounds if the con spirators were arrested. The details were left to the Misses March mont, and they managed things a hundred times better than I could have done. Miss Madeley, an old governess of the Marchmont girls, was taken into the s cret: and she readilv consented to take rooms in Bays watjr for herself and Eliza Forbes, who passed as Mis3 Emily Marchraont. It was given out tha* Miss Emily had gone up to town to see after her trons^au. It was al«o given out that fi'liza Forbe3 had gone to stay at Miss Belliagham's to help to mend and clean some wonderful old Lice which : was to form one of the marriage pres°nrs. This Miss Bellingham was a great aunt of the bride. She lived by herself in a smn,l) house n'?ar the Thames, not far from the village of Thanrja-Wickiiam — as retired a nlace of concealment (seeing that the boat ing season had not begun) as eoul'l powibly have been found She had but two servants — one a strong-minded, faithful creature, who had been with her tor forty y-'ars, and who was necessarily made a participator in the secret : the other, a red-cheeked country girl, who had lately come to the house, and -vho never doubted for a moment that the floe-looking, dark-haired girl who sat all day in the mistress's room was Elizi Forbjs, the YL'-sses' Marchmont's maid. Lady March font's own servants wi?r2 k°pt in the dark. They simply knew that Miss PJmily and Eliza Forbes were from horns — they sup posed that they were both of them in ? London. Twice a wesk Miss Bellingham's elderly : servant walked over to Thames- Wie.kh am with Emily iMarchnnnt, in time to catch t.h ?! early morning train. The train took V'iss Emily direct to Wimbledon ; and there she a'ighted and ro^k a cab home. This she did for her mother's sake, but the utmost care and caution w^ere observed, both in going and returning. She wore, of cour?e, clotnes befitting her supposed station in life. On the other hand, the sham Kraily Alarehmont came home frequently, and always in the op«n day, A little inquiry showed that the tradesmen and neighbors habitually took h r for her mistress. In a word, the trans migration was thoroughly and artistically carried out. When one. of the two weeks ha/1 gone by Horbett came to see ua again. He had re ceived another anonymoiw letter that morn iug. It was rather aifereut from the others, in that the wrt«r assumed an air of con tempt uons inso'ence, as of a man who was already master of the situation. If Mr Cophett cnose to reinit twenty thousand pounds by cable to New York within the next three days, the money would still be accepted, and no further claim would be made. Bur, if not, ler. Mr -Oorbett look out for himself. He could not say that he hail not be m fairly warned. And more to the same effect. ' Ihe impudent blacklegs I' cried the yoang Anaericin, as he walked in a srate' of excitein^jj± up and down my chief's consu t ing room. ?' Let them look out for them selves, that's a'd. I bave this with me day and night '—he showed us the handle of a revolver sticking out of his pocket — 'a'id * I've entfpged a giant of a fellow to go about with me. They 'an't touch rue ; and if t iey try any games on with iliss Mavchtnont they'll burn their fingers nicely, won't they?:'. ;i I have no doubt they, will, Mr Corbeffc,' I returned, secng that my chief was plunged in thosjgnr. ' Miss' Forbes seems an intel ligent and spirited girl, and she has been fully^.iTi8tructed. If they presume to lay a linger upon her, they will find that they have caught a Tartar.' Three days later Corbett came aeain, and this time he was in a state of nervoue agi tation for which I could not account. At last it came out that that afternoon, in pass ing along the Strand, a big, broad-shouldered, recl-haircd; man had thrust himself in Cor bftt'sway, laughed im'pudently.in his face, and passed on. The incident 'was. nothing , in itself; but I could see that the young fellow was upset by it. He was convinced that the red -b aired man was one of his bid den enemies, already gloa'.in^ over his vic tim ; and, indeed, it was a trying situation for a man to be in. He believed that his foes we-e only waiting an opportunity to spring uponh im, and yet he could not take a single step towards meeting them, or warding off ihe attack, it was on the even ing of the following day. ju3t three days -. efore ihe wedding, a dud. coH. misty night, more like November than March. About half-past seven at night Mr Corbett came to Briissftk Square, his fece radiant, beaming over with satisfaction.' 'We've got them!' he cried. 'That Miss Forbes is one ! I've a telegram here from Miss Madelpy. Those' -rascals, must : have nabbed her on her way home to-night. - I -vender how they managed it ? [ suppose i she rnnde no resistance. Ha ! ha ! Won't ! ?i hey be mad when they find out their m:s- ] take? * think I ?ee their faces' when she ' Hay?. 'Marchmont? '!hat is not my name. s 1 am Miss Forbes. Miss Marchmont is my i mi-t»es3.' Ha, ha, ha ! I s?iy, Mr Farrar, I do ymi think we sball be able to put salt on their tails, eh ? Can't I see Kteyna ? When ( will he he in ?' s I was in the act of answering him when £ heard Steyne's latchkey in: the street door. He came in ; but half a minute later I heird i the door bang behind him. He had eone out ngain ( 'orbett ran to thout afte- hino, bat he was too late. . Eight, nine, tea o'clock f struck, .-tnd my ehief did hot return ; and 1 'till the young American waited, as patiently e as he could. I At last, about half-past ten, Steyne came i in. I saw at once by his fac^ thatsometbing \ hid happened. When his eyes fell on Oor bett he stopped short, and a look of grave pity canae into his face Then he walked 1 up to the young man and took his hand. ' Mr Corbett ' he said,. ' I am about, to ' put your manhood to the test. A terrible: - thing has happened.' I Corbett became white to the lips, and yet I saw him make an eff jrt to pull mms-df to- - gp.ther Outwardly he was calm, and he ! looked Steyne stra'ghb in the eye. ? ?' She is gone 1' said the young man - hoar-'ely. and I now saw that he was shaking from head to foot. . \'S Steyne nodded gravely. ? j Corbett. made a rush for the door, bat the older man was The stronger of the two, and easily held him back. ' What would you do ?' eaid Steyne. ''The last tram for Thames -Wickham 'has gone, ! ;md if you walk or drira you will only fatigue yourself to no purpose. Everything that man can do, ell that the organised police of the country backed by your enor mous wealth can do, has be^n done, or is being done at this moment. Take my ad vie-1. ; try to remember that it is not the policy of the kidnappers to injure Mis ilarchmont in any way She will be re stored to you very soon, T am certain. Go home and try to get some sleep, and if you want to see with your own eyes what ti being done, come to the Rolborn Town Hall at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning.' Obeyin c a look from my chief, I put on ray hat and w ;jt home v/iti Mr Corbett. He was very quieu ;icp -.eant on my arm as if he hed b?en recovering from a fevpr. Every now and then a savage l)ok would come into his face, and 1m fingor3, I could see, were grasping the handle of his revolver. Once or twice a strong shudder passed him, as I have sep.n it with men who were sic&ening; for some disease. ;i I had my doubts about this plan from the first.' said Steyne to me, as we walked over to the Rolborn 1 own Hall nest morn ing ; ' and I ought to have seen the signifi cance of the girl Forbes changing ^color when you first told her of the threatening letters. That was from no mere feeling of timidity. I have no doubt that she was in the plot fram the first-; and when you began to speak to her of the threatening le'ters she thought that she had been found out.' '?Have 3?o.u any -idea how Miss Marchmont was spirited away ?' I ventured to ask. ' I shall know in a few minutes,' was the reply. ? The large room into which we went was filled with men, employe's most of them, of various detective offices. Each one had had a map and a set of printed instructions given him — Steyne had provided for all this during his three hours' absence the night before. Suddenly iSteyne's clear voice rang through the. room. ' Now. lr.ds,' he cried, ' you have your work before you. The lady we are seeking !-?ft Wimbledon for Thame3- Wickham at 7 28 last ni^hfc. 1 find that the return half of a first-class ticket, from Thames- Wickham was given up -«t Hanwoith, the station just before ; and I think it likely, therefore, that she left the train there and was induced to i*nter a carriage— a fly, as they call it — which met the train. We want to find that fly. Understand, there is a gratuity of five pounds per man for the job. One hundred pounds ivill b« paid for any news of tne lady after she left Wimbledon, and one thousand pounds f such information leads t«i our finding ler.' A subdued cheer followed these words, '.'orbstt, who had bean standing beside the ipeaker. turned his pale, tiaggavd face to Steyne, and caught him by the arm. 'See here.' be whispered. 'This came -y this morning's post.' , It was another typewritten letter. 'The blow has fallen. Fifty thousand )ounds, or securities to that amount, must 3e deposited in Sullivan's Bank, as before ixplained. When that is done Miss M. will je restored to her friends unharmed. If the noney (or securities) is not deposited, she vill never be seen again alive.' So ran this villainous letter. ?'I must send it,' said Corbett, his voice loarse with emotion. 'Give me two days,' cried Steyne. Thinfe what you are doing if you yield'to these men's demands: '.! hey will at once tell their companions, and other rich men's wive3 . or. daughters' will be abducted. The 3i'ime will spread : and who can r.eli what Ihe consequences may be ? No harm will: come to Bliss Marchmonc to-day. That is certain. Give mv to-dsy. Every inn, every village and farniho^e within driving dis tance of Hanw'orth will be visited to-day. Every rural policeman will be questioner. Nevvs is sure to. come in before- the evening. If not, you may advertise in the morning papers that you are willing to come totermi'. That will give me n second day. Two days are all I ask.' ' The American turned away with a groan. Steyne drew me aside. ' For Heaven s sake,' he whispered, ' take him down to that place, and keep him goin^ abo;ut questioning folks. He will go mad il! he is not allowed to think he is doine- some thing.' fa ?A dreary day that was for all of us. I was told afterwards that many clues wertj reported. They were promptly examined by trained men whom Steyne had retained' for the purpose ; one and all turned out worthless. On the af rernoon of the second day, as Corbett and I were driving from village to village, questioning everybody that, came ?n our way, Steyne joined us. There was a suppressed excitement about him. that I well understood. ? ,: ' ? . ? 'Don't you think/' I suggested, 'that Miss Marchmont may have been carried off down the river ?' We wer.e then driving slowly along a road that lay close to the north bank of the stream, which spread its sullen length befoie [ us. Steyne was walking by the side of our ? dog-cart. 'No,' said my chief,-» sharply. 'There- are locks every few miles. AK the lock keepers nave bsen questioned. No Inly want down in an open boat, nor has any launch with a cabin passed down yes^er^ay., or the night before.' As my chief had been speaking, I notice J ''?'' that his eyes rested on a house-boat that lay moored near the opposite bank, under toe \' shelter of a group of willows. ' Who-e is that house-boat ?' he asked. ,? ' It belongs to some city man,' said L'ot bett, impatiently. 'I don't think anyone , '? has been near it since last season.' - - We went on a few paces. Then Steyno ' sar, down by the side of the road, and wrote n note on a leaf torn from his pocket-oooA. This he put into an envelope, which he sealed. ' Please drive to Weybridge as fast as you ? can,' he said to Corbett, ' and give this note to ihe police superintendent there. Yon may jump down, Farrar, 1 may want you.' ' In less than a minute the dog- cast had disappeared. Steyne and 7 went on till a clump of , buihes hid the river from us. ' Farrar,' he said, in an excite;! whisper, 'unless my eyes are not what they were, . v-- I saw a curtain move on board that house- l * boat ! Let us stay here aud watch it. J have sent for a boat. It will be here 'by- dusk.' - , ' We sat down and waited, taking turns to watch the house-boat. So the hours passed till nightfall. ' The shadows were deepening when ?we heard the sound of oars ; presently a boat drew.iuto the bank. Two men were. rowing, Oorbstt and two policemen werd in the steii sheets, . .' : We stepped in, and pulled away ' for the house-boat.1 . Before we reached it we heard a noise on board and we could just make out, iD the darkness, a small boat with .three- men in her, creeping out from between the house boat and the rivev bank. -,-? 'Give -way, men 1' cried Corbeth 'Curse the fools ! Why is -there only one pair or oars ?' ' : The small boat,1 with its light iiolgiii., rap:dly forged ahead. . Thare was a suarp ' bBnd in, the river just there; in another minute tb« boat would be out of sight. Suddenly a deafening scream : from r steam whistle burst on oar ears. A ste .in launch came rushing down, stream, aud cras'aed into the small boat. 'We heard cries from the'-'1 water,' bufc.before - ...,? we could reach the spot they had ceasdd. Nest day the three bodies were recovered. One of them Oorbitt recognised as the bb, red-haired man who had laughel in his face ' on the street. : In a tiny bedroom on board the house boat we found Miss Marchmont, somewhat dazed from a dose of opium .which (we sup posed) had been given her m h^r tea, but - ,* otherwise perfectly well. With her, to onr astonishment, was Eliza Forbes ! The gi;j was prepared to go to prison ; but she liarJ ? made herself so useful to Emily Marchmor.v during her detention on the house-boat, that the lady positively refused to allow 'liar to be prosecut-jd. ' ''..-?? Miss JJarchmont had bsea induced to li-avj tha train at Hanworth by a- false tele gram which purported to conaft from Mias Bellingham, saying that suspicious parsons had beea hanging a oeut the Thames- Wicis- haaa station, end that she had better, there forth, alight at Hanworth, and drive home. The fly had been pro juL\d beforehand, aiid was driven by one of the conspirators, li stopped opposite the houseboat, Where rae other two scoundrels were waiting for ii» It was :a.loucly part of the curiafcry, uad. Miss iVIarchaioat. vyas without lnueii Jiifi-. . A 'culty forced into a boat and tiken to the honse-boat, where JbWberi was wat ing k- receive her. Two months later, Miss Maroh mbnl, who had quite recovered xrom i:-.o shook of her ab luction, became Mrs Ai^n Corb3tt.~' Canterbury Times.' 