Musical Jottings. MDME. Melba, the famous Australian songstress, has written a touching letter of congratulation to Mdme. Dreyfus. THE LiedertafelGlee Singers, whose tenor is Mr.' Wallace Kenneday, of Adelaide,, contrib'nted 'four items at a recent conuert attlie ftoyal Albert hall, and had a good reception. 'BOBA BIRD,' (Josephine Jaoomb), has had twelve months' hard work. She sang twice in Paris, once at Mme, Marcbesi's, once at the Salle Erard. The Figaro said her voice was superb. Mb. Joseph Tapley, formerly of the Boyal Comics, recently won the Victoria and Diamond Jubilee Golf Challenge Cup in' England over a thirty-six hole course. MRS. Charles Turner (Annis-Monta gue), for so long' identified with the Australian operatic stage, and for' the past two years working as the head of u school of music in San Francisco, has returned'to her home in Honolulu. Miss Nora Dane, one of Australia's' numerous handsome vocalists, who is Studying with Tosti, will, tnake a public debut shortly'. Meanwhile; she has several Very profitable " At Home " engagements booked.- She is Bpending the summer with her uncle in Scotland. ' THE season at .Bayreuth is in full swing. Besides crowds of musical notabilities, many well known people from every corner of Europe are to be seen walking or driving towards the " FeBtspielhaus " on the hill. This is " the " thing to do in the afternoon at Bayreuth. LONDON dramatic and musical agents have now an aristocra'ic rival. A well-known London society lady. haB opened an.agepcy.for supplying mem bers of the aristocracy with dramatic and musioal artists lor their afternoon and evening parties. Her speciality is arranging the performanceof French one- act plays 'and 'monologues with Parisian actors and actresses. THE Sydney Liedertafel has decided to stage at one of the city threatres a sew opera, < Lady Lucretia,' composed by its conductor, Mr. Alfred Hill, to a libretto by Mrs. Margery Browne, of Drummoyne." ' It will not, however, be taken in hand immediately. Some Sydney people have shown practical interest in the matter by subscribing £250 to acBitt. th<e production of the piece. SIB Arthur Sullivan, according to a late London esfaatige.iB at his river side cottage«t Weybridge, busy up on the new light ^topera which, to ia libretto by Mr. Hood, he is writing for the Savoy. It will probably be produced in October. Sir A. C. Mackenzie is also far advanced upon an opera^on the, Bubject.of Dickens'' ' Cricket on the Hearth,'"which it is hoped will be produced in London at ChristniaB. MR. John F. Sheridan and . Miss Gracie White'ford, . who have' just arrived in;.Australia bringing with them from lioniSon"Miss Maud Dinny (sopran6)i Mr. Leon Roche (baritone), Mr. Frederick Sinclair (comedian), and Mr. Frank" Weatherahy (stage manager). They will vappear in the opening attraction^ " When the Lamps are Lighted," .' in -which incidental i mueic forms an' intrinsic part. The Sheridan repertoire will also include " Little Christopher Columbus," " The Lady Slavey,"-'"The Circus Boy," " The Barmaid," and " A Trip to Chicago." THE Carl Bosa Opera Company haB "smashed'"-again. One ghost re fused to walk at the -end of the first week, so at the end of the .second the entire company struck, as it'was dis covered that Dr. Carr, who was run ning the company, had no capital to work on. Madame Cecilia Staunton and Messrs; Arthur Deane aod F. H. Hobbs, therefore, jiud themselves " resting " once -more. The eventual fate qf the company is still uncertain. I* is questionable whether gran 1 opera in the country has not haditB day, eo far, at all events, as the English .pro vinces are. concerned. THE Royal Comic Opera Company will make itig appearance in Sydney about 4th November, and during the return season the. opera of Bobin Hood will be played, ! Aa.to n e s B" Lop Son Qpera rea son,' there are'many-rumours, but. in order to avoMrthe .-fatigue,,.which is engendered b'y.an American, tour, several of the'greater stars do not1 in tend to go tothe United States. 'This will be all the*b«tter tot' Covetit Gar den, as tbe directors have found that after six months in America the bulb of the artists amvein England with their voices thoroughly worn out and unfit for the fatigue of May, June, and July, which are none too bracing: months In London. ?Y last mail's . news Madame Patti, now Baroness. Cederstrorn, had got back borne again trom her third honey moon, looking younger tban ever. She gave n concert in Swansea, which was .lone in a royal style, with flags flying ell over the town and general enthus iasm. The usual "lovely bouquet" was presenter) to the still reigning queen of song' at the railway station. She wore a white satin dress and her . full regalia of jewels and orders. The Baroness was assisted at the consert by leading London singers, including the baritone Kichard Green, the besti " Tonio " on the English stage. . 1 AT Newport, America, Lord Tar mouth is very buBy in arranging for the amateur tjieatrioals which will be produced in the firBt week of Septem ber, in which Jie' is * to be the greatebt attraction. Jfe has suoceeded in en listing the assistance of most, if not all, the pretty .girls there, including Misses Ediih 'Clapp, Julia Dent.Grant, who is engaged to Princo Cantaouzene., Elsie FiPncti^'Lily Oeliichs, Evelyn Borden, arid 'Potter, daugater of MTS. Brown Potter. Some vaudeville specialities' will fee "given by society amateurs between the acts of the com edy, and at leaBt gpe belle will biack her facea'nd Ring copn snngsi M. MAX\\\lvary, the famous tenor, about lour years ago,' when h® was no longer in good health and was able to fill hiB pfofRssiorial engagements ouly with great difficulty! fell on the stage of the theatre at Mannheim in Baden daring a performance of "Siegfried." The injuries hastened his end, although from the bature ot his disease death nas inevitable, j.n a short tine. The singer bropgliCg.uit.against the city of Mannheim, ana after his d£atk the litigation was.continued by his heirs. It hat finally been settled by the pay ment to them of nine hundred pounds as satisfaction tor all claims tin y may have against the city. FOB the Wagnerian operas, after the departure' of Herr Mottl,. the Syndicate brought over Pr. Muck, who has a certain Continental reputa tion, which was well advanced at Covent Garden. Tt was owing to an unfortunato misunderstanding with Dr. Muck that 's good, deal of the Jean De Resz' e trouble arose early in the season. Thfegreat tenor, for the first performance of- Die Meisterringer, sent the conductor a list of his 'cuts,' and Dr. Muck, a rabid and thorough WagDerian, nearly fell off hiB seat when the matter was explained to him His answer waBto the effect that Mr. De Beszkk should «ing the music ' in its entirety or not at all/ and to this autocracy was owed the almost perfect performance of Tithe gieatest comic opera the century, has Been. IT is not known that Verdi vary narrowly escaped being a marquis once. At present the famous com poser is taking the-waters at Monte-, catini, where is; also staying Signor Martipi, the Governor of Erythrea, to whom, Verdi hfis ppid a visit. It is An unusual circumstance /or Verdi to visit official personages, an'd^ .as he explains to his friends, if he h<ks gone": out of .his way to do. it in the .dogJ days, it is becau&e;'he has never before had an opportunity" of thanking the Governor, who'"' saved him from a patent of nobility. It appears (says the .Era) that'^wnen " FalBtaff " was at the height of its' Buccfees, the' Italian Government seriously entertained the idea cf creativg'tbecolnpocer Marquis of Baseto. Signor- Martini, however, who was Minister for Public Instruo tion, killed the project by pointing oat that Verdi's fame was of such a kind that a title could only obscure it. So Verdi remained Verdi, and will so be known till the end of time. FIFTV thouNgnd MaiiRer rifle*, 500,000 cartridges, are to be sent from Holland , to.. the Transvaal im mediately. The September rains in the Trans vaal baTe commenced. Scarcity of water has hitherto delayed the Bners inrinitiatinc an attack ou thf frontier. It is feared. tli«t gvcat difficulty will be experience! in prowrtioning Johan nesburg. .; A BOON to cigarette sraoVers, WILLS clebrated impiirted. "CAPSTAN" Cg garettes, 4d pT packet of 10. 