Yera's Flirtation. CHAPTER XXIX. THK GlIOST ! ' Mabel was so sui'e thnt I -would fulfill my part of tlio agreement,' continued Vera, ' that she sent in tlio announcement of the double weddiug to all tho society papers, and now I ? ask you, Clark, what is to bo dono?' His face was very palo. Ho rose hurriedly and paced nervously up and down tho length of tho luxurious drawing-room. ' Sho should havo consulted mo on such an important step,' he snid, with much agitation. ' Sho thought my will was your law, Clark,' Vera answored, huskily, ' aud fully believed I would bo only too pleased to carry out my promise, aud that the reminder of it, seeing it in tho papers, would quito delight mo.' ' True, I had forgotten to look at it in that light,' ho said. ' I could only think of ono thing, and that was tho disrespect it would bo showing to my poor littlo Margery's memory to permit tho marriage to take place so soon after her terrible death.' Vera rose quickly to her feet and looked at him steadily. ' Would you causo mo the slmmo of having it postponed ?' sho asked, huskily, adding — ' Remember, no ono hereabouts knows of your ill-starred marriage with Margery Car lylo. It is needless to remind you that I havo all tho prido of tho Kingsfords, and that it would kill mo to be mado tho subject of idlo gossip, which would assuredly bo the caso if —if—' , With a great burst of sobs sho broke down utterly, hiding hor face in hor handB. ' If the marriago had to bo postponed,' ho supplemented, quietly. Sho nodded her dark, curly head in assont, 'Nothing shall over bo done to wound or grieve you if I can prevent it, Vera,' ho said, gravely. ' Do not . weep — dry your tears, and let the wedding take place on tho dato mentioned, for a fato ? beyond our control seems lo havo willed it should bo so.' Whon sho had gained tho privacy of hor own room that aftornoon, Vora Kingsford told herself that sho was indeed a most clover girl. Sho had certainly planned and executed successfully a most daring seliomo. Tho real facts in tho cafeo woro that Vera had written to hor friond upon hearing of hor approaching, wedding, begging that it might bo a double affair, and take place at The Crags threo wooks from that date, and tho young girl readily consented. Vora horsolf had sent tho notices' of tho approaching wedding to tho society papers. She knew Clark's nature well enough to readily foresoo that if publicity was givon to tho ovont, Btating that it was to talco place on a certain day, Clark would readily acquiesce. Threo weeks would pass by quiokly with Olark by hop side, and thon good-byo to tho old life 1 . Sho would marry Olark, and induce him to livo abroad. Sho built wonderful air-castlos of how sho would defy Justin to do hor worst, if tho girl should over traco'hor and dare como to hor. Sho would keep tho distanco of tho whole country botwoon Olark ahd his mother, that sho might not bo eternally dinning in his oars tho praises of Margery. Sho hatod the namo of Margory as sho had hatod tho sweet-faced girl who hnd borno it. Clark could not find it in his heart torofuso Vora whon sho urged bo parsistoiitly that ho should remain at Tho Crags until tho oero mony took place, Ho found tho days hang ing long and tedious on his hands, and ho wondored how ho would pass his lifo- timo ?with Vera whon ho found a fortnight with hor so tirosomo. Besides, there wasplonby of diversity in tho way of amusement, for Tho Crags wns always thronged with morryguosts, Clark was not a young man who was demonstrative in his affection, Ho was now all that — attentive to Vora, anticipating ' hor ? ovory want, and constantly by hor side ; but those who watched him lcoonly notiood thoro ?was certainly a lack of truo lovo in his hoart toward tho boautiful girl whom ho was so soon to mako hia bride. . His oyes novor brigh toned whon sho ontorod tlio room, and tlioy novor followed hor — as a lover's oyes aro wont to do — when sho loft it. Ho was novor .jealous or impatient, no mattor how loug sho talkod with gontlomon, nor did ho.Boom to botho.lonst ooncornod aa to how . many smiles sho gavo them. Thoy wondered curiously how a girl liko dark-oyod Vora Kingsford oouldjiavo ohosoii so cold a lover. Hor idolatrous lovo was oortninly patont onougli to uvoryono.' Tho girl soomod. to livo \- only iu his proflouco: — all hor brightnoss, hor gaiety and smiles soomou to tall irom nor whon ho loft hor. Hor girl friends spoko of it among thom boIvob witli wonder. ' It is not right to idolizo a man aftor that fashion,' thoy would doolaro— and thoy folt. sorry [or Vora. _ _ Tlioy all know how dovotodly Clark Wellington had lovod tho. lawyor'a lovoly daughter when ho was ouly hor fathor's sooro tary, and thoy quito boliovod it must bo the newly acquired wealth whioh had onusod suoli ti bhango ia. him. How littlo tlioy ^ knojv of tho man's Tioart — how it was wearing itself o\it for lovo of tho ono ho lmd lost, and that ? ovon in lu's sloop ho would ofton ongorly call upon a namo, and that namo was— Margory. Yoh, thoy folt sorry for Vera, and thoy snaonlatod as to what sho would ovor do if sho woro to Iobo him. What a pity that' ho oould nob lovo hor as sho lovod hint 1 ' There are some lines I read somewhere which always occur to mo when I see them together,' said one of tho young girls, as they were discussing tho subject ono day. ' Here they are and sho repeated slowly : Starved — starved — starved 1 Yet queen of the feast was she, And a livoried servant's ebony bands Proffered the fruits of tropical lands To ber on beDded knee ; ' Yet a horrible hunger night and day Was gnawing ber life and strength away. ' ' DyinR— dying of thirst, Tho* at her lightest will The costliest wines like water flowed, Fosmed in tbe cryttsi and gleamed and glowed, But left ber tbiretier still j But she felt that the fruit and wins were cursed. For Bho stirved with hunger and choked with thirst. Many a suitor wooed, For sbe was paBBing fair; Fortunes were proffered and jewels' bought, And challenges given and duela fought ; But what did my lady care P For she wasted her love and gave her heart To one who haughtily stood apart. She. thirsted for one fond look, Sbu starved for a liittB denied ; Bnt he cared no more for her smile or blush . Than the glticior cirea for the red rosebush j Aod she pined away and died. And true hearts mourned her many a year While the rain she died for shed not a tear. Tie ever the way of the foolish fair To die for the one wbo does not care. Tho group of girls who had been discussing tho matter had entered tho drawing- room, indulged in their littlo gossip half nn hour or more, and then passed out. Thoy had imagined tliemsolves talking in the strictest privacy, aud not ono of them dreamed of looking behind tho heavy silken portieres that screonod tho bay-window looking out upon tlio lawn. Had they done so thoy would have seon a white-facod girl loaning heavily against tho marblo Flora. It was Vora Kingsford. ' Every ono sees, every ono knows that ho does not lovo mo,' sho moaned ; ' but I never know that his coldness to me was becoming public talk. Ah ! pitying God, is thoro any fate more cruel than to lovo deeply, passion ately, with all tho strength of one's heart and soul, and not bo, loved in return P And yot for all that I would rather 'bo his wife, though ho abhorred mo, than bo tho brido of any othor man, though he placed the wealth of tho whole world at my feet.' Tho days flow quickly by, and at length tho night preceding Vora's wedding-day arrived. Tho Crags waB filled with guosts, for tho marriago was to tako place oar ly the following forenoon. Ono by ono tho lights from tho many win dows had gone out, and one by one tho guests had sunk to sleep, but ono figure never Btirrod from its placo by tho window, though tho clock in an adjacent belfry had long sineo poaled tho midnight hour. It was Vera. Sho threw up tho sash and leaned hor hot, flushed faco far out into tho night winds. A suddon temptation camo to«hor to leavo hor room and go, out into tho grounds, lato as tho hour was, and bid good-byo to tlio trees and flowora sho had lovod so well. Sho was going away on tho morrow. Would sho ovor again soo them with tho moonlight shining upon them ? Vera caught up a thin scarf, wound it about her head, and hurried silently through tho dark'onod hou,se out into tho shadowy grounds. Somo impulse sho could hardly account for drow lior out of hor way down to the beach walk, How dark and gloomy it looked down that dim avenue of bending trees, whoso branches, rocked by tho sobbing night winds, swayed dismally to and fro. ' I have played under thoir shade a light hearted, morry child; I havo walked witli Clark in those days when ho lovod mo so woll —a happy girl; nnd' I shall pass down this avonuo. to-morrow, loaning' upon his arm — his brido. 'I shall, try' to commonco lifo all over again from tho hour that wo aro wod. I shall try to- blot out, if it lays within human 'powor, that ono awful scene that has haunted me day and night. My fleBh oreops ovon now whon I think of it 1 Iiow horrible that tho momory of it should bo so strong upon mo to-night ! ' I havo askod myself ovor aud ovor ngain if I am sorry, and I can not anBwor ' No, '.for had it not happonod I should novor havo boon Clark Wellington's brido. No, I can not say that I regret it, for ib will gain me at last tho lovo of tho only man on oarth I could ovoi1 oaro for. I — ' ? Tho sentonco was novor finisliod, for Vora had oomo suddenly across a dork figure soatod upon ono of tho bfinohoB — tho figure of a woman 1 ' Who aro you, nnd what aro you doing horo?' Vora domandod, stopping short. Tho dark figuro turned slowly towards hor, ?and tho moonlight fell full upon fooi* faco. 'My God! shrioked Vera, with a wild cry. ' It is a ghost — tho ghost of Margory 1' CHAPTER XXX. m a R.a e k y's b i O'H r. Tlio dark figure, rose Blowly and approached ?hor. 'Hush! unless you would alarm tho whole houBoliold,' said a voioo that was decidedly human. ' 1 am not a ghost, I am indood Margory 1' / , I ' Manrorv oould not oomo back from tho Blaok Pool !' cried Vora, in awful terror. ' I saw hor go down and, the black waters close ovor, hor.' ? , -V. . ' ' That was your will, Vora 'Kingsford,' roturnod tho othor, solomnly. ' But Hoavon willod'diJforontly. You would havo committed a-torriblo orimo had I died in the dark wator into which you thrust mo; you aro saved from tho responsibility of an awful sin doliboratoly planuod. I. havo oomo horo to night to save, you from committing on tho morrow anothor and as groat a sin— that of marrying* a man who has a living wifo. I havo travelled footsoro many a woary mile to toll you that I— poor, dospisad hoart-brokou Margory— am Clark Wellington's ? .wadded wifo 1' . . \- Aftor tho first groat shook Vora Kingsford tfrow suddenly bravo, Sho roahsod with a thrill of rago that this was indood Margory in tlio ilosh. ! Boforo slio had timo to uttor tho words that sprung to hor lips, the girl wont on huskily! ' I was just about to toll yoa this ab that ! fatal moment whon you Btyuolc mo down with so cowardly a blow. ; i ' I wish I had killod you 1', oriod Vera, frantically. 'I am loath to boliovo my own eyesight in sooing, you: standing hore whon I saw you go down into tho dark wator/', ! ' Let mo tell you how I wns saved,' said Margery, slowly ; ' and after I have told you all, permit mo to implore you to let mo see my — my husband just one little minuto, then he can go out of my life — forever !' ' Whatever be may havo been to you, Clark Wellington is not your husband now !' cried Vera, triumphantly, ' I will tell you what will be news to yoti, perhaps : Clark has secured a decree of divorce from you. When search was made for you and you could not be found, it was readily given him for — your abandonment,' 'And you, knowing tho truth, lot that infamous wrong go on ?' inquired Margery, looking at hor beautiful, defiant, rival with sad, tear-wot eyes. ' What was your memory or your reputa tion worth to mo?' retorted Vera, fiercely. 'Truo, I had forgotten that,' returned tho other. ' And as you woro nothing — living or dead — to Clark- Wellington, I now order you from, these grounds. Go your way! Iio would spurn you from him if you wero to seek him !' cried Vera, hotly. ?' ' ' I do not believe in breaking .^e bonds that Heaven imposes upon those who tako upon themselves the solemn marriago vows. In tho sight of God I am his wife — though but a wifo in namo only — and will be his wife until death claims us !' ' Your faith in your powor of claiming a man who has learned to abhor you is vory strong,' sneered Vora ; ' but you will soon find out you havo made a mistake, and a glaring one, in daring to como hero' on such an orraud.' ' I shall never leave these grounds until aftor I havo seen and spoken with my — my husband !' declared the girl iu a low, steady voice. Even in the dim light Margory could seo how Avhite Vera Kingsford's face grow, and how tho firo flashed in her dark, merciless, glaring oyes. Tho memory camo to Vora, as she stood there facing Margery, how sho had lured tho girl at night to tho Blnck Pool, aud thoro taunted hor with how little Clark Wellington cared for her, of (ho light words ho spoko of hor, and last, but by no means least, how Clark bad vowed only that evening' that ho loved herself — Vora — and only 'endured the presence of Margery b'ecause it was forced upon him, and that he had only been loaned to Margery, as it woro, aud that he thought it was about timo tho farco ended. 'I can not, I will not bolievo that!' Margory cried, beating the air with hor littlo whito hands. ' 1 will ask him to-night when I return to tho house 1' 'You shall not — you must not?' Vera had expostulated, in affright. ' I will !' sobbed Margory. ' I shall not bo taunted by tho words, ' my lover was only loaned to me,' any longer. Ho must choose botwoon you and mo, Vora Kingsford, and I shall toll him bo !' In tho height of hor ungovornablo rago at this sho^liad turned and struck Margory on tho faco with hor olinohod whito hand, and. tho girl foil a sonsoless heap at her feot. Tho ground wns stoop just thore, and ore sho could Bpring forward to prevent the awful calamity, Margery had rollod into tho. waters of the Black Pool, and she distinctly saw the waters closo ovor the white, terrified face. With a shriek of mortal terror Vora had wliooled around and fled from tho spot, novor pausing until, panting and gasping, sho ranched hor own room, and there fell in a, deep swoon to tho floor. But how did Margory osonpo tho horrible death .that seomed at tho timo inevitablo ? Vora's intense curiosity got tho bettor of hor rago and hatred, ' I — I did not mean to push you into tho pool,' she faltered, hoarsely, adding, in a shivering breath ' How did you osoapo ? Who saved you- ?' ' You did not wait to soo,' returned Mai'gery, stornly. ' I will toll you 'I dropped to .tlio earth, stunnod for an instant, whon you struck me ; but when I touched tlio water I revived and realised my horrible fato. I 'felt mysolf sinking — going down, down into the awful depths, and my. heart wont up in one wild prayer to tho God who watches ovor tlioso who' liavo always trusted iu Ilim. Thon as .suddenly 1 felt myself asoending. In an instant moro I reached tho surface of tbo pool, and my faco cleared tlio blaok waters. ' ' Catoh on to tho willow boughs right hero, and I will draw you out !' I heard somo one shout. I did so, and tho next instant a pair of stout hands began to draw me from tho water, Thon I hoard broken oxclama tions ih French, aud evon in tho midst of my peril I rooognisod the voice of Justin, your maid. By almost Tlorouloau strongth bIio drow mo from tho wator, lotting go hor hold whon slio had draggod mo a foot or so from the odge, and then, ovorcomo by the great and torriblo ordoal through which bIio had passed, sho sunk bosido mo in a deep swoon. ' I can only partly romombor what passod after that. I crept away to got aid for hor, and foil exhausted among tho bushes. When she recovered sho soarohod for mo, calling out my namo, and I triod to answer hor, but tho words diod ou my lips, leaving no sound. , Dioul Mon . DimiV she oriod, wringing her hands frantically. ' Sho has rolled back into tho Blaok Pool again. My offort to savo tho poor thing was useless after all;' and sho turned' from tho pool and -walked back to tho, house with nn unsteady stop.. . . ' ' How long I lay thoro I never know. A day and a night must havo passed. I was fainb from hunger and thirst, and I realized that no ono would ovor como .to soarch for mo thoro. I triod to make my wny baolc to tho liouso, but I must havo . wandorod away in quito an opposite dirootion. Long .days soomod to pass, and at longtli ' I found mysolf in a groat oorn field, with tho pitying faoos of two womon bonding ovor mo. Tlioy took mo to thoir homo and oarod for mo, and thoro^ I hovered botwoon lifo and doatli from that timo until a week ago. I must havo wandorod many a mile from Booohgrovo, for whon I awoko, to oonsoiouBnoss and inquirod for tho placo thoy did not know whoro it was, bub aftor muoh inquiry thoy found it. Thoy. also brought mo tho startling intolligonoo that tho plaoo was olosod, that tho mastor had gono to Virginia to, wod a. lovoly brido, and that his mother had. followed soon aftor to bo present e,t tho obromony. I uttorod no cry— no moan though tlio intolligonoo almost killod mo. ' That vory day I sot out for this plaoo, nnd I am horo ab last, thank God 1 ' All I ask of yoa is this ono favour, Vora Kingsford i lob mo look upon Clark's faco for ono momotii— lot mo liodr his, voico, that was the sweetest mtpio on earth to my ears, aud then I will go quietly awaj and leavo him to you, I do not care what will become of me after that.' Whilo Margery hnd been speaking a terrible plan had been forming in the brain, of Vera Kingsford. When one takes ths first step on tho downward patR of sin they find the path easy to traverse, and it was so with Vera. Stnnding there, she renewed the vow she had onco taken — that even tho girl's life should not stand between lier and tho ono great goal of hor ambition — that of being Clark Welling ton's wifo. Only a few hours more and ber hopes would havo been realized. Would have been ! Ah ! they must be realized still, was tho cry that welled up from her heart ! and slio knew full well tbat thero would be an eud to all her plans if Clark Wellington should see Margery again. She bent suddenly and took Margery's little cold hand. ' It is but natural thnt you should wish to see him 'again,' sho said, hoarsely. 'Tlio Hour is late, but lie is still in tho library. Come with me, and — and I will take you to him.' . Tho pity of i,t was that poor Margery be lieved her words, that she trusted ono who had played hor so falsely in tho dark, dread past ; but tlio girl's heart was guileless and trustful, aud she allowed Vera to lead her toward tho house. Thero was no word of warning to hor to bowaro as she crossed that fatal portal. Surely, tho girl'B guardian angols, if they know the fato iu storo for her, must havo wept tears of pity for her. ( To be continued.) 