RITUA.LlSMfA ,YD CUT/HUM BELLS 1 =. IN THE ANGLICAN (jllU.JiCil : It is interesting to note the edilics of Ritualism that since Reformation times hive in various ways, and from time to time, brought, the Anglic,m Church into rites very similar to thnse of her Roman sister. The first occasion was the Lnudean,'which ter minated with die .summoning of rhe Long Parliament, and practically disappeared for the rest of the century. But early in the eighteenth century it was revived, at least in connection with church beils, as we find from an interesting and comprehensive book On ''.Bells," by the Rev. W. 'I yack, author of "TheCross in Ritual," ".Architecture in Art, Historic .Dress of the Clc-rgy," etc: In his preface he remarks—" Beils are of interest to almost every one. Their voices to some tell only of daily duty, of the return of the hours of toil) or the ceaseless Uight of time. To others 'hey speak of devotion, and \re as the voice of a mother casing us to her knee for prayer. To others they arc means of . healthy, exercise,.,;aiid.„ instruments,. of heart-stirring music. Over and above, are increasing, iuinibef3:.whp";tal0:an .interest <ilso in the bells fhemselvCs^' v^o these the belfry has a story to telJ, now-full of ■ I ho resources bf art, hoSv of thoglamor of romance, now ol the stmggles of the faith. Recent y.-ars have seen not a : few books thereon, some dealing exhaustively with certain districts, others touching lightly a wiuov field How far. he has succeeded in doinj this in a popu lar way, others- tnu>ifc of course determine : but. the kindly manner in which the public has accepted some: previous: attempts of a somewhat- similar kind- bids - hmr hope for'a* generous reception.;' This he may well orpeot, f.-r the book is full »f historic interest,' ind from its pages we select the following information :— Anglican Bkll -BituImsm is 1700. ! Chauncy, writing in 1700 of the Parish) Church of Baldock in Herts, mentions that its nix be!]'; (there are novi' eight) had been duly blessed, with the full- pre-Reformation: ceremonies, which -lie goes on to describe as follows:— . ' ' ' The bell itself was placed Ufc the tower end of the church, hanging up oil two gudgeons, covered with rich velvet of a violet color. Pillars mid walls of the church were curiously adorned-with- sheets of silk Vuid~-picture-van" altar was erected .near the bell,, very neatly set forth,...a white.'satin'rob'e:was laid on it, ill order to cover it when baptised ; and a. great fair-garland of .clioice flowehs stood/by' it, to be placed on it. There was also. a. Roman ritual, a .censer,, and a vessel of holy water.., The Bishop. ;.saiig the first-Psalm, which was continued by the.music, and When all the Psahns wereended he. blessed, the. holy.water that it might afterwards sanctify the bell. This benediction wns very .'long, but ..when . it. was. finislied theL'-Bishop and priest dipped 'sponges in it, with which they rubbed the bell within and .without, repeat ing i in the iiieaiiwhiie divers prayers 'full'' tff • heavenly Blessings, to .purify; sanctify, and'! consecrate the bell. The : bell being 'thus ;' washed; they dried'1 it With clean napkins', and the Bishop; taking the 'vial of libly oil, . j he.anointed-.the crock-of- metal; lixedin the:s crowii of the.'bell in 'oVde'r! to iuakl' the deVil, flee at the'sound of it. ...Then lie made seven; other' crosses with the' oil oiu the inside, of the bell. ■ ... : The. next "portion"-? the Bishop then ;pro ceeded to ask whether the founder \vc.s paid and;-satisfied. -They;;aiisi%e^<;j'east^-J2i^fj r he. desired ,\vbat. name they desired to hav.e: put ou the .be'l. /filename being given; the Bishop took two _grcat_ silk. ribbons which'. iiadTieeu.fastenedJto the'gudgeons, -and-gave each of them one in their bands, and pro? Bounced witlv„;i loud clear1 voice the' words of consecration : "Let;this sign >be ..consecrated: in -the-nanio of the- Fat,her; -Son, arid" Holy: "Ghost.; Ainen.'' . ",Then tju'ning agaiii",to tliei p«cple he' said, "The,name of,this;belli is" Mary.". y After, that, he -took the censer and; censed it around about .in.'the outside, then put. the ceiiser under , the..Veil iull'of sacred,? fumes,, repeating'nil the .time prayers and invocations; j -_i'~ ... The > dedication- of' the iiew' bells.: at Sb.v Paul's in Novenilftr 187}) is thus described.-: At the conclusion of Evensong a procession was formed,-- consisting, of- the, choir, the, CatWlraV clergy^ .aiid:.'the. Bishop.. It made : its way by .the - geometrical; -staircase' to th'e singing chamber.' Here several psalms were sung, coiumenehig'with''."3Ue'Pi^fUndis"'*an<l concludiii", with -••JLiatidate'l>on-;i!iuiii,!' after; , which followed ii number of versiclcs and responses. The Bishop then said . several .special collect?: ; the lirst: prayci- that tiie bells nii«Iit .be'.'blessed to' the. spiritual, well-, beingof the - people ; Uie next recalling the; silver ti-iiiupets ijiade ,by Divine' coiimwnd for> .isumiiioniiig.the ^seniblie^i.of Israelites, asked that those :who'heard the hells-might joyfully .olj'ey' "the"e;dl'rto ineefc together in God's holy church. - Other, collects were' supplications 011 behalf of' those who 'might' hear. After :the ■ singing of' ari appropriate hymn, _ the collect. for St. Paul's Day was said, and the' blessing given by tliii lMshopi. wh o, af ter a-, slio rt'' 'paiisiS^'gay'e the wpi-d to the ringers'to'soiind the ' bells. ' "The ringing 'of a short peal com^tetedrthe ^irnJilti; but [.irapressire cefiomon $''i'''>r 