PUBLISHBD BV BTK0I1L (LBEANBElUnra.J the ' Swr RITA; Author of " Peg tho Rake," " Kitty the Rag," " Two Bod BlueEyes," " A Woman in It." ' " Darby and Joan," "Tho Grinding Mills of God," " A Daughter of the People," "A Husband of No Importance," &o.;, &o.; . ' . corntionT. CHAPTER XII. — IContinuedX <5jW tho life of ino I could Iff mako no objection. I seemed to have lost all I - power of will. I sat helplessly in my chair looking at the old serving womun. She li'nd a kindly face, and I thought I read in it oompn8siori for iny lonely und sad condition. Her mistress bade her call Mr. Malpae, and I heard licr toll him that the necessary arrangements had been made, and that. I would remain whore I:was. My box "was to be brought to some plnce whoso name I could not catch, and an individual of the numo of Peter Pasco was to fotch' it thenoo on the morrow. The old lawyer listened in silence, his eyes on my face. " Yon are satisfied ?" ho asked at last. "Yes," I answered.' - I' Satisfied to stay hero, seeing no one, going nowhere beyond this houso and its boundary until such timo us you are free to leave it in pursuit of your own career?" "Yea, "I said aguin. "Then my part in the bnsiness is over." Ho tnrned to his olient. Hor face had a watchful, brooding expression. She leant her check upon her hand, and tho silver waves of her wonderful hair foil over hor arm and over the littlo table on which it rested. "I hope," he said, "you will havo no cause to repent this whim of yonrs. Remem ber, I givo it no sanction." " You aro paid to do my bidding, not to approve or disapprove of it," sho answered. He bowed. " That is true," he said. " You havo no further instructions — at present?!' " None." He turned to mo. I rose somewhat un steadily. I felt as if I wore taking leave of a friend. When once ho was gone how should I oudura thiB lonely, dreary place — this sclf- chosen prison ? I suppose my face showed some signs of wliut 1 felt, for ho took my hands und hold thorn in a dose comforting grasp. " There is nothing to fear," ho said, with emphasis. "You will be cared for and attended to. And on tho first day of overy month I como hero. If yon can stand loneli ness and wunt of companionship for a fow months, you may even cujoy an uneventful existence. Life at Penharra is hko a dream — passivcj stagnant, from which all emotions ana all interests are shut out. Cun you bear this? If not, there is yet timo to draw hack." Something, somo remnant of thnt.lost girl hood, that sweet past when life was sorrow- less, swept waveliko over my memory. A horror of my deception, a sense of whnt my present action might mean for somo innocent future broke upon inc. "Not too late," I thought, " not too late." Alas ! like a flood that sense of what I had done, of what I yet was bound to do, rushed buck. My momentary softness vanished. The fever of my desperate situation fired my brains with new courage. "I do not repent," I said, firmly, "audi have no intention of drawing hack." Ho dropped my hands. Ho looked onco more at my face, at tho falso pretence of mourning, at the ring that circled my finger. Then ho turned away, and in another moment I heard his step on tho uncurpeted corridor, and followed it with strained ears until tho clang of the closing door shut it out from this desolate abode. CHAPTER Xlil. UNE 21.— If nothing olao had driven mo to keeping a journal, tho loneliness of this new life of mino would have douo so. No moated grange, no tower of prisoned princess, could have matched for loneliness and isolation this dreary Cornish home. Nature itself has defended it from all external intrusion. In a cleft of tho winding cliff itB foundations havo beon hollowed out, and the houso is invisible, I believe, from tlie top or bottom of tlio chino. Seen by daylight, it 13 a dreary place, though tho kindly hand of nature haB given its walls and casements lavish decoration. The garden has 'suffered from neglect. The one old serving, mun, husband to Rntb Pasco, could not possibly compete witli the over-springing luxuriance of weed und branch und tangling creepers. Tho paths arc moss-grown, tho flower bods presont a wild magnificence of riotous beauty; tho grass grows rank and high, save only in that spaco whioh onco meant the lawn. Tho rooms inhabited by Miss. Ponhurva are three in number, und open out of tlie corridor I have bofore described. They are always kept olosely shuttered. No glcum of daylight enters there, and if air is given it is only at night. To my knowledgo no window is ever opened. Sho has her meals alone. I am served in the great bleak dining-room bolow, and so dreary and weird it is, with the old family portraits looking down in, grim questioning at suoh an intruder, that I ofton long to snatch up my plate, and retreat to tho lipmely and less ceremonious regions of tho kitehen. Yet Ruth Pasco is not very livoly company, and old Peter is more grim and silent even than his wife. The groundB are spociouB, but tho mere fact of being limited to their extent gives me a feeling of. imprisonment. In a short time I know every nook and comer of them, every aspeot of thoir wild beauty, every advantage taken by natnro of long neglect. Then a weariness and horror of tlicm over took mo. _ I longed to bo away froip these gloomy thieketa ; to soole the oliffs, to float seawards, to bathe in the bine waves, to roam at will over tho firm white sands. But I had given my word, und hero I must remain. I sewed diligently, though I had never been over fond of my noodle. I ransacked tho bookshelves for anything of intorest, hut tbo musty old volumes wero not of a kind to allure my taBte, or charm away tho dullness of long blank hours. Of papers or maga zines, anything that brought news of tho outer world wo had none. DuyB, weoks, passed, and monotony claimed me as its vietim, and now I scarcely note the passngo of timo. In tho pyonings Miss Pennorva sends for me. Sometimes wo play picquet or eoarte. Sometimes sho watches mo working, oe speechless and motionless as u marble figure. Somotimos sho talks Btruugc, bittor talk of wrongs and vengeance, and a fieroe fire glows in hor eyes, and she rises und paces tharoom with tho savage, swift stop of a caged animal. It ie a dreary life, a terriblo life, yet I must go through with it. This molanonoly abode scorns to me a eity of refuge, and I can hope to find no other so safo una so scouro. a It is Into afternoon, and I havo beon aitting at my window watching tho storm. There is a grim red light in tho west, bursting through piled masses of darlc clouds. The noieo of the sea is like distunt thunder. The grass below is strewn with tho wreokago of broken boughs and sonttered leaves. Forlorn birds perch in- sodden misery on the tossing branches. Tbo sweep of rain and wrath of wind chain my eyes and ears with u molan- oholy fasoination. Tho unutterablo loneliness and dreariness of my lifo appal mo us I realise thorn afresh. The future bus no hopo, no umbition in whioh I may indulge. A few months - und I must loavo my present rcfugo and faoo the world on inv own account, with littlo money, without friends, without hopo. "PorhupsI may die," I say tomyself. " It would bo best, it would be a way out of all this trouble." ' t v A knook at tho door, and the voice of old Ruth Pusoo' telling me that MissPenhorva wished to see me, interrupted me here. I olosed tho hook, and obeyed tho eummona. Miss Ponharva was sitting in her usual place. Tho sound of the storm was audible oven in'that olosed room. The rain beat on tbo sbutterB, and tho wind howled and moaned liko n boost awaiting its prey.. The solitary occupant of the lonely room soomod to mo more ghostly than nsual. Two candles on the mantelshelf throw n straggling light around, but tho.'distaut spaces were dim and shndowy. I approaohed. " You wished to see me, Miss Penharva ?" I said. She looked up. Something in her eyes tonohed me. They were more human, ao to speak; and the cold whitoncss of her face seemed touched and warmed by some innor feeling. "Yes," she said, "I wished to see yon. Is there a storm without?" " Yes, a fearful ono. You can hear the wind, oan you not ?" "Yes," she said drearily. "It wakens all tho echoes here— the echoes in tho honse, in my heart, in my lifo." I took tho chair opposite her own. I made no answer ; only looked at her with that curious sense of wonder and interest that sho always roused. "Was ho cruel to you ? Do yon hate him?" she said, suddenly. "Ho — who?" I answered, vnguely, for my thoughts had wandered far away. "Tho man who wronged you." " There are no words to express my hate," I said, fiercely. " I see my wholo life laid desolate; misery and humiliation on every side. And my only fault was — truRt." She rubbed hor thin white bands together. A look of fiendish exultation was in her eyes. " Hate him ! Hate him with all your heart and soul ! " she cried. " Let hate spur your thoughts to vcngcnce. Man has no mercy on woman. She is his prey, his victim, his sport and pastime. Why should she be merciful when her chance and hor hour comes. Look hero ! - Look nt this ! " She seized her long white tresses and tore at them. She bent her withered hands against her withered breast in a sudden fury. Her face was convulsed. Her eyes gleamed with manifest ferocity. " A man did this. A man turned me from flesh and blood to stone. A man whom I loved, whom I trusted. If he stopped short of greater wrong it was not from want of will. Child, a mutual sorrow draws us into sympathy. But be warned in timo. Fool them, lie to them, hurt them, play with them, bnt never believe in their lovo, never trust their honour ! " With a moan she hid her faco in her hands, and all that silver veil fell over her liko a garment. I watched hor wonderingly, started by this sudden outburst of rago and passion. Sho had never spokon like this to me, never betrayed such intensity of feeling. . I remained silent, waiting on her mood, and tho sound of tho storm filled the gloom, and its ccrio echoes moaned throngh tho corridors without. Whon sho lifted her head again, it was to speak of tho reasons that accounted for my presonco here, and I began to understand them in tho light of thoso disjointed phrases. A child to be reared and nurtured in .such fashion that it would he tho instrument of her own revenge ; a child who should drink in hatred and contempt of men as it drank in food and light and air ; a child who should go forth to the world dowered with this hatred, and owning vast weulth, yet be the minister of hate, and the scourger of passion. I shuddered as I listened, and yet remem bered that ' this ohild would ho mino. Its heritage contumely, its birthright shame. Yet, with sudden terror, I asked myself had I any right bo to dispose of any human thing, even a life for which I might havo to giromy own ? Had I any right to barter freedom of action, possible peace of mind, nil or any of thoso gifts of physical nxistenco which nature claims for her offspring ? Hie wrong done to mysolf could not bo righted by tho further wrongdoing of another, oven if that other was tho victim of a tragio fate, and wholly innocent of tho misery its prospective exist ence was causing. In tho long silence that followed that passionate outburst thought was merciless to me, and I lived throngh spaces of both past und future in vivid flashes of what had been and what might bo. When she spake again hor voico was weak and tremulous. It hold the echoes of somo unexpressed misery, but I lacked courage to ask of its nature. Tho storm raged ou without, and tho stress and fury of human passion and human griefs raged on within, and wo two sat in tho deeponing gloom nurs ing- our vengeance in tho very impotence of despair. Was over anything stranger than the cir cumstances of my present lifo ? Sometimes it seems liko a dream from which 1 shall wukon to find myself once more in tho dear old -vicarage. Sleep itself, with its visions and phantasies, is more rcul ut times than this existence. I wander through the ghostly corridors, I listen in tho silonco of tho night to the whis perings und stirrings that fill the gloom with mystery. I seo the moonlight stream through my uuourtnincd window in tho warm summer nights, aud I listen to the sea's untiring murmurs and tho owl's weird hooting. I am not afraid of tho lonelinesspow. I havo grown used to it, and to all sthe void and darkness that havo surrounded my life's onco passionate fullness. But I know it is not good forme. I know that my years are yet too young for tho sap of joy to bo wrung out of thom, und when I rise listlessly to meet each now day, and soo iny hollow eyes and pale oheeks, I torn away from tho too candid truthtollcr that confronts me, and wonder dimly if this pale ghost can really bo mysolf. . There is nothing to tell, nothing to record. One day is like another as tho summer drifts along. Tho eohoos of tho harvest fields can not penetrate hero. The failures or successes of tho fishing boats are nnhoerd or unheeded by any inmato of Fenharva. Tho only voice from tho outer world that ever rcaohos us in that of Mr. Malpas. On the, first of every month he appears and has an interview with Mibs Ponharva. Some times I seo him in tho gloomy dining-room, but oftoner I avoid him. Ho makes mo uu- comfortuble. Day follows day, week drifts after week, Tho loaves turn from green to gold. Fruit and grain havo been' gathorod and reaped. Tho tints and scents of uutumn sharpen into chilliness nt dawn and nightfall. In'oto a look of question and anxiety in old Ruth's face, mid I am surprised whon sho tells mo that sho is going to sloep in the littlo room that opens out of my own. Then I know that tho hour of my trial is approaohing, aud my courage begins to foil. It was midnight. I wolco from a troubled Bleep and looked about me. Thero was a firo in tho grate, and a shaded lump on the tablo near by. Ruth Pubco was sitting by the fire ou a low chair erooning dreamily to something she held in her arms. Something that raado a littlo odd funny noise, a feeble wail that to mo sounded the oddest and most pitiful thing I have over heard. I lifted myself' from tho pillows and poered forward. to be continued. 