ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. CONSECRATION CEREMONY. A MAGNIFICENT DONATION. All men of liberal mind who are not adherens of the denomination will, we think, admit this of their Roman Catholio fellow- Christitms; that they tako the firat place in practical support of their churoh, and whether it is due to the vigorous climate of this distriot, or to the remarkable ability of the reverend gontleman who is iu charge of the parish (who has the happily appropriate title of "administrator") or partly to each, it is a fact tint lho Roman Catholics ot Orange are secoud to none of their co religionists iu Australia iu practical endoavoi on behalf of the church. The foundation 6tono of tho now R.C. Churoh was laid by his Eminence Cardinal Moran in May last, and the only mistake made is to be seen on ths etono itself, wbicb does not mention the year iu which it was laid ! We do not know whether this is to be regarded as a uniijue specimen of what some Euglitli writers call " unconscious Irish humor," but the fact remains that the foundation stone of St. Joseph s is the only one on earth. 60 far as the preseut writer has been able to discover, wi h the number of 'ho Anno Domiui in which it was laid, luft out' However, when Cardinal Moran laid the foundation stone uu immense sum of money was ooliootod and it was believed thit on thtcompletiun und dedication a t-imilar amount would be .received. That this belief was well- founded was proven by the result as will bo thowa Inter on. THE BECErilOX. Invitatious were sent to leading dignataries of the church to attend tho dedication coiomony and the distinguiflied visitors arrived iu Urange by the " paper train" (mn by tho N.S.W. Government to help the city pajioit to crush country journals out of existence, on Satuiday afternoon. The visiting prelates •were—Dr. Higgins, Suffragan Bishop o! Sydney; Dr. GulUglwr, Coadjutor Bishop ol Guulburn; Dr. Dwyor, Coadjutor Bishop ol Muitland; Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst Father Byrne, of St. titauuluus' College, aud Father Flanagan, of Kelso, accompanied the visitors. 'Jhero was a great number of leadiug townsmen on the platform to receive the visitors, amo"g them being Moss'?. Jutnes Balton, S. Kearney, A. &kL;)ermott, P. J. Flanagan, L. lieu ton, J. Fitzgerald, and Dr. Cruise. The train was besieged on arrival, an enormous crowd of children so blocking the way that it was with difficulty Mr. Dalton at.d Mr. Kearney reached the carriage to fot mally welcome the visitors to Orange. Carriages wereiuwaiing to convey the visitors to tho church, where the address of welcome woe to be read. If it was a difficult matter to "get in front" at tho statiou it would have been a harder matter Btill at the church had not admission been by ticket, and tho pressmen, who numbored no less than nine, wou.d have bad extreme difficulty in recording the proceedings had it not been for the forethought of Father O Keell'e, who provided tables and seats iu the chaucel for tho gentlemeu whom Edmund Burke styled " the four h estate" in a sudden burst of humor, well-knowing that no newspaper mau ever had an estate of any sjrt. THE ADDllESS. The address, whi>sh w*s read by Mr. James Dalton to the visiting Bishops (Or, Byrne, of course, being Bishop of the diocese was therefore not a visitor} was beautifully piiuted on satin aud read as follows : To their Lordships, the Right Reverend iDr. Higgins, Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney; Right Reverend Dr. Gallagher, ("'oi.djutor Bishop of Goulburn ; Right Reverend Dr. Dwyer, Coadjutator Bishop of Maitland. May it please your lordships, — We desire, on behalf of the Catholic people of Orange, to tendor you a oordial welcome on your coming to assist in the ceremony of the blessing and opening of the additions to our church. We appreciate the importance of the duties which demand your lordship's at'out ion iu the respective dioceses to which you belong, and we therefore i'eel the more the high honor you confer upon us by oumuig huie at the invitation of our beloved tfishop to tako part in thiB important ceremony. When, some 28 years ago, tho present Church w»s bui t, it was deemed sufficient to accommodate tho cong'egation for at least the next half century, but already it has been found totally inadequate for the requirements of the people. Under the guidance of our woitliy pastor it was decid -4 to inaugurate the work of building an addition to the church. The foundation stone was luid by his Eminence Caidiual Moran on May 16th 1898, and the work then so auspiciously beguu has been satisfactorily completed. We hope that your visit will be an enjoy, able one, and that you will carry with you many pleasing memories of our town. Signed on tiehalf of the Catholic people of Orange, JAMES DALTON P. J. FLANAGAN 8\. KEARNEY ALFRED MoDERMOIT. Feb. Uth, 1899. Mr. Dalton made a brief speech niter reading the address, and expressed a hope that the visi'ors wruld be able to attend when the building was completed. Dr. Higgins, as Benior of the visiting prelates, said it Vt'jb his pleasing dutyto offer the first acknowledgement of the very fluttering address. Such a spontaneous expression of kindly goodwill aud welcome was certainly flittering to those who, after all, had very small claims upon tho Catholics of Orange He could not adequately express his gratitude, but their kindness would ever live in Ilia memory. The manner of their reception was a striking rtllex of the uuity of Catholics as a body. lie came to Orauge on the present oocasion first beoauee lie was invited by the worthy Bishop of the diocese, and secondly to enjoy the privelege of visiting this important aud healthy town. IIo also came to see the commercial prosperity of Orange, but especially he came to witness the completion cf the work which was inaugurated by his Eminence tho Cardinal- Archbishop of bydney. The people of Qrenpo bad nctcd with a ponerority tvhiph did them universal credit, With his admiration for ihe work done he felt a confidence that every effort would, be made to bring it to a triumphant conclusion. The people of Orange would, by their generosity, leave an enduring monument of their devotiou to the faith they professed which would be certain of divine rooognition. He hoped all the aspirations expressed in tho address would be realised, and would say, in conclusion, that the devotedness tliowu by the people of Orange gave groat promise for the future of tho Australian churoh. Dr. Gallagher said tlut on one occasion when Edmund Burke had delivored tin oiatiou in the House of Commons a member got up and said " di-to to Mr. Burke." Ho (Dr Gallagher) thought it would be sufficient for him to say " ditto to Bishop Higgios." He would say, however, that Dr. Lanigan, of Goulburn. who was present when the old St. Joseph's was consecrated, would have been with them if possible. He (the speaker) was only too pleased to come iiimsolf when he remembered the triumphant reception of tbe ^Cardinal two years befoie. He came to Orange on that occasion, oud although he had often heard of the beautiful climate of Orange ho had never had an opportunity to visit the distriot until he came with the Cardinal. Ho had he ird of the iuvontive genius of men in Orango who had develnpod its groat resources, and tho resourcos of a district or a country were of little value without tho capacity to develop them. In Turkey and Egypt there wore tho moot fertile of soils, but how did tin ir progress compare with Belgium and Swi zerjaud which had not half tha nuturol advantagesTL -i was 6ome'hing olee required beyond natural advantages and even beyond man's energy to develop them and that was a profound respect for religion. Ail human iudustiy and intelligence to achieve their highest results must be founded ou the tolid bedrock of religion, lie dil not wirh to speik at all as hs was afraid they would havo too much of him next day, lut tho reception had been eo kind that he felt he must suy something. Now although Australian Catholics liked to h-ar men from the old world they were proud of their own and be therefore hoped Dr. Dwyor, who was the first Australian native bithop, would speak to them. Dr. Dwyer, who was rcceivcd with applause, said it was a surprise to him to be called upun as he understood Bishop lliggms was replying for all the visiting palates. He, however, must say he felt grateful foi bding named iu the address, but ho di 1 nut take the reference to himself personal y but rather to the personal friend of the Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Murray, the tiishop of Mait- land. Dr. Murray was not able to bd present and asked him {ths speaker) to come to Orange ou his behalf, and it was a privilege which ho appreciated highly. He wished to congratulate the Bishop of the diocese and Father Ryau ou the beautiful cburch they now stood iu It was a worthy monument to all of them, bishop, priests, and people. Ho was no orator as other people were (laughtor) but ho heartily thanked them for the watm welcome and kind address. lhs. Bishop of Bathurst said hi had not intended tu say one woid, for he always felt at home with <h-* people of Orange; but he would say he had had a hand with a Father Ryan iu connection with 'he plane of the church, and he congratulated tho architect aud the contractor. When the old church was built it was thought it would last for 60 yea-e, and they might think what they had done would last for a century, but that was not his idea, nor was it the idea of Father Ryau or the architect. He trusted they would go sincerely to work to wipe out the debt, and was sure whan they went into the presbytery and saw the completed plan thoy would say .to Father Ryan, " Go on with the work and we will help you to complete it." He was sure Orango would progress, and that the people's idea of the beauty of God's House would mako them desire to see the woik completed, SUNDAY JlOItNUs'Q. On Suuday morning pontifical high m«ss was celebrated by Bishop Byrne, assisted by Bishop Dwyer aud Father O Keeffe. The church was crowded to the doors, a largo number of the congregation being members of other denominations The service was very impressive throughout, the effect beiug enhanced by 'he very fiue choir which was augmented by the additions of tho Misses Llewellyn, Mr. A. R. Richards (of St. Mary's Cathedral), Mrs. H. E Deeper, and other first-olass vaoalists. Mr L. J. Bowen was conductor uf the choir and Miss M, Smith orgunist. The eermon was preached by the Right Dr. Higgins, Suffragan Bishop of Sydney, who took as his text, Genesis XXVflf, verses 13 to IS. "And behold the Lord God stood above it and satd I am the Loid God of Abraham thy father and the God of Isaac: the land wherein liest to thee will I give it and to thy s. n. -ud *hy seed sbalbe as tho dust of the earth "hi thou elult spread abroad to the west au. 1 j he east and to the north and to the south: Aud in thee and tby seed shall all the families of the earth be bl ssed : And behold 1 am with thee and will keep thee in all placeB whither thou goest and will bring thee again iu*o this land: fori will not leave thee until I havo done that which I have spoken to thee of And Jacob awaked out of his sloop and he said : Surely the Lord is in this place; and I knew it not" The sentim* nt expressed by Jacob, said the preacher, was that of a man of strong faith awakening to a consciousness of the presence of God. Tho mojeety of God was not limi ed by the bounds of infinity, but still they found the presence of the Almighty, as the oase of Jacob's dream, concentrated at times in one spot. When God so desired He made his presenoe especially felt that men's prayei-6 might ascend to the throne of infini'e meroy. There teas the instance of tho demand of God for the saorifice of Isaac aud of Moses with the burning bush. At other timeB the Almijth y had hidden his presence to the many as iu the case of Mosbb when writing the tables of tho law tho people's view of tbo holy mountain was hidden by a mist. In the time of Solomon the worship ot Ged saw its most fitting recogui'ion io the building of the glorious Temple, A. that time tho people had to make great sacrifices to maintain the House of God mis glory. And when they coagod to do bo tbe lenopie ira» destroyed sml the people led into captivity. There was perhaps, in all scripture, ne mora beautiful picture than that of Dani»l prayiug in his prison with hi* eyestuined towurd th» <li*- tan* land of the Israelites. And when tbo Jews returned aftrr tho Babylonian captivi y their firsi tW-pbt whs: to rebuild tho TVni|>li- The master mind. theg r eat arcliit"Ct of the first Temple, was wanting, but ptill the socond Temple was splendid, and if it lick<_d something uf the majesty of its precursor it had ont immeasurable distinction beyond nil the glories of the past, and that was in the pasring through its gateway of tho iufnrit Jesus in his mother's arms at the time of the rurifioation. Those who heaid him wore engaged iu a work similar to thnt of the Jews, thoiieh thoy wore not meeting » Temple on the tuins of former greHtii<»B. b it improving upon the paBt. Th y had iu Orange a faithful people and a fmiblul paBtur, joining together ami iucurting g>avn responsibilities for the glory of God. 'llio work wh ch had beeu done in Orange was destined to remaiu an enduring rrwnument >o tbe fact th*t tbe peoplo were faithful to tho religion their forcf.it.he 1 a implanted in Ireland 151)0 years ago. It was no small boast to say that Catholics wo>e taking a leading part m this yout g and vigorous community. Uo felt it a privilege to be there wheu the people, having completed tho wo r k, uskoil their bishop for hit bleesitig'and the dedication of the building, eo thit fiom thatdiy furwatd it might be the House of Hod and the Gate of Heaven where on Sundays ai.d holy duys 'here micht bo en outpuuring uf the h<>art to God from the human creature meeting tho blessing and aWHot conxolatiim which must come to every follower of the crucified Master who sought it. They wnu J always find Him wailing to give help, comfort. and guidance at the holy communion Christ had said to his disctph s : Whore two or three a<e gathered "'oge her in my namn, there am I in the mi'let of llvm," uud when they came to tho chuich they cou d address tbe Saviour as faithful children. Uo praved to God that the gatherings might bo over more numerous, and that no busiursaor pleasure would lead their fuotstepn from seoking that spiritual blcs^ng whi h was thi one essential of trunhappiness Iuto thi' chuich would b» brought tbe nowly burn infants to be clennsa'l from tbe statu of oii^iual sin when they would bo brought to th» fountain ofsaving grace. Did 'hey realise thut the chuich was the Uou.-e of God and tbo G-ite of Heaven, ai d what >ho nltar teally mount to them 1 If they did they would do th> irduty to tb-irchildrenand wnuM Uy ihi foundation of tbe fai'h thut woild raise Christian men end women i<ithe future. In ihi rito of confirmation the Huly Ghost would de>c u<l to bloss tie children in the church «ud ih-ieaftor they would come for further g'uo whou the Bread of Life Wds broken. 'J hey wool 1 all come to hear tbe pastor instruct them iu their duty to God and to th<ir nri#hbors. They would learn to love the pood hu<) to bate the evil and to look to th»tpomi«ed land where was their abiding home. They would bear from their pastor the message ot God as told by Jesus Christ hiuiself to His apostles, " He 'ha heareth ye, he»reih me, blessed are thev that hear the woid of God aud keep it " And then there wo'iid be the painful cise of the poor sinue< 1) lug pros- trate. wi'h Heaven closed to him and Hel lying open, his eyes would turu to tho church as a haven of refuge. What a blessing would the church be to bim! Those stains which disfigured whit was once eo beautiful would be wiped away aud he would bo restored to his lost po ition a« a child of God. To such a one the church of God was a veritable M< unt Calvary. He had spoken of the enttunes of Jesus to the Temple, aud the same Jesus would I e found in the cburch, not once, bnt continually, waiting to bless, comfort, and co sole everyone who would give Him bij hear', and the blessing bestowed would only be limited by the spirit in which it was received. One thing could never change, that was tho greatness ef God, the majesty of his preeenoe, and the sanctity t,f his tabernacle In th« wo 1 da of St Chrysostom the church was a .Heaven on ear h to the faithful. Outside of Heaven there was no work more sublime than raising a tabernaole to God. He was told there still remaiuod a terre^-tial blot in the shape of a deb , and th nigh their pis tor was deeply sensible of their generosity m the past he appealed to them tig-tin reminding them that what they g«ve was an offeiing to Jesti" Christ. They had done a great wot k fldy and he asked them to go on aud the building would be a lasting monument of tlio.i lai hfulness <o them, their children, snd their children s children for geneiariouj. Father Byan read the financial statement, showing the cost of the building to ba £3.579, furnishing £588 and architects fees £278. There would be "further expenditure, for altar appointments, etc., which would increase the cost to a total of £4,500 and of the amount £2 451 had been collected. The collection was then taken up and subsequently Father Eyan announced that £1,310 had been collected, including the following: Mr. James Dalton, £100; Mr. Thos. Dalton, £50 j bequest by the latp James Dofaerty, £100; Bishop Byrne, £25;-Father Ryan, £20 ; Messrs T. G. Dalton. L. Heatou, John K«nna, M. F. Dalton, John Dalton, and i 5 . Kearney, Io guineas oacb, There veie several donations of £10 10s, £3 5s, £2 2s, and £1 Is, The mass was Gounod's and tbo Missos Llewellyn and Mr, A. it. Richards (leading tenor of St. Mary's Cathedral) eaug the solo most beautifully, The ceremony of blessing and do'ic&liug; the church was performed by Bielnp Byrne. kt BUNTKYLEAGUE. At 3 o'clock a banquet was given at Dun'ryleague by Mr. James Diltou to tlis clergy, tha membsra of the building committee, and the preee. Mr. Dal tun expressed a wish that no spsBohes should be msde, hut Mr. B. W. O'Sullivan, M P. (it the request of tho pr< Btineu present) asked Mr. Dalton to waive the rule in order to allow him to thank their host, on behalf of the press, for the kind treatment accorded them, Mr. O'Sullivan so id he had filled every position ou the press from printer's devil to editor, and as an old pressman he could say that newspaper men appreciated thekiudtiessof mon like Mr, Dalton. He did not know if Orange was to be the federal city, but if it was the Catholics had oertaiuly done their part in erecting whit waB practically a cathedral, and he must also express a feeling of regret that such an able financier as Father Byan could not enter politics. Father Byan would not be ton minutes in Parliament House before be was usked to take tho Colonial Treasurer^ ship. Mr. Dalton and Father- Ryan responded, thanking Mr. O'dullivau for his kini iemarkp. Fathpr Ryau said ho was ufraid if he were made Colonial Treasurer there would be tho same clnuce of a deficit as generally Jjaj>ji8Qod, for be oot have to hok bin) up so loyal an J staunch a supporter as Father O'Konff f aud so ii;dus ri. us and unselfish a coKimittoo. A larg* part of tho money recnived in aid of iho building fund was from oiteitflinments ot country centres, and to F»th«r O'Keoffo beloneed the credit of arranging and coin pi' tii.g those enteitainments. Father O'Kteffe b'iofly responded, and Mr. S,,). Sitnois also spoke. Mr. Kearney, Mr. J. Torpy, and Mr. Gotdgo oleo addroBBod the gathering. Sunday siaar. Ou Sunday night the church was again crowd d. W« make no apology fortpp'iniing in full the splendid sermon delivered by Dr. Gall»gh<-r, Coadjutor Bishop of Ooulbnrn. U»uipored and injured by an uufoitun«tn accent. Dr. Gallagher is one of the iiui'St siholar6in Australia. No wuob finelyrouuded sentences have been uttered by any other speaker in the colony, to our knowlodge. ~ Parts of the discourse with the parentheses, sub- pareutbeeos, and tremendously lou^ sentences recall to one's mind some of the gre«t epeechos of Mr. Gladstone. We invite all our leaders, of whatever deuomina tion, to lead the sermon carefully, and we think that all will agree that it is w<rth printi' g in full, without any abridgemeu . 'the seruiou was as follows : — My DEA.it Bretiieun—Bis Lotdship the Bishop Auxi iaiy of Sydney, in his beautiful aud insttuc ive address of this morning took us with bim in'o the material temple of holy Chuich, pointing out its eaoed eb»racter, its euggubtivu symbolism, i »• histoiicul a«*ociatioiie, and marked out ill tm ospncial manner th« blostiin^rt t-puiiuu.1 and religious which a faithful people are certain to idip f.oui tbe insli uctions they re-eiv© and tho eacraineuts 'bey partake of wi hiu these hallow'dd walls, t, to j, would etiive to tako you with me for a few moments iuto the saced edifice and ask you to consider it, but from a dilleieut poiut of view, by one or twj examples taken ulinoBt hsphaZAid from the countless ones at command 1 would illustrate for you the blessings, not merely spiritual au-1 religious but even temporal aud secular, wtneh society has, during the IubC iiiueteeu centuiies, deiived from Holy Motbei Church, bles-inge, which civil socie'y, if -ouly at eutive to her teaching and docilo to her voic^, cau Ptill draw from her treisury to meet the physical and inural aud intellectual and social wants of i he new ceutuiy on which we enter. When St. Johu the Baptist boiog iu piison. hesrd of thi worse of Clinst. ho cunt two of his disciples aud oaii| to him "Ait th>u He thut is io O'.ttue or w<tit we for auother." Our blo.isud Suviour made aujtver and said to thorn " Go aud tell John the thiuga you have heard aud eeeu. Tho blind eee, ilia lame Willi, "ho lepers are cleansed tlia deaf hear, the tl -ad ti*e again, the poor have tbe Gospel preached tu th»m, and blessed ishewhi shall not be scandalised in me.' ftucn exactly is the answer which our Holy Motli-r Chuich mjy give wheu men a»k " Is she the Church fouu'leu by Jesus Chtist, to p>each the Gut-pul to evoiy creatuie, tj enlighten the minds and remedy the physical ills of men here on earth, while prepa ing them f >r tlwr gleam* and immortal destiuy beyond the grave ? ' The wo>ks which the is d- ing and the works which she has doue iu overy a^e, boar testimony of her, a* the> did of her heavenly fouuder, that she is the W"Ubeloved child of tbe otorual Father iu wbich He is well pleased, that the is the work of. tho light hand of the Most High, that she is divine. What institutiuu is mere amougst civilised nations at the present day, wheth^rof learning or of charity, what lofty conception for the relief of distress, or for <lie advancement of tbe mind, which doos uot owe its origin to tbe Catholic Church '( What theory of beneficence cau the philanthropist of to-day suggest suggest which she has uot realised iu uudyiug iusti utions mauy centuries before f For what form of human suflariug has sh-* uot devised a remedy ? To whit wound cf the body or of the miud has she not applied a balm ? Who has instructed the igt oratit of eveiy age, wh) has raided the failen, who has given courage to the despondent, who his guiJod tbe steps of the wavering, who has stauuehed the wounds of society — pouring in th« wine and oil—who, in,a woid, has lifted up and pressed to her bosuin the neas and despised aud outcast ones so foudly as she? Out of the countless exampie* which could easily be adduced, I will oontiue myself to oue or two. We bless, for exatr>p e, the generous and exalted spirit wbich fiist oonoeived the idea cf an hospital, tiecti now vie with oach other in the effo.t to establish them Governments contribute to their support. Meu ot weal h eudow them with muuifioent resources. While tho heart would be look.-d upon as unfeeling aud h* r<1 . which would reli|se even froift its poverty a mi o towards towards the maiutenanco of thos" sacred asylums uf sickness and paiu, where the bleeding wound may be healed, aud the aching head may rest, where cancer or cousump'iou may count its numbered dayb iu peioe and prepare for tfyu batter laud, where skill and Qout^hmeut and cire may, ppih<ps, briug back the warm glow of health to th« wan and haggard ohetk of youth, where old age and misery aud want may at least retire to die; was it ngt 4 Catholic l^dy—Febiu a—one of the b ighte»t and purest ornaments of tbe early c'turch who foutded in the city of Rome itself the first hospital that the World over saw P I say first emphatically, as y«u will look iu vain for such woids as orphan asylum or hospital iu the lexicons of pasan Grqeoe or ltome. They are fi'st mentioned as a recognised legal institution iu th) Justinian code. Were not, again, tho monaBiiies of the middle ages the weloome home of waist aud diseaso and old age and misery and paiu f Are not those hospitals and refuges which ut the pre8eut dry wju the admiration of the traveller and extort the homage of his praise in every land, arc they not, { say those splendid tqonumeuts at Catholio faith and beuificouce and charity whose wards are trod by the noiaeleES step, wliobe silence is hardly brokou by the ba ed breath of tin d<ughters of religion i 1 Are they not thosa hospitals aud refuges and aeylutne wbpre the lister ot ..c-roy, or of Charity, or the Nursiug Sister holds up the sacred symbols of men s redemption before the eyes of the dying, while her geutle hand smoothes tbe pillow uf puiti, wherein soothing accep s she breaihes into the dying ear the protqise qf the better laud whero pain and sorrow and the heartache shall be felt uo more— While with looks that ate lighted with holiest gra. e, How sweetly she bends o'er c*oh plague-tainted face, How kindly she drcajet eaoh suOtirinv liiob Tor she sees in the wounded the image of Him. St. Vincent's Hospital, "The Home" for the aged poor at llaudwick, conducted by the I ittlo Sisters of the Poor; St Josjjih a Providence for the destitute <yud infirm iu Cumberland-street ; the Magdelene Asylum at Tempo for the fallen but repentant onoB j the Children s Hospital, the Uliud Asylum, the Howe for munttl invalids conduoted by the good nursing tjisters of Mary at Lewisbara and at byde; tbe Orphanages aud Industrial Schools scatteied through evory Catl)5lio diocese of Australia are a fw of th? many ina'itutinns whi"h, springing up already in oui' own infan' church beneath the southern croBs, attest how multiform were tbo resources on behalf of suffering sed humanity, during the long centuries of her wealth and majesty aud power, of the old religion. As Snakspere Bays of England in his noble play of Henry V.:—though the patrimony of the churohswas but too often diverted from its saored purposes to the maintenance of earls and knights and to enrich the coffers of the king, yet, To relief of lazars and weak age Of indigent faint souls past corporal toll A hundrr d almshouse* right well supplied, From the retonrocs of her exi auitl'BB chtrity were sure to arise." Auxin, a hat miud snv ngst us is »o prejudiced, ho mnun, plehian. aud ignoble as to iefu-e the homage of its admiration «ind gratitude to those exalted soul* fiom whn«e gi-nerocity and enlightened views sptanir the a lilies and liiifh schoo s and universities «f Europe P Who d >«s not Inva to trace the origin of those noble institu'ions. where hs- • ver been 11 culsated the pursuit of 'he good, •bo b-autiful and tbo tone; where the'hree graces lib- r y, learnine, and religion—hav" nearly al wave gone h«nd in ban '; whero, wi h an affectionate reverent lovn for the venerable m-moiiils of tho past hive ever blnnm^d the highest ispiratious after an onlightened freedom from whose halls have gone forth in every succeeding age -the builders up of human progress, 'he teach- rs. the liuidos. tbe exemplars aud the rulers of mankind ? To borrow words U"ed by a distinguished orator with great feliory in Elinburgh not many mon'ha ago — Tbcsn famous cohoo^s survey through Europe wiile Froi> Aloion's thIor where Can and Isis g ide, T - whuc by winding Seino ind Dtuu r> e°s tide Hate loirning throne,.| amM the public p i <e. Ami name hut • ne from Scyihit t<> the west By p i"S'» unpl-tnted < r by pri sis uo^lest, Oxf ird and Bologna, Paris and Lueerne,' Cambridge and Aieala, whet e'er you turn, Prague and Viesne. lugollsUdt and Louv >iu, Leipzig and Balse, ftuui Germany to Spain. Still here a pope has raised a • ollege; there Some council«at a Greek or Hebrew chair. Of ill the calumnniee which, in our present 6ti ug. le against infidelity and sectarianism, ths enemies of reiigi jn heap upon our h >ly faith, tbat which I at least cau bear with least oquinimity is the calumny which asset ts that the Catholic Church has been tho enemy of leurniug -has ever striven to retard the progress or to stifle the energies of the human mind. Let them call us tyrants if they will —that in the ages that are past we grasped at power with an ausciupulotis hand and used that, power despotically when it was wou. Let them tell us that we are idolaters —worshippers of sticks and stoneB—that to a statue chiselled by tho cunning of a Michiel Augelo we bend in adoration—that to a Madonna lighted up with the spirituality of Heaven we bow the knee. At all that we can affoid to smile. Our episcopate possessed indeed immense power in the ages th»t are gone. But history does not tell us they over abusod that power—rather used it for hi^h and holy purposes, wisely and well. Our sculptors hive, it is true, ctrved, and our painters have limmnd images of perfect loveli uetss, to excite devotion, to lift our th ughts to heavenly things, to enable us to realise the ideal, never to adoro. But that we Catholics aro the enemies cf learning, thn very stoues of tbe old Sorbonue at Paris, of Oxford and Cambridge ia Kngland become vocal, and with all human voice cry out it is a li-. The indignant spiut of Alfred the Great, of the Venerable Bede, of &n;«elm «nd Lanfrnnc, of Lorenzo de Medici and Leo X . of William of Wavnefleet and William of Wykeham, of Cardinal Wolsey and of Henry VI—the most saintly and best of England's kings—arise, it were, from their insulted graves to hurl back the falsehood and vindicate the oharaotor of their calumniated Mother We tbe e lemies «>f learning ? We he clergy especially whose v ry namn (B^au- Clerk; h«s been, down all the Christian ages, synonymous with knowledge aud the possession cf scholar shi(. ? We wbo, at least many of us. almost grudge to God and to recititu; the divine praises t»ose few momen's whiih we steal from communing with Plato and Cicero and Virgil and Milton and kindred spirits of the migbty past; we in a word whose lives are spent m the unceasing e£f .rl to assimiUte the minds of the rising raoe in every land to tha nearest possible likeuese of their Maker by' cultiva in*, with every form of knowledge human and divine, tho highest attributes of their souls! The found ttion and endowment of the colleges and Univercities of Europe— to pass over the cloistral and episcopal primary schools of the Middle Ages—is surely a work of social elevation the memory of which a grateful world ought not willingly allow to die. But to ascend even to a highe- level, to widen still more our horizon and take a hroader view of hings. let us separate our selves for a moment from considerations of detail and contemplate the notion <f Holy Mothor Church in moulding Ihe oustoms and forming the cbarauter and shspimt the destiny of nations and peoples Why. fur example, has Turkey—that (air and fertile land ilia* ou<-e captivated the refined taste of a Constantino, that land whiob was adorned by the piety and genius of a John and a (Jhryboston aud enlightened by the «i<dom ot a Jus'inian. whose once pioud face surrounded with smiling gardens and corn fields waving with golden grain, embellished 4!y the art of the painter and sculptor, and enriched with all tne relios of clsssio genius, was for twelve ceuturies the centre of the religion and civilisation of the eastern world—why, I say, has she 6uuk intp a degradation lower and an jguo'uuoa darker than that which enoompbgjed her 300 years before the Ohns ian cra p And on the other hand, why has Switzerland or Belgium, with a skv le*s serene and $ .il less fertile, ever f. stored among a happy and contented people—amid incessant struggles • the high-st f' uits of virtue and of genius and the spirit of an exalted freedom! It is because the one countiy —Turkey -was in the first plaoe severed by •he schism of Photius from the centre of Catholic faith and uni y and progress; and has been, for tho la6t four centuries, oursed by the despotism and degrading supersti'ion of Mahotqet; while the others have ever been sustained, in all their tiia's, by the heroism; the spi- it of liberty, the pure morality, the enlightenment aud viitue which have ever followed 111 the wake in oiiv holy Catholio religiiju, Why, ttgniu, in India does the child, stifiiug tho 9 instincts of fi ial love wh'oh have been planted in the human hreast by the hand of tbo eternal, immolate the living toother 014 tbe funp'al pyre of the deceated father'( Why does the> mother, dead to the instincts maternal Isvo, still o&er; her infant to appease the wrath of the odious deity of the Gauges ? Why do Siva and 8omnauth aud Juggernaut flourish still ? It is because idolatory and superstition still brciod over the land where the GAr4en of Eden ono-» stood, over the land vfhich once Sowed with milk aud honey for tbe chosen people of God, because they stoned the prophets and killed those who had been sent to them, because they rejected the teachers or were thought by God unworthy to receive the ttutliB of tbe Oathol'c faith. But in the still greater India of the West, where four hundred years ago the inhabitants were not less barbarous or tbe id' litrous rites less inhuman than <hey were in the East, nations are now tjsmg up to the ftilnose of tbe etetyro of perfect hno t; a new world has b°en called into existence to redress the balance of the old; the march of progress tends *1«adily to the West; liberty with her meteor standard unfurled upon the Andes, «• Looks from her throne o'er half the world and heroes and saints and scholars and stutwmen have been found in plenty for humanity and for God among the descendants of those who once offered human sacrifice to their offended deity under the empire:, of Montezuma. ' Yes. my brethren, it is she —that grand old mother churoh of rurs—that has civilised the savage, that has fmliabed manners, that has purified morals, that hiu gnid°d and bl««swl ths onward march of hum<niry oth- 1 high standard of nnlii h'enmont and cii'io »qtlilitv -nnr i« i h*»- f oilt ; f I oir.not add >>f vir ii < and h<ppni«S4 which w« now e j iv Whn nunpliel th» glowing imagination o 'lie painter nnd sciilp'or with imttuM of eti h perfect loveliness, •io has mitd-d their pnnoil or 'h ir obi«el with such a fosterinir hand a« sh P Oop-rniou«, whose namn shall lire with tbe immortality of those laws which govern the mn'i-me of th« sphniVB. w B H •i nplo p i«-t lit her c m- munion. N »r would K-'fler - that giant • i >d —over reduced t> mHthemutioal certaiutv thonn well- nigh incomprphni.Bible principles which explain the phenomena of 'h" heaven y bodies had imt his youthful intellect, ra-oti'd from persecution and poverty; been bd into the ^a'hs of science by the monk« of Malbeau. I' was she thit inspired the genius Of skakepore— When the poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rollinsr, Did irlance from heaven to oin h—from earth to heaven . . , And give to airy nothing a local habitation and a namu. As D«nte for latin <~h is innity. so ^h'kepftre for the Anglo-Saxon race -those two greatest uninspired writers and suhtlest anatomists uf tbe human soul that p rhaps our earth has ever seen-have ni.t iuto w >ids that sba I ne<~cr die the influence of our holy mother church on the Inuglits and sentiments and manifold aotivity of the Vidlle Age It J?»B she. again, that directed the flight of Bo&met; —the eagle of Meaux—when soaring above the tbinKs of eaith. he tracd with philos<pbin gaze the connection of human events from the days in which we live up to A-lam and to God. at.d pointed out. in lines of light, to astonished m<n tbe mysterious goldej chain that bind the heavens and 'he earth. It 'was th* liberal munificenoe of a caidinal of our mother ohurcli that supported and his enlightemd- patronage that ercourag^d tbe studies of Galileo when thi t philosopher invented the .te'.eeospe, and through is Bgnncy proves to itien that 1 • e ear h rolled round tli* suu—Galileo, thkt much-maligned philosopher, than whom, iu epite of some mistakes, the chuich neVer had a more faithful or ooedient son: Her children, too. were Sal vat ii and Yalta, whose nsmeo shall be i>qund up for ever with the first disoovery of thit mysterious science which haB annihilated space, which has made the ends of the earth to meet, and enabled man to realise thi vision of the poet aid " put a git die round nbmt th* earth in 40 minuW—ths science ef electricity. From the sublimity of her teaching sprang the enthusiasm, by the practice of her precepts strengthened the energy of Columbus, wbea he braved ths perils of unknown seas and enriche I the empire of man by the addition of a new world; she that infa<ed into the architect of the Middle Ages those lofty conceptions which adorned the face of Europe with the cathedrals and churches of the aneiftut faith which " stand alone with nothing Jike to them worthiest of God, the holy and tbo true;' she, in a ward, that has ever en. couraged the highest flights if geniu'; in every department, while fostering i>; e most generous aepiiations of a.n enligh^ned freedom- F«r it was she, in fi^e, that, ditritig the long century, as she { <8 doing now, curbed the d<spotio powe>- of the sove>eigu, that cooled the^tqo aery zeal of the pitnot, that '""P"-d '.„e wisdom and gmded the prudence of '.^tislator and statesman towards the scquisition of thise well-nigh perfect principles of civd aud spiritual freedom and jurisprudence wbich most of the Christian nations that have hearkened to her voioe of borrowed from her teaching, to-day enjoy. TBE NEW BUILDING. ' We have been supplied with the following particulars respecting the additions to tbe church:—" The foundation stone was laid by his Eminence Cardinal Moran on May 16tb, 1897, the occasion being marked by a public demonstration. In December of the same year a beginning was made with the erection of the buildings. The additions to the church, which have been designed in the etyle of architecture known as E*rly Englith of the'10th century, haB been carried out on the cathedral plan and embraces tiiforium transepts, sanotuary, aisles, and saoristies ot the following dimensions:—Trif rium 26 x 18\. transepts 24ft 6iu s. 28ft, sanctuary, 31 x 23, aisles 16 feet wide, priests' sacristry lMt x loft 7in, aoolyes saoristry 15ft 3io x 13ft. The extreme length of the chuich iutidr, including nave is 13Sft Gin, and the width aoross transepts is 77ft, abd the olear height inside is 40ft. The work throughout haB been carried out in briok-work, the arches and door and-window openings being carried out in double-pressed bricks.,/ The whole of the bricks used have been mads in tin dis- trict by the contractor, and the result speaks for itself. The bricks are of a soft unifoip. color and the enrichments have been relieved in pigments which, contrasting wi h the h «d> of the work, has given: t> the whulea soft uniform and pleasing o! color, wbioh wi h the noble proportions of the design has obtained a most satisfactory and purely ecoksiastical result. Inside tho effect is equally pleasing, the whole superstructure haviug boen carried on groined principals suppor ed on bold well-proporlioued arches aud pierB, the timbers used iu the construction of the roof bung redwood and oregon pine, Ample accommodation has been set apart for the congregation, while everything in the ma'ter of aooustics and ventilation has been provided, and the result, lias left nothing to be desired. Mr. J, M. Priugle, of Sydney, has been builder and contractor for he whole of the works thrombtiut. The plaster work was carii d out by MrA. Padey, of Orange, aud the Befitting iSy Messte. Withers hjos., aleo of "Orange. The handsome walnut ".'.tare were made by P. Dicken, art woodworker of Sydney,' and the artistia Wrought ironwork and tabernacle of high altar by Meests James Cast'e and Pons, of Sydney. 1 he whole of the work reflects the greatest credit on 'hose employed 10 cany it out. Mr J. I'. Turner being manager for the oontraotor. Mr H. E Wardell, of Sydtey, was the architect and designer of the whole of the workB throughout, which have been eflici'-ntly supemsed locally by Mr. W. 