THE DAY OF REST. f t r A BISHOP TO HIS CLERGY. CHARGE OF TUB BISHOP OF MANCHESTER (DR. MOORHOU8E). m Attention has been called in high political quarters to a startling discrepancy between the promises of some of the clergy B and their practice. They all promise, it has been pointed out, that in public prayer and administration of the Sacraments they ivil! use the form prescribed in the Book of Commoji Prayer, and no other, exwpt BO far as shall be ordered by lawful authority. The promise, however, notwithstanding, some of them, it is alleged, I waiting for 110 such authorization, use in .public prayers not contained in the boob prescribed. How far this complaint is indebted to political inspiration it is not for me to say. One thing, however, is certain —it is not without foundation in fact. Furthermore, the feeling of anger and dis- \- trust which has thus found expression is by no means confined to politicians and fanatics. If it were so, there would be the less occasion for anxiety. There can be little doubt, however, that it is shared by a large number of quiet and faithful Churchmen, who are beginning to fear that, under the pretext of enriching our forms of devotion, a small number of the clergy are deliberately introducing prayers and practices which are out of harmony with the spirit and teaching of the English Church. Distrust is widespread. Anger is uttering itself in those deep, stem tones which only real grievances can elicit. And it was for this reason, and not merely because of the shrieks and violence of a few narrowminded fanatics, that I felt I must take counsel on this matter with those who are my natural advisers—the members of the iarper chapter and the rural deans of the Diocese. On their advice I have already acted, and have called upon the clergy to submit to me for my examination, and if necessary for my correction, all "additional"' forms of devotion which are used ii; public prayer. And now, Isst this action of mine should be misunderstood, let me say at onec, that it did not arise on mv part from distrust of the great Dody of the clergy. 2fo Bishop knows the clergy of his Diocese better than I know mine. In aiH'tion. to those ordinary occasions of personal intrt course which are furnish 2d by for;"irr:iatK'ES, s]>ecial services, and the like, very soon, when my present visitation is finished, 1 shall have twice visited each of them in his cwn parish. And, with this thorough knowledge of the clergy, I can honestly say that, with the excepts a of a very few, who are less earnest and diligent lhan they shou'd be, there are none of them who are not endeavouring to do their duty to the best of their ability as loyal ministers of the National Church. I love mv clergy. I love them for their goodness, their faithful labours, and their strenuous efforts to extend the kingdom of our dear Redeemer. Those who charge them TCtfh idleness or disloyalty are not telling the truth. They should be ashamed of their ignorance and injustice. But, my clerical brethren, Caesar's wife should be above suspicion And since some of us—and those not the least excellent and devotedhave suffered themselves to be hurried by a laudable desire to supply spiritual needs into forgetfulness of a solemn obligation, it was necessary that I should call for the returns which I have received. Further, my s reverend brethren," having said ot you what truth required me to say, let me now remind you that the anxiety of the faithful laity rt to time was but just and natural. popular movement has its dangers, es- Peeiallv when such movement affects the doctrines and devotions of the Church. No truth has been more frequentlyset forth bv those who are called High Churchmen Every i H o bA g \- than thie-that what the Church prays she \- teaches. The 'lex orandi" is the lex c-redendi." That is unquestionably true, if, for instance, in her prayers the Church seeks the intercession of the Holy Virgin, s in that very act she declares her belief in the value of that intercession. If, therefore, individual clergy claim the right to introduce into the Churches public prayers supplications which are set forth on their own authority alone, they are virtually claiming, whether they be conscious of it or not, to add to that authoritative teaching which is contained in the Churchfs Articles ana formularies. This, you will see at once, is a claim which the Church cannot, and dare not, allow. For under its shield it would be clearly possible for individuals to_ popularize, not in their own name, but in the Church's name, doctrines which she has openly disallowed. I am aware that the evil has been greatly exaggerated; that statements have been made as to the unfaithfulness of the English clergy which are ridiculously untrue; and that at the present time a book is being circulated entitled "An Indictment of the Bishops," which no reasonable man can read without a smile. Still, it is an undoubted fact that in 'some C Dioceses form of prayer and Divine worship have been brought into use which are wholly alien both in spirit and letter to the authorised services of the Church of England. The excesses of some have thus thrown a certain amount of suspicion upon the additions of all, and therefore I think it was well, and' even necessary, that I should make the request which all the clergy of this Diocese have received from me. In my letter to the clergy, I pointed out—(1) that any change in the prescribed services of the Church of England, whether by way of interpolation or addition, is forbidden by the prohibition of varying uses. . But that (2). additional services are authorised on Sundays and holy day6 by the Uniformity Act Amendment Act, if they be approved by the Bishop and form part of Holy Scriptures or the Book of Common Prayer. The words of the Act which prescribe these conditions are as follow:—"So that there be not introduced . . . anything except anthems and hymns which does not form part of the Holy Scriptures or Book of Common Prayer, and so that such form of service and the mode in which it is used is for the time being approved by the ordinary/' On these words I would observe, first, that the approval of such additional services by the ordinary is only "for the time being." It would seem, therefore, that when the ordinary sees reason for doing so, he may withdraw the approval which he has given; but clearly until he does so it will be convenient to assume that his approval continues. Bnt what shall we say is the meaning of the words "form part of the Holy Scriptures or Book of Common Prayer?" There has been, as you know, much discussion as to the meaning of these words, and there is f likely to be more. Do they necessarily mean, then, let us ask, that no words are to be a used in additional prayers but such as are g taken from the two books mentioned? Must we construe them literally, or may we have regard to their clear intention, that D no prayers shall be used but such as are f in accordance with the teaching of the o Bible and Prayer Book? Construed m literally, they clearly afford no prot&jtion; whatever against the introduction W of questionable doctrine. He must be a very dull man indeed who could not say almost anything he wished to say in a mosaic of texts and passages. Let us take a very extreme ease by way of illustration. Suppose that some one were cynical or demented enough tip propose the following prayer:—"Grant that we may embrace ana ever hold fast the blessed hope that there is no God." Of course the Bishop wouid at once disallow so blasphemous a parody. But why? Not because it contained words not to be found in the Bible or the Book of Common Prayer, but because it was not in accordance with, their teaching. You can have no security against false teaching but through the veto of the Bishop; ana when the words expressing the false teaching are taken from the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer lie can assign no reason for his veto but this—thajt the words taken from those books convey a teaching not to be found in tiheon. That must always be the final test; and why, then, may it not be, as the Archbishop of Canterbury holds, the primary test? It is highly expedient, at any rate, that it should be so. For why should we tempt enthusiastic men to put a strain upon tine words of the Prayer Book and Holy Writ to make them affirm what it is desired that they should affirm? We are all of us too much inclined to do that. Our effort should surely be rather to bring our (thoughts into harmony with the books than to force the books into harmony with our thoughts. Seeing, then, that anything which tempts us to do. the latter will exercise an evil influence on our thinking, it is, to say the least, highly inexpedient that we should accordance interpret the with words their in letter question than with, rather theirspirit. And, for my own part, I mustj say in that I have little fear of the small variations in episcopal decisions which may result from adopting what I may call the 1 larger interpretation. The Bishops hold very responfflble positions. They confer from time to time upon their common action. They feel very deeply how essential it is to follow the mind of the Church in their deliberations. And thus I think that the danger is extremely small that any of them jpill forget iu their decisions the analogy, ot aith. Holding such views 1 have not he.-i to follow the advice given me bv ; IK ural deans and the greater chapter of th< Diocese. 1 have asked all the clergv to send e copies of any a additional forms of praver r K ' 0na ' I 0 ™ 18ot l' liivei ' ^ tn , T a ?.° 1,ted ° r r y desu v fl c H ! f,^1'* to j^s request many oi s lltO the clergy ejerev IiaVfi have assured aivairprt me mn that tliev liavc sevc-v used any forms of devotion in public prayer but those set forth in the Praver But from 175 of the clergv I have received 474 forms of prayer. Of these I have been able to approve of 389 without tho change of a word. In 61 others 1 have been obliged to make slight alterations. 1 have not dealt ivitli 11 forms of prayer because they were not for public use;" and there were only 13 of which I could not approve t may, perhaps, contribute to produce satis taction with my decisions if I explain shortly the principles upon which in genera' conclusions were reached. The prayer? which I felt compiled to alter were mainly ot two classes—those which implied the veneration or blessing of external objects, 01, those which were for the faithful departed X believe tliat the veneration of sacred objects will, sooner or later, lead to the superstitious belief that some land of magical virtue resides in those objects, i"ust as happened m Israel in the case of'the brazen serpent. Prayers, therefore, which imply such veneration are, I believe, fraught with danger to those who offer c? 1 Furthe ' r » I believe that thev are out ot harmony with our. Saviour's 'teaching upon the place of things outward and inanimate. The Jews of our Lord's time had created a vast oral tradition founded upon the imaginary religious efficacy of outward urifications and abstinence 'from meats, E reference to the former of these Our .U>rd remarked: — "Well did Isaiah prophesy of you hypocrites, this people honoreth Me with their lips, but their hearts is tar from Me." Touching the latter, He saic, 'Whatever from without goeth into the man, it cannot defile him, because it goeth not into his heart, but into his bellv, ana goeth out into the draught. Thus, He said (the Evangelist adds), making all meats clean." Is not such teaching plainly equivalent to the general precept, "Serve trt>d with your heart rather than with your hands. Purify your thoughts, and then all meats will be clean to you?" When, again, the Samaritan woman "asked a question as to the relative importance of places, Our Lord answered, in effect, places are nothing; in the coming time Jerusalem shall be as this mountain. "God is a spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit- and in truth." Once more, when the Jews imagined that He had promised to give them His material flesh to eat, Our liord answered, "The flesh prontetk nothing; the words that I have spoken to you are spirit and are life." In view of such teaching as this, how puerile must all prayei's appear which assume the veneration or outward objects, or the hallowing of CUDS, badges, and such like things ? "The jsingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost.". Our greatest theologians have seen ihe danger of such practices, and have not failed to guard against them where tney are most likely to have their beginning—in a belief of the inherent spiritual efficacy oi the outward elements in _ Holy Communion. Speaking of the opinion of Thomas Aquinas that the Sacraments of the Church "are endued at the time of their administration with supernatural force and ability to induce grace into the souls of men.".- Hooker observes—"His conceit Scotus, Occam, Petrus Alliacensis, and sundry others do most earnestly and impugn, snowing very good reason wherefore no instrument of the new law can, either by virtu« which itself hath, or by force supernaturaily given to it, be properly a cause to work grace, but sacraments are therefore said to work grace, because the will of Almighty God although not to give them such efficacy, yet Himself to be present in the ministry of the working that effect, which proceedeth wholly from Him, without any real operation of theirs, such as can enter into men's souls." Again he says:—'"If anything displeases them (i.e., Roman controversialists), it is because we add to these premises another assertion, that with the outward sign God joinetli His olv Spirit, and so the whole instrument f God bringeth. that to pass whtreunl*. the and meaner part could not extend." nd yet again he adds:—"God and man do here meet in' one action upon a third, in whom, as it is the work of God to create so it is His work by the hand of the minister, to apply a sign which should betoken it, and his work to annex that pirit which shall effect it." Our great Elizabethan divine expounds to us inthese words the theological principles upon which the revision of our Prayer Book proceeded. For when we turn to those revisions we find that they are suck as these principles would dictate. Thus, in the first Prayer Book of Edward VI. we nd in the prayer of consecration the following petition:—"Vou-ihsafe to bless and sanctity these Thy gifts and creatures of bread and wine that tkey may be to us the body and ,, j ? rm - . j , , , jo"t Christ." But in all the subsequent revisions of the Book of Common Prayer this invocation of the Divine blessing on the oufr ward elements is omitted, and the prayer is substituted, "that we, receiving these Thy creatures of bread and -wine . . . may be partakers of His most blessed body and blood." In close agreement with tkk alteration was the subsequent eucharistic teaching, and at the last revision of the Catechism. For there we are taught to say that the Body and Blood of Christ are "the inward and spiritual grace" of the sacrament, and clearly grace is not a thinf to be "venerated," but to be received and improved. A similar purpose may, I think, be discerned in another and smaller, but still significant, alteration in the prayer after reception. In the first Book of King Edward it ran. thus:—"We most- heartily thank Thee for that Thou hast vouchsafed to feed us in these holy mysteries." In all the revisions, however, it is changed intjc the following:—"Who hast vouchsafed to feed us who have duly received these holy mysteries," where clearly the emphasis is iiia«'e 10 rest not on the outward eiemento but on the spiritual state of the recipient" Ihe significance of these purposeful changes is in no wise obscured by the retention of 3 supplication in another service that God may sanctify, a material element to a spiritual function. This, as Hooker shows in no 'rise implies a request that God wouid locate spiritual virtue in the element, but o»Jy that he would accompany its use with the gift of His giace. Besides, it is to be remarked that purpose is far more clearly indicated by a deliberatje change of express sicn than by merely leaving a phrase unaltered. On the whole, then, there can be but little doubt, I think, that inthemind of the Church of England about prayers £ot the veneration or hallowing of outward things, however sacred. They should in all cases be changed into prayers for the spiritual receptiveness of those who use such things. The other class of prayers iu which I have found it necessary to make alterations is that which has respect to the faithful departed. And here at once I may say that but for two considerations, that abuses have been occasioned by such prayers, and that; we are not taught by Holy Scripture to offer them, I should not obliged, as an individual Christian, to say that they were necessarily objectionble. The Churc-h of Christ consists of two companies—those ou earth and those beyond the veil—;he Church militant and ••he Church triumphant. Each member of this great body is virtually united in the Head by a living fath, and all therefore are pa^ns of the same great spiritual rganism. This truth has been nowhere beautifully expressed than in Charles esley's noble hymn:— One family we dwell in Bim, One Church, above, bencatn, Though now divided by the stream, The narrow stream of death. Ono armv of the living God, To His command \vr how; r.iii ol the host have crossed flip flood, And. part are crossins nuw. This in the fullest sense is the Catholic Chuit!., the Church turner*,!, and it conisU of cvcrv ^ oll cithe!- , Ki e of the veil, which i - > is bound , , up . in • the , 1 . bundle i ..,-• Christ's life. What more liatui-ul, llicii, than to feel that every member of this great body may ask for every other <ii the hands o£ the common Father fucli in<:rea«e of light, peace, and holiness, as he needs? But we arc meL at once by the objection, which must needs impose upon us ail can tion in the indulgent of tins natural feel- j —that, with the sinpie except inn pieearious inference in the case oi' Oiiesipliorus, no single expression in the Xew Testament can lie held to authorize such prayers. Tliis miglit perhaps be ni (lie less consequence iu the case of an indn'icual who might still pray for his departed friends, as Rood Bishop Ileber did, with a "nevertheless not as I will., but as 'J lion wilt/' Hut, then, remember that what the Church prays she teaches; and how «n she venture to teach that prajei oi the dead ; a is according to Gods will without tlie ex- j press authority of Holy Scripturc? iur-: thermore, the history of the Church of ; Christ (^.nrisi lias has supplied bumiiieu. us UILIL with at least, one cogent reason lor observing ' the reticence ' of God's Word in this matter Prayers for; ikoc passed into the intermediate state; . while, again, the latter belief has formed . the occasion of those horrible sales of par- \ dons which the • history oi" " the ' Church " of Mexico have fill awn to be still possib.e. Can it, then, be right for the Church of England to teach its memlxsrs, through its public prayers, that a practice is lawful and according to God's will which is nowhere authorized iu Holy Scripture, and which has been and still is the occasion of such terrible abuses? The Church by its own action has decisively answered this question in the negative In the first Prayer iJook of j Edward Yl. there were several references to departed saints. Iu the prayer of consecration at Holy Communion there was the following _ petition:—"We . commend unto Thy mercy, oh Lord, all other Thy servants : which are departed hence from us with the ; sign of faith and now do rest in the sleep] of peace. Grant unto them., we beseech ; Thee, Thy mercy and everlasting peace, and that " at the day of the general ' resurrection " v.- and all they which be of the mystical body of Thy Son may all together be set 011 His right hand," &c.; In the burial service, again, of tins version there are several such petitions, but it may be sufficient to cite a portion of the longest of them:— "Grant unto this Thy sen-ant that the sins which he committed ia this w urid be not im pufced to him, but that he, escaping the gates of hell and pains of eternal darkness may ever dwell iu the regions of light with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob," &c.; Fron the second Prayer Book of King ^dward VI.. and from each succeeding revision, all these petitions were omitted. And thus the Church of England distinctly proclaimed it as her judgment that prayers for the dead should torin no part 01 her public services The manner in which she dealt with the reference to the departed at the revision of H.ti'2; is specialty instructive. In the second Prayer Book of King Edward VI., and in that of Queen Elizabeth, there was no refe- j rence whatever to the faithful dead. But! in 1662, when the revisers nad been furnished with the instinctive notes of Bishop Overall aud Bishop Cosin, they inserted a reference to the departed, not, as iu the first book of Edward, in the prayer of consecration, where it might seem to refer to some benefit derived from a sacrifice, but in the prayer for the whole estate 01 Christ's Church militant here on earth, where it clearly looked only to the oneness of the whole mystic-al body The words, as you know, are these:—:—"We also bless Thy holy name for ail Thy servants depait ed this life in Thy faith and fear, beseeching Thee to give us grace so as to follow their good example, that with them Ave may be partakers of Thy heavenly kingdom." This is not directly a petition for the faithful departed, and yet, to the great contentment of our brotherly feeling, it does unitf them with us iu our petition that we may be partakers with them of Christ's heavenly kingdom. This suffrage marks and affirms the great and comfortable truth that all the faithful, on earth below and in heaven above, are one body in Christ Jesus. This unmistakable irapres sion of our Church's mind has governed my action in reference to those prayers for the faithful departed which have been submitted to uie. I have in all cases substituted for it a form like that of our own Prayer Book:—"Grant that we, witli all Thy faithful people, may be partakers of Thy heavenly kingdom," or a form equivalent to this. 1 have endeavoured to explain to you the principles upon which mv recent revision of certain forms of prayer lias proceeded. But, my brethren, I cannot withhold the expression of my regret that any such revision should have been needed. As I laboured carefullv through the mass of forms presented to me, and discovered certain petitions in some of them, I could not help thinking of the words of the author of the Epistle to the Hebrews: "When b>reason of the time ye ought to be teachers ye have need again that some one teach you the rudiments of the first principles of "the oracles of God." Such lessons as I have been trying to enforce to-day were learned Ions; ago by our pious forefathers. To hive to learn them again is indeed a going back to the rudiments—to what St. Paul might even have called "the weak and beggarly rudiments." Oh! my brethren, the day in which we live needs something stronger and more masculine than this. It needs what the sacred writer calls "solid food for full grown men." "Wherefoie let us cease to speak of the first principles of Christ, and press on to perfection." The age is asking of us belter service than this. We live at a time when Christian men are confronted by some of the gravest problems which have ever exercised human thought; when science and philosophy, conscious of their own limitations, and longing to escape from the barren wastes of unbelief, are asking 11s to help them to a real faith in God. Define for us, they are asking, in the deep, grave tones which betoken real earnestness, the new point of view from which Holy Scripture is to be regarded in view of the incontestible results of modern criticism; show us what are the true relations between reason and revelation, betweu thought and faith, between belief and life; show us, above all, what is the bearing of your Eivine Master's lire and teaching upon the great religious, intellectual and social problems of to-day. The faith which we had has been shattered, and we want a faith as strong and undoubting as that once was; a faith which shall lay hold on all the springs of life, which shall reign equally over heart and intellect; which shall utter itself in a noble and rejoicing activity. If the Church can help us to this, we will acknowledge her. as our greatest benefactor, we will love and serve her, we will guard and defend her, for her own sake and for her Divine Master's sake. Such, I am sure, is the secret feeling of thousands of the best and most thoughtful of our countrymen to-day. Does it not, then, prescribe to us our real task, our highest vocation? God grant that at such a time we may net waste our energy and dissipate our influence in trivial and unnecessary disputes, but that, discerning our true work and seizing upon our God-given opportunity, we may strive to set forth in outreaching, our character, and our life the claims of our deal- Lord and Master. Then may there arise in this wonderful, toiling, expanding, aspiring realm of ours a faith stronger and purer than ever the past has known, a faith which, relieved of all the sore burdens of dogmatic incredibility which have hitherto oppressed it, may be come again, by the. blessing of God, '"the light ot all our seeing." 