The legend of Illawurtna Pound. [The following legendary rhyme, by Mr H. J. White—a former editor of the Dispatch—will be read with interest, now that valuable tellurides of gold have actually been found in the wonderful Illawurtna Pound. The piece was published by us in a small volume of poems entitled "Round the Camp Fire—Australian Song and Story," for the author, in 1893.—ED]. Away tn the North where minerals abound, And tbe richest of ores are found in the ground, A legend is told of a goldon mound That's hid in the range which stretches around The wild, rugged spot, Illawurtna Pound. The story runs thus:—Long ago (of course) With a kangaroo hound and a dark bay horse, An old bushman rode, bis way used to force Over boulders and rocks, the range right across, Where others who'd tried were all at a loss. And when he returned there were some used to think Of brimstone he smelt—vile sulphurous stink— That came, so they said, from the golden moand's brink, Where the devil had led him with hideous wink, And given him gold ; for all heard the chink From his saddle, the rattle and clink, Each night he emerged as black as black ink. Now whether it was so, well—I'm not so bold As tovouch for the tale, for certain he sold To the devil his soul for glittering gold ; Perhaps he'd his name with Old Nick enrolled, But all I can say is, to me it was told The bushman belonged to His Majesty's fold. It was said he went in with, his wardrobe rent, When everyone knew that he hadn't a cent, For he never stopped drinking till all he had spent ,* And then people noticed he travelled and went To the cloven-hoofed gent, who at interest lent Filthy lucre, at a thousand per cent, la vain had the trackers tried hard to track' The old bay horse thro' that wonderful crack' Tho' promised they were a budgeree whack, Of tuckout and bacca, and clothes without lack, They ever returned, with jaws lank and slack To sw»re by their lubras, tbey hadn't the knack Of piercing tbose hills ; the aboriginal black Too, thought it just savored a very small snack Of the devil, for the whole of the pack Used to leave, to the station sneak back, Their faces the hue of a dirty flour Back, But the time grew nigh, so the legend goes, Nick's bill came due and tbey came to blows, The devil to pay, and no hot pitch I s'pose ; But he has to be paid as everyone knows, For every small favor that ever he shows, But in tbe melee the bay horse arose, And stamped rather hard on His Majesty's toes, Which sent tbe tears trickling down his hooked nose, And made him as black as a thousand crows ; And then in a rage, for so it was said, He shouldered bis tail and tbe old chap led, To the golden bill's briok, which shot flames of red, Then over a hole by the hair of his head, He roasted him whole till he was wholly dead. And now, says the legend, the phantom's seen Of tbe old bush chap, shrank, shrivelled and lean, In a haze each night of yellowish green, And the old bay horse and the hound I ween, For the great round pound making tracks like steam. They gallop along, nor seem they to tire, Tbe tail of the grey like a flame of fire, Around tbey go over toprail and wire, Horse, rider, and bound with terrible ire, In vain struggle on, yet never get nigher. They flee like the light'ning the passage to find, Around and around like a watch-spring wind Till the midnight hour ; in a terrible light Then they all disappear till the following night, When again they resume their uncanny flight, And many'a a timid and ghost-fearing wight Has shivered at eve, and trembled with fright As the horse, hound and rider's appeared to the sight; And so it is said they will always spin, Till the devil himself lets the rider in ; And the legend gives forth, that who sees this done, The Pound's bidden wealth bj him shall be won. 