TREASURY SPECTRES 1 VARIOUS TYPES. 'ABOUT THEIR PEREGRINATIONS. The ghosts herein referred to arc not exactly disembodied spirit?, but they, may be said to merit the name applied to them because of the way they con stantly haunt the corridors of Uie Go- vernment offices In pursuit of some one thing, the realisation of which Is neces sary to put them ut rest. There la a large variety of them, and if some of them are not mentioned it Is t»vcause they are so amiable and harmless that It would be almost a pity to scare them away. Of the amiable class there 13 one very well known figure, whom we shall cull Mr Black. He Is most affable to everybody; «ver In a hurry, seemingly, yet always ready to stop and shrike hands with you. und discuss anything on earth with you at any length from Fede ration to the reason for the recent cutting down the oak tree In the Treasury Gar dens. It Is a pleasure to talk to hlrn— if you have time and nothing else to do. Dozens whom he greets and who return his greeting haven't the slightest notion who he is or what he wants there. They don't care. In fact, having become as used to him as t-> any one of the pillars supporting the fioor above the main en trance. For yearn he flitted about one department. It was only a few would know that he went there be- rauee tho officer lie wanted to see never happened to bo otherwise engaged when the amiable one "popped his head in the door," us some of the attendants ex press It. Lately, however, he has begun to patronise another department, and calls upon a very Important functionary much oftener than the latter appre- elates. Of course "Mr Black" has a mis sion, or thinks he has. It Is small, very small. He represents something or somebody, ami a couple of little fads in nddltion. lie is never 'disturbed If tho high functionary referred to cannot see him, but thanks the attendant pro fusely, und Inquires about that officer's own und his wife's health, and then skips away, probably to shake hands effusively with the first member of Par liament he meets. The legislator hak some vague idea that "Mr Black" is a constituent, und responds cheerily. "Mr Black" passes on out of the building, re turns home confident that he has accom plished something useful, and that he Is un Important factor In the scheme of things. Of late wc have missed a rather taci turn ghost who had a short "walk" as regards the ground he covered in the corridors. This one, let us designate him "Mr Gray," called every day for weeks at the attendant's room of the Lands department, and Inquired If Mr — - , the member' for — , was there. "No," answered the attendant civilly; "I haven't seen him to-day;" or "Yes, .ho wus here a little while ago, but has gone." "Why don't you send him to Parliament House?" asked "The Herald" representative, who heard the request of "Mr Gray" once or twice. "It's no use," replied the attendant. "I tried that at first; he's been ill- treated, he thinks, over a bit of land, and he likes to conic and luive a look at these offices. He's got a notion that if he can meet Mr here, that member will set it right for him. I answer him as you have heard, and ho goes away appar ently quite satisfied." A rather troublesome ghost is the one who severed his connection with the State service some years ago. The severance has played on his mind, and he lives but to get back again. Every Minister who lias been lu office for the last de cade has, or had, a copy of "Mr Dis mal's" grievance In his pocket— probab ly unread. "Mr Dismal" has now reached the stage when Interviews arc out of the question. Still, he glides along tho passages, and hunds his "fur ther representations in writing" to the attendnnt. TIicbc written rcprosentu- tlons-.gonftrally cover several closely written foolscap shoots, which are, us n ruje, pigeon-holed. Incidentally, "Mr Dlsrnnl" rings' in. all sorts of sugges tions in hls'lettfers about conducting the nffalrs of . State, and some daring eng1- neerlng and scientific proposals. Perhaps tho most mctancholy spectre of all Is. that of some erstwhile M.P., and now Impecunious private citizen— he who did not, ns ho ought to have, become great when he had tho opportunity, and' whose opportunity . was cut short by fickle electors. Of course his whole soul had. been steeped in politics, and now he Is out (n the cold, his occupation, as well ns his emolument, gone. It is still a source of satisfaction to him to drop into Uie public offices and meet old asso ciates, to shako hands and chat with them: mayhap to go in and say a word to a departmental head on behalf of a friend who wants "something, done." It pleases him excessively to think he is still "Influential" and to imagine that he Is courted because of his past. Some of this type were good fellows in their day, and their friends are really ghul to see them If they do nut appear too often. Others have to be dodged If you don't want to be bored. In n few cases the ex-mcmber has sought temporary em ployment for himself, and bus not al ways been unsuccessful either. A more seedy-looking visitant than the typo Just referred to Is the one-time holder of some fat little billet— the nature of It may he guessed at— obtained through political influence. The billet, alas! did not last long enough. Let it be mentioned In Hie papers that there Is a chance of an appointment, though It may lie stated that It Is not to go outside the sendee, nnd this ghost rises. He brings himself to Uie recollection of his old political friends, and they probably undertake to "see the Minister." but the spectre walks the corridors that he may be seen. too. Comparatively new Is the species of ghost enlled the export. It Is the Agri cultural department that he troubles. lie Is prepared to revolutionise some branch of production, nnd Is confident that If the Minister will only "look at his Idea" he will accept It. The Minister hasn't time, pcrhajis, but "Mr Export" has. and he waits and helps to wenr out the linoleum. Tho kind of ghost doscrllied by the at tendants as a "post" Is he who Is always worrying a Minister In whose constitu ency he happens to reside, for si«?cia4 facilities to obtain a Job which he will not keep when lie gets It. Perhaps the Min ister, out of pure sympathy, will stretch a point to get the applicant rrniploymont out of his, turn, but In a week or so his constituent, who generally votes against him at election time, will be seen about Uu blue balse door again. Quietly, and inoffensively, and noise lessly. with downcast eyes, glides along the corridors the next variety — the old g,>ntleman who has seen hotter days and who has sonic Utile things in a bug to sell— toilet and shaving soaps, tooth brushes, etc. He has a little public ser vice "connection." and really cannot be said to bo "trading." He goes to see "his friends." and If he am add to the number while In any room, well and good. Just lately a most obnoxious ghost has appeared, and U Is to l»» hoped that he has been laid for ever. This particular one sneaked In Jately und appropriated d bicycle belonging to a pressman. No body saw lilrn come or depart, but If h«? should re-appear, vigorous measures will be taken to exorcise him. 