THE DUBBO LIBERAL AND MACQUARIE ADVOCATE. ..tamar, IWM> 9, U«t. ME. 8LEATH ON THE FEDERAL TABIFF. -»W« voir parpóse following Mr. Sleuth's defence of the one character istic «f the Convention Bill which he defends to-day with vigor almoit equal fo that with which be last year opposed it. Ibo characteristic in question is as to the matter of Federal finance and Federal taxation. Mr. Sleath probably does not like the Braddon »U>i-«-bnt jhis speech certainly seemed to show that he bolds a brief to defend it Probably be himself last year little expected that, m May, 1899, he would be ridiculing the excessive taxa tion " bogie "; and eo far misrepre senting matters as to declare that all the critics of the *' Braddons blot " bad not- and presumably he means *' could not"-pnt forward any alter native scheme of even equal merit. Dbe allegation even if true (which of course it is not) would simply go to '.bow that in our present stage of de velopment Fedoration is out of the question. Wa come now to the matter of the *« 22ä 6d bogie " which Mr. Sleath admits frightened him once, but which he says he now finds to be purely a " make-up " ghost-the work of some mischief-makers over the way. In tbe first place he-as the eolio of some ! greater men of the Pro-Bill party ridicules the idea of the tax collector visiting each household and levying a 22a 6d charge per be td on all mern "*' bera thereof. He claims that the poor man will be able to wriggle from under a tariff which be says will be practically a protectionist one-and naturally bis Protectionist allies cheer him to the echo. He points to the great economy to arise fi om the aboli tion of the Border Custom-houses. Finally he waves tbe magic wand of the Braddon blot over the 22s 6J "bogie " and declares it gone-at least as to three-fourths of its bulk. As to the first contention, it may not be true that a man's direct contri bution to State revenue is in exact correspondence witii the number iu bis family, but nothing can be surer |han the fact that in its ultimate re «u'.U Uxatiou falls heaviest on those most handicapped in life's competi tions. Mr. Sleath should know by this tine that in fiscal matters as in others "the destruction of the poor is their poverty ;" and that, ander all sye . terns heretofore devised the weakest ' :psye. IQ fact the defect ÍB not that the poor pay their proportion, but that they pay inordinately more ; and that under our present revenue-raising systems there is no help for it. This .,^_iuay «Iso go to answer the contention : ffiaV"tmr-waR«-earner will be able t j Mjihunt" his average on to the man of Itbe ^'champagne and gold plate" >vt<ide of life j a view which the merest ~ tyro tn political economy knows is ..ridiculous. While there is one man in.the country in want of the necessi ties of life, the shunting process must irresistibly operate the other way. ,. ":iHr, Sleath reckoner) that the re turn-from the tariff would be au ever diminishing quantity, as ia the case of au ideal Protectionist tariff. The answer is that the tariff is to be ai revenue one ; and could not be suffered to yield letts than the amount neoes- i .arv to fiuauce the Sta es individually and collectively. lie talked of the ] economy to arise from the abolition of : the border Oustom-houses, but he omitted to mention that at present these Custom houses at least collect .nmoiént to pay their expenses ; and that tbe Bill proposes to do away with their takings, and retain (at least for èoven or eight years) their cast. We «re utterly opposed to Bürdet dut,os, but as tbe Bill saddles the country with keeping up the Oustom-houses while depriving us of the means of so doing, the caso is almost the oppo site of What Mr.Sleath represented. Mr. Sleath was equally illogical in his «Sorts to get rid of three-fourths ofthat «'228 6a." Without going into the elaborate calculations of the etatie tioisns, wa can show incontestably in -a few words that the additional taxa Üon to fall upon residents of New South Wales must be far nearer the dreadful "22s 6d " than the 4s " a head of which Mr. Sleath speak« so confidently. We are prepared to allow that the transfer to the Com tnonweatth of eervises not now paying (in a pecuniary sense) will relieve the States of a burden say of £1,000,000 a jpsar. Baton tho other hand the ad mitted primary cost of Federation is ,-£500,000, of which tbe share of New -South Wales (46 per cent.) is £232,000. To this we havo to add loss on transferred services-£1,750,000 ; «nd loss of intercolonial duties-say £l,100,000-in all £2.850,000. Of this the share of New South Wales would he £1,150,000. In all New South Wales stands to be debited with £1,382,000, and credited with at most £400,000-showing a nett loss of £982.000, or nearly 16s per head. This amounc is indeed somewhat below the 22s 6d rate-simply because we have conceded to Mr. Sleath and his friends '«il they can possibly claim. Bat whether it differs most from that Sure, or from Mr. Sleath's comfort 1« " 4s," we leave him to say. SETTLKMEST XiKiSEs.-Coonamble land district, on Terembone Holding. -4908 acres, in two farms, 2510 and 2398 acres in area ; distant 35 miles from Coonamble, and 100 miles from Warran ; capital value, 20s atd 25s per acre; will bo available 13th July, 1893. 