THE CORMISTON FATALITY. (To the Editor.) Sir,-When it was said on Friday night that the woman Sellars had driven down . the road "helplessly drunk, accompanied by her child, and that it would be a wonder if she were not killed," .I could but exclaim, "But what about the little girl?" In the morning, when the account of the wretched woman's death appeared in the paper, I thought of Fraine's "Voice of Childhood," written over 30 years ago. He says, "I speak often about the sin of drunkenness, how it enslaves the soul and breaks poor women's hearts, but I think one of the saddest things about it is, the wrong it inflicts upon little children See how it har dens natural affection till the man who ought to be their protector becomes their oppressor. God pity the drunk ard's children. I have seen them given over to ignorance and evil companion ship; I have seen them in rags and tat ters; I have seen them exposed to cruel taunts and wicked ridicule; I have seen them cretep un stairs to watch with childish horror their dearest rela tive battling with imaginary demons, fighting ivith fancied ghosts, talking in a mnadman's incoherent strains; I have seen them grow up vicious and crimi nal because the home was full of wretchedness, the night hideous with quarrels, and the day dreary with de spair. I have seen their white faces pinched with want, and their thin fingers held out appedlingly, but in vain, for food. God pity the children, of the drunkard! You laugh at us sometimes. You call us bigots and en thusiasts because we fight against a sin which steals the little children's bread, which furrows the poor mother's cheek-which crushes the wife's soul with care-which robs . the home of peace-which fills the land with crime and misery; but if anything should stir us up to work against this unspeakable curse of our country I think it is the great army of ill-used children, and patient, broken-hearted women, forgiv ing even unto seventy times seven, whose voices, choked with sobs, and wailing, and lamentation, bid us come up 'to the help of the weak against the strong; to the, help of the Lord against the mighty.'" , Alas! in thie Cormiston case we have a sadder pic ture, than that of a broken-hearted mother. Think of a child of such ten der years taking the principal part in such a scene as that. .Much might be said, but only one question more. Who supplied the drink-or, when one comes across such a case as this, one feels ready to say "poisona'-to 'the un fortunate woman? Thanking you, sir, in anticipation.-Yours, etc., -SINCERITY. 