S^i&ss;^ee*;;^ v Our ycW)legra-nis^ announce ^thit the first round of 'the London international tourna^ merit, which commenced on, May SO^waS jfinished on June 20, when Laskei ? was lead ing mth 11 wins. ' fine other leading scoiSb were Maroczy 10, PiHs'buvjr;Sehlechtei',aiid Janowski 9J each, Blackbura 8i; Tschieorn and l-onn 8 each, and Steinitz and Show alter 6J- each. The tourney, was- limited to 18 coimpetitors, and confined --ta masters by invitation only. The names erf the other competitors other than those 'mentioned above,.. would probably be— Jpharousek, Lipke, Wallrodt, Alapin, Sehiffefs, Atkins, Burn, *nd- Lawrence. l)r..-Tai'rasch is probably not playing, as he annouueed. his intentibn some little time ago of not com peting' again. There are nine prizes; rang ing from. £250 to £20, and several BpecSl prizes.. Each player has to 'play two games with every other competitor, nnd the time Jimit is 15 moves per hour. The , minor tourney, open to amateurs, has beeii.won by Mr. IT. J-.- Marshall. o£ Brooklyn, with a score of 8J -rins. The 'Bulletin' says:— The coming chess champion of Australia seems to be C. G. 21\. bpn of. Marriott Watson, Melbourne,' solicitor, and relative of the Ballarat par son and the English novelist, this brilliant boy carried off local honors the other day, ami drew against Wallace in the Birthday mterprovincfal match. He is at present studying for a. law examination* and only plays the royal game as a pastime. According to the 'Queenslander' the . New South Wales Chess Association is understood to be about to organise ai\ in tercolonial chess congress in 1900, while the proposal to hold a tournament to de cide the championship of the colony tip pears likciy to meet with considerable suc cess. in a recent article in the . JM..AJ?., ' Sir Wyke Bayliss thus waxes enthusiastic over tlie greatest of all games:— 'Staun- ton, who was a friend, could- give me only, the smallest odds; he could not give me the odds of playing without smoking his pipe. .1 .could easily play half a dozen games simultaneously without seeitag the board. Now, for the merchant, who has no cares when he leaves his office; for the parson, who has nothing to think' about but his nest sermon, and doesn't think much about that;- for the lawyer or doctor, who learned all tl'ey want to know in. the days of their youth'; for the Parliament man, who lias only to stand in the- lobby and feel which way the wind whistles through ius brains, it is all very well to take Ufa easy, to sing or dance, or go to the theatre, or play tennis, or take a boat up. the river. But for the artist — who never can lay the ghosts which haunt his brain—who day and night, and night and day, is seeing what do one else can see — visions that lie is striving to crystallise into beautiful and permanent shapes, who wears bis .life out in honest work that makes the brain sweat — for the artist, I say, some quiet, simple, easy, iinfatiguing, refreshing, recreation is needed, and I find it in chess.' The Victorian chess championship for 1899 has. been won by E. B. Lpughran, chief, of 'Hansard' staff. This white haired) yet young-looking, stenographer plays a game of the sound, steady, but un brilliant order. Last year's champion, Marriott Watson, studying 'for 'a' law ex amination, did 'not enter; noi' did Eisling, the reaJ Victorian champion. The weekly mooting of St. Peters Chess Club was held at the institute rooms on Friday vroek, and th? following was the . result of the tourney ponies: — F\ G. Stser, rocejvinff.pawn und move, won from II. Starr; Nock, receivjnt? pawn and move, won from Robertson; HcDopnell, con ceding 'pawn and move, won from Haycraft; Mrs. ITyett, r-onoeding pawn and move, won from Miss Miller; T.issie won his adjourned pame from Othains; Btittfield, receiving1 pawn and move, won from Walldey; and Hyett resumed his ad journed frame will) Tassic, and managed to score a win after making 75 moves. 