GOLD AND THE CHURCH. A gold commanded pulpit will exhort you, under the cloak of religion, to reverence your master, to be obedient, to be humble and con tented with your lot, to— in short— sit down, and wallow in ignorance and' dirt, and filth, and poverty, and immorality, in order that yonder saint, who takes up the collection with a sinilinsr face and contributes luxuriantly to the parson's income, may enjoy luxury, may ride in his cushioned carriage, may eat and swill till he is over-filled, and may bring up his daughters, amidst surrouddingsj that will tend to create in. them finer feelings, to keep them pure and un tarnished. * t V The -disciples of these pulpits know not Christ Their Christ is gold, their God is gold, and their Holy Ghost is gold. Oh, for a Christian — a true Christian — one who will stand forth on the highest hills and tell to the people the grand truths of Christ's teachings. One who will point out the sweater and the wage murderer, the gambler in human lives, in human miseries, in human immorality— one who will denounce such men and point out to the masses the road to pro gress, to enlightenment, to liberty, to freedom, to peace, happiness, and prosperity— one who will denounce the gilded hypocrite who walks to church on Sunday morning and seeks to enter Heaven by making earth a hell for those who have the misfortune to be his employes— one who will read his sermons from the haggard faces of the fathers, the mothers, and the little ones, and rejoice and thank God fervently for every victory that will lessen the gloom on their face.— The ' New Eagle ' (Charters Towers). In ' Scribner's' there is a very able editorial on "Militarism and Women,' in which no doubt is left that militarism, whether it mani fest itself in actual war, or in the vast standing armies which the great powers maintain in times of peace, is a burden and a curse to women, even more so than to men. The closing paragraph of the article says : — l( The degradation of character due to militar ism touches many persons. There is the vicious ethics of war carried into social and industrial life The deceit and fraud, more common in militant countries than in pacific, are evils that women must endure with men. There is the callousness and cruelty of war from which they suffer far more than men. There is finally the morality of war. The full story of the sufferings of women from this cause cannot be written. The standing armies of Europe spread a poison that penetrates the remotest corner of the social fabric. No class escapes it. The Gallantry of officers is notorious. No less are their mercenary marriages. 'Amongst the rank and file occur those illegitimate unions common fo every garrison town. Amongst the toilers the same evil prevails. Militarism acts directly and indirectly to make them unwilling to assume the responsibilities of marriage. How serious the evil has become may be gathered from the reports of the Hirschersberg, Berlin. In that r-PO1,nnninlS'7 800O vict1ms of the Arbiter wmmmm 13 , in?M Th-y crowd the dark corners of ?he B dfi of aU the militant countries of Europe. ^ ' * . * "All social evils and religious errors arise out of the pillage of the labourer by the idler." RUSKIN. , 