THE NOVELIST. THE MILLIONAIRE'S BRIDE. (By John K. Leys..] It is unnecessary for me to detail the cir cumstances under which I became confiden tial clerk and assistant to my old school fellow, Ludovic Steyne, solicitor. The fol lowing is an account of a remarkable case which occupied us for some time-one of the most remarkable, I venture to think, that was ever brought to a solicitor's office; One morning, while Steyne was from home, a card was brought to me bearing the name ALAN F. COBBETT. I knew that an American millionaire called Corbett was then residing in London; and it occurred to me that this might be the same man. It turned out that I was right. " Show him in," said I; and the next moment a young man not yet thirty, with fair hair, a pleasant, but rather weak face, and a dispirited air, entered the room. " When will Mr Steyne be back ?" was the first thing he said. "To-night or tomorrow morning," I re plied. " Perhaps you would rather wait and see him." He hesitated, and I asked him to sit down. " Or, if you prefer to state your case to me I will report to him this evening," I added. "Perhaps that would be best," he said, wearily resting his head upon his hand, " I feel as if I wanted to confide in somebody right away. I am sick of keeping the affair to myself. It weighs on my mind." Of course I told him that I was entirely at his service; and he proceeded " Perhaps you may have heard that I have a large pile of dollars. My father left about ten million dollars, and most of them came to me when he died. I suppose that is the reason the scoundrels have gone for me." " What scoundrels ?" "That's just what I want to find out. Every Monday morning for the last six weeks I have received a threatening letter. They were all type-written, posted in Lon don. I burned them as soon as I got them all but the last-and tried to forget them. But I can't get the thing out of my mind. The fact is it's getting on my nerves." " You have the last of these letters with you?" "Here it is. The rest were all to the same effect." He produced a letter, written on an ordi nary sheet of type-writing paper, from his breast pocket, and handed it to me. It ran as follows : " Sir,-I beg to inform you that a disaster, more awful and heartrending than you can easily imagine, is now about to fall on you. There is but one way by which this calamity can be averted. You must immediately re mit to New York the sum of one hundred thousand dollars (A20,000), and place it to the credit of the account of Thomas Sin clair at Sullivan's Bank, In Ninenty-seveath street. This offer will remain open for four. teen days only. If before the expiration of that time the money is not forwarded, no power on earth can prevent the terrible mis- fortune above predicted falling upon you.; and to the end of your days you will regret that you refused to be warned in time.-. Your well-wisher, "A. Simmonds." "But since nothing has happened in spite of your disregard of the previous warnings," said I, putting the letter carefully into a drawer, "perhaps no harm is really meant." " I was given eight weeks to hand over the money in," answered the. young man, gloomily, " then seven, then six. Now, you see, the time is reduced to two." " Can you think of any special reason why that period should be fixed ?" " Unfortunately I can. I am to be married in exactly two weeks' time." "Ah !" "Yes, I am engaged to Miss Marchmont, a daughter of the late General Bir Edward Marbchmont; and that brings me to another point that may be worth mentioning. Lady Marebmont lives at Lucknow House, Wimbledon. It is In a lobhly situation; and -Lady Marchmont, who is of ratbbr a timid dispeion, has been alarmed by the report tbadilonbtful looking characters have been seene.anging about she- nesgiborhood. She applied to the police, and recelved a civil note to say that there seemed to be no specal cease for-alarm, but that the local constables had been instructed to keep an eye on the house, and warn all tramps and susplcious-looking people off the premises." This was all Mr Corbett had to tell me; and as there was no necessity for immediate action, I told'our new client that I would repeat his story to Mr'Bteyne as soon as he came back, and arrange for another inter. view. Mr Steyne returned that night, and I at once placed before him a precis of the facts Ihave here set down, along with the threateni ing letter. Steyne read them in silence. "fiend' a wire to Mr Oorbett asking him to call at fan tomorrow morning," was all he said 1vlPjahe had perused them. at ten nextdcay Mr Oorbett made his ap. pearance, accompanied by Volonel Marc - mont, an unole or the bride-elect. He was a tall, upright, fresh-colored man-a soldier every inch of him; and I guessed that he could be self-opinionated and obstinate to a depree. " lam afrpiid, Mr Oorbett," said Steyne, plunging at once into the busness, "that yours Is by no pneans an uncommon predica ment. Many attempta are made to black mail wealthy men. And it seeme to me that in these cabes there are only twocourees open to the person attacked-pay up, or fight the scoundrels to the death.' " Fight them !" cried the Colonel, twisting his long white moustache. Corbett looked as if he were not exactly in a fighting humor. " It's not for myself that I mind," he be gan, nervoucly clearing his throat, " though, of course, I would not know a moment's peace, thinking of what those felllows might have it in their heads to do to me. It's Emily, I mean Miss Marchmont, I'm think. ing of. You read that infernal police in spector's letter?" " Yes," answered Steyne; "but really I don't see that Lady Marchmonthas any par ticular cause for alarm." " That's what I tell her," put in the Colonel. " But don't you think they may mean to strike at me through Miss Marchmont 7" pursuned the young fellow, searching Steyne's inscrutable face with eager eyes. "They speak of my marriage-no; but they men tion 14 days. That is what they mean. They know that I would part with every dollar 1 possess rather than that Emily should come to harm. " Alan! I see what you are driving at I" shouted the Colonel; "and I tell you you will forfeit every atom of respect I have for you if you give in to the demands of those rascals. And let me tell you this-the chances are that if they bleed you once they will bleed you again, till they reach your bottom dollar. is it not so, Mr Steyne ?" Steyne gravely assented. " Then you agree with me that it is best to defy them-throw their outrageous letter into the fire, and forget it ?" " I don't say that exactly," said my chief, slowly. "I think that every precaution should be taken to ensure your safety, and Miss Marchmont's-though there seems to be no evidence that she is specially aimed at. I fear those rogues mean business; and I will tell you why. I know this Sullivan of New York, their banker, who is to act, practically, as their fence. He is one of the greatest rogues unhung. But the gang who are trying to blackmail you must have capi. tal, since he is their cashier. Keep indoors, and don't go out unattended, and let Miss Marchmont do the same." " But we can't keep up that all our lives I" cried Corbett impatiently. "Don't you see that you are condeinning us to live almost like the Czar? Would it not be possible to lay some trap for those fellows, and catch them, and so get rid of them? I would give a thousand pounds this moment to feel sure that I needn't fear them any more. If any thing were to happen to Miss Marchmont I should go mad. Can't something be done, Mr 6teyne ?" " Not in the way you mean. They would answer no advertisement, you may be sure; and you see the money is to be sent to America. All you can do is to be ready for them in case they try to carry out their threats. You carry a revolver ?" "I have done so lately. But I am not afraid for myself. How are we to get Miss Marchmont to shut herself up as you sug gest ? I haven't told her of these threaten ing letters, because she is so high-apirited that she would merely laugh at them. Lady IMarchmont, now-" "My sister-in-law would die of fright, I do believe, if you were to tell her," .put in the Colonel. "I think Miss Marchmont ought to know that you have been threatened," said Stayne. "If you like I will call on her, andtry to impress upon her my opinion that the men who wrote these letters are not using mere empty threats. Perhaps I could persueade her to take at least some ordinary pre cautions." "Thanks-1 wish you would. But when we are married we shall be no better off than wve are now," said Oorbett, in a melan choly tone. "I wish togoodness they would attack me and do their best to muarder me. It would be such a relief to know that they had done their worst." He wrote a line on his card to introduce Steyne to his betrothed, and then the millionaire and hit friend departed. It so happened that my employer was prevented from going to Wimbledon that afternoon, and I was despatohed in his stead, I found Miess Marchmont and her sisters three hsarming and sensible girls. Their mother was an invalid, and was for the most part confined to her own room. The house stood in a solitary part of the country, and it was not well protested, the household consisstlig of women abrvants and a page boy. I told the three young ladies that Mr Oorbett had received a threatening letter I did not say he had received six-and was greatly, perhaps unduly, alarmed, being Under an apprehenslon that danger threat ened his bride; and I suggested that to ensure his peace of mind they should hire a man-servant, and that in particular she should never go out alone. Miss Emily fell in with my suggestions at once. I could see that she understood and appreciated her lover's anxiety on her account, and that, like him, her thoughts were more in the future than in the present-that she dreaded more the effect of a series of threats, kept up perhaps for years upon her betrothed, than any actual danger in the present. Our conversation did not last very long, and I was going downstairs on my way out when I met, to my amazement, on the stairs, the lady from whom I had just parted, Emily Marchmont herself. 'For a moment a superstitions dread mastered me. I stood stock etill, gazing at the apparition-as it seemed to me-drawing alowly nearer. Then I saw my mistake. The girl was not Emily Marchmont. Olose at hand the likeness was not so striking, but at the distance of a few feet it was positively startling. The girl's height, carriage, poise and shape of the head and cast of features seemed absolutely iden tical with those of Miss Marchmont. Ere I reached the front door an idea struck me. I turned on my heel and slowly went back to the drawing-room. "Pardon me," I said, on re-entering the room, " but I met just now on the stairs a girl who bears a singular resemblance to you, Miss Emily." " Jan't it odd," cried the youngest Miss Marchmont. " Everyone notices it." " But who is it ?" "Only our maid, Forbes. We came across her once when we were staying at an hotel m Scarborough, and engaged her because of her likeness to Emily, in order that we might get her to play in some private theatricals we had in view where the point of the play was a mistaken identity. It suc ceeded splendidly. Everybody in the room thought that Forbes was Emily; and in the middle of her acting the real Emily came in and confronted her. The people stared as if they had seen a ghost; and the applause was quite deafening." " Don't chatter so, Dorothy," said her eldest sister ; and she turned on me a look which seemed to ask me for an explaiation of my conduct in returning. " It has just occurred to me," said I, " that possibly we may be able to make usne of this accidental resemblance. Your great wish," turning to Emily, "is to do something which would put a final stop to this annoyance. Now, it is my belief, and Mr Corbett's as well, that the rascals who wrote the threat ening letter mean to strike him, if they strike at all, through you. And by far the most likely plan for them to adopt would be for them to try to abduct you, and hold you to ransom. Pray do not misunderstand me," I added hastily, for a scared look came into Miss Emily's face. "I do not for one moment suppose that they will make the attempt, much less do I imagine that they could succeed in carrying out any such crime. But if they have any serious plans underlying their threats, we may be pretty sure that they take the form of carrying you off by force or fraud, and holding you to ransom. They demand twenty thousand pounds now of Mr Corbett. For that sunm they will graciously consent to leave him (and you) alone. But if they really sue ceeded in hiding you away it would not be twenty thousand, but two hundred thousand they would demand as your ransom." " But, Mr r arrar, are such things possible in a country like ours ?" asked the eldest sister. " I hardly think the attempt would suo teed," said I; "but it might certainly be made. One cannot be always on one's guard, and the police cannot be everywhere, as some people seem to think they ought to be. Our aim is that if the attempt is made to carry out these threats, the blackmailers should not get the money they are scheming for, but get caught and sent to penal servitude." " Exactly ! But how is that to be managed, Mr Farrar ?" " My suggestion is this-that from now until the eve of the wedding, Miss Emily should be somewhere else-say, Ip London, while her maid shonld be lent to some friend in need of a maid who lives a good way off. That would be given out to.the world-to servant; postman, friends, and acquaintances -everybody, in short. But all the time the maid and the mistress would have changed places. The very eyes. of the conspirators would aid in deceivinu them. If they make any attempt at all it will be against the maid, Forbes, and you, Miss Emily,: will escape altogether. Nor need Forbes be under anyapprehension as to her safety. 1She has only to satisfy her captore that she is the girlForbes, and not the rich prime they had hoped to gain, and they will be forced to re lease her, for the simple reason that they must know that no one wonuld pay a large sum to ransom her. And when she returns to ns the maid will be able, if I am not very much mistaken, to give us sucnoh information as will lead to the capture of the whole gang." The young ladies were delighted with this plan; but the person whose consent was really necessary was Forbes. She was e:eent for, and I began toexplain matters by say ing that Mr COorbett had received several .hreatenlng letters. At this the young woman turnedso pale, and lookedsoalarmed, thati thought I might as well give up my scheme at once. She would pasever have courage, I tiought, to carry the thing through. I went on with my explanations, however, and took care to mention, in con elasion, that I felt certa~n that Mr OorbeDtt would be willing to promise her.a very hand some present in the event of the plan soc ceeding. Upon this the young woman asked if she might have a hittle time to consider the matter; and this being agreed to, i took my leave. Mr Oorbett was delighted with my scheme when I mentioned it to him. The sole point he objected to nas that he should only be able to see his sweetheart once or twice, if at all before the wedding-day, whereas he woald be forced to call upon the sham Emily Marchmont every day, so that, if his move ments were watched-as I had little doubt they were-the spies would be convinced beyond a doubt that Forbes was in reality the millionaire's bride. When I proposed my soheme to Ludovic Steyne he was not enthusiastie about it. He thought it was too fantastic, smacked too much of the stage, to bepracticable. How ever, he offered no very decided objection to it; and the maii consented to play the part assigned to her-after Oorbett had promised to pay her fifty pounds if a finger was laid on her, and two hundred pounds if the con spirators were arrested. The details were left to the Misses March mont, and they managed things a hundred times better than I could have done. Miss Madeley, an old governess of the Marchmont girls, was taken into the secret; and she readily consented to take rooms in Bays water: for herself and BEza Forbes, who passed as Miss Emily Marchmont. It was given out that Miss Emily had gone up to town to see after her trousseau. It was also given out that Eliza Forbes had gone to stay at Mies Bellingham's to help to mend and clean some wonderful old lace which was to form one of the marriage presents. This Miss Bellingham was a great aunt of the bride. She lived by herself in a small house near the Thames, not far from the village of Thames-Wickham--as retired a place of concealment (seeing that the boat ing season had not begun) as could possibly have been found. She had but two servants -one a strong-minded, faithful creature, who had been with her for forty years, and who was necessarily made a participator in the secret; the other. a red-cheeked country girl, who had lately come to the house, and who never doubted for a moment that the fine- looking, dark-haired girl who sat all day in the mistress's room was Eliza Forbes, the Misses Marchmont's maid. Lady March mont's own servants were kept in the dark. They simply knew that Miss Emily and Eliza Forbes were from home- they sup posed that they were both of them min London. Twice a week Miss Bellingham's elderly servant walked over to Thames-Wickham with Emily Marchmont, in time to catch the early morning train. The train took Miss Emily direct to Wimbledon; and there she alighted and took a cab home. This she did for her mother's sake, but the utmost care and caution were observed, both in going and returning. She wore, of course, clothes befitting her supposed station in life. On the other hand, the sham Emily Marchmont came home frequently, and always in the open day. A little inquiry showed that the tradesmen and neighbors habitually took her for her mistress. In a word, the trans migration was thoroughly and artistically carried oat. When one of the two weeks had gone by Corbett came to see us again. ie had re ceived another anonymous letter that morn ing. It was rather different from the others, in that the writer assumed an air of con temptuous insolence, as of a man who was already master of the situation. If Mr Corbett chose to remit twenty thousand pounds by cable to New York within the next three days, the money would still be accepted, and no further claim would be made. But if not, let Mr Corbett look oat for himself. He could not say that he had not been fairly warned. And more to the same effect. " The impudeat blacklegs 1" cried the young American, as he walked in a state of excitement up and down my chiefs consult ing room.. "Let them look out for them selves, that's all. I 'have this with me day and night"-he showed as the handle of a revolver sticking out of his pocket-" and I've engaged a giant of a fellow to go about with me. They can't touch me; and if they try any games on with Miss Marchmout they'll burn their fangers niaely, won't they ?.' "I have no doubt they will, MrCorbe t," I returned, seeing that my chief was plunged in thought. "Miss Forbes seems an intel ligent and spirited girl, and ihe has been fully instructed. If they presume to lay a finger upon her, they will find that they have caught aTartar." Three days later Corbett came stain, and this time he was ina statg of nervous agi tation for which I could not account. At last it came out that that afternoon, in pame ing alongthe Strand, a big, broad-shouldered, red-haired man had thrust himself in Cor. bett's way, laughed impudently in his face, and passed on. The incident was nothing in itself ; but I could see that the yrun fellow was upeet by it. He was convince that the red-haired man was one of his'hid. den enemies, already gloating over his vii tim; and, indeed, it was a trying situation for a man to be in. Be believed that his foes were only waiting an opportunlty to spring upon him, and yet he could not take a single step towards meeting them, or warding off the attack. It was on the even ing of the following day, just three days before the wedding, a dull, cold, misty night, more like November than March. About half-past seven at night Mr COorbett came to Brussels Square, his face radiant, beaming over with satisfaction." " We've got them I" he cried. "That Miss Forbes is-one 1 I've a telegram here from Miss Madeley. Those rascals must have nabbed her on her way home to-night. T[wonder how they managed It? I suppose she made no resistanee. Ha I ha! Won't they be mad when they find out their mies take? I think [ see theirfaces when she says, 'Marchmont? Thiat is not my name. Iam Miss Forbes, Miss Marchmont is my mistress.' Ha, ha, ha! I say, Mr Farrar, do you thmk we shall be able to put salt on their tails, oh? Oan't I eee Steyne? When will he be In ?" I was in the act of answering him when heard Steyne's latchkey In the street door. He came in; but half a minute later I heard the door bang behind him. He had gone out again. Corbett ran to shout after him, but he was too late. Eight, nine, ten o'clock struck, and my chief did not return; and still the young American waited, as patiently as he could. At last, about half-past ten, Steyne came in. I saw at once by hisface thatsomething had happened, When his eyes fell on Cor bett he stopped short, and a look of grave pity came into his face. Then he walked up to the young man and took his hand. "Mr Oorbett," he said, "Iam about to put your manhood to the test. A terrible thing has happened." Oorbett became white to the lips, and yet I saw him make an effort to pull himself te gether, Outwardly he was calm, and he looked Steyne straight in the eye. " She is gone i" said the young man hoarsely, and I now saw that he was shak ing from head to foot. Steyne nodded gravely. Corbett made a rush for the door, bus the older man was the stronger of the two, and easily held him back. " What would you do ?" said Steyne. " The last train for Thames-Wickham has gone, and if you walk or drive you will only fatigue yourself to no purpose. Everything that man can do, all that the organised police of the country backed by your enor mous wealth can do, has been done, or is being done at this moment. Take my ad vice: try to remember that it is not the policy of the kidnappers to injure Miss Marchwont in any way. She will be re stored to you very soon, I am certain. Go home and try to get some sleep, and it you want to see with your own eyes what is being done, come to the Holborn Town Hall at eight o'clock to-morrow morning." Obeying a look from my chief, I put on my hat and went home with Mr Oorbett. He was very quiet, and leant on my arm as if he had been recovering from a fever. Every now and then a savage look would come into his facoe, and his. fingers, .I could see, were grasping the handle of his revolver. Once or twice a strong shudder 'passed him, as I have seen it with men who were sickening for some disease. " I had my donbts about this plan from the first," said Steyne to me, as we walked over to the Holborn Town Hall next morn ing; "and I ought to have seen the sig nilicance of the girl Forbes changing color when you first told her of the threatening letters. That was from no mere feeling of timidity. I have no doubt that she was in the plot from the first ; and when you began to speak to her of the threatening letters she thought that she had been found out." " Have you any idea how Miss Marchmont was spirite I away ?" I ventured to ask. " I shall know in a few minutes," was the reply. The large room Into which we went was filled with men, employds moat of them, of various detective offices. Each one had had a map and a set of printed instructions given him- Steyne had provided for all this during his three hours' absence the night before. Suddenly Steyne's clear voice rang through the room. " Now, lads," he cried, "you have your work before you. The lady we are seeking left Wimbledon for Thames-Wlckham at 7.298 last night. I and that the return half of a fins- olaess ticket from Thames-Wickham was given up at Banworth, the station just before; and I think it likely, therefore, that she left the train there and was induced to enter a earriage-a ly, as they call it-which metthe traln. We want to find that fly. Understand, there is agratuityof fivepounds per man afor the job. One hundred pounds will be paid for any news of the lady after sheleft Wimbledon,andone thousand pounds if such information leads to our finding her." A nsubduaed cheer followed these words. Corbett, who had been standing beside the speker, turned his pale, haggpard face to Iteyoe sy nd easyght him by thearm, "See here," he whispered. "This came by this morning's post." It was another typewritten letter. "The blow has fallen. Fifty thousand pounds, or soeurities to that amount, must be deposited in Bullivan's Bank, as before explaned. When that is done Miss M. will be restored to her friends unharmed. If the money (or securities) is not deposited, she will neaver be seen again alive." So ran this villainous letter. "I must send It," said Corbett, his voice hoarse with emotion. "Give me two days," cried Steyne. " Think what you are doing if you yield to these men's demands. They will at once tell their companions, and other rich men's wives or daughters will be abducted. The crimewill spread; and who can tell what the consequences may be? No harm will come to Miss Marchmont to-day. That is certain. Give me to-day. Every Inn, every village and farmhouse within driving die. tance of Hanworth will be visited to-day. Every rural policeman will be questioned. News is sure to come in before the evening. If not, you may advertise in the morning papers that you are willing to come toterms. That will give me a second day. Two days are all I ak." The American turned away with a groan. Steyne drew me aside. " For Heavensa sake," he whispered, " take him down to that place, and keep him going about questioning folks. He w il go mad if he s not allowed to tbink he is doing some. thing." A dreary day that was for all of us. I was told afterwards thatmny clues were reported. They were promptly examined by trained men whom Steyne had retained for the purpose; one and all turned out worthless. On the afternoon of the second day, as Corbett and I were driving from village to village, questioninM everybody that came in our way, Steyne joined us. There was a supreseesd excitement abouthim that I well understood. " Don't you think," I sugeested, " that Mris Marchmont may have been carried off down the river ?" We werethen driving slowly along a road that lay close to the north bank of the stream, which spread its sullen length before us. Steyne was walking by the side of our dog~cart. "No," said my chief, sharply. "There are looks every few miles. Al; the lock keepers bavhr been que~htloned. No lady went down In an open boat, nor has any launch with a cabin passed down yesterday, or the night before." As my chief had been speaking, I noticed that his eyes rested on a house-boat that lay " moored near the opposite bank, under the shelter of a group of willows. " Whose is that house-boat ?" he asked. "It belongs to some city man," said or Sbett, impatiently. "I don't think anyone has been near it since last season." 3 We went on a few paces. Then Steyne sat down by the side of the road, and wrote r a note on a leaf torn from his pocket-book. SThis he put into an envelope, which he I sealed. " Please drive to Weybridge as fast as you Scan," he said to Corbett, "and give this \- note to the police superintendent there. You Smay jump down, Farrar, 1 may want you." In less than a minute the dog- cart had \- disappeared. Steyne and I went on till a clump of s bushes hid the river from us., a " Farrar," he said, in an excited whisper, I "unless my eyes are not what they were, I saw a curtain move on board that house s boat I Let us stay here and wateh it. I Shave sent for a boat. It will be here by Sdusk." We sat down and waited, taking turns to i watch the house-boat. So the hours passed I till nightfall. The shadows were deepening when we I heard the soundo of ars; presently a boat 3 drew into the bank. Two men were rowing. Corbett and two policemen were in the stern I sheete, I We stepped in, and palled away for the " house-boat. Before we reached it we heard a noise on board, and we could just make out, in the darkness, a small boat with three men in her, creePing out from between the house Lboat and the river bank. SGdive way, men 1" cried Corbett. " Curse Sthe fools I Why is there only one pair of oars ?" The small boat, with its light freight, rapidly forged ahead. There was a sharp a bend in the river just there; in another minute the boat would be out of sight. s Suddenly ,a deafening soream. from a f steam' whistle barst on our ears. A steam i launch came rushing down stream, and a crashed into the small boat. ? We heard cries from the water, but before we could reach the spot they had ceased. 1 Next day the three bodies were recovered. One of them Corbett recognised as the big, r red-haired man who had laughed in his face I on the street. t In a tiny bedroom on board the house E boat we found Mise Marohmont, somewhat 1 dared from a dose of opium which (we sup t posed) had been given her in her tea, but Sotherwise perfectly well. With her, to our Sastonishment, was 1Es Forbes I The girl z was prepared to go to prison; but she bhad made herself so useful to Emily Marchmont s during her detention on the house-bast, that B the lady posltively refused to allow her to s be arhmont had been induced to t eave the train at Hranworth by a false tele gram which purported to come from Miss I. Belingham, saying that suspicious person. a hadbee hanging about the Thames-Wick. Sham station, and that she had better, there forth, alight at atnwoth,. and drive home. e The fly had been procured befbrehaud; and was driven by one of the conspirators. It stopped opposite the houseboat, where the I other two scoundrels were waiting for it. t It was a Ipnely part of the country, and e Miss Marchmont was without much dfl. I culty foreed into a boat and takento the a house-boat, where. Forbes was wailing to a reseive her. Two months later, Miss March maont, who had quite recovered from the shook of her abduction, became Mrs Alan Corb3tt.-"Oanterbury Times." Mr James Kearnan. formerly manager of the 3reat Boulder Perseverance and who left this place to go to Klondyhe, returned to Kalgoorlie by Tuesday's express train. 