TOPICS OF THE TIMES. A- CHOICE SELECTION OF IN- : :>,TERESTING ITEMS. Comments; ; and. Criticisms Based Upos tlie Happenings or the Day— Historical and News Notes. a bunch of Louisiana rice shows a yield of 4,500 grains from a single seed. The submarine telegraph system of the world consists of 120,000 nautical miles of cable. At Amherst, N. S., recently, .. Rev. Dr. Hartley lost a valuable ring. He advertised but got -no tidings until a dream revealed to him the fact that the ring was under his bed, and he found it on one of the slats. In London the daily papers talk of : bridges for pedestrians on street cross ings, where the crowds and the vehi cles now often make an impassible jam.- This was tried on Broadway at Fulton street, New York, but the bridge was so little used that it was taken down. The grave of William H. Crawford, who was United State3 Senator from Georgia From 1809 to 1813, then for two years Minister to France, and afterward Secretary of War in President Madi son's Cabinet and Secretary of the Treasury under Monroe, is unmarked by so much as a tombstone. Gin .Non, a Chinese merchant of Riverside, Cal., is about to return to China to secure himself a wife, and in order to be allowed to land upon his return, he has drawu up a certificate setting forth who he is, and had his photograph pasted on the same sheet, and had the different county officials sign the document. The theory that there was a connec- ion between Babylon and China in uncieut times has much in its favor, and as the idea seems to be growing in im pedance it may be interesting to know that it was suggested by an American, Rev. William Frederick Williams, in an unpublished letter addressed to Rev. Leoi avd Bacon, D. D., and dated June L->, 1853. The document is preserved iu the library of Yale College. No objection was made to the mar riage of a young Louisville couple; yet, for l he sake of romance, they executed a sensational elopement. They met by appointment at 3 o'clock in the morning and-b jarded a locomotive for a country .own. There they routed a justice out <>f bed in the small hours and were prickly made one. They then returned .ii the city, where the bride roused her areuts and introduced her new hus band. The Vassal- Aid Society, whose ob- :e(;t ir t-o promote friendliness among . ho e wh > have graduated /from tbe col- egc and also to help needy students, he'd its first annual meeting in New York recently. President James M. Taylor, of Yassar College, said that .:4 J,0(J0 had been expended by the trus tee i of Vassar in the aid of students « ho wore auxious to complete the jour-e. The college, he declared, would spend in a similar way $11,000 .or ihe present school year. Tift: man who considers that the home duties of a woman are .inferior to the political work of -a man must be either a bachelor or blind. The very highest qualities, of the heart, and in- lo'lccl. may be exercized by a mother, sister or elder daughter, in watching over the physical, mental and. moral growth of the children in her care. :! critic patience and vigilance that never (ires, an adaptation of means to ti c c;-d, a careful study of individual trails, a keen psychological insight may find, ample room for exercise wi liiii the four walls of even a humble home; . A I'RETYY bird story comes 'from We Iville, Conn. In the summer of 1889 Mrs. A. R. Burwell found in her dooiyard a yoring robin which had ra le i. arid hurt itself in attempts to fly. She t enderly cared for it, arid it-in time lieeame- a strong, healthy bird; ;. It be-; came quite tame, seeming to desire no giea'er freedom than the houa'-e af forded, arid would answer at the whis- t ed call of members of the family. Tt lived there for a year, when iti waB ' aken fiut' of doors, and after- hoviiring u'ound- for a, while) disappeared.' Last week the bird returned ; to the hriuse: li d ;yqluritarily resumed its hospitable quarters there, q : . £ li'TY, years "age there was no reason doiibt the correctness of Bonpland's ie Ty, that the depth of tine deepest ic-.i (ibrrdspqndsV to 'the height of the jghrijL.iripuntain; but the supposed v-jiiximlrim has now been V-riVd to" fail short by more than 6,000 cl-rtt: . three . different points — nearly ..r.Tlflv/uy.'bClweeudlielslahdSt.Helena "-yd Gape . Lopezy , on the west coast of A r i'-'.i sixty ririlc.s south of tlie Maldive \ -iri.ke'cgo, and .iu the "Group of ' ;as Gapt.; . Baudiasiu calls a I u.i i.l: 6 rot remark aid e depressions neat tlfe aU.eitn' "extremity of New Gninea; Atvi:rrEii in a contemporary is com- qlaiiiing that tlie tendency of current iteraiirie is to : encourage the belief in ;hu-.is, says the London ,'Fick:MeUp. 1'lii a .is, ):erhapHt a little sweeping in ts ci.a ge, but. there are certainly one ..> iu papers I luil are doing their level best to make na beliuve Uut Uib wail ,lhe eat, on the dust-hole is the cry of the spirit frqm the v&Bty; deep. Then there are. two or three well-meaning, but painfully misguided societies that will send half n dozen representatives down to your pl&oe; to get partioul&rs; of the ghost you hear inside your wall paper, and which subsequently proves to-be the baby next door with indiges tion. Two and a half miles south of the little Mexican village of Las Humm'et- tas, in Western Arizona, is a low, Bandy valley, flanked by tall monntains, there is a hole about three feet in diameter and of unknown depth, from which a dense crowd of smoke and steam is con stantly arising. For 100 feet on each side of the hole the .ground is moist and heated. Water collected in the holes which has been dug in this moist ground has the tendency to make one very wakeful, besides giving the face, hands and feet a paralytic numbness. Every' evening at 7 o'clock large vol umes of sand are shot from tbe hold, preceded by a roar " that can be heard for miles. . - The report from Germany that Prof. Koch has abandoned' lecturing in, conse quence of having discovered a cure for consumption by inoculation; will stimu late curiosity not only in medical circles but throughout . Christerdom. Any; scientist who professes to be able to rob this modern Bcourge of its terrors neces-i sarily becomes an interesting figure in tlie big. .world. Prof. Koch's original experiments were apparently successful in the identification of the character istic germ of this disease, although the results were questioned by high medi-, oal authorities. If he has now followed in Pasteur's track and" discovered some effective means of inoculating patients against the disease, the development of his curative jsystem will be watched with eager interest in many countries. A publisher was saying recently hat the Chautaaquari circle in this country is largely responsible for the present marvelous interest in Latin and Latin literature. At no time within; ifty years have so many text-books, lO'mmentaries -and- translations- been turned from the press. The tendency if the colleges to make Latin and Greek iptiorial studies, instead of allaying this uterest, seems to have excited ambition miong budding scholars all over tlie ountry to master the dead languages, jince the first American translation of Yirgil a year a two ago the publishers' vocds are full of MSS. of Virgils, loraces, Ovids, and Lucretinses. -At. east two other schools, besides Ann irbor University and Washington Seminary, are planning the production >f classic comedies also. The Paris corespondent of the Lon- lou Morning Post says a curious Btory tas leaked out as to how. M. Constans, he Minister of the Interior, managed o frighten General Boulanger out of .'ranee and thus bring an awkward sit- lation to a climax. The minister knew that one of his subordinates was in daily lommunication with tbe General and in formed him of everything that passed it the ministry. Knowing that Boul- mger was jestless, M. Gonstans scrib- >led on a slip of paper: "Arrest B., and D. to-night." He then called lis subordinate to give him some in- tructions and toyed with the Blip of «aper while talking. On pretext of be- ng obliged to give an urgent order the uinister left his desk for a second and lie thiug was done. He saw by tbe ace of his employe that he had read be paper. He then sent the clerk out >n an errand not requiring haste. Soon ifter M. Gonstans received a visit from me of Gen. Boulanger's domestics, idiom he employed as a spy, that his fci atagem had succeeded and I that preparation for a flight had been made. From trifling indentions large for- unes are often"" made. The pen foi .hading in different colors yields an in- lome of $200,000 per annum.. The rub- aer tip at the end of lead pencils hat ilreadv made $100,000. A large for- .une has been reaped by a miner who inveuted a metal rivet or eyelet at each end of the mouth of coat or trousers pockets to resist the strain caused by he carriage of pieces of ore or heavy sools. An equally useful invention is he "darniug weaver," a device for re tiring stockings, under garments,: etc., he sale of which is very large and in neasing. As large a sum as was evei .btair.ed for any invention was enjoyed by the inventor of the inverted glass hell lo hang over gas to protect the eilings from being blackened, and a scarcely less lucrative patent was that .'or simply putting emery on cloth. Che gimlet-pointed ' screw has pro- luced more wealth than most silver niuo-, and the American who first bought of putting copper tips to chil dren's shoes has realized a large for- nne. Upward of $10,000 a year was nade by the inventor of the coirimon :eed'e threader. To the foregoing . night be added tlioussnds of trifling rut useful articles, for which large sums iave been paid. The field of invention V large, and oj en to everybody, witli- ut respect to f ex, age, or station... A' man in New York lias in his pos- es-dori a tin box full of stock certificates hat cost him $65,O0O, aud are now tterly worthless. Many a e'ever gentlemaii has1 failed. I nii'ike his mark in. life, owing to the .-ant ol a dress suit . . ; 