PERSOHAIi. It is understood that the Holy Father had pro mised to receive the Duke and Duchess of Con naught in special audience about December 22. Prince Ranjitsinghihas been made a colonel. He has been appointed by the Maharajah of Patiala to the honorary colonelcy of his bodyguard. Mb. E. C. Putt, of the Cairns district, Queens land announces that he will stand out next election as a Progressive Conservative ! What is a Progres sive Conservative r Herr Witt, of the Urania University, Berlin, has discovered a new planet. It travels on a path nearer to earth than that of Mars, and completes its revolution in 600 d ays. Madame Frances. Saville, the Australian singer, has been the victim of an extensive jewel robbery. Whilst she was staying at an hotel in Vienna jewels to the value of £4000 were stolen from her rooms. The Mad Fakir, who was reported as defeated ana Tendered inocuous, is again on the warpath in the Nepki Khat Valley, on the border of Afghanistan. Reinforcements are being got ready to launch against him if necessary. Hen Ley Parkes is the name hung out over a Svdney Chinese laundry. There is also a Chinese shopkeeper who calls himself Hi Ivee Hi Sics. After this, who will assert that the Chinese are not a humorous people ? Mk. Henry M'Aulifle, railway stationmaster at Lyndhurst, has been promoted to Bveadalbane, near Goulburn. He was presented with a purse of {sovereigns before leaving Lyndhurst. Three prominent Catholics have recently died in New Zealand. They were Mr. Patrick Hendron, of Christchurch ; Mr. Daniel 'M'GuinneBS, of Timaru ; and Mr. H. M'Eldowney. Mr. It- B. Connolly has been elected vice president and Mr. J. M'Mahon, hon. treasurer of the Singleton Mechanics' Institute. Two good men and true, who well deserve the distinction they have thus achieved. Mr. William Montagu Rothery died at Cliefden, near Lyndhurst, last week. Deceased was the first squatter in Australia who sent wool direct to England. He dealt with Messrs. Balme and Co., London woolbrokers, for 68 years. Another Irishman has been awarded the Vic toria Cross for heroism at Omdurman. This time it is Private Byrne, who rescued Lieutenant Moly neux when the latter was surrounded by Der vishes. Mb. J. A. Doyle, the well-known city solicitor, met with a very painful accident about Christmas time, and has since been obliged to keep to his room at Pettys Hotel. The chief trouble is an iniured knee, the result of a fall. Mr. Doyle has had the advantage of Dr. Fred Hall's skill and the devoted attention of his sister, Miss Fannie Doyle. George Reid, the podgy Premier of New South Wales, is evidently used to political surprises (says the N. Z. Observer). On one occasion when he was on the stump he was suddenly struck on the forehead -with a venerable duck-egg. He calmly ?wiped the yoke out of his eyes, and, then turning to the audience, said, 'Than Heaven the moa is extinct.' Our Melbourne correspondent writes : — A very pleasant gathering met onboard the German boat Bremen to bid Mr. Dawson, head of the firm of Stewart Dawson and Co., jewellers, Swanston-street, Ion voyage on his leaving for England. The manager of the firm, Mr. A. E. Shappere, in proposihg the health of. Mr. Dawson, touched upon the entente cordiale which existed between Mr. Dawson and the firm's.employes, and in wishing Mr. and Mrs. Dawson a pleasant trip to London, trusted that a speedy re turn would strengthen the kindly feeling between them. The toast being drunk in champagne, Mr. Dawson feelingly responded and deeply regretted leaving so many kind friends, among whom was his trusted and popular manager. After the health of the ladies had been honoured, the party broke up amidst general handshaking and good wishes. Mr. P. V- Ryan, of Bathurst, who is leaving his native town to start in business in Sydney, was accorded a very complimentary 'send-off' at the Royal Hotel, Bathurst, on Saturday evening last. The two town bands volunteered to play at inter vals outside the hotel, and did so. The Mayor (Mr. F. B. Kenny) presided at the farewell gather ing, which was attended by many of the leading citizens of Bathurst. Apologies wero read from the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne (Bishop of Bathurst), Mr. J. Rutherford. Mr. F. Halliday, and Mr. P. Shanks. Speeches complimentary of Mr. Ryan's services to Bathurst and the community at large were made bv the chairman, Hon. F. B. Suttor, Alderman E. T. Webb, Mr. A. G. Thompson, Dr. Hurst, Alderman Simmons, Mr. W. G. Thompson, Alderman Bassett, and others. Mr, Ryan made an able speech in reply, and was afterwards escorted , to the* railway Btation by a large crowd, with the two bands playing ' Auld Lang Syne.' Recently Mr. A. Oxenham, of the Post and Telegraph Office at Redcliffe, Queensland, was transferred to St. Lawrence, Broad Sound, beyond Rockhampton. As the Oxenham family have been in the Redcliffe district for over ten years, and suc ? ceeded in making themselves very popular and greatly respected by all classes, the people in gene xal resolved to give Mr. Oxenham a suitable ' send ofl,' especially in his official capacity ; and the Catholic ladies in particular made up their minds to honour Mrs. Oxenham by a special farewell and golden memento. The Rev. J. F. Leighton, local Anglican clergyman, Messrs, M. O'Shea, P. F. M'Gurk, T. Moxley, A. Ashmole, — Tubbs, W. Walsh, and a number of other gentlemen, invited Mr. Oxenham to the Redcliffe Hotel, whey they presented him with a beautifully illuminated and framed address and a purse of sovereigns. On Friday, 6th January, the Feast of the Epiphany after Mass in the Redcliffe Church, the priest in charge of the district bade farewell and God-speed to Mr. and Mrs, Oxenham and family. He thanked them for being such good model Catholics, and especially for attending to the Sacraments so regu larly, and for always being most willing and ready to take a leading part in all church work. He made special reference to the extraordinary share that Mrs. Oxenham and family took in the church bazaar over a year ago, and to the great taste in decorative work for musical entertainments. Then, on behalf of Catholic friends, he presented Mrs. Oxenham ?with n. frn\\(\ watchv Mrs. Herbert, of Muckross, has been lately re- I E ceived into the Church at Kenmare, County Kerry, | | Ireland. I Mr. W. T. Stead, writing of Bismarck, considers it the one redeeming point in his character ' that ? he believed in ghosts, and believed in God.' Mr. Stead concludes his article on Bismarck with a question which has a beginning and no end. Noble, the dynamite King, left £40 0,000 to be handed to ' the person who should have done the ... most and best for the accomplishment of universal I peace. His executors have decided that the legacy j shall go to the Czar of Russia as a reward of merit. On Wednesday week, at St. Patrick's Church, Lithgow, the Rev. Father M'Glone united in matri mony Mr. David Hughes of Fish. River district and Miss Jane E. Flanagan, of Ganbenang. The happy couple afterwards left for Sydney, en route to New castle, their future residence. L'Etoile Belge, in announcing the death of Adolph Samuel, the famous Belgian composer, admits the sincerity of his conversion from the . Jewish to the Catholic Church and the Christian inspiration of his great masterpiece, ' Christus,' the last and'.crowning work of his life. At the half-yearly meeting of the St. Patrick's branch A.H.C, Guild, of Singleton held last week, the following officers were elected : — Warden, Mr. J. T. M'Mahon ; bursar, Mr. J. C. Killelea ; trustee, Mr.H. J. Miner ; secretary, Mr. M. Maher ; coun cillors, Messrs. Kennedy, Sattler,-Holohon, and Ryan. Emilio Aguinaldo, the leader of the Filipino in surgents, is a man of weak morality, He accepted a Spanish bribe of £10,000 to give up the war and . go to Hongkong, whence he was taken back by the Americans in the hope that he would help to defeat the Spaniards. Admiral Dewey declares that he has never given Aguinaldo the slightest recognition as an ally, nor has he recognized his 'Govern- ' ment.' Mr. Frederick Yorke Wolseley, the inventor of the Wolseley sheep-shearing machine and whose , death has just been announced, has been a well known figure in Australian pastoral and social life. He has probably dene more good for the world than his brother — Lord Wolseley, the British Com mander-in-Chief. The name of Horan is pretty familiar in Austra lian cricket, and it looks as though it may come into prominence again. The Argus says that J. Horan, a son of the well- known Victorian batsman, T. Horan, was not out for Malvern a week ago, having held his end all through an afternoon. On Saturday he continued, and was out for an exceed ingly well made 135. He is a big boy, not yet well knit. Mr. George Wilson Hall, at one time secretary of the Melbourne Typographical Society, and after wards M.L. A. for the Berialla district in the Vic torian Parliament, is now giving lantern lectures in London. He illustrates the scenery, resources, and industries of Victoria, and is working under the direction of the Premier of Victoria. Miss Flora Shaw, who visited Australia on be half of the London Timbs, and was connected in directly with the Jameson Raid in South Africa, has returned from a trip to Klondyke. She wa8 entertained at a banquet at Montreal. She looks so well after her rough expedition that one member of the Canadian Government guessed her age at 18, though she is nearer 38 ! The Hon. J. T. Toohey, M.L.C., and Mrs. Toohey took their departure on Monday last by the Califorman mail steamer Moana lor a trip through the United States and Europe. They were seen ofi by Mr. D. O'Connor, ex-M.L.C, and a number of private friends. Mr. Toohey will be absent about a year. On Tuesday week another old identity in the Jerilderie district passed away, in the person of Mr. Patrick Troutt, at the ripe old age of 72 years. The deceased, who was in the army for some years, and had seen active service in South Africa and India, obtained his discharge and came to the colo nies in the fifties when the gold diggings broke out at Bendigo. The cause of death was paralysis of the brain. The deceased leaves a grown-up family of three sons and two daughters- His remains were conveyed to their last resting-place in the Catholic portion of the Jerilderie cemetery on Wednesday afternoon. i Forbes has just been the scene of as sad an inci- dent as ever was recorded in that district. On Friday last Mr. Daniel Patrick Mylecharane, one of the most respected residents of the town, had called at the house of a friend, leaving his horse tethered outside. The animal taking fright bolted; and it is here that the first act of the tragedy occurred. Mr. Mylecharane borrowed another horse to go in search of his own, and in the dim twilight had the misfortune to come into collision with a tree some four miles from the starting point. Medical men have ventured the opinion that, had anyone been present to help him, his life might have been spared. As it was, he died where he fell. Forbes was in profound mourning on Saturday and Sun- day, and scarcely a local resident but felt that a dear friend had passed away. The funeral on Sunday represented the full sympathy of the town and district, and the lamentable function was ren- dered still more melancholy from the fact that along with Mr. Mylecharane was buried a little daughter one of twins born on the 26th ultimo. But the cup of sorrow had not even yet been drained by the bereaved family, for on Monday last the newly- closed grave was reopened to receive the mortal remains of the other twin daughter. The deceased gentleman, who was but 30 years of age, was fol- lowed to the graveside by the Mounted Rifles and the local fire brigade, of which bodies Mr. Myle- charane was a member. The military band, under Bandmaster Acrett, played the 'Dead March' in the procession. The Very Rev. Dean M'Auliffe offered up the last prayers at the grave. The de- ceased gentleman leaves a wife and three children to mourn the loss of a splendid man. R.I.P. 