By M. CRAWFORD ERASER. [Published by special arrangement" with thd' author. Ail rights reserved.] CHAPTER IV.—(Continued). Lady Eva laughed with." happiness. Her reward was coming so soon that it bughfc. to have frightened her. Don Orazio went on. i. "You English people never can get on without a ghost, you know! I believe "you bring them from home with you. We stupid Romans never know that our houses are haunted , till we let an apartment to a foreigner, and at once the phantom ap "I have never seen our ghost," said Lady Eva, "and I am sure my daughter never has. It is only supposed to appear at night in the garden, and of course one is never there at that time." "Where are you going this summer?" asked Orazio. It is the stock question in Rome in June, but it sounded significant in Lady Eva's watchful ears. "I have not quite decided," she said, warily. She had already sent half her things to a villa at Siena, taken, after much consideration, two months before. "Why don't you come to Vallombrosa?" asked the Prince. "My mother is going to our place up there, and. I know she would he very gJad to see*you. You-will? . That is right! I will speak to her at once, and she will write to you. Place me at the feet of mademoiselle. An re voir!" He lifted- his hat, and the sun. fell on the gold of the hair, on. the clear, happy eyes, and . the beautiful features. Lady Eva . gasped out some" kind .of farewell and he was gone. He laughed low to himself as lie descended the long marble steps to the Piazza beneath. He knew all about the villa at Siena, and was amused at Lady Eva's crafty sacrifice of all her own plans to meet his wishes. What an ideally submissive mother-in-law she would make! As usual, Carlo Spina had dropped into the place Orazio had left empty by Olym pia's side. His life seemed to be a care ful understudy to Porsenna's. "What d-oes it mean?" he asked, in real perplexity, as that magnificent person planted himself by Lady Eva. ' Olympia shrugged her shoulders and smiled into Carlo's near-sighted eyes. Why should she not make the best of her chances after all? • Carlo was small and ugly, "but he was undeniably smart, and he amused her. - "How should I know?" she said lightly. "He is becoming so dull and tiresome that I fancy, that he is getting ready to marry an Englishwoman. Can't you see Orazio drinking tea - and reading the Bible, and dandling a red-haired baby? He would look sweet!" "I hope she'll beat him," said Carlo, dropping, his eyeglass just clear of his mouth. They say English ladies are very severe with their, husbands. But Lady Eva does'not look as if she could heat anybody —she is so sweet and gentle." "Some of the gentleness comes off with ler bonnet, I fancy," said Olympia; "but ;he looks wonderfully pleased just now. loesn't she? There, he is gone. Do go and ind out what he said! > Carlo trotted obediently over on his little ; ligh-heeled boots to Lady Eva's carriage, uid in a very few minutes had got what he vanted. Lady Eva was much too happy ;o he discreet at that moment. "What is it?" said Olympia, as he return :d to her side, • "beaming at having been ihle"to find out what she wished to know., 3is worship was genuine as far as it went. "Orazio has-asked them to Yallombrosa or the summer," he whispered, behind the :he(lter of . her parasol. She was holding it, . i costly tortoiseshell toy, in both hands, ind the wind-blown laces of its edge made i cloudy background for her vivid beauty. "Carlo never could understand how it was ■ .hat' the gold-hound handle •' suddenly mapped and shivered in a dozen pieces. L'he accident seemed to - have spoilt Ilympia's temper, for she at once drove tome and would not even tell him whether te. might come and see her that evening. The pleasant turn on the Pincio and the lelightful surprise of Orazio's invitation . nted as a tonic to Lady Eva's much-tried ierves. She now felt capable of deciding in what she called, a proper course of ' iction, one that shoiild deliver Honora for, ;ood and all from the dangers of a rash arriage. So, when Honora,-her sweet eyes heavy ith weeping, came down from her room the eight o'clock dinner, Lady Eva kiss ! her cold cheek-graciously and told her >w sorry she had been, on calling at the invent, to learn that Padre Damiano was ray in-Naples, and would not be in Some r some time to come. Honora fell into ie snare and thanked her mother for hav-' g taken the trouble to enquire, and then ieeling that tears might once more take ie mastery if 'she spoke of what had • issed—looked out at the great wide view id wondered if there was auy poor girl rtween the sea and those mountain-tops unhappy as herself. She was cut "off om her only counsellor in not being able see Padre Damiano. in whose wisdom, id kindness she had unbounded confi ;nce, and she was at the age when tne ea of waiting patiently and letting events ke care of themselves is worse than any ng of youth's sublime despair. One thing she still hoped in, and that is Gerald himself. He would move aven and earth to find out the truth, reach her side if there were ho Divine w to part- them. He would come-back -morrow, and," though she would have news for: him, yet he would surely have me. ' for • her: -It said much for the holeness of her bringing - up that the ea of breaking away from ber mother id seeking counsel from another priest an her director never entered her mead, would have been of little use to her* if had, for no servant Would have ae mpanied her without Lady Eva's orders, d the disgrace of being seen alone in the reet was one which nothing would have duced her then to face. ' " It was an immense relief when, towards lf-past 9 o'clock, her mother announced at she was going out to some great lady's, irima sera" reception. The Romans .vays divide the evening into two, prima d seeonda sera; and the first means that ople can come early and may not stay ry late. Lady Eva wished to see one or 'o persons this evening, and so resigned rself to spending a dull hour in a dull use where she hoped that they might e. ie looked charmingly pretty and.be as she embraced Honora before leav -and' the daughter felt a little ache of ntment at seeing that .the mother' i take so much trouble about her dress, her diamonds and her roses when she elf was left with such bitter thoughts, ome. '.. it they were not really hitter.. As ora sat by the open window under stars, the beauty of the still night -laid nameless peace upon her, and she v that she had come into her in tan ce, that either for* joy. or sorrow Ihood's. airs were left behind, and :eforth -her: life must move to - lordlier ic on a higher road. And so sacred this fair new love that she bowed her I on her hands and gave God thanks use it was the best of all that He had l her yet, because even its sorrow was ndreained-of joy, and - all- past joys led pale beside it. hen at last she rose and moved about room she carried high her head - with oyal - sweetness, like a maiden queen i from her grace of coronation. 