The Ways of the Pawnbrokers. The Unredeemed Pledge. AT A SALE OF JEWELLERY. A SKETCH OF SYDNEY LIFE. (FOR THE « CATHOLIC PRESS.') Soipio— no relation to Africanus— is a peripatetic philosopher, and although young is not such a bore as might be expected. His innocence — and it is this that saves him — embraces a magnificent belief in the laws as they are not adminis tered, and an overwhelming contempt for any bold to say that such are uo worse to ilimn Minn linrrllpn. Th in i;h\a aimniinihv nf character that endears him to my hoarfc, and when he stood no longer ago than yesterday, gazing earnestly at a blackboard outside an auctioneer's office I felt that the world was turned on for comedy, It was a Bimple board — quite aB simple as Soipio — and it drowsed in the sunshine with the 'careless- ness' of an alderman's dog. 'A thousand tales are written on that board,' 'said Scipio. 'Tales of hunger, misery, misfortune, dissipation and despair. There we may read tho chronicles of grief, catch the lilt of the tavern song, hear the ghost sighs of want, and the tapping of hammers on a oofflu. Tears and laughter, oaths and love songs, despairing moans and reoklean words make a mad medley thore. And tho sun still shines so sweetly.' He stopped with a sigh and blow his nose, whilst the crowd that had stopped a moment curiously, moved on again at this latest sign of sanity, No one has ever read of a lunatic using his handkerchief in a rational way. 'What is tho matter, Soipio?' I asked kindly. 'Read,' he oriod, tragedically, and pointed at) the board, It was a curt notice, written very badly with inferior ohalk : ? Sale of Unredeemed Pledges ? ? at 3 p.m. to-day . ? ' That is acoording to tho Act,' I said. 'Yes,' he answered enthusiastically, ' here tho law steps in and gives the poor wretohes that have allowed their tiokots to expire an opportunity of purchasing baok thoir own again. What a mother the law is to bo . sure I ever watchful over tho interests of her children, erring though they be.' ' Scipio, have you over attended one of these sales,' ' Hardly,' he answered, ' but I should like to. They must bo full of poetry — I oan almost see now tho poor widow with eager purse buying back that watch of her hvto huoband, pawned in those drear days that succeeded his funeral' j see tho chastened youth bidding for the little trinkets that were lovo tokens from his home when he Bet off to brave the world so earnestly—- trinkets that loft hiB hand whon bad companions had led his weitk foot off t'ho path he now treads ? again strongly j behold the drunkard, reformed and oloan, purchasing baok tho little house hold gods that once decorated tho small dove cote whon the eohoes of the wedding bolls still Bang in the land j giwo on the pathetic face — ' But hore I stayed him, Ho was getting altogether too young. 'Soipio,' i said, ' Wo will return at 3 p,m,' ' Yes, do,' ho answered, drenmily, 'The world is very beautiful to-day.' Tho loneliness had lifted from the auctioneer's establishment when -wo re turned. Tho roar of the Sydney streetB without and tho babel of unceasing voioes within, mot lileo rival tides - and fought furiously on tho threshold. The buyers wore aooomodated with Boats around the counter} at tho baok stood an ever shifting, ever stro tolling, over gaping mob, whoso curiosity seemed only leso than their time, Within' the barrier, like well fed sprites, leapt perspiring attendants, horw and thoro, oaBting jewellery tit the seated guests with Oriental bonovolonoe, Rings, 'watches, chains, bropohos, bangles, bracelets, ear \ ' rings, pendiints, oraBBCB, medals, silver and gold, glimmered in tho air like a fairy shower, But I did not fail to notice they passed from hand to hand along tho inner , oirolo, and as the sprites woro eager to dis tribute, bo they woro feverish to oolloot again, and one by one' tho gauds took flight from tho oouulioi; to a rostrum that overlooked all } and thore, in tho fat fingers of an oily gentle man 'with cold unwinking but albeit fishy eyes, were ultimately hotel alofb whilst ho hymod their virtues to tho multitude. ' This beautiful gold hunting lover,' he shouted, as wo thrust towards tho front ' is going, going, aotually going for 'twelve and sixpence, Twelve six, twelve six, last time, going, going,' Bang. 'Mr. Isaacson,' By Ills looks some of Mr, Isaac son's forefathers had footed ii) dry shod across tho Rod Sea, Ho did not ?i show any elation over his good for tune at obtaining a gold watch for twelve and six, but yawned in a tired manner as though watches were no more than oats scattered in the wind, whilst the whole inner circle quivered, too, with sympathetic weariness, and when their noses covered their lips again we discovered that the Red Sea had been also kind to their anoestors. ' Where are your widows and prodigals ?' I asked Soipio, He cast his pale blue eyes about the room, but they found nothing to his mind. The only widow present was weeping the tears of threepenny gin, and though there seemed a great congregation of prodigals, none looked exaotly repentant and few desirably clean. The respectably dressed people present looked so obviously ill at ease, that one could toll they had never stood under fire, an it were, in the outworks of a pawn shop. Vainly Scipio searched for Tragedy, whilst sly Comedy sat winking at bis short sightedness. At last his gaze fell on a young lady, whosevdress of effective contrasts, such as red and green with a relieving splash of yellow, was in a true sense attractive. She had very bright eyes, and very red cheeks, and very dark eyebrows, and in the gloom lior art looked very pretty, very effective, and remarkably real. 'There is one touohing story at least,' said Soipio, As I looked, the red lips opened, and a very decided voice said 'A tanner,' . 'Three six, i three six, three six,' chanted the auctioneer, holding up a ring that looked very much like gold and fine jewels, 'Her dead, mother's ring, no doubt,' muttered Soipio. 'Four, four, four, going at four,' said the auctioneer monotonously. 'I wonder who's the park?' asked the girl, addressing the company generally, and with' easy familiarity. ' Going, going—' ' Thruppence,' said the girl. 'Four three, four three, going, going.' Bang. And tho girl pulled out a worn purse as one of the, attendants came her way. She slipped the ring on her fingor and laughed, and then, as I am generally the re cipient of strangers' confidences, turned on mo with a pleased smile. ' That's tip-top,' she said, ' I was af eared I might miss it. I nodded sympathetically. ' But there's a power, o' difference 'twixt selling and buying ?' she went on, in hum orous vexation. 'When I popped they only give mo eighteen wing, and now I parted nearly a crown. . They're red hot, they are,' ' your mother's ring ?' murmured Soipio, She loQkod him up and down with evident joy. 'Oh, you ain't soft,' she tittered, ' oh, no, not at all. Why, my bloke give me this, and I spouted it to go to Mianly, and if he know I'd gone and clone it, 'e'd knock me head off. That's why I was so gallied.' I turned to comfort Soipio, Presently I began to notice a wonderful thing, The jewellery, tho gauds, and the various effoofcs that went under the hammor went marvellously ohonp to those bidders in the inner oirale. There seemed no compe tition ; the first bid was usually tho last} and things went for shillings that were un doubtedly worth pounds, And ever the morales of the Reel Sea presented a grave solemnity, and showed no' signs of wonder that gold should soil as droes, A gold watoh shone in tho auctioneer's hand— ib was noli so good as the one lihathad brought 12 shillings and sixponao, ' How muoh shall I say for this watoh?' he ariod porfunotorily, 'Twelve shillings,' said a thin little Jew» ? ' Five —five— five,' droned the auctioneer, 'Six,' said a voioe at my ear, and behold it was Saipio with covetous eyes, The thin little Jew brought him under hiB observation, tho charmed oirole turned their myriad eyes on him simultaneously, and the auotionoer showed some Interest. There wa« a pursuing of lips, a bonding' of brows, and shrugs of significance, 'Seven,' said the little Jew. ' A pound,' said Soipio, whispering that tho watoh was worbh it. 'Twcnty-ono,' said tho Jew. And so the war began, and heartily they bid until tho watoh was going at ;£2 10s — about its value — and here Soipio with, unusual discretion stopped. It was knocked down to the little Jew, whilst the oon gregated Hebrews glared at Soipio with mild malignanoo. 'Funny,' said Soipio. 'What?' I asked. 'That it should go so high whon the others went so low,' ' Not at all,' said I, 'Think nob,' said he. ' Certain,' I replied, and Soipio scratched his head, Ho (tried again presently, but eaoh time witnessed similar phenomena s whon he bid goods went high, whon silent they wont for a mere song. At last a ring was knocked down to him for a guinea, On receiving it ho discovered its value oould bo no more than 15 shillings, Remembering that a fat Jow had gone as high us .10 shillings for it, ho was astounded, 'Most extraordinary thing I over know,' ho said, An angular individual with a very greasy coat winked .across at me, whilst at the same time he nudged Scipio gravely, 'Those gentlemen,' ho said, indicating tho seated oirclo, 'of course are all perfect strangers to oaah othor,' , ? ' Are they, indeed,' oried Soipio, ' Weil, I hardly thought that j I believed one or two seemed as though they'd met before.' 'Oh, dear no,' snid the greasy man, .'they've just drifted in Hko mo and you,' and he gave an inexpressible wink, and oilily vanished into tho arowd, ' What does ho mean,' domanded Saipio, 'Simply, my young friend,' I Baid,draw ? ing him into tho street, ' that you have boon watching a legal steeplechase, Tho law pro vides that pawnbrokers shall dispose of their unredeemed pledges afbor a certain time, in open markob, and you havo witnessed tho groat blessings dhat flow therefrom,' ' Blessings ? ' ho questioned. 'Assuredly,' said I. 'Did youbohold that grave inner oirolo oil tho uhonon people. Thoy are pawnbrokers for the best part.. They have oorne to see justioo done and help a brother.' 'I wish you'd speak plainer,' said tfoipio, ' 'Every pawnbroker must have these sales aooording to the law,' said I, ' but would it bo just that the great profits of his calling bo diminished by tho outside vulgar stepping in and buying at low prioos jewel lory, that, by its nature, has a permanent price, That would be unfair, So, on these o6oasions, they gather to see their. friend through, and aid him to repurchase his own pledges at a price that will nob allow tho auctioneer inuoh commission, Of oourse, if tho public also bid, you havo an example of the way they faro. . Thoy must pay tho price, The auction over, tho pawnbroker returns homo again with his pledges—legally his own— and disposes of them as advan tageous opportunity offers,' ' You would say,' said Soipio, ' that tho auotion is purely a faroe, ana that tho Aofc does no practical good ?' ' Somothing to thab effect,' Soipio walked thoughtfully, 'Ah, you don't know tho law,' he said at length, 'suoh a thing oould never bo. Tho law is tho law, and it is good,' , i '' , And ho paused to admire the baskets of flowors that lino the stroots. Whon by earnestness ho haB put an end to ' vanity ana has climbed tho terraced hoights of wisdom, tho wise Jooks clown upon tho fools } Derono ho looks upon tho toiling orowd, as ono standing upon a Mil looks down on those who stand upon tho plain, I havo boon happy in my lifo,lvappy in my friendships, happy In my art } and tho only unhappinoss I have known, apart from those sorrows which wo all havo in oommon, is tho unhappinoHs of that spirit within ono which is for over haunted by tho discrepancy be tween tho choain, tho vision, and tho pos olblo, ami, thoi'oforo, far Iohh tho ideal, accomplishment. — Edward Unrno- JonoH. 