COMPLETE STORY. EFFICACY OF A LATCHKEY A. GOLDWDf. fCOPIEIGHT."! V* 5-- - A ^ sciousness of the pain of the wound inflioted, until thoy have-pro perly retaliated-on the offender. It blinds them completely to all extenuating: circum stances. Jror how can a man or woman, who has been mortally offended by the being: he or she most cares for in the world, pause to con sider possible palliations of the offence? Cissy Brentwood's engagement to Jack Clifford had certainly been the result of a very short acquaintance. But love, like photo graphy, may be instantaneous. They met in Devonshire (where Cissy's home was), when Jack was on u visit with some friends. Cissy felt she loved him at first sight, and Jack assured her he had experienced a similar effect. She was something of an heiress: while Jack, as a younger son, had only a trifling income. But b*o did not intend to Jive on his future wife's money; he was determined to do something, though what the something be he could not clearly define. "When Cissy liud accepted him there fol lowed a blissful fortnight, during which tfcev met every day as engaged lovers. Then Jack went back to London, where he was living with his widowed mother, who had a substan tial jointure; and, during a few more delight ful weeks, there ensued an active correspon dence between tbe engaged pair. But the trail of the never-absent serpent suddenly appeared in this Eden. Cissy was told, on the best authority, the ''most awful things" about Jack. She was assured that he did not love her in the least, and was merely attracted by her money; that he had said she had done her best to hook bim, and that her father bad asked him what his in tentions were, 60 that he (Jack) would willingly get out of the engagement now, 11 he could. " I thought it better to tell you the truth, darling," said her insidious friend, who wanted Jack for herself. 14 Ob, certainly," said Cissy, with a cold smile. " If he talked like that, it is better I should know it." "You won't giro him up?" 14 Of course I must, if he wants to get out of it," said Cissy, sustained by herpride. "You must not grieve, Cissy. He is un worthy of you." "Ob, no, it does not matter in the least 'Hen are deceivers ever,*" said Cissy, with a hard laugh. I hat night sue spent two hours composing a letter relea?ing Jack from his engagement to her. Five times .she wrote it before she ■was satisfied. Then she made a packet of Jack's letters and of the things he had given Iter; and the next morning she carried tb** packet herself to the village post office. It Wiis only when this final step was effected, and that she had to face a blank future, that ""iter pride failed her. Coming home, she locked herself in her room, and sobbed for hours. As soon as sbe recovered from this weakness, she rejected all sympathy and took refuge in cynicism—and cyuicinn at twenty is a very hitter thing indeed. Jack was in the drawing-room with his mother, after dinner, in her house in Eccleston square, when Cissy's packet was broutrbt to him. He stared blankly at her curt lines of dismissal. Then a thunderbolt fell on his happiness and wrecked it. He re-read Cissy's note: but its - blunt directness left no hope of the possibility of an explanation. So he, too, became cynical. It did not seem worth while speculating why pho had behaved like this. It was just a woman's caprice. She was false and fickle She had taken him in. He would see that no other woman ever again took him in, in the same way. Going to his mother's writing table, he dashed off a note, and sent it to be posted at once. 14Jack, what is the matter?" asked his mother, anxiously. "Nothing." said Jack. 14 You seem upset." 441 am not," he said. Then, opening the window, he went out on the balcony to escape her questioning. Presently he came in again, and flung himself in an armchair. " I have made up my mind to go to India," he told his mother. •4 To India, Jack? This is very sudden." 44 Jepson is going- out there, tea- planting. He ask ed ine to go with him. It's a chance. 1 hare wanted to do something for a good while, so I've written to him to say that I'll go." His mother became tearfuL She would be alone if he went. She did not want him to go. 44 Oh, Jack, it is 63 far away ! And the climate is dreadful." 44 Bother the climate ! I must go." 44 And your engagement, Jack?'* 44 It's off." «. Off ?" "Tes, off," he repeated irritably. "I mean broken off.*' Thus he left his mother, and went to his club. Three weak later Jack started for India with his friend Jepson. He was still very angiy with Cissy Brentwood. He tric-d to persuade himself that he did not care, that his love for her was dead, that he was better without her. But he felt, nil the while, that his life was blighted, and that his heart was yearning for her continually. The life in India had a beneficial effect on Jackduring the first three months after his arrival. He threw himself with zest into the tea-planting speculation, and dulled the thought of Cissy by tbe ardour with which ho deroted himself to tbe mode of existence he had now taken up. He and his friend Jepson lived together in a bungalow, and they both found the prospect of making a fortune by their own efforts very alluring. Jack felt that he was becoming quite a woman hiter. Jepson was one already, and he and Jack made up their minds they never would ; marry. ! "Women are the worst speculations in the ' world," Jepson averred, considering the sex from the same point of view as that from which he regarded the tea- growing, and finding the former very inferior to the latter. Tou never can tell how they may turn out." The two men certainly got on very well without feminine society, and Jarlc felt sure lie would never again want to return to the straints of Knglish life But the opinions of a gentleman of six and tweuty, who lias been crossed in love, are very unreliable. Jack fell ill: not seriously, hut sufficiently to be obliged to keep to his bed for some time. Though Jepson did his j be.-t for him. Jack's spirits >ai:k terribly low during this period of confin mer.t. He be came iutensely home- sick, and his yearning for Cissy Brentwood revived with all the ardour of a fire that has temporarily been kept under. He longed for some sign from her. He wanted to write to her. hut his pride re trained liim. He wondered if she ever thought of him. if she had transferred her fickle heart to someone else, if he should soon hear of her marriage. Then, when he grew extremely dismal, he would take a lugubrious pleasure in picturing his own death and buriaL in imagining the announcement of his demise in the home newspapers, and in fancying Cissy reudingit and shedding tears. But he would invariably grow angry with Cissy, ;uid think that she was too hard hearted to ciy, even if she heard of hia death. Jack recovered slowly. When he was nearly well, the attending medical man prescribed change of air. "Shall I go home?" asked Jack, on the spur 01 the moment. "To England? The very best thing you can do," said the medical man. " Stay a few months. When yon come back-here you will be more acclimatised." The doctor's approval quito induced Jack to decide on going home for a few months. His ! spirits rose, and he became very eager to start at once. But Jepson was thoroughly dis gusted. " What on earth do you want back in England, when you have been only out here six months?" asked .Jepson, testily. "It's the silliest thing I ha\ e heard of for a long time. And we were getting on so weli! " " Didn't you hear the doctor saying I want a change?" said Jack. " Bosh ! Tou can have a change without going so fur for it. I'm greatly disappointed in you, Jack." Jack felt as if he were in the wrong some- | how. Jepson had been .very kind to him dur iug his illness, but now lie could not resist the desire to go home. ! " There's the mater worrying me to come back." he said, deprccatingly. " You know in every letter she writes she begs me to come home." " Oh, you're longing for your mammy, are you?" said Jepson, disdainfully. "Good boy ! Go to her by all means 1" Jack vouchsafed no reply. " If you go," said Jepson, "you won't come back here ever again." "Yes, I will." ⅈ<l .Tack, very decidedly. I " I'll stay three mouths—not longer than ; that. Then I'll come back." "You're spoony on some girl at home," said Jepson, with sudden insight. " You uro going back after her." "No. I'm not," said Jack, iuaignantly. He felt quite sure his desire to return to England had no connection with any silly hop? of agaiu meeting Cissy Brentwood. He could not forgive her ; so what would be the uj-o of meeting her. even if shn wanted to meet hiin, which was improbable. Despite Jep&on;'s disapproval, Jack per sisted in his determination. He wrote to his mother, informing her of his intention of coming back to England for three months, but the letter was not sent Jepson. to whom he gave it. forgot to post it. Just when' Jack started, his mother wrote to tell him that her doctor had ordered her to the Riviera, and that she had left her house in Eccleston square. But Jack was in England when this lector was delivered in India. On arriving iu London. Jack remembered thut his mother, not knowing exactly when he was going to turn up. would not expect him this evening. He had intended to >end a telegram, but had forgotten it. However, he was glad he had forgotten it. He wanted to arrive quietly. He did not like being fussed over. His mother dined at eight; he would arrive just in time to dress for dinner. He found the atmosphere of X»ondon wonderfully exhilarating, and spent an hour walking along the familiar pavement. It was growing dusk and the 6treet lamps were lighting, as he arrived on foot at his mother's door. Mechanically, Jack felt in his pocket for his latch-key. It was there. He took it oat. and smiled as lie put it into too door. His mother would be in the drawing-room. He could fancy her saying, 44 Ob, Jack!" in a tone of utter astonishment when she would see him. Pre.-ently he was iu the hall. The house was very" still. Jack paused for a few moments to look round at all the well-known objects, and was puzzled by perceiving- a man's hat hanging on the stand. It was not one of his hats that be had left behind. It1 belonged to a larger head thau bis was. But I he did not waste time speculating who was its! owner, but went- softly upstairs. The drawing-room door was slightly ajar. Jack stopped to look iu before entering. The room was lit by a largo latnp covered by a bright shade. A cheerful tire blazed iu the grate. Someone—not his mother—was sitting in a low seat near the hearth. Jack's eyes dilated, and he restrained an inclination to rinstle. The person in the low seat had the form and face of Cissy Brentwood. Like one spellbound, he watched her for a tew seconds. Cissy was holding a photograph. Her face was bent over it. and she was looking at j it intently. Suddenly the seemed to be cr ing. Jack distinctly saw two tears falling ( the photograph. Then she raised it to her lips and kissed it pa&Jonuteiy.; Of course it was the photograph of the fellow slio was now in love with. Jack ex perienced a moment of iutense disgust. But the spell was broken, and he did not know whether to advance or to retire. Howe the next moment- Cissy looked towards htm. '•Jack'1' she exclaimed in a frightened tone. She started from her seat, and the photo graph fell i:u«c downwards on the hearthrug. Picking it up hastily, she put it, with its back upwards, on the chimney-piece, and Jack advanced towards her and faced her. 44Oh. Mr. Clifford," she said, with re covered self-possession, 441 thought you were a ghost—really I did!" 441 don't think I look very ghost-like,' said Jack, moodily. 44 You bare gee thin," said Cissy, with the least shade of concern iu her voic<*. 4'Do you think so?" said Jack, slightly propitiated. 44 No wonder 1 I have b-^en ill." 4 *Very ill?" 44Yes, very ill," said Jack, emphasising untruth. 441 very nearly died." *' I am sorry," said Cissy. 44 You are not." said Jack, growing moody again, as he remembered she had kissed the photograph. 441 hate polite lies." '•You are rude 1" said Cissy, hotly. 44 Only candid." said Jack, bitterly, and he looked away from her. They were silenc for a few moments, and were both so occupied with their personal emotions that they ucver thought of seeking to explain the situation. Cissy had decided months ago that the story she heard which hud caused her to break off the engagement was a cruel fabrication. She knew that Jack had reason to be very indignant with her. She felt it was her duty to humble herself to him. Making a valiant effort, she conquered her pride. 44 Jack!" she said, wistfully. '' I was ITr. Clifford just now," he k hardly. Bu1 she took no notice of the rebuff. She timidly laid her hand on hi* arm. 44 Jack, will you forgive me?" He misunderstood her. Her appeal only served to fire his resentment. 44 There is nothing to forgive," he said, drawing away from her touch. *• You did what was best." Deeply 5tuug, she drew hack, too, and sat j : down. ; 441 don't know why you have come," she | said haughtily. 441 have oeea in India. I was ordered home for a change, and have only just arrived. I did not expect to iiud you here." We only came here yesterday." Yesterday !" He looked round the room in bewilderment. It certainly was his mother's drawing-room, hut there was no trace of hor presence. Father has taken this house for the season," Cissy explained. 44 The lady it be longs to has gone ro Monte Carlo." 44 She's my mother," said Jack, suddenly enlightened. 441 aidu't know she was going abroad. I came in with my latch-key. I should never have intruded if I had known she wasn't here." He made a movement to go at ouce, but he did not want to go. Cissy put out her hand rcstrainingly, and then drew it hastily back. He turned towards the mantel-pic-ce. and toyed with the things that were on it. Mechanically he took up tho photograph he had seen her kissing, and was astonished to find that it was a photograph of himself at the age of fourteen. Cissy had fouud it in a drawer just before hb arrival. A thunder bolt had wrecked Jack's happiness. Now, with the rapidity of another electrical effect, it was restored. I have changed my mind," he said com placently, 4II will forgive you, Cissy." She looked at him with haughty amaze ment in her eyes. 4* I think you are very impertinent. I oti'r want your forgiveness. I don't care doti'r want your forgiveness, about it now." But Jack, fortified by the knowledge the photograph had revealed to him, did not mind her humour in the least. His heart joftcned completely us he remembered that in India he used to think she would not cty even if she heard of his death. And the poor little thing had actually cried over this scarecrow of a photograph. Women's tears, as a rule, are so plentiful as to be considered liirhtly enough by those who cause them to be shed : but those two tears Jack had seen falling on this image of himself at 14 w-re ox untold value to him. He laughed softly, aud showed her the photograph. Isn't must have 1 fire." loweu tivi fcue puuu.'Krapu. n't it beastly? What a little prig I have beeal It's only fit to put in the He hejil it towards J lie flames. "Don't!" said Cissy, forgetting lier dignity, and pulling it from bitn. "Do you like it?" " I think it is very like you. At least, it is just what I should Lire imagined you would bo as a boy." 411 should have thought you would not have taken the trouble to imagine." Cissy's eyelids fluttered, and she looked up at him. She, too, was beginning to fed happy. There was another pause, during which Jack whistled softly. 14 Then you dou't want me to forgive you?" he said, presently. 14 You were nasty, when I asked you just now." said Cissy, relenting. 44 Why did you break off with me, Cissy?" 44 X heard a story about you. I know now it was not true." He did not ask what the story was, he made no reproach, he bent over her, and looked masterfully in her eyes. "Nevermind! I do forgive you, Cissy. Tbu won't doubt me ajpain." Much to the surprise of Jepson, Jack returned to India at the end of the third mouth, and his wife went with him. 