Political Notes, Mr. Jr Stirling, of Ghlldors, announoeg himsolf as a candidate for fehe representation of tho Burrum electorate at the noxt oleo. tlon. Tho Street on Mr. Thomas G'assoy : " Most nooplo wondor how It is that Glassey. loader of tbo Labor party, is running somo oandi- dates— such as Bontley, Gross, and others — who havo no politiool morals. Well, tho reason is not hard to find Whon a man gets to the bead of an organisation he wishca to keep Ibore, and in order to keep there lie will UBo overy means in his power. Now it is a well- know fact that the Labor party will bo increased at tbo noxt elections; and it Is just as well known to those who are in tho inner circle that Glassey will honoeforth cease to bo tho leader of tho Labor party. Glassey haSTcoh a man who has aoted according to his beliefs, but ho Is unfit to bo lender of tho party,- He has no sense of strategy. Ho Is vain, and his vanity Is well-known by his enemies; and they, by a liberal use of butter, manage towheeaio him round to almost 'anything. In this respect Glassey is tho best friend the Government has. It is only necessary to siroko blm down the right way and ho will purr as well as the most domoetl- ontou puss. iiuuiiru iiiu unuiuuuy iu utu intellect and ho is your sworn frieod for lifo. Of course, 'this is a weakness that is found in many men ; but it is tbo predominating in fluence in Gl&ssoy;'s failuro qb loader of a demooratio-sooialistio party. ' Glassey wub tho admiration of the laboring olassos in for mer days— before tbo political Delilah shore off tho ioojja that gave him sir'eVigth. But from tbo timo of tbo disoovory of " bis weak ness by his onomlos, dates tho poriod of bis downfall as goneral of tho Labor party. To tho Labor party Glassey, as Icador, has boon and over will bo a calamity. After tbo next olcotlon whon Dawson or Tnrloy, or somo man of stamina is elected in his place, tbo'fifreot would not bo surprised if Glassey accepts a portfolio and becomes one of Dick son's own."' ' S. W, Broo'.o, who hns long had h(a oyq on tbo Moroton, thus spcakoth, and (k grcttt tyVuny electors are prepnrod to accept bis sontimcnt whon ho sayoth : " I roaliso that politics have come to this pass in Queensland— thoro aro but two parties, tho Labour party and all otbor parlies in ono, and I belong to ail tho Wlioro ia tho Labor Party's discipline ? Horo is what tho ohoson plobiskyto candidate for tho Cook, Mr Horan, says of tho editor of tho labor paper in that oloctoruto 11 To bim I say, tako my advloo, you hoous poaus nin compoop, and sling tbo gum-pot and scissors. Don't bo trying to pass yourself off as editor of tho ifca'ou bocauso you haven't brains enough to sell mousotrays to Gbinklos. Ban | the m|>n y.'ho would ho afraid of vour oppo sition 'would dlo :nt tho sight or a' deserted ghost In ' a graveyard, and would never bo oleotod to oven un honory position in a Joss- housio." Tho unsatisfactory stato of tho so-called Labour party is proof positive that thoy aro bringing about thoir own ruin. In (aot tbo most aouto man in tho party recently stated that ho felt certain that tho Qlokson party would carry tho next general oleotiona by' an tfvorwbclmwg majdrlty. Nor did. it matter vfcry muoU it U YfQi9 80, hceausQ iaUcn&l; i/. '? / dirraptlon aid want of confldotioA la several mombers' &ona; fides made it preferable to smash up tho'proacni Labour party and then bido thoir Loo until a ory wouldr-weld the dlsoraoieod' 'ragmonts add so eoouro the publio ci nfidonco. This appears somewhat Macliiavrlian.'Lut tho feature Is parmisanblo by L ibou ! adore, but detostablo If used by any othor body of polltloiaas.— Bee, 