News of the Churches. Mr. A. A. Huntley has been licensed as local lay reader in tho conventional district of St. George's, "Hurstville. The Anglican Bishop of Goulburn (Dr. Chalm- ers) visited Araluen last week, and on April 28 he administered the rite of confirmation. Dr. Doyle, the Bishop of Lismore and Grafton, has appointed the Very Rev. Abbe Schurr, of Ca- sino, to be the Vicar-General of that diocese. * The Rev. D. O'Donnell, the Wesleyan evangel- ist, has held a remarkably successful mission at Waverley, which concluded on Tuesday evening. Tlx© Truro Cathedral committee have accepted a tender of £34,000 to erect the nave and western tov.ers, as a memorial of the late Archbishop Ben- son. A portion of the Foundling Hospital at Waitara, which is conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, was consecrated by Cardinal Moran on Sunday after- noon. Dr. Byrne, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Bath- urst, is continuing his tour through the diocese, and on Sunday preached at St. Patrick's Church, Wellington. ... * The diocesan conference of the Roman Catholic clergy, held in Sydney last week, was attended by between eighty and ninety parish priests, the Car- dinal presiding.. A branch of the Protestant Church of England Union has been established last week in St. Luke's parish, Burwood, commencing with thirty-three enrolled members. The Rev. George Brown, late of St. Stephen's, Penrith, was inducted by the Archbishop of Syd- ney to the charge of St. David's, Surry Hills, Syd- ney, on Sunday morning last. The induction of the Rev. J. G. Fenton to the parish of St. Peters, Cook's River-road, by his Grace the Archbishop was announced to take place on Wednesday evening at 7.30. On Thursday, April 27, the Archbishop of Syd- ney entertained the choir of St. Andrew's Cathe- dral at Bishopscourt, Randwick, when a cricket match was played during the afternoon. The Revs. W. I. Carr Smith and Percy W. Wise conducted a mission last week in connec- tion with St. Saviour's Cathedral district, Goul- burn, special services being held each day. Great preparations are being made by the exe- cutive committee of the Wesleyan Century Fund Inaugural Demonstration, which is to take place in the Sydney Town Hall on Whit Monday. - \ A member of Dr. Alexander Whyte's church, Ed- inburgh, gave £1000 to the sustentation found, as a token of goodwill towards the proposed union cf the Free with the United Presbyterian Church. The scheme of Presbyterian union recently adopted by the Presbyterian Federal Assembly in Sydney was to be brought before the Victorian Commission of the Presbyterian Assembly on Wednesday. The Rev. F. Swain Wigfield, who has heen offi- ciating at St. Andrew's Cathedral and elsewhere in Sydney for some months, is returning to Eng- land, and bids farewell to his friends at an "at home" oh May 3. The Rev. J. A. Soper held,service on Sunday week in the Academy of Music, Ballarat, and ef- forts are being made to retain him in that city, one gentleman having offered £500 if a new church be erected. Early in March St. Alban's Anglican Church, Holborn, London, had a very narrrw.escape from' destruction by fire, and on Sunday, -March 12, a special "Te Deum" was. sung as.a thanksgiving by the congregation. The Archbishop of Sydney visited Chatswood last week for the purpose of inspecting the sites available for a new church and -school buildings, and an area near the railway station, in a central position, was finally selected. The Passion play., as performed by the Catholic villagers of the Ober Ammergau, was announced to be reproduced on Wednesday evening in the Cardinal's Hall, Sydney, the proceeds being de- voted to St. Mary's Cathedral funds. The president of the English, Wesleyan Confer-^ ence, the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, M.A., was suf- fering from an attack ;of-rheumatic inflammation, about the middle of March; and had been compil- ed to cancel a number of engagements. On Sunday week Miss. Queenie M'Grath and Miss Katie Colls, both of Bungendore, were re- ceived at the.local convent".as postuiants into the Order of St. Joseph. They will be known in re- ligion as Sisters Antoninus and Dionysius. An overture addressed to the Presbyterian Gen 'eral Assembly, relating to tho establishment of u Presbyterian Orphan Association, was laid on the ' table at the last meeting of thc Sydney Presby tery, but no discussion thereon took.place. . An ordination at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, was held on Monday, when the Rev. John Meagh er, of St. Patrick's .College, Manly, was ordained to the priesthood hy the Cardinal-Archbishop. The Rev. Edward Hargrave, of. Castle Hill, has been presented to the Archbishop of Sydney by the board of nominators to fill the vacancy of St. Stephens, Penrith, vacant through the removal of the Rev, George Brown to St. David's, Sydney. » The Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, Dr. Green, requested that the money obtained by raffling at the recent bazaar, held in Armidale, on behalf of the Cathedral Organ Fund, should be deducted from the proceeds and rejected by the church au- thorities. Earl Nelson, who presided at the thirty-third an- nual meeting of the Incorporated, Free, and Open Church Association, in the Church House, London, reported that during the year twenty-four old churches, and fifty-nine new' churches, have been made "free." The 103rd conference of the Methodist New Con- nexion,, which meets early in June, will be held in Manchester this year, where it has assembled nine times previously, the last time being in 1885. The. conference is to be held in the Central Hall, Oldham-street. The Rev. W. Carey, the great-grandson of the famous Indian missionary, describes the Christian Endeavor movement in Bengal, in a recent num- ber-of the "Christian World," and speaks in very favorable terms of its influence both in Hindu and Mohammedan homes. A new vestry is to be erected in connection with the Roman Catholic Church at Quirindi. Bishop Tofreglani, at a recent meeting of the building committee, said that the Quirindi people had ac- complished more during tho last four years than any part of his diocese. Commandant Booth, Commissioner Pollard; and a youth had a narrow escape last week through the bolting of their horse. As it was, all were thrown out of the vehicle, which was being driven down Rathven-street, Carlton, Vic, and Commis- sioner Pollard's ankle^was broken. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Maitland, Dr. Murray, who has been paying a visit to several parts of his own diocese recently, came on last week to Sydney, where he was the guest of Bishop Higgins for some days, after which he proceeded to Goulburn, to visit the venerable prelate, Dr. Lanigan. The Ninth British Christian Endeavor. Conven- tion is to be" held in the city of Belfast, Ireland, at Whitsuntide. It is expected that a large number of delegates from England, Scotland, and Wales will be present to represent the 5000^ societies ex- isting there. The convention opens on May 24, and continues for four days. \- Dr. John Watson (Ian Maclaren), replying to an address of welcome in America, spoke of "the cri- sis in the Church of England." The question, he said, whether that church was Protestant pr Roman, had to be answered again.*' The High Church party "were forcing the issue, and some day it might be necessary to disestablish ..the church. - ' * It has been resolved by the Sydney Ministers' Prayer Union to hold under their auspices a fif- teen hours' prayer meeting on the Queen's Birth- day in the Centenary Hall, commencing at 7 a.m. and ending at midnight. There will be a new leader each hour, and every leader will give a brief address. The reports prepared for presentation to the sy- nod of the Presbyterian Church of England, show a total membership throughout the '* church of 73,239, an increase of 1795 from the year 1898. The income amounts to £278,000, being £8000 in advance of the previous year. The congregation now number 315, which is. also a small increase on those of 1897. General Booth's series of meetings in Melbourne came to a close on Monday evening in the Exhibi- tion, when the chair was taken by Sir John Mad- den. The building was crowded, and the Gene- ral's speech was received with great enthusiasm by the audience. On Tuesday the General was to leave for Tasmania. On Sunday last Dr. Chalmers, Bishop of Goul- burn, preached at Braidwood morning and even- ing, and held a confirmation service, when thirty six candidates were presented. On Tuesday the corner stone of the church tower was to be laid by Mr. Robert Maddrell, he defraying the cost (£1500), the Bishop presiding at the ceremony.. Mr. Thomas Pratt, the agent of the London Missionary Society in Australasia, and the Rev. Dr. George Brown, general secretary of the Wes- leyan Missionary Society, have each replied effec- tively through the daily press to the charge of Mr. Michael Davitt, M;P. for South Mayo, against the L.M.S. in connection with the war in Samoa. The Rev. E. H. Ellis, of North Adelaide, was to leave for Perth (W.A.) on April 29 by'the German mail steamer Karlsruhe, to attend as president of the South Australian Baptist Union the opening , of . a new Baptist Church in Perth.. The pastor of the new church was trained at the Eáptist COIH lege in Adelaide, and is also a South Australian by birth. v, / ' - ' - ; According to a cablegram from London, dated April 24, Lord and Lady Brampton (who both joined the Roman Catholic Church some time ago, and aré now on a visit to Italy) have been granted an audience by the Pope, when his Holi- ness referred in warm terms to his love for Eng- land, and expressed his delight at the progress of Catholicism in Great Britain. Dr. Fairbairn, the principal of Mansfield Col- lege, Oxford, who has been lecturing in India, ar- rived at Plymouth by the Himalaya on March 10\. ., The doctor has returned full of interest in the multifarious problems of India, and in none less than the difficult and intricate questions of Christian missions.- He is to speak at the annual meeting of the L.M.S. in May. The Archbishop of Sydney, accompanied by his chaplain, the Rev. Richard Griffiths, and the Rev. William Hough, paid a visit to the Randwick Asylum for Destitute Children on April 26, and before leaving his Grace recorded his pleasure at the cleanliness, gcod order, and completeness of the arrangements which he saw, and thc provision for th£ children's instruction and comfort. v: The Rev. F. B. Boyce, of St. Paul's, Redfern, who is now in_ ISngland, was appointed special preacher at the anniversary of the Scottish Tem- perance League, which, was held in Glasgow, in April. The attendance at these services in pre- vious yeai*3 has been very large, some of the'great ' preachers of England having occupied the pulpit, such as Canon Wilberforce, Canon Leigh, Canon Barker, the Bishop of Glasgow, and others. The annual "meeting of the parishioners of Christ Church Cathedral, Grafton, was held on April 25, Archdeacon Moxon presiding. The in- come for the year was stated to have been £1100, the offertory system recently introduced proving satisfactory. During the year the Archdeacon has visited nearly every district in the Archdea- conry, In doing which he has travelled 5162 miles. The Cathedral Council was elected at the above meeting, also the Synod representatives. The anniversary of the Summer Hill Congre- gational Church (of which the Rev. W. J. Li. Closs, B.A., the Chairman-elect of the Congre- gational Union .of New South Wales, is pastor) was celebrated on April 25, and proved highly successful. Tho report read was of a most satis- factory character, the various church organisa- tions being in good condition. Twenty-nine new members have been added to the church, and during the year £918 have been received for various church purposes. Tho "Rev. John M'Neill, the Scotch evangelist, ?who visited Australia some years ago, has been on a visit to the Highlands, where the singing aroused ,him, though it was "sad and slow." He is reported to have sometimes looked over the pul- pit and wondered that David did not come and take" away his psalms from them for the way they sang them. If David did hear them he would say, "What does it all mean? I never dreamt of per- petrating such groaning, moaning things as that." "He sang them himself with a throb and a shout." The public engagements of the Archbishop of Sydney, as announced, for .the past week have been as follow:-Sunday; ll a.m., the induction of the Rev. G. Brown, at St. David's, Surry Hills"; 7 p.m., St. Nicholas's, Coogee; on Monday evening a thanksgiving service in connection with the Church Missionary Society; Tuesday, 3 p.m., St. John's, Ashfield; Wednesday, 7.30 p.m., the in- duction of the Rev. J. G. Fenton, St. Peter's, Cook's River-road; and on Saturday (this day), at 3 p.m., the laying of the foundation-stone jof a new church at Miranda. The National Free Church Council meetings j were being held in Liverpool when our last mails j left England. Twelve hundred delegates from different parts of England were present. The opening sermon on "The Crisis in the Church,", I was preached by the Rev. Dr. Clifford, who took foi- his text, Jeremiah 31: 10, ll. The sermon was an arousing one, and the address by the pre- sident, the Rev. Dr. Mackennal, on "Our Crown- ing Work," was equally good. Some of the spe- cial topics discussed by the council were, "Non- conformists and Education," "Nonconformity in the Army and Navy," "Modern Sacerdotalism," "The Free Church Faith," "The "Crisis in the Church," and "The Report on Federation." It was resolved to hold the next annual session in Sheffield. A cablegram dated London, April 2lj, stated that an important meeking, including many members of the House of Commons, in addition to mem- bers of the Evangelical, Broad, Moderate, and Low Churches, has been .held under the presi- dency of the Bishop of Hereford to protest against ritualism in the Church of England1. Sir Edward G. Clarke, Q.C., M.P. for Plymouth, declared that there were no historical grounds for questioning the authority of the Privy Council with regard to ecclesiastical matters. Resolutions were adopted proclaiming that . the . presence of the. Lord at the administration of the sacrament was to be taken in a purely spiritual sense, condemn- ing the use of the confessional in the Church of England, and upholding the jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical» Courts. - The annual festival of the Sydney' Y.M.C.A., and the celebration of-the twenty-first anniver- sary of the appointment of Mr. David "Walker as the general secretary of the association, took" place on the evening of April 25, when the large hall was filled by members, and the numerous friends of the popular secretary. . Slr James R. Fairfax, the president, occupied the chair, and speeches were delivered by the Bishop of Graf- ton and Armidale, . the: Rev. John Walker, and Mr.- John Kent. The chairman made special re- ference to the work of Mr. Walker, and the great blessing which he had been made to thousands of young men, during the twenty-one years he had been the general secretary. During the even- ing a special collection was taken up for the re- duction of the mortgage, the result being £550, but of this the president contributed £500. On Sunday the new pulpit given to SS. Simon and Jude's Church, Bowral, hy Mr. T. H. Keig win, was dedicated for use by the Rev. Willoughby Flower, M.A., of St. Mark's, Darling Point. After the Nicene Creed, Mr. Flower and" the rector pro- ceeded to the foot of the pulpit, the congregation reverently standing, and Mr. Flower, after read- ing an appropriate collect, sanctioned by the Arch- bishop, placed his hand upon the pulpit, and said: "To the glory and the advancement of the Gosbel of Christ among men, I hereby dedicate thisNpul ' pit for the perpetual preaching therefrom' of God's Holy Word. In the name of the Father and of . the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." After the singing of a suitable hymn, Mr. Flower preach- ed an eloquent sermon, taking as his text, "Set for the defence of the Gospel."-Phil, i., 16. The fifteenth anniversary of the Central Metho- dist Mission, Sydney, was commenced on April 23, when preparatory sermons were preached to very large congregations by the Rev. W. G. Taylor, the superintendent. On Monday äfternoon the Rev.. ) Dr. Porter conducted a "Bible Study," and on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at.3 p.m. each day, the Rev. Thomas Charnpness, of London, gave "Bible Talks;" also each evening at -8 p.m. April 30 (anniversary Sunday) the Rev. T. Charnpness preached morning and even- ing, and at 3 p.m. addressed a "monster religious demonstration" in the ToWn Hall, the Revs. W. M. Dill-Macky, W. G. Taylor, and E. Hutchinson also taking part. The anniversary festival was to take place on Tuesday, but too late for report in this issue. The visit of Mr. Charnpness has been the special feature of the anniversary, and will long be remembered with pleasure and pro- fit.. ? -* - r" - -5 