8HADDECK LIGHT. BY MRS MAY ACNES FLEMING. Author of "The Star of De Vere," '"Wed, Yet No Wife," "Lord Rory," "A. Woman's Hand." "A Wonderful' Woman." "Norine," &c.;, &c.; PART IL CHAPTER XIII.-(Continued.) He wears. no whiskers or beard, a heavy lark moustache alone shades his mouth, but does not conceal its fine, determined conteur, nor the shapely, well-rounded Obstinate chin. A man whose reputation is not lightly to be trifled with; a man iot to be too quickly or easily accused; a man who knows how to defend his own bonor and good name; or the mouth and chin, those dark, determined eyes belie him, Dr Vanderhoff goes, and the ser Vants are examined. Have any of there seen tramps or suspicious characters lurk ing about Iately?-and then it comes out that the stable-boy has. Johnny, the sta ble boy, appears, looking frightened. and Irresolute. He stammers a great deal, and what he has to say is not easily got at.. Got at, however, it amounts to this at seven on the morning of the death he saw a man coming out of the summer bouse in the grounds, and hurrying away towards the gates. Did he know the man? No, Johnny does not .know him, but .snore frightened than before-he . breaks .Innk ools ckance at Colonel French. u"'Twas him!" Johnny says, with a burst, Then there was a thrill, and a hard drawn breathuand a sensation through the crowd, if youi like. And in the midst of it Colonel Ffrench rises, as calm`as he i s wont to be when he leads his men to the hottest of the fight, but perhaps a trifle more pale. "The lad is quite right," he says. `'I left the summer-house about sever on .that morning." "You are not obliged, Colonel Ffrench" -begins the Coroner, nervously, but Colonel Ffrench goes quietly on;' "I had been here about ten the preced SIng night. Private business, concerning only myself and Miss Martinez, brought ae. It was not necessary to disturb Mrs Fanshawe by my presence, so I did not s ee her. I remained conversing with Miss Martinez over half an hour. Then I left. It was raining heavily, and blowing a Sgale. I did not care about facing the two * mile walk to St. Ann's in the teeth of the storm, and knowing the place well, I went to the summer-house. I sat there for some hours, but the storm did not abate, Sand finally I fell asleep. I left as soon as I woke. about seven, and so missed the ifrst train to New York, which I intend ed to take." There is silence-extremely awkward \- silence. Dr. Hunter, the coroier, has never felt so embarrassed and nonplussed in his life. It has an ugly look, a devil ish ugly look. he thinks, for the colonel. WVhat the deuce made him stay in the * summer house? Confound the summer house, and confound Johnny's prying eyes. He gives that youngster a savage Sglance that makes him quake. There is not much more to be done. The whole thing is hasty and informal, the jury feel as uncomfortable as the coroner,- - and Sabout noon a verdict in "accordance with Sthe facts" is returned. Mrs Fanshawe has died of heart disease, induced by the shock of the robbery, committed by * some person or persons unknown. The detectives down from New York fookl at one another and grin. Men ex thange looks and shrug their shoulders, Scoroner and jury loolk unspeakably re Sfieve-, and depart with stolid faces. They * have done their duty, now let the detec tives find out the robber if they can. The * throng disperses, and Colonel Ffrench follows, amazingly erect and upright, cooland unflinching for a suspected criminal. That evening brings MIr Dane Fan shawe, pale, breathless, horror-stricken, Vera looks at him in honest surprise, as " she sees the grief, the real regret In his face, and softens to him ever so little. , -After all, perhaps, some men cannot help being half fool, half knave-it seems born wifth them-and he has reason to be sorry for he has killed the goose that laid the golden eggs. Vera - cannot refrain from telling him so. "All that will not bring her back," she " says, with a touch of scorn. "If you had Sbeen here it need never have happened. sayit is your doing as much as'the bur glar's," "But, good Heaven! Vera, how could I tell?" He is so pale, so piteous, so tremu busas hesay it, thatushearelents. "I did not think-hlowf could anyone ever think-it would come to this?' "She showed me your telegram!" Vera exclaims, here eyes flashing, "From first t to last, Dane Fanshawe, you have acted towards her like a brute, and. oh, my \- oor little Dot, she was fond of you!" He lays his face on the manteIsheif wseithagoah He is actually crying, the \- r enk, poor creature; but it is more than 'Vera, than anyone would have given him Credit for. "I. would give my life, so hear me, teaven," he says, "to bring her back," Perhaps at the moment he meaus it. She sighs drearily, and lay-s her tired bead down upon the coffin. "BringF her backi!" she repeats, with \- asob; "bring- her back! Oh, Dora, my lear, my dear!" She has not wept much, but some subtle chord is touched every non' and \- then, and a rain of tears follows, She cries now silently and long. "My dear little love! my dear little love!" she re peats, over and over. Never once has one unkind or harsh word fallen from IDora's lips to her. Dora has loved her, cared for her, made sacrifices for her, and in Dora's dying hour, in her despe aate death struggle-, she was not there -to save or help, Richard Ffrench comes, and she lifts two streaming eyes for one moment in appeal to his face. "You are all I have-do not leave me!" that glance says, if he could but read it, He takes his place near her in silence, but a silence that is full of sympathy, -and'that soothes her. It is good to have Khximnhere-it is a comfort, ;L protection, \- omething to cling to her in her great and sudden shipwreck. Tile funeral is to be next day, and the concourse will be unprecedented. The whole country side means to turn out in sombre force. Friends come down from the city-no such funeral has ever taken place in St. Ann's.. Many persons pass In and out of the room of death,. Vera Is there constantly worn and wan to a degree. Once, as she sits at her dreary and solltu'y post, a small, common tooking man comes up to her, and 'nakes an awkward bow. "Ask pardon, miss,"- he says, in an apologetic, guarded undertone. 'T'm \- Iagg6it:" - Vera stares blankly. "Daggit, miss," repeats the small man, in a whisper, "of the detective force private. Employed by your sister Dartly-lately deceased. Down here on ay own hook in this unpleasant busi zress. WVould you mind telling me, miss, who that nice-looking, lady-like young gentleman is?" Ele points straight at Dane Fanshawe. "Him, miss, with the wipe-ask par 'idon, the handkerchief-tup to his face. We's her husband, ain't he. miss"' "Yes." she says, mechanically, "it is SMr Fanshawe." Mr Daggit's light eyes seem to bore 'tfwo holes through Mr Fanshawe's an fttomy on the spot. \- "Thanky, miss, Yes, I knowed it was. slot on good terms, was they, miss-him eJad the deceased party? - ,Speak up, zmiss, if. you ploase. I've tackled this !ohbr on my own hook, and mean to see kY light" "No, not on good terms," answers ita, still half-bewildered as to his fzritt "Hard-up, wasn't.he, miss? Running after a play-actor-ask pardon for nam ing her. .They're expensive, that lot uncommon! Deceased party-ask par don, lady- wouldn't pay his debts? Hem-m!" MIr Daggit bores another hole through Mr Fanshawe, and passes his hand mus ingly over his mouth. "Was in Philadelphia at the time, wasn't he?" "In Philadelphia." "'Only saw it in the 'Herald' by chance -rum start that, for a man! The Coroner's got the hair?" he says, s abruptly, that Vera stares at him one more. "Yes," she says, wonderingly, The light eyes are on Mr .Dane Fan shawe's Dundreary whiskers, asi counting every separate hair. "Hum-m!" he muses again. " And that tall gent, with the broad shoulder and his head up, is ie heir?-him, a suspect?" "I don't know what you mean," Ver says, shrinking from him in sudden ter ror. "I don't know who you are." "Ask pardon, miss, for troubling you TWon't ask any more questions. I'm Daggit, miss, as your sister employed to look up that precious husband of hers and that singing hussy-ask pardon And I have looked him up, and I mea to keep on looking him up, and see day light, if I'm shot for it!" That is the last of Mr Daggit. Vera sees him no more, and forgets him in moment. For the metallic case enclose the rosewood coffin-she is taking he ;ast look at the dead face, her last kis of the dead lips, the last farewell of th sister she loves. This side of eternity, they will meet no more. "'Oh, my love! my love!" sh cries out, wildly, struck with sud den horror and panic. Some one comes at that frightened, helpless cry, and puts his arms about her before them all, and holds her. "Vera, my own love," says a voice she knows well. "Vera, my dear, my dear!" And she clings to him and hides her face on. his shoulder, quivering all over, while the coffin is screwed down, and the dead woman taken away. In these sublimated moments we forget our selves and the world outside of us, bu 'never for long. He lets her go, consign Ing her to the care of Harriet, who look on, tearful, but approving, and goe with the rest, And Mrs Grundy does no say much-considering .she has know' him so long, and been always attachec to him, and the occasion, and every thing, And he is a splendid fellow, th ladies declare, in an irrelevant burst. Oz the whole, some of them would not min it themselves. They lay Theodora Lightwood Fan shawe in the Charlton vault, wher John and Robert Charlton already lie and leave her. She is dead and buried The interest centres in Colonel Ffrench now. Things look badly for him-very badly. Murmurs are rising, swelling growing louder. He is the heir, th only one to benefit by her death. H was there that night-no one know why, he spent it in the grounds, oy his own showing. He and Mrs. Fanshawe were not good friends-It looks badly. If he was poor inan he would not be let off scot free in this way; he would not be a large with the cloud of robbery ant sudden death upon him. The rumo grows louder and more threatening, an' reaches Charlton. It reaches Harriet and Harriet carries it to Vera. The en will be that Colonel Ffrench, before a week, will lie in prison. Two days have passed since the fun eral; it is the afternoon of the third: Colonel Ffrench sits in his -oom alone at the St. Ann's Hotel. No pub lic demonstration has yet been made but no one sees the gathering storm more clearly than he. He is strongli suspected, he cannot clear himself; be fore another day a warrant may be ou for his arrest; he may be lodged in th town gaol. The first shock Is over, and he has braced himself to face his fate to meet the blow. What must be, must be-he is a fatalist, more or less-if it is written, It is written. Of course, he will do what he can, but the prospect looks gloomy. He must resign his com mission, inform his friends, put, his af fairs in order, leave Charlton Place In the care of the lawyers and of Vera. and fight for what is dearer to him than life -his honor. Will Vera believe him guilty? That thought is the hardest to bear of all. . It is a gusty, overcast evening, almost the last-of the month. Aflre burns in the grate, the last yellow glimmer of the frosty autumn sunshine steals in and lights his writing-table. He is bus ily writing letters, making most of th dying daylight, when there is a tap a the door. "Come in," he says, -without lookin up. Some one comes in, and stands silent some of the hotel pooDle, of course. "What is it?" he asks, without turn ing round. There is a rustle of woman's garments SHe turns quickly; a long, black, veiled figure stands before him-a ghost in crape and bombazine. But, despite the heavy crape veil, he knows her. S"Vera!" he says, and rises in vast Samaze. She throws back her veil and lays hold of the table, as if she needed sup port. She is paler than he has ever seen her-pale to the lips-and her eyes I shrink and fall before his. ','Sit down," he says, and places a 1 chair; "how ill you look! You are not I fit to stand." She stands, however, and makes a motion to speak. She is greatly, strongly I agitated, that he can see. ' Once, twice, Sshe essays before the words will come. r "I have heard-that you are-suspect ed of-of what' has been done. I have Scome to say that-that I am sorry." SIt is with the utmost difficulty she says this much. Some inward feeling moves her profoundly. But his whol face lights. "Thaik Heaven!" he says; "it is like you. You do not believe it-you wil Snot blelieve it. Say that!" "I do not-I will not-I never can." "Thank Heaven!" he says, deeply moved.' "It is like you-it is like you. I do not care half so much now. I am innocent, Vera; need I say it? When I left you I went straight to the sum mer-house-I was nearer you there than elsewhere. It was for the last time, and I stayed. Believe me guiltless, and it will matter little who believes me guilty. Men have suffered unjustly before-I can bear it as well as they." She makes a second effort, greater Sthan the first. He wonders what it is t she is going to say. I "I want to tell you-I have come to tell you-that if"-a pause-"that if the ar. nouncement of our marriage will help you, I will announce it. I-I will stay with you-I will be your wife." The last word is a positive gasp. No words can tell the effort it costs her to Ssay this. She turns from him as she doe say it. and walks suddenly to one of the windows. It is not alone the offer itself, hard as it is to make-it is the construction he may put upon it. As the sister of the rich Mrs Fanshawe only a week ago, she rejected with scorn and pride the offer of being his wife. As the impoverished sister of the dead Mrs Fanshawe, she comes to him - the heir-and renews the offer herself. How hard she has found it to come-to say this-only Vera's proud and sensitive heart can ever know. Let him mis understand if he will-it is all a mis understanding, from first to last. She will make it if she dies in the effort to say the words. But he does not mis understand. he is unutterably touched moved to the very depths of his soul. "What shall I say?' he answers. brokenly. "I cannot thank you; I have no words. It is like you-I say that again-to come to me in the darkest hour of my life, and offer me the sacri fice of yours. But I cannot accept it The name I give you must he a clean one, the hand I offer free from all sus picion of crime. I would, indeed, be a dastard If I accepted your heroism to help myself. I would not accept it if it could help me-but it cannot. Noth ing now but the discovery of the real criminal can do that. For all the world I would not have it known that you are my wife now-the wife of a suspected thief. No, Vera. I love you with all my heart-a hundredfold better in this hour than ever before. And for that very love's sake I say no. If the day eve comes when I stand clear and free, I will come to you then, and" But she turns from the window as hastily as she has turned to it. and pulls her veil once more over her face. "Say no more!" she exclaims. "Let me go. It is so warm here - I am faint" - The words die away; but she rallies in a moment and pushes aside the hind he holds cut. "I am better-let' me go." Something in her strained, unnatural tone checks the words he would speak. He goes down with her to the door, where Johnny and the phaeton wait. He helps her in, but she seems t shrink from his touch. "Good-bye," she says. "Drive fast, Johnny; it is nearly dark." "Not good-bye," he answers, cheerily; "good night. I will see you early.to morrow. I have much to say." "Drive -fast, Johnny," is her sole re ply. She shivers and draws her wrap closer'about her. How dark it growis, how windy it is, how deathly chill! He stands in the doorway until she is out of sight, then slowly and thought fully returns to his work with a new. glad hope stirring within him that all his gloomy prospects cannot darken And Vera is driven rapidly home through the gusty gloaming, and ascends to her room. How still the house is-how empty, how lonely! How empty is the whole world! Every one seems to have died with Dot-life has come to an end. It is like :a tomb like the vault where they have laid her, these echoing, unoccupied rooms. Ts it a sin to wish she were dead. too? What in all the weary world is there left to live for? She is tired out, her head aches-or is it her heart? She feels numb and stricken, lost, forsaken, and full of pain. "Oh, me! oh, me!" she says, pitifully. and lays her folded arms down on the table, and her face upon them, with a long, sobbing sigh. The wind cries like a banshee about the gables. the trees rattle, stripped bleak arms; the night falls cold and starless. And still Vera lies there long after the last light has faded, her head on her arms, as if she never cared to lift it again. CHAPTER'XIV.-TRACKED. It was not quite ten the following morn ing when Colonel Ffrench presents him Sself at Charlton. Harriet is the first r person he encounters, and Harriet is struck by the bright eagerness of his face, the happy gladness of his smile. He is more like the Captain Dick of six years ago than she has seen him yet, but for Ssome reason the change strikes her as out of place, and she frowns it down resent r fully. "'Where Is Miss Vera?" he asks. "Just 'tell her I am here, Harriet, will you, and particularly desire to see her." Harriet's brow lowers a'little more, and she does not stir. He looks at her in sur prise. "Is she not up?" he asks. Harriet does not answer. "Surely," he says, and comes suddenly nearer-"surely she is not ill?" Still Miss Hart maintains a gloomy silence. In real alarm he speaks for the third time: '"For Heaven's sake. Harriet. what is 1 the matter? 'Why don't you speak? I wish to see my--my wife. Where is she?" Harriet's sealed lips slowly and grimly unclose. She may answer now-her dis mal reticence has effectually banished t all the buoyancy from her visitor's look t and manner. e "Ay," she says, "where is she?-that is t what I would like to know. Your wife! You've'come to it at last, have you? It's time, too, after six years." n "What do you mean?" a "I mean that Miss Vera's gone-gone e -went away this morning, at half-past a six. Johnny drove:her to the. station,' t and where she's went, or what she's goin' to do, the Lord knows-I don't" t He falls back a step-the surprise, tihe a blow, literally holds him dumb. f"She's left a'most all her things-her a'fine dresses, heaps and heaps of 'em up Sstairs, and took nothin' but her mournin'. All her jewels and that she sent to the bank yesterday. Ohe trunk's all she's .fetched, and not the biggest. nuther. You needn't ask me questions-I don't know nuthin'. She's gone up to York first she's friends, there, I reckon-more'n she's got here, from all I can see." Harriet shoots this Parthian shaft at the culprit, standing pale, and startled. j and silent before her with a baleful d glance. It is not that she likes Captain n Dick less, but that she likes Miss Vera more. e "She's goin' to look for work when she gets settled in her mind," she goes on; it "that's all I know, if you was to stand starin' at me there till crack o' doom. She 's went to see you yes'day afternoon-if \- you'd cared to know, you'd orter asked tr her then. She'd no money, as you might tsa a-knowed now her sister's gone, poor thing, and you've got all. I never did a think much o' men folks at no time," said >t Harriet, bitterly; ""and the more .I see; the less I think." a With which she goes. Nothing more is y to be got from her; no note, no message s, has been left. He hunts up Johnny, who corroborates the housekeeper's story. He :- has driven Mias Vera to the station and 'e seen her enter the train, her trunk check ed and her ticket taken for New. York, e Beyond that he has nothing to tell. g The difference half an hour can make in a life! Colonel Ffrench walked over the road to Charlton, every pulse beating 'e high with hope and expectation, full of I intense longing to see Vera again; he walks over the road from Charlton full of consternation, regret, keen disappoint y ment and dread. Has this refusal to ac L cept her offer, her generous sacrifice yes n terday, given her offence? Has she again a misunderstood him? Has she thought good heavens! can she think he does not a want her? W'here can she have gone? ,What does she mean to do? W'ork for h, her living? The thought is a blank ter s ror to him. He has not the faintest idea ' as to who her friends in New York may be, or where he must look for her. Look r for her, of course, he must, if he is not s arrested before he can do it. lIe strides over the ground full of passionate im I1 patience and wrath with himself. What a stupid blunderer he is to have let her p go as he did last evening-to have re I fused her noble offer in that abrupt way the offer that it cost her so much to make! 0 He has taken it for granted that she o would continue on at Charlton, The idea of her leaving, of her working, is an idea f that has never once occurred to him. Of r course she must be found and at once. e It will not be a difficult matter to trace 5 her in the city. He is close upon the hotel when a man a a stranger, a short, commonplace-looking person-steps up to him and touches his I hat. a "Ask pardon. Colonel Ffrench, if I V ain't mistaken?" ' "That is my name." s "Thanky. Could I have a few minutes' \- private conversation with you colonel? \- It's important, and I shan't keep you long." "My good fellow, no-not at present. I \- am in the deuce and all of a hurry. Come \- this afternoon-say at three. I cannot stop ndw." "Ask pardon, hut it's your own busi. 3 ness, colonel-leastwise it's both our bulsi t ness at present. It's about this here little b job over at Charlton." Colonel Ffrench stops and stares at him. "Who are you?" he demands. "Detective Daggit, of New York. Down L here on my own hook, and a-purpose to ' get at the bottom of this here affair. I've a word or two I'd particularly like to say, if so be you're as much interested in this matter as most folks would be in your place." "Come with me," says Colonel Ffrench; and leads the way to his room. Here he points out a chair to his ýviitoir and seats hindslf :quarely in front 0' hin. "Now, then. Detectiv" Daggit, what is it you have to say?" "Thanky, colonel." say4)polite Mr Dag gi,. wiDing his already very dry mouth with his hand. "First of all, there's a reward out-offered by you-for the ap prehension of the Charlton burglar. A handsome sum-five thousand dollars." Colonel Ffrench nods. "yery well. I mean to earn that money, and I don't think it's goin' to be sech a tough job. nuther. I've been employed by the late lamented party this some time back to keep an eye on her husband-a very nice gentleman, indeed, hut a little wild or so about ladies and such; and when it camb out about this here rolb bery. I tackled the job, at once. Now, colonel. there's them as suspect you-ask pardon-but it's like-folks to do it. You bIeing next heir and that. and if you at tempt to leave this here little town, you'll be arrested-ask pardon-it ain't a plea sant thing to say, but you will." "I know it," Colonel Ffrench says, sen tentiously. "Then what you'd better do, colonel, is to lay by here a bit and wait, and hand the matter over to me. I'vre ferreted out gentlemen of this kidney before, and I'll do it again, or my name's not Daggit. I'll lay you a fifty that I have this fellow safely under my thumb before another fortnight." Colonel Ffrench looks at him keenly. "You suspect" - he begins. "Never mind who I suspect just now. I'll make my suspicions sure before I name names. Just answer me a few Iques tions first, and then I'll take myself off." He pulls out a note-book and pencil and proceeds to propound sundry ques tions. They have little hearing on the case in hand. so far as Colonel Ffrench can see, but he answers them. Mr Dag gIt is rising to go when a visitor is an nounced. He enters, and proves to be Dadly. Instantly MIr Dag.git's bright eyes bore two holes through him. "I'rve been to Shaddeck Light. Cap'n Dick."' says he. softly, shifting from one foot to the other in his usual way. "I was here last evenin' to see you. but you was out. Somebody's been a-stopping at Shaddeck, and forgot suthin', :and! I fetched It right 'long to you." He produces, after much fumbling, a litle flat package,:wrapped in a piece of newspaper. Detedfive Daggit waits and watches with keeii professional interest. "TWhy do you bring it to me?" asks Col onel Ffrench. Dady does not know why. He shifts from foot to foot, and gapes vacantly at the ceiling. He found 'em and he brought 'em-he don't know why. They might belong to Cap'n Dick, mebbe-no body elsggoes thar. He found 'em yes' day; the pieces o' paper blowed inter th' rocks, the piecter on the floor of Cap'n Dick's room. Thought they might be his's, and so---He stops. Colonel Ffrench has uttered a sharp exclamation of surprise. "Miss Charlton!" he exclaims. He has opened the flat package, and finds a card photograph and two or three scraps of a letter. It is the photograph of a lady: it is the face of Eleanor Chart ton. Detective Daggit pounces upon it, and looks at it over his shoulder. "An uncommon good- looking young woman," he says. "Ask pardon, but you know her, Colonel." "Know her? Yes." Colonel Ffrench answers dreamily. Eleanor Charlton's picture and . true! SHe looks at it again: she has changed: the hair is dressed differently, she looks older, graver, more care-worn, he fancies, than as he remembers her. He looks at the back; there is the photographer's name, and the place-New Orleans-and a date in pencil. "Why, it was only taken two months ago," he says in surprise. - He looks at the torn scraps of writing; they have been wet, and are blotter. They are fragments of a letter, but con tain little that is legible. There is a name, however, on one; "Yours ever yours always-Ernest" "Jest step back, young man," says De t tective - Daggit, briskly, to Daddy: "you're a treasure, my lad, that's what I you are. Now, Colonel Ffrench-ask par don for bothering you in this way, but I must ask a few more questions. Tell me all you know about this here pretty r young lady. It's the clue I've wanted, Sas sure as I'm Daggit." (To be continued.) 