Our Story. ' Love is of God.' By Tom Bluegum. 11 It is worth a good deal more than we have given or spent to make ODe mother's heart so glad,' he remarked, as he passed it back again to the widow. Chapter YIII. The mellow days of South Coast spring came in gloriously. Edwin Carr, broDzed and roughened outwardly as he worked on the seablown paddocks. But his muscles hardened and his manhood took on new fibre under the process. A corresponding transformation progressed within. Just as the outward signs of dissipation were replaced by healthier tissue, so his thoughts and emotions took on a wholesome type. His feeling of indebtedness to the inmates of the home rendered the most common place toil a' tribute of grateful affection. He wrought his best and lived his best under the conviction that only so oould he express in ways that would be acceptable his own appreciation of tbe kindnesB shown him. So the mellow spring broadened into the long, hot days of summer, broken by sea driven gales and thunder showers from beyond the western ranges. Letters to and from his home were regular and frequent. The fond hearts, yearning lor his return, were yet well content to wait. They could wait with patience now for the breaking day was round them after the long black night. Edwiu Carr himself was more loth than ever to leave. Admitted into the inner circle of the home life be felt its lure and charm more potently than before. Those evenings under the trellised vines, and tbe Sabbath strolls to and from service filled him with delight. The latter particularly so, for they gave 'rare opportunities of converse with the brother and sister never occurring during the busier hours of the week. Sometimes when pulpit duties called her brother iu oiherdirections Maude Brooks and Ed win Ciur went too and fro to these Sabbath evening gatherings alone. He had from the first been powerfully impressed with the well-poised sensible goodness of the young woman. The more he saw of her unselfish love and service in the home, and of the strong reliant cheer ful nature showing through all, the deeper grew his respect. To ' him those quiet walks through the starlight or moonlight in her company were times of exquisite pleasure. More than once after such experi ences he found himself vainly wishing that his past had been different. He dared not contemplate the visions suggested by such thoughts for he felt that all prospect of realising them had been forfeited by his sins. Yet he was conscious of a Bubtle power drawing him irresistibly towards her and moulding his life anew in accordance with her will and character. To live in the way she most approved became the strongest desire of his life. A word or smile from her was to him a priceless recompense, the hope of winning it hiB strongest incentive. So reverence and love for a good woman worked as it often does towards moulding a new and better man. hood. As for Maude Brooks herself, she was not insensible to the studied respect shown her, nor of the growing influence she exerted over this man's life. In her common sense neipiui way, wnust discouraging any tendency to what she regarded as foolish Bentimentalism, she strove to make her influence tell for good. Sometimes as she recalled his words or actions she would smile in a quiet contented fashion peculiar tc herself. Occasionally she would stand at some invisible vantage point, pausing in the midst of household duties, to contem plate his activity in the distant field. At such times a roguish look would creep into her expression, but no one heard a whisper of what passed behind those deep gray eyes. j ? Chapter YIII. 'You did not remain for the after meeting, Mr. Carr?' Maude Brooks had just stepped from tbe porch of the little stone church to find her escort waiting as usual. Tom Brooks was conducting service that evening at a meet ing house by the lake side, seven miles away. 'No,' he said. 'I do not feel good enough to Btay in a prayer-meeting.' 'But we stay there to be made good and to be kept good,' she answered lightly. Then her tone changed to one of tender gravity. ' If you really want to be good you could get help in the after-meeting, Mr. Carr. ' I do want to live a better life, Miss Brooks,' he replied, earnestly ; ' I dare scarcely say that I want to be good. How can anyone hope to be good with a record like mine ?' 'God is equal to that problem,' was the quiet answer, 'He has mercy and pardon for what is past. He gives the Holy Spirit for present and future. The redeemed ara white and pure, because they have washed and been made white in the b'ood of the Lamb, not becauso they have never been defiled.' ' But that seems to me to be different,' he objected.' ' If I may be so rnde, it seems to apply more to the folk like \ou and your brother, than to such as I have been.' 'A difference of degree at most,' she said. 'We all need that pardon. Whac God does for the least sinner is evidence of what He is willing and able to do' for the greatest. But that itself is a wrong way of putting it. Nothing is great or small with God : sin is sin ; goodness is good. He j takes away sin ; he implants the good.' | So they conversed on the homeward way. One result of this conversation was that ;j Edwin Garr went up to the quarterly love il feast, held the following Wednesday even I ing. He sat back among the shadows, tor I] the front lamps only were lighted, and he \ felt almost like an intruder. He had been '] brought up in the Presbyterian faith and Ii the scene was novel. The subdued fervour S] of the opening exercises moved him power ij fully. When tbe quaint old rite of paBBing ;i bread and water was observed he allowed | the elements to pass untouched. But the simple and beautiful exposition of the ?! fellowship it. symbolised touched him i;| deeply. He longed to enjoy the privilege ;! and looked at the score or more of folk | gathered togethec in the front pews wonder s'; ing whether anyone of them had ever $ fallen into sin as he had done. Presently jfj as if in response to his thoughts, an old [l man who had offered him the bread in | passing, arose and spoke. | ' Thirty jf are last July,' he Baid, ' God | the Holy Ghost brought conviction of guilt | home to my soul. I was a Blave to drink, I the curse of my home and a heartbreak to | all who loved me. But thank God 1 Those I days are gone. I don't like to think or || speak of them now, only to-night I want | to thank God for the meroy that forgave : and the grace that has kept me to this j hour.' \ An aged woman in black got up as the I old man sat down. Edwin Garr did not jj know her story then. But she waB the j relict of a sailor who had been dead many | years. She had but recently lost her only ] son in a boat accident on the river-bar. ] Her voice was broken but he caught her I testimony distinctly. | ' Yonder's my home my portion fair, j My treasure and my heart are there And my abiding home.' And so the meeting ran on. At times the testimonies were so quaint as to provoke J a smile. But through all a deep under | current of genuine emotion swelled and flowed. Edwin Carr again and again | found himself recurring to his last conver | sation with Maude Brooks on their home I ward way and the hopes she had kindled 1 burned anew. He listened, as she rose to | speak, with a kind of breathless interest. | {To be continued. \ ? ? ? ? ? 