THE STORYTELLER. A NIGHT OF BOHANCE, By B.W. "Aren't you ready, Irene? I can hear father pacing up and down, and that's a bad sign." '•Yes, yes," answered Irene. Do come and help me; I can't button my gloves. Do you notice they have been cleaned? Benzine has such a horrid smell." 'It is to be hoped no one will want to 'touch your fingers with, his lips/ as they do in books," said Ruth. To her, her raster's was the dearest hand oh earth. All the glamour of Irene's per fect beauty came upon Ruth with a rush— the curls of primrose gold, the face they framed, the pearly white arms gleaming through the gauze of the ball dress. Irene in her calmly acceptive way was quite aware of this. She was a spoiled little thing, shal low yet very lovable, and Ruth loved her with all her heart. "Don't stare at me," Irene said, half-pet tish, half-shamefaced. "You are as bad "George Monteith, you were going to say," said Ruth. "I hate his looking at you, Irene, or paying you his horrid compli ments. He's not nice, and father won't have him at the house. If he knew about his sending you flowers and sweets he'd be awfully annoyed. You won't dance with him much to-night, dear, will you?" Irene bad been tying a feathery fascina tor over her head.' "How can you say such things? You and father are prejudiced, and you don't know him." "Jack told me some things," said Ruth, "and Jack knows everything." "Oh, oh, I am tired of Jack. Jack seems to rule the house," and she snapped on a bracelet, which Jack had given her. Ruth looked hurt. "How can you say that? You know Jack is as fond of you as he can be." Irene sobbingly flung herself down on her knees before the dressing-table, regardless of crashed flowers and chiffons, or even the after-effect on her eyes. Ruth was at her side in an instant, rocking the pretty gold head on her breast, and trying to soothe with soft words of love. Perhaps Irene was over- excited at the prospect of the ball; perhaps she cared for Jack CJuen tin more than she liked to show. "Is that child never going to be ready?" said a deep voice at the door. "Your mother never detained me so long. It's scandalous the way young people keep old age waiting." They were on their feet in an instant, and Ruth was sponging Irene's eyes, to hide the traces of tears. Mr. Summerson surveyed his eldest olive branch and snorted—what effect her love liness had on him was not betrayed. "Umf, umf, umf," he sniffed. "What is this disgusting perfume you have been in dulging m?" Irene, always frightened of her parent, thought of the benzine, and trembled; while Ruth flaunted the spangled fan she carried, knowing it Binelt all over of sweet violets. "Do you mean this, father?" she asked. "I don't know, I don't know," he said. "Why women of the present day buy these messes to perfume themselves with, instead of being content with God's fresn air, is beyond me. _ Come on, Irene; the phaeton has been waiting for quite 10 minutes, and we told Aunt Quentin we would call for her at 8. Why—what is it now?" Irene had run back to the bedroom with a smothered exclamation which sounded like "handkerchief." "Why, I put one in her dress!" 6aid Ruth; my own little Brussels one. She 'must have overlooked it." Next minute Irene appeared, and they all went down the stair to the door, where the phaeton waited. There was a little confusion about wraps and cushions. A wave from a white ann and Ruth Summer son was left alone. She went into the library and flung her self into a chair before the fire. Her limbs relaxed lazily in the comfort of it all, and the moments flew by. Presently the glow of getting Irene off faded into an almost oppressively acute feeling that she was quite alone. She felt a queer im pulse to speak as she thought. And she was thinking, as usual, of Irene. "I wonder if she loves Jack, and, Jack, do you love her?" She reached down two photos, from the mantel and studied them. "I am nearly sure you do." In time, per haps, she wul know what she has won and value it. I'm dreadfully afraid George Monteith is fascinating her. That is just what he does, he fascinates. So do snakes," and she shuddered. . "How can she even flirt with him when you are here?" Ruth gazed at the photos. One was Irene, strangely pretty; the other John Quentin, finely featured and manly. Irene's she replaced, her cousin's she held in her strained fingers. "You are twenty-five, she is twenty; nearer your age than I am—nearer to you in everything No wonder you care for her. Shew so sweet and-so lovely." Just then the curtains of the library-door were drawn,' and Jack Quentin came in. His eyes roved round the room and fell on Ruth, standing in the soft lamplight. "Where is Uncle? Where is Irene? Have they gone?" he cried. Ruth "Have you come for them?" she asked. : "Mother thought you or Irene might have influenza or bubonic plague when 8 «wne and.the phaeton didn't," he answered. . So I ran round to see 3 you were all right. Must, have passed them 0n«4h1. A16 you oil alone, Huthie!" /Behold me," she said. » too bad; Uncle might let you come, grumbled Jack. "You /would have no end of a time in a ball-room, and it would be nice for Irene." Quentin'a eye JeU,® «»e photograph, which had dropped to the floor. He picked it up. Why, it's me," he said. ""Why am 1" (P'ovellmg on the floor like this?" _ You—you must have fallen down," said Ituth, colouring. "Put it there, please— beside Irene's. There was a moment's silence. V on't you be late?" Bhe asked. f'l am afraid you are already." "Oh, a few minutes won't matter," he answered. "What are you doing with yourself? Reading or writing tales? It must be confoundedly dull being all alone, isn't it?" "Not confoundedly," she said; "besides, they have only just gone. It's such fun to hear all about the dance from Irene; and then father always has violent disputes with Dr. Farr over whist to tell of. lancy playing whist when dancing was going on, I couldn't." "Don't mention whist," said Jack. "You can't play that at any time. Now look here, Kuthie. Let me run round about 12 and see bow you are, and I'll bring the latest report of the festivity, and how Irene is envying it. Shalll?" ~ " ' fa Ruth's face radiated with pleasure. "Oh, will you?" she cried; "How lovely. But isn't it time you went?/ He caught the little pushing hands, and twisted her round to the light. And then he studied her. "Do you know, Ruth," be said, with a cousin's lordly patronage, "you are grow ing very pretty—what our James would call a 'fine young 'ooman.' No, you needn't bide your face; it's quite true. Irene will have to look to her laurels soon." "Oh, do go, Jack, you are so silly;" and Ruth ineffectually tried to push bim door wards. "Well, good-bye. Take care of your self, and don't be afraid of ghosts." He swung from the room, and Kuth turned to the fire, with the sound of his voice jn her ears, and the thrill of his touch in her heart. All at once Quentin's head reappeared. "I forgot to say that it should have been au revoir, instead of good-bye. I will be here—anon." Ruth laughed, and called him silly; and then opened the door and let him out. She returned to the fire, and knelt down on the rug. To her he spoke in this light, flip pant way; to Irene he would have been grave, dignified, gentle, and altogether dif ferent. Ruth knew he was thought clever, studious, and energetic: evidently he did not think it worth while to show these qualities to her; perhaps did not think her capable of understanding tlioni, even. Suddenly Quentin appeared again. He must have let himself in by the side door, and Ruth started to her feet in surprise. "You," she cried, "again? Oh, Jack, this grows monotonous. Have you for gotten anything?" "I just remember that I had forgotten to say 'Good-bye' properly," and, bending down, he kissed her before she knew what he was doing. "Oh," she said. "Oh." For these cousins had only known each other during the six months Quentin had been in New South Wales, and Mr. Sum merson did not approve of the familiarity which usually exists between such rela tions. And this time he really went off, leaving Ruth in a whirl of amazement. She could not understand. "He loves Irene, and he flirts with me," was the conclusion she came to, and she rubbed the little tingling place on her cheek. It must have been nearly 12 when Ruth opened her eyes; she was cramped, and the fire was low. Ruth caught sight of herself in the glass. Her hair had let itself free, and fallen to her waist, with its bright glory. She went upstairs for her brush and comb, for the hair was too tangled to be comfortable; besides, Jack would be back about ndw. As she drew the brush out there was a rustle of paper, and Ruth found a letter. Scrawled in blue pencil were the words: — "Darling Ruth,—I am going away to be married. I know father doesn't under stand George, and will never give his con sent. So we are taking matters into our own hands. You won't get this until you are brushing your hair for the night, and, perhaps, father will have found out by then. He always plays whist all night long at dances, 60 George said that would be our best opportunity, and I have sent a travelling dress to the station to put on. I don't know what you will think of me, you and father and Jack. I know you will forgive me soon, because, well—because you are Ruth, and will understand how I love him to do this. Jack likes me, I think. He nearly proposed once, and I like Jack, but I love George. Some day you will ap prove of our marriage. We are to be mar ried to-night. We are going ever so far away, but I will write again. I can't write more now, and ob, don t be angry. "Your lovinr She stood a.moment trying to take it all in. "Ob, it must not be; it must not be," she cried. 'That means they are to catch the 12 train to - Sydney." She snatched up a white shawl, and threw it over her head, and as she did so a definite plan formed in her mind. "The station is lees than a mile away," she thought. "I can run, and I have ten minutes." She flew downstairs, and through the side door, and tut into , the garden. The gate was hard to open, and every minute precious. Oa she ran. At last the lights of the station were visible. The train was still there. Some milk cans had caused the delay. Ruth scanned the platform. Then she caught sight of a little fair head. Irene and Monteith. The carriage-doOr was open, and Ruth darted to it. "Irenel" she gasped, "what are you do Sfonteith's face changed. Ireue burst into tears. Ruth tried to pull her on to the platform. The lover lirmly unfastened the girl's hold. ; "Do not interfere, Miss Ruth," he said coolly, "This affair does not concern you." "It does concern me!" she cried. "Irene, dear, come back. He is not worthy of you. Quick, while there is time." Irene wavered. She knew she was doing a very wrong thing, but infatuation blinded her. Ruth looked round helplessly; and who should she see but Jack Quentin, standing there all unconscious ana serene. With surprise he caught Bight of her, and almost at once realised what was happening. He came forward, white and determined. "What is all this?" he demanded of Monteith. Irene covered her face. At that moment the whistle sounded, and Monteith's face set in triumph. Irene stretched out her arms to Ruth, and the next instant found herself snatched from the doorway by Jack'B strong hands, while the train and Monteith whirled away into the dark ncsB. It was by mere accident that Quentin happened to be at the station. He had remembered that a dog he had sent up the country for to give to his mother on her birthday would Be on board this train, and had ridden over to see to it before going to report on the ball to Ruth. Irene Summerson's premeditated elope ment was known only to three people. Friends wondered at Monteith's disappear ance but, as lie was known to be no good it was not regretted. They also won dered why Jack Quentin, who had been so much with Irene Summerson that win j ter, should so completely transfer his at tentions to Ruth. But by the time their , engagement was announced they had for I gotten to wonder at all, and turned their I thoughts to matchmaking on Irene's ac count. 