EXTRAORDINARY CREDULITY. Mountebanks uppoahng to tne creuuiivy of the ignorant in the name of religion aro always with ns. This year the most successful and notorious of these is a man who calls himself the iwv. isum ... Stadford, who has organised an associa tion to which ho has givon the namoof The Holy Ghost and Us Society , and which has just hold a session of eight days on a hill in the state of Maine. Standford appeared on this hill three years ago, with a spade in his hands, and began to dig, saying that he liadj been commanded by God to orect a| temple there, and revolutionise the religious of tho world. His zeal was infectious, and thoso who canto to scoff ' ... ... More than two hundred men from the adjacent farming districts joined him in tho work without Every day lie prayed for money End soon it began to roll in, for the deluded agriculturists Bold their farms, and gave him tlio proceeds, and contribu tions came from others. Ono farmer sold j uli he had, oxcopt a liord of hogs, lhese ! ho killed, and buried, bocauso Sandford ; regnrdod thorn as unclean an.mals. aiid would not receive tho value of them in cosh. With the contributions of the last 1 three yoars Sandford has erected a Temple I of Truth,' consisting of four buildings, , enclosing a court, and has expended more 1 than 100,000 dol. on them. At the ' of the recent convention lie remarked that 20.000 dol. was needed. ' He prayed for that aura, and immediately I ; afterwards exhibited the money, assorting that it had been sent to lum from the if Almighty. Tho society now has about .. 3 ooO mombers. Sandford baptised many a newcomers during tho convention, plung- «: ing them into a river, while his followers i; on tho banks shouted, Hallelujah 1 In I bis public addresses ho predicts that !,, England and America will soon unite to !i subtluo tho whole world with fire and I;,l sword. At the closo of tho _ convention M ho sailed for .England, promising to bring all back a large sum of money. Probably k; l,o will return, for tlioro is much more I V money to bo drawn from tlio credulous In for tho support of his projects. The ;l!i society's property was left in chnrgo of !!$' oyal assistants, or confederates. 