LOCAL AND GENERAL At the Bait of the W.A. Gtoldfields, Ltd, •the plant and machinery of the COOLGARDIE MINEB and PIONEER were on Wednesday '(submitted for sale by auction under a distraint for rent. There was a moderate •attendance of the public, and Mr A. H. Bar^ clay, acted as auctioneer with his usual effectiveness. Mr J. H. Wood, of Bayley-street west, started the bidding at £300, and the amount was briskly raised, the property eventually being knocked down to Mr D. M. Leslie, on behalf of Mr John Onlley, who has now become sole proprietor of both journals. A little knowledge of English idiom is a very dangerous thing. At the National Iiiberal Club dinner to General Riciotti Garibaldi, the guest unexpectedly rose up and said •. 'And now, gentlemen, I wish to propose one toast. I dcink to the health of Mrs Grundy I' Confusion and uncertainty among the ' Liberal Forwards' present! 1 Yes, gentlemen,' continued the General, quite unconscious of his satire, ' to Mrs Grundy, that is to say, the great public opinion of England 1' . Guy Boothby, siys an English correspondent, has suffered a shocking bereavement. Not many weeks ago he bought the famous bulldog Black Watch for £300, thus giving the highest price ever paid for any specimen of that breed in thiB country. Black Watch •was entered for the National Show at Birmingham, but last week fell ill, and in tpite of -veterinary attention, gave up the ghost after .lingering a couple of days. Business, one may fairly surmise, must be brisk with Mr Boothby, or he would never be able to ' go to the dogs' at this extravagant figure. Good progress is being made in the securing of advertisements for the official catalogue of the Western Australian Mining and Industrial Exhibition, and Mr E. D. Gouly, who has the work iu hand, wishes intending •advertisers to communicate with him or they may run the risk of having to put up with the less prominent spaces in the catalogue. Mr Goulay's address is 385 St George's Ter- <race, Perth, but Messrs Axford and Sawles are canvassing the goldfields and are authorised to receive advertisements for the .pimphlet, which should prove a very interesting publication. A little incident of well-nigh international importance which happened in connection with the Sirdar's laureatlon at Edinburgh University should not be allowed to go unnoticed (says an English exchange). It is reported that when the ceremony was about ha'f completed the well-known figure of the 'French lecturer was seen to descend from the library hall.and walk in a slow and digni- £ed way down the centre of the quadrangle between the barricades. The lecturer appeared calm, and even undisturbed by an ironical cheer whioh greeted his performance In academic circles there is little doubt ex- •prossed but that this was a protest against the laureatlon of ons who had gone poaching •at Fashoda. Considerable interest has been aroused by 'the statistics collected by the Berlin H Tageblatt,' which, it is contended, go to prove tha^ where conscription is in force the -average height of the soldier is lower than in volnnteer armies. It is, of course, satisfac tory to know that the British soldier is some 4in taller than the German, and 3in better than the Frenchman, the Spaniard, and the Italian ; bnt, after all, it is only to be expected that in countries where every able- -bodied young fellow is passed into the' 'military service the tendency must be to "reduce the average height. In this country a man generally ' goes for a soldier' because be looks and feels like ons. - The recreations of Mr Rhodes, as given in the new is3ue of' Who's Who,* are as follow - —Bides daily for two hours at 6 a.m.; reads chiefly the classics, of which he has a fine collection, with a separata library of typewritten translations executed specially for 'him; Froude and Carlyle he admires universally ; favorite reading, biography and history; Imows Gibbon almost by heart; favorite work ifiction, 'Vanity Fair,' which he admires more than any single work in literature ; 'collects old furniture, china, and curios generally, with a preference for anything Dutch; has a Sir Joshua Reynolds ; fond of nearly all old fashions ; fond of old things, particularly old oak chests; goes in greatly "for gardening, especially rose culture ; good pyramid player; a fair shot; has a menagerie on Table Mountain ; visits his lions there every day when he can. The line of pipes leading from the Hanover mine to the swimming baths, which the Council has leased from the Coolgardie Waterworks, Ltd, has now been tapped by two branch linen, one leading to the Lin<9 say's Consolidated mine and the other to the King Solomon. In each case the water is required for the running of a battery. The municipality will benefit through these connections by an amount more than equal to the sum which they pay for the rental of the main line. Writing in the ' Gaulois' upon the necessity of being ready at sea, Bear-Admiral Oupont says :—' Do not let us forget the lessons of history, which show that England has an inveterate habit of attacking her enemies before openly declaring war. The character of a nation never changes, and England would do the same to-day were the circumstances similar.' There's a boom in pipers. It is not generally known that the British Navy boasts of piper? who play bluejackets to church. But such is the fact. These pipers are known as Stephenson's Pipers, after the gallant admiral who, unfortunately, is at present laid up. The pipers, of course, are regular Jack Tars, but they can hitch the bag under Jiheir left arm (9ays a correspondent) like 'ta praw Hielan' piper in Her Majesty's fat.' The'Morning Post'tells of an amusing incident that recently occurred at Chitral. A gymkana was iu progress, and a certain number of Sikhs and about three times as many Goorkhas were present. So, too, were five British officers, of whom one wa3 temporarily an invalid on crutches. A tug-ofwar formed one of the items on the programme, and the stalwart Sikhs naturally defeated the plucky little Goorkhas. Thereupon the Nepaulese Highlanders made an onslaught on the Jats, whose beards and long hair presented many opportunities for pnlling to the nimble fingers of their numerous assailants. The British officers did what they could, but a serious riot appeared inevitable, when it occurred to someone to order the ' Fall in' to be sounded. Discipline prevailed ; the opponents on both sides hastened to obey the call, and, according to latest accounts, no further trouble had arisen During the last ten years thirty-eight bankers and merchants have left behind them £19,478,085, or the comfortable average of £512,578 each (says a London paper). Coalowners, ironmasters, and engineers to the number of 110 «3ied possessed of the respectable sum of £240,487 apiece. Money-lenders run coalowners very close, for ninety-three of them died worth collectively £19,447,878 ; while the 193 manufacturers only possessed £209,063 each. The rank and file of the brewing trade are comparatively poor; 110 of them only left £19,948,857, but threefifths of this was owrned by seven individuals. Newspaper proprietors, printers, publishers, and newsagents to the number of 109 died possessed of £109 625 a head. The earnings of stockbrokers are not so large as is generally supposed; at all events, eighty-four members of the Stock Exchange only left the moderate personalty of £8,037,556. It would be a pity (says ' Truth') to leave the following flowers of specch to blush unseen in the columns of a country paper. I cull them from the report of the utterances of one J. H. Clarke in proposing a toast at the annual dinner of the Gainsborough Working Men's Club. Perhaps it is only just to add that Mr Clarke is not one of the working men:—Alluding to the FaBhoda difficulty he said England showed the Powers that she had a navy that could swallow the d lot of them. Oar lads lived on beef and d good bacon—(laughter)—and when it came to the point they could fight, and fight li£e the devil. (Laughter.) There was no mistake about the men so long as they did not take too much boazs, and he hoped none of them did that. (Laughter ) The British army was all O.K., and no nation in the world could compare with it for discipline.' The facts and fictions of the Druce case were anticipated by an unsolved mystery of one of the wealthiest and most ancient families. Over half a century ago, shortly after the Edinburgh and Glasgow railway was opened, a train was deliberately wrecked by a party of roystering young gentlemen. One was a notoriously reckless Irish peer, and another the head of a Scotch family. Through aristocratic influence, the latter was allowed to escape to the Continent, and his death was shortly afterwards announced. His supposed body was brought from France ia an dak coffin, and deposited in the family vault. This put a stop to a prosecution, for which the public clamoured, and the heir of the' deceased' laird came into the property. For many years the estate was heavily charged for a liberal annuity to a gentleman in France who had befriended the' deceased.' It is sad to add that, a few weeks after his coming of age, the young laird was thrown from the box of his* coach and killed. It is understood that Mr F. W, T. Saunders, of the Coolgardie^Water Supply Department, has forwarded his resignation to headquarters; If this proves a truth the department will certainly be this losers over the transaction. The secretary of the Exhibition informs us that a favorable and satisfactory response has been made to the request recently put to the Government for further financial assistance. If they exercise ordinary caution the Commissioners will not now be hampered by the want of money. They had some great sports on December 31 at Northampton. One of the items on the programme was a sack rate, * to the particulars of which (says a Geraldton paper) was appended the extraordinary proviso ' ladieB not bared." Some people are still wondering what was meant by these three words, or what was thenece?Bity for them. The Bev Mr Burns, who has been pastor of the local Presbyterian Church for nearly four years, bias decided to remove with bis family from Western Australia to one of the Eastern colonies. A meeting of the congregation was held on Wednesday, when Mr Burns' resignation was considered. It was decided that a letter be written to him expressing the regret of the congregation at losing-their pastor, and wishing him Godspeed in the future. Mr Burns' resignation will take effect from February 20. An explorer recently fount in, Egypt a bronze bowl and a series of iron tools of forms quite unlike any known in that country, and they are thought to have belonged to an Assyrian armonrer about 670 B.C. These tools, comprising three saws made for pulling, not pushing, one rasp, one file, several chisels and. ferrules, a scoopedged drill, two fcentrebits, and others, are of the greatest value in the history of tools, as showing several forms of an earlier date than was thought possible. The Khalifa had none of the religious fervour of the Mahdi, and is merely a rather clever but very cruel adventurer. He can claim no ' high- birth,' as it is understood in the Soudan, being only the son of a nigger, and some doubts are cast upon his legitimacy. As a boy, however, the Khalifa early evinced signs of possessing more than the average intelligence of his tribe, or at least more than the average ability for imposing on the credulity of his fellows. He quite early pretended to work miracles and effect cures. The 1 Matin' publishes some interesting extracts from an article which Mr Stead will shortly publish in the 1 Beview of Reviews*' The article says that the Emperor Nicholas II is deeply imbued with a senee of what he owes to the poorer classes. With regard to Great Britain, the Czar is animated with nothing but goodwill towards that country. He brought back from India a genuine admiration for the manner in which the English administer their colonies and dependencies, but he had, nevertheless, observed that there existed a yawning abyss between governing and governed in India, and had seen with sorrow that colonisation might sometimes reduce itself to the supplying of alcohol and other causes of demoralisation to the natives. His Majesty regards the partition of China with a feeling of horror. The German occupation of Kiao- Chau, and the fear of seeing Great Britain take possession of Port Arthur, induced him to forestal them, but he has never ceased to regard the occupation as a bitter necessity, and if Great Britain would adopt the policy of the open door in China no one would rejoice more than the Czar, Nicholas II. They tell this Btory in free—very free— America. Much amusement was caused on the occasion of a recent English house party by the entry into the drawing-room, just before dinner, of a guest with coat-tails tightly rammed into his trousers' pockets and the trousers themselves roiled up almost to his knees. When some one drew the old gentleman's attention to the eccentric arrangement of his dress, everybody present nearly ' exploded,' and the victim himserf laughed heartily. He then explained that he bad bicycled over from bis own home, some two miles distant, and thinking that he was late, he had, when shown in, forgotten all about the arrangement of his clotheB. When, subsequently, the footman who had admitted him was rebuked for not having noticed the condition of the guest's garb, and told him of it, the saucy varlet calmly replied that certainly he • had ' observed that Colonel Blank's trousers were turned up rather high,' but that he had refrained from drawing his attention to them because he ' thought perhaps the colonel wore them that way!' The mass of work which the German ~ Emperor has to do may be understood from the following figures, representing twelve months' labor :— He received 1,026 immediate reports, including 168 telegrams, gave 751 decisions, and signed 802 Cabinet orders, appointments, and other doenments. Five thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven reports were laid before him ; but the Civil Cabinet had to deal with about 50,000 documents addressed to His Majesty, and about 400 letters and telegrams arrived daily. The current number of the' Western Australian Church News' states:—Mr N. K. Swing, M.L.A., at a meeting oi his constituents at Midland Junction last month, announcd his intention of re-introducing each session until it became law his bill for facilitating divorce. Churchmen and others interested in preserving the sanctity of marriage will bear this in mind, and in view of the promised assault must not let their forces evaporate, but prepare for the battle again. The 'Cornhill' has an amusing list of blunders in speech. ' Is he in extremis V asked a Boman Catholic priest of a dying man's friends. 'Ay, he's right in, your reverence,' replied the other. After a pause he added, as a clincher,' Clean in, poor chap I Bight up to the neck, sir.' Presently the old man went on sadly, ' Me and brother Bill have worked together the past fifteen year.' •On the railway?' asked the clergyman. 'Ay, sir. We've worked all that time on the firmament way.' A couple of schoolboys were haled before the headmaster, accused of breaking boundaries. One of them offered the usual echoolboy plea of ignorance, and said they had only traversed a few yards of the forbidden territory. The master turned to the other with the question, ' And what have you to say?' The lad, who had a dangerous habit of using long words, replied, ' Please, sir, Smith has made a perfectly voracious statement.' The Queen has conferred the decoration of the Victoria Cross on the undermentioned officer, whose claims were submitted for her Majesty's approval, for his conspicuous bravery during the outbreak -at Candia on September 6, 1898, aB recorded against his name:—Surgeon William Job Maillard, M.D., R.N. On September 6, 1898, during the landing of seamen from her Majesty's ship Hazard, Surgeon Maillard, who had disembarked and reached a place of safety, returned through a perfect deluge of bullets to the boat and endeavored to bring into safety Arthur Stroud, ordinary seaman, who had fallen back wounded into the boat as the other men jumped ashore. Surgeon Maillard failed to bring Stroud in only through the boat being adrift, and it being beyond his strength to lift the man (who was almost dead) out of so unstable a platform. Surgeon Maillard returned to his poet with his clothes riddled with bullets, though he himself was unhurt. The Midland (Kng) police are actively engaged in an endeavor to run to earth a scoundrel who, in the guise of a Roman Catholic priest, has dnring the month been committing assaults upon women in the neighborhood of Birmingham. The mm is described as being about 35 years of age, and he is believed to be the same individual who is wanted at Birkenhead and Chester for similar offences. His modus operandi in the neighborhood of Birmingham is almost incredible in its bareiaoedness. Wearing u black Inverness coat and a clerical hat he would call at the houses of people belonging to the Roman Catholic faith, representing himself as a newly-appointed priest at one of the local churches. His visits were at a time when women-folk were most likely to be alone in their homes. On the pretence of being desirous of discussing religious matters the bogus priest not infrequently was permitted to enter houses. Some timeB he would complain of irregularity at worship acd the confessional, and in every case where opportunity favored his design he is believed to have been guilty of most improper behavior. In one case an elderly woman received such a shock, consequent upon the man's conduct, that she is at thiB moment lying between life and death. He was ordered out of the house, but boldly stated bis determination to call again in a week's time. The Atlantic Ocean iB crossed monthly by 1,000 ships. A single bee collects only a toaspoonful of honey during a season. A London omnibus carries on an average 2,600 passengers each week. The bottled beer of England requires nearly 70,Q00 tons of cork yearly. 