Enthroning Christ. Consecration involves the 'glorifying' of Christ, the 'enthroning' Him, the crowning of Jesus ' Lord of all ' in our heart and life. li Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all;' and, says Dr. Hudson Taylor, ' If you do not crown Him Lord of all, you do not crown Him at all.' This view of consecration, with its accompanying results, is beautifully illustrated for us in John vn, 38, 39 : ' He that believeth in Me, as the Scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. But this spake He of the Spirit, which they that believed on Him were to receive : for the Spirit was not yet given, because Jesus was not yet glori fied.' Jesua had not yet reached the throne, and so the Spirit had not yet been given. The reason why they had not come to Pentecost was that as yet there was no ascension. ? Ascension preceded Pentecost. Let us learn it by root of heart, that every Pentecost since the first has, in like manner, been preceded by an ascension. Do we know Pentecost experiment ally for ourselves ? If not, the reason is close at hand. Jesus has not been ' glorified ' by us, not enthroned in our hearts. He may be in the heart, he may even be in the throne room, but He has not been placed upon the throne ! There has never been a coronation day in our lives when in full and glad surrender we placed the crown on the many-crowned Head, crying, ' Crown him, crown Him Lord of all ;' ' And he showed me a river of water of life, bright as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.' When Christ reached the throne at the Father's right hand, from underneath his throne the river began to flow, the Holy Ghost was given' His Church received her Pentecost. ' Being there fore by the right hand of God exalted, -: he hath poured forth this ' (Acts ii : 33). So when Christ is exalted, enthroned, glorified in the believer's heart, from underneath His throne will the rivers begin to flow according to his promise ; but no ascension, no Pentecost ; and let us remember that though life begins at the Cross, service does not begin till Pentecost. No Pentecost no service worthy the name. We need not be concerned as to how the rivers are flowing from us, or troubled as to what channels they are flowing in. They flowed from Peter in one way and from Paul in quite another, and from Barnabas in yet another ; there are ' diversities ' of ways. Our concern is to glorify Jesus-; to see that he is on the throne ; and it becomes his business then to see that the rivers are flowing. * * * Our life and service will be enriched beyond telling by enthroning Christ. Thit«, of course, involves the breaking of all our idols, for he will not share his throne with any. When Mahmoud, the conqueror of India, had taken the city of Gujarat he proceeded, as was his custom, to destroy the idols. There was one, fifteen feet high, which the priests and devotees begged him to spare. He was deaf to their entreaties, and seizing a hammer he struck it one blow, when, to his amazement, from the shattered image there rained down at his feet a shower of gems, pearls, and diamonds — treasure of fabulous value which had been hidden within it. Had he spared the idol he would nave lost all this wealth. Let as not spare our idols. It is to our interest to demolish them. If we shatter them there will rain about our hearts the very treasures of heaven, the gifts and graces of the Holy Spirit, but if we spare one idol we will miss riches unsearchable. — Ihe Rev. John MacNeil. 