MISCELLANY. The Proper? mpleinwa lor "flooring" a Obaa A spirit leveL The Most Economical Style in Woman's Tw. That with no wrist. wea Jcnnie E. T. Dowe has these verses In the «<rw tury" tor August :— ^<8* Bow do J know thri lorry lores m. How does he his lore bHnj f How do I know that Larry lores net Larry kisses the right way. "Ad' how—an' bow does Larry Ids tw_ Else by candle-light or dayt" Only tbn tny tongue can teh thee: Lirry kisses the right way. Threatening.—She—"What would yon do if T .+ tempted to rtm upstairs and leave roa alone*/" lie—"Bold you." She—"I'm gom ." Old gentleman, sitting for pbott^raph, gru^, —"Want me to look pleasant, I suppose I" photo, grapher—"Not at all, sir. Our specialty U trutli Jul likenesses.'" "I see," said counsel to his ••friend" tiuseM on the other ride, •'you are afraid to meet i£ truth!" "1 never do meet it," was the promt* reply; "we always go together." 1 Br. Oismberlria, when a little bov, w»£ ing a game of "battles" with his "sister, J child having a regiment of toy soldiers and a popgun to fire at the enemy. The little girl's soldiers went down very quickly under ho! brother's heavy firing, and he was proclaimed #g« victor. Thoughtful child, be had glued his ma. to the floor! Mr. Jastin M'Oarthy telli this story of his early experiences to journalism. When very young he came to London with an introduction to an editor who bad started the then novel feature of publish tog short Etoriea in newspapers. Mr. M'Carthv wrote a short story and sent it in. A few dm later he called at the office to learn its fate *'<j hope you see your way to accept itf" he asked timidly. "Y'es, and tixty more like it!" briskly replied the editor. The story was paid for, and nothing more waa beard of Mr. M'Cartny for'sere. ;ai months. At last he again put to an appearance at the newspaper office with a very large parcel under his arm. "Whit hare you there:" asked the editor, seeing him busy with the cord. "These, sir, are the sixty stories yon gave me an order to write," answered the young author. The editor fairly gasped for breath. "But I am sure I never asked yon to write such a tmntoer!" he said. "You expressed your willingness," replied Mr. M'Carthy, "to accept sixty more stories like the one I sent you on approval—and here they all are. 1 took you for a man of your word!" No Extra Charge.—"How will yon have your eggs cookedf" asked the wxltra'. '"Make any dif. ference to the cost o* 'ant" inquired the custo mer. "No." Then cook 'an with a nice elite o' ham." Bella—"So you're engaged to Mr. Grooscm: How on earth did he ever propose?" Stella—"Well, one afternoon he took me for a wri in the cemetery• end when we came to his fami.y lot he asked me how I'd lite -to be buried there some day with his name engraved on a stone ab.ve me." A fashionably-attired lady met a smalt, bare legged urchin carrying a bird's nest with eggs m it. "You are a wicked boy," said the lady; "how could von rob that not! No doubt the poor mother'is now grieving for the loss of her eggs." "Oh, she don't care," said the bov, edging away, "she's on your bat!" Kot Necessary to the Cure.—"I can't make out the last part et this prescription," said the chemist's new asatrihnt. "Neva mind that," re plied the chemist "That's only a private mark of the doctor's to indicate the financial standing of the patient, so that I can know how much to charge him for the medicine." A letter received by an old-established firm ran thus:—"Gentlemen, whercfor have you not sent mee the sope? His it bekawse you think mi tr.oni is not has good as anywun else's? Please tend the sope et wans and oblidge your respectful servant, Richard Jones. P.S.—SinSe writing above mi ■wife has found the eope under the counter." 