Stray Notes. The working man never has so many 'friends' as he has about election time. He is the hero of THK POOH the time; the lever working man. that uu-ves the uni verse. His interests are paramount, so say the Government men who, however fail to recognise that the working man is being educated to see through their little schemes. Workers ought to take candidates on their political career, or if they have none, on the career of the men the aforesaid candidates follow. We would like to ask what working men have to gain by supporting men who say follow Dickson. His hand has ever been lifted against the worker. He is a boomster of the worst type, who places humanity in a very inferior position as compared with^ mammon. He is the man who at Belmont in 1896 counselled working men to accept 10s. a week and rations, and who subse quently demonstrated sufficiency of the amount, and emphasised his opinion of the white worker by illegally employing a kanaka 3gainstlheiaffiat£omethingJike the same-wage, and^wasiiauled up to the police court and fined. Speaking at Cleveland about the same date he said 'he trusfcej the new Parliament '^uld'compriseniusiness^ -men- jw%e-B«^fHte0d-4?a8ine.s8 andhadbeen successful business men.' Following up this, John Cameron, who was Dickson's chairman, declared that it was owing to Dickson's action after his return from England that the sugar industry revived, for he was the initiator of the movement .which led to the re- introduction of kanakas ! Dickson, too, in accusing the Nelson Government of 'a paltry weakness and uneasiness in bringing forward their measures,' quarrelled also with them for introducing the Shops Early Closing Bill, which he considered 'an unnecessary in terference with the rights and liberties of the small shop-keeper— an absurdity which could only emanate from legal minds who thought that business could be regulated and surrounded by cast iron bands, and that shops can be closed at 6 p.m.' Can a man holding such opinions possibly have any sympathy with the rank and file who have to earn their bread by the sweat of their brow ? Dickson has always been an opponent of labour ; he lias consistently been a tick living on the blood of the worker. All the electors remember that in supporting any man who supports Dickson they are robbing themselves and doing an injury to their class. * # # The visit of the Victorian Chief Secre tary and Minister for Education (Hon. A. J. Peacock), toQueens oomi'ULSOHY land is opportune in KAIU/V closing.' view of the endea vour that is being made by M' Master and others to prove that compulsory early closing is anoufr'age on the liberties of the shop keepers ; that voluntary action will accomplish all that is required. He has shown that the ex perience in Victoria was the same as that of Queensland until the Government stepped in and interfered. There was no humbugging there as there has been here, and the results have been injurious to none and beneficial to all. In an interview with the Observer, Peacock declared the intention of his Government to extend the usefulness of the act in force there which, . as it if, makes compulsory provision for a half -h- iliday for every employee in every shop each week, limits the hours of labour according to the nature of the trade, allows no shop, unless it be a restaurant to keep open later than 7 p.m. on ordinary days and 10 p.m on Saturdays, while a minimum rate of wages has been- fixed in the cloth ing, furniture, boot and bakery trades. What a long way Queensland is behind even Victoria ! With the experience of Victoria and the other colonies, the Queensland Government is actually afraid to attempt compulsory closing. Dickson in fact declares it to )w an interference with the lil-erties of the small shop keepers, and 'an absurdity, the emanation of the legal mind, which would seek to restrict business by cast iron bands !' On the other hand Victoria intends to extend the principle of her already stringent and far reaching Act. The compulsory half holiday and early closing has worked satisfactorily, says Peacock, and with regard to fixing the rate of wages, he says the result has been that wages have increased. Summing up the operation of the Victorian Act generally, Peacock told the Observer man 'as far as the city of Melbourne is concerned the honest man is protected, whereas [under the old system, against his will he was being compelled to reduce his ptices to compete with the other man.' That is exactly what we have been saying for years, and what M 'Master and his crowd (including Dickson) have been combatting. What has worked so well in Victoria and other colonies would not press harshly on the people in Queensland. * * * Peacock, ' the man with the laugh,' from Victoria, was in Brisbane during the week. His chief interest for sthoxc l'uoor. us lies in the fact that he ws-jS the most in strumental in passing the Victorian Shops and Factories Act — 'the most advanced and Democratic legislation existing in any British country/' as he himself puts it. Listen to this, DieksonBulcockContinu ( ms Government. His testimony comes at an appropriate time. To an interviewer he said that the system of voluntary half 4ioHdayfi-was-tried4n-Vietoria^i)ut owing to its failurejthe Government, stepped in and made it compulsory. In the same Act p^l8JOjrl8^^nTa^e~tQr^eal'with sweatT 4ng. Employer and-Cmployed- ttre-constb ? tuted a board to draw up a log, which, when approved by the Chief Secretary {who is Peacock) becomes the recognised standard of wages to be paid in that particular trade. We are told that these things cannot be regulated, yet here we have the testimony of one of the leading men of the Victorian Government that, though there were some difficulties, this 'most advanced and De mocratic legislation' is working well. And he is (toiwj to enlarge tlic scope of its v.»c fulness. A meeting of master grocers was held last week in the Brisbane Traders' Associa tion room. The &ub-; up to his neck ject under discussion in it. was the half-holiday to shop assistants. John M 'Master was in great fettle, and made apolitical speech strongly opposing legislation. With great gusto, he said the voluntary movement was working very satisfactorily. Scarcely had M 'Master ceased speaking, when a deputation from the newly-formed Grocers' Assistants' Union put in an appearance. By-J he-way, this union owns its origination to a viola tion of the half-holiday movement by some Brisbane grocers, which is a fact very much at variance with. M'Master's puff and blow. The deputation of the grocers' as sistants admitted I to the meeting consisted of J. Scott, President ; Labour Member Frank M'Donnell, Viee-Presideift ; J. Baird, Secretary, and three '? other members of the Assistants' Union. When M-Miister saw^Frank McDonnell be must have felt like taking a fit, as the deputation immediately proceeded to show how the voluntary movement was a failure, and to clinch the argument a document bearing the signatures of over 150 Brisbane grocers, stating that legislation was re quired, was submitted. The men's Union asked the Brisbane grocers to co-operate with them in securing the desired legisla tion. No definite answer was, however, given to the representatives of the grocers' assistants. But this was afterwards elicited from one of the master grocers, who is also an executive officer of their Association, that the meeting was called really for the purpose of opposing -he legislation which would protect the assist ants. Also that M'Master was up to his neck in it. Sixty-thousand persons in one day, in Paris, pay their respects to the body of the late President of the French Republic. It is expected that if no one else opposes Johnny Leahy for the Bui loo his brother Pat. will resign the returning officership for the purpose of contesting the seat with the King of Thargo. LtuocH Member Hughes, of N.S.W., in the Assembly had the extreme felicity of telling Premier Reid that that gentleman would have b en «. great statesman if he had been l-orn dumb, but the ghosts of his dead 'speeches 'were continually rising up to challenge him. The same remark applies to other great Australian politicians, for instance our own Jack Annear. The deputation appointed by the Bris bane master grocers to wait on a trader who had seceded from the movement, have reported that they were unable to induce the seceder to alter his determination, and that other grocers had signified their in tention -of giving up the observance of the half -holiday. That's why legislation is wanted, John M'Master ! Some one has been supplying the Tc/c f/raph with a Tozerian account of what took place at Lilley's meeting at Taringa ? on Monday night last. The facts are that Lilley was asked by an elector present ' if the party he was associated with was not returned strong enough, would he be pre pared to work with the recognised Labour Opposition, and follow the leadership of the recognised leader of that party, Mr. Glassey ?' Lilley replied, ' I will not fol low the leadership of Mr. Glassey, and I have not become so insane as to support the insane 41 plank platform of the Labour Party.' After this insulting reply, Labour Member Frank M'Donnell took up the cudgels for Labour, by asking Mr. Lilley to explain what he meant. But the late Progressive Reform vice-president was not man enough, and between his friends and Grimes1 barrackers, who were present, Mr. M'Donnell was denied a hearing, although he claimed it as an elector of Oxley. Rather than answer a fair ques tion, Mr. Lilley scooted in a hurry to catch the train. 