Literary. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "The Ipane," by R. B. Cunninghame Grahame (T. Fisher Unwin).—With this volume Mr. T. Fisher Unwin commences a new series, entitled "The Overseas Li- brary," with the object of procuring " de script tons of colonial life true to the «peoial local colour and atmosphere of the district, and of finding witters who may crcarte ar> Helically truthful pictures of their surround ings." It is decidedly a good move In the right direction, -and, provided that Mr. Un wln adhereß to his expressed intention of accepting stories only on their literary merit, it should do more to foumdln-g a colonial literature than any previous effort on the part of an Bngffeh publisher. iContrtbu I iona, with this understanding, are " cordially 1« \--vlted," and there is no doufbt that the inno vation wttl meet with a gratifying reception from writers and. readers alike. The editor of the"" Obrary" could not have done bet ter than he has in choosing Mr. Cunnlng hame Grfeh&me;'s boo* as the first of the series. It is an extremely readable collec tion of short stories a.nd sketches dealing with life in the South American States, Mexico, the tVest Coa&t; of Africa, Ice land and other places. A large order, truly. but they all leave the impression that they, have been written by a man wbo has been there, and that they are " artistically true" pictures of the different modes of existence depleted. Mr. Cunninghatne Grahame has a " cheerfully profane" atyle which suits his stories exceeding well. There is no attempt at character drawing or dramatic situations in them. They are Just of tbe kind whicn one hear? round camp fires, or in clubrooms. • and which are always intensely interesting to those who have any Bvnrp'tcrms of the "go fever." They, one and all. give scwue idea of the wldenes3 of the world to those who stay at home etfther from inclination or necessity. This collcciion, therefore, should be heartily welcomed by all readers. wh?ther they be of England or of the IDnrpire. "When tbe Mopoke Calls." by V.'illiim S. Walker (John Long).—ißefore this b.->rk ap peared -the author v,as excensivolv para graphed as the nephew of Rolf Boldrcwood. as if the relationship to the author of " Rob bery Under Arms" was in itself a r:com mendntiou. It .was calcul^e*! to make any one Pght any of a man who did not seem strong enough to gain a footing in the arena of literature on his own merit. "But th<» couiso pursued was hardly a diplomatic one. '• When the Mopoke Calls" is well worth reading on account of the local colour por trayed in the twenty odd. stories ami sketches between it* covers. They all doal with Australian subjects, and most of. them' treat of bush life. The book' mates no pretence to literary merit as .far as style and wealth of language goes, but caen •ketch i 8 told straightforwardly in words which are sometimes simple and occasion ally turgid. The author is certainly at his beet in his lighter moments. The heavy tragedy of one or two of the tales i 6 not at all convincing, and here and there it is oven inartistic. But his descriptions are distinctly good,, and the humorous side of bush life is presented very wittily. The nest and second sketches deal with the troubles of a Jackeroo, and the picture drawn of the raw young englishman and the mistakes he was wont to make are de cidedly comical. Some pt the tales are of the old days, when bushrangers " stuck up' stations and shot down shepherds—tales calculated to giveil a somewhat wrong Im pression to readers of the took in England. Others again treat of the ghostly side of Australia, although the country is too young at present to have any reliable ghost stories. In each of the sketches tfliere Is something to attract, and, provided that the reader does sot look for anything extraordinarily bril .Mant, he should be quite content to spend an hour or two pleasantly enough over Its perusal. '' • :* ■ '■!: '•''•' "My Only Murder," by Brnes* Ftewene (George Robertson and 00/>.-<Motft of the Lies in this oolleotton of etoor* stories have a tatnMiar ring, and have douWles* been pufe- Hsfeett before in various pufoMosftwns in tnie dsudinr. n*ey all sound a more or less diß tfedtfty AKBtnftan note, and there is ijome mertt evidenced in their composition. (Many of them are rtftjtat enough, built round an or. «oary ineWenft of bush Hfe, and some of «jtem are tumonws. Mr. Favenc has of late years dropped «w»y somewhat from tie mAiUc oase, and his reappearance Into arena to graJttfytng.' Australian prose writ em are, as yet. too few in numtoer t» allow of any defetfttens from their ranks^and a pi^dttoed Hum is bound toJ>e ««"?*•» °* the storioii in Mr. Favenc's tookiAe^"• •• IA TM© of Vandertln island, ' O«f!*« Ofttfhnun," and " The New Super of OaWey Dtowtie," While others approach them fairly dbse. None of them are rem»rk!slo»e for. any brilliancy, but they are retodeJble^novgh. Mr Favenc b*s a vein of humour wfttch n» uses wMh good effect in half of **• J»Ha£. Hon * least, and he does not in any of taem s^nTtheliooal oolotar which is a*w»ye »«« ssry In tales such as bis. -The North Shore Mystery." by HiWJ FletAer (George Bobertson and-Co.).- AAistrallan literature must be progressing (avoursMy when a detecUve story can be •volved dealing entirely with an Auatral»an wjJtrtett, wKbouft, any ou«s|de a«. The iuSolr is Attefcrallan, the inci dents are likeirtse so, and the environment is no fnrther away than the city of the BeautifiA Kaitwur. Truth compels the admhrton that there to not much *^"** 1®0 in the stary -beyond the fact that it Is dis tinctively Australian. Just when t»^de-:ec ttve iourest is «trong««t »nd e^«^?*y la working on the wrong clue, the author breaks off to describe events which hap pened lons [before the murder which cOfi stHutes the " T^orth Bhore Mystery." O&* Uinly these events all lead up to the final denouement, but too much time bad *par;e seems to be spent on them, and more than that, they require two different *»ts of characters— always fatal to the continuous interest of a story. Still, the plot, is in geniously worked out. and doubtless will prove readable to a larg* section o£ the reading public in the colonies. . : "Poems," by Charles Harpur (Wllllain Dymock).-«eaders of Australian literature are apt to forget that a singer once lived in this country whose contribution* to poetry were sufficient to form a volume not inconsiderable in extent. Charles Harpur belongs entirely to the old school. Born at the beginning of the century, his work was done and he himself dead before the youngerdwle of tAtastrallan barns were yet out of their teens-Jfietore some of them were even born. His verse is not charac terised by any extraordinary spark of genius. It is, in the main, the work of a man with a poetic Instinct semi-developed, and Influenced largely by the spell of the bush. He indulges largely in blank verse —almost a lost art nowadays in this country. Hts work strikes one as being carefully and patiintly prepared, and his quasi olasstcal education has enabled farm to draw many parallels and examples from the old masters. His book is one, to use an oft-quoted trade phrase, without which no collection of the works of Australian authors would be complete. " Departmental Ditties," by Rudyard Kip ling (George Newnes. Limited).—lt has come at last. For the past few months the sixr penny editions have been Increasing In num ber, and the authors have been taken from successive grades approaching nearer to the top of the hill until now Kipling himself has joined their ranks. Certainly the book published is one of the lesser known works from his pen, and one which he himself characterised in the " Idler" as " My First Book," but it contains some of h<6 brightest and snappiest poemß. The majority of them deal with the lighter side of Anglo-Indian j life, but there U one, " T(he Galley Slave," which will be appreciated Jjy all countries. Kipling, when he wrote the " Ditties." was an Indian .journalist, and it was not .until . after the London boom was at its height his book began to be sought after. Now. adaya the first edition, " the little brown baby with a pink string round its middle," is hardly to be had for love or money. The hook is an excellent one—that goes without saying, and should in its present form meet with a splendid reception. " The Sign cf Four," by A. Ccnan Doyle (George Newnes, Limited). —The sixpenny edition of Or. Conan Co.lea unapproach-.il and unapproachable dete>ative stork 3' si I continues. " The SUn of Four" is one of the longer stories abcut the wily and astute Stiettock Holmes, who bflilt up whole chaics of evidence from a pinch of cigar ash cr a piece of mud. ' The plot Is much the same as may be found In ncar'y all tns " Adven tures" cr the "Memoirs" —the committal cf a~ crime, the perpetrators of which hx\e left absolutely no duee great enough to ut tract the attention of the " gemlejian fron Bcorland Yard," and the sub?cqu?nt sveess •ml unravelling of the tangle by the ruyc terious resident of Baker-street. But nece - sarily, as the book is longer than his cr dinary short story, the author has added a food deal more detail which adds material ly to the fascination. Bven with t*m the ' stiory considered 'as a novel Jlm a short ©ne, but It has the recomtnendeifion of iking «^a-': f inently satisfying throughout. . . , i " The Impregnaole Rook of Holy' Scrip ture," by the Right Hon. W. E. Gladtlopc (George Newnes Limited).—This sixpenny edition of one of " the Grand Old Stan's" many adventures into the controversial arena is useful not so much on aooount.of Its intrinsic merit as on account of its value as an example of the way In 'which Mr. Gladstone took up subjects of the .'widest diversity. It .'is an attempt to Justify the Book of Books as an inspired and conse quently correct work against the attacks pf modern, science . and. unbelief.* The amount of reading Mr. Gladstone must have done to get his materials into the shape he did must have been something stupen dous—there is no other word for i^ The book was first published in 1890, while Uie Liberal leader was still the foremost figure in English politics, and its publication was only another Instance of his marvellous and unresting mental activity. It is admitted that he was wont to allow his enthusiasm to run away with his reason, but none the less a book such as the one under discusnion has many points to recommend it. "The Pall Mall Magazine" for May.—The "Pall Matt" has seldom had a belter col lection of short stories than appear this month. 'Mr. W. L. Alden has one of his quaintly humorous tales, entitled " The Los* Torpedo;" wherein are related the doings of a retired sen captain' with a passion for in vention. There is a pathetic Httle sketch toy John Foster Praser, drawing a contrast be tween the joys of domesticity and at the in" : tellectual life from a woman's point of view, j mudh to the detriment of the latter. A j weird story by Laurence Housmann it made *tIH more eerie by the fantastic illustration* toy S. H. State, who likewise contributes the sketches for G. S. gfcreet's causerie, " Prom a j 'London Attic." The rest of the flotlonal element is of a very high standard, and the general reading matter is as ' attractive. T4"ken altogether tihe present number of the periodical may be set down as the strongest issued for some considerable tfme past. "The Bn-gfMvwoman."— Wbe April num ber of tnla -woman's (magazine has one arti cle in it worth noting as evidence of pro gress—a most readable pap>f' on " Our .Morning Paper," rather after the method ihe "Windsor" or the "Strand" have of treating a subject. Harold Bindlosa? who writes really good stories sontdtrmes, has a Canadian feketch called -"Urs. Stirling or Somas iLake," which is. acceptable on ac oount of Its iooal colouring. The rest of Che contents WU are of the ordinary stamp, and nothing calls for any special mention. The number Is much as usual, and thes 'Mtegta* fcratton (Department for Bducated Ladles Seeking tifcaptagrment" fci evidently becom ing a strong feature. Th« proprietors have not yet added .the matrimonial agency necessary to conplete 'Jbe acbetne. T— "Bt. Nicholas."--It is not often that Jhls best of children's maeasines ■ caljs for a note of protect. Bat "St. Nicholas" is. so uniformly good that any slight falling off Js mu«h more noticeable than in any ordinal y case, »»The current : number is not quite up to the standard, although H would be hard to say exactly where it fails. It is perhaps in the repetition of ■ the line "To be continued." One., story is more than enough for children to re member frdm month to month, but whc«i k comes to two or three, or even moro, it is. to be feared that the little heads will become sadly muddled. The-best of the short stories from a youngster's point of view is one by PouUeney BJgslowr, ea tftled " Lost la Buasia." 'Bto* is also, a wry interesting article on " Fire-making." and the devices used by uncivilised people for getting flre. "The United States of Europe," by V}. T. Stead (" Review of Reviews").—Whatever else Mr. Stead may be, there is no denying that he is an enthusiast. Whenever he takes up a subject he does it thoroughly. He it was who journeyed to St. Petersburg to see the Tsar of all the Russia*, and interview him as to his opinions on and reasons for the "Peace Conference. Mr. Stead is now an ardent advocate " Towards the Federation of the 'World," and his book is written in support of this. X makes extremely in teresting reading, and though sometimes he becomes a little too eager for logic, the famous editor of " The Review of Reviews" is always worth attention. 'His book should prove most acceptable now, with the Peace Conference at the Hague just begun, and the whole world waiting for the result of its deliberations. " Numerous Maps aud Illustrations" intensify the attractiveness of the publication. "The LWst life," "by W. Kaig Philp (A. J. Ross, Brisbane).—According to the title page this 'book is an account of "the .evolu tion of man, 'the mere animal being of the earlier millenriarlea into the higher and bap pier conditions of true human existence." It Is a semi- rcttigdoua, semi-philosophical work, and its argumenitis are somewhat too obscure to be followed clearly to the deduc tions the anchor seems desirous of drawing. " In our book," he says in an explanatory note, V we ■ try to show that no thoughtful and thoroughly disinterested study can ever fall In showing us that; the true and actual conditions of tihe human constUution. are utterly «t variance, and quite Incompatible with man's present theory of bis own life." It is a 'boole for a specialist, not for the general reader. ," flrat Italian Course," 'by Dr. William Bmitih (John (Murray).—(Most men remember the black covers and red-edged leavea of the " Privcipia Latina" which guided their ftntt tottering steps tin to the realms- of' the classics. Sir William Smith ba<r not de parted from that slcyle in ithis present work, cf wfoicth this 'is the sixth edition, thor oughly revised to date. The " Princrpla La tioaii~was an eiasy book <to learn from, therefore one may rest assured 'that (he Italian " Princtpia" is <the same. " n lustra ted Me <hod of Learn leg or Teach ing Fiench," "by EdV. Perter (WilHam Brooke and Co.).—i This little pamphlet Is an at- I tempt to introduce a new system both of j teaching and learning French, by translating direct without the preMnririary grinding through grammars and exercises. It Is In some ways an approach to the conversational method, where a child 'is given a French nurSe and pfeks up the language from her. Bueii a system Iras many points of superiority over the usual school method. " The Geographical Journal 'and Tear Book/—There is always some intensely in- tereating reading matter In the monthly periodical issued by the Royal Geographical Society. It include* usually pome accounts of scientific exploration in the, less, .known parts of the world, and which sometimes fascinate and ace always acceptable. Tbe Year Book for 189? 'gives, a short history of the founding of the society, the byrlaws and charter, a list of tbe members, and much other useful infbrjnation as to the admlnls tratlou of the affairs of the institution. " Prom the Peasant's Settre to the Throne of Literary Supremacy, being Glimpses df thy CJarcer of 'fbomias C«rlyle(w4tto*acknowled<t ments (o Proude, his biographer)," by the Rev. James Henderson. (George Robertson and Co.).—The title, which in some way is reminiscent of tbe books of a century or so ago, explains the message this little pamph let has to deliver. In it are contained mere ly some of the more interesting incidents of Carlyle's life culled from the more extensive works on bis life and work. 