THE FATHER'S MANIFESTATION. By W. GARRETT HORDER. ' If ye, then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit.— Luke XL, 13 (A.V.) iiim wnoin tne r attier sanctified (con secrated) and sent into the world.— John x, 36 (R.V.) (Concluded from last week.)-- THE DOUBLE MANIFESTATION. Now I would like to show, farther, that one of these manifestations is not suffi cient; that. bo:li are needed to draw us to the true Father of our souls — the Spirit working within, the Christ visible to our eyes. If I may use such phrases, we need a subjective and an objective manifesta tion of God to know Him as a Father. Each brings lis own element. They are compl mentary the one to the other. The Spirit speaks through conscience. Conscience is the organ of God in the human souL Its voice is. Imperative. Concerning the right it says) "Do. " Con cerning the -wrong it says "Don't." All the morality of the world, I believe, is due to the spirit of God in the souls of men; all the immorality to disobedience of that Spirit. It is the light that light- eneth every man that cometh into the world. To man in all ages 'and in all lands this light comes Which reveals the way in which men' should walk, fey 'all this voice is heard, with its" Imperative word. And this reveals one side of the Father's nature — that of the ruler, for. Re member thai ruling is a part, of a Father's work." And we need to know God on this side of His nature. God does, thus give us His Spirit. We all know it. We are all conscious of His working within. Without this vwe ghpuld be like rudderless vessels, or sailors with out a compass. We are'not. ..On. all ques tions of right and wrong we know. , On matters intellectual, artistic, political, we have to grope after knowledge, "but' fn the moral realm we know at once where duty lies. Why? Because here God utters Himself by His Spirit. I am as certain of God's Spirit within as I am of my own existence. But where men have had only this, they have not reached to . the idea of Fatherhood in God. They have only reached to one side of it — to the side of the Ruler in the Fatherly nature. There has been no warmth of. love — there has been the sense of duty, but hot of affec tion. If God bad only been revealed thus within our souls we might have been di rected to the right way; but we should have walked it only under compulsion— slave-like, not son-like. Look out upon men where Christ has not been made known, and you will find them without the glow of love to God. Even in the noblest men there has been more of mor ality than of religion— light without warmth. Read the writings of the great est of the Greeks or Romans — their purest and best— and then pass to the writings of St. Paul, and it will be like passing from the Arctic to the tropical, regions. Without the Christ men may see the way they should take, and sometimes take it, but as a duty, not a privilege. Their feet may move along the road, but only be cause they must; not with the gladness and buoyancy which love quickens. If morality were enough, then an inward Spirit, working in the heart would suffice, but if men want a religion there must be an unfolding of love to give It birth. If it were enough to serve God as mere Ruler, then the word of duty through the Spirit moving. wi:hin would be enough, but if we would serve God as Father, serve Him as son, then His love must be made known. Here comes in the other passage before us, which tells of the Father sending the Son, tbe Son of His bosom, and so revealing that which is deepest ih His Fatherly nature. Christ is the Revealer of the heart of God. And that is what we meet need to know. All other things lie on the surface— this is at the very centre. We all crave to know how God feels towards us. Christ an swers that craving. "God so loved that He gave." "Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us, and gave His son to be the propitiation for our sins." This is the central matter in the Christ. This was the new element He brought into the world. His moral teaching could be gathered out of the work.s of previous teachers. The ab solutely new thing He did was to present the inspiration to such morality by un veiling the great redeeming heart of God. Matthew Arnold once described religion as "morality touched with emotion." The world had the morality; it was Christ who touched it with emotion by revealing in Himself a Father Who would walk with and talk with His children, who cannot be content till they respond to His Fatherly love. This was a hard thing to accomplish V ' for men have' always" inclined to - the; ' sterner idea- of God.: The' religions' of the, \- world show that they represent a -despot/ or a fate, rather than a Father. "Nothing' is "so difficult as to make, jnen believe" in the love of God. Men more easily Jie- lieve in the love of their feUow- men.than of God. Their natural tendency is ex pressed in the cry of Israel - to Moses, "Speak- thou to us, let not- God speak to us lest we die." They; could trust Moseb, but they could not trust God. Being so difficult— the human messen gers having failed— the cry was heard, "I will send them my beloved Son, it may be they will reverence Him when they see. Him." The sending of the Son is a stupendous idea," But then the; necessity for it— the work to be done by it— was stupendous— it turns hearts of .stone to hearts, of flesh. . How. could that- be done save by pr esenti n glove in its most mov- ' ing form? Arid how can Ipve show itself save by life? . . Shining out of a human face, trembling in human ..words, appeal ing to deeds of pity, " reaching its climax in the bowed "Head of the cross; :What means less-thari these could be 'effectual to so great a task? Arid so there runs down the ages the great declaration, "He that spared not His- own. Son,- but freely gave Him up for us all; will He not with Him freely give us all things?" That great fact has awakened, the .be lief in the Fatherhood' of .God/T-o jt we owe the great conviction by which the world will yet be redeemed. And that must ever- remain its foundation. Let it slip, and men will sooner or later revert to the thought of God as mere Ruler or Judge, and the light will die out of their heaven and leave their lives in darkness. Robert Browning touches the very heart of the matter in his great poem, Saul, which thus concludes— 'Tis the weakness in strength that I cry for, my flesh that I seek ' In the Godhead! I seek and I find it. O, soul, it shall be, . _ „ A Face like my face that receives thee a Man like to me; Thou 6halt love and be loved by, for ever; a Hand like this hand - .' ' Shall throw open the gates of new life to thee! See the Christ stand. - And so the whole creed of " the Church is in essence contained in the great Bene diction: "The grace- of our Lord Jesus Christ, "arid the love of God and the fel lowship of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." — 