A NEW NERO. CHAPTER XIV, (Contined.) A REALISTIC ROMANCE DI EDGAR FAWCETT, AUTHOR OF "An Ambitious Woman,” "The Evil that Men Do.” Etc. “And has she made to you,” 1 boldly in quired, “certain insolent statements regard ing myeslf? "She’s always making insolent statements regarding everybody,' 1 he answered. “X think X know what you mean, Harold. If 1 wore you I would not give her nonsensical bable a further thought. Dr. Kneeland says the same thing. WcVe agreed that she ought to bo put into a btraightjaeket." But this did not suit me, 1 had taken tho bull by both horns, and my grasp was not to bo relinquished. Edna's barb had power to hurt, and there was only one mode of ex tracting it. Tliis, and a good deal more than this, I said with much vehemence to Angus and Dr. Kneeland. I also said it, unless I am greatly mistaken, with just the neat com bination of sorrow and anger whfeh my sup posed position of one assaulted by libellous rancor made natural. I refused to take ray meals elsewhere than in my own room, and declared that I would never again address mv cousin, and that, oven provided she were willing to accord me an apology for her sick ening falsehood, I would not accept it. What X demanded was an autopsy, and this, before tho funeral, I must have. Dr. Kneeland, though absolutely endors ing tho stand which I took, strove to dissuade mo from it. Angus, plainly bored by the whole contest, suppressed his sarcastic smiles and fhid nothing except now and then to grumble that Edna, had behaved like the little imp of Satan (hat she was. Edna her self wont about tho house with tossed-baok head and obdurate carriage. Miss Eams dcll met mo in tho lower hall that same evening, and hurriedly whispered : “She's told me what she’s dared to state. Now you know the fiend’ that she is. She stole into tho room as a spy. She was burn ing with jealousy of you because she thought her father had grown too fond of you. All Hhc dares to say (the little demon!) is that she saw your right arm make a peculiar mo tion. It's a wonder she doesn’t say that the <rlaea of the dressing-table reflected much more than that to her, while she slipped in behind you from the sittingroom. This, this is Edna Mounlstuart! This is the scor pion in woman’s form of whose venomous acts I told yon. But you surely will not let her play yon with impunity her scurvy tricks, You’Ll meet her front to front (Tliopc so with all my soul!) and show her that she has met her match.” , “Never fear,” I responded. ‘‘Trust me, ' Miss Ramsdell, when I tell you that I shall try very hard to show her she has met her match." And assuredly I did try. Not without avail, too, as it soon seemed to me. The next morning Dr. Kneeland had succeeded in getting two other physicians to Graydon Hall, and behind closed doors the autopsy took place. I spent this time in slowly pacing the floor of my own room. Self-blame really disturbed me more than dread ; I felt almost callable of chopping off the right hand which had so stupidly omitted the simple turning of a key in a lock before it emptied that murderous fluid into the glass. , Bub fear played no' slight part in my mood. Dr. Kneeland had promised to knock at my door with bis tid ings as to tho verdict of himself and his col leagues ; and now, while the interval of wait ing grew longer and longer, I found that anxiety deepened more and more. Surely it would need the more practised of toxicolo gists to dare make a certain declaration ; but then the unexpected might happen (why not?) and if it did, how should I he able to preserve n guiltless demeanor when informed of damning discoveries ? One strange fact regarding my own nature now transpired tome. I was not quite tliO| icy being I had believed myself. If I could not love, X assuredly could hate. Fear and hate—these were two emotion's that might at least ho called human. As I now thought of Edna my nboinination of her seemed boundless. I imagined all sorts of tortures to which I could with delight subject her. Curiously enough, among other fancies, I dwelt upon that of watching her with all four limbs cut off, and said to myself that there would bo keen joy in holding a vigil at her side while she lay a bleeding stump and beg ged from mo the mercy of a death-stroke. ( It did not at all surprise mo that I should feel no shadow of compunction in contempla ting such agony as tliis ; for had I not looked upon her cousin Blanche with perfect calm ness while she writhed in the worst of phy sical pain, conscious at the time that every throe which beset her was most probably of my own creation, and realising as well, that the unique act of cruelty by which I had j sought to kill her was committed upon one who loved mo with a beautiful and trustful love? .Surely fiendishness could go no fur ther than this, and I was well aware that any mob of my fellow-creatures, cognisant of ray behavior toward Blanche, would have been apt to lynch me at the nearest tree or lamp-post, even if they did not tear mo to pieces on first having clutched me in their grasp. But the horrors of my conduct with regard to Blanche were wholly apart from hate. I used to tell myself that if I had been like others I would have cared for her, pitied her, felt eager to shield her from the faintest harm. My feelings for the girl had been a blank, a nullity ; I bad neither liked ror disliked her. She was simply an im pediment in my path toward wealth, and as such I Ind destroyed her with no more re gret or satisfaction than if she had been an ant or a fly. But now I was immersed in a totally different tide of experience. The power of hate thrilled me by its height and depth. Yes, 11 ns, in all its atrocious magni tude, was at least human. Ultra-human, in one sense, it might be. but doubtless it par took of something really vital, and was not tho mere glacial torpor by which I had now for years boasted that all my sensibilities were stolidly ensheathed. “What if this furious force of detestation,” I I hero found myself muffing, “should be a| monition of some other correspondent capa city. undreamed of before? What if this tremendous receptivity to hate should pre suppose and prophesy an equal receptivity the way of love?” Love? It seemed absurd for mo to dream of such a mental condition. And yet, if one hidden doorway of tho soul had suddenly been disclosed to me, why should not ano ther some day reveal itself in the same un foreseen fashion ? Through all the fret and stir of my present misgivings and forebod-j ings, this’ question oddly thrust an appeal. 1 ItVas haunting me when tho awaited knock sounded. _ ' i I sprang forward-, admitting Dr. Kneeland. “Well ?” I queried, the instant wo were face to face, ■ ’It is just as I 'believed, Mr. Mount sfcuart,” ho informed me. “Our examination has proved the presence of nicotine in your uncle’s body. Both the lungs and heart have suffered in marked degree from life long and excessive misuse of tobacco. The stomach and intestines also exhibit traces of a' poison ing which must have gone on for years. Bub there, is no sign of his having died from any other direct and immediate cautto that the cerebral paralysis whose effects I at once per ceived.” . , _ A i>ang of triumph shot through me, but! remained ouhvardV verv tranquil. “And so doctor,” I said, “this medical decision crushes! Edna's affirmation ?” “Annihilatindy—of course. But you should never have heeded'it” Indeed, it wffe not an affirmation ; it was' only .a mean and cruel in nuendo. But her Httle dagger Tias been blunted. She can use it no more ; she would not dare.” OHAPTEB XV. I had gained; my victory, but TiCliOPO’ not lo revel in it. Front then until I loft Grar dou HaU, three days after the funeral, T hud a longing that Edna- would seek to offer me some sort of npologv., wishing to cast such an overture back in her teeth with contemp tuous rebuttal.' To my: dfeepnointment, how ever. >he deported herself withim air'.'ofTlie most frigid reserve. I pretended to be dig njficdly content with my quiet conquest, and t.old Angus (feeling sure he would repeat tho words to his sister) that X desired only to escape as soon ns decency premitted from, the roof which sheltered :so scurrilous a vixen. At this Angus fell to begging me that T would stay on for at least a fftftnight. “1 know notliing about tho- management o{: thp es tate,” he said, “and couldn't have a better in*- structor than you; Of course this Is perfectly cokl-bloodcHl and selfish, but then I'm never anything else. % I couldn’t bo If I . tried.' t But my answer was firmly negative ; Angus, The Hall has grown, I confess, fear fully distasteful to mo.” ' 1 "Became she is here,” pouted Angus. ‘I to a good mind to tfcnd her up to London wit i her flaxen-haired fool of a governess, since her horror of ihy darling sndkos has eaused- her to swear she will not even set foot* within the grounds of Clccne Lodge*” ; , The will hud by this time been opened, and nearly everything had Been fouiid bequeathed to Angus, so that this tone of mastership w not wmpty bluster. Edna bad received butte small annuity, and had flown into one of her sulkiest rages, keeping shut forjiours at a time within her own apartments, "Sir, John Maursync, our London family solicitor,” I flow’ said to Angus, -*h<w written you stating that he will soon be here at the Hall. In every ws.y, Idtomo assure you, ho will prove a far wiser counsellor than I. At some future time 1 will visit you, my dear cousin, provided you consent that your sister shall bo absent while I am your guest. Persuasion could not ptevail with me. I quitted Graydon' before the arrival of Mau raync. Once back in London,'I found my self forced to see a number of inquiring friends. The mortality in our race had be gun to cause much remark. “It is almost without precedent,” said one commentator of niv own sex. “There is a cliance, ruiroul, that you will yourself become head of the family.” “Don’t speek of it!” I. returned with a shudder. “If I ever should inherit' it, it would be to tremble at ray own possible"fate. “You’re superstitious, then,” said my friend. He was a young officer, with a good recent record in Africa for nerve and pluck. “Not in the least, ray dear Sir Francis. But one lias dreams, fancies, fads." j '‘Bight—one has. I understand you. Every body would understand you. These things can’t be explained, somehow. They've like burrs ; they will stick. Or, bettor, Diiiyro like tho fleas in the Soudan.” Sir Francis Monntjoy threw’ back his blonde head with a laugh that showed his strong, white teeth. “Still, if you should really drift into Graydon Hall some day, ray defir Harold,” he wpnl one, “I’ll ask you to let me go down there and help you in the exorcism of its riiosts.” That winter in London was especially odi ous. The fogs began earlier than was their wont, and continued for weeks with a slug gish persistence that reminded one of the murky disposition, of my cousin Edna. Th > hat ml which I felt for her now and then; startled me. As I have repeatedly sta'jid in this clironicle of my dark deeds, iv morse w’as wholly aloof from my nature. The tradi tional dreams and nightmares of, the blood stained assassin never intruded upon my rest, -.j But dreams and nightmares which had to do I with my abhorrence of Edna now troubled | me in grisly legions. I saw her in many at titudes of open and insidious injury, some times advancing toward me with a knife (list maniacally menaced ink, sometimes dropping by stealth into my .food what I knew to be a furtive pinch of poison. -But blood-curdling enough was one dream that incessantly redup licatcd itself. I stood arraigned before a shadowy judge and jury in an immensely gloomy hall. Edna, pale as a spectre, loomed from the witness-box. In a droning voice she repeated the entire history of my crimes, not missing a single detail. Site' told how I had compassed the death of mv Uncle Mal colm, and a groan of,horror buret from the ghostly court. She told of my wily villainy to Egcrton, and Die same groan waxed louder still. She recounted mr awful assassin"' : : . of Blanche, end the groan beonmp a shivering wail of execration. Then, at last, she nar rated how I had slain Uncle Cecil, and, with a sharp yet might}’ shriek, (he whole assem blage rose, rushing toward me fs if to tsar mo in pieces. And I knew’ their inortal intenr. This was wlmtm'adc my nightmare so especially agonising and -caused me to wake from it in a clammy sweat, with my heart thumping rgainst my ribs. ' ' Slowly, and yet with distinct growing cer tainly, I now became aware that a most dc emivte change bad taken hold of me. At last X had reached a secure haven of resolve : mv futurfi course'of crime should bo abandoned. Yes, I would spare three .lives—those of Angus, of Edna, and of Glivk. T would throw to the winds all future dreams both’of gain and murder. The prize must be great, hut j the threat of risk was unendurable. Not that I had tinned a coward ; my coprege was j firm as over. But Edna’s attack, though re pulsed, had shown mfi one thing : tin's was (he decreased probability of my remaining undis covered in the commission of those three more deadly acts which were needed to em power me with the heirshin of Graydon. Four lives had already been oxtingliislred through my subtle and conscienceless craft. A monitor now rose within my spirit, odious as anv force of impulsion which liad ret swayed it. The name of this new deterrent motive was Prudence, I had Dyandotte, and a fairly liberal in come besides., i Life could give me, -from to day until the ‘day that T doparted from it.’ many real diversions and pastimes. ’ In mo was the zest of the scholar, and my library could feed this. In me wds the zest of Dio .scientist, and my laboratory oiuld sot this tingling, both through pleasure of application and study and through fervours of hopo to achieve there some novel and .startling result., On tho other hand, I might pursue the’ path wherein I had planted mv intrhpid end au dacious feet. But pitfalls and quicksandr might, in tho latter.case, lurk for me, while to accept, defeat yet exist at ease though with moderate moans would offer a prospect shorn of perils and also clad with comforts. There were moments when I sat in mv London chambers.and told myself that th > persistent and depressing fogs were alone re sponsible for this radical change of purpose. One morning, after a walk through Piccadilly, in which the almost inky gloom of tho atmos phere made me mistake tho Haytnarket for St. James’s street, I determined to seek Dyandotte and try Die effect of altered skies. That some evening I left London, and soon afterward greeted the surprised servants at my cheerful though modest little country estate. Two months of solitude now ensued for me, I strove to forgot ray liaunting hate of Edna, and with at least partial success. Often I would spend several hours at a time in my laboratory ; often I would pass as many hour? h\ my library, reading rather the modern acimitific volumes which I had myself caused to he sent down to me from London Dian the old-time historians, dramatists, and poete with whose works my father had long rgo stocked the bookshelves. Occasionally I would take long walks near Dte sea, watch ing it in all its mutable moods. Listless now and now turbulent, it for ever sang to me one song: “I am time made tangible, and yet I am eternity as well Thousands like you have gazed upon me, and in tho splendour or gloom of my breast are the fleshes of longing j or of despair with which their eyes have | watched me. Bomb day. I.will perish as they.' 1 have perished ; my lights and shadows will fade into nothingness as theirs have faded. This world is but e caprice, a whim of the vast chaos beyond it: Its death will he of no more import, in the enormous scheme of creation than tho withering of tho tiniest; grass- blade. Hearken to my murmurs, and interpret them aright. They do not tell you ;j the secret of the Sphinx, for she had no se-; cret to impart. She cast herself into mv; depths because she had pretended to a wis dom beyond that of the fabled gods whose kin sb|e boasted to be. She had nothing to tell, for she knew nothing, and, more than all, sho know there was nothing to know.: The riddle of Die universe is answerable but in' one way ; If Eternity were alive and con scious, wliich it is nob, Nature would he its blended smile and frown, and Man would be its sneer.” I strove to feel contented with my new surrender of a half-accomplished design. But now and then angry ambition would pluck me by tho sleeve. She camo to -me like n dark winged angel, emissary of Satm, the dews of hell on thh snaky dusk of her hair. She cried “shame” in my ears, and.mockcdme for infirm of purpose, as tho weak Than© Of Caw dor’s hardier wife mocks him in tho plav.^’t; such times I felt self-rebulte gnaw mv befit: as other men might- have felt the wounding. tooth of remorse. Then again would come scornful rebellion against such persuasions. Was X a mad' fool to tempt fate still more boldly? Had I not heard Ker warning sound through oil ray senses, and would not X do-; serve, If X failed to heed it. that very igno miny of tho scaffold toward which her finger had seemed to point? No; I would par satiric deference to those powers of the air which I had pn<?e despised. I would ponish myself for my own unpardonable blunder. “Let well rilorie,” runs the popular phrase ; I would-let ill alone. Discretion, they, say, is Hie better part of valor; I would; prove it also the warier eicte of sin. . , And vot the stress of circumstance was all j this while, destined to sweep awav .my in- i tent. Oddly enough, I had of late been studying the character and composition of curtain excessively powerful no. doubt because of my recent acquaintance ship with mcotino and the spirit of fascina ted: Inquiry wliich tliis begot! Banged bn a shelf in nly ! laboratory were'.sovend bottles' of these destructive fluids, one - or two of which I had prepared with-fdoyed Jiando, It is possible .thatr in calling forth such noxious potencies from their sleep amid the complex arcanum of nature I had been stirred by dimly personal - motives. Edna's accusations had set. me thinking. . There bad been criminals who believed every trace of < their crimes buried beyond nil chbnce of exhumation, and yet. whO ;had wiiked, sonic , morning to find the shadows of disgrace and death bathing them in twofold gloom. X luid no dread of being either denounced or suspected for my; past. Hut perhaps tho manufacture of those fierce, and swift poisons had some vague relation - with the conceivable tricks- and treacheries of* coming eyenls. Without fear, of dying, ; I c<iuld : not but prixo Uie security of aiming myself against calamitous happening!?, even though they were wrapped in'the drowsiest haze of doubt. ; ; Tired of handling my bhemicah*. mid wish ing to banish their odors .from my nostrils, I passed one midwinter afternoon out upon the lawns of Dyandotte. It was a balmy day, and vet oho with a hint of delicate cold ness. Tile aky byerhoad was like a thin 'film of the most tenuous azure fur. : The bore trees —those athletic trees of umbrage-, oiw Devonshire—had lost all look --of/gduht ness; their nude skeletons were; idealised into a more material semblance of the va ! pory air itself. Southward sloped « breadth of russet-tinted down, and beyond it sleepily flashed the quiescent sea. Withered stalks of late autuhm . flowers gave forth dry rustles as. the. languid marine winds touched them along the pathways 1, trod. Far inland a great leafless lapse of forest loomed against .the pearly horizon, its branches.melting td- Arothcr into a monochrome of smoky pur /plo. f Visitors rarely came to-Dyandotte, though I was popular enough among my neighbors, Aiid now,- when I saw a woman’s shape advancing toward me from the gateway which led into tho outer country beyond ray limit ed domain* I fancied that she might bo one of my few tenants,' faring hither with some appeal to my nurse. I had a charit able reputation among these kinds' of peo ple, though every penny I had given them had been latently begrudged. The nrospec tivc mooting with some new petitioner bor ed me just then past woixbt . I "was about turning -my back on her and taking a short cut into tlie house,: when X suddenly. ro-- cognised' Miss BatosdelL - Amazement almost preventcd mo -at first from going forward to greet her, Then, as I put forth an effort and played the affable host, it was te preceive that she approached mo with faltering steps, and that She boro herself Avith much embar-raament, S "Do forgive mo for daring to come,’’ ; she began, as I took her limp hand in its rather dingy glove. • ' ' ’"Forgive you?” I swd! ‘T r ky» ehojild; I forgive myself if I. did not bid you a very cordial welcome' to DvSndotte ?” 5 camp her fluttered-re ply. ‘‘But of course Fto like a ghost to you.” - ■- r V , ■; f " ; '"Like a A - ,ery agreeable ghost,”, b answer-: ed, with’ ready "galTantry. "Angus: wroth me the .other dayj” I continued, "that ho was , living at his former home, Oleevo Lodge, and' that;- his sister still rptoained at Cfraydon. Hall. Surely you arp with her still.? Or have you at last decided to leai'O her ?” ( “No/ v Mi% , Mouhtstuart, I haven't: jleft Edna —■that is, I’ve been permitted .a .few,1 days of absence.- My only- brother, who hss a small house in Edmintpn, about twelve miles northward, was seized hot long ago with li violent/illness. He’s rector of the village and a -Avidower, with no children. I canie here to; iiurse Into ; he’s better now, and I must soph go back tn Gray don j. Edna is already writing me very scolding, le,tit«i-s. : Bub before I returned to her I had an idea : of taking tho train (the trains arc -always so convenient, you know/ between Edtointon and Dyandotte) and paying you P—a short I visit.” r , Her voice -trembled as she ceased to •speak, and her sweet, bland eyes pleadingly jsearobed my face.; !,I diAuned that the,"short -vieit” Avhich.slip had just mentioned must hoA-o cost her modesty ; a severe struggle. Why; then, had she made it?- ■ • i . "You look. a. vejcjvs.cm5)dc,.xc9.Qly^X2v;-. plied, with my usual native suavity. Then curiosity prompted mo to add: "And ypp. ilmoAV that I Avas hero at homo?” “Some friends of my brother told me you were living hero very quietly.” "No so quietly, Miss Ramsdcll, biit that your presence -breaks in the pleasantest way on my solitude.” She started, biting her lips, "You say this now, Mr, Mountstuort, bub when I’ve spoken further you may feel like repenting your gracious words.” "Don’t be too certain,” I smiled. Borne-., Iioav her coming was fraught for me with a peculiar subtle enjoyment. Had I surmised its radical significance? “Pray como in doors?” I pursued. “Wo can talk, better at my fireside, perhaps, where I have a smouldering log that just takes .the chill from tho air and no more.” "This ip a charming place,” she said, be ginning timidly to follow, me as I -led the way. "Of- course, Mr. Mountstuarb, I—I ought not to have come to' it, alone, like this ; and I do hope you will pardon my boldness.” "I’ll smother it in hospitality, Miss llams dell. I’ll give you a glass of sherry and a biscuit.” ' But she would accept no refreshment. As she sat near my firej surrounded' ■ by the somewhat modish appointments or my fa vorite room, I thought that she looked an almost shabbily pathetic figure. I knew that Edna had not given her more than a beggarly salary, but till now I had never before noticed that she wap ill- clad* ■ Much of the gentleness appeared to haver gone from her thinned and paler-growir face, Tt made mo think of a lovely spring sky over which veils of rainy haze are being merci lessly drawn, while the m.ollow flutings pf its breeze turn suddenly-harsh, t A spirit , of discontent, of, brooding unrest, Pf - sleep loss anxiety, - seemed gazing forth at me from below that' carorpJwdedv broW,,. on' which the flaxen hair now rippled AVith 'way threads in its waves, : , Sho made no .preamble, no useless beating, about the bush.’ "I came here toplay, Mr. Mountstuart,” she soon said, “to ask you would you:lend me twenty pounds ?” ‘ V / ■ "You aro going to leave Edna,”! said, not asking .tins, but stating ik- Sho gave a slight start. "I want to leave her. That is Avhy I’ve asked you . for this loan. I’ve calculated the precise time in which l ean renay it—twelve months. That is, unless I fail in getting another position, and already I have what is almost a prbmiso from, certain people in the north—-Durham,. : in fact. My brother would aid me, but Iris illness— —” I "Enough,- M>ss Bamsdell,” I broke-in | amiably. "Tire sum you have named shall be yours.” "Oh, you’re too good, too’.kind 1” ■ she exclaimed, a flash of the most genuine grati tude sweeping across her face. : "I can’t but recollect how little you really know of me, and how many a person, with this meagre .knowledge, would refuse point-blank’!” ’ I smrtod softly and shook my head. ‘Ton forget that I know a good deal of you—in ono way.” ! "You mean?” she murmured, shrinking backward in her chair. I purposely paused a short while before answering. Then ! said, with tones- at- once measured, low and emphatic: “I’m aware that you wpre vilely treated by Edna, and that you greatly longed, at one time, for revenge upon her. Pray -toll mo; do -you not long for it still ?” (To bo Continued:) ~ } 