BROADBRIM'S GREATER NEW YORK LETTER. Tlie other night I sat thiuking.on hereditary : traits that run through families. Generation, after generation—like strains of blood_among.] our animal stock. Strains of blood that never [ seem to deterioriate or die, but grow stronger and more powerful with the passing years. One of the peculiar features of the hereditary curse is that it is seldom entailed on more thai; one descendant at a time. There may be r. lialf dozen boys and girls in the family, but • iily thrcugh one is the curse transmitted. • I was led to this train of though'., by read ing an aixotmt of the death of Lloyd Aspin- , wal!. who erded his miserable life last week, a ] wretched pauper, ir. -he ^Metropolitan hotel. | Here was a man who was gU'ivanteed the op- j portunitv of a life not vouchsafed to one man i in .1 million, but he inherited th e cmve ; lie j was the transmitter <>•;' the evil destiny from ' which there see me ilno possible escape. So he ran 1;is course and died. In the line of our old bluo blood - here is nothing older or better than the A- )i i] \Va I ] ^. 1 hev date their claims to mobility back to the Revolution, as our Kng hsh cousins do to those that came ever with \\\ iiham the Conqueror. The old mercantile {inn o: HowJand and Aspinwall. whose ships were seen on very sea and whose names were synonyms for honor ^nd probity in dealing among rscn where,or civilisation was known! 1 hey were the principal owner.-: in the old lilackball Line, wluch carried the bulk of the ijH!iiigr..tioii for nearly in years, when five or six ''.eel:- was considered a speedy pjs-age be tween Liverpool ar.d ICew York." When the elder Aspinwall died, who, in partnership with hV.vl.ind. had laid the foundation of liis family.: fortune, he left behind a property valued at two millions of dollars, which was equally divided among his heirs, the grand iathcr of Lloyd AspinwaH receiving for his share nearly th>-ee hundred thousand dollars. Being <>f a thrifty and speculative turn he invested largely in upper Xew York. At his death his sou inherited a fortune of a quarter of a million of dollars. It did not take Ion" for the f.tmily to Mad out that he v.v.s the inheritor of the family curse. For a time Llovd Aspinwall made the "lives of his relatives 'a burden, each day developing some lic-w devil try. In gambling houses and bagnios his for tune v.-as soon exhausted, a notorious actress receiving thousands of dollars. Reduced to beggary and avoided by the associates of his former evil life, he was subjected to the bitter ness of the most biting poverty, and when he had sounded all the depths of'misery another relation died, leaving him a quarter"of a mif i_;oi,; Again plunged in a life of the wildest agination, Lvery effort was made to .save mm. but all in vain. At last lie forged his br'ther's name for a large sum. and family pride alone ?;:vcd him from sta'es p'-ison. .'a ', f'-' '"i'":" and lie was redueed to t;i" condition of a beggar, and last week this >• depraved, mUerable wretch died a pau per. at : lit- ?o etropolitan hotel. 1 looked over the list of M'Alister's four mmun'd ar.d I discovered that- no familv in that immaculate coterie had escaped. The Astois and Yauderbilt.s, and hundreds of others whom the world esteems, have their share in -v.ir common destinv. .Tust- at. present we arc brought to a standstill bv the struggle between Labor awl Capital, a curse that 'like tne ghost of Banqiio will never go down. Y .ight that, need hardly look for its final arbitra men! till the judgment dar. Omore labor and capital stand face to iace in a battle thai promises to be la out ranee. Thousands of men who are banded to gether by oaths and secret signs have quit their usual work and have made their de mands, the penalty of refusal from the present standpoint being life or death. A representa tive of labor declares to a reporter of the New i ork "Min that if the company attempts to rim a >.ar the motorman who drives the ear W'tl l.e killed, and that they are determined I'j ki,l many i»s v/ili or-mpol Hie eonipniiv to gr.iiit their demands.''' Brooklyn but a sl'.o, t acio ago was an independent'citv with popj.aiion of a million people and is now one ei the five great boroughs that compose the magnificent city (,i Xew York, with a popula tio... in excess o! t;i!re millions, making ;• tV sc:.'!ii!, eitv oi the world. i o-day the quiei Sabbath of the 16th of Julv m tile year of our Lord 1609 has been selected as the day when labor puts forth its declara tion of rights by which it is determined to Si-aud or fall. Within the last few weeks j trusts have been formed aggregating thou sands of mihi.-ms, and capital stands entrench ed on every avenue of human endeavor; but I against this vast accumulation of capital 1 stands labor grim and determined issuing a pronuncianiento more terrible than that, which ilia Assyrian king saw blazing on the wall of his banquet hall "mene mene~tekcl upharsin" —thou art weighed in the balance and found wanting. . J here are rights and wrongs on both sides. Capita! looks for security of its accumulations an:l labor fM. jts safety "of home am! life. It's " '-'"'.VJ?'0 that has been going on since tlie commencement of time; and now, when all trusts are assuming a definite form, Labor the mi:it gigantic of them all, cries for a- halt. For Laber stands as the representative of the Al mighty—it is the Creator. It takes the crt'dc materials that the Almighty has given to the children of meaawl-fashions them into the mil lions of created things that exalt life and make it endurable. On the other hand Capital holds forth the rewards which Labor wants; and here is the point where labor and capital should join hands, as each-is ;:'-=ohitcly necessary to the existence cf the.o'.l ^ ar between them is to be deplored, peace, and amity js forever to be desired. Disturb ti her and chaos, ruin and miserv are the only possible result-. _ On this quiet- Sabbath morning thousands of men are banded together—one party for what they deem the security of their "rights and the other for the maintenance of older and of law. Tile police force of the Greater New 'i ork v. ill aggregate not far from five thousand mm, and back of them arc military organisations aggregating many thousand's more, and all of these can be relied on in the time oi danger for the enforcement of peace and justice. Opposed to them are the labor organisations whose existes.ee is held intact by "labor dis til! bers—men who have no special calling but, that of disturbers of the city's per.ee. They travel from district, to district, preaching the rights of labor and the wrongs of capital."Tliey arc the paid satraps of labor's worst enemies, and their employment depends on war—not. peace. The wider the strike and the greater the sufiering of the laboring man, the greater the reward of these ulcers on our civilisa tion. The master workman and the walking dele gate are the real beneficiaries of labor disturb ances. They are the secret, emissaries of Wall stToet and the individuals that profit most by the rnm and suft'esing of the laboring man. The rise or fall of the price of the stocks of the c-le\a'ed or surface roads means to these harpies millions of dollars. What care they tor human life, and what care they for human happiness? Labor is the pawn which secures them success and wealth. Wo have had strikes before, strikes involving thousands of lives and millions of capital, but never before m all our labor troubles has it been publidy announecd that they would murder their wa'v to success. The men at prc;-c-nt in charge of the strike will not endorse the declaration of labor's re presentatives to the ".Sun," but the fact still rcmainr, hard ar.d granite that amonn- tiios-^ who are expected to,cany on the strike this will be the Alpha and Omega that means the beginning ;;nd the end, or in other words, vie lory or death. I he strike coniiiieneos hi violence, moloriiicn are tora. from the ears right hi the presence of the police. Cars arc torn from the track and travel obstructed or rendered impossible, and this while the police from ilanhuttan are hurrying in their, reserves. From the manner in _ which the strikers connlienee the 'c.oniliet it is evident that many lives will be sacrilieed before we reach the end. . It is better so, and let it be settled after such fashion that while our courts exist for our pi-otectiou. that the* peaceful citizen shall not bo disturbed in his right by a mob of rioters who violate the law if they are wronged, the cours are open to them, and if the courts afford them no redress they still have the right to quit work and abandon their job; but there their right ends, ili.-y have no right to maim or murder any oilier laboring man who seeks by honest work to support himself and family. Our experi ence in the past assures us that the strike will be a failure. In a fen" weeks those now most r.ccive in fomenting disturbance will be down on their knees humbly begging for employ nient. Tn the hour of their power they show lithe mercy to other men in such work, and I hey cannot reasonably expect any mercy for themselves when the tables are turned, and it is sate to say that there are thousands who;will date their rum irom Sunday, the HHh day of • July, in the year of our Lord 1839 and "the ! curse born on that fatal-day will follow them to the grave,. - , My -sympathies are all on the side of labor,;. labor lias.bBen my heritage-for all my life. I have never known the day when work was nob necessary for my support; but I have liover known the time when it was nccessary for mo to seek the aid of labor associations, ' To the on,e laboring man belonging to^ the labor unions there are four non- union, men who refuse to be dominated by them. The labor unions represent the advantage of thorough organisation and slavish obedience to the unioiVs demands. The union laborer pledges himself to obey without question the commands of a despot. The non-union man prefers his independence, but, represents the weakness of disorganisation.. This grave ques tion will never be settled as long aa one quar ter of the laborers, of this land arrogate to themselves the sole light to work and make it :i crime equivalent to murder not to join their ■union. All laboring menmust. have equal pro tection. The law must give thejame protec tion to*"{lie non-union man* fhat is now de Ma.ided by the knight' of labor and in de fence of the non-union mau'6 right-to labor ' when "he will or where he tvill. Though -he st.-:od single and alone, opposed by-tlrounands, of foes in defence of his inalienable right", guaranteed liim l>v the constitution of -ho United States, of "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness," it should give the hist dollar in its Treasury and the last life at its com mand. When all labor is protected equally, then, and net til] then, will this vital question be settled. It is said that U;o ihie hand of Wall-street can be seen in this strike—.Wall- street, where dollars are ra'ed beyond the value of human hnpp:u(-ti or human lives. We caa onlv wait and watch lor the end, and when that comes we will strike the trial balance of the har vest . Yours truly, "' in:oADBPj:r. 