IN FULL CRY. By Richard Marsh. CHAPTER XX. Blaise Polhurston Goes Home. It was dark - darker than he had expected and it confused him. The face of the country was changed, landmarks had been removed, objects with which he had been familiar, on whose continued presence he had confidently counted, had vanished; others, of which he knew nothing, had taken their place. Nothing was as it used to be. He had not counted on finding himself so entire a stranger in a place with every inch of which he had supposed himself to be intimately acquainted. The passage of the years had left its impress even on that remote corner of the world. He was inclined to be sorry that he had get out on this adventure. And yet he had felt himself incapable of running the risk of encountering - such a reception as that suggested by Miss Dolly Hamilton. Triumphal arches, brass bands to welcome him home ? That might not be. He would alight at the adjoining station, towards the evening, and would walk through the shadows, across the intervening stretch of country, home; He would arrive there, unheralded, un announced, with as little fuss or ceremony as if he had quitted it but an hour before. It would be best like that. But he had not grasped the situation as it now presented itself to him. The night was unusually dark, the station but a strip of a platform which served a scattered hamlet. With it he left behind all visible signs of human existence. It was some six or seven miles across country to Polhurston, through lanes, over a strip of woodland, through the home woods. That was as he remembered it. But he had not gone very far before he discovered that, at least in this light, his memory played him false. A gate against which he suddenly came into contact brought him to a standstill, to discover that he had lost his bearings. He had strayed off the proper road; the lane into which he had struggled was, apparently, an impasse—unless they had put a gate up since his time. He retraced his steps, to presently plunge into what seemed to be a labyrinth of twisting lanes. He stopped. He had a compass on his chain. He examined it with the aid of a match. So far as he could judge, the lane in which he was was leading him in a wrong direction. And yet he could not be sure. A few yards further it might turn—set him straight upon his way. He tried to think where he might be. In vain. There was nothing to lend assistance to his eyes. He wandered aimlessly on. It was strange how wholly absent were all signs of human habitation. It was as if he had reached the end of the world—which was unpeopled. It was true that thereabouts they might be early folk; but, even if they had already retired to rest, surely in some house somewhere a light would be left burning. But there was not a glimmer; behind, in front, to right or left, wherever he looked, not one. He had scarcely realised, till then, in how bare and bleak a country his boyhood had, in fact, been spent; how remote from civilisation, how cut off from the world. It came upon him, with a sense of shock, how lonely a childhood his had been. He was returning now to that same wiiderness, a lonely figure, lost in the night. It was very strange indeed that there should be no houses. Used as he had been, of late, to the life of a great city, their absence struck him as doubly strange. No houses ! Where, then, did the people live ? Were there really none ? Was he the only living creature environed by the night ? The thing began to weigh upon him like a presage of evil. Thereabouts were the folks all dead? Was the world peopled only with ghosts ? Were they walking at his side, peering at him over the stone walls, scurrying hither and thither across the country, unheard, unseen ? What was that noise ? It was the sound of waters. What was that breath upon his cheeks ? Was it not the whisper of the sea ? What was the sudden, great blackness which yawned, all at once, in front of him, which made him suddenly stop short, which set him shivering ? He was standing the upon the edge of the cliff—the Samphire Cliff. The knowledge of his whereabouts came upon him with an instant intuition. Down below him was the island—that reef of dreadful rocks. It was against it the waves were breaking—that was the noise which he had heard. Another step, he would have been over, hurtling through the air, rebounding from the points of jagged stone, plunging into the whirlpool of the continually contending waters. As he started back he sweated. His knees shook. When he had retreated backwards, perhaps a dozen yards, he subsided on to the ground trembling. Waat a narrow escape he had had ! But it had at any rate made him acquainted with his whereabouts. There were the home woods then, upon his right. He advanced towards them gingerly, feeling with outstretched arms for the stone wall which, he remembered girdled them. There it was. He recognised in it the presence of an old friend. There used to be a gate further down the road, perhaps a hundred yards. This was not the part of the wood which be had been making for. By some accident, which he did not understand, he had struck one end instead of the other. But to have found the woods at all was something. The gate which he was searching for opened into a grassy road which, in the old days, was wont to be used as a drive when a rare visitor was to be taken to enjoy the view from the Samphire Cliff looking towards Godrevy. It was the gate which was farthest from the house. The winding road passed both the upper and the lower lakes, through a part of the grounds which, in bad weather, was very like a swamp. He found it. The latch emitted a grating sound as he lifted it, the gate shrieked on its rusty hinges as he threw it back. He entered tho woodland road. The mystery of the woods. was obvious even in the night. Up there the winds were too persistent to permit of the trees attaining to great proportions. But, as he went in farther, their size increased. If the winds were against them, the ground was on their side. They were sheltered by its rapid fall. Soon Blaise Polhurston knew that he was surrounded by monarchs of the forest. Their branches creaked and moaned; afar off came cries as of souls in pain. Here were living things; he could hear them on every side; the pattering of feet, the scurrying of unseen creatures through the brushwood, the occasional whirling of wings. The wood was far from silent. There was, too, a presence of another kind. He had not yet wholly recovered from the shock of finding himself on the edge of the abyss. There was a still a fluttering in his heart, which the place in which he was was not disposed to lessen. It was peopled with memories, the grave in which his childhood was buried. He was like a lost soul, passing through the shades of what once had been his youth. Every movement of the branches —they were never still—was a sigh for the past, a moan for the present, a groan at the prospect of what was still to come. The forest was in torment; half affrightedly he groped through it all. Behind the trunks of the trees, over whose roots now and then he stumbled, spectres glanced out at him : presences which he felt, although he did not see, shapes, which were none the less actual, but rather the more, because they were incorporeal. All the way he was haunted by demons. They grew thicker as he went. The place became alive with them. He began almost to persuade himself that he would see them with his bodily eyes ; he could hear them with his ears. They gibbered at him as he passed, They touched him. Was it possible they touched him ? What was that which brushed against his hair— which shaved his cheeks—which alighted for an instant, on his eyelids ? Were they fingers ? Of what ? Of whom ? He stopped suddenly, looking about him with bewildered glances. What was that noise ? Was it not laughter ? Who was laughing at him in the shadow of the trees ? This was not to be borne, that there should be foes on every hand, and he see none of them. He lit a match, he would see by the light it gave, what might be seen. While it flickered, as he was about to raise it to look round, something—someone struck it out. He trembled so that the box fell from his grasp. He listened. Again ! Was that not laughter among the trees ? He could not find the matchbox, although he felt sure that it had fallen just at his feet. He could not feel it anywhere, even by going down on his knees. Was that it ? If it was, then it was snatched, away—yes, as his fingers were closing on it. What was the cause of his feeling that something, someone, was playing tricks with him ? His nerves had been disorganised by his experience on the cliff. The walk, prolonged beyond his expectations, had tired him. Memories had come sweeping over him at an impressionable moment. The surroundings were weird, the scene awesome. They used to tell, in bygone days, of the Polhurstonghost; of the wraith which, at night-time, in the woods, used to lie in wait for members of the family, when evil loomed over the house. It was such thoughts as these which bade fair to play the fool with him. He shook himself. He would put them behind him— leave the matchbox where it lay—hasten home. It must be growing late. If he was not quick, his coming would alarm the house - that he did not want. He strode down the path as rapidly as the darkness would permit. There was the sound of running water. He was nearing the upper lake. Presently, although the blackness shrouded it almost wholly, he knew that he had reached it. He paased by the brink, peering through the shadows. Nothing could be seen. He could hear what he took to be the movements of wild fowl, the splashing of water over the weir-—that was all. He passed on. A closing of tho darkness, till it hung about him like a pall, made him conscious that, about the lake, it had been relatively light. He was moving again through the thickness of the wood. All at once, something flashed into sudden radiance ; so far as he could judge, at a distance of a hundred yards or more from where he was. It gleamed. like a star, then vanished, leaving the darkness denser than before. What was it? A will-o-the-wisp? A glowworm ? Hardly at that season of the year. Besides it had borne no resemblance to either. He went steadily on. It came again; still, as is it seemed, the same distance in front. It was not a light in a house, nothing of the like. It was like a flash of fire, appearing to have the property of showing, in space of its duration, half-a-dozen different hues. He advanced more cautiously, watching for its reappearance. It did not come. Instead, there was borne in upon him, on a sudden, an absolute conviction that some unseen thing was close at hand - something which was moving through the brushwood, keeping pace at his side. The instant he became conscious of this assurance, he stopped, and stood, and listened, and ______. He could see nothing, nor hear anything, but he knew that there was something there, and that it had stopped when he stopped. He tried to speak to it, but could not—to move in its direction, but his limbs were chained. With an effort he continued his advance, stumbling blindly on; he knew that the some thing was moving too. Again there was the sound of running water; he was nearing the lower lake. As he reached it, there was a splash ! Something had plunged into the lake. There was a noise as of something struggling in the water—a gasping sound, as of fighting for breath. "Who are you? Who's there?" cried Mr. Polhurston, the tones of his own voice filling him with horror and amazement. All was still. Only the noise of the weir disturbed the silence. To have plunged into the blackness of the waters in search of he knew not what would have been an act of madness. If he remebered rightly, quite close to the bank this lower lake was ten or twelve feet deep; while, here and there, were pools of unknown profundity. How did he know what had fallen in—by accident or of set purpose. It might be some creature of the woods. True, it had not sounded as if it were, but—what was It then? He did not stop to think. He rushed onward, resolving, when he reached the house, to tell his tale. In any case, there was nothing he could do, without light, alone. So soon as he had arrived on the opposite side, and was re-entering the forest's vastness, he again became conscious that still there was something at his side; something, this time, which he could hear—for there was a swishing sound, as if something was being brushed against the trees and bushes as it went. It might have been a trick of his imagination, but, as he tore wildly on, he seemed to detect a dripping round, as if drops of water were falling from his invisible associate. There was clearly audible, also, a panting, as for breath. With sudden determination, of which he himself was more than half-afraid, swerving from the path he dashed in the direction from which the sound proceeded. As he advanced it retreated; he could hear it going farther and farther back among the trees. Under such circumstances, to follow it would be absurd. He returned to the path. It returned with him; he heard it come. He groped about for a stone, or other missile, to hurl at it. Its persistence began anger him. He could find nothing except broken branches and scraps of decayed wood, which were too light to be of any use. So he assailed it with his tongue. "Confound you—who are you? "What do you want? What do you mean by skulking at my side ? Get off, you brute !" This last he said in view of the possibility that it might be some animal, desirous of human companionship; of which he was very far from being sure. Nothing showed that his words were heard, but when he moved the thing went with him. "Very good ! Wait till we get nearer the house, where there's more light; then we'll see what you are, my friend, if you choose to keep me company to far." Something laughed. In the laughter was a quality which almost made Mr. Polhurston almost jump out of his skin. He quickened his pace, breaking into a run. So swiftly, so heedlessly did he go, that, before he knew that the thing was there, he dashed against a tree. So violent was the contact that, partially stunned, he dropped to his knees. It was a second or two before he had regained his senses sufficiently to realise, with any clearness, what had happened. What aided his return as much as anything else was the discovery that he was surrounded by a sudden illumination. He scrambled to his feet, almost falling again, in his haste, over the tangled root, to find himself confronted by something which made his heart stand still. It was a girl—a young girl. She stood within three or four feet of where he himself was standing. A sufficiently pretty picture she presented illumined by the sudden, vivid glow. But at sight of her he shrank back, shivering; the blood seemed to freeze in his veins; there was a buzzing sound in his head as if his brain was bursting. "Helen!" he gasped. "Helen !" The girl made some slight movement which caused him to divert his glance: whereupon he perceived that behind her, a little to one side, stood a man, who held her hand in his. "Shapcott!" muttered Blaise Polhurston. Helen!—my God !*' It was the woman to whose skirts he had pinned his boyhood's faith; for the love of whom he had wrecked his life. And the man was the friend who had betrayed him; who had hounded the woman into a suicide's grave, and for the recovery of whose murderer he— Blaise Polhuiston—was himself supposed to be offering a reward of £200. The vision lasted but an instant, then it faded. And, in another moment, Mr. Polhurston was tearing madly headlong through the darkness, down the path. Nor did ho check his pace till the sudden widening of the path showed him that he had entered the main avenue which divided the estate, as nearly as possible, into two clean halves, and about the centre of which the house itself was placed. Here some show of reason did return to him. He stopped to draw breath, and to wipe the perspiration from his brow. Then, still moving quickly, but at a pace which more nearly approached discretion, he started on the last stage of his journey. Almost immediately, however, to stop again. For, down a by-path, came a figure bearing a lighted lantern in its hand. It was the figure of a woman. She wore a long cloak, which fell to her feet, the hood being drawn over her head. As he advanced, she held up her lantern so that its gleam shone on him; then, with an exclamation, she moved towards him, with outstretched hand. Blaise," she cried. There was no surprise in her voice; only pleasure. "It's you ! I knew you were coming, so I made haste to meet with you." It was his mother ! Blaise Polhurston had returned home. 