AN EASTER SERMON. THE LIFTED CHRIST By JAMES FLEMING, B.D. (Canon of York and Chaplain-in- Ordinary to the Queen.) I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto me.— St. John, xii. 32. Our Lord was put to death upon Good Friday, and He lay in the grave on Sat- urday, the Jewish Sabbath, until the third day, the morning of the first day in the week, Easter Day, when he rose from the "dead, and , which our Church has called in consequence the Lord's Day. . Now„ it is probable' that on the Wednesday of that week, two days be fore His death, He stood in . the temjile, and uttered that wonderful discourse, of which these words form a- part, in the Gospel of St. John, (he only evangelist who gives this last discourse. It was on that occasion, signifying, as we are told, what death He should die, that He said in the memorable words of our text, "I, if I. he lifted up, will "draw all men unto me." The words of Christ, we see at once, have a double signification— that is, both literal and spiritual. Literally, He was to be lifted up upon the cross as the mode of His death; spiritually. He was triumphantly to be so exalted upon that cross that it would be a throne to which He would lift up Hie world which "He came to redeem. Now oiijr; Lofd, -we are, fold, knew all these things that were to be accomplished and done; therefore He knew He was to die upon the cross; He knew ho would be lifted up in this man ner as a spectacle to heaven and earth, to»angels, and devils, and riien, lifted up in the revenge and hatred of His ene mies, lifted up in the rejection of His claims to be the Son of God. He knew all this, and yet we observe that His answer is one of triumph, not of defeat. He seems to say, "You may put me to death upon the cross, but there shall be no disturbance of my plans, no defeat of my great purpose. It shall come to pass that in consequence of this I myself will lift and draw all unto me."- Those were brave words. Brave words have been spoken by many dying men and dy ing Christians. You will observe that none but Christ, none of His martyrs, none, of his disciples, none of His arlostles, could say, "1, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto me." Has this been fulfiilled or not? This is a very solemn and momentous question for us to ask upon Good Friday. Have these words been fulfilled? or are they to be fulfilled? Or are they only a mere matter of boast which have been al together negatived by results? Were Christ simply a man— one who was born, lived, talked, suffered, died — in a hundred years as the world goes, not a vestige of the memory of .that man would probably be left. How is . it to-day? Is it so? Fifty-five generations, counting as a gen eration an average of thirty years, fifty- five generations have passed away since our Lord lived and died, and His name is to-day the sweetest and the most powerful, and the grandest name that is contained in the whole world. And it is associated with all the highest civilisa tion of the world. In fact, civilisation owes its existence to Christianity. It is linked with the purest and best literature of the world; it is united to the grandest schemes of education in the world; it is bound up with all the best institutions of . philanthrophy and benevolence in the world. Then I say this is not a defeat or a repulse; it is a prophecy which was ful filled, is being fulfilled, and shall be ab solutely fulfilled, "I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto me." I say, if Chris tianity cannot do. this it is worth nothing. If Christianity fails to triumph every where, it is not worthy of triumphing anywhere. must come to that conclu sion. The. question is : "Has it been defeated yet?" There have been times - when this cause has seemed to recede like the tide, but only t p come again back like the re turning wave. : I know, that it has been denied over and. over again this prophecy of Christ. Cel$ug, in the second century, denied that the .religion of Christ was suitable for the. whole world, because, he said, -that all the nations of the world had formed for themselves a religion that was best for them. Th.ere are not a few that would echo that t6-day. I have heard people say, "It is a great mistake for you to try to carry your Gospel tothe Jews,, or to the heathen, to the Mohammedans, or Brahmins, or Buddhists, or Chinese, because they are worshipping according to their light They are happy; why don't you Jet them alone? It Is Impos sible for us to make and force a religion upon all the nations "of the world." Well, that is a question, I say, that has to be decided. Now, what are the three great features of Christianity which make it different from every other religion in the world, because that, I think, is the key to this question of our Lord's words, "I, if I- be lifted up, will draw all men unto me." THE INCARNATION OF GOD. In the first place Christianity contains the incarnation of God. This is the very first and greatest truth. As soon as man fell away from God he became an atheist; that is to say, if you go back to the days before the Flood, when all the children of men waxed wicked and more wicked, they departed altogether from the wor ship of God; they became absolutely in their wickedness and imagination atheists. At length there was a recovery, and men began to call upon the name of the Lord. Then there came in a new phase of religion. There came Polythe ism — a multitude of divinities of " every kind, Sun, Moon, Stars, Mountains, Rivers, Trees— all these became gods which men worshipped, and worshipped in vain. Why did they do this? Because they were yearning after God; because there was in the soul of fallen man a longing for the incarnate God. And this incarnate God came among men in the fullness of time. He was born of the Virgin Mary, embodied in our human na ture, yet without sin; and He lived and worked, and died in that nature, so that- we may say in one breath that He was the Son of Man, and that He died; and in another breath that He was the Son of God, and could not die. That is why there seems to be, not contradiction, but such contrast all through the life of our Lord. At one moment He is sleeping in ; the hinder part of the boat,, weary, in the storm; at another moment He has risen up, and, bidden the waves of the sea "Be ! still," and at once there is a great calm. At one moment He is sitting there at the 1 marriage feast in Cana of Galilee, one of the guests who with His disciples an \- His mother were invited; at another : moment He is telling the servants to ' bring the water to the governor of the fea=t and as 'they carried it it is chang- j ed into wine. At one moment He weeps ' as we do in our hours of sorrow. He weeps at the grave of his friend Lazarus, at another- moment He is "Yin®- "Lazarus, come forth." The contrast therefore, is something prodigious, and something- wonderful. And it brings be fore- us this striking thought that the only religion, that has embodied the in carnation of God is Christianity, which teaches that Jesus Christ came down from Heaven to earth, took our natuie, ; suffered and died to redeem us by His divine nature as. the God-man. Ihere- ' fore you observe that the savage and the civilised, the wise and the ignorant, of every clime and nation and color, meet in Jesus and bow at the feet of this incar nate God. REGENERATED MAN. What is the next great feature we find in Christianity? It is that which regene rate® man. There is nothing else that lias ever came in the way of religion to man that professes to do this, though other re ligions have made an attempt at it. A "Teat law of sacrifice has been pervading the world in all its. religions. What does this mean? It means the same kind of yearning asUieyearningforGod;it means a yearning for pardon and - for peace Now there is no religion that man has framed that has ever been able to give this. to man. Aristotle confesses, as a Greek, "There is no moral virtue which springs up ill our nature." That is a Teat confession." Seneca said, as a Ro- nin "We are all sinners, some more, others Mss." And this is no more, after all than St. aul says.tliaC'we are all the | children of wrath " Therefore, you see : that man needs a regenerated nature; and I he needs to come to someone who can do this for him. You and I must he able to tell him that there is One who can re create him and make him a new creature; there is One who not only delivered him from the consequences of sin, but who can by the power of the Divine Spirit de liver him from the sin itself. And our Lord touched this point when He said, "You must be born again." There is nothing else for it. We are told that while Adam keeps repeating himself in every generation in the offspring of man. one great necessity of this old Adam of humanitv is that he must and may be born again. This is the great truth of re generation. THE PARDON OF SINS. There is another great truth which Christianity preaches and teaches, and that is pardon— the pardon of all our sins. I have raid that every sacrifice offered by other religions has been towards -this. Why were - all these sacrifices offered? Why did'.our Church select that wonder ful chapter: in Genesis for the lesson to day? To show how God called upon Abra ham whom He was bringing out "of idola try and false sacrifices, called upon him as if he were still a heathen, to Jake his only son Isaac and offer him as, a' sacri fice upon oue of the mountains. Why ? This is what all these heathens" were do ing. He stood ready, and - then God stayed his hand and blessed him from heaven. Beoause he obeyed it was coun ted to him for righteousness' ; and that great promise was uttered, which . came in the chapter read this morning, "In thy seed shall all nations of the earth be blessed." But the whole law of this sacrifice was this, that man knew there must be gome means of reparation for sin. You know Nature never makes any reparation for sin. We ' are told that Nature punishes us. That is quite true. If you do any thing contrary to Nature you are bound to suffer. She is a mistress that always punishes the transgressions made against her. But there is no power in nature which can pardon our sins, none what ever. She will punish our faults and our weaknesses, but she cannot possibly, par don our sins. There is something needed for pardon, reparation, and atonement in " the sight of God, which must be based upGn the sufferings of another. There was -one member of the race who stood as your surety and mine in that death t upon the cross when it was lifted up and through it drew all men unto Himself. Thus in Christianity you have these three great principles : 1. You have an in carnate God. 2. You have the principle of regeneration in the heart and mind and life of the sinner. 3. You have the par don and peace which comes even to that shiner through the atonement which was offered by Jesus Christ. Have you ever read of another religion containing .these ' three great and grand features in it, but the religion of Jesus ChrisT? Take every oilier religion — take the religion of the Brahmin, of the Buddhist, of Confucius, of the Japanese or cf the Chinese. — where do you find cne holding three such princi ples as these? Theii I say, that to ray- mind, I hope to yours, this stamps the religion of Jesus Christ as that having Divine. origin; it holds incarnation, it holds regeneration, it holds pardon, pc-ace, and atonement through the blood of Jesus. Christ. -And there is no change, 'no -re-, formation, no regeneration of 'the- heart,, no new birth, but by 'the power of the" Holy Ghost through, this incarnate God,? Jesus' Christ. IS CHRISTIANITY DEFEATED? Has this been a defeat, Ill's religion r-I" Jesus, in the world? When our Lord d!ed,- and, one might say, when all the apostles! of our Lord had died, including St« John, who lived on so many years into that first- century, I do not suppose the whole Church of Christ upon earth at that time was anything like numerically half,, a million of people. That, to my mind, is" making a very largo allowance, and would include all those who were secret disci ples of Jesus, those who in those days of persecution, of stoning, crucifixion, and death, had not the courage to confess Christ.' But when persecution against tliis -religion began to cease, 'take, for in stance, the reign of Constantino, then you' find that there were about ten -millions who .were professing the. Christian -faitli. I .do npi say they were all pure Chris tians. There is a great deal- of corrupt Christianity.- ,- Well, -at - that time something like ten millions bore the.ChriSr tian name. How does it stand to-d3y. There are computed to be about 1200 mil lions of people in the- world to-day, -ahd out of. this number nearly, perhaps quite, one-third; that is,' about 330 'millions, bear . the name Christ ian. ' ; :- Is this a -defeat? I know how slowly. God works in all His ways aiid purposes. - . Judging from the! day« of tlie twelve Apostles down toLlbe days of the Early; Church, down to the time of Constantjne" down to the present hour, would anyone . say that Christianity has been a failure? I know there are millions of unbelievers in the world to-day — Mohammedans, Brahmins, Buddhists, Chinese, with their weak and miserable literature. But are you not full of faith 'that these are every, day being influenced by the civilised, re generating influence -which the Gospel of Jesus Christ is carrying into all the ends of the earth? - Are you not satisfied, are you not hopeful on this Good-Friday, when we recollect that 350 millions of the popu lation of the world bear, at all events, the name of Christian, and that which Chris tianity gave in the earliest days it is able to give to-day? If you look at; Uie na tions that hear this Christian name- -y- though I do not say they are without cor ruption. yet they are the nations .that stand highest and first in the civilisation , of the world to-day — they are the nations whose sails whiten every sea oil the high way of commerce; they are the only na tions that hear any vestige of good edu cation; and there is that in what they hold and in what they have that argues that a better -day is coming, when God's purpose shall be more rapidly fulfilled, and. those words of Christ he accomplished; "I, if I he lifted up, will draw all men unto me." - This is the absolutely unique religion of the world that bears those three com ponent features. Everything else gives way — all ia?:gions, all institutions, all empires that are not founded or built upon this. But this endures, this remains. The uords are true to-day that Gamaliel spoke, "If this cause he of God it cannot be overthrown." We be lieve, therefore, not only in the existence, hut in the success and ultimate triumph of Christianity. Those nations that bear the Christian name girdle the world to day, girdle it with their science, and knowledge, and -comr-irce and power. What they have to do when we shall have a better and purer Christendom is tot if t that world into the bosom of Christ, tftat world which" He not only . created but which He has redeemed. - And then - those voices shall be heard, the ivirain.of which comes down to us, theii that an them shall resound all round this world of ours: "The kingdoms of. this world aiie .become the kingdoms of our Lord, anil of His Christ, and He shall reign .for ever and ever." Then- shall befulfilledthose words which Jesus spoke long -ago in the temple, apparently in utter weakness : "i, if I be lifted up, will draw "all; men unto me." , ; . ' Love is the emblem of eternity; it con founds all notions of time"; . effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end. — Madame de StaeL 