: HEART AND SWORD. BY JOHN STRANGE WINTER. CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) "And thinking only ot Gregory," said tho Arch deacon. "That Is not wonderful," said Gregory's mother; "no, that Is not wonderful." u is very lucity lor u-regory, saiu mo Arcu- dcahon." "Well, yes It Is," returned his wife, dubiously; "It Is. But it is vbiw hard unon him to be out there, and she hero In England, particularly when she Is living such a life — I mean such a llfo of interests, of interests separato from his." "Still," said the Archdeacon, "my dear, that Is enly lor a time. Tho boy will liavo his troop soon; Indeed, as you know, ho may get It at any time, so that wo iiccd not pity him too much. Of course. It Is hard for him to havo to leave his young wife, very, very hard, but It would be a great deal border If he had to leave her, as ho might have bad to do, it. less affluent circum stances. Think If sho had had to go out and earn her living as a governess, or something of that kind, when he knew that all her toll meant toll With practically no return. She might have had to do all sorts of things; I mean work which would havo been disagreeable and disheartening, and practically without payment. Oh, 1 don't pity Gregory very much. Ho will be back in noxt to no time, and they will bo as happy as you pleaso when he does come." Meantime, Kit and tho two girls had gone home to tho Belvedere together. They always stayed with her, buL the Archdeacon and Mrs. Alison preferred to go to their old quarters in a favorilo hotel just off Piccadilly. And almost the same thoughts were Hitting through Kit's busy brain as were occupying her father and inothcr-in-law. She could not help seeing how she had corns In the light of an astonishment to Mrs. A'llson. "I suppose she thinks that I ought to ho scared by tho Duchess," she said to herself; "and porhaps I ought to be, but I'm not, not a bit. Auntio always said that I bad no need to bo Beared by anybody, nnd Auntie was quite right. After all, tho Duchess couldn't play Pru dence Pasturoll." At this point sho was so in tensely amused by her own thoughts that sho burst Into a peal of gay laughter. Violet Alison woko up from a somewhat sleopy condition, with a start. "What are you laugh ing at, Kit?" she exclaimed. "What is it?" "I was thinking," said Kit, "that was all." "Are you often taken that way?" asked the girl, gaily. "No, not often; such funny thoughts don't often como to my mir:l." "Do sharo them with us." "Well," said Kit, "I was thinking how amazed your mothor was to-night with my self-posses sion; sho looked as if she thought I ought to be scared by a roal live duchess. And then the thought came to me that If sho was a duchess, sho couldn't play Prudence l'asturell!" For a moment tbero was silence, then Connie said quietly, "No, but if sho did everybody would go to sea her try." And at this Kit laughed more merrily than ever. Tho folowlng day tho Archdeacon and Mrs. Alison lunched with Kit to meet Philip Lavender. Kit bad duly impressed upon licr mother-in-law the honor that this occasion conveyed. "To get Mr. Lavender to como to lunch to meet anybody," said Kit, "is simply what ono may call the cbanco of a lifetime.' "My deur Kit!" said Mrs. Alison. "1 assure you I am not speaking with any exag geration. 1 never realised before what an enor mous success I havo had." "My dear Kit, you are qulto foolish on the sub-, jeet," said tho Archdeacon's wife, with great dignity. "You only say that, Mrs. Alison, because you do not understand tho position that such a man takes In tho world; and I toll you It Is perfectly true that it is the greatest compliment that Mr. Lavender knows how to pay mo to accept an invitation to lunch, especially on a week day. You have never met him?" "Never, excepting at your wedding, when ho barely spoke to me." "When you havo dono so, you will understand where his extraordinary Influence comes In; whyt It Is pcoplo talk of him and think of him as if he were outside the pale.of ordinary human beings — as he is." To this luncheon sho had Invited her own man ager and Slr Jolm and Lady Trench, and I am bound to Bay that Mrs. Ali3on carried away with iier as false an Idea of the dramatic profession as she had Indulged in during all her previous life. She had, up to tho tlmo of her daughter- in-law's success, regarded tho stage as a pursuit, a sort of social Sodom and Gomorrah, denizened by persons unfit for association with such august beings as herself. After Lawronco Callagban's supper and Miss Mallinder's luncheon party it must be confessed that Mrs. Alison went back to her native fastness .with . quite as erroneous an Impression 'as' shb had' held aforetlmo.' They wero" Impressions as far apart from each other as the poles arc asunder; for her the theatrical world was from that time peopled with a new race— a race courteous, quiet, studious, unselfish, even ascetic. To her Philip Lavender, with his clear-cut, monkish face, was like some figure out of history. In all her life before sbe had never seen such a Winn. THr irrniif. noi'snnnl rlln-nlfv lila'ntflnf- tp« servo, his studious manner, the way in which he spoke, always when ho gave an opinion . with tho manner of a person who know, tho wonderful Are of wit which passed between him and Sir John Trench was a revelation to Mrs. Alison. Sho had hoard of clntlllatlng wit, but sbe had never known it h.-j'ore, and somehow that day she realised that there wero heights which she could not roach; somehow sho felt that, although they wero In excellent society at Little Grace- thorpo, all tho well-born, well-placed, affluent people whom sho knew were as nothing compared with those two able brains fencing brilliantly to gether. During that ono short meal Mrs. Alison realised that the elect are not necessarily of one tribe. Sho began to understand, as sho hoard her hitherto unconsidered little dnughtor-in-law sending out quick brief flashes of wit, like a tiny rapier between the heavier swords of Lavender and Sir John Trench, that to be of the elect you must he horn, but that your birth iteed not of necessity bo noble. I hoard a great painter say once, "Thero are only two classes of Socioty, tho Aristocracy and Us." With Mrs. Alison, up to that tlmo all socioty had been represented by ono class of people, the County. The County, pot of the County; In the County, and not or tho County. She had recognised no wider lines. In one week's visit to London sho recognised tho full social valuo of Miss Malllnder, tho actress. CHAPTER XVI.— CAPTAIN ALISON. Archdeacon Alison's visit to Lawrence Calla- ghan'tj theatre gave the young man a now idea. It happened, during ilie few days following tho memorable visiL and supper party, that soveral people inquired ot him iu a moro or less jocular manner as to whether the swagger old parson had expressed any opinion ou tho morals of tho. play. "Opinion," ho returned to each question, "by Gcorgo, but didn't ho express an opinion. He told me that it was the Uncst sermon, he bad heard preached for years!" "You don't Bay so! Well, there's never any knowing what these parsons will do or how they'll take things. 1 should havo thought that a cut- and-drled old chap like that would havo taken the cut-and-dried Hue, and aired all the old Ideas about purity and such like. I should got a few uioro parsons, if I wore you; It's wonderful tho iulluenco a parson has ill a theatre —far more than lie has out of it. And at that moment a new idea struck Law rence Cullaghan. Ho was not a young man to let tho grass grow under bis foot, and wlieu a bright idea struck him ho lost no time In carry ing it into effect. So front that moment any clergymen who arrived al Lawrouco Callaghau's theatre were politely and llrmly told that they would book them seats with pleasure, but that Mr. Callaglnut did not luke money front the clergy. it was a clever move. Oddly enough tne scheme never round Its way Into tho proas, and many wore tho conjectures us to why the clergy had so thoroughly tuken up the play of l'rudeuco Pasturoll. "What Is there about It that gathers all the black coats here?" said a man one night, look ing round tho theatre. "There aro seventeen clergymen here, and they all seem to be thorough ly approving and enjoying tho piece. I shouldn't have thought it a play likely to attract pur- sons." However, Lawrenco Callaghan kept his own counsel, and his clergymen guests did not be tray hint, excepting to one another. So that the reputation of tho pleco grew and grew. it seemed as If the public would never be tired ot It; und Kit Muliludcr begun to bo failed the actress of long runs, and to acquire, among hor other jewels of reputation, that of being a mascotte. It scemod as If tltoro could bo no check to the brilliance ot her career. Her great gift had carried' lier straight to tho front, f.lnl, what was more, kept hor there. Tho great Jieeess grew as only a great success ever can grow. There was never a wiser saying than "Nothing sueceods lilto success." So time rolled on, and tho play had boon run ning for nearly six months, und seemed likely jo run for six and twice six again. This brought the tlmo to tho very end of tho season, when Lawronco Cullaghan Intended to oloso Ills theatre to nuiko a short tour through the provinces, Playing a limited number of lirst-cluss towns, lial taking a short holiday before opening again In London tho llrst week In October. by thin tlmo it must bo confessed that Kit was looking forward to a holiday with all her heart. Sho hud scarcely been a night out ot tho "Bill, ho part was an extremely tiring and exhausting aao, the heat of that year was very great, and !fo began to think with a longing which was tlmost passionate of Scotch Moors, of sea breezes, ! d onow-covered Alps. Sho had never been In ! vsllztn-laml, sho had not tho least Idea what jho Alps wero like, but such was tliu bent of w mind, And at last they got to their closing seok. It banponed ono morning that Kit wont Into tho dlulugrootu of hor Hat whero her sister-in- law, Violet, was reading hor lettors. Sho was very palo and weary-looking, hor face had not much less whlto than tho cambric wrapper sho ' was woaring. "You look liko a ghost, Kit," said Vlolot, cheer fully, '.'I feel llko a boiled rag," said Kit, prompt ly. "I will toll you what It Is, Violet, I want a holiday," "Well, you'll soon havo ono now.' "Yes, I know." "Try to make a good breakfast," said Violet, cheerfully. "I bcllovo that Is ono of tho great secrets of keeping well. You don't eat enough. This kedgeroo looks awfully good." Sho was a very helpful and judiciously kind girl. Sho poured out Kit's coffee, coaxed hor Into eating tbo kedgeree, told lier ono or two bits of gossip which sho had gathered from her lettors, and ministered to her generally In a way which mado tho jaded actress feel years younger and. pounds better. Then Kit began In a desultory kind of way to open her own letters, whilo Violet took up tho newspaper and glanced at tho contents. They had not sat thus for moro than two minutes when Violet uttered an exclamation — "Oh, Kit, oh, Kit," sho said. "Oh, Kit!" "What's tho matter?" said Kit. "Bad news?" "No, dear, not bad news. He's got his troop." Kit's face suddenly bloomed out to a lino roseate hue. "Oh!" she said, with a sigh of relief. "Then It won't bo long before be is home again. Oh, how I wish lio cotlid como whilo I am free." "You will telegraph the news?" said Violet. "Telograph! Had I bettor?" "Oh, yes; I should. He will know it sooner, and when you aro making arrangements every day Is precious." The result of this announcement and of the tele gram which was soon speeding on its way to ap prise Gregory of ills changed rank was that ho hurried on his affairs so as to get home as soon as possible. Ho had been so Impatient to return to England that ho had privately mado all ar rangements for transferring himself as soon as ho had been gazetted to his troop, nnd by tho time Kit was free ot lier work and entered upon her holiday, Gregory Alison was duo to arrive in his native land. She went to town to meet him. She went alone; for as the time drew near for Ills arrival a curi ous hesitancy took possession of her. Sho felt as If slio were going to meet a stranger, somcono whom sho did not know and who did not know her. And in a sense she was right. Personally, Gregory was moro attractive than ever. The three yenrs which he had spoilt in In dia had bronzed him to a fine copper tint; ho was broader than of old, though still lithe and lean. In manner ho had gained, and It must be remem bered that in manner Gregory Alison had never been wanting. I-Io was Intensely attractive, and as Kit saw him coming along the platform to meet her, lier heart gave a groat sick throb of anxiety at an end. And lio thought lier lovelier than ever. "You aro just the same." he kept on saying that first evening, "not a bit spoiled." "Did you expect mc to bo spoiled?" she asked at last. "No; not exactly. But I did thlnlc you might have got to look — ivoll — I did think It possible that you might show tho stage a bit more than you do." "In short, you thought that you were coming back to somebody you would bo thoroughly ashamed of." "Oh, my dearest!" he exclaimed, "what non sense! How can you suggest such a thing even in jest!" he cried. "It was only that I didn't dare to think you would be so little altered as you are— you have made such a great name, you who have gone to the very top of the tree, as you have done — I did not daro to thlnlc you would bo just the same when I came back again. It Is the most wonderful thing to me. I never dared to think that my wishes would so completely como true as that I should find you just as you wero, the same, Bweet, unspoiled littlo girl, all redolent of the country." "Ah, dear boy, It Is little enough of the country that I havo had," said she, smiling at him. "You havo longed for the country again?" "Oh, yes, in a way; but I couldn't go back to Little Gracothorpc. It would bo Impossible. I have lived since I began to work." Sho had a whole month of holiday before her, a whole month in which she need thing ot nothing, worry about nothing; only give herself up to pure and absolute enjoyment. It was like a now honeymoon. They went down to Little Gvaccthorpe for three or four days, and' then they went abroad: for, as Kit said in tho past her peregrinations had been limited, first,, by means and then by want of time, "and now that I havo tlirco weeks to spare, do let us go and see some thing outsido our own country." It was, of course, all one to htm where lie went, so long as ho was with her. They , took their tour leisurely enough, and few people who met them would have believed that this quiet-looking, soft-eyed girl was tho great actress who had set England on fire. Practically they wero Incog nito during the whole of the time, which, ns sho explained to-hlm. -'wns ono of the advantages of her not having gone much Into society. "Which, I thlnlc,!' said he, "Is rather a mistake on your part. If you have tho chance of going into good society, tho moro you see of it tho bet ter." "Not for an actress," she said, with decision; "and we are reaping the benefit now in being left to ourselves." I think that the most curious effect of his re union with Kit upon Gregory AUson was. tho fact tnac no una always co suDserviaio uis piuns anu wishes to hers. Not that she was in the least bit dictatorial — never was anybody less so; but for tho last three years she had been In tho habit of always settling all questions for herself, and It had becomo a habit with her that sbe could not defer to the opinions or indeed to the wishes ot others. Their very tour, ot course, depended upon her engagement with Lawronco Callaghan, and. in a certain sense it fretted him that she had only three weeks at her disposal. However, they returned to London in tlmo for her to attend tho reboarsnls for the reproduction of tho great play, and for a wliolo week they religiously went to a theatre every night, for, as Kit said, she had so littlo clianco of seeing what others were doing that sho had not the smallest chance ot getting a wrinkle from anyone else. ... ' ; He soon found that 'tlioro was ho'going to other theatres or stirring In London without Its being known that Kit was Miss Malllnder, tbo actress. Every evening, In whatever theatre they went to, Kit held a little court between each of tho acts, and Gregory Alison soon found that Kit's world set but little store by him; Indeed, ho found him self continually elbowed to tho back of the .box with but scant ceremony, and It was .evident that the majority of men, nnd ladies, too, who came to pay their court to Kit believed him to be some ordinary hanglng-on young man. Once or twice Kit forgot to Introduce him, or, did. not think those who came to visit hor worthy his acquaint ance, nnd purposely omitted to make him known to them, but on such occasions be was fretted be yond any words to express. "Don't nil those Johnnies know that I'm your husband?" he asked, rathor crossly, ono night, when several young men had reluctantly betaken tbomsolvos out of her box. "Oh, no, I don't suppose they do, dear," sho re plied. "You see, they're not one's intimates. If I wero to Introduce them to you, you. might think It necessary to ask them to come and see us, and that would be a great nuisance. I will lntroduco anybody worth knowing to you." "But I don't like your knowing all sorts of people that you don't think it worth whilo I should know," he objected. . She looked at him with mild surprise. "Dear boy, an actress can't, help herself," sho said gently. "It cannot bo necessary to your position that you should know all these people — all these fel lows." "No, not to my position; It Is one of. the acci dents thereof," she replied, smiling. "But I only know tliem like this, you know, in a theatre; I iievcr lot them cross my threshold. I should have no pence of my llfo it I did. Never mind, now, dear, tho curtain is going up." ; Ho lenned his arms upon tho front of the box and fixed his vexed eyes upon tho stage. Pre sently, however, his attention wandered to the stalls below. 'Now, who tho devil Is that sandy-headed chap glaring at you? " he asked in a vexed undertone. "Oh, be quiet, "2sald Kit; "I canR look at every- body who stares at me. Dear old boy, you will havo to got used to peoplo staring at me — I nover think about It." She would not turn her head In the direction that ho Indicated, and presently, when the curtain was lowered' for the ond of the second act, he ex claimed aloud again — . .. "By Jovo, lie's grinning at you now as If you wero a littlo barmaid!" in a disgusted voice. With n sigh Kit turned hor eyes towards the stalls. . "Oh, that's Lord Inverness," sho said, In a tone of relief. , At that moment Lord Inverness and rose In his stall. In a couple of minutes ho was knocking at the door ot tho box, anil Kit had in troduced lilm to hor husband. Lord Inverness, If young, hail still extremely good manners, and he In spite of Ills dismay at finding that Kit's soldier-husband had actually appeared on tho scone, made several courteous inquiries with nil apparent interest which ho was very far from feeling. But on the whole, Lord Inverness' visit a lit Lio mollified Gregory. "He's not a bad sort of chap," he remarked to her afterwards In tones of Immense superiority to so voung a man, "hut all these common little city Johnnies are loo horrible; you ought not to encourage tliem." .... "My dear Greg," said Kit, laughing outright, "two of those common little City Jolmnles wore young men oil vorv important newspapers, anil tho actor or actress who can afford to disregard such 'Johnnies,' as von call tliem, does not yot exist. I am obliged to lie civil, both for my own sake and for liiv manager's sake, to every ono of such people" ns those; and, besides that, tlioy aro ex tremely nice, and have been extremely good to mo, nnd I musk ask you to bo exceedingly eivil to every one of tliem. It will do mo irreparable damage if you aro not." (To bo Continued.) 