A CYCLING DUELLO. (OORYBIGHTj BY B. BANGER. 44 Author of Glamoyle, R.A," 41 A York Hypnotist," 44 John Shairp, Detective," Ac., Ac. They were two extremely pretty girls, and as conscious of the fact ob any two people whoso eyesight is ail right and who have per feet mirrors could be. There was nevep-any ' nonsense about them, either, not when they were alone, at any rate. They had been friends from their babyhood, and had worn ' blue sashes and embroidered pinafores to gether. They had gone to tbe same school— and now they were both in love with the same mas, and were attempting to keep up the old frieodliness while diacuaaiog the matter. 44 You Baid, before you came to York, that you supposed you would have to choose between the Church and Array, and so you have," said Sylvia, tbe tall, dark one. 44 If only you had chosen the Church." Emily, the other one, waB not tall, but she had auburn hair. 44 So I would have done," she said 44 if Captaio Holt had been in the Church." 44 H'm, I daresay," said Sylvia. 44 All would hare been equally well, either, Sylvia, if you had not happened to pay your visit here just now. Captain Holt and 1 would have been engaged in a few weeks, I'm sure." 44 1 came when you invited me," said Sylvia, indigoantly. " Ob, yea, of course. I know that. It was quite an accident. Still, if you had not happened to come and spoil everything! Lewis had taken a fancy to me I know. No one can help seeiog that. Still he had taken a fancy to me before you came, and I'm sure, yes, morally cure that if either of us were to go away now, then - well then, Captain Holt would remain with the other one. I'm convinced that lie is as much torn in two wayB as we are." Emily spoke the last two sentences slowly. In fact, tbe two frieoda had arrived at thia point in their discussions several times before, and it was upon thiB stage in tbe matter that the whole discussion huog. They continued it too. now, on the same side lines as ubusI. " It's all been a wretched accident, of course," said Emily, fretfully, after a pause. 44 Still— Mr. CrippB is awfully nice, Sylvia." 44 Then why net take him yourself ?" asked Sylvia, promptly. Emily rubbed her face uneasily in the cuBliiotfs of the sofa on which Bhe waB lying. 44 Trade," ahe said briefly. 44 He is no more trade for you tban he ia for me," said Sylvia. 44 And you know he has plenty of money, Emily. 41 Yea, and an irreproachable character, Sylvia." . 4 Then, it must be rather nice, in aome re spects, to be in the trade," said Sylvia. 44 You come into possession of a good many secrets. They say the reason why tbe Mar chioness of Sandshirc was so awfully civil to Mr. Cripps at the Hunt Ball, was because she owes him an endless bilL" 44 1 daresay," said Emily, thoughtfully. 44 But — Ironmongery, you. know, Sylvia! Faucy seeing your name on your neighbour's knives and scissors." !4 Pah ! Everybody admires trade nowa days," said Sylvia; 44 and Air. Cripps ia a perfect little gentleman. No one could say otherwise." 44 And heaps of money." 44 And an uncle in Parliament." 44 And brother who is a mayor." There was a pause for a minute here, as if both Bides had temporarily used up their ammunition ; but before long Emily began again. 44 If only Captain Holt would distinctly shew that he cares for either one or the other of us!" 44 Which ia exactly what he won't do," said Sylvia. 44 As you say, X believe Captain Holt is juBt as undecided as we are which lie cares for most, and the only tiling todoia for one or the other of ob to go away, unless" irritably— 44 we toss up for it." At this impossible suggestion, both girls aank into silence again. They continued in silence for some time, too, one restlessly ly ing on the sofa cushions, the otbe drumming the window panes. Presently Emily sug geBted that they should go for a run on their bikeB, which waB their usual morning occupation, but as thiB was languidly negatived by Sylvia, the silenoe continued again, uutil, some time after, it waa suddenly broken by a scream from Sylvia at her post by the window. Emily raised her head, and was confronted by Sylvia's face, glowing and radiant and flashed with a sudden excitement. 44 I've got the most brilliant idea," ex claimed Sylvia. tell you how we'll settle it. We are both convinced that if one of ua were to go away without explanations that the other would be practically certain to become Mrs. Captain Holt. Then let us ride a bicycle race for it ! Why not ? Let us put it at the end of a race. Tbe one who wins remainB here. The one who loses has to un dertake to go away from York at once — without auy Explanation to Captain Holt, of course— and leave tbe Held clear for the other. What do you think of it, Emily ? It would settle the matter without aoy chance of quarrelling or ill-feeling. What do you think ?" At first Emily was, perhaps naturally, decidedly taken aback by this uovel sugges tion of Sylvia. Perhaps Emily was a little less up-to-date than her friend. At any rate ahe sat looking Bomewiiat out of breath at first, as Sylvia continued to pour out the manifold advantages of her scheme; and it only gradually that the whole beauty of the idea as seen by the other began to dawn on her. 44 It sounds very like the tessing-up that you suggested a while ago," she said, doubt fully, at first. 44 Well; why not?" asked Sylvia, reck lessly. 44 We have to decide the matter Bomehow or other."— Sylvia was known as a pioneer in original movements amoogst her friends— 44 Why not put it at tbe end of some effort which we can both make? and both agree to give up to the one who wins without ill-feeling?" It was evident that Sylvia could Bee noth ing but what was splendid in her proposi tion, and whether it savoured strongly of the ap-to-date aide of the girls' characters of which they were so proud or not, at anyrate, in a few minutes Emily, too, begaotosee some of the unique beauties of the idea. 44 We both ride something alike, don't we?" she said, 44so it would be fair in that re specL" 't Of course it would," said Sylvia 4,Then it settles the whole matter without chance of disagreeing. And it will be perfectly lovely to ride a real race for a real prize— and I think it's tine." She went to the window to settle tbe ques tion of the weather. Perhaps the fact just mentioned by Emily, that both girls' riding abilities were about on a par, had a good deal to do with their idea for the settling of their difficulty. Or, ratber, ft was another aspect of that likeness— that both were practically little morethao beginners in the art of wheel ing that made them so ready Coadopt this special method of putting the matter to the test. In other words, the bicycle craze was yet in its first stage of raw newness with thesegiita. For although It might seem strange, con sidering how abreast with the times tbe two were in other respects, yet they were not at all proficient as cyclists yet, which owing to the fact that both had been brought up— up to six months ago, when Emily had come to live at York—in a remote Yorkshire village, where the toads were far too hilly for cy cling. In consequence, neither of the girls had done much on the wheels until three weekB ago, when Sylvia's present disastrous visit to her friend had begun, since when both had spent the greater part of the morn ings in the saddle. And as it was this comparative rawness as bicyclists that led the two to look upon a bicycle race as a matter of enjoyment in it self, so it was, perliapB, the same youthful- ncss in the art that led them presently, when Emily's diffidence at the scheme had worn off, to choose the distance that they did for the ride. They suggested York to Malton at first ; but as Sylvia learnedly observed, that would not allow opportuniteB for both 44 pace " and 44 stay." , Perhaps one might prove to have one and one the other; and then York to Scarboro' was suggested. Neither of the girls knew much of the road ; but many of their acquaintances had ridden it often, as they both knew. The only objection that tbey could see to tbe Scarboro' suggestion, was that the sky was a little overcast. But neither of them bad ever ridden a long dis tance before.- Neither had either of them had any experience in wet roads; so they decided on the Scarboro' route cheerfully, And within half an hour of the tirBt mooting of Sylvia's original idea both girls were in the saddle. They bad had an hasty and early lunch. Esch girl had also a small flask of cognac in her pocket, and then they were off on their novel race, which seemed at first in danger of losing its interest as a race for a husband, in the zest with which the girls went in for it from a bicyclist's point of view. They set off erect and smiling, each girl in her prettiest cycling costume, the flasks of cognac resting snugly in their poc kets, and tbe only cloud in the prospect being the very actual one that still hung in the sky. So the race began; and the first seven or eight miles of it went off splendidly. This had been about the extent of the girls spins hitherto ; and as they had never felt unduly fagged at the end of them they had con cluded that they could do a much longer spin if necessary. And they did not feel at all tired now, when they drew up at the first Stop ping-place — Bartoo-in-thc Willows. According to tbe road map this place waB half-way to Malton, which is, in its turn, half-way to. Scarboro, and the girls con gratulated each ether oo both their pace and stay here as they dismounted to breathe. The only drawback, so far, bad been that, from the force of habit they bad generally forgot to try and get in front. Each found herself taming back to call to tbe other or even to wait for her. But they decided to be more careful in fulure. Both were determined, however, and even the misfortune of a heavy shower of rain which fell from the overhanging cloud while the girU were in the Inn at Barton, did not "damp their ardour. It succeeded in damping the roads, however, as, when they were in the saddle again, they discovered. Then they remembered, too, that they had not ridden on heavy roadB before, and thoy crumbled a good deal. But presently they settled down to remember again that they were raciog. Then it was splendidly exciting, they said. They had frequent opportunities for judging each other's powers now,forthey passed each other every few minutes during this part of the race. The second half of the distance to Malton was naturally the most tiring, how ever, as both said, as they dismounted again at a little village three miles on tbe York Bide of Malton to rest for a few min utes. Each had a little of her cognac here I also, put in a bottle of lemonade which they bought at the inn ; and they declared, as they got into the saddle again, that they felt quite fit for the rest of the joorney. But at Mal ton tbey decided to stop and have a second lunch. Perhaps both girls were feeling a little tired by tbis. It was on the length of pre vious spins of theirs that they were talking, at any rate, as they Bat before the file at the hotel where tbey bad ordered lunch. They arrived at the conclusion that the present effort was exactly five times as long as any previous one. Then tbe roads were so bad, too, they mentioned again. They had never ridden on heavyioads before, and they hoped that the man with whom they had left their bicycles would clean them thoroughly well. But the lunch made them feel better until l-hey got up to face their machines. And then each was appalled to find that her stiff ness was worse for resting it awhile, yet neither of them Baid anything of this to tbe other. They mounted their bicycles in Bilence here, the only remark being a query from Emily as they pushed off as to whether, according to the road mapB, this second half of the journey were not some seven or eight miles longer than the first. And Sylvia replied that it was. It was half-past two as they left Malton. There were tweoty-tive miles yet to cover, and they must try to get it in by the time darkneBB fell which would be about half-past four. Yet it was astonishing bow soon there seemed to arrive a suspicion of dusk in the atmosphere. Another eight miles brought them to Knapton. This had taken them rather more than half an hour to accom plish. It was a little after three when they reached here, and already there seemed to he a darkening in the East. However, it was here that the most exciting incident of the race— so far— took place. Sylvia arrived here so tnuch in front of Emily that she was able to mount again and ride away as Emily drew up at the inn. It seemed as if pace were likely to win, for both had agreed in the earlier part of the day, when tbey had ridden so much together, that Sylvia seemed to have it for pace, and Emily for stay. But a little more than two miles past Knapton, when Emily waB again in tbe saddle, she passed Sylvia sitting under a hedge, her machine resting against agate. Perhaps by this time bothgirlB were begin ning to own themselves that they were tired. They had passed each other at Knaptou, and where Sylvia was sitting under the hedge almost without a word, and Emily had Baid nothing to Sylvia of the fact that her hat was on one side, while Sylvia had never mcn- Lhat the pattern of Emily's veil had como off in fancy-trellis- work on her nose. However, a few minutes after Emily had passed her Sylvia dragged herself up and on to her machine again. She was strongly tempted to try walking and pushing the bike, but that would not get her on very fast. She mounted aod code on, and the next ioo she rode determinedly past, hoping that Emily was inside. Yet she was very tired now. bhe Jiad never bad really aching limbs in her life before, and ebe had not 'expected It would be as bad as thiB. It was growiog darker too A village dock struck the tbree-quarterB after three, and it would plainly be quite dark before they oould reach Scarboro'. Sylvia dismounted to light her lamp and consult her road-map again. She hoped that she bad passed Emily some where, and as she bad several times daring the past qoarter of an hour ridden a doftn yards or. so with her eyes shut, in reckless fashion, it was quite possible that she might have done so without knowing if. She sat under the hedge again to consult her road-map, wondering half -dreamily where Emily was, and quite unconscious that, not a hundred yards away, another white road-map was flickering ont ghost-like in the dusk, where Emily leaned against a gate to consult it. There was still another fifteen miles to be done yet, and presently Sylvia doggedly mounted again and pushed on. She almost wished she had not ridden past the last inn now. The thought of a cop of tea with her remaioing drop of cognac in it occurred to her— and possibly Emily might be as belated as she, though, as a matter of fact, the thought of riding into Scarboro' first in triumph was beginning to look a somewhat poor affair to Sylvia now. .Then another inn threw its ruddy, welcom ing light out into the dusk, but a sadden fresh accession of determination here caused her to resist her former desire for tea. She asked for and had a bottle of soda-water with the remaining brandy in it, and then she poshed on again in some style, until she approached another inn not a hundred yards away. Perhaps a couple of drunken navvies at the door of tbis place helped Sylvia to ride past it. At aoy rate she did pass it. Then on again. A hill came next, and she fancied that walking and pushing the bike was easier than riding; but she believed that falling off it under the hedge would be easiest of all. It was becoming a rather dreadful affair now. bhe wondered sometimes where Emily was. She bad had no idea tbat a bicycle-race of forty odd miles would be like this. It was almost quite dark too, now, and Scarboro' was probably yet twelve miles away, which seemed to Sylvia something like twelve hundred would do on an ordinary occasion. Yet she rode on for another ten minutes, and then another blessed inn fire flickered out in the landscape. She wonld stay awhile here, she decided. She drew up at the door, think ing how these places seemed to swarm in this neighbourhood, and how like to the last one, where the arunken navvies had been, this one was, not knowing, all the time, that she had made a circuit in the darkness, and ridden back to the same place that 6he bad passed ten minutes ago. She tumbled off her machine, and, asking in a faint voice, for a cup of tea and a private, room, she turned aside into what she supposed was indicated as the latter, and, finding n sofa and table there, she Bat down on the former, and, laid her head on the latter, determining to push on again, very BOOO. Perhaps half-so-honr, or more passed while Sylvia rested in this litle inn parlour. Apparently her order for tea had been mis understood, for no one disturbed her while she sat still, not daring to look at her watch for fear five minutes should have passed. But, although Bhe felt hazy about some things, she knew that her tea had not arrived yet, because she had decided that the rattling of tbe tea-things when they appeared should be the signal for her to lift her head. Then perhaps she fell asleep. Perhaps the hazy thoughts about bow very far away the other side of the room seemed when she thought about getting up to walk it — never to mention Scarboro', twelve miles away- passed into dreams. At any rate it was quite an liourafter the strange lady had been shewn into tbe deserted bar- parlour and for. gotten, when a strangely familiar sound suddenly broke upon Sylvia's ears and caused her to raise her head with a start. Yet the sound was only that of a very quiet ordinary man's voice, giving a still more ordinary order for hot port, at the bar just outsideSylvia's door. And tbe gentleman who gave tbe order was &Ibo; quite ordinary-look ing a little nattily dressed man, with, how ever, a certain air of wealth and standing about his appearance aod his manner of quiet composure. But Sylvia, hearing the remark, saddeoly sat upright in her corner in the deserted bar room. She listened for more. The colour that had so long been absent from her face returned to it, too, as she beard further re marks outside— a qniet 4( Thanh you," then a general remark about the weather. Still Sylvia sat with head erect, apparently think ing. For two or three minutes she sat thus, the colour coming and going in her cheeks. Then she suddenly seemed to make up her mind. She felt if her hut was straight. Then she coughed. At the sound of tbat cough — rather a prolonged one— tbe little gentleman outside started. Then he put down his glass, pushed open the door of the bar-room, aod confronted Sylvia with a startled face. 44 MisB Bruce ?" be exclaimed, in evident astonishment. Sylvia smiled. 44 How astonished you look, Mr. Cripps." she said, in a6 ordinary a voice as a girl who was a mass of aches and bruises could as sume. 44 1 — I have been bicycling and— er — have got lost." There was more truth in the last remark thau Sylvia knew. Mr. Cripps advanced far ther into the room, still very much surprised and concerned apparently. 44 And you are all alone — at dark ?" be asked. "Emily was with me," said Sylvia, hastily, 44 but I believe I've lost her! Oh, please don't look so shocked! I really couldn't help it !— and I believe I asked for some tea, but it hasn't come." Mr. Cripps disappeared at once to inquire after the tea. Then he re turned. It appeared that he had called at this place partly on business — knives and scissors with his name on again, no doubt; but what a trifie that appeared at present. He sat down a little nearer to Sylvia now, and when her tea appeared she persuaded hira to join. Indeed, they became quite friendly over it. But then they alwayB had beeu moderately friendly. And Sylvia was so bewilderingly plea sant to Mr. Cripps during tea, that it was no great wonder if he sat a little nearer still to her on the settee after tea. Fortunately he did so, bnt Sylvia did not quite know yet how to bring the conversation into exactly tbe channel that she wished until presently an idea occurred to her, and she said, softly: 44 Oh, Air. Cripps, 1 have been wanting for ever so long to apologise to you for beiog so rude at the tennis ball. " 44 Rude to me?" exclaimed Air. Cripps, amazed again. 41 Yes, at the tennis ball, you know," re peated Sylvia. ' But I was not at the tennis ball," said Mr. Cripps. 44 Ah, it was the hunt ball, then !" 44 1 was at the hunt ball, but — I don't re member your being rude to me, Miss Bruce, unless " Neither did Sylvia; but the conversation was going more as she desired now. Mr. Cripps had come oearer still. " You seem to have been different to me since then," she murmured. Then Mr. Cripps drew nearer still. Bnt there still seemed to be a moment of inde cision, of want of perfect understanding. And then Syjvia raised a pair of brilliant, feverish, audacious .eyes to the young man's, and somehow, that seemed to finish it . off. Mr. CrippB cne nearer still; next instant he waB saying something incoherent about the hunt ball, andjrishing he had something Io forgive, and thpflvia's head was on his shoulder; and then it was all finished. \- Five minutes or 'mo after that, a .new arrival appeared at the inn door, ThiB was a weary, -fdriorn-lbo'kiDg girl, with -a fancy trellis-work patteen bn her nose.and pushing a bicycle before her. She pushed her machine into the sanded passage, nod then, giving some order at the bar, she also, as look would have it, turned aside into tbe qoieit bar parlour. There Bhe was met by the sight of two people who made her exclaim; anjofter Sylvia had risen with as much alacrity and grace as her aching limbB wonld allow, aod pushed Emily into a chair, and after a few more exclamations and explanations had ensued, Sylvia said to Mr. Cripps: 44 Shall I tell?" 44 If you don't, I Will," said that gentle man radiantly.'- So Sylvia told; and when tbe recital was over Emily rose— stiffly — and, forgetting congratulations, apparently, she went out of the room to countermand an order about her bicycle. Sylvia followed, and linking her arm within her friend's in the little sanded passage, she said: 44 Emily, I wish never, never, to hear the name of Captain Holt again. < I hare been doing the best I could during the last half-bour to provide for my never hearing his name again.' ' Emily- raised H pair of haggard eyes to her friend's-face-fN either do 1, ' she Baid, with emphasis. J ' However, Emily changed her mind. Sylvia did not; arid Mrs. Cripps and Mrs. Captain Holt are still the beet of friends. (The End.) 