theTmissing heir of callonby. By Mes. G. Sheldon, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels," "The Masked Bridal," Etc. CHAPTER XXIV. "is he not dead 1" Back, with a terrible, suffocating force, flew the life-blood upon the heart, of Madge at these words. A low cry of ter ror parted her pale lips, and her eyes gleamed wildly, as, turning in the direc- tion whence the voice proceeded, Bhe be held a tall, gaunt figure standing close at her side ; but even in her fear, she noted the fact that it was not the knight of her dreams. She started back affrighted, stumbled, and would have fallen, had not the crea ture put forth hu hand to save her. It seemed like the touch of the dead, that cold, clammy hand, with its claw like fingers, and the flesh shrunken from the bones ; and wildly beating it from her, she turned hither and thither, seek ing frantically for some way of escape trom the fearful, startling presence. The evil, sinister face of the wretch took on a pitying look, as he saw the fair girl's extreme terror, and with a reassuring voice, he Baid, as he, too, moved a step or two from her : " I will do ye no harm, fair lady, so do not fear. I do not wonder at yer fright, for 1 never was a pleasant companion at my best, and much less bo now, when I'm just ready to drop into the grave, for a young and tender maiden like yourself." He was a swarthy-loeking fellow, and much emaciated, while a hollow, racking cough interrupted him at every other word. He had piercing black eyes, while coarse, shaggy hair and whiskers, hanging in disorder about his haggard face and neck, made him repulsive in the extreme. Had Mr Dispeau been in his daughter's place he would have recognised in this wretched, dying being, his companion in the ruins, on that moonlight night, when he so startled him in the old library, a year previous. Time, dissipation, and hardship had done their work, and this accomplice of Lord Callonby's, whom he so hated and feared, was evidently in the last stages of ccnsnmption, and not long for this world. "No, do not fear," he repeated, in a sad voice, as he saw Madge's fear was only partially Bubdued, " and do npt try to fly, for ye will only become bewildered among all these alcoves and passages. It is lucky for ye that I happened to be hiding here, else I fear ye would have a hard time ef it finding yer way back to the park again. Now I can guide ye, my lady, if ye will trust yerself to me. Sure ye needn't fear the. like o' me, for one push from yer little white hand wonld measure me in the dust." He smiled grimly as he Bald this, and, holding up his hand, Madge saw that- it shook from very weakness, and, feeling mnch relieved, she said, though her voice trembled : " Thank you, if you will be so kind as to show me the way out, I would like to go back at once." She was eager to breathe the pore air of heaven once more, and to get out of the uncanny place as soon as possible, and she took a few ha3ty steps away from him. "Nay, nay, my lady, ye do not half trust me yet (and it is no wonder, either), but I swear I would not harm a hair of yer bright head. If it was the old lord in your place, though, I could not promise so much for him," returned the man, with a half-suppressed oath, which was followed by another severe fit of coughing, making the echoes ring dismally through the weird place. "Ha 1" said Madge, suddenly, her fear all gone, and implicit trust in him in stantly taking its place, at his words. " Why would you harm Lord Callon- by ?" she asked, ever on the alert where his lordship was concerned. " Because I hate him — because he lives upon the fat of the land, while I am starving ; yes, starving, miss, when a few crumbs from his table, a few shillings from his pocket, would serve to keep life in me a little longer,' he whispered, hoarsely, and with a tiger-like gleam in his fierce black eyes. "And won't he give you something? I can hardly think he would allow any one to go hungry from his door when he has Buoh abundance," returned Madge, in surprise. " Ah, maybe not as a general thing, but he does not care how qnick I am out of the way ; the sooner my body lies under the ground the better for him. But I'll haunt him while I live ; he Bhall not take his ease with his ill-gotten wealth, while there is breath in this poor old wreck," and he beat his hands wildly upon his breast. " Yes, "and my ghost shall hanht him after I'm dead," he continued, in a fierce whisper; then added, dejectedly: " But one doesn't know mnch about what he'll do in the other' world ; it's not very pleasant to think "about, especially if one hasn't lived the right kind of life here. Do yon believe, miss," he went on; an eager look shining in his sunken eyes, " it is any good to repent of wrong at the end of life 9 It cannot right the wrong, I well know, but will sincere sorrow do the poor sinner any good, do ye think, miss 9" " Surely we have the promise of for giveness, if we are truly, sorry for sin," replied Madge, the tears gathering in her eyes and feeling a deep and sudden inte rest in the poor wretch. " Thank ye ; but — well, I'm not sure — it doesn't matter much whether a ne'er-do- well as I am is saved or not ; there's no one but the old woman who would care, anyway ; only it would be pleasant like to feel sure I'd get a welcome from her, and a sight of her honest old face t'other side. But blesB yer sweet, pitying eyes, miss, I'm not worth such a look as ye give me ; if it were not for the sad, sad face of a girl, lovely as yerself, that rises up before me in my dreams, I conld rest more peace ful like. She was a sweet girl, old Lord Cuthbert'B daughter," he went on, in a musing, rambling.way, and Madge's heart, leaped at his wordsj " and her Bunny face was never clouded with sorrow until her sore trouble overtook her. Ah 1 her heart-broken cry rings in my ears now, as it did when she saw his body a-lying there in the grand old castle hall, and it was enough to melt the heart of the devil himself. It was too bad, too bad." " What do yon mean 9 Of whom are you talking 9 Do you mean young Cuth- bert's body ? ;P lease explain, for I do not understand you," cried Madge, eagerly, and almost breathless with ex citement, for she began to think the man must know a good deal concerning thiB very mystery in which she was so deeply interested. " I was talking abont Miss Nora, bat ye don't know anything about her maybe, for ye be a stranger here, I take it, or ye wonld have known about Elfin Grotto, and her name is never mentioned now, the servants tell me," he returned. "Yes, yes, lam a stranger here, and thongh I have never been in this grotto before, yet I have heard of the beantifol Mi— Callonby, and that she was very un fortunate in losing all her friends. Put tell me, please, what yon meant by her brother not being worthy of her tears and sorrow,' Madge pleaded earnestly. " Ah, bless your boDny heait, I did not mean that, for a . finer lad never breathed" the breath of heaven' than young Lord Cathbert Callonby. He never ' wonld" have turned a starving man from his door ; he wonld have taken him in and fed him fall, while the winsome lassie wonld have emptied her parse to relieve the suffering of the meanest wretch on- the face of the earth. Oh, Heaven forgive me ! but it's too' late, too late I She is weeping out her dreary life in. a convent, and the' ppor young lord— HeaVen only knowh what has become of him." " What ! he is— isn't hedead?" almost screamed Madge, a wild, wild thought for the first time sweeping through her mind. The toah'B talk waB rambling, and so: often interrupted by his dreadful cough that she could not clearly understand all he was Baying. Bat this last suspicion — it took away her breath and strength. What cOnld it mean 1 "No one would believe so strange a story from such a rascal as I am. But I could tell — I could tell if I choBe. Oh, the curse of sin — the curse of sin to the poor ! but the rich! " he cried, raising his voice to a shrill, despairing cry, ' the rich may sin, and sin, and sin,' rolling themselves in the blackest infamy, yet gold will keep the curse from them. Oh, Heaven, what a world 1 The poor are the sinners, the rich are the saintB. But his is the gnilt, not mine, for he bought me with hiB gold, his bright, yellow gold, that would buy food and raiment ; It is all gone, and now I am starving, starving, while he is filling his stomach with the luxuries of the earth." The wretched man here sank npon a stone exhausted with his excitement, and another violent fit of coughing seized him, which Madge snrely thought would result in the rapture of a blood-vessel. Her heart ached for him, he was so weak and ill, and the thought of his fearful hunger was agony to her, while at the same time she was consumed with the desire to learn his secret. It was evident he wss tormented with one, yet hardly dare reveal it, while with it preying constantly npon his mind in its weakened state, he had not strength to resist talking abont it in Hub indefinite way. His obscure allusion to young Lord Cuthbert had set her brain in a whirl, and the suspicion to which it gave rise that he might still be living actually made her faint with excess of joy, on Nora's account, and yet she dared not believe too much on so slight an anthority, for he had spoken so brokenly and enigmatically. As soon as the man had recovered from his coughing she went nearer to him, her former fear now all merged into an intense desire to learn the truth. " My poor man," she said, compas sionately, " you are weak and sick ; you are hungry and faint ; if you will guide me to the right passage leading from this grotto, I will go and get you a good breakfast. Bnt first tell me what you meant when yon said, " Heaven only knows where young Lord Cathbert Cal lonby is." I thought he was dead, and his body sleeping beside his father's iir' yonder church - yard ; but your wild, strange .words have aroused a suspicion that it may not be so ; that he may yet be living. Yet how such a thing can be I am at a loss to imagine. Tell me — explain it to me, I beseech yon, and I pledge yoif my word that I will in no way implicate you, and you shall be well cared for as long as yon live, in return for your confidence." "No, no, young lady ; it is not for ye to ferret out the dark secrets of this family ; ye might lose yer own bright young life if ye Bhonld attempt it, and I daren't tell ye. Ah, if I but knew where the gentleman lives who tried to buy my secrets from me a year or more ago, it might do some good ; bat for a fair young lassie like ye to be meddling with crime and that old rascal yonder, it won't do at all, and rising, he beckoned her to follow him and led the way through the passage by which she had entered the cave. " Ah," thought Madge, light breaking in upon her mind as she folio we'd" his feeble steps, " this is the same man whom papa met in the ruins of the old castle without doubt. I hardly dare tell him whom I am just yet, lest he should play, me false and expose me to his lordshipj in the hope of getting a new supply of gold, and that wonld rain all our plana at once. I will try once more thongh, and then go and get the poor wretch something to eat." They soon reached the end of the narrow passage, and Madge once more conld discern daylight. " Will you tell me if you know whether young Lord Callonby is really living 9 I beg you will reveal the truth, and I solemnly promise I will not rest day or night until he is found and restored to his rightful heritage, and this I will do withont causing Hie least suspicion to rest npon yon," she pleaded earnestly, as he stopped and motioned her to go on. " I do not know — oh, I do not know, for sore, my lady, no more than yer own sweet self," the man replied, his face convulsed with pain', and "wringing his hands. "This much I will tell ye, for the gentle pity ye have bestowed upon an old wreck' like me : He was alive' on that day when poor Miss Nora grieved and moaned so over what she saw in the grand hall; but whether he is dead or alive now, the body lying under that head - stone, marked ' Lord Cathbert Callonby, aged twenty-two,' be not his — it is— it is— aha There, young lady, there be the way into the park." He Btopped suddenly, and pointed towards the light shining into the outer grotto, with his long, bony, shaking finger. " Oh, tell me more —whose body it is, if it is not Lord Cnthbert's 9 I cannot, go with all these horrible thoughts in my mind. I pray yon will tell me . more, so that I may have something to work upon, and you shall have gold, food,' wine — anything you ask!" and clasping her hands" before him in her eagerness, she looked like some beautiful angel beseeoh- ing Lucifer for the restoration of some soul from perdition. " Ah 1 no, no ; I've told ye too much already ; bnt, fair lady, I'm weak — I'm sick, and have no power over either mind or body. Ye never knew what hunger is like, did ye, miss 9 May ye never know sorrow of any kind— but; oh," it Ifl'dreadf ul to be so hungry — so hungry 1 " He tnrned away from her with a gesture almost of despair, and tottered back into the darkness, leaving Madge standing there bewildered and nearly crazed with what she had heard, and that last fearful moan of his " so hungry, so hungry," ringing like a knell in her ears. The tears started from her eyeB as the echo of that despairing cry died away, and with the speed of a doe, she flew back to the castle, and up to her chamber withont being discovered, as it was still early, no one bnt the servants being astir. ' A sadden determination had seized her as that poor, hungry, dying man left her, and, ringing her bell, she threw herself npon her conch, and covered her earth- stained garment with a silken qnilt. A servant soon appeared. " Mary, I have not slept at all well, and am very faint ; will yon please bring me np a cup of coffee and a slice of toast 9 " she asked of the girl, in her sweet, gracious way. " Yes'm, sore an' I will," the girl re plied, and went eagarly to do her bidding. " Sure an', it'll be a pleasure to wait on the likes of any one who would aak a favor of a servant in that way, so different from Miss Maria," she told the cook in confidence, while with her nimble fingers Bhe arranged the dishes on a massive, salver. Madge's eyes brightened as she re turned,; bearing not only . the requested coffee and toast, but a plate of cold tongue and chicken, a dainty dish of jelly, and a' tiny basket of silver filled with lnsciqas purple and white grapes. " Thank you, Mary ; you are very, thoughtful," said .Madge, bestowing "a gratified look : upon the tempting array, that was worth more to the girl than a. month's wages.would have been j and Bhe returned to her duties below, which were brightened all day long by that little ray of sunshine. Madge hastily drank the cup of coffee, for she was really faint from excitement and the loss of sleep ; then, taking a little basket from her table, Bhe emptied the contents of the" salver into it. Going to a closet, she brought forth a.small flask of wine, ana a . heavy travelling shawl, and .after, replacing her hat, she quickly and noiselessly made her way downstairs, and out into the park again, and soon found' herself once more at the entrance of Elfin Grotto. She entered withont fear, and' passed quickly along the dark narrow passage, intent only npon her deed of mercy. She called alond as she reached the inner grotto, bat was answered only by a faint moan. Glancing toward the spot whence the sound proceeded, she saw her companion of a few moments bef ore lying prone npon the ground and panting for breath. "Are you hurt— did 'you fall?" Bhe asked, compassionately. "No, no ; hungry— bo hungry," he breathed, in gasps. She bent over him, and gently raising his head, put the flask of wine to his' lips. He sipped a little, bnt was evidently too weak to make much of an effort. She let him rest a moment, then gave him more, and soon he Beemed to revive a little. " Can yon eat something?" she asked, as she saw him glance eagerly at the bas ket by her side. He nodded his head, and snapped his jaws with a force that startled her. She put a small piece of bread in his' hand, which closed over it with a vice like grip, and by the dim light she conld see that his eyes burned with a tiger-like gleam, and she shuddered as Bhe thought of the suffering he must have endured from his hunger. " Eat it slowly, and yon shall have more when that is gone," she said, but the last morsel was swallowed before she ceased speaking, and his trembling hand was Btretohed out for more. She knew there was danger in allowing him to eat too much, so she broke off small pieces, and soaking them in the wine, fed him very slowly, and soon had the satisfaction of seeing him appear mnch stronger, and the pinched, famished look wearing oat of his face. "I have brought yon more in this bas ket, but yon must not eat it now, for it will do you injury." " I know," he Baid, with a sigh, but not offering to take more. " Here iB a large, warm shawl, and if you will wrap yourself in it and sleep awhile, I do not think it will harm you to eat again when you awake. I wish you could go out of this damp place, but I -suppose you are too weak, and I should not know where to send you, either." " No, no ; I am better off here," he said, uneasily. " Well, rest here until afternoon, and then I'll see what can be done, and I'll bring you more food then," said Madge, rising to go, " Thank ye kindly, miss ; ye are very considerate toward a poor wretch like me. Bless yer tender heart , it makes me think more and more of gentle Miss Nora," and he brushed his hand hastily acroas his eyes. " Ye will not tell anyone, please, miss, that I am hiding-here ; I'll go away as soon as I can get the strength," he pleaded, as Madge prepared to leave liim. " No ; I will say nothing to anyone who would wish you any harm ; bnt never mind that now. I will come again to Bee you this afternoon' and perhaps yon will be stronger then." And, with another caution not to eat again at present, Madge left him and hastened back to the castle, fearing that she should be discovered, even now, be fore she should reach her room. Bnt she was not, and, hastily exchanging her soiled garments, she went down to break fast, smiling, rosy, and cbeerfnl, yet with nerves that vibrated painfully -with" every word which was uttered during the meal, CHAPTER XXV. ' buying a corpse. Madge intended to seek an interview with her father immediately after break fast, and relate to him her 'adventures of the early- morning ; also her1 strange dreams of the night previous, which to her now possessed a peculiar significance. She wanted sympathy and advice, some one to lean upon, and who would strengthen her with cheering words, for she was becoming depressed in spirits, with the nnnsnal strain npon her nerves, bhe loss of sleep, and the intense excite ment of her strange experiences of the past few weeks. But she was doomed to disappointment, for during breakfast Lord Callonby pro posed an excursion to Maybury Towers, a place of some renown, abont ten miles distant, where they would spend the day picnicking, and exploring the grounds and buildings, and then return home by moonlight. The proposal met with instant applause from all parties, for Maybury Towers had a tragic interest connected with it, and, among other thingB, it was said that the tower itself was haunted by the restless ghost of a young and lovely aucheBS, who was murdered on her wedding night, only three hoars after her marriage, by ah un known hand. This of itself was sufficient to inspire the least romantic with enthusiasm, while the prospeet of the ride home by moon light brought a deeper tint to the cheek of more than one fair maiden, and a ten der light to the bright eyes which drooped, consciouslvbeneathrthe-glances of anticipation bent upon them by. several young gentlomen of high degree, who wonld doubtless act as escorts upon the occasion. Bat Madge had no heart for it ; she was eager to solve the mighty mystery in which she was so deeply interested ; besides, she was wearied out, and needed rest, and did not feel equal to the effort of making herself agreeable and entertain ing, or pretend to enjoy what wonld only be irksome and tedions to her. She remembered also her promises to that suffering wretch in the grotto, and her sympathies were more with him than with any prospeot of plessnre for the present. Yet she knew the excursion was planned partly in honor to herself, and it would be ungrateful and impolite to refuse to go, or to do anything to mar the enjoyment of others. So she con cealed her disappointment as best she could, and assented to every arrangement which his lordship saw fit to make. She resolved to Bpeak to her father, however, as soon as breakfast should be ended, and ask him to arrange for her to remain at- Callonby,. if possible ; but he immediately became engaged in conversa tion with several gentlemen upon arising: from the table, whioh rendered that plan, impracticable ; and, soon after, a bevy of young ladies .gathered around,, and occu pied; her attention . until Lord Callonby, who had left the room a few moments bafore, - returned and said : . — " Come, ladies and gentlemen;, the carriages and horseB will be at the door in a very few minutes, and those of -you who prefer to go on horseback must arrange it with each other at onee." ' There were instant excitement and: confusion, and, amid mnch laughing and. ohattingy the transportation of the entire party was at length arranged, after which- there was a general scattering among the. fair sex to don riding habits and dainty., pienic costumes. ?h Madge was among the last to leave the; room, -.hoping, even at that late moment, - to get a word with her father ; hat he did" not see the wistful glances which she cast': in hiB direction, and with reluctant!, steps she passed.out into the hall. Her mother was just preparing to go; upstairs, and she noticed .that she leaned! heavily against the richly carved railing, - and was moving mnch more slowly than" had been her wont of late. Ever watchful, : and fearful- of .her- old trouble returning, she flew to' her. side, and asked, anxiously : " What is it, mamma 9 . Are yon not well this morning ?" "Yes, dear, quite well ; only a Blight feeling of faintneBs came over me just now. Do not be anxious ; it will soon pass, and I shall be myself again," Mrs Dispeau returned, and trying to smile away Madge's uneasiness. \- It did not pass, however, for she was panting painfully before she reached the top of the stairs, and Madge had- hardly helped her. to her room before she- sank down nearly unconscious, and her heart: was flattering like an imprisoned bird. The young ;girl was much impressed, and would have rushed to call her father, but a motion from her mother prevented her. " Do not be so alarmed, my darling," she said, speaking with difficulty, and seeing her blank, frightened face. " Go to my diessing- case, and bring me a little gilt flask yon will find there." Madge flew to do her bidding, bringing at the same time a bottle of ean de. Cologne, with which Bhe began to bathe- the loved face and head. Mrs Dispean took a swallow from the flask, saying : " This will help me— I will soon he better ; ' and so it proved, for the color ere long began to return to her face, and she breathed easier ; the painful throb bing of her heart grew lesB and. less, until at length she became quite comfortable. Madge was relieved, but not satisfied. A long time had elapsed since her mother had had such a severe attack, and she feared her old trouble waB abont to retnrn again, and Bhe knew from experience that there was great danger attending these fainting turns. Her resolution was immediately taken, and Bhe refused to leave her to join the picnic. Mra Dispeau coaxed and entreated, saying she coqld not think of having her give up her pleasure to wait upon her, as she knew she would be well enough if she only remained quiet, and there were plenty of servants to attend her. But all to no purpose ; Madge was firm, and glad enough of the excuse to remain at home, - although she did not confess it to her mother. "I should be anxious and miserable all day if I should go. I can excuse myself, and they snrely would not expect me to leave you sick. No, mamma, 1 cannot go." Mrs Dispeau saw she was determined, and gave up the point ; and Madge, 'has tening downstairs, sought her father, and acquainted him with the trouble and her decision, and then turned to make her excuses to the company, who were nearly all ready to start. " Do you go with the party, my daugh ter, and I will stay with mamma. She has tested my abilities as nurse before, and knows I excel in that capacity,'' Mr Dispean said, smiling, yet hiB face taking on a somewhat startled expression. The young people all favored this pro position, and pleaded eagerly for Madge's company. Lady Callonby offered politely to remain and keep her mother company, and said the honsekeeper should attend particularly to her every want. Bat the fond daughter was firm. Shaking her bright head decisively, she said, with,, flashing cheeks : " Thank yon all very mnch, but please do not urge me, for I Bhonld be miserable' all day if I should leave mamma as she is now," and Bhe added, with a little con scious smile, " I know no one who can do quite so well for her as I — not. even papa, for all he is so vain of hiB nursing." Mr Dispeau had been np to hiB wife's room while they ware striving to prevail npon Madge to change her mind, and returned juBt in time to hear her last words. " I am afraid we shall have to give np the point to thiB little piece of self- conceit," he said, laughing, and playfully pinching Madge's cheek, adding : "I find Mrs Dispean far from well, but she is accustomed to these attacks, and, when she begins to Improve, her recovery is: qsually rapid. There is really no particu lar need of anyone bnt a servant attend ing her, and I really wish Madge would go " " No— please, papa," she whispered ; then said alond, with a little added dig nity : "Indeed l. cannot accompany yon to-day, and, although! I dislike to make any break in the party, I mast beg to be excused," and with, a slight obeisance she left the room. Lord- Callonby: insisted , on having Mr- Dispeau's company, and he, knowing' that there waB -nothing at all alarming in his wife's, condition, consented, as he felt that one of . them at least ought to repre sent the family ; -and it was with asigiu of content that Madge soon af ter saw the! gay cavalcade 'sweep "down the avenue, aud she' then nestled , down beside her mother's couch, -glad of a quiet day all to herself. (To be Continued At'arecent examination 'in a ' village school, a class of infants were beingqnes tioned on natural-hjstory . - After several questions, the inspector asked: "What bird that comeB from Africa has wings bat can't fly 9" The class was dumbfounded. Thinking to enconrage them the inspector offered a sixpence to the little boy or girl who could, tell him.. After a few -seconds' hesitation, a little girl of four years put out her hand. "Well, my little . dear," said the in spector, " what is it ?" and was . almost paralysed by the reply : ' v "Please, sir, a.dead 'un 1" Lord Nelson once sent his coxswain with a note to Lady Hamilton, with orders to wait for a reply. When her ladyship had read it, she said to the sailor : " I suppose I shall have to give Nel son's, coxswain a drink:; what shall it be, a pot of beer, a glass of grog, or a drop of punch 9" " Bless yer ladyship," said Jack. " I ain't a bit particular. ,.P11 take -the beer now j and I can be drinking. the' grog while yonr ladyship's mixing Hie punch for me." . 