THE MAN- IN THE STREET SAYS ' That the trip to Newoastle was most enjoyablej but the journey back was Very trying. . . That the Wollongong musical repre sentatives acquitted themselves in a highly creditable manner ab the New castle Eisteddfod. Thab they falsified the predictions of, tho3u local criticB who declared they would have ' not the ghost of a show' against the Northern singprs. That in tbe male-chorus Illawarra was represented by only 25 voices, while each of the others had about 40. . 'l'hab in ^ the' second choral competition Illawarra had fewer voices ? than tbe other choirs ; while in the chief choral competition the winneis had 130 voice', Illawarra 103, Glebeland 110 and Walls enc) 105. That Mri Fegan, Ministor for Mines, was qiiitirsurprised'ab Illawarra running] Newcastle so close-for. victory.; '.r That .on. 4h0 verandah' of thb Gtreat' Northern Jiotel sib' iiTewca'stle oh Thurs day might' have been seen Mr. W. Rogers, manager Wf Mt, Kembla Colliery, engaged single handed'in (in argument with half a iipziS iN-e^-Biistle citizens respecting- the Port Keinbla ha'rbor schetne. That there , is no doubt the harbor matter is at present a Edro point _wi,th. the Newcastle folk,' but' the soreness will soon wear away. That the Concord golfers are delighted/ with' Wollongong. Tliab..they say the chief fanlb with the looal linJts is the distanced some of tbe teeirig- grduiTdJffrcim the holes. That' the AR)ion Park School of Arts bazaar'b'egins on Wednesday next. . . That an immense amount) of labor has been thrown into the preliminary arrange ments of the bazaar by the ladies of the district. ' j Thab a gratuitous falsehood naturally gives itself away. ; --'i--. That; at Mr. A, J. .Walker's Abere , are '?on view sotne capitally-execntfed oil paintings, i'pme of which depict familiar 'scopes 'Jarouni . AVqllongong.-' ' Tho' .pic- tures are. the Workjof Mr.' F. A. Erank ;lin.-: j-- ? ' ; ? TbatrMifG.' W! Prott must be very mu6h''f bgcolor ' at Rand wick' this' year, as he: has not. -for a wonder figured at all prominently. Thab the new rifle, to which he has never become accustomed, is said to be the cause of his failure. Thab it sometimes curbs a bachelor to bridal him; -. Thab Rov. John Dymock, whose con dition'a day or two ago was so low that it was feared be could not possibly re cover,- has taken a turn for the better and there is now hope of his regaining health and strength. Thab if you don'b want to trade with the devil keep clear of the law courts. . That Mr. John Osborne, late editor of the Australian Star, hai been appointed to the dual positions of secretary of N-.SiW. Public Service Association and editor of 'the journal which the associa tion intends to establish in Its interests. . Thab- it; is surely an anomaly that while a -letter from Wollongong to Shell harbor requires only a penny stamp a letter jbo Dunmore requires 2d. That) Shellharbor letbers from north paBs. Dunmorfe. That, according to Mr. Johnston, the sole survivor of the Dunbar wreck, there were nob wore than 20 people present when he was rescued from bis perilous, position, bub thousands have since do clared'to bira and others thab they were present on the occasion. 