LiADIKW OOJL.UMN ENGLISH LKTIEB. Soen we shall have to begin to talk about those halt-yearly blessings ao dear to a feminine heart— the sales: theogh ws seem only just to have finished dispooag of ths purchases made by as at ths winter sales. I kaow for a faot that ths means of having delightfully up-to-date materials will be ready to hand for us, beoause I have inter viewed certain authorities on the subject, and, therefore, this week I have been setting dowa various models, whioh will be conven ient for using the materials which we shall inevitably aoquire during these exdting times, and also for fitting us out well for the holidays, when it is a duty, as well as a pleasure, to attire outselves in the freshest aad daintiest style possible. And knowing that madias will t-e aaong the articles which we shall secure, I want to tell fou of some of the most stylish modes whioh saw tor the Goodtrood races. ? ? ? ? ? One of the most attraotivs ot these was a large -patterned oeriss aad white muslin, made up over a foundation of the same brilliant ahade. Bather startling, you will say; but theogh, perhaps, it may sound absurd, I must tell you that the impression it made on me was that there was too muoh of it to be startling. The whole effeet was good. The skirt boasted two deep flounces, one above the other, and the upper one was headed by four rows of cerise and white ribbon, very narrow, aad gathered into the usual little raohe. The under, or lower, flounoe was only allowed two rows of ths trimming, aad each was bordered with lace. ? ? ? The bodice had ita little peculiarity, as every sdf-respeotiag bodice must have nowadays. Instead of everyone being alike in garments of one prevailing cut and shade, It is considered good form to have yonr own distinctiveness, aad a woman who wonld have the oourage and also the position to set the fashion of carrying her hat by its strings instead of wearing it on her head, would be hailed by au admiring crowd, delighted at finding something original. ^ Well, you have not forgotten the gathered ribboa of oerise and white with whioh the skirt was trimmed. This figured very largely indeed on the bodice in question ; in faot, a deep yoke was formed of many rows ot tt, and a very pretty effeot it had, quite novel aad oat of the ordinary. ' And so easy,' I murmured to myself when I looked at it, thinking of the friends of Oub Hoxa | who liked to employ thslr olevernees in making things with their own hands. Bat if you would use the idea, mind and get the stripped ribbon, as it was this that gave it snoh a good effeot. ^ ^ There was a beautifully arranged shonlder drapery ot very soft oeriu silk mousseline, arranged fishn-wise, and drawn down to the left eide of the bodloe. It fastened with a great bow of broad ribbon in the two oolonrs, whioh also composed a twisted bdt round the waist ; and this brings me to a little faot whioh yon ought to know. Almost every dress boasts some sort of shoulder drapery now, generally ot ohiffou, aad this style of trimming is aot intended only for moslin or silk gowns, bat appears also on cloth and (oashmire in the mast reckless fashion. e ? ? This idea of mixing up materials in rather a strange way grows in publio favour. There was one skirt whioh I particularly admired, and, by the way, the rumour is oorreot that the very, very tight skirts are on the wane, or, rather, the love of them, I should say ; ths skirts are beginning to show a faint suggestion of a fold, or a ghost of a gathering, at the baok, and the foundation of tbe sjdrt I am going to describe now, beina: only made this week, had this hopeful little suggestion. ? ? ? The foundatioa was ot white silk, ivory white, and the muslin (for, ef oourse, it was muslin) was of a delioate faint heliotrope, with violet cornflowers all over it. It had a pointed front and two very full scalloped flouaoes, whioh were bound with rioh violet velvet. This gave them a solidity whieh is aot expected of a muslin. This was not all, however ; each flounoe was sdged above the velvet with a narrow, butter .coloured Valenciennss laoe, put on the wrong way up. I hope you understand this. Inst sad of the lower edge of the laoe going te the lower edge ef the flounoe, it was reserved. ? ? « The bodice had a very full draping of violet-edged ohifloa ia many frills, aad a vest of violet velvet, with the high Frenah eared ooliar. Each aar was edged with butter-ooloured laoe. It had elbow sleeves of muslin, with the frills of nhlffon. These latter are troubleaome, but the beauty of the elbow sleeve is a very powerful compensation for it, and I u- sure we shall not eomplaln. 