ju ciil - --TJI f - r MZ—A^ THfl ™ft™.• • - J&hte; \--M ^J f - .. r - ^.w,-* : ^ .. • . • ! „ jjy Mfffffifiny Coalipj. - • |S-annt ISl.^nd i don't belieVe lnl-aay of them. wTheyW-jnostly «13iy and purposeless, and evl dentlymaae up; but one story that foalotev x?all a "5JSH£S-Srt - . « . ^.taefeBUonfcrtelfle ana bridettSr S f l ^ , wtac^uuiicu, «u a-a and go ^ringto fethet all over the worM relymg ou the tender memes of hotel-keepers and chamber-maids for their comfort, .seeing nothiqjglral: to speak to but themselves, taking, as It jsefems to me, the surest possible way to grow tired of each other. No, if they' Vent d\ray "at all, they took some of the wedding guests away with them, and went to a friend's house — somewhere within a drive very likely — that had been made warm and comfortable fop them beforehand. "Wben my cousin, Eveline Burke, was married to Dick Marchmont, it was arranged that her two bridesmaids, my cousin- North and myself,- giddy young women of seventeen and eighteen, shonla so with them to D—, a country house belonging to-the Marchmonts, as I was told. Wben there are several estates in the family, all, except the favored one, are apt to get somewhat neglected and become mere storehouses of old pictures and tapestries and lumbers of all kinds that would clash .sadly with the more modern furniture and appliances of • the actual family seat These extraneous homes are generally presided over by an old housekeeper, who .gradually grows as yellow and musty as the parchments in the xnuniment room, and as faded and (decayed as the tapestries on the walls. But there was not even a housekeeper at D . The gardener, who lived in the grounds, and neither dug nor delved, and a laundry woman who had no washing to do, gave, it an eye now and then. However, Dick's uncle, the present head of the family, was anxious to lend him the house for his honeymoon, "assuring him that it only wanted-'airing' a bit, and that Dick, however desperately in love he might be with Eveline, would be glad of the excellent fishing afforded by the lake iri the park—after the first few days. "Dick, of course, scouted this theory— any place would suit him so long as he had Eveline; but he gratefully accepted the loan of D——, as it happened to be conveniently near the Burkes', and woxdd allow him and his bride to take part in the festivities given in their honor, and yet reach their temporary home before nightfall. 4 "Norah and I, who were to go with them, rather enjoyed the idea of having a rambling old country house all to ourselves—for . we hardly counted Dick and Eveline—an old, romantic mansion, replete with every ancient discomfort, to reverse tbe saying. We were a little disappointed "when we beard there was no ghost, and, though it was in Ireland, hot the very remotest chance of moonlighters. However, we flattered ourselves we should enjoy our 'honeymoon,'as we persisted in calling it, for we were devoted to- each other, and the ephemeral attachment of Dick and Eveline was nothing to our strong and lasting passion. We meant Jto be friends all our lives, and we were not at all anxious for the advent of the detachment of our household party who volunteered to come down in a day or two and keep us amused. "Early on the morning of the wedding day three or four, servants were sent off with our luggage, to make the house ready for us, and after the wedding was over and the toasts drunk, Eveline and Dick, Norah and I, got-into a chaise, and away we went with four horses over roads that a coachman nowadays would think too bad for anything but a country waggon. "It was a long, long drive, and, though we bad started in tearing spirits, we got dreadfully tired, not to say cross, in the course of four mortal hours' jolting. It was quite .dark when we turned into a gloomy .avenue, of beech trees, but on approaching the bouse we could jnst make out, against the red sky, the great gaunt boughs of a tree that looked as if it had been struck by lightning. I don't suppose any of us , thought it odd that the drive.-was grass-grown, the gate unbolted, the tree not cut down—we were not particular in Ireland in those days! The windows of the house shone like burning-glasses in tbe sunset, so, that at first-1 thought the house was on fire: The hall door stood open, it was all friendly and hospitable-^and casual! Oar servants were all hidden about the house like rabbits in their burrows, and the hall was absolutely empty as we came in, but they had lit a real good peat fire, and a good thing, too, for there was the most dreadful, all-pervading smell of damp about the place you can conceive. "Norah and I opened at least a dozen doors each before we thought of taking off our bonnets iand pelisses, or sitting down to the supper prepared for us. We stopped to look out of the window at the lake that lay gloomily a few feet aWay, the water just gleaming green and blue under the last faint streaks of twilight It was melancholy; the stricken tree was melancholy, the wash of the water was melancholy. Tm rather glad there is no ghost!' said Norah, slipping her hand into mine. "Then we supped, and held each other's hands under tbe table, just like Dick and Eveline; iind at nine- o'clock, when we had 'got rid of them,' as we put it, we went lip to the large bedroom that liad been assigned to us. It was oak-panelled, it was gloomy, it bad a large four-post bed, hung with chintz of a faded pattern, and would have held four such slips of girls as Norah and me. There was an immense chimney, like another room, and a horrid cupboard at one end—Just the place for a ghost!' murmured Norah. cheerfully. "We began to discuss things — everything, in fact, as young girls wilL Our eyes were heavy with sleep, but we nibbed them; our feet grew cold and we warmed them at the fire. There was a clock somewhere fair away' that struck the quarters, and we enjoyed bearing the -time go, and made up our minds to sit up till twelve, like grown-up people. "Twelve began to strike at last. That clock had a strange, hollow sound. " 'I am really and truly glad there is ( no ghost' Norah had said for thfe third time just before it began to strike. 'It would have happened ia.t the stroke of twelve' whatever it was! It always does.' "At 'six' she shivered a little, at 'eight' she grasped my hand, at ten' she half closed ber eyes and whispered, 'Something'is coming!' '"Nonsense!' I began; but the ^non came on the last stroke, and I never got to sense, for a series of astonishing and perfectly dreadful shrieks ran through the house. We innocent country . girls had never heard anything worse than a pig's squeal or a lamb's bleat, but this was the real thing and no mistake. It was the yell of a man in agony; it was every-possible* kind-of human noise that could be evoked by . terror. Groans— moans-series—then along the passage tbe strange, lumbering: noise,; "as if some beavy thing were being rolled jor dragged slowly along. On it came, nparer and nearer, and tbere seemed to be with it a sound of footsteps and a strange, intermifctent jingling noise. We felt tbe floor gar under our feet with the weight that moved over the boards outside. Oar door "was dose to the head of a little staircase—we knew what must happen;* ! we beard the bump bump of the thing, whatever it was, being rolled carefully down the steps. Tbere-were thirty steps; we counted thirty bumps, that seemed to beat on our very hearts. Then there was a silence; werememberedthere.was a door at the bottom of^ the staircase— not that we .had-ever opened.lt; it seemed to lead into some cellar—and Norali jolted the*door of •<«» ii^eall j5f ^opening It "to see f what wast here, like xrJilBter coward' that sjieTSraBJ-: -"V; 7.TT,'.-'" ' _ ' "I, for one, was no bolder. We both were shivering as ire had never shivered on the coldest Winter night, and, ou , feetifcbattei'ed litocastacete. jta the they fiarted 'up before gotog out, I sftW her pale face, and knew mine was as s pale as hers. * ' have beard of people's hair turning grey « in one night from fear; bat 11 suppose when tlle ^ ^ came and found us lying -on the bed: just as we had at test fallen" asleep in our clothes, we imust have looked very unlike the two healthy girls /wno had come there only twelve hours-before. Our old servant came in and scolded us for not going to bed properly, iand, perfectly conscious of our woe-begone looks, and feeling as important as persons who have had a long and painful illness, we went down to breakfast. "Dick and Eveline, who had evidently heard nothing,, would not take our story seriously at all, but alluded to.fried fcoans and bacon the night before. Then they shut themselves up in a kind of morning room that had been rigged for JEveline, and we wandered miserably about till the evening, when my eldest cousin, Walter, and his wife-Ursula came down to D , We told our sad story afresh, of- course. After .our short, uneasy siieep of 1 :the night before, we looked . ghastly enojigh to make them believe we really had gone through something! : "Walter and Ursula had been married a couple of years" Al were not .'so wrapped up in themselves as Dick And Eveline^ They helped us to make a thorough search. One of the rooms in our corridor had been made ready for the new-comers, and looked as little ghostly as possible. The other at the far end was a perfectly 'ordinary but cheerless room, built at such an angle that it never got any sun, but not otherwise disagreeable. For this reason, and aiso on account of its close, mildewy smell, no one bad chosen it 'The ghostly procession would appear, to start from there,' laughed Walter, and he and Ursula volunteered to sit up with Nora and ine till twelve o'clock. We accepted eagerly, and at night we had a good.ftre lit plenty of candles, and sat down to have a jolly evening. Ursula was very gay, up to a certain point, bat at ten o'clock I noticed h_sr eyes begin to shift uneasily, and she ieft off talking whenever the clock struck the quarters. Walter, who I know fancied that Norah and I, with the impishness of schoolgirls, had been taking them all in,- grew convinced of our seriousness when all his efforts to tease Norah—she was as teasable' as schoolgirls generally are—. failed to elicit a single giggle. I felt as if every nerve in my body was uncovered, ready to quiver at the first shock of the repeated horror. It was like having a tooth out twice over. "We were all quite silent when it began to strike midnight. Walter looked gloomily into the fire. I looked at Ursula. She was very still. I said in a low voice, 'Ursula!' She threw back her head and fainted-dead away just before the stroke of twelve, but nobody attended to her, for exactly on the stroke, of twelve the shrieks rang out again and.again! "Norah covered her face,Walter sprang up, seized a candle and opened the door. We all followed. The noise approached —there came the rolling sound on the oak floor and. the metallic jingle—and then a rush of cold wind swept through the open door, and left us in darkness! "Norah tremblingly lit a match, and her eye fell on Ursula, in a dead faint. She called Walter, and Ursula came to a little, and clung to her husband, and begged him to stay with her, and would not let him go. The noises had ceased. Walter was dreadfully vexed at having been prevented from following them up. Then, with a candle eaeh, we walked along the passage. All the doors were fast; not a window was open anywhere to account for that icy blast, that was more like a breath from a cold church vault, than the mild airs of a September night. "We made. no more investigations after that. Walter bore Ursula tenderly away to her room,, and we girls tried to sleep. How could we? Next day it was determined that everything should be done to clear up the mystery of our nightly disturbance, and before dark all our arrangements were made. Dick and Walter again examined the empty room at the "end of the passage,' and locked the door: and Dick put the key in his pocket. They sounded the walls, they sounded the floor of the passage, and had a lamp put on a shelf just over the door of the empty room. A number of candles were taken to our room and lit, until the chimney-piece looked like the altar of a Koman Catholic church. Walter, had secured an old stable lantern, Which he thought would, stand the breeze better than our host of candles. "Dick and Eveline, who intended to share our vigil, had a brilliant idea; it was to have supper spread—and a good one, too—in our room, so that we should have something to do besides sitting opposite each other-and solemnly staring into each other's faces. A little Dutch courage was also suggested as .an addition. Ursula promised not to faint on condition she was given none of it. Dick and Eveline, who came fresh to the scene of our terrors, and-whose nerves, were not shattered by the repetition of two such nights as ours, were gay enough at first, while Ursula, too, who had contrived to be in such a taint the night before as to hear nothing, was quite herself again." But at half-past eleven we had finished eating—Walter had ended all bis stories—Norah couldn't sit still—there were dreadful pauses, broken only by labored remarks from one or the other of us about anything but the subject in hand—tbe only one in which anyi-ody was really interested. iBut I remember Dick saying to Walter, 'I think you are quite overdoing this Jighting-up business, it will frighten those rascals, and they will lie . by to-' night, and we shall be no wiser.* "He evidently thought it a; case of thieves or moonlighters, and I noticed a revolver sticking up out of his pocket and I fancy Walter bad one, too. "As midnight drew near we were all absolutely silent. There was the faint sound of the water washing against the little landing-stage by the lake-side, and; the fall of the embers in the fire—nothing else. The night was extremely still and very dark. The birch boughs that grew close up to and touched our windows did not make the slightest stir against the glass panes, so there would be positively nothing to account for the rushing wind in the passage, if it should come- again. "At last it began to -strike twelve. Walter took up his lantern -in one hand and his revolver in the other, and stood, Ms hand on tbe latch, ready to throw open the door at the slightest sound. He waved his hand, to keep us all back, but it was curiosity, I am afraid, not courage, that made us gather all round the door, behind him and Dick. "Nine—ten—eleven—twelve-^and then that dreadful cry! ^'Walter opened the door and stepped out, and the flame of his lantern flickered wildly in the blast of ice-cold air that swept into the room and-extinguished every candle but one. It did not go out however, and he flashed itdowu the passage, and we all looked over his shoulder and saw at the extreme end of the corridor what seemed to be a deepening of the, shadow about the door: of the en^t^ rpoin. Then, to our wonder, this shadow seemed to gather into shape, and passed slowly'towards-as along die passage. Boiling-round and round, a dark shade two or three feet blgh^as a mist cloud'Is polledi when Hie west wind arises and drives it jdown a river valley. The cries and voices had ceased, and as this unaccountable shadow passed along, the flooring creaked, and we heard a hollow sound, so e^ctly like that .caused by a great cask or barrel being rolled along, that it was Impassible not ^..MieriBJthst Wft grfifc^.w^teb-, ing some sucl^thmg jnjshed akmg,;and . 'turning round ^and round as it passed. I Not one Ji&nd; > or foot as jt came on. Wie eren stood back to let -It go by. °1$lStiy ^-realrfng over t the r boards, it passed" up and came to _ iJie heail- of the staircase. Tbere it stopped , for a moment; and then began to riffl I down. We followed.' Step by step, as we had heard it the past two sights, we now sa w -It go, and «tole after it . "'TJ-pre is a door at the foot of the stairs,'gasped Walter.. " T have all the keys,' said Dick. "The semblance of thfs ghostly bairrel stepped for a moment at the foot of: the stairs. The "door had a slightly raised sill, too narrow for Its passage* Exactly as if it had been raised by human hands, the shadowy barrel was lifted, and, after being poised for a moment on.the" sill, rolled in arid seemed to fall on to. hollow-sounding stone floor. "Walter put his hand out. 'Give nre the keys,* he said. c "Dick banded him: the bunch, and, after trying one .or "two, the door yielded and we went in. .It was a. small, square cellar, perfectly empty, perfectly • clean, with four bare walls and a-window- Mgh up. closed by bars, but. -without glass. That was alL . " 'Whatever it is, it is here,' Dick" said, solemnly: "but it must, wait. tSl morning.' . He put his arm .round Eveline, who stood shivering beside him. "Come, darling: you ought not to. be. here." 1' Besides, ifs over for to-night Go 1 back to your rooms, all of you.'- He locked the door of the cellar, and we all - filed upstairs. again. • . 'Next day Dick, liaviiig sent ior Dennis. the gardener, despatched- - him for men and implements, and. by twelve o'clock a little group of workmen, under the superintendence of Dick and "Walter, visited the cellar.. We women-were not strictly invited, but it was found impossible to keep us out, emboldened as we were by numbers and.the whole-, some daylight Every stone of the flooring was removed, and under one , of : them d heavy pine barrel, of ancient make, was discovered and. opened by a few strokes of a hatchet. ." "• "We: girls; looking over the men's shoulders, saw that it was empty, except for a whitish,, substance. ", and buried, among that, a bunch of keys and a watcb. , . 1 'Nofthing else! It was explained to us that the white substance was quicklime, which will destroy any human remains in the. shortest possible time. The watch was an old :fashioned turnip watch, such as gentlemen used to wear. The jingling noise we had heard-' was obviously made by the bunch of keys, which were attached to a bulky cluster of valuable seals. They were at -once sent to Dick's uncle. "Dick's uncle proved to be very uncommunicative in the matter, and it was allowed to drop. But Eveline, some tame after, in a moment of confidence, informed Norah and me that the watch bore the Marchmont crest and certain initials, which made it easily traceable to a member of the family, while among the keys were two which opened chests in the house where old Marchmont lived. One of these chests had been broken open, and a new key made—the other, then considered of no interest, had been allowed to remain in a deserted lumber room. 1 " 'And did they open it?' I asked. "'Yes.' \- 1 ' " 'And did they find out anything?' '"They found papers relating to the owner of the watch.' " 'They know his name, then?* " 'Yes,' said Eveline, portentously. 'It appears that he had been foully murdered. . . . and. . . . " She suddenly grew reticent. 'I am not going to tell you anything more. You are two dreadfully curious little girls, and Dick has particularly forbidden me to reveal family secrets.' " 'Of a discreditable nature?' said I, pertly and rudely, urged by my baulked curiosity. 'Every family has a skeleton in the cupboard,' added Eveline, 'any- family of any age and importance", at least,' . " 'A skeleton in a cupboard Is a very respectable thing to have,' I retorted. 'Very! But yours is only a .ghost in a tub!'*"— "Black and White." 