POETRY. THE TUGS OF SIMPSONVILLE. He was dirty, dark and artful, and they called him "Saltbush Bill," But we didn't recognise him when he came to Simpsonville: It's a sort of one-horse township out be- yond the Cobar track, Where the sun's a perfect scorcher and the dust would choke a black! Hot! Great Scot! It was Hell, with some improvements-- worse than Booligal, a lot! Saltbush Bill arrived at sundown for Hennessy's "three-star," And he shouted for the jackaroos a-stand- ing in the bar, And he introduced the subject when he'd liquored up. Said he "I'm no English duke or nobleman a- tracking round; not me! Shout? No doubt! But I ain't a bloomin' squatter nor a shearer just cut out! I'm in Simpsonville on business and I claim to represent The most wonderful neuralgia cure that any could invent, And it's known as 'Brown's Neuralgia Dice;' the price a bob a die, And you rub it where the pain is and the pain is bound to fly! Sell? Oh well, Just you wait till I have finished and you'll have a chance to tell. Then he brings a pickle bottle and he puts it on the bar; (It was full of peas and fastened down) and says, "Now there you are! I'm the liberalest bagman that was ever on the rounds; If you guess how many peas is there you get five blanky pounds! Fair and square! And the nearest guess will get the gonce as sure as you are there! Well of course we goes to rush it, but he says "One moment there! I am no escaped loonatic nor eccentric millionaire! I'm no travelling convalescent and I ain't been very ill, Nor come to view the scenery surround- ing Simpsonville! Yes! You guess! But you have to buy a bobsworth of the cure! Well, here's success! "Now I want a hundred guesses, which will make the fiver sure, And the landlord holds the money just to see you all secure, And I leaves a hundred samples of the cure inside the bar Which he sells and pays the money to the winner. There you are! Me? I'll gee! I must introduce the remedy in other towns you see!" In the morning came a swaggie with "Matilda" 'cross the flat, Whom we recognised immediate as a bloke called Jack the Rat; And he listened to the story, then went over to the store And he bought dried peas in bagfuls till there wasn't any more. Rot? 'Twas not! Why you haven't got a notion what a head that bloke had got! Now it first struck Joe the Spieler it would be as good as gold, For to get a pickle-bottle and see just what it would hold. He was always on for pointing, and as artful as you please; But he went all round the township and he couldn't get no peas! See? Not a pea! It was just the same with Jackson and with Dogherty and me! And the bobs they kept on pouring in; the time was drawing nigh; Joe was savage, so was Dogherty and Jackson, so was I! Spare me days, I think the lot of us was looking after peas! When one day I meets that Jack the Rat as simple as you please. "Me? Got peas? Yes, I'll sell you at two bob a pint, as many as you please!" It was something like six times the price, but what was I to do? So I bought 'em, and found afterwards that others bought 'em, too. Jack tho Rat was so delighted with his honest trade's success That he shouted for a dozen, and he also took a guess. Swear? Well, there It would simply freeze the marrow in a bullock-driver's hair! When we had the bottle opened, it was not half-full of peas, For it a corncob in the centre took the space up, if you please! And the clever blokes who measured they were out by half a mile, It was Jack the Rat who won it, and he wore a peaceful smile! Toast? Great Ghost! In about a week the landlord got this letter by the post, "We had things to do in Melbourne, so we thought we'd get away, But desire, as we are leaving, most re- spectfully to say, That we're thankful for the kindness of the tugs of Simpsonville, And remain, yours most respectfully, Jack the Rat and Saltbush Bill." Catch 'em? No hope! And the "remedy" was little squares cut out of a bar of soap! \--W. T. GOODGE. Tho Buhop of WorcMter. pwing through Banbury, bethought him of tho otto for which tbo place ha* becomo famou*. Wlabing to U«t tho doaerta of thi* reputation, he ealle-l a boyt *5^ ,n* nuirwl tbo prieo »-( tho caW*. Th^J ponce each, dir.' Tho Blahop banded him iUpenco, a«ked to hare one Wight, adding, a* tho boj w«t-t qff, ?? With the other threoproeo you oati bur ono for yonratU.' Tli' W raturnrd, munching hi« Banbury with oridtnt en. lovment, and handing three Coppora to tbo Biihnp, o*cl*itT)«-lf M Thero «r«s only ono left, guT'n'jr.' M There i* nothing liko » yarht,' ho aaid, Aa on th« beach tK'jr ito#i:t. ?? Oh, I don't know,' ihoanawred ??A «m*fk i« »juito a* good.' 