A JAPANESE TEMPLE FOR CHILDREN. In Osaka, Japan, is the famous teniae Tennoji, the most remarkable part of which is its bell-tower, a two-story, Chinese-look ing structure, where there is a bell called the liido-no-Kane, or Guiding Bell, because its sound is supposed to guide the ghosts of | children through the dark. This is what a I writer says of it:— i "The lower chamber of the bell tower is j fitted up as a chapel, and as I stopped before the entrance to observe the image | in the shrine, I suddenly became aware of an astonishing array of . unfamiliar objects. On shelves and stands at either side of the shrine, and above it and below it and be yond it, were arranged hundreds of children's mortuary tablets, and with them thou sands oi toys—little horses and dogs and cows, and warriors and drums and trum pets and pasteboard armour and wooden swords, and dolls and kites, and masks, and monkeys, and models of boats, and baby tea-sets and baby furniture—toys modern and toys of a forgotten fashion, toys accu mulated through centuries, toys of whole generations of'dead children. "From the ceiling and close to. the en trance hung a heavy bell-rope, nearly 4 in. in diameter and of many colours—the rope of the Indo-no-Kanee. And that rope was made of the bibs of dead children—yellow, blue, scarlet, purple bibs, and bibs of all intermediate shades. The ceiling itseir was invisible, hidden by hundreds of tiny dresses suspended there—the dresses of dead" children. ."Little boys and girls, kneeling or play ing on the matting besides the priest, had brought toys with them to be deposited in the chapel before the ■ tablet of some lost brother or sister. Every moment some be reaved father or mother would come to the door, pull the bellrope, throw some copper money on the matting, and offer a prayer. Each time the bell sounds some little ghost is believed to- hear, perhaps even to find its way back for one more look at loved toys j and faces. "The clanging of the hell, the deep hum- ! ming of the priest's voice reciting the ser- I vice, the tinkle of falling coin, the sweet, j heavy smell of incense, the passionless, golden beauty of the Buddha in his shrine, the coloured radiance of the toys, the sha dowing of the baby dresses, the variegated wonder of that bellrope of bibs, the happy laughter of the little folks at play on the floor—all made for me an experience of weird pathos never to be forgotten." 