THE MESMERIST'S GRIME, .PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. :®- 3L«. ? Author ot "The Great PorUar Square Mystery." ",Grif." "The Sacred Nugget," "Miriam Rozella," "A Fair Jewess," "The Betrayal of John Fordham," . ' ; "The Golden Lafid," &c;„ &e.; COPYRIGHT. ! CHAPTER X.'— (Continncd. Gravely as she spoke she eould not command , her voice; hoi- eyes' filled with tears. Tears came easily now. "Well, well, madame," said Dr. Weber, "be hold me as a friend, not as a physician." ' During the ensuing fortnight he paid seve- ' ral visits to Crow's Nest, aiid' making quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at a conolu- -slon, . . ' "She must have change of air and change of scene, he said to Mauoray. ui tne .rwo J believe the latter is the more important. She has something, on her mind over which she is brooding, and the quiet, routine of her . life here may be injurious. Map but a three months' tour, and' do not. stop three days in 'one place. -Take her to theatres whel-e light pieces and light music are being pia'yed. A little frivolity will do no harm." . When the, project was. unfolded to Gabrlelle she assented to it gladly, even 'eagerly; it: was as 'if a weight were lifted from her soul.; From Maubray's also; his heart grew light at the relief expressed in. her countenance. He showed her the plan, of the tour he: had mapped .out, and spolto of the pleasure in store for them. "We will start' to-morrow," he said. "We?" she cried, and thb light' died out o£ iter face. ? ; "You, I and Valerie," he said, wondering at this change In her. ' "No, iio," she exblaimed', hysterically. "I must go alone— alone!" > "My dearest G'abrlelle-i-" But she would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and .weeping; she cried again, "I must go alone— alone!'! So great was the . violence Of her passion 1hnt he ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, hotWveiy consent tb her. going without a companion; and after much urging' and pleading a compromise was agreed up'on. Valerie was to accompany her, and Maubra'y was to remain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were, to stop no lohger.than three days in one place, it was arranged that Maub'rdy should. address bis letters to the 'posts resta'nte in the next town or city to which they were bound. "You will write regularly," he said, to Ga- brielle. "Don't ask me to promise," she. said. "The momeht I sit down to write a letter my bead begins to ache." But Valerie promised to write two or three times a week, and with that he was fain be content. So the adieux wei-e spoken, and they rode away. ' Valerie in her letters spoke more of Ga brlelle than of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, now she was not quite so well, nuw she said she was feeling stronger. Time and. time again did Maubruy express his earnest' desire to join tliem, if only for, a, week or a l'ew days, but Gabrlelle would not hear of it, and somewhat to ills surprise, he was dissuaded also by ; Valerie, who, before their departure was very anxious that ve. should accompuny them. Condemned to se clusion lie took mental refuge in work, and spent most' of ills time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrai t of his wife, absence from ' whom in tensified tiie love he bore for her. He wrote long letters' to the absent ones, and to, Ga brlelle he poured forth his soul/writing as a your- man might liaye done unaer the in fluence of the first divine dream of lovfe. If uometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety he did not detect it, having an ' eye, only to. the brighter issues of this en forced separation from those he held most dear/Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fdll. One mornlpg, without' any intimation "that he was coming. Dr. Weber ascended thei steps of the. Ruined 'T6\vetv and stood in the1 presence of his fl'lend. " - . CHAPTER XL '' ' Bernard Maubray was puttihg the flnlsliing touches to the portrait of blB'wlte, upon which t'ntil this day no eye'liad' fallen but hl's own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. ,Weber gazed upon the;beautiful Work. "It lives, Weber,";.crled the artist enthusias tically; "it almost breathes1. What say you?" . "It is wonderful!"., replied D-r. Weber, op pressed by the moufful news.fie-was entruBted toipommunjcale. The sad note In tlieCiaoolo'r'S'iy.oice drew Maubray's attention ,to hlht; b'ut jhe turned the-next moment to /the engroSsifig creation of. his loving fancy. ... . "I 'did not wish you to see it,"..' lie . con tinued, "until it was completed-. It haB been jfly principal occupation these . lost two inunths, and even now. I am scurcely- satis- fled: it is hardly worthy of the original, .but vho could hope to fix upon canvas a face and form . so perfect?; ; It; Is my gift to her upon lier. return; when she looks upon it phe will know that she has lived in my heart.. Va lerie's letters. lead me to expect that I shall \- iriot have long to wait for our happy reunion." ' : "I have heard from her," said Dr. Weber. "From Gabrlelle?" ' ; "No. from Valerie. Again tiie sadness of his voice attracted the Ulitice of the artist, and now he gazed upon ' jlis friend more attentively. "I am guilty of great selfishnesb," he said, laying his hand .kindly upon his friend's Shoulder. "It is the curse of 'our nature, li'orgive my apparent indifference. You are in trouble." "Yes, I am In trouble: but nut alone for my self. Maubray. "' There are sorrows which affect up deeply through sympathy with' those ,we love." - . Maubray's face grew, pale as. he-laid aside his palette and brushes. "You have received a letter fromv Valerie. Docs this sorrow touch me?" " "It touches you, dear friend." ''Valerie is ill," cried M&ubray.; "Then I muSt go to -her. I was to weak and irreso lute; they, should not have gone without me. I must go' to them .at once-rat once1." "Valerie is jv≪," said Dr. Weber, and his voice grew move grave. , ' "Good God! It is Gabrlelle! Tell me quickly—quickly ! Why did not Valerie, write tome? Speak, man, speak! There is some- tiilug In your face——',' - ; "Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not -write to you direct because she feared the shock!" "The shock!" exclaimed Mnubkay.'a vague; terror stealing upon. him. "She is on her way home— she will soon be here." , "With GahrielltH— oh, ihank , God! Gab rlelle is ill/but we will .nurse her Into health, My 'care, your Skill — -HIb agitation 'Over powered him, and he 'could not proceed; "Valerie comes alone," said Dr. .Weber, solemnly. , . ."Alone!" . - ' . "Dear frlehd, there are griefs which need all our strength" to- beifr. ; The'y come to all men;' it is the human, lot... But in. the midst of our anguish we ;must not- be regardless, of those, who are 's'tiil left to .us, and whose love will help 'to soften even the bitterest "strokes -of Destiny. The 'sense-'of duty remains; faith remains; and Time, the healer, will mitigate our sufferings." "Gabrlelle is dead!" said Maubray in a muffled tone, and turned his face to the wall. "Alas!" ' ' ' ' In that one word the revelation was clearly made. : . . For many minxite neither spoke; then Dr. Weber Baid, "Valerie asked me to break the sad news; she, enclosed a letter for. you." "Leave me.Weber," said the bereaved man. "Do not speak, I cannot bear it. She is gone! "Gone!" " . 'He. sank into a chair, a:nd covered his face with his hands; A blank desolation fell upon him; joy died out of the world; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The image of Gabrlelle presented itself to him, as he first saw her in Paris when love touched his heart; as he last saw her when she departed with Valerie. Had he but known — had he but known! The image' slowly faded, and the world was-dead. He did not weep; the. blow was too crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on the table, and softly, left the room. It vva's' a full hour before he stirred from his recumbent attitude, and when he raised bis head his -eyes rested upon the portrait of Gabrlelle. He had depicted her with a smile upon her face, and her lips seemed to be opening in the act of speaking. Was.it pos sible that this dumb canvas should live and, she be dead? No, it was not possible; some deceit had been practised upon , him. But Valerl.e's letter dispelled this delusion; the words swum in his sight, but reached his , sense. i'Slie died, in peace. Dear father; be comforted." A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevkabie, came from his lips. "Be. comforted!" What could comfort a . mall living in a dead world?" This was the. great tragedy in Bernard Maubray's life, but in the heart of this tra gedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, the knowledge of which would have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and with a deathless horror; a secret , which would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared indeed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter er knowledge -which lay hidden in his daugh ter's breast. So overwhelming was the de solation of his soul .that the presence of his dear clilld brought no comfort; that the pre sence of Mdme. Hartmann, who came from Paris, to .console him, brought no comfort; that seeing them day by day, with the con sciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, animated only : with the loving desire to find a way to miti gate it, was an added torture to him. "What can \ve do for you, dear Bernard?" said Mdme. Hartmarm., "Leave me to myself," he replied. "No- : thing will help me but solitude. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief." So it fell out— for their pleadings were use less — that Valerie was once more banished from his home, and returned to PariB with her a,unt. "You are not angry with me, father?" she asked him on the day of her departure. . "Angry with you. my child? No — no!" "You will send for me? ! You will let me come homo again?" "When I am at peace. Valerie, when I suf fer less, I will send for you." Ah, the pity on her face— the tender com passion with which she embraced the father she loved and honoured! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, 'the secret that brought hot blushes to her checks, hot tears to her eyes. In the solemn watches of the night? No. it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave so deep as to help her to forget, To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and he came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed. Dr. Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. "It is useless to expostulate," said the doc tor; "I am here, and here I intend to remain. Friends are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You are not over-pleased to see me. Very good— or, rather, very bad. Neither am I over- pleased to see you in the state you pre. My dear Maubray— my dear Maubray!" .The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lips. "I am glad to see you, Weber," ha salJ.z "Forgive the coldness of my .welcome." "I will forgive everything when I see the' Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray that I see now — why, my dear friend, you arc. like a ghost! Now let us bo practical. What is the matter with you?" "I cannot sleep." "For how long has this been so?" "Many months." "I am' going to examine you. No protests! I know my business, and you know yours. No denying that; and no denying either that to waste a talent— a God- given talent — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have yon painted this last year?"- "Not one." (TO DB OONTIXUBD.l 