THE FIRST SAFETY BICYCLE. "Robby Pow" Made One About the Year 1820. In the last issue of the "Austral Wheel" is reproduced a quaint drawing in the possession of Mr. P. S. Lang, of Titanga. It represents a "safety"' of very primitive construction. The wheels as shown by the "artist" resembles those of a substantial waggonette. Both are the same size, and they are fitted with a framework the very appearance of which is calculated to give a present day cyclist a tired feeling. The drawing is described as a "Velocipeda"and bears the following inscription in handwriting, which, though somewhat straggling, is much superior to the orthography. Take notice! The price of these was only £2/- l0sh in my younger days. Forty six or fory seven years ago the first move ment I think that set this now-a- days sumthing curise cheep travelling. The first of the velocipeda that I set to run by is a long time past—50 years almost. Mr. Lang contributes the following in-. teresting notes which accompany the illustration :— "This drawing is of general interest at the present day, in connection with the development of the ' safety bicycle.' It was given to me in the year 1867, by the: 'artist'—an old man in Selkirk, Scotland - of the name of Robert Pow, a stone-mason by trade. He claims, it will be seen to have made, and 'set to run,'a two- wheeled velocipede. of design not far re- moved from the present day 'safety', long ago as '46 or 47 years' before the date quoted, viz. 1867. This would take us back to say the year 1820. ... within my own knowledge that the old man did manufacture and ride such a machine at a date long anterior to that first referred to. My friend, Miss Andersen, of Selkirk, has told me that her father, Dr. Thomas Anderson, of Selkirk, had a 'ghost story' in connection with this same machine. One winter morning, very early, he was at the window of his bedroom, which faced the street, dressing himself or a visit to a patient, There was a full moon, and the snow lay white on the ground. The blind being up, he saw a figure flit noise- lessly past, apparently neither on the earth nor in the air. He was greatly as- tonished, not to say rather scared. He roused the sleeping household, and told them of the strange sight. They were eagerly discussing the event at the street door, when 'Robby Pow ' appeared from the opposite direction, pushing his ma chine up the street, the gradient and the snow being to stiff to propel it. The explanation of the moonlight ride was either the man's anxiety to keep his in vention a secret, or his fear that his fel low townsmen would accuse him of witch craft. Miss Anderson could not tell me the year in which this happened, but it was long before her father's death, which occurred in 1850. " As far as I can make out, the first re corded instance of a two-wheeled veloci pede is that of Mr. Gavin Dalzell, of Les. mahagow, Lanarkshire, Scotland, about the year 1845. My old friend Pow's was certainly before that date." 