Found Dead at Slaughter-Yard AN OLD UNKNOWN MAN. An old man about 70 years of age, whose name is not known, was yesterday found dead in his tent at Slaughteryard Hill by two young men, William Lambert and John 1 liornaa. They reported the discovery io Hancock. The man liad only been bviiig in'the locality for about a week! The i body was lying on its left. side. The eyes were a little discolored, but it is not con sidered at all suspicious, as there is nothing about thebody to suggest violence. He was seen', on the previous night by Mr. Martin, licensee of tile Limerick TEfotel. Mo was not in good health, and he several times men tioned to Mr. Martin that he was. suffering from dyspepsia. The only clue and a very likely one to his identity was a grocer’s book‘found in his pocket. It was in the name of “L). Dooley,” _a customer of M. do Luth ami Co., -storekeepers, of Wooroonooko, near Charlton. In one of liis pockets Constable Hancock found a recipe of a cure for dys pepsia. The deceased was about six feet in height and of thin build. The body was removed to the Limerick Hotel, where the inquest will bo hold to-day Although Shakespeare is sad to fcpob min,, it is pleasing to find actors determined to risk loss for the sake of keeping the Divine William upon the colonial boards Mr. Alfred Dampier is such a loving student of the great bard. Although ho makes I his money by the production of blood and thunder melodrama and other 1 robberies un-1 dor arms, he devotes an occasional night to a I Shakespearian revival. It means a loss, I ul loss in a good cause is like the "labor | we deb'ght in, __for it "physics Twin." At the Bijou Theatre, Adelaide, last Friday evening, “Hamlet" was played. Mr. x»am pier, of course, depicted the melancholy Dr no, and although Mr. D. is neither young enough nor slim enough to look the part, he is credited with having given a masterly' rendering. One of the critics says that from beginning to end he thoroughly iden tified himself with the complex character ; the pretended madness, the unquenchable ovo and the desire to utter stem truths being admirably and unmistakably displayed, Mrs., and Miss Bose Dampier wore also in the cast, •’whilst Nod Holloway (almost the only surviving representative of the good old (xmderouH style) played the ghost. George Bullet made a distinct liit as the grave digger. Lizzie, the elephant of Fitzgerald's Circus, won the affections of the Melbourne. juve niles. like Jumbo at the London Zoo. When Jumbo died, Bdmum got two shows out of him, displaying the skeleton at Boston, and •he stuffed hide at Philadelphia, after which "hey wore reversed and made four shows. Lizzie resembles Titania, the elephant of cooper and Bailey’s circus, in Melbourne, f nd the gentlemen elephants are not half so intelligent as the lady ones. Titania died ai Auckland,-from eating her keeper's mon • key jacket, with a box of phosphorous mat lies in it. The show was on the point of departure for South Africa. Jjy tho shin Golden Sea, which towed Titania far out m v, the ocean, and left her there. . Some fishermen Reported her as the ScaSarplnt. 