RELIGIOUS NEWS. ' The Roman Catholic Church.-We regret I lo ohroiueie the death ol HIN'MIR IWaiy j LlheJreda, which occurred at fclt. Joseph's I (.'oiivc-nt, iSUmley-.silieeil, Lower North Ade- \ liiide, on fSunday hist, says the "iSouUn-m j OroHB," the cause uf dwuth being pneu- . monin, suikm veiling cwi mi attack of iiilhi cii/.a. 'J. he I'Biiiams of Die demised sister | wcie removed to the Kensington Convent, w/ieiv solemn Requiem Mass was celebrated J on Monday. *1 lie iii.tei nie.nt uixenvarda j took place in tire cemetery of the Order at ' Mitiihsuii, the burial sendee bem^ p;r- j formed by J' athor Kevin, C.l\, by Very fie v. i'. Huriey. 'l'lie deceased nun, who was 27 ye-irs of .iye, came l>j thin co- I lony from ViuLoria, -vv'ijtixj lior parents, who 1 were present at tuie funer.il, reside, 1'rior ! Lo iic-r <il;iLii y^ler JvLiielrodii had hi en engaged m teaching at the Stanley-Ktroct fc»«iui>l. - 'J he achieienLs of fit. Jo.-epn's (liurcli, ljuiiii, met on Friday evening, at I the (.'oiivent schoolroom, to Ind faivwed to j the Kcv. I'aliiti-.s llaendl and Kristin, !S..J. i '1 hi: Very lit-v. leather Norton, occu pied the chair, and said lie was extremely (son y lo lo.-.e such good ami a I > je in:.ssiona- | ries. 'I he lii.ihufj ol i'oil Augusta was very , [ sorry t.o lose Lhe serviee.s ol the Jesuit Fa- [ j tlieiMj and it was through the courtesy of 1 the l'atlier-Ucr.eral «.t Rome that tiicy have ! remained so long 111 llie .North. The "Je.-Jints" v. ere leaving Australia for the diiieient, European Colleges, being called home. Al <issiT. J. F. OOTU, J). .J. U'l^aiy, T. (I'Liyriies, and W. S. Jfendry spoke of the good doi.e by tihe Rev. Fathers whilst in their midst. The Rev. llaendl and Kris ten feelingly ic.sponded, and were made re cipients of handsome presents as tokens of the rt3))eel of their parishioners. The in comin« pi'iest (Rev. Father Doyle), from Port 1'irie, was heartily welcomed. - At the St. Mary's Convents Schoolroom ou Wednesday evening a meeting'was held to bid farewell !/i the Rev. Father Ncubacur, who, alter labouring lor eleven yearn in Cenrgetown, is leaving for Furope. In de feretiee to the Rev. Father's wishes the idea, of a public demonstration wa3 abandoned, nevertheless a large and representative as I Bcmhlnge met the Rev. Father on the eve j of his departure. Mr. John Noonan, the ] Chairman, in pre-senting Father Ncubaeur with an.-illuminated address and a purse of sovereign's from the Georgetown, Laura, and Yaekumaiwondi congregations, referred lo the zeal and earnestness with which the Rev. lather had worked for no lonq in their midst, and the kindlv feelings ON regard and esteem all felt_ towards him. l^ie Rev. Father Neubaeur, in reply, thank id his people for their kindness and the handsome gifta which they had presented to him. He had worked amongst thesm for many years, Rnd had alwaye striven to do bis best for them br Catholics and citizens of Australia. The Rev. Father, who was Buffering from influenza, f^ave some inte resting reminiscences of hig early lal>oiira in the North. He will be succeeded in (!enip?ffwn hv the Rev. Father Haendl. On Sundnv week the St. Mary's Sunday school took occasion of the Rev. Father's HpproHching departure to present him with a ^cld cross trmfablv inscribed. Christ Church, North Adelaide.-On Sun day epecial services were held in ClikisL. Church in connection with the jubilee of the Church. In the morning, after the sink ing of the processional hymn, a short dedi cation service was held, when the various 1 jubilee gifta that had been presented were dedicated. The DeaJi then unveiled the two new windows in the chanceL-"The (Jood Shepherd" and "The Light of Uie World. ' _ Chie had been presented 1)/ "graceful parishione; s," the other i.y those married in the Church. The following gills were altio dedicated;-The new onmmantdl lront of tJie organ, and two new stops presented by "the congregation; prayer books and Bible presented by those con firmed in the Church; a sot of white mar kers, beautifully worked; and a nair of brass vases for the altar, cacn pre sented by members of the congregation. After tile dedication of Llie gifts matins were said, and ;m eloquent addre.-s was de livered by the Rev. I* ri-v Wis, Sector of th-afers, from the ler.t l'hii. iii., IS, 14 -"He r-.ieeth fur you." T'vj Church was beautifully decorated wuh roses and other lovely tlov.rr.s. Tlu* congre gation was hn^c, and after the ser vice many lingered in the old L'hiiivh t<> admire the additions to its beauty. Ill iho afternoon a specinl service wis held lor children, when a brass ewer for the font was dedicnted. The ewer, which is very 'handsome, was presented by special offer ings from those baptized 111 the Church nnd from the Sunday-school children. The Rev. Percy Wise took as his text 1 Cor. vi. 18, and the little ones all listened most attentively as he gave a history of fcho growth of Christ Church, and told them how God's work here was never finished, beeauso there was always something t1Mt could be made inore beautiful. Their bodies were, like Churches, temples of the Holy Ghost. The pveninu service was again numerously attended. The Rev. 1'. W. Wise gave ;( stirring sermon. The musical p;irt of the service wa.s hearti'y rendered by the choir. under Mr. Wallace Packer, oriranisl and choii-master. Baptist Deacons' Association.-A meeting of Deacons of the city and suburban Bap tist Churches was held in the Tynfe-strcet U'iptist Le«lurc Hall on Mond:iv nigllt., to consider the advisablenens of forming a Deacons' Association. Ml'. C. 11. CJuode piesidcd. Kighty-live invilatious had been issued to representati ves of seven teen Churches. There was an attendance of about forty. The Rev. E. H. Ellis, the only minister present, said he had belonged to such an Association as that now pro)K>se'l in Ixmdein, and subsequently in Victoria. Both of these had done good work. Such a Society would tend to unity and brother hood, and help the younger and weaker men. In some places there was a lack >E business methods in the conduct of the Churches, especially in connection with their finance's. Mr. H. J. Holden, the Pre sident, of the Si'uth Australian Baptise Union, adveated the forr-.at:ion of the pro posed Association. Mr. .. icdcalfe proposed that "We form a Deacons' Association." This was supported by several gentlemen, aim ' .liricd. AH". C. 11. Goode was eleoted President. A committee to Cumulate rules and the business of a meeting to be eallei shortly was appointed us follows:-The President (Mr. C. li. Goode), Messrs. II. J. Holden, 11. Waddy. W. Berry, N. J. Hone, Ilenry Bowcn, and J. T. Mellor (ifln vcuer and lion. Secretary pro tun.). 