In the Bar Parlor. ' What news of the world to night p' inquired the Boy. ?' The nsaal budget,' replied the Gloomy Man. 'Lies, licentious ness, lawlessness, lip-service, and. lollypops; brutality, bigamy, bouuoe, booze and bunkum ; rob bery, rapine, religion, rowdyism, restiveness. realitv and rot: mys tery, nraddleme&t;, manslaughter, mixed-biscuits and murder ; fight, light, right, tight, bite, spite, night, skite and ? ' ' Let us have some of the latter ; we don't want a catalogue just now. Skite something, please,' urged the Government Honse Man. ' Righto !' agreed the Sporting Man. ' That dnok yarn the Oracle told as last week is hardly strong' enough to stand alone, so here's another one I wish to pat in before the cricket season starts. Y-ra see it is never safe to mention ducks When the bat the ball does batter And tbe G.C.'s are unceasing, When th« matting is the mutter And tbe creases are inoreuing ; Wben tbe wicked little wioket Tarns u pale as any paling ; Wben erioket seares tbe orioket And tbe rail-beys start a railing ; When tbe pad the hoof ia padding And the long-atop short is stopping And the byes are starting boring And the flippity-flopa are flopping i Wben tbe Boorer starts a looriog And the umpire gets the 'amp, The bowler with the flowing bow}, The stamper on the stamp ; When point gets disappointed, And mid-on'e doing middling : When *ltp commence* slipping And l.b.w. diddling, Make. ? ' ' I protest,' exclaimed the Poet. ' I don't object to amateurs per forming in private, or for a charity, bat when a mere Sporting Person starts adoing of it in a public-bouse — well, I appeal to the company.' 'The sentence of tbe court,' said the Oracle, addressing the Sporting Man, ' is that you hence forth refrain from verse and tell yonr duck yarns in the plain un varnished blanky of the United States of Australia.' ' Like a dutiful citizen f proceed to do as I'm told,' said the Sport ing Man humbly. Let me see, I was going to say a small story con cerning docks, -wasn't I. Weil, a neighbor of mine out Kangaroo Bottom way suddenly hopped ofi bis tail the other day and went and bought some ducks from an incu bator person who lives in the country. He paid for tbe qaackers, got a receipt, promising to send for them in a week, or as soon as he got his fowl-yard finished. In exactly three days he got a lawyer's letter from the vendor informing him that if the ducks weren't removed in 24 hours ' our client ' would be under the painful necessity of refusing to hand them over until paid Is each for the grass they had eaten ' be tween purchase and delivery !' ' ' Why !' exclaimed Jim tne Luney, ' he could hardly have de manded more had i he ducks eaten all the grass between Kangaroo Bottom and Bridgewater. I sop/ pose the purohaser took offence.' 'No ; being a piesseful person he took the docks.' ? ? # 'The honest simplicity of country folks is all moonshine,' said the Canvasser. ' At least when counted by the methods of a country lawyer it seems so.' 'Lawyers don't connt,' urged the Oracle. ' They connt too blanky well,' chipped the Punster. ' But sometimes reckon without their ghost,' retorted the Can passer. ?* There was a case— maintenance or iXKae such — to be heard at a township where whisky is sneezed at as an invention of the Evil One, and beer is tabooed in the interests of the dearly beloved brethren of the hamlet who might want to make beasts of themselves if they got the chance. It is alleged that the local J.'sP. make the policeman smell the breath of every witneps iu a court cmse, and the value of the evidence is admeasured by the po liceman's private report! A local lawyer was on deck for tbe plaintiff, but the defendant was to be cham pioned by a city solicitor of some rank ai'»d experience in such cases. The courftfy lawyer conceived the notion that if he could only get his city opponent *° come )nto courfc smelling of .something strong, the defendant wou.'d be squashed flat, no matter how g'ood his case. So a friend in town -vas requested to come along on the coach with the city lawyer and load him up with -whisky en route in rbe interest of [justice; passage paid, 'buky found. The Wend vras aching for kjoke^andwtiBky^iffgouBjdtjeJ coaoh with the unsuspecting city luminary. Bat on (he way con science or something smote him. He felt a bit ashamed of the part he was expected to play, and, be sides, he was a thirsty son], and — well, he didn't approach his fellow passenger with invitations to try a drop of something strengthening for his stomach's sake, but saved the bottle for tapping with some old cronies who dwelt in the village of Cold T«a. Half an hour after the coach arrived all that was left of the whisky oonld have been oatried in a thimble; then the trusty messenger waited on his lawyer friend at the Temperance Hotel to report progress. 'Sly learned friend looks remarkably sober,' said the lawyer. ' Did you carry ont my instructions ?' ' To the letter,' replied the unabashed one, ' bnt those city solicitors have marvellous holding capacity. By the way, why didn't you undertake the job yourself P* ? Well you see,1 replied the country lawyer, ' it would be infra dig for me to be seen travelling in company with a whisky bottle.- That reminds me ; have you got a drop JbftP' The bottle was produced instanter; it appeared to be half full. 'Not here, not here!' exclaimed the lawyer j 'I wouldn't have the smell of it about my room for anything. Let us adjourn to your diggings.' So they adjourned accordingly, and having carefully shut to the door, tippled in secret. 'By jove, old man, this whisky seems weak,' said the lawyer. ' Very mild stuff, bnt — hie — I assure you it's very — hie — effective,' replied the other, on whom tbe genuine unwatered tack was beginning to take — hie — effect. ' Wouldn't advise you to take too much of it; cold tea is horrible stuff to get Hpsy on!' Then there ?were sounds of a strong man in bis agony hurling impiecations at the BDtrusty messenger. When the court opened the magistrate sniffed suspiciously and the policeman re garded the country lawyer with a look of surprise. And small won der : that learned person's tie was awry and a worried look distorted bis usually placid features. Surely — bnt the strongest smell seemed to come from the seat occupied by tbe court loangers. The policeman was pnzzled ; but the magistrates, being men of vast intelligence, as befit (eth country Jay Pays, could fee it all in a twinkling. The city lawyer was calm, cool, and undeni ably sober; the plaintiff's connsel bad evidently been in bad company. Verdict for defeudant. After which a respectable country lawyer went home saying unpleasant things to hii.iGeif and registered a vow as big as a sawmill never to trasl any body in such a ticklish case again.' ' And the moral is P' queried the Landlord. ' Set a lawyer to catch a lawyer and one of 'em will fall in,' replied the Canvasser. ' And then they'll fall ont,' said the Punster. ' And other people will get their due,' added the Sunday Man. ? ? ? ' Talking of lawyers,' said the Barmaid. ' Do any of you gents know why Braddon resigned from theclnb?' 'Not because the committee wouldn't accept the lawyer above referred to, surely '.' exclaimed the Publisher. ' No. A different sort of person altogether was tbe cause ; but 1 name no names. By the way, tbe exclueiveness of one of these alleged gentlemen's clubs recently gave umbrage to a well-known comedian, and he publicly com plained about it. Result : The club backed down and sent an invi tation, which was accepted.' ' Truly 'tis the slave that makes the tyrant, not the tyrant makes the slave,' quoted the Insignificant Man. ' And,' continued tlie Barmaid, ' it is worth noting that the visit of the comedian to the club saved the clubmen the cost of theatre tickets. As the little boys ask after a swap : Who d'ye think was the fool ?' # # # ' That vaulting ambition which does o'erleap itself is a sad circum stance in this weary world,' said the Sporting Man. ' A gentleman by Act of Parliament, whom, I am assured, is no lawyer, has recontly been adoing of it to some purpose. His object was evidently to get into tbe society of those gentle folks who pose ae lily-white amateur sportsmen, dress themselves up in absurd red coats like organ-grinders' monkeys, and do their best to cripple good horseflesh and ruin farflflre' props by 'dfog *orow ????? country a la tbe fox-hunting John Bullion. So he bought a horse — well bred of course ; said to bare two or two dozen Btrains of the senownod sire Pannikin in him; sound ia wind, limb, and appetite, and guaranteed to eat his way through a haystack in record time without whip or spur. Friends (save us from our friends !) per suaded our simple young friend to enter Pannikin If. for a race at an amateur meeting, owners up. The raoe officials (base jokers) solemnly handicapped the enddy, and know ing backers gravely inspected Pan nikin II. in the saddling paddock, and laid such enormous wagers on him amongst themselves that our aspiring yonng friend, naturally enough, reckoned the race was all over bar shouting. Already in his mind's eye he saw visions of his name on the ecroll of fame as a great amateur jock., and away down the vista of years to come he fancied be conld hear the small boys telling of the glorious deeds of how Pannikin II. bent the favorite. Proudly he led Ihequadruped on to the course. At the word ' Go ' (us the rules of that race provided) all the riders mounted and set sail. A!) exoept our friend. He essayed to vault lightly into the saddle in view of all the spectators, but that blessed hot-beaded prad wouldn't stand still long enough. Every time the excited little chnp tried to reach tbe stirrup tbe still more ex cited beast would dance out of reach. And how did the spectators laugh! And how did they advise him ! It was awful ; but the race was over by this time, and dejec tedly our gallant equestrian led the borse back home and banged him vigorously with a shovel.' 'I suppose he will sell bis steed bow' remarked the Scientific Han. ' No fear ; lie is still unabaslitd, and inteuds to rido into red-coat society even if he breaks his Ros inaute's blooming crupper in the attempt. Besides, he took his failure philosophically and grinned through his tears like a plucked 'us. ' Biblically speaking,' he says, ' we won that race !'' ' How so P' queried the Govern ment House Man. ' Probably he refers to the state ment that ' tbe last shall be first,' or ' the race is not always to the swift.,' ' said the Sunday Man. ' Lawyers are the very devil for scripture,' growled the Gloomy Man. ♦ * * ' Allow me to put in a story for warded by my friend ' Trapper,' ' said the Snub Editor. ' He calls it THE TALE OP A CAT : Shooting matches are all the rage juBt now up Kempton way, and one of onr local Bungs, in view oi a great novice match, was getting in grand form. Tramping his back yard all day long, gun in hand, stacks of ammunition, and even his pillow-case for a game bag. Any thing that crept, climbed, or clung fe 1 to bis deadlyaim. His brother beer-puller'n valuable tabby tom cat happened to be prowling round the back yard, and fell in with our sport out practising. Such a chance of distinguishing himself wasn't to be missed, and after the second barrel poor Tabby was numbered with the slain. Proud of himself, but afraid of being found out, he proceeded to bnry tbe cat in tbe dang heap, but, be.iug overjoyed with his snecess, he left Tabby's tail sticking out. Soon afrer the governess discovered the tail in the dung heap. She could swear by all that's holy it -was the tail of the rival publican's tora-c.it, and imme diately conveyed the news to its owner. Mrs. Rival Publican, over come with grief, rnshed straight for the scene. White with rage, and with clenched fists, she demanded the body of her torn. Bung swore it was a she-cat he shot, and it couldn't be hers, but the landlady wag not to be bnstled in this way, and threatened io scratch his face if the body was not delivered at once. Not cariner to have his face scratched, Bung decided to produce the cat. Trembling with fear, and afraid of it being a tora's tail, he removed the covering off the lifeless form. With one screech Mrs. B. picked up her dead darling by the tail ; then, swinging it three times round her head, hinged it time after time in Bung's face, un til he fell in a state of catalepsy. The oat was given a decent f untval in tbe afternoon at its own resi dence. Poor Bung was fouud lying in tho yard in a helpless condition, and bad to be helped to his bed I room, where be is slowly recovering, I The graceless governess that put j The shooting match is abandoned, and the latest is that a gun is to be raffled. Thns endoth the tale of a cat.' ' Sounds like the tnil of a catas trophy,' remarked the Punster. ' My dear fellow,' implored tbe Disagreeable Man, ' wuy don't you go and live at Kempton and get yoursejf mistaken for a cat ?' ? * * ' Our recent exposure of the vast deadhead swindle,' said the Oracle, 'oused som.j consternalion in the camp of the dung-beetles. Gaffney moved for a return of free tele grams and letters sent, by members. Did anybody even see such an un dignified splash as the political scooterers made over it i' ' And, as usual, the more they talked the deeper they put their illustrious feet into the mud,' said fcbe Political Ktcksttr. ' Dobson asking plaintively whether it was right that he should frank the whole of iiia mortgage film's cor respondence, aid his jw'.vb admis' sion that all -vvern dinners, certainly took the bau. And Hamilton (said to be the most persistent franker in the province) scorod ludicrously in his attempt to justify the unlimi ted use of the piiWlese. The champion apologist for the little tin gnds of Srr.other-Up and twelve and-sixpennies wiig also moved to oratory over the matter. What is the use of the reiurn asked fjr, ho whined, wlienitcnn't possibly show who are 6!ie pirticnlar individuals amongst members u-ho have robbed the public casli-ltux r Said Mul cahy: An article has appeared in a miiuland paper to the eifect that M.'sP. are fleecing the country.' ' Toddy has to go to the main land fornews,' observed the Sunday Man. ' But seeing lie is a foreigner, I suppose he c-tn't lie' p it. The im portant point is that he didn't at tempt to deny tho horrible allega tion of the ' nmiiilnud p«per,' and carefully refrained from saying a word about, the still more damning figures previously sot forth by a cer tain local paper which modesty forbids me to mention by name.' ' Look here,' interposed the Landlord, 'I don't, wisb. to appear disagreeable, but if you are going to talk politics and religion and such tbings iu this company all drinks will be ninepence. You must pay for luxuries you know, for I can't afford to take the risk of broken furniture for nothing.' 'But politics and religion are vastly different,' protested the Politician. The remark was so obviously truthful that (he Landlord stood dumbfonnded for several minutes. He had never beard a politician do it before. Except, by accident. And to celebrate the event be asked all hands to have one with him. They had several, and the conversation got brilliantly irrelevant. 'The last tram's gone,' an nounced the Sunday Man, ' and I'll have to walk home. 'That doesn't matter,' said the Philosopher, ' I'll see you home. I generally walk when 1 miss the tram, you know.' ' Never take a cab r' asked the Sporting Man. 11 He only does that when bo can't -walk,' observed the Cyuic. Then tbe lights went out. 