THE BISHOP AND THE GHOST, SR. THORNTON'S STORY. I called one winter's day, writes the Bishop of Ballarat, In the current number of the "Fireside," while rector In a large parish of England, at the residence of a merchant— |i now and extensive house, elaborately fitted with gas stoves nud brackets nnd all recent nppllnncos. Upon being shown into the din- Ingroom, where all tbo family were assem bled, I at once saw that something was wrong. Soon the story was told me. There was a gfiost. It wag heljoyed a girl had been Immured In the basement of the next house, which was In the eoiirse of construction, "Of course," I suld, "you have communi cated with tl|e police?" "Yes," was the re ply, "nnd a policeman Is Oil duty to try and get at her, Put )t Is ho good." The ser vants had all glvqh notice, nud nobody kiicpr wliat to do about the ghost. I went down to where tbo noise seemed to come from, and, after returning, sug gested that I should be allowed to control the family domestics nnd houso for half nn hour. Permission was granted I then hnd a talk with two servants. Afterwards, with the family, I went down to the cellar whllo the fearful groan's continued. ' "Avnunt," I cried. In. a loud voice, "Abra cadabra, I .charge thee to abate these wall- lugs." Slowly the noise died nway. "Aldlborontophoscophormlo!" I shouted again. "Chronoulotontliologos! Now raise thy voice' as loud as' tbnij canst raise It." Once more tlie groans waxed louder and louder, reaching such a climax tfint my com panions turned to holt, hut n loud peal nt the doop boll transfixed them with sudden terror. Then his lordship 'explained. The horrible cries wore caused by the gas. A small piece of grit bad got Into the pipe, nnd the gas going oyer this had created the row, which, ns the quantity turned oil Increased, grow in force. The servants had, nt my re quest, first lowered nil the lights, nnd, when I shouted the second time, turned all on fuli, producing the distressing noise. The gas fitter soon removed the obstruction, and nothing more was honril of the ghost. 