Extraordinary Credulity. NEW SECT IN AMERICA. Mountebanks appealing to the credulity of the ignorant in the name of religion are always with us (aays a New York correspondent.) This year the most suooessful and notorious of these is a man who calls himself the Re- Frank W. Sandford, who has organiBee an association to which he haB given thv name of The Holy Ghost and Ud Society, and which haB just held a sese sion of eight days on a hill in the stats of Maine. Sandford appeared on thiB hill three years ago, with a spade in his hands, and began to dig. saying that he bad been commanded by God to erect a temple there, and revolutionise tbe religions of the world. His zeal was infeotious, and those who came to Booff remained to aesist. More than two hundred men from the adjacent farming districts joined him in the work without pay. Every day he prayed for money, and soon it began to roll in, for tbe deluded agriculturists sold their farms and gave him tbe proceeds, and contributions came from others. One farmer sold all be had, except a hero of hogs. These be killed and baried, because Sandford regarded them as unolean animals, and would not receive the value of them in cash. With the contributions of the last three years Sandford has erected a 'Temple of Truth,' consisting of four buildings, enoloBing a court, and has expended more than 100,000dol on them. At the beginning of tbe recent convention he remarked that 20,000dol was needed. He prayed for that sum, and iimmediately afterwards exhibited tbe money, assert, ing that it had been sent to him from the Almighty. The society now has about 3,000 membes. Sandford baptised many new- oomers dnrins the con vention, plunging tbem into tiie river, whilst his followers on the banks shouted ' Halleluj <h !' In his j ublio addresses he predicts that England and America will soon mi it to subdue the whole world with fire and sword. At the close of the convention he sailed for England, promising to bring back a large sum of money. Probably he will return, for there is muoh more money to be drawn from the orednious for the support of his projects. The sooiety*? property was left in oharge of loyal assistants, or confederates. 