DOINGS (By SOMEBODY.) A Land Of Promises. Albany is indignant. In fact at soon as it can get the proper legal docu- ments issued, it is going to take a large quantity of its stored up energy out of bond, and if this work does not make the Albanians too tired it intends hold- ing an indignation meeting. All about broken promises, and Mr. Head Shop- walker Piesse, who, you must not forget, is among other , trifles Minister of Public Works (vide Organ, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;). The vain attempt to resuscitate the dead and gone port of Albany by means of some harbour improvements is being commenced by the Supreme Being (local) through Piesse, the head of that particu- lar branch. Piesse promised that Al- bany workmen only should he employed Piesse broke his promise simply as a matter of pure West Australian honor, and sent Perth laborers to invade dear dead and buried Albany. Hence the trouble. Piesse will, of course, deny the statement Albany has deliberately made, and as it was not in writing, why Piesse will get much the best of it.You must see this yourself. But then there is the head of the Salvation Army, who is. as clever at his game and in his way as Bottomley, and I cannot afford the former higher praise than this. Well, he told repre- sentatives (!) of the immaculate W.A daily Press last Monday- "That he had its agreement in writing" from the Government, and that the Government yet "went back on its promises" and did not, and have not, given the land for an oversea colony of Salvation chaps. Somehow you were all under the same impression as myself, were you not?- that it was strictly lawful among West Australians to do their fathers and mothers, or Jehovah, or even the collec- tion plate out of those threepences, un- less you had it in writing. It is the one thing in this land you thought they held sacred, didn't you.? So did I. It was the single idea I clung to most tenaciously, because there was nothing else left to cling to. Alas! this last idol is shattered; my entire faith in the "sentiment" of Western Australia is shattered. If "having it in writing" is useless, then life is not worth living. Do you remember the repudiation of Greenbacks in the U.S. and the awful results? Well, the Government of W.A. is on a still lower plane than the desperate Southerners. The latter were merely unable to meet paper with coined bullion. The Government of W.A has repudiated its written obliga- tion from a pure inherent and ingrained determination to do everybody not of themselves. Mr. (General) Booth. Is this wonderfully keen, clever, old business gentleman a Jew or a Christian -or both, or neither? I ask this ques- tion with all respect. It is based on the old gentleman's own statement made deliberately at, the Fremantle Town Hall last Monday. He said "the 'army' had a very good opinion of themselves," and " thoroughly believed in the crowd of little gods (the officers) who commanded, controlled, and guided them." That "the 'army' was ortho- dox from beginning to end. It took the good old Book and stood by its doc- trines from Genesis to Revelations." If he is able to believe in the Old Testa- ment, with its very human creed of revenge, its eye for an eye, and the war- like determination of its Jehovah not to spare anyone who did not worship him- self, how can he believe in the New Book? Did Jehovah not punish Saul because the latter felt some compassion, and did he not force him to smash up Agag because of the latter's unbelief? And are there not dozens of other re- corded instances in the Old Book show- ing how this "Jehovah" took a very earthy revenge on those who did not worship him ? How is it possible then to reconcile what is asserted as truth in the Old Book, and what is just as positively asserted as truth in the New Testament? Does Christ not say, "Love them that hate you," and "if you are smitten on one cheek turn the other, etc., etc."? Is not the creed of the father "Jehovah" absolutely oppo- site to the creed of the son Christ? Is it possible then to reconcile the irrecon- cilable because it happens to concern a something called religion? After all what is this "Jehovah" but an inven- tion of that earliest of known nations the Egyptians, just in the same way that "Elohim" is the invention of the later .and equally masterful Jews? Records in which we believe, or pretend to believe, tell us something of the mysterious birth and the glorious self-sacrificing life of Christ; but when a man of the status in his particular craft of Mr. ("General") Booth, says he believes thoroughly in the unalterable Conservatism of the Old Book, and the equally unalterable Liberalism of the New Book, with its direct contradic- tions,I am forced to suspect that he if not, after all, a brilliant and clever man but merely a man who has gone om better than others in playing upon the evergreen credulity of the public. Like "Whitely,"he has built up an enor- mons business by sticking to it, but cleverer than "Whitely," he has built it up without capital, to an enormously profitable development. With thirty three and a third per cent, profit for himself, and a like division for head- quarters staffs the remaining 33rd spent in feeding bodies, and as he and his followers allege, in saving souls, although this latter intangibility is un- susceptible of proof,-I regard his as the best paying business on earth. Many financiers, of world-wide reputa- tion, would gladly welcome the chance of floating the whole concern into a No- Liability Company, and be content with a 10 per cent, commission, and so should I. Mr. ("General") Booth is doing a roaring trade, and gets treble this commission. He is feted, "en prince," and notwithstanding the plea put forward about his fondness for "plain food," I have seen him during a long sea voyage enjoying the pleasure of the table with the best "gourmet" of the passengers. But that he will "cut up well," when he makes finally for the "Pearly Gates," no one doubts. The cruxy question is, Who will benefit? Perhaps the greatest tribute to his successful career, so far as regards this out of the way settlement, was the pres- ence of so many Reverend Stiggenses on his Fremantle platform. Had his "scheme" been a pecuniary failure, he might have been ten times as earnest, an hundred times more eloquent, and a thousand times more of a worker, and nary one of them would have been seen rubbing the seat of his clerical trousers against the cane of his (hired) Austrian bentwoods. There is no more heartfelt worshipper of the greatest god of all, "Boodle," than your average cleric. Mosey and Lord Tennmon. Two Great minds and two great men. The former is the greater, inasmuch: as he has realised the dream of his boyhood, while Lord Tennyson has only reached the stage of hoping his will be reached. Mosey's carriage! ! ! was waiting for Mr. ("General") Booth at the railway sta- tion, and it conveyed the latter to Mr. ("Major") Gover's house. If Mosey had one desire as a young boy which, was keener than his passion for turning two halfpennies into two pounds it was that he might have the heavenly privilege of driving Mr. ("General") Booth anywhere. Anywhere, any- where in this world. His ambition has been gratified, and he does not now care how soon his halo is fitted on, after he has let a few more cottages (that is if he can get them on his books) for which he has swarms of applicants. It was a double barrelled triumph, too, for dear Mosey. It gave him a gratuitous "ad." which other- wise could only have been bought by a very heavy contribution to the "Army" funds; but, beyond the one feed for the horses and the man's time, the loss of which only cost him a few pangs, he got it for nothing. The "Army" will not now look for a subscription from him, but even if it had ungratefully enough such an ulterior motive, it would be for- gotten in his latest triumph. "In no way daunted," vide "Organ which runs the Government," Mosey got the City Council to have Mr. ("General") Booth at a function. Wonderful man, Mosey! Best of all it has not cost him twopence. He always discharges his obligations, however, and this latest one the city pays for. I did not know Mosey was such an ardent "Salvationist," and his good, although cheap, action in this matter has come upon me as an agreeable sur- prise. I am sure all his other admirers will join me in the hope that he will be able to spare the time not occupied letting cottages, to gyrating the streets with a tambourine in one hand and a hallelujah lass in the other. In any case, I shall certainly expect to see him next week wearing a suit of blue serge and a peaked cap, with "Blood" in red capitals 6 inches long sewn all over them. Yes, Mosey and his confrere. Lord Tennyson are men the world should be proud of. Quos Deus vult perderé, &c.;, &c; If the "Organ" which runs and has all but ruined the Government is de- sirous of smashing the Western Austra- lian Bank as well, it went the right way about it on Tuesday last in devoting three-quarters of a precious column to a most alarmingly reassuring statement as to the Bank's sound and solvent posi- tion. The statement was written in a vein of ponderous jocularity of the most intense West Australian kind, and it didn't ring true. It was so infernally funny that a cab-horse, under whose feet a copy of the paper was blown, split his sides laughing at it. It bore internal evidences of inspira- tion, but what double-barrelled idiot suggested its publication no one not in swim knows. I will not believe it was the manager, because I think he must be clever to have made the institution "hum" daring the last six years on such a tiny capital as he has done; and he would be sure to recognise the danger to the Sank in allowing its customers, particularly the country ones, to read and chew the cud over the "Organ's" state- ment. If a director, or directors, then they ought to be taken to the Esplanade, cow-hided, tarred and feathered, and sent to the un-Sanitary Depot for a month. If the result of the publication of the article does not bring about the very disaster it was intended to avert I know nothing of the sheep-like timidity of banks' customers. To head an article "The W.A. Bank"-"A Silly Canard," was had enough, but to go into details of the Bank's own statement of its own posi- tion, published as the law demands in the "Government Gazette" last month, was too dangerously silly for any but prize idiots. The self-evident course was to have let the idle crowd who hung about the opposite pavement waiting the fun (?) of an expected "run" severely alone. Comment upon it in a daily paper was so intensely stupid that if a "run" does take place, it will serve the Bank jolly well right for allowing itself to be made such an ass of. Necessarily the weakness of the Bank's position now, as it always has been, is the small amount of its paid up capital. Ifs very nice to quote the largeness of its liquid assets, but when the cautious or thoughtful customer reads that the total of these is only £815,764, and that deposits AT CALL were £893,140, one sees what imminent danger the Bank would be in if a "run" took place. The fact that the total liabilities on 31st December were £1,673,233, and the total assets £2,056,722-a difference of £383,489 in favor of the Bank-isn't worth the shake of a duck's tail as an argument to frightened people. It is, in fact, dis- posed of in a sentence. The total debts due to the Bank aggregate £1,240,948, and a large proportion of these are, doubtless, well secured; But are they well secured as things are in Perth and the colony generally at the present time? If the Bank shut down on its customers next week and attempted to realise its securities, what would be the result ? Could not anybody prophesy? Time will show whether the Bank is in jeopardy or not, but one thing is cer- tain, that the published article in ques- tion has done any amount of contingent harm. Trifling Omissions. Another corner man has arisen in the person of the Town Clerk. When he and the other comic man-I refer, of course, to the Dairy Expert-get to- gether, with either Waterworks Traylen or Molloy redivivus as interlocutor, we shall have the nucleus of a company which should knock Tommy Hudson's into a cocked-up hat. They were play- ing at "Bedlam," as usual (I mean our meek and modest City Council were), last Monday night, when some tomfool question cropped up about rating of re- claimed land. Bight here came the new cornerman's opportunity for the exer- cise of his very pretty wit. Here is what he said:- "The Town Clerk: I contend, and "the City Solicitor contends, that "we have a right to rate any land "within the municipal boundaries, "considering that we are respon- "sible for lighting, and for the "maintenance of the streets." What the funny fellow, of course, really meant, although he didn't say it, was:- "We (the City Council) are responsible for NOT lighting and for the NON-maintenance of the streets." You see that he will do admirably for the other corner man. The omissions were trifling, yet important. Death in Life The King is not dead, yet long live the King is already cried in the City Council. The Mayor of Perth is re- ported to be in robust health, trotting merrily about the goldfields. With that niceness of feeling and delicacy of sentiment which characterise his utter- ances generally, that venerable antique Cr. Hurst uttered a "cordial wish" that the most noble the Marquis of Metropole, Lord Molloy, "would be elected to the mayoral chair bye and bye." With equal refinement in taste, the noble marquis said he intended offering himself for the position. It's a beautiful treat in store for us in the sweet "bye and bye" isn't it. That we should have in noble-hearted Molloy our future King-I mean Mayor almost reconciles me to an enforced and indefinite stay in Perth, for the simple reason that I cannot stowaway, and there's not a ghost of a show to get away unless I do. Edgar. I clipped the following from the "Organ, &c.;, &cc.;, &c.;, &c;," of Wednes- day last. A glimpse of the destination of some of our "boodie " wantonly wasted during the last seven years is afforded by the remarks of the genial Edgar:- THE PASTORAL INDUSTRY.-A FAVOURABLE OPINION., ADELAIDE, February 28. Mr. Edgar, part owner of the De Grey Station, and who is now in Ade- laide, extols Sir John Forrest for his treatment of the pastoralists. He says that the present Govern- ment is the most liberal landlord that the pastoralists have ever heard of. He paints the future of the pastoralists of West Australia in glowing colours, and draws com- parisons between their lot and that of their brethren in this colony, much to the latter's disparagement. He states that he is now in Ade- laide in search of stud sheep. Tick has not yet made its appearance on the De Grey, hut Mr. Edgar strongly condemns the Government for catering for the cattle owners in East Kimberley at the risk of infecting the whole colony. He suggests the erection of freezing works in East Kimberley, thus keeping the stock within the area. It is the Edgar class of animal that has mopped up so much of the money of us "foreign devils" who form three fourths of the population of the busted up settlement known as Western Aus- tralia. The remaining fourth consists of agri- culturists who never turn their attention to agriculture, and pastoralists who rarely pay rent for their runs, and who rely chiefly on imports of cattle and sheep to supply their local markets. How they get on is by getting their rents remitted because the season has been too dry, occasionally because it has been too wet, by paying no duty on fencing wire, woolpacks and other squat-, tens' articles of consumption. How they get on is by Sir John Forrest and the sub-heads of his busi- ness-miscalled Ministers-most of them pastoralists or agriculturists, sending huge sums of public money annually into the wildernesses peopled by the " Edgars," their fellow craftsmen. Once the money is sent it is converted into roads, wells, post offices and other public buildings by the fathers, brothers, sons, nephews and cousins of the Edgars and his fellow white aboriginals at enormous prices, and it is generally £1 actually spent on a road or well and £10 on each of the above-named relations. It is no wonder the Edgars extol Sir John Forrest, no wonder they say the Government (practically the same thing) "is the most liberal landlord the pastoralists have ever heard of" Neither in New South Wales, Vic- toria, nor South Australia, did the squatters in the palmiest days of squat- ting ever get such spoon-feeding as they have been getting in Western Australia up till now. And with whose money? The one fourth of the population native whites have fattened and battened on the earn- ings of the other three-fourths foreign devils from the other colonies up till now. Sir John Forrest and his crew of harpies have been liberal-as only West Australians can be liberal-with other people's money, and the Edgars have been the recipients of this annual eleemosynary aid till they have begun to think they are God's chosen people. Once the money reaches them it is sunk forever. There is no population; the unused roads are soon lost in the sand; the wells lose their buckets and ropes, which are stolen; the post offices which receive no letters rot away, and districts assume their wonted appearance of drear desolation till the annual subsidy makes it appearance, when the whole scoundrelly process is repeated. Such an idea as a reproductive public work is never conjured up in the brains of the Edgars who exist (not live) in these northern and north-western barren- nesses. If Edgar paints the future of the Western Australian pastoralists again in glowing colours to South Aus- tralian folk, the one Saxon retort is to call Edgar a champion liar, for outside Government charity the life of these so- called pastoralists is worse than the life of a South Australian cattle dog. Hospitality is a word whose meaning is quite unknown to the Edgar class, and if you reach any of their head humpeys, which they pompously call stations, they will sell you a loaf of bread for about double the market price, and then let you ride on and camp in the West Australian bush (the dreariest on all the earth) if you choose. The depth of Edgar's indignation against his benefactors the Government for "catering" for the cattle owners in East Kimberley is measured exactly by the earnestness of his suggestion that freezing works should be erected there. If you desire to test his earnestness, ask him to take a hundred shares in a projected freezing company, and you will see with what lightning speed the part owner of De Grey station will fasten the flap of his breeches pocket. He is doubtless anxious that further supplies of your and my money shall be forwarded in order that tick may be averted from his part-owned station, but ask him to shell out £100 for the purpose and you'll find him a typical West Australian. He would see you damned first. I would not mind betting that des- pite his "glowing colors" he is only too anxious to sell his share of the De Grey station, if he can find a South Austra- lian or any other pastoralist in want of a property. The Proper Caste mark. You will remember a few weeks since, when commenting on the brutality of those Nor'-West "Legrees," Brockman and De Fledge, I said that, being the creme de la creme of some of the thou- sand begettings of the "families," legi- timate or illegitimate, there was little hope of any condign punishment being meted out to them. They were too well protected all round for that. Well, at the meeting of the "Cabinet" - God forgive me for calling the crowd of semi-savages who misgovern us out of its name-the cases of the brutes in ques- tion were again NOT dealt with, the lame excuse put forward for the delay being the illness of the Premier. Of course the real reason is that public feeling in the matter is to be allowed to die out, and then a mock punishment is to be meted out, such as a threat that if they do it again, the Cabinet will seriously consider the removal of both the culprits' names from the list of Justices of the Peace! But fancy the humiliation of a Cab- inet which dares, not deal with such a trifling subject because the head of the shop isn't present. Why, the ordinary shopwalker of a large drapery firm, who I insult by comparing with this lot of frightened, humbled creatures, would take upon himself more responsibility I than they dare. Was there ever a clearer proof of an irresponsible, autocratic, one man Government, than this example affords? Constitutional Government, indeed! Why the meaning of the term is not yet understood in Western Aus- tralia. We have no Parliament, no Cabinet, nor any other real working machinery of Constitutional Govern- ment. We are cursed by the dominat- ing domineering presence of one man, and in his absence the others are as a crowd of terrified cattle There is a man called "Attorney General." It was he, at least the papers said it was he, who had recommended the removal of these flagellators from the list of justices. Why had not the wretched Cabinet, fortified by the presence of this man, the courage, in the face of the evidence and his recom- mendation, to strike the two names off the roll? What was the reason? Were they afraid of this Attorney-General's legal knowledge? Do they consider that even on so paltry a subject his "law" wasn't good enough, or is it that too many "family" influences are at work? By Heaven! the time seems rapidly coming when this whole boiling, evil-smelling crowd must be dealt with drastically. The Sleepy Brigade Again. Some grass was set on fire by a spark from a locomotive at East Perth on Wednesday. The " sleepers" were called out, and after the fire did all the damage it could, it was got under. It is hardly necessary to tell our readers that the "hose" was shooting a thousand jets through a thousand leaks in every direction except that of the Burning herbage, and that the water from the fire plug shot into the air through the washer on the hydrant being useless; because these things always happen when the services of the Metro- politan Fire Brigade are called into requisition. The board can spend £4 per week, rent for a stable for the engine and £60 per annum for rent of offices in its chairman's company's building, but of course a new washer would be a re- prehensible piece of extravagance. Of course the leaky hose. and demoralised hydrant might have resulted in the destruction of half the village of Perth but, as pure luck would have it, it didn't. Consequently very great praise is due to the captain, superintendent commander-in-chief, or whatever this man's pompous title may be, for the energy, forethought and pluck displays by him and heroic band.of fire fighters. By the way, isn't this a case for the attention of the confidential supervisor Certainly Not! Mr. Berry Cass says Mr. ("General") Booth, should not charge for admission to his entertainments. Mr. R. B. Wil- son retorts, and pertinently asks, Is the money " not used for the furtherance of Christ's Kingdom?'' Like Gilbert's Lord Chancellor, I say distinctly, No! It is used to make a rich man richer. It is used in paying the passages and travelling expenses of a number of self styled commandants, commissioners, colonels, majors, captains, &c.;, &c;, all over the world It is used to keep up headquarter staffs, and a proportion, about one-third, in filling the stomachs: and clothing the bodies of men and women who won't do legitimate work if they can help it. As for "Christ's Kingdom," it would puzzle Mr. Wilson to define from a practical point of view the boundaries of that country. Poor "Christ" is merely put forward as the stalking horse whereby a very large and profitable business is done with money obtained from a charitable but excessively gullible public. 