k Parisian Mystery Soiled. FATE OF THE BAVENEATJ3. JEALOUSY, MURDER AND SUICIDE. Here's a story from Paris that holds th plot for a thrilling novel or a sensation« meló-drama, and, according; to the bet «vidence obtainable, it's trae, albeit a bi Frenchy in handling in denouement. For a year, up to last September, Cour and Countess Raveneau formed part of th ga jest set in Parts.' they were seen every where, at the races, at the opera, the Boil and in the salons. Baveneau himself ha been a fashionable rounder for nearly half century. Ho was 70 iu the year 1S97, who he married Jacqueline. When the BI nouncement appeared in the " Figaro, folk smiled. Baveneau was old. and hi wife was young and beautiful. They calle her the Juno of the Faubourg St. Germair Jacqueline herself came from a sob] family ; but ber people, the Barons De Si Clair, are better known among historiar than among millionaires. She seemed t enjoy the new life ehe had and gave hersel Up to it with all the gaiety of a eohoolgii escaped from her governess, Bavenea was known as a monster of jealousy, bu she gave him no oaupe for uneasiness. O the contrary, in the first eight or mn months after the appearance of the coup! ia Parisian high life her ladyship oatonlshe the gossips by the apparent coldness an hauteur ahe displayed toward the mer All went well up to the time of the summe races. Then a young Lieutenant of tb Hussars, M. De Courtballes, fell desperate! in lore with the Countess, and, though sh refused to notioe his suir, be beoame s demonstrative that Count Baveneau ohal lenged him. it waa the usual French duel. Th lieutenant allowed his enemy's rapier t make a fleoh wound in his arm, and th thing was over. Two or three days late Count and Countess Baveneau took leave c their friends by oard. It was reported the the oonpte meant to spend the winter o their estates in Brittany. '?' He is going t bury his wife,", said the young bloods, wit a sneer. The old men sympathised wit Baveneau, and all the women pitied Jae quefme. However, when, with tho departure o the conple all news oonoerning then ceased ; when friends of neither received at invitation to join them in the country when even the notary and business, manage of Count Baveneau was kept ia ignoranc of Mme. Jacqueline's whereabouts ; whet finally the public administrators, in th Offioial Gazette, advertised for their oddrost alarm spread among the friends. Letter sent to the various town and country house owned by Baveneau came back unopened Jacqueline's parents and relatives bog- get in the publlo prints for news of their chili and cousin ; the polioo of foreign capital joined in the general search, but no trac could be found either at home or abroad. For a month or;eo Paris talked of oobod. and of nothing but the Baveneans ; thee as the authorities had taken hold of th< matter, other mysteries began to ocoup; people's minds, and the old Count and hi beautiful wife were gradually forgotten Only Lieutenant M. de Couttballes neve: relaxed the energy of his sosroh. At thi beginning of November he thought he wa: on the track of the runaways, and bagger, his colonel for an extended leave of absence As a matter of Íaot, tho discovery which hi had made was negative.' He had searched by trustworthy agents, all the long lists ol landed properties belonging to the Bavenear. estates. The couple had not visited al either of the numerous places after leaving Paris : neither had the Count drawn any ol the revenues at his disposal. Of the lol only one piece of property bad been neg- lected, and for good reasons, too-Castle Ker-Qnivaroh. Ker-Gnivaroh is a small fishermen's vii' läge on the north-western coast of Franoe, It lies isolated along the rooky ooast ; and as neither railway nor steamers touch there the ancient settlement up to now ha* ' escaped the fate of becoming a summer resort for weary townspeople. There the old feudal lords of Baveneau built a strong ; hold way back in the thirteenth century. Its rnins tell of many sieges that made .the ' old. towers tumble down and swept away the original approaches, Castle Ker-Guivarcb, or what is left of it, stands on a rock about 100 yards from the . shore, andean be reached at low tide by a narrow tongue ot land. It has still a few inhabitable: rooms, where, it is said, mem- bers of the . Bavenoau family sought refuge in the days of the revolution. M. de Conrtballes had suspected from the beginning that the Count had oarried off his bride to some lonely spot, and whoa he learned of Castle Ker-Gulvarch be made np his mind to follow-up the possible olue. But his letters to the village mayor did not eliott any response ; the mayor can neither -¡read nor write, and was probably too lazy to ask the pereon to do it for him. So nothing was left but to goj to Ker- Gnivaroh in person. \- After a protracted oarriage journey of . thirty miles through a sandy and negleoted stretoh of country, M. de Courtballes reaoned Ker-Gnivaroh on Nov. 5, with the know- ledge that his endeavours wonld be crowned with sucoees, in one respect at least-success of a sorry kind. The coachman who had brought him from the railway terminus was . cha naroo who had driven Count and Countess Bavoneau to Kor-Guivarch a couple- of mouthe, ago. This is the way M. dc Couttballes found it out, 'I hope,'said .the titíver, ' you are not going to Ker Guivaroh to investigate these old ruins there.' If Buoh was your intention I would rather mies the opportunity for making twenty fiancs, My lost customer paid me twice the price I asked of him, but in the end I lost more time on his account than his money paid for. Such running to the police and to the courts, attending sessions of the authorities, and the judge said I might be glad that I wasn't arrested aa a snspeoted murderer.' I Murderer 1 Your customer isn't dead.' II don't know,' replied the driver dog- gedly. 'Maybe,' and the man crossed him- self-'the devil took both of them.' In the next bait-hour the lieutenant learned the whole Btory, and before resorting Ker-Guivarch he beard it, by way of ques- tioning and of repetitions, half a dozen times. i Count Baveneau and his companion-he recognised them from tho description given -entered upon their drive ta Ker-Guivaroh on Sept. C. 'The gentleman,' said the coachman, 'astonished me by snatches of his conversation I overheard. He doeoribed the ruined castle os a fairy palace, com- pletely furnished, ' a delightful abode. ' I will be able to finish my archaeological studies in our family archives,' he said ; ' and maybe you will return to Paris aa tho wife ot a proBpeotivo Acadomioian. As a member of the Ecole de Chartes I am promised thiB honour upon the completion of the work I have now in hand.' ' The lady remained apathetic despite these promises,' continued the driver. 11 think she hardly spoke a word in our long journey together. We pnt np at tho Tillage inn for the night, and my servloes wore retained for next day, too. On the following morning I drove the couple to tho ruins, whioh are about three miles distant from thc inn. It was low tide, and tho gentleman abd his wlfo roaohed the oastle by way of tho tongue of land. I was ordered to wait for them on shore, and if necessary proauro tho assistance of fishermen with their boats to facilitate tho return. I waited four, I waited fivo hours, the tide came in with a rush, and return by land waa out off. For an hour or longer a fisher- man bad kept mo company. He had his boat ready to row ovor the minute the signal was given. But no signal rome, and no sign of lite. When I couldn't stand tho suspense any longer I went aorcss, and, remaining in the boat, shouted for my customers. No response. 'Finally, though I was afraid to enter tho ruins, which, as tho people nay. aro people with demons, wo both went inside and searched the place from cellar to towor. I . We looked into every niobe and corner ; wo I cried ourselves hoarec, we prayed, we wept- j sill to no avail-my customers were gooo, were swept off the face of the earth, and,' concluded the honest fellow, ' there are aaid to be people in Paris who don't believe in the devil 1' On reaching' the inn, M. de Conrtballes soon learned that not only the landlord, but the whole population, nay, the authorities themselves, backed up the honest Jehu's tale of terror. ' Why was no word of this sent to Paris ?' ' BeoauBB the investigations are not com- pleted yet ; we don't even know the names of the parties that were lost.' ' But from the description I gather that the gentleman waa the owner of the village and tho castle, the Connt Raveneau.' ' He registered under that name,' said the innkeeper, ' but I thought it was merely a dodge to escapo paying the bill. By the provisions of roy leasehold I am bound to entertain tho Coant free of charge, and, never having been our master and knowing nothing of him or about him, I concluded that the stranger was a fraud.' These Brittany people are a cunning lot, and above all hate to part with money. That waa probably one of the reasons why the innkeeper did not follow up the clue. An absent or dead master collects no rents from his property. M. do Conrtballes searched the ruins of Castlo Ker-Guivaroh for ten days, with the aid of a large foroe of working men. He sent men with ladders and dangling on ropes into the crevices of the walls and towers and down the chimneys. He investi- gated tho cellars for secret walls and tun- nels. He sounded tho floors in apartments and corridors. His searah was thorough and systematic, Nothing was discovered that promised a solntion of the mystery. That the Count and Countess had visited the ruins and had not loft them alive, either by land or Bea-of that there could bs no doubt. The whole village had seen them go in, and none had seen them leave. An incident reported by a certain fisher, man promised some sort of a olne. ThiB fellow had seen the man and woman on the western baloony of the tall tower overhang- ing the sea. 'Possibly,' thought M. de Conrtballes, ' this baloony is defeotive and the unhappy Count and his wife fell from it to perish.' But tho balcony proved to be in a perfect state. Its stone flagging wai apparently sound. ItB stone railing Bhowed not a Bingle ornok. After that M. de Courtballes listened more patiently to the ghost stories told of castle |Kcr-6nivarob. The villagers knew of half a dozen persons who had entered the ruins during the last fifty or sixty years, never to ba seen again by man's eye. Even in tho near-by monastery of St. Brandan he heard similar taleB, and, thongh the prior, a learned and experienced man, would not tolerate the superBtituoas conolusionB of the common people, he was unable to offer any satisfactory explanation for the present mystery and those that had gone before. Une day toward the end of November, when M. de Conrtballes sat talking to the prior, explaining his own theory ot the case, viz., that the Count had lured Jac- queline to Ker-Guivarch to murder her toere, and to commit snioide, the priest remarked, ' He had certainly Borne seoret ' objeot iu taking her to the mine, for his statement that his family archives are kept there is untrue, as you yourself can testify. The archives have been ia our library for the last thirty years, to save them from the damp and from vermin.' Next day, with the] prior's permission, Conrtballes began a systematic in vestlgation of the archives aa far as they related to the ancient history of Castlo Ker-Guivaroh and its owners. After wading through miles of doonments, he at last discovered the specific- ations of the architeot who rebuilt the castle for Robert de Raveneau, Seigneur de Ker Guivaroh, toward the end of the seventeenth oéntury. In the estimate 1000 francs were set down for the benefit of a certain Italian meohanic, ' who fixed the moving platform on the baloony in the Louis XI. tower.' Conrtballes looked up the record of the said Sir Robert, and found that he bore the reputation of a crnol and crafty lord, who was the terror of his enemies and eubjeots alike. While he ¡held forth at Castle Ker Guivaroh his residence was known as the 1 honee of mysterious disappearances,' and twfoo Sir Robert had been summoned before the King to defend himself against oharges of murder-the murder of men high in office, who were known to have been at Castlo Ker-Guivaroh but never returned. However, nothing could be proved against him. Now, after centuries, Courtballes held the murderer's last will and testament ia his hand, which, according to the testator's provisions, must be communicated to every Buoaessive heir of the Kaveneaa family. Its main artiole reads as follows : ' For the benefit of myself and my suc- cessors, I have oonstrnoted, in the baloony of the Louis ZI. tower of my good Castle of Ker-Guivaroh, a death trap, viz,, a moving platform. One flagstone on the eastern end of tho balcony ia safe, the rest looking toward tho west turn about themselves as soon as a heavy body steps opon them. In thia way one may invite an enemy or a brace of them to the baloony, and, by taking the precaution to hug the eastern extremity, see those hated parties drop to their death, for the sea beneath the balcony, ia set with ragged rocks and the water thereabouts several fathoms deep. The viotims will plunge into the orevicea of the rooks, whioh hold them fast, and I have never Been one rise again. He who does will drown, any- how.' Count Raveneau was the head of the family. Doubtless he knew the eeorot of the Louis XI, tower. He murdered his wife and committed snioide, being con- vinced that his crime would be bnrled with him. M. de CourtballeB has engaged diveia to Eoaroh the sea for traces of bis beloved one. In oonneotion with the twentieth oentury fand special Btrmons will bo preaohed. in all Wesleyan ohurohes throughout the colony to-morrow. Baker's Creek, Hillgrove, crashed C37 tons for 417 07.1. gold ; Eleanora, 1100 tonB for 4G5oz.». ; West Sunlight, 220 tons for 122ozs. The new Inebriates Act has come into foroe in England, and the first offender, Mrs. Ellen Troaoy, a widow, has been sentenced to three years' detention ina reformatory on a ohargo of being an habitual drunkard. It ÍB said that in the event of the Bishop nf Ballarat resigning, it is probable that Bishop Julias, of Christchurch, will be appointed. Bishop Green held a eorvlce at Bogjry Camp diamond fields, and inducted the Rev. W. A. J. Wells as vioar of St. Augustine's, Inverell. Ur. D. Nicholson has-been appointed home to house teaoher at Calamia, and Mr. T. J, O'Keeffe teaoher of Camira provisional, Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co., Brisbane, report fat bullocks selling to £4, cows to £3 10s. New Englanders aro travelling their steak coastwise for winter. Tho rain came too late on the Tableland to give the grass a ohanoe, and oattle will have a bad time of it. Many New England oattle have, there- fore, been sent to tho Clarenoa and Manning till spring. Mr, E. H. Pago, formerly of Taree, who for two and a half years huB been assistant C.P.S. ot Cooma, has been promoted to the office of C.F.S. at White Cliffs. The following applications for land were made at Bellinger last week :-E. R.. Pike, 200a, Allan's Water ; James Wills, 80a, Whiskey Creek, Bielsdown ; M. England, 160a, Bostobrick. A writer in the " Manning Times " from Upper Wollnmba states that wheat sowing is proceeding in that locality. There is a flour mill that has put through 2000 bushels wheat thia Beason, as well as quantities of corn for maize meal. Mr. J. E. Chapman ia baying nil available millet on tho Manning at £28 per ton. This ¡B considered a payable price. Millet is a prodnot that is oaaily grown in a district that produces maize. Thc child's that healthy and robust. Grows up a Btrong and bardy man, Tho child's that always pony, mutt Become consumptive, pale and wan ; The infant frotful with a cough, May many future ills endnro, Unless the mother knows enough And buys some Wooda' Peppermint Care,* 