HOW IT IS. In the streets of the town where I live I sometimes meet a poor fellow who is so badly off that his appeal for a penny or two is hardly to be resisted. He has lost both his lejrs above the knees, and punts himself along the pavement with his hands, like a loaded barge in shal low water. Thank Mercy, one doesn't often see human hulks like him. Where ? there is a single instance of a man hav ing lost both legs or both arms there are a dozen where only one limb of the pair - is missing. And where there is a sin gle case of the latter sort there are a hundred cases of people who are lame, or more or less disabled, by disease or minor injuries which are scarcely notice able, yet in the long run very serious to those so afflicted.* Consequently, when we sum up both classes we perceive that it isn't the total wrecks and the incurables that are most expensive to society, but the prodigious host which must work, and does work, yet always under difficulties and against hindrances. Men and women regularly employed, but who are continually breaking down in a small way, thus los ing fragments of time, and fractions of wages, are of the kind I mean. The amount of income lost in this way in one year in England is immen&e.; And so far as the cause of all this is disease, and not accident or born bodily imper fection, it is almost always preventiblo and generally curable. Look at this, for example, and take heart. 'In the spring of this year' (1897),? the writer says, 'my health began to fail me. My appetite was poor, and after meals I had a pain and weight at the chest. I could not sleep owing to the pain, and I got weaker every day. I had so much pain that I dared not eat, and rapidly lost flesh. ' 'I was in agony night and day, and often sat by the fire at night as I could not rest in bed. I had a deal of muscu lar pain, particularly in the arms. I gradually grew worse and worse and in two months lost two score pounds weight. 'I saw a doctor, who gave mo medi cines and injected morphia to ease the pain ; but I was no better for it. Then I met with a friend who told me of tho great benefit he had derived from the use, of a medicine called Mother Seigel's Syrup. I got a bottle of it from 'Mr. S. Richardson, chemist, Bridgman^street, and in a week I could eat well, and food no longer distressed me. Therefore I kept on with the medicine, and soon was strong and well. I am now in the best of health, and recommend this remedy to all I meet with. You are at liberty to publish this letter, as you like.'; — (Signed^ William Bridge, grocer and baker, 65 Bridgman-street, Bolton, Octo ber 5, 1897. Hero we have an illustration of the proposition with which this article seta out. From Mr. Bridge's account of his own case we see that he lost a consider able time from his business. How much that represents in money ho does not say ; nor is it important to the ar gument. For two months or more he lost from his business practically all he was worth to it ; and what that dtuation would have signified, had it been in definitely continued, any intelligent per son canv imagine. Men frequently be come stricken with poverty as with ill ness in that way. However well any \ business may 'b'el managed in an emer- j gency by others, it is not to be supposed / that it gets on as prosperously as when, 4. tho proprietor hiimelf is at the helm, sv And he cannot be there while he. is suf- -v fering agonies from disease. This is true even if we make no calculation of the direct expenses created by illness, nor of the suffering experienced — the latter not computable in terms of money. Now, please remark how quickly Mr. Bridge was cured of his ailment — bad as it seemed and really was. Dating . from the time he began using Mother ' - * Seigel's Syrup, he says: — 'In a week I ',' could eat well, and the food no longer ; distressed me.' His trouble was of tho digestion only (acute dyspepsia), for which this preparation long ago proved it3elf a specific. Had he known of and employed it when tho attack began ho' would have lost no time, felt no pain. The lesson of tho case is this : —As in digestion is a common complaint, and dangerous also when neglected, the re medy should be . hand for immediate use when needed. Thej,more valuable ?' the treasure the more strict should be the guard over it. And health is a jewel compared with which rubies are as the glass beads. of savages. _____ '*'? War and glory have been cofttly things in France. Between 1792 and 1815 she sacrificed one-half of the 4,500,000 soldiers she sent to fight her battles. War has cost her in this century nearly 6,000,000 lives. A wife in America' Tvho has begun an action for divorce from her husband claims that the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the house and makes her miserable. 