Mr. Dacey at Lisraore. [Frou the LisiioiiE Chronicle]. Mr. Dacey's address was on the samo lines as those adopted by the Anti-Bill orators. A few feeble platitudes about the 'momentous' nature of the question at issue, and the duty that was thrust upon every intelligent person to care fully consider the matter whioh had to be de cided, helped to nil up the first part of his speech, but it was only padding. Mr. Dacey then wont on to raise the M'LaurinPilcher Heydon ghosts, and exhibited thorn with the lurid-limelight effects with which the Anti Billites have attempted to scare the people of New South Wales. But there was no one in the audieirce who soemod scared. Tho microscopical minority already referred to did applaud when it was vehemently sought to show how scandal ously we should be floeced by the sinster sieler colonies whose only object is to 'get at' tho innocent elder girl and rob her in every direc tion. No one fainted on hearing these monstor designs, however. Thoy had heard them all be foro. A largo portion of Mr. Dacey's speech was devoted to disparaging remarks about 'Tins Mr. Eeid ;' 'That wriggler, lleid ?' eto otc. Thoso who havo heard speeches at'' ' Tho Statute' in Sydney, will know how delicately flavored thoso comments were. Dr. M'Laurin was apotheosised as a mighty genius and so forth. Ihe former leader of tho Protectionist Party was also glorifiod, and his long rail-sitting and final decision to vote with tha capitalist classes wero oulogised in fervid domain elo quence. Mr. Dacey flunp; a lot of figures at his hearers but thoy seemed to do as much harm as tbo ilowors flung at tho popular carnival of Nice No one soemod 'a pouuy tho worse,' as Iu^olds by puts it in tho 'Jackdaw of Eheims.'° Mr. J. Sullivan causod somo diversion during the spoaker's ferocious attack on tho Promier by iuterjocting that he (tho speaker) hud not done so badly when ho voted timo after time with Mr. Eoid to keep his £300 a year. This sally soemod to hit tho bull's eyo with beautiful ac curacy. Tho speaker's retort -was on 'funny business,' in tho course of which ho told an ancient wheeze about a West Indian who had pickod up somo words of Irish. Somo questions woro asked, but Mr. Dacey 'was not taking any.' Questions of a very portinenent character wero put by Mr. J. Stocks and Mr. J. Casey and others, but they were evaded with tho llippancy of tho stump orator. This samo papor says that aftor all, anti-Feds couldn't havo sont a much belter man to advo cate — Federation, Dacey's 'i'ouciug' when asked questions was quito sufficient, for any reasonable man, It epitomisod tho methods by which thobkmtod capitalist— cum trades Union i=t— cum Rag, Tag, and Bobtail of Sydney have sought to delude poplo on a question whioh affocts tho destiny of tho Australian Nation. Tho plan of tho anti-Feds from beginning to ond has boeu unclean. Doumnrk has 713 butter factories, and only five of thoso aro without pastourisiug niaohm«t ery, ~ ? 