THE FORTHCOMING IPS?WICH ELECTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE QUEaNSLAND TIES. DEn Si,--Your paper is noted for the correctness of the reports it supplies, but I think it was very mooh out in the shabort report of the meeting of the Progressive Beform Ieagee held in Goleby's Hall last week, in which it was stated that Mr. H. E. Wyman, architect, was.unanimously chosen to contest the Ipswich seat on behalf of the league at the approaching general election by a largely attended meeting. Well, perhaps yur inform ant considers about 20 a large meeting (I could give almost all the names if necessary), but I bshould call it a rather poor one considering the business on hand; however, I will not diseose that point. Your informsant must be a perverter of the truth of the first order when he says Mr. Wyman was chosen unatiinously, or else the other would-be candidates must be popular (f men. Fancy that popular doblydefeated alderman polling all the votes cast, ans Messrs. Joseph Hargreaves and William Balkeld not obtaining a single one I Your readers would scarcely credit such a statement, or the two latter gentlemen must be far more unpopular than I gave them credit for being. However. I have been informed (on the authority of one who was there) that a ballot was taken, and I have also been informed by another gentleman that the voting was as fol lows :-Wyman 8, Hargreaves 7, Salkeld 2. If this is so-and I have every reason to believe so- where does the " unanimity" come in ? Another little item: At least two of the leading members of the organisation have been heard to say openly that Wyman has not "the ghost of a show." Would it not have been better for these members to have said so at the meeting, and not by their silence have urged that gentleman on ? Is it likely that outsiders will throw their votes away on a man who has not the ghost of a show ? Heaven save you from your friends, Mr. Wyman. " H. E. Wyman, P.P.B.L.," was unable, some few weeks ago, to reply to my letter (the sub stance of which was too much in acenrd with facts to permit of a contradiction), aid as my information was so precise on that occasion, and as I am sure you do not wish the public to be mislead, I trust you will insert these few lines, and oblige ONE WHO KNOWS. IT is understood that Mr. Finueoane's ap pointment as Commersial Agent to the Govero ment has been terminated as from the 81st of March neat, and that instrostions have been iesued.for his return to the colony before that date. 