CONCERNING PEOPLE. Sir John Colton has been iserious'r ill for a few days, but there was an improve ment in his condition on' Sunday., Our London correspondent informs us by cable mc-SH^e dated August ??- that Lady Siriisbury, u-ifc of ihe British Premier, who lu.« been .-uiTcring from a slight attack of ?airalysif-. i- now conyalcsotfut. Our IxuiUuu c-orri'siiondcnt. in a cable menage on August 5, stated that the Hon. W. P. ltceves. Agcut-Ceneral for X«w Zea land, had lieen prostrated by a severe at tack of diphtheria, but is now, happily, re covering. The Hon. John -McKenzie, the Xew Zealand Minister of Agriculture, is irnin-oviiig slowly after the serious opera tion which was recent1!)* successfully per formed upon him. The mery 'men of the road' and a few r»f their counties friend.* were tendered a ??musical weninj-*' on Saturday by the popular President of the Commercial Travellers' Association, Mr. F. Kilsby, and Mr*. Kilt-by. The ''commercial*' has a genius for doing the right thing at the right moment, and the President and his wife and the Secretary. Mr. Mackie, pro vided a most successful entertainment in the Old Exchange. Mr. and Mr*. Kilsby Tcccived their guests at the entrance of the large rat.iurant- room, and among those present were Sir E. T. Smith and Lady Smith, Mr. and Mm. Charles Goode, Mr. and 3Ire. John Gordon, Mr. T. Scherk, MJ-., and the Mi«cs Scherk. Mr. and Mrs. A. Mackie, Mr. H. and Mub Birring, Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Wilton, Messrs. W. J. Sow-den, L. P. I^awrence, H. Bickford, C. .0.. Gurr, J. E. M. Morley, and D. J. Gordon: ? 'The' room was ap propriately decorated, and, gathered around a number, of small tables, the guests made themselves very comfortable, having been invited by a motto on the programme to 'Put oa -our boldest suit of mirth, fcx we have friends that purpose merriment.' A mn»ica! programme wm carried out- un der the direction of Mr.'L. W. Ycram, and those who contributed to the pleasure of me evening were 3!us Meta Buring, Mi** 0\. Seinaber, Miss Elsie Chaplin, Messrs. J. Osamberiain. H. H. Phillips, W. S. John son, ' and. Maurice Ralph, the Byngos Quartet, and an 'invisible orchestra' con ducted by Mn R.. Menz extremely cleverly. During an inten*al -refreshments were pro vided. ? ? ' ' Sir George Turner has broken a 'Vic- torian record, as be is the Premier of the Administration whose life to-day eclipses that of all its predecessors. Captain Creswell, who represented the colony. at the Naval Conference in Mel bourne, returned to Adelaide on Sunday 'morning. On the same day his sister, Miss .Creswell, who holds tbe position of Post-, mistress at Gibraltar, arrived bv the mail' steamer \ rctona. ** ? ?? - ? ? The Rev'. D. Miller, who has spent thirty rears as pastor of the Presbyterian Church it Genoa, is now in Adelaide. He had to, some to Australia for the.'.bencfit of his iealth. /Mr. 'Miller is, by-thr-war; advo ating the claimsof the Waldensian Church, 'the oldest, the smallest, and probably the worest evangelical Church, in Christendom. .yit. A..W. Rutherford, head of a dis tinguished family of Xew Zealand pastora list*, is now in Adelaide. Mr. Rutherford was born in Xcw South Wales, spent his school day* in South Australia, and went to New Zealand in 1360. He has come to South Australia to purchase stud sheep— ui eloquent tribute to South Australian breeders. An interesting -interview with Mr. Rutherford appears in -another column. Major. Poore, who scored well for Hamp shire against the Australians, is 6 ft. 4 in. ligh, has the reputation of being the 'crack swordsman in the English » Army, is one of :he best polo-players in England,- and,* judg ing by recent century scores, one of the inost prolific rungetters. Dr. F. J. Howcll, Ph.D., of South Aus tralia, has, telegraphs our Melbourne cor respondent, been appointed Travelling As sistant to the Ylctoriap Government Agri cultural Chemist. It w the intention of the Government to afford instruction to farm srs in the use of fertilizers. ? ' One of the passengers by the new E: and Al Company's steamer tastero, which ar rived on Sunday, wns^lr. £1° 0. Robinson; the -'Buffalft Biir^of^tlie Northern Terri tcry. Mr. Robinson leases Melville Island, and is one of the best-known identities of the.Territori* Mr. H. R. Dixson returned from Wes tern Australia on Sunday, lie visited the goldfields, and was much impressed at the enormous developments' which hare taken place there during the past six months.' Mr. Mylcs Birkett . Foster, an English musician and composer of eminence, who w to examine in the colonies this year on be half of Trinity College, London, was a pas senger by the Victoria, which arrived yester day. Mr. Foster is the eldest son of ;the celebrated artist Brrkett poster, Wh'os^ death was recently recorded.. He has bad a. distinguished career, having been organist at such important London Churches as St. James's, ° Westmoreland-street, and St. George's, Kensington. Mr. Foster's last appointment was at the Foundling' Hospi- tal, an important post, which he held for thirteen years. The new examiner received his musical education almost entirely at the Royal Academy of 'Music, London, where he studied under such celebrated masters as Sir Arthur Sullivan, Dr. Ebenezcr Prout, and Mr. Fred Weetlake, and recently, in recognition of his' services to the art, the R.A.M. created him a Fellow of that in stitution, an honour which is much prized in the profession. Mr. Foster has written a large quantity of music that has attract ed favourable notice, but he will be gene rally known to the music-loving public as the composer of the anthem **O, for a closer walk with God;*' a little piece that has proved wonderfully popular, in Churches of all denominations. As the examination work in the colonies is heavy this year, and Mr. Foster's time u limited, he left tne steamer at. Adelaide and caught the mail train for Melbourne, whence he intends proceeding to Rockhampton, where tit work will commence, via Sydney and Bris bane. After the examinations in Queens land arc completed the other colonies will be visited in the following order:— Xew South Wales, New Zealand, Tasmania, Vic toria, 'and South -Australia. Mr. Foster hopes to be' back in Adelaide by Decem ber 1. . . ? Mr. Stephen King, a member of John McDonall . Stuart'* expedition, which' crossed the continent and returned to Adelaide in 1862, is the only son of the. late Mr. Stephen Ring, one of the pioneers of the district of Gawler, and was born at Kingt- ford, near Gawler, in 1841. The early part of his education was gained under private tutors at the station, and later on h* had the benefit of teachbg at the hands of the late Canon Coombs, of Gawler, the late Dean! Russell.- of St. John's, the Gumeracha School, and Mr. J. L. Young'? Adelaide .Educational Institu tion.- In his early life Mr. King became hardened to all kinds of bush and station life, and on leaving school, in IS39 he en tered into pastoral, pursuits .with his father, whn was one of South Australia's earliest Mjuattcn. Then. he. joined Stuart's last and successful -expedition of 1861-2, and took the sketches on the memorable journey for the leader, while it was Mr. King who marked the letter* 'J. M: D. S.'f on the I rev 'discovered subsequently by Mr. (J. R. McMinn. In 1S63 he was in the empiov of Messrs. C. K. Fi?her and Rochfort. taking sheep from Pckiua Station to Gunnau-arrah, on the lower Murray, in Victoria. In the following year he became a member of the Ilou. B. T. Finniss's expedition to colonize the Northern Territory. Hi* * lather was also an oflicer of the party, and Mr. Kii-g went to the Escape Cliffs settlement in charge of sunk in the stc.imer South. Au;-rr.ili.in. Mr. King wa# also a momber of Li:c'ifieldV exp'.oratiou party, which workeil round the hraJ waters of the Adelaide River, and he discovered the'Fin niss River and a ht of pood country. On his return in 1SP6 ho w;i# cneagp.1 in the Government Survey ri«*!«! .«uff under vari ous surveyors, and in -liffc:cnt localities. In 1868 Mr. King via* employed &* .to acting surveyor, and received an appointment as a second-class surveyor to proceed to the Northern Territory under the' l*ce Mr. G. W. Goydtr, CJ1-G-, .w furrej- tbt land lot the new settlement at Port Darwin. In IS70 ha was engaged a* explorer and sur veyor by Messrs. Darwent &. Dalnrood, who bad contracted to construct about 60C miles of the Overland Telegraph from Port Darwin io connect with the Government parties. Mr. King wa* engaged in the same L-upauiy in 1871 and 1872 for tbe Govern ment under Sir Charles (then Mr.) Todd »nd Mr. R. C. Patterson. On the completion of the work be returned to Adelaide, and since 1874 has been in the Government em ploy as a surveyor. Mr. King, io conside ration of hi*- services in Australian explora tion, was elected honorary member of the Royal Geographical Society, South Austra lian brawli, aud the Australian Natives' Association. i turned up the other day amongst the de bris of the late Mr. R. Jasoes library au interesting old volume, which wiii recall old times to stenographers. This is Uiu fir.-t volume of the 'Australasian Phonocrapbic News,' published by the Victorian Phoue tic Society at the Mechanics' Institute, Mel bourne, in January, 1S61. ana contains a large number of articles *on various subjects in shorthand of the old style, very tieariy lithographed. In the hit ot metnoers ap pear the names of men who were shinios lights on the Adelaide Press, viz.. William Holden, who died full of years and honour as the oldest rressraan in the Australian Colonies; T. W. Hams, ?lobn k\ Lonigravc, E. H. Derrington, R. Jagoe, and many others not familiar to me. There are al*- Jacob Pitman, Gcclong, and R. S. Smytke, reporter, Melbourne, now well known as the 'much-travelled.' One lady, Miss Pitt, of Collingwood East, Melbourne, is in cluded, and amongst the journalists arc Malcora Stark, 'Herald' Office. Melbourne; M. Thompson and U. Willoughby, 'Age; ' John Francis, Editor 'Advertiser,' Cre~ wick; H. . Britton, ??Advertiser.'' Ca«tlc maine; T. Brown; 'Mail,-' do.; F. Hodj-es. 'Times,' Maldon; W. R.. RUey, Editor, 'Herald,' Goulbourn, N.S.W.; — Rigby; Hindley-street, Adelaide: T. P. Pugh, J. Stevens, and Julius Lyons. 'Courier,'. Queensland; and W. Mflb, 'Colonist,' New. Zealand. A contribution in shorthand from the 'pen of R. Jagoe, 'A Shipping Repor ter's Cruise,'1 gives an account of a trip out under oar and safl, *after a sort of phantom vessel in the darkness of ihe night, which craft, when boarded in a lonz chase, turned out to be a French ship, but as not a soul aboard the boat could 'partu.v vous Francais,' nor any one on the Frencn man speak Eoglish, no information could be obtained, so they left her to pick up % steamer, of which they were originaiiy in search. David Blair, by-the-way. contributes 'A Plea for Ghosts,' and an unknown wri ter tells 'How I Became a Reporter,*' wi;h 'Sundry particulars as to my state in life/' and probably the same Sends another ar ticle on 'Reporting Blunders.'* There is a report of a phonetic meeting and presenta tion to Mr. Isaac Pitman in London.— ??Hugh Kalyptus.*' ? 