A GHOST IN A HQSPiTAL. AN EXTRAORDINARY STONY. • Great --difficulty has recently been experienced in •retting nurses to take night, duty in tho- hospital attached .to Greenwich College, owing to the ‘nocturnal visitations of' a phantom nnrso in the wards and corridors. About a dozen nurses in succession have tendered their resignations, after staying from two to six weeks, until tho sense of tho place being haunted completely unstrung their nerves, rendering them unfit for the dulyof tending the sick. One of these nurses, who is now living at homo, gave the following account to Lloyd's representative of her experience :— “It was about midnight, and I was sitting in tho centre of tho room, expecting every moment to have a cup of tea brought to me. A nnrso, as it seemed to me, entered tho room a few steps, and then wont hack again without speaking, I could not understand what it meant, and ran along the passage after her. The.ro was nobody to be seen, and I was so puzzled that I could hardly summon courngo to return to my post. No tea.was brought to me that night, ■and in tho morning everyone denied having come into the ward during tho night. Then I learned that several nurses had left the institution scared by the same aunarition that I had seen. Jt was impossible lor me ! to take duty another night.” j The report speedily go! abroad that the college was haunted, and local spiritualists, of whom there are many in tho royal suburb, turned their at tention to ihe soluliou id' the mystery. ing immediately behind the college was quite a rendezvous of ghosts— unaccountable noises terrified the occupants nightly, with sundry viuleut accompaniments, such as ornaments falling from the shelves, and a book case being dislodged from the wall. Tho spiritualists arranged, to hold a seance, and lured, a medium from Kensington.: Ant actress,:, who , was playing‘Trilby in ra touring: company; also ennio for an -object lesson in hypnotism. There wore five ladies and four gentlemen, including n clergyman, who soletiinised the pro-; oeedings with prayer, Presently the medium became' entranced, and tlio spirit which possessed him directed that all the’company should descend to the basement. Tho sequel was very 'extraordinary. Every bodj' promptly fell into a ti'auco, aud au involuntary free light ensued, tho ladies scratching each other’s faces and tearing out ouch otlior’s hair. Eor several of the company that was the last spiritualistic entertainment,' and the1 clergyman declines to speak of the affray. What relation exists be tween these obstreperous spirits and the phantflm nurse is, of course, not known ; though very lately other mediums have been ■ requisitioned from Brighton and other places by the more persistent and courageous of tho spiritualists. Lloyd's represen tative was informed by one. .of-, them —not the spirits, but the spiritualists —that the. mediums all concurred that there was money under the floor of the house. So far, however, the boards have not boeh taken up to put that statement to the test. 