MiNICA· WHIM (A SIA-SHORE IDYLL). BY MA.ION DOWNES. (Concluded from last week.) CHAiPTER III. .ID'wn broke at lengtll on the Trevallyn rolst. Its light revealed a group of people on the shore, whose w:lr faces told of a night of agonised suspensc. molng them wavs a stranger who h:d been washed ashore an honur before itn an unliconsAoio s state, but who was now restored. One who had brought a brief message from the sea: "Tell mly wife say that Paul Leeson -" And one ,who stood among them heard, and in the hearing, knew that the light of her life had gone out-that she Ibved, indeed, hilt too late. Ahl! those were dreary days that fol lowed, days that merged ifnto weeks and mnonths. --A great change had come to Mlonicaduiring that time. iHer step was slower. her cheek paler, her n:manner even ltolre listless: and into her dark abundant tresses had come many silvery threlads. She seldom spoke of 1her lost husbanid, but those who lived with her knew that he was never absent front her thoughts. She used to take long. solitary walks along the beach. always gazing seawards. as though in the hope of the sea giving-up its dead. One day she was sitting on a jutting rock. her head Iowed, lier haulds clasped, when a sudden noise stitrtled her. She turned just in time to see" a I:bat put off from the neighboring pier. Monica felt a strange fascinationl in watching the head and shoulders of the lman in the boat, alheit hle wore a shabby greatcoat and -a tweed c:lp. closely drawn over lds ears. She wondered vnaguely who lie was. and what was familiar about himn then she dismissed him from her mind, and gave herself up again to her own sad thoughts. Although nearly four months had passed since the wuves had washed Phi lip Maitlanld to the Trevallyn shore, and altlhough his home and his business lay1 in Sydney and called for his presence there. lie was still at the "Trevallyn; H(otel." Hie was a frequent visitor toy the house on the cliff-top; indeed, Monical admitted him when she excluded others, for had hie not been the last with her Paul? And, wistfully,' Monica used tot ask him to tell it all over againu and to try and. remember .if Paul had not said, one word more. Ohi, what were, tihe words which the tempest roar hliad stilled?. She had.been robbed, -cruelly -robbed;? would the sea cve?; make restoration tob her? Her giief for her ile?id husbalind wiss so natural. so pitiful. that Philip' aitlanid honored het ill the ibire for it! For a time.. Then liegnrew weary cit lt, thollght it was time she SlitOild ;dr hert tears, time e she should herself try to for get Paul, and 'give some or all of her. thoughts to himself.instead.: All this and more he triedto'tell her in his owvn fashioni, but Monica 3vias slow? to compre-' bnd- his me:ating, :~?ilv when 'att length she did,.both Philip `:Mattland and .liid ropiosals met.. with such suimilry' dis iiihss-al as left hlmn: no ifurther liholie ini that quarter, Buit Paul Leesoin was not dead, thlougli byvthits- time-the ne-'t ofllhis deittlithiad, .be'- ,o?e a?fliing-of ft'tpfitt t7itiugl 'diiint inig, ' tllihi tinmo his wifei' refsed to be comfor~fited:: Wihen th·it diiawiftroe, fout montlihs ago lie was l.llng iii cave on ithe lightlihouse beach l' Thither the wives hald i.ashed theiro unconscious burden onl thie preceding niglit" noising liini' fori :um instant oitlie ildge of the topminost wave ihlich laved the -illimitlble sweep: ' of oceoti. beyond; ;buft,' is- :f' in lnhuaimnn mood, iceding' and casting the poor tired 'body ,for. fai inladild.whbere it. was no miore beaib tei tiid bruised;: but lay. pleace ifully-:is ifiilded l-in its- longilast sleel: Ai(d t0 this clitae ledl;-by a Higlie Gilid dliice it??i hi"ooin, .eanmre the .lighthoused keep;er'dt wifeii , i the irst ste :l'ak of dawin.i :Shelhad i-o special reason ;for doming-'her husband w was. sleeping peicefutlly- but tilmpted" partly; by the peaceful beauty of tl-e -morning, and icirtly by.= .igue tiriosity, as to wvlmt the storii might have ".driven in, she had i.iuidetodi o6n till she reached -the mouhll of the cnve:.: :Theie, apparently:lifeles;s I-i-y the in ~ wi.ho had risked his life for hert iusland's. Thirough. the long; night: shet-had prayed for liis safety. :She hung hierself; dowa beside hlini.,drawoing his 'chill body close to her warm brea:ist, and: tillo ing his head on her shouldoter while deep sobs burst from her.t :-,- ? _ : ? "Oh, God,"- she cried, "give 'me bnck his life;' he saved my Tack luist night." 1 :She half-di-"gged, hllf-carriedt him out. into the: waim?n. sinuliglit; sllte chafed lhis limbs till she a-aw- sign of returning life. Then site ,shed Ihoti for the usunl let stforh'tives-.. At last! at list! "Tlitull: God! :ul Leesoon driws a loug breathi and jh eniis his eyes., -He is `s:ied.-`' By? iS lib ie -tas so far irecovered ats to he able with hler assistance: torl ialk' to' h?. lighthouse::. whichl .was not verii fhair .iis talit.' H istirst: words. after ,;he? l'had eaten iida restid stti-tled heir:siiesolii i : "Mis Orr, mln wife will ltave he:'tud b3 ithis timnd: tihat I an drowned;o t y'ou must not let lier knoq tlhat I -tin saved." She staied at him'aghtist; sheo tliCtght the shoclk imust have deprived hii of. his senses. But he :went on elhnly:':. ".It seeniiS i strsnige reiquetf. nodoolit, but I h-toe - reason for this. Will 'ou swear - to toe tht 'ion 'iill keep .mn existeice a: secret utitil I clioose to distlosce it? " It'vill only:be for a time. Promise me." :i-: "But, doctor; how can I keep it a sq ciret? People will be sure to.find out. Wherei: will.you go5.?" -He :interrupted her. "I have planned it ill. tswill stt with you aind your ihus 'bindd; I 'will disguise myself -is an olt uman, llld you canll give out thlt your f'ither Ihas come to visit you. I shall reveal tmy- true self wheno the time coInies. It' rests with you :lad Mr Orr to Ikep my secret. You told me last night, did you not, thit you hoped some day to reward itl for s-lVintg yoalr husbaltd's life'" "I dlid. Dr Leeson." she nswvered. "I can nieCvr re-\arl'elt you for tlot." He smiledtl. "I don't wtlt tiny rewu'rd. you ktnow we-ll: I only did my lin ty! aind,It a-is I it-ter of fact , you Ihave 're yaildeld lUe, for to yourl care I atut it dcbtedl for my lift-. I only reutinudlcdt you of your words last night.:l -s 1 ple:i that you wouldt grant tne this llhe- falvor." There 5was (no hellt for it. andt MIrs (irr at length unwillingly comlplied. on condi tion that the secrect wlas only to tr at tem porary one. A?.ld thougih u doctor ncme over nuext mnornillg to attoud tll sick nuIHn. und thouglh tlhe boats \went hlithlr andtl thlither all day loug, lnd men and osotieti \valk.d over shore lnd ilict for mtiles airoulltl in searcli of "1 lifeless body. ino onet dlreamt of lookilg into the lighthouse crtllr for a livitlg itai. So the rweekis Ipassed, nod Mrs Orr and her hlusbandt kept thile secrett invioltte. More Ihau n Co teIe tfisher folk wondtlered w-ho that solitary boattintn nlighlt be, lwho wore a shabby greatl coat alltd t tieed cap drawn closely over his eans. But runlor supplied the answer that he was only Mirs Orr's fathller, and the sleepy inhabitants of Trevallyn troubled tllhouselves no more about the matter. Letters Icssed bet\reen the self leected stowanway at the lighlthousie al tlit banikers and oagents in Sydney, and more than one mInysterious parcel arrcived at the lighthouse for Mr Mann. .. It: would hirve discofet~ ied .Philip .Maitland rather, had lie known thuit onl the ocensions of his vislts to Moni?an, he was watched; 'and that regliarly as even ing fell. 'a tall than with a. shabby grenit roat would fasten his little boar securely oon the shore below, and would stand tfo hoursl' cilllslte the house of the I:lte7 Dr Leesonll. It was on lthie.vening of Ma,.it land's dismissal by 3Ionic'ta lutt, as lihe banged-to the gate :angrily. :uLd strode actross the road, that this watcher acon frolnted himnt. In the dil starlight Wait hlltl a.uiw lit·,nith a deeply-drawn tweied (11p, a pair .of blue eyes anml he?evy white inousthiche, "'Purldon nme. butl will you Itll 11il where Dr. lae-son is to he found?" enquired the Maitiland sta:ued at him. "lDr Leeso?u! lie is dead-drownedl." "l)rowne-dT" interruptedl he of the white ionstalche, ir a shllocked voice. "You dont siay tlhrt. When did i haLp pen?'" "'YOi. four or live months ago." Malit land an.swered inrelessly. "Will you tell me the vtirclmnistalt-es?"' the other one asked eagerly. "I antm an old friend of his." .Brictly Philip ?t'lit:mnd tomplied, and was movilng oil0 impatiently, when tile st-anger laid it detaining h:uld on his sleeve. "?'hll:t hbeamneofi the-young at in whom PalII Leesonl threw te life-buoy. to? Where is hr e ihwe n w "1 :i;m he!" "You?. .Altnd:.yol~ hitve Termainied here ever since? - Wihy, wh.at attlretion tana: dull hol like this'have for" : young fel low like you? - Philip Mlaitland' s glane windered involuntarily towards the hotue he had just left. His-compniotn's eyes followed his gaie. ' "Al, r see." lie retlinehl'e in" an under tone. "Widow, young, pretty3: is not that so.?" Maiitland ga:lvuetIe blue eyes and white' moustache a-quictk.:peletrktling gI nee.g "A harmnless old fellbow," he said to him self. His next words enlme with ii jerk, "Yes. fltr too pretty a:lnd young-to waste! her life crying overl' dead hlusbadud," he answered luoodily. "Oh. but she won't do that.' uns'otred' the other quickly. , "But she will; though.: "How ito ot il know?" "KInow? . 'H Iaven't I done all in. my power to lmake hlie forget liffii?'? "\nld you minem to s:ly thliait you did iot succeed ?" 'the voise 'had :s ;fa-off sound to the speaker.: 'Succeetd'. i answered iaidtltnd.: bit terly. ''"lo-night; when I'sisoke pliinly, of love to her=I: hinted ofteo enough -be fore-but slhe lievierwould ?fndestand niu -to-uiglit, hen I spoke oiitt plainly, she flew itt rie like' a tigress,:iid told me to leave -her iand .never comne neon. her 'l Thetrslie recllry loved ii'Il r ?thei oter said drea'ily. a. e - . The younig, itantustaitte t' the qiues tionti.and att the qiestioter. I' don'ti think-we have -iniieli reason to doubt: tltt.," het nsive.red,:. ith' a .tpucli of s?Ireasm; " -Thegrey-c'oated m1i s'-eitedlto fall into a' i'evetete 'iad -Philip M'uitla'ind, feeling striangely unicomforthble.o l ivas ':again aboiit to iovel-off;.wltet let ie was'i again stoippeid. :-You:ti e?'- l irl' t thathe ti Pul Le esont ? 'l ved ortil hel p to'si've'". ::-, -:; doubt!:, :Of course. ..Vhy". " 'Philip - added. itmtitentlvy: -,'. qtuieeroldtii sl: this " hoe was say'ing to hiimself "ylhere on earthli diid he spring'ri6m..' .i:-o-;" ,.:, :; : .Vhliy? -: Olh..nothing-only- ;:f; rather qnueer way sof exnpressing one s gratitude to the dead inan-ito try. and ltmake his Wife foiget hiin': " Philip ;Mland'iild waited to' hea no morei: , He .was . ever'ial hundred .fdeto away hy tills tilnt. conscious of a ti quel'; eerie. sensation,?s i of: oneiiwho -lhad just, held conimuniion ,iitli-a :ghost.` :'Totiigh the niglit v'is : -wairm one: lie shiveredI from heatid to foot. -'"One counld fauli f it was Leesoli himself. if it twtere not eoo absilrd to think so.'" he.nlittered to himt 'self...' Il cleat out of.the blessed place bi tihefirst .train to-mnorrot'. CIliAPTER lY: Left ilonci? P'tti Leesoll: (?ilr. of coiirse; it wans hli) stood tihere ' lfilf-daled :witli joy.i :Tlhen itt was trle tlinat Monica loved. him.-oter, grieof : as,reil--he .iil made issulrante doubly sure to--nightl Hed land, wronged his -wife h.by' believing she' would bel htiappietr i?ithouit htitt., A wild; passioniate desire to see he ': fac,, to hear lli't vobie:lg:iin;"ichmin to hi'i: tihen. :ie felt lie d:ired-not shot;t bliiuselt to Tier: suddetnly,::foi the :shock:' woul Tbe too great for 1her; h inust finiL some .lgraduanl way of doing so? M'-iutnlwhile, lie uniustsee her. Hle'id:tulrl biht- to his otti old lotite' opdtneI tl tle'gaiteo noiselesslyt,, lntliid '; Theere' sitis ino. one abo:it: tlie servaints ofi the iho:h:flilt situ?ci :it sull.ti, :retired early. bitt t:,lihe drt wing- rooiii.::is lit 'd tie iniltu s ,t-wre open. Ad yaneing cauioutoiisly over the thliick i ass, Paul ::reiched-: the :l.veriitdali 'There, coinpt' itelys ,hiddenu froiu: vioew imonFg the. tosme-le:if crciei;.' P'ial stood :uald ,gazed iuponi his .wife. 1'Sittin" there, swith tile l'himti's r'yt?fnll iOt het fice irod: otlt'ier black dressw. So morn iiid swhite sheit looked that tile eyes that rwtelied 1erll"trw misty. Shusmelntd restlers, for uafter idly ilulliug to iieees thlie white rosed tlhat la" on heir hId shde is'twlked ulp and down the rioonl; tihlly, she went over to thie open pianlo,l andl let her fillgers widnuder over thile keys in a purloseless ilnauer. Suddenly she rousedI herself, aul. piciking up a nullllier of songs, she selected one, alnd placed it be fore lher. Then mnOlllmen-t hlter her voice, her we'll- remiiilimered voiCe.r'aU g out in thill'U bng sweetiiess oi Iheistill light air. Thelu wordls were those oexqnisitely s:1[ aind. leinti'nl ilnes of i.ean Ingelow's., 'Lth as thely fell fro1m the singer's lips. i'her un Seen listleltr drllli thell ill, Tvery lii'. "W'llen sprrows build. and tlhe leaves breag forthf My old sorroa wakes and cries: For 1 klnow there is diawn in the tar, far Sorth. And a scarlet sun dcll rise. Liie a searlet fleer the snowfield spreads, And the icy founts run tree, And the bergs begin to bow their heads .And plunge illd sail in thile sea. Oh. my lost love aid my own. own love And aiv los-e that loved me so; Is there inever a chiak in the sworld above Where they listen to w-ords from below? Nay, I spoaie onle aod I grisved thee sore- I reimember all thai I taid: ALid lao thou ilit hear tme no more. no more, Till the sea gives up her dead. Thou didst set tihv oot oiln tile ship, and sail To the Ietelds and tile snowi: Thou iert sad, tar thy love did not as-ail. Antheend e could not knoa . ltow rould I tell 1 should love thee to-day, Whom thiit d iy I held not dear? Iow Could 1 kno I should love thee oawa-y, iVhe'i I did liot lore thee anuear? We shall walk no more through the sodden Dlaln, Vith tile faded bents o'erspread: We shall stlnid no more by the seething main Whle the dark earl drives overhead. Wo'e shall tart Io more in the wintd utd ra'n. Where thy last fCaresell swas said, . lut perhaps i shiall mueet thee, and kanow thee againl. Whein the sen glves up her dead." slrci'e tutin onite tile singer's v'oiee broke, biut shei w-ent on to thile nld: tlhei htr voice died assay Into a pififul sob.t, nl, laying her head dowtt on tlte keys, slhe gave :iay to a 1lasseilonate burst of weep ilug. liBy and bye she gi.'w enlher. Did)il that unseen presence nllke itself fi~lt' Or hlld the pleieeful beanty of the nighlt twoo her? She rose r.d came to the opeln Window, stretching abt empty arms in the (idarkness. "'Oil, 'itll, Paul," she nrrarmured, "*'my lost love; I do wsant you so. Can you hear me where you are iln that world above where they listen to wor~hi from below ? " She drew back alarm:ed the next momenllt, andI burriedliy closed the window. It could only be her nervous fancy. but she seemed to hear the sound of hlear:v' breathing And Paul? Like a thief, lit :t thief who has found a wonderful treasure, he stole away to his boat and to his lighthonsui home. Al, how he had misjudged her. lie had be.en willing to be detr.li antd buried, to a:ill intents, as ftar as she' was concerIneld. in order to set tiher free fiour. himself. it- ha}d been willing to do thls for her sake; he had not stopllped to think of the great morall wrmlq hle might htve, 'done her by so, actiilg. And, now-"I dth so, want you. PlulI." rung in his ears likie ia peal of joy beills. ""iin coming, Mona,' hI- whispered to himself. I.ow to bre:lak the news geintly to herc was: his one anxiety. and to that iend he tay awake all nigtli. plotting and p:ll nl;l:- But a way wwas made plahin to hint unexpectedly: for next mornilg news spread throughout Trevallyn that Mrs Leeson was dangerously ill with brain fever:. 'Thl'at salte night a doctor. alcoll planiehai a t trained nMur.e, arrived by lthi down train from Sydney. After a pm longed: ('onverslation w:tlh the local doctor tih case was handed over entirely to tlhe -are of this strangu r, and he and the murse were that evening. installed. Anmi through that long night of fever the doe tor kept watch, alnd through all the days and nigilts that followed. there was: al ways one cry on the fevered lips-"Oh, Paul. I do so want you; do come back to me." And when the nurs'shad been sent out of the roonl. on somne pretext or other. the doctor would take the flushed face between his white, large palms. and whisper, "Paul is here with you. my d:r ling." Slowly after several days the fever ab ated; slowly, yet surely,.'strengtl re turned. : - It was :t lovely sunshiny after noon, about a , fortnight later, and Monic:t was lying on a sofa in the draw ingroom; sihe had made rapid progress back to health during the last few days. Presently. the nurse entered, bringing some wine and jelly. She looked flhshed and excited, Monica thought, buint she made no remark. ""I am going to "wheel your sofa- round, Mrs Leeson;: it will be better for you to have your.back to the door," alurse said, when she bad arrmng ed the little repa'st on a side table. ''There. iow, I will sit opposite you and w'ttclh ou eat. : :" -Monictit smiled. ""You just, spoil me. niurse with so'idueh httention;" she said. :"We 'are all so glild to l~ive you back a igu 'Mrs ?Leesou. ,"Yon don't kinowt howliichr weiv:were toloasing you," cou tineil the nurse,'settling the sofa cush ions as she spoke: "Indeed,-if it had nor' beei' for thle doctor's' care and. constant .presence during those first few days. there would have been no chllance for you." : " , . "Did he stay with me all the time."' "Yes; while you were delirious Is' iever left your side. In .fat, I began to :Wolider why-he lhad brought tio, for hbe never allowed itie to do- anything that lie could do himnself. I would, have gone .bck 'to: Sydniey stiriight.asway, only lI' told ie .thait heti ould hase to leave you 'fi soon as' :u on g h-.duu ' onselionlnee" ind weire out of dringer, ind' that then ihe would htrustou to no one else but me. Sodi st'ied." . 'I livonder why lie wgis so good to me?" Mnin af said, 'aftet t little while. IuAnd I "wonder why? hlie left me so suddenly ? I suppose hie had .itiother patient to go to, and that w'is .whyliy he left me just when 'I.becnic eonslious." I lo wish I could lu:hii seen ? tiim nl ad .thnuked him: You sii?:'he is coining to see ime to- day. :'Yes : rstsLeesoni. HIe came down by tliis moi'rnings ti:th. e wi'llbe here any iioimetlt 1i0io:". And the nurse, as she slioke, gave a furtive glance towatrds the leavy' plush liangFings in the doorway. .?'You willt .hink me very absurd and fanieiful" Monieo i resumed; "but, some how:tlro tht doctort even while I was half .coi?ciousi, did so remnind.l e of imy hus 'b:ulit whol'sas droswned." "'.'. lie.' 1Tow strange! In what. Oiioni ii?i:sv ys.s Ilis, voice-the itoucli of 'his hands-s en Iis faices s 'something like Pauil'sliS.. uwell as-I c:r remeniibci it-onilyt hle is older than autl. :)i l:Y oidu not. sclhoe wears ia wilite moun-s ."es, lbutlI think lie I?niot an old main. for ill -ltatt?"- . !: es,.t, deitinuet.d ':iMonion -musingly: 'often 'wlicit : wits so ill. lcould faincy 'it 'ns" l'naul' whr;l itcede his iand on illy hot :f:ie, i :iid Iused to' o to sleep feel ing quiti iested :. Oh I think I should never hi-e 'got lbetter nsrse, onlyu that in vi:s:woius m t eins 'Pa.id 'seemed to lbenti over .ie, and Whllisper: 'It' darling. Pamu' is. ?t?e ?itlit yin.'1: ou must-get better 'fot -'hissilb.l.'O f-eniott.se,-it 'vas only nmy 'Sic's fiinc ,-but it seem?ed so reil to nue theil. :: ani mor a't pence when ' hiink itbout Paul: tnoi ; I feel that lie knowtes thiti i lose hiiuii: 1 tliink1 always did. you lnolw; bitt it was: not until thit: 'igllt.whlen lie 1'wient omt into the storml. that I knewI how :imuC." HIer voic", trcmbled. :inudt: sile :paiield. "Agin the inurse's eyes waitiidered to theli llulsh dran peries iat thedontildc nd 'sif oley.intt soliie secret sign ssh-. boilt towardit Monici. .diihd tlked siiddeilly, and as it With :ul eiffort, - "Mt' Leeson, : tre 'you quite--quite sli't: tlhat .y'oui huisb:tan was drowned?" Monice starlctd iund looked up quickly. ."What an iabsurd question." she said, allost angrily. "What is the imattei, alursiey Yul are tremlnlling. ?alndl your ' itI' is crilmsoi." ', "WVould it surprise you-I Illlne', would it--could syoul betar to kiow thlat--that-" "Whait do you meanT?" For 'lioileai. ill hier feverish excitement. hluI risen, and stooil there tremtbling frolum headi to foot. It was in vain tlut the nurse tried tI, clul her. "Tell mL--youll mlist--'llat what-i Oh. im I dreaming-is it? Oht Paul, Patl" Aind stli stalggered for ward, as a tall fotnrm, with outstretched arus anld slliliug flee, emsrged froii thie ttesses of the curtiainltd door1way. "Mlotnicm, ioy wife!" 