Pith of Parliament. -^ (BY BUNG AREA.) FEDERATION CUP DAY. John Forrest's COMPROMISE, by I Shuffle, out of Promise... ... 1 W. James's STRAIGHT OUT, by Popularity, out of Clamor ... 0 The innermost pith from the old Parliamentary gumtree, the essence of the mahogany jarrah log as it were, , during the past week, was undoubtedly the division taken on the Premier's j Federation motion that the Common- wealth Bill in puris naturatibus bel sent to a referendum, and also that the very common wealth William with the tin-can amendments of the selected committee attached to its caudal ap- pendage, be also turned loose upon the electors at the same time. The Pre- mier carried his bat by only 3 votes 16 votei with him, 13 against, while 6 members paired, 3 and 3, pro and con. By the bye, what a much more plea- sant task pairing will be when woman's suffrage brings us female members in Parliament ! i Hon. members continued to air their views up to the time of the division ; and now that it is mostly over, a student on the subject of Federation can make a schedule of the findings of I fact as definitely proved by yards and yards of Parliamentary argument and j enough recorded ^Hansard" to sink a j man-of-war Every side of the ques- tion has been given, . and every view has been logically backed up by facts and figures. As one who neither believes that Federation is the bos: panacea from the Parliamentary pharmacopoa for all the ills of national life, nor, on the other hand, that its adoption will im- mediately punch a large-sized, jagged hole in the bottom of that good old ship of State, our Westralian mud barge, Bungarra has evolved the fol- lowing deductions after spending the Prince of Wales' birthday (God bless him!) with a wet tablecloth tied round his feet to keep his brains cool, wading on analytical stilts through the mire of elocutionary hogwash that envelopes the subject : It is simply proved beyond a cavil that the adoption of federation means: i l' Tke { worst}tbins that can P00" sibly happen to the colony. 2\. The absolute ruination of every native budding industry. I 3. An enormous expansion of our [ local manufactures. | 4- {chetp?r} UvinS for the worker ' 5. Loss of revenue and the crippling of our national borrowing powers in England. 6\. Enhanced credit in London, with more money at less interest. 7\. That the holy trinity, Leake, James, and Matheson, are the j sworn \ . > of Westralia, ^enenuesj ' S. The loss of our national indepen dence and the abasement of our, Parliament to the level *>f town ' pump politics. 9\. The creation of Australian pa- triotism, a spirit of liberty, and a voice in the affairs of a great nation. 10\. That George Leake is the nickel plated hero of the hour. 11\. That Walter- James is the alu- minium deity of the moment. 12\. That Charlie Harper is the George Washington Napoleon Garabaldi of the afternoon. 13\. That Vosper is the Thermopylian Horatio Robespierre Coccles of the day, week, or month (no charge for overtime). 14\. That federation without a trans- continental railway is Jonah with- out his pet whale, Eve without her talking snake, or < John the Baptist without his pertorming locusts. 15\. The only way to get the railway is to federate. 16\. The only way to get the railway is to see federation dashed first. 17\. Federation means low wages and high taxation. 18\. Federation means high wages, free beer, and no taxation at alL 19\. Westralia will lose £300,000,000 a year. 20\. Westralia will make£350,000,000 per annum. 21\. Lots of other things, either way, both ways, or any other way. As a matter of fact, the whole question is one of consumers versus producers. The former is represented by the miner, the new-eomer, and our goldfields generally, the latter by the farmer-James' pig and potato man the native Westralian, and the coast dwellers. The mau whose few apple- trees in his backyard save him the ne- cessity for hard graft and enterprise does not want to federate : the man man who has to buy those apples does so _, want. It is a case of pull devil, pull tailor. Locke, of Busselup, would be an ardent federationist if he was waltzing around the bottom of a 6 x 3 shaft with a pick and shovel for his daily tinned dog. Sam Mitchell, the moss-grown antiquity, politically speak ing, from the galena dumps of Nor [ thampton, would change his views to | morrow if the Premier elected to have [ his boots polished with federation blacking. Robson, the man with the I raiL would do the same could it the bettersecurethemagicletters " M.L.A. ' after his name, as a salve to his vault- ing ambition. Leake would be an Anti, possibly, if James would say so first, and James would do the same if jit was not essential for the James party to lead wherever popular opinion of the moment directs one's nose. Barry Wood would howl for federation if there were no Premier, but then if there were no Premier there would be no Barry Wood. Jack Higham is such an inordinates on of the Westralian soil that he cannot even cough without filling his boots with | sand, and sand and federation don't mix. Venn, the cojussus of Dardanup, is the political puzzle of the moment. I He grows apples in h>s back yard, cows in his front garden, owns thousands of acres of sand, has a railway right on his premises, represents pigs and j potatoes in Parliament, and is at the j same time an ardent federatlonist. j The analysis might be carried on in I definitely. Anyhow, the majority of three comes as a surprise to the federa tion-at-any-priee party, and indicates a distinct modification of feeling even where the federal vaccine had raised the biggest virus pimples. The Bill, the no-Bill, and the Piebald Bill will now go to the people. In the debate on the Estimates some very highly instructive informa tioa, usually suppressed, was made public. The vote of £5,000 for the aborigines brought out the fact that the indenture system was a complete farce. This was the testimony borne by Mr. Moorhead, a member of the late Aborigines Board. It appears also that allowances are made by the Government to the squatters for the support of the natives. The squatters use their labor and the country pays the squatters for their keep when they get worn out and cast aside. The Black North, with its nigger slavery, its Chinese agony, its lepers, its Asiatic dumping grounds, and its electoral pocket boroughs wants dragging by the hair of its head into the light of day, where it can get its face washed and its tangled hair combed end the entomological recesses of its innermost «shirt cleansed with législative insecti bane, and a patch or two sewn on its trousers and a new seat to its pants. And if we had less Alex Forrest and Septimus Burt in it and more mutton chops to the square acre on its sheep runs we might all like it better. The London Agency sports a pet lecturer at £10 per week. The quali- fications for a good lecturer are the ability to preach and pray, and to mix that with mine flotation, amalgamat- ing the whole with the assurance of a layman, and there you have it. George, of the Murray, thought the lecturer was only fit to talk to a lot of idiots, and his salary a flagrant waste of the public money. About a week ago Leake offered George as a free gift to the Government, but that party was not taking any. Why not donate him to a public park, and put him up on a pedestal as an example of classica statuary, or make a drinking fountain! of him ? George barracks for tenders being called locally for Government supplies, and when Sir John asked what articles he would call tenders for replied " We don't call tenders for Premiers or we would have a change very quickly." George's witticisms would fill up a book if published, and the book, if read, would fill up its readers. " Wrought iron jokes by a cast steel humorist," "Annals of the George party with side lights on political isolation," " Morbid surroundings by a legislative Isbmael" Other suggestions will be received at this office if accompanied by a cheque as a guarantee of respecta bility. The late Federation debate evolved two diametrically opposite opinions from two experienced politicians, noted for great cerebral activity, on the vexed question of a member's position in the House as representative of his constituents. Is he merely a delegate without the right of independent thought and action, or is he a trustee with power «f attorney to use his best talents in the interests of his electors Î Moorhead took np the former position, Vosper the latter. Extremes are no doubt dangerous in either case. It is not so long ago since the old county families of England looked upon a seat in the House of Commons as a heredi- tary right of the eldest son, to be I handed down from generation to ' generation like an heirloom or chattel, the position of candidate and elector bein.:; almost that of a shepherd and his sheep. The Old Sarums that were wiped out by the British Reform Act are perpetuated to-day in a new country and under an alleged demo- cratic constitution by the pocket boroughs of our own Nor' West, an iniquitous survival of mediaeval abuses. What does Alex. Forrest or Sept. Burt care about their constituents when the interests of their electors and those of their own pockets clash ? On the other hand, we have ti e example of the candidate for Parlia- mentary honors at one of our goldfields elections who, when asked if he was in favor of woman suffrage, replied, " I have never studied the question, but should it arise in the House I will come up here and find out your views before voting." That man never got to Parliament, even in an out and out democratic electorate, where the supreme rule of the people tolerated no independence of thought or action in its Parliamentary delegate. The most eminent ruling that we have on this point, this question of Bond or Free, is that of Edmund Burke, statesman, logician, and thinker, who said, " Government is a matter of reason and judgment, not inclination ; a representative, therefore, owes to his constituents not only his industry, but his judgment also. What sort of reason is it where determination precedes dis- cussion, in which one set of mea deliberates and another set decides, and those who come to the conclusion are, perhaps, 300 miles distant from those who hear the arguments ¥' Mobs are notoriously fickle ; the crowd that hoists you shoulder high to-day will bowl for your abasement to-morrow. The opportunist who chases the will o' the wisp of popularity over the unstable surface of ephemeral clamor generally lands through into the mire of public odium. A' reed shaken by the wind, a man of straw, a political weathercock, mistrusted by his friends, scorned by his enemies, wanted by no party except as a catspaw for the moment. If mere delegates are wanted in Parliament, no man worth his salt will sink his ability to the requisite level of such a position. Etc., etc!, or words to that effect. Having unloaded which amount of bile from a disordered liver on to the editor, the compositors, the suffering press, and the mentally befuddled public who wade through these columns, Bungarra will provide him- self with a new liver and electric lights and proceed in a pleasanter strain. On Friday night George brought a large-sized grievance into the House ?with him under his arm, and proceeded *to scatter it broadcast. He loaded up his elocutionary blunderbuss and fired off at the Government a charge in the shape of a motion "That the Estimates be passed en bloc, as their discussion in the present House is futile and of no -avail." There is too much absolute truth in a motion of this sort for it to live. It is, as Emerson might not say, right up against the duckhouse of St. /.John, from whom all finance flows. 'The Premier draws his estimates from his own emotional fancy, and his salary list from his prejudices, sweating sovereigns and oozing increases from every pore on the" lines of his own political bias. The rain faileth on the just and the unjust ; that is just where it faileth. Also it is better to be a doorkeeper in the office of the Colonial Treasurer than to dwell in the tents of the ungodly Opposition. The Premier's brother-in-law gets an increase of £150 a, year at one jump when tried, worthy and experienced civil servants, with ' less self-raising flour in their composi- tion, and who consume their own gas, .can hardly get the humble £10 a year rise. CouM nepotism go farther? -George Reid, ex-Premier of N.S.W., asd Beit, Victorian Minister for Lands, found the same game-could only ¡be carried on at the expense of their reputation; but with John all things are possible, and in Groperdom the .eradication of such abuses would mean 'the elimination of the most essential features of the Westralian political -character. George's motion was ruled out of order as being disrespectful. Of course it was-to the jarrah deity at whose shrine aspirants for justice ¿must grovel or go without. The esti- mates go through the House like a dose of salts through a sick cat. The Ministerial whole policy is that of Scotch navigation-brute force and ignorance, and with the electoral machinery in their hands to shape the public vote to their own ends, the im- médiat» present holds out no hope of relief. This alone is sufficient to j us ti fy federation, the cleansing of the Augean stable, and the consequent dis- appearance of the Forrest regime like a light-headed cork down a deep sewer. Amen. On Friday night also Vosper resur- rected the odoriferous scandal of Wit tenoom's connection with the Fre mantle Smelting Co., which stinks worse than the company's furnaces. < Bigjohn, in trying to justify the gift of £5,000 to the company, read a lot of correspondence, which showed that Wittenoom of the ten foot drop had recommended the Cabinet, while both a Minister and a director, and there- fore a shareholder of the company, to pay the Co. £5,000, to give theo» a block of land and also a special private railway line. . Now when Vosper ruised this smellful ghost of jobbery two years ago, Jonforrest said that Wittenoom became a director AFTER these things were granted. On Friday night, however, Vosper proved from papers read by the Premier that whereas Wittenoom became a director on February 6th, 1897, the recom- mendation for these concessions signed by him was presented on February 22nd, showing that Wittenoom de- liberately used his position for his own benefit, with the approval of the Ministers. It alto came out that ?George Leake was one of the promo- ters of the company-hence his silence on Vosper's motion two years ago. The " West Australian " " reports " this de- lightful episode in' these words : "After further discussion, the amendment to strike out the item was then agreed to." This is what the people of the colony support a big daily press for. The matter is to serious to joke about. 