SPORT. The Turf. Werribee scratched for Perth Cup. Fadladeeu is being schooled over hurdles at Adelaide. Aqua is doing really well in his work at Bunbury. The Niagara gelding will be worth a place investment in the Perth Cup if he starts. The ownership of the racehorse, Marquis, has been a subject of litigation in the Supreme Court., J. J. Buck and J. Jeffreys (lessee) being joined as the defendants in an action brought by the original owner, R. J. Brown. Mr Justice Hensman made an order for the return of the horse. " As to the profits in the meantime, he would be sorry to ask the Master of the Court or any decent person to inquire into the ins and outs and tricks of these men in their attempts to get the better of one another. He would not allow costs, for though the plaintiff had made out a case he had acted in a roundabout way that was not to be encouraged." Rough on horseowners. Fadladeen is handicapped at 8.7 in the Port Adelaide R.C. Christmas Handicap. Helena Yale races on Saturday attracted an excellent attendance, and the stewards smiled pleasantly at the increase in the " tote " investments. Tho bookmakers were riot allowed to call the odds, but were permitted to bet " on the nod "—a compromise and a concession. , In tbe Selling Hurdles Restless ran up to his track form, and lost Jdalium II. and Satanella. Ward's mare is only a ghost of her former self. Gipsy Bill won the Flying Jffandicap handsomely with 8.0 ttp, aDd proved . hiuifcelf what the ABGONMTT always saidlite was, a chainpion sprinter. He has been backed for the Derby, tyit it wiJl.be amazing if euoh ft,hatful gets successfully lo thfe end of a mile-and" a-half vfrith 810 up. .„ v The AH Aged Stakes was considered a «• cerfc" for T^uin; ; bo: one imagined that he wppld ieape fair * field standing as be 'did and ,win m • . \\!i j.a.-. ^ - . v ^ • < such a hollow fashion. Towton's horse has been completely exposed, and he immediately jumped to the position of favorite for the Cup. It is hard to believe that Lucky Dog did himself justice, for he was beaten for second place by The Black Rock in a slow run mile-and-a-quarter. "The Dog," however, got away very badly, and in Holmes' hands he ran no more kindly than he did on the last occasion "at Helena Yale when ridden by Marshall. In the Selling Race, the pony Criterion, gave Sea Nyrnpth 51b and a beating over five furlongs—a really good performance. Triumph literally ran away with the Junipers' Flat Race, and Gossaire won the Christmas Handicap cleverly by a neck from Black Boolka. The most extraordinary success connected with the Cambridgeshire was (says an English writer) that of Isonomy, wbo, with but 7st lib to carry, a stone at least less than so good an animal could have won under, started at the enormous odds of 40 to 1, yet won for his owner a prodigious coup, it is said, £60,000 for himself alone, apart from his friends and the public, who would take half as much more. Here was an animal good enough to win 19 Derbys out of 20, handicapped like a commoner, yet starting at such an outside price as 40 to 1! The brood mare Frailty (dam of Trenton), who is now in her 23rd year, recently dropped dead twin foals, and at latest reports from New Zealand she was in a bad way. W. Forrester has tired of Clarion, arid is returning him to his owner. Dealing with the too lenient handicapping of Australian horses in England, a writer in a London paper says: "I do not mind competition, but what I do object to is that the top-weights in foreign countries should 'Come over here and be placed on a level with the commonest that we . breed. There is nothing, to show in , all this that our breed has deteriorated* but the contrary All the same, I do uot see why we should, piit a premium on the importation of foreign horses, to the detriment of our market, by . handicapping them more favorably • than our own would be handicapped."' Stephen L'Hommedieu, the sensational plunger of the year in America, has closed his season on the metropolitan tracks, has closed his speculative accounts for the year, and gone out of business permanently (remarksthe Chicago " Horseman"). Since the opening of the recent Morris Park meeting he has won something like 200,000dol from the bookmakers. His operations in the ring have been the heaviest since the palmy days when M. F. Dwyer would wager a fortune on a single race, aud in quite a few instances he has bet the ring to a standstill. The peculiar part of the business is that L'Hommedieu haB put away his wiuuings in gilt-edged securities, and now intends to go out of the betting and racing business. Midday, by Morton from Meridian (dam of Hautboy), is doing stud duty at Wilton Park this season, and among the mares that hav9 been mated with him are Busybody (dam of Paul Prv), Rumor, and Countess. One of the most reckless jumps made was by a horse at Rugby Fair about the year 1851. He belonged to a dealer, and was on sale at J230; the would-be purchaser expressed a wish to see the horse jump, and the dealer's man promptly jumped the horse off the street over a brick wall into a paddock and back again into the street. The wall was 5ft iin high from the 6treet, and just one inch higher from the paddock. The horse left the fair, having been sold for .£100; the original would-be purchaser must have been sorry he spoke. M. Carmody, who trained Glenloth when he annexed the Melbourne Cup, won a Trial Stakes at Melbourne recently with Silver Moor, a Tasmanian bred horse, by Town Moor from Silvermere, a grand-daughter of Silvermine's dam, Silverhair. A good story is told of Isaac Murphy, the " colored Archer," as he was termed in America. Murphy rode for some years for " lucky " Baldwin, the Californian millionaire. He was very fond of close finishes, and Baldwin did not like it—when the money was on. One day he had backed his horse very heavily, even for him, and he was no timid bettor. He went to Murphy just as he was mounting. " Look here, Mr Murphy, I've backed this horse for a pot of money, and I don't want any of your blankety. blank,, grand-stand finishes, I want you to win good and strong," and he turned on his heel and made for the grandstand, " "Watch me give the old man heart disease," said Murphy to the trainer as they went out. Well, he came pretty near it, for he only won by a head—and it could have been a street—Baldwin had not recovered from the shock after they had weighed in. Pale with suppressed excitement he went up to Murphy, looked him upend down, then blurred out, "Oh, h—11, its no use talking to you! You'll keep on at this game till you get shot," aud turned away. At the St. Albans stable Melodious, the dam of Wallace, and Nada, who was placed in the Melb. Cup, have foaled fillieB to Bill of Portland. She has produced a full-brother to Bobadil, and Aura and Footprint have provided Havoc with pledges of affection. An English sport says: "Writing of judges brings me to the control of racing, and in that particular Australian clubs might well take a lesson from the Americans All their officials are paid and are competent. Therefore, they are observant. The judge is almost absolute, and it does not take any three days' session of stewards to pronounce upon a horse's running or a boy's riding." According to the London " Stable aud Kennel," A^rum is to be seen on the turf beforeitiie close of the year. No attempt will be made to train faim; thoroughly. The idea is to keep him faiirly fit iigaiust the opening of next season, when an opportunity will be given him of showirig what he can do. Uritil recently Aurum, was,doing stud work at Cofcham. Now hie is with Bobinson at Foxhill. J. E. Brewer is said to be returning to Australia. The English racing season ended last week, and none of the horses Brewer took home have succeeded in winning a race. At Adelaide last Saturday the totalisator price of a mare called Alice Leamar for the Welter Handicap was •938 to 1. Against U.Z., who ran third in the race, the totalisator was laying 170 to 1. With the apgroflch.of the big W.A. racing carnival, the demand for tickets in W.A. Tattersalt's forthcoming consultations is enormous. Mr Charles is promoting a sweep (10,000 at 5s) on the Oauuing Gup, and two on the Perth Cup—one 50,000 at 5s; the •other, 25,000 at 10s. A feature of the 10s consultation is the large number •of cash prizes—1655. This is about three times the number given in any previous sweep. Mr N. R. D. Bond is to be recognised in the V.A.T.C. autumn programme- A £500 handicap on the < third day has been called the Bond Cup. Applications from the Eastern Colonies for tickets in W.A. TattersaH's Perth Cup •consultations exceeded 3000 on Monday. Judging by his fine performance iq the Nursery Stakes on Dec ?ui>»er2, Hnut Brion should account for the December Stakes at Rand wick on Boxing Day. W. T. Jones, who won the Melbourne Oup with Bravo, ran third in the Old Cambridgeshire Handicap last month with Airs and Graces. She started favorite at 5 to 2. H. C. White's Skopos was unplaced Australian owners supplied Iflrst and second favorites, Skopos starting nt "fours." Referring to the Cambridgeshire, an English writer says:—The chief thing that strikes one is the extraordinarily l>ad running of Oban. The hoi-so must either be an arrant rogue or Robinson must have made a great mistake. Judging by his trainer's reports of his perforinancep, he only needed • to run within about a stone of hiB home form to win ooiufortably. The money was literally piled on him, and only once has any horse started at a shorter price for the Cambridgeshire. Yet he was nearly the first beaten. He had been up and down in the market quotations in a most perplexing manner for some ten days before the race, and this alone stalled off the British public generally, But there is no doubt whatever that the stable connections were in dead earnest at last, and fairly piled the money on, quite .£5000 going on at an average price of 4 to 1 when the card was called over at the Newmarket rooms the night before the race. The same writer continues : The Grafter ran very well, the more so when considering that he is a bad doer when away from home—at Iea6t he has been so in this country. I shall expect to see him win a good liana icap ere long. "Bobby" Lewis, the crack Victorian lightweight, qualified recently for mounts in jumpers' fUt races by riding Homer in a hurdle race at Saodown P.irk. His brother Charley, who rode Yarran into second place in Paris's first Caulfield Cup, lost his life in a steeplechase. Before the race bis friends tried to persuade him not to put the colors up. Seahorse, the hero of the late Canterbury Jockey Club spring meeting, has been handicapped at 8st 121b for the Auckland Cup, a two miles handicap of 1000 sovs. Messrs W. and C. Wilson's green and' pink hoops were successfully carried to victory by Ercildoune in the Warbreko Mile Plate at the Liverpool A utumn meeting. London " Sportsman " on Le Var's sire:—Oban has never run in public over hurdles, but Wij believe be has been schooled over them in Australia, and jumps well, so that an Auteuil hurdle race might come in his way next year. It is a curious .thing, great stallion as Lochiel is in Australia, his stock when Bent-here have hitherto been unlucky—Survivor, Oban, Ami- «ble, and Old Clo' to witbut we make no doubt that this state of aff tire will be altered in due time. At Helena Vale last Saturdny, Limber, Bolger's Derby candidate, looked all quality, but she ran indifferently. The hot weather experienced during the week probably affected all her sex. Mr J. Hefferman'8 lease of J. E. Brewer's Caulfield stables expires this month, and " Bobby " Lewis will then take possession of them, pending the return of the owner from England, which, as stated in these columns some time ago, will be early in February. Btewer is finding the winter very trying, though it hus only set in. For three days he could not work any of hit* horses, so inclement was the weather, a thick fog banging over tbe tracks nearly all the time. Willie, by Wandering Willie, one of the beBt handicap horses in the colony up to a mile, is under offer to a South Australian sportsman until after the Canning Park meeting. The price asked by Jeffery for the gelding ia fairly " tall." Jeffery will ride Reproach in the Perth Cup, and the ABOONAUT advises punters to have a sav«r on|the Nor'-West mare for a place. Staying is Reproach's forte, and she will battle the two miles out to the bitter end. <: v- Mural has been doing his work lately in the Swan River, a bad augnry for his Cup prospects. Thurza, the Queensland-bred horse lately purchased by Jeffery, was Imded from Adelaide during the week, in is scarcely likely that Tbnrza will start at Canning on Tuesday. London " Sportsman" par: Of the run* ners in the Cambridgeshire The Grafter is perhapB the most capable of improvement, but he went fairly out for the 'stake, and WHS backed by the stable, so it will be only right to handicap him on the form be showed.: With others of Brewer's horses ho' got the fever shortly after arrival at Epsom, and he has really never done well since his arrival in England. SkopoB Iboks like making a fine fo^r.year-old, and we are glad that he has begun to prove that the "figures" were not consulted in vain when he was bought for Mr H. C. White. Daring the week before the last mail left England, 22 out of 34 races were won by American jockeys. The W.A.T.C. has decided to absolutely prohibit bookmakers plying their vocation at the Cup meeting. What a jar for " Ikey Mo " ! Many pencillers have journeyed all the way from the East to make things hum at headquarters, but they will be DiummerB instead. The ChristmaB meeting of the Canning Park Turf Club, which opens on Tuesday, promises to be highly successful. It is true that Mural, Lucky Dog, Ormuz and Tarquin will not be seen under silk at this meeting as they were last year, but many of the horses engaged are firBt-class handicap performers, ana good finishes are sure to result. The ARGONAUT selections for the Canning are as follow:—First Hurdle Race—Lava, 1 ; Thackaringa, 2 ; William bury, 3. Club Handicap—Gipsy Bell, I ; Wise Step, 2 ; WawtagODg, 3. Canning Cup—The black Rock,- 1 ; Gunbearer, 2; Australian. 3. Ladies' Bracelet—Kun, 1; Triumph, 2; Idalium II., 3. Sir Gerard Stakes—Islamite, 1; Henley, 2; Chance, 3. Second ffurdles—Thackaringa, 1 ; Hlack Cloud, 2: Williambury, 3. Forrest Stakes—Carrick or Wisa Step,. 1; Gipsy Bill 3. Canning Stakes—Chance, 1; Triumph, 2.;, Willie, 3\. Holham Handicap—Jessie, 1; Pretty Maid, 2; < 'riterion, 3. Disposal Stakes— Mystery, Farewell Envoy, 3. Demon, 1 1; Fellaheen, 2; Egmont, 3. Handicap—Fun, 1 ; Willie, 2: Summer Stakes (w.f.a )—Black Wantagong, 2; Criterion, 3. " The uation thut aims at Empire must not fear loss." This sentiment sounds all right, and we should not quarrel with it if those who profited by the spread of the Empire themselves paid the loss. But we cannot see what consolation it is to the starving widow and children of the British soldier that the Transvaal should be tacked on to the Empire, nor do we think that those who will profit most by the annexation care much how many soldiers' lives shall -pay the,prioe of conquest. The Apothecaries Co. have now five elegantly-appointed establishments.* The number of British losses in the war, including killed, wounded, missing, and deaths from disease, is now g ven as 7700. Oom Paul knew what he was saying when he declared that the price Britain would have to pay for the Transvaal would " stagger humanity." It is to be hoped that it will also show people the dark side of Imperialism. It is awful to contemplate that, British and Boers combined, twenty thousand lives are likely to be sacrificed before the present war is over. Lord Methuen Las been twice married. His first wife died only a year after marriage. He married again in 1884, and hns five children, three boys and two girls. The first Lady Methuen was a daughter of Lord Bathuret, and the present one was a Miss Sunford. Lord Methuen is wealthy, with a fine country seat, Corsham.in Wiltshire, while his London maasion is in Cadogan-square. He is 11 member,of the Guards' Club and the Travellers' Club. It has been;pointed out that be. hnd much South African experience before ' the present campaign. As a young man he was for three years military attache at Berlin, Miss Clara Butt bas sung to more royalties than she can count, and does not mind the ordeal a bit, and has been known • to move the Queen to tears. There is no applause at State concerts, and they seem most freezing affairs. On one occasion Miss Butt sang more than a dozen songs before the German IjJtnperor and Express, the Emperor turning oter the leaves. Musical Herald." COLLIE RIVRtt FROM THE BU.VBURS" RAILWAY STATION, 1895. Have you ever been to Victoria Park ? If you have not, it is an experience to come, Mr Brookman owns property in Victoria Park, and Victoria Park swears by Mr Brookman. You will do a good deal of swearing on your way to Victoria Park, a bleak and lonely wilderness, of which the Mayor is Mr Russell, keen to become a member of the Assembly. Mrs Russell, who has rarely been absent from the ladies' gallery this session, will see her good man planted there or know the reason why. A stranger .went to Victoria Park the other night, and, alarmed at the desolation of the surroundings, asked the'bus-driver in a hoarse whisper if they were approaching the end of creation. Did John the Baptist live there? Was his camel-hair top-coat hanging up on a bough of that spectral tree ? The 'bus-driver was not very communicative. The end of the world, he said, was " four hundred yards farther on." The stranger said he would not go on, but if " J.C." was living in a handy cottage, he would beg hospitality from the gentleman. One of these days Mr Russell will be proud of the advance of civilisation to Victoria Park. • • " • • • • This is the sort of way Colonel .Baden-Powell makes a speech. He does sot care for high-flown rhetoric or exten- . ded metaphors. On this occasion he addressed the Town Guard of Mafeking just before they went out to drive the Boers back from a position they had taken up. He said: "Look here, men, I just wanted to say that I am very glad to see you all turn out so well. I want to impress upon you to sit tight and shoot, straight. It's no • use your trying to hit the sun. He'll take no barm from . Government ammunition, and our friends over there won't face you if you shoot straight. Mind you don't shift about, because a fellow that shifts about always gets hit* Long range shooting is no good. Sit tight and let them get in close, and then give them beans, and they won't come on a second time." In another column will be found an advertisement relating to Mrs M. V. Buckley's forthcoming book, " Travels in Westralia," which will be published in London and Paris early next year.. ,From all the A BOONAPT can hear of Mrs Buckley's doings in her pere- inations round the province, Se book is going to be one brimful of interest, besides being of big educational value. The authoress has made a point of personally inspecting all the big mines of the colony, from the Gwalia (where she descended a shaft iu a suit of " underground clothes" made especially for the use of Sir Gerard Smith)'down to the .Crossj and has paid .much critical attention to the agricultural,; pastoral, pearling, and timber industries of the colony. We await the publication of the work with muoh interest. It is said that the New South Welshmen did not really make those eight hundred and odd runs against South Australia, but that the scorers got their tallies mixed up with the number of Boers that fuller was supposed to have captured, and that no one took enough interest game to rectify the error. the DEEMING: After atf, would it be such an atrocious thing for the Boers to poison the Vaal watercourses with cyanide of potassium ? It's purely a case of kill or be killed, and what matter the methods when your life is at stake ? If you knew a man was going to shoot you in just five seconds, would you jamb a knife into his back if opportunity occurred, or would you sit down and moralise on the etiquette of tbe matter until he cut your moralisings short with a bullet? I'm a Britisher, and I have the average British respect for fair play, but the more I think of the ttickery and alleged "strategy" of war the more am I convinced that neither fair noi foul play considerations can enter into the business. Unless armies could meet on equal footing so that the Ultimate could rest solely on the pluck of the men, to my mind it were all rubbish to talk of etiquette and the like. Attention'is directed to an advertiseme'nt appearing elsewhere, relative to the change of management in connection with the Hotel Westralia (Creniorne), Perth. Mr James Jackson, the incoming gentleman, is late of the National Hotel, Fremantle, where he made himself extremely popular with all classes—an achievement which, we doubt not, he will repeat within a very short space of time in his new location. 1 V V V The very fine picture in the first J age of this issue is from the Battletto Studio, Hay- street, from which establish-1 merit comes the best photographic work that has ever been turned out in this city. Unlike most other firms of the kiiid Bartletto combines art with phologiaphy. KITTY: To the shade of Private Bradford, of New Zealand, lies the glory of being the first man of the Australian contingents to be sent Hence by a Boer bullet. It's when we hear of our own Australians J being killed and wounded that the murder- p ous reality of war seems to be fully borne in on us. With what a funny admixture of feelings do we follow the course of events in the 'Vaal now. We dread to hear of our boys being shot, and yet we are anxious that they should not come back without having seen some. real hard fighting, in which they might distinguish themselves, and iu which some at least must lose their lives! M • • Mr George Leake has announced his intention of retiring from politics. He will be missed from the House, but it is more than likely that his departure will be a real gain to the country. This seems a bard thing to say, but it is not as unkind as it looks. As the leader of a party Mr Leake has proved an absolute failure, and so long as he remained in the House his party did not like to supersede him. Now there is a chance of the Opposition getting a good leader—though they will hardly fit>d him on the present Opposition benches— and no one will deny that a strong Opposition is necessary in the interests of good government. There is a parson up North called the Rev. L. Pitt. Glorious country for fruit this. Peaches are now Belling, or rather being offered for sale at fid apiece. The naughty little boy who sweeps out this office says this is enough to knock one speachless! Go to the specialties.* Apothecaries Co. for drug r! 