CHRISTIANITY IN THE WORLD. There are circumstances attending tho an niversary of the greatest event in the history cf mankind which call for reflection in all minds, and may set some few whose faith is close' to the written Word to curious ponder ing or ecstatic wonderment over the fulfilment r.f prophecy. The leading feature of the time is the advance of the Christian Powers over the whole face of .the globe. China, with all her millions, who have withstood Christianity through all the Christian centuries, and main tained an order of civilisation which was old when Christianity was bqrn, is now unmis takably on the eve of subdivision. There is no leadership in court or class, no patriotism or national cohesion amongst the people; and the sure and probably speedy prdspect is of such agreement amongst the Western Poweis as will cut up all that hitherto unbroken mass ot heathendom into neighbouring spheres of influence, all Christian.: That process will b» followed by open ways for Christian teachers, from ocean to Russian and Indian frontiers, and that again by what we can hardly foretell. The example of India does not inspire much of sincere Christian hope, for though the know ledge of the Lord must cover ali that land, as the waters cover the sea, the acceptance of tho Christian religion is tardy, if at. all progres sive. _ / .. As with China, so: with. Africa.' For from .south, east and west the Christian: arms ad-' vonce. . islamism, which- in its barly yea,r3 swept. a magnificent torrent along(_the north ern coasft, abides there still, all dominant, as oil corrupt, decrepit, or decadent; and though its influence filtrates still through the forests beyond the, deserts to the: south, Us Impact on the Fetishism1 all pervading, there has little of the old-time aggressiveness. It mingles! and leavens now, asin the old days it conquered- and absorbed, v The. humanity to' which it is detached is worn out, while Christianity, rooted in powers which have made some marvellous1 as recent manipula tions of aggressiveness, is borne now to all coasts and over all continents. It would be more correct to say, perhaps, thfe opportunity Christianity requires wili be. borne, and it is pathetic to reflect on the contrast between the marvellous breadth of opportunity and the . meagre, attempts; even at fulfilment. We are faced in. thla consideration by a question which admits of no easy or hasty answer, of What actual relationship there exists between the religion and the clvilsation of the Wes tern world. We must admit that the conti nental advances' of later years have received no impetus from, and acknowledged no obli gation to the Faith. They are apostles of commerce who. , plant their feet now iu China and Africa, sworn officers of Mam mon every ; one, . chrrying a creed of tlj'elr own, may be, in their waistcoat pockets, but holding it as a matter of good manners and sound policy to abstain from ob truding or asserting it. And yet it is not to be denied that the order of tilings they estab lished is kindlier and more promising than any that followed in the footsteps cf the absolute Christian conquerors, explorers, and adventurers of earlier years, who pledged themselves in. every detail of their undcr- . takings to Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and strewed holy names all along their blood stained wakes, which endure still, like star's In a firmament whence all the cloud wrack has been swept away. .' Nor, when we come down to home facts, about which there can be no dispute, is it even arguable that secularisation of admin istration and control, even in nations Whose whole history' has been in Christian times and under Christian influence, has been co incident with enlargement of liberties and of ail opportunities of desirable life. Tho reli gious head, the head of the Christian religion, had 'the -secular arm';.' nominal at. least, at its command through ail the times when the world was darkest and most cruelly op pressed. The secular head now sets the limits which the religious arm must not pass, the positions of authority are reversed, in fact, and is the world better or worse? . ' It is not proposed to push the inquiry to any extreme lengths, but theologians who profess to solve those difficulties in which the many forms of unbelief are bred seem to owe it to humanity to fum'ioh some answers here. It is difficult to find satisfying answers in any pv.Tent conditions of the world.in the results of undiluted Romanism, as seen In Spain, and Cuba, and the Philippines, or of Anglicanism in 'its sphere of influence, or rather the vast spheres In which it abides without infiuencc- or direction, or masterful, ameliorating, or sanctifying powers in the massed peoples of Britain's great cities. The creedr. stand ab solute or strangely modified. Opposed to tliem stands also the abiding, yet ever-changing, wrong of the world, and between the two, op posed to the one, but not always, or neces sarily, allied to the other, moves un ame liorating, humanising, cflvllsing influence. In it is the seed of the world's hope; and when we seek to trace its origin is it possible to turn back to the first Good Friday and to the example which was completed or the sacrifice which culminated thru? r.i all the curtains of ail the succeeding timts could be dlvded, and that day, that Man, that fact stand forth, we should at least reach a beginning which, faithfully followed, should have made a better world than has been, or is, or seems likely to be in any conceivable future. And how have all t he marvellously ramified departures been brought about? Not through any lack of power on the part of those who professed to hold the keys and maintain the great succes sion which was first instituted. In the days .when the head of Christendom could shake a nation into submission by an interdict life certainly was not purer, nobler, or better than to-day. What influence is Jt which, working through the world in all the Improv ing . centuries-' which have passed since- those times, has, in Matthew Arnold's phrase, then made for righteousness? Possibly we may approach it just in proportion as, with, humility and earnestness, we grope backward to the actual 'foundational facts on which the anniversary is established. M.M. liner Australian left Suez on Friday for Australia. Bishop Goe, of Melbourne, denies that he intends to resign and return to England. R.M.S. Australia is due at Melbourne to day, en route from London to Sydney. Iter mails will be delivered to-morrow. . \ The new Japanese mail steamer Futuml Maru left Nagasaki on Friday for Australia. The welcome change in the weather is re ported to be general throughout the colony. A box of gold, valued at £5377, was shipped at Port Darwin by the steamer Airlle fcr 3ydney. ' The Frcmantle strike is likely to be settled by a cr.rfercnce. 