Coolgardie Football Association. A meeting of the Permit and Umtires Committee was held at the United Club Hotel last evening, when the following permits were grantedCald well, Northcott, Langdon and Jarvis, to play with the Coolgardie Club ; and Farrelf, Sumpter, Richardson, and Hales, to play with Rovers. Some men smile as though it were a great favor to the world, A beautiful girl is one who is pretty and doesn't know it. The Afghan Shaunawaz practically lives at the Police Court these days. Another special Exhibition excursion train will arrive in Coolgardie on Tuesday. TheHERALD wonders how long it took General B. to concoct that pretty little farewell message. We shall hardly know the old Mechanics' when the projected improvements are carried out. Practice, in some cases, makes perfect, but frequently it makes the neighbours feel like smashing the piano. Rumour has it that a suspect will be arrested shortly in connection with the recent Boulder Road sensation. The Mechanics 1 Institute should be able to house a fairly large theatrical company when Sherlaw's work is completed. Alderman Morton, of Sydney, is evidently a cautious kind of person. Anyhow, he was talking sense most of the time. Fancy Dress Ball in the Cremorne Theatre this evening. Dead men tell no tales. Just as well: they'd be considered ghost stories. The hammer and drill contests com - rnence at the Exhibition this evening. Lindley Cowan, like the rest of 'em, was surprised at the big show on Fly Flat. A touring mania seems to be in the air. Bishop Riley is the latest to get it, Never write lead- pencil comments in a borrowed book* The owner may. rab theru out. Use ink. The pessimist should remember that, according to his own theories, it can do no good to circulate them. Afternoon tea will be provided for the lady spectators at to-day's lacrosse match on the Recreation Reserve. The Kalgoorlie police have in their possession a Winchester rifle such as was used by the Boulder Road robber. The Rev Mr Ferguson has stiuck real trouble this time. He is going to be charged with 4 aggravated contumaciousne-s.' 