? , A -German student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have rendered a text as .^follows :—"The ghost is ; Willing* PUt ttie meat is feeble." $ [ " People rta.Tk about presence of mind, when and where jnost needed, &c.;" said a young physician to a company of older graveyard fillers at Cambridge the other : caiOfeff' Sphere it is most iieede)}."'$i^. Whl&se;^Jasked one of the company with a sneer. "Where! Why, in aJunatic .asxluna, ,of course." They g^ve Mmia diplomat > Ait old woman, who had & chronic h^bifc* of ^sleeping; inj tihurch, ^called at seat-letting time upon the treasurer of the congregation. " I have come to pay 'for my seat," she said, laying down her money. " Yer .seat ?" returned the treasurer, who was a bit' of a wag. "" Losh, I think, !janet, you mean yer bed." Mother : " How did your face get that strained, agonised look in your photograph ? Did the light hurt your eyes ?" Small Son : " No, ma. The man told me to try to keep still, an' I did." Wilkie: "I suppose you're goin' to. church merely to show off your new : bonnet." ; Mrs. Wilkie (;sweet3yj : Not that entirely. I'm wantln' to"' see 1 the bonnets the ither women hev as weel." Oculist (to countryman) : ''Well, what can I do for you ?'' Countryman :. " If you please, sir, I want ye to pull a tooth out." Oculist : " My good man, you must go to a dentist. My business concerns the eye only." Countryman : " Well, sir, it's an eye tooth !" Blanche: "Isabel, what has put you 1 in such a bad humour ?" Isabel : " Why, I've just had a< communication from 'Jack, and he writes such a horrid hand that I can't tell whether it is a proposal, an Easter carol, or that cure for chilblains he promised to send me." Mistress (to Scotch servant) : " Janet, ,1 fear my mind's beginning to go." Janet (who has not a high opinion of her mistress's mental powers) : " I wadna say, mum ; but there's ae consolation, it hasna far to gang." Author : " Help me out with this. I don't want to say her cheeks were as red as a rose." Friend : " Say they were as red as her nose," Various animals lend their mite to make up English words—e.sr.. raan-fi^ment, dog-matism, cat-egory, chronology, duc-tility, and rat- ification. Mr. Mumblecliook (singing) : " Bid me good-bye and go " Miss Kffie Sharp: " If you're going to sing it like that on the night they won't stop to bid you good-bye." No Change.—" Well, doctor, how do . you find my mother-in-law to- day ?" "She's much better, but her tongue's bad." " It always was." Friends.—Eva : " Is it true that Captain Woolley kissed you in the Conservatory last night ?" Marion : " Certainly not ! I should just like to see him try such a thing." Eva: "I quite believe you, my dear." Promising Boy.—" I'm afraid you'll never learn much at this rate. Now today we'll change places : you'll be mother and I'll be Tommy." " Me be mother !" " Yes ; you are mother, and now for lessons." " Oh, as you're such a good little girl you can go and play— there will be no lessons to-day." A Question of Terms.—Miss Fitz-Hyde (in quest of an engagement) : " What salary ? Well, eighteen jruineas a week." Manager : " Take off the odd pounds and I'll engage you." They closed. Clara : " I wonder if it is true that, one is likely to catch something from being kissed." Maud : " Of course not. You've been kissed enough, but vou haven't caught anything yet, have you ?" Tommy : " Do you say vour pravers every night ?" Jimmy : " Yep." "And does your maw say hers ?" " YP-I." " And does your paw ?" " Naw. Paw "don't need to. It's almost daylight when he gets to bed." 