Comic Cuttings. He: "My views on bringing up a family are ——" She : " Never mind your views, I'll bring up the family. You go and bring up the coal." A German student, wrestling with the English language. Is said to have render- ed a text as follows:—"The ghost is willing, but the meat is feeble." " People talk about presence of mind, when and where most needed, &c.;," said a young physician to a company of older graveyard fillers at Cambridge the other day. " I can tell where it is most needed." " Where ?" asked one of the company with a sneer. " Where ! Why, in a lunatic asylum, of course." They gave him a diploma. An old woman, who had a chronic habit of sleeping in church, called at seat- letting time upon the treasurer of the congregation. " I have come to pay for my seat," she said, laying down her money. " Yer seat ?" returned the trea- surer, who was a bit of a wag. " Losh, I think, Janet, you mean yer bed." Mother : " How did your face get that strained, agonised look in your photo- graph ? Did the light hurt your eyes ?" Small Son : " No, ma. The man told me to try to keep still, an' I did." Wilkie : " I suppose you're goin' to church merely to show off your new bonnet." Mrs. Wilkie (sweetly) : " Not that entirely. I'm wantin' to see the bonnets the ither women hev as weel." Oculist (to countryman) : " Well, what can I do for you ?" Countryman : "If you please, sir, I want ye to pull a tooth out." Oculist : " My good man, you must go to a dentist. My business concerns the eye only." Countryman : " Well, sir, it's an eye tooth !" Blanche : " Isabel, what has put you in such a bad humour ?" Isabel : " Why, I've just had a communication from Jack, and he writes such a horrid hand that I can't tell whether it is a proposal, an Easter carol, or that cure for chil- blains he promised to send me." Mistress (to Scotch servant) : " Janet, I fear my mind's beginning to go." Janet (who has not a high opinion of her mistress's mental powers) : " I wadna say, mum ; but there's ae consolation, it hasna far to gang." Author: "Help me out with this. I don't want to say her cheeks were as red as a rose." Friend : " Say they were as red as her nose." Various animals lend their mite to make up English words—e.g. man-age- ment, dog-matism, cat-egory, chro- nology, duc-tility, and rat-ification. Mr. Mumblechook (singing) : " Bid me good-bye and go ——" Miss Effie Sharp: " If you're going to sing it like that on the night they won't stop to bid you good-bye." No Change.—" Well, doctor, how do you find my mother-in-law to-day ?" " She's much better, but her tongue's bad." " It always was." Friends.—Eva : " Is it true that Cap- tain Woolley kissed you in the Conserva- tory last night ?" Marion : " Certainly not ! I should just like to see him try such a thing." Eva : " I quite believe you, my dear." Promising Boy.—"I'm afraid you'll never learn much at this rate. Now to- day we'll change places : you'll be mo- ther and I'll be Tommy." " Me be mo- ther !" "Yes ; you are mother, and now for lessons." " Oh, as you're such a good little girl you can go and play— there will be no lessons to-day." A Question of Terms.—Miss Fitz-Hyde (in quest of an engagement) : " What salary ? Well, eighteen guineas a week." Manager : " Take off the odd pounds and I'll engage you." They closed. Clara : " I wonder if it is true that one is likely to catch something from being kissed." Maud : " Of course not. You've been kissed enough, but you haven't caught anything yet, have you ?" Tommy : " Do you say your prayers every night ?" Jimmy : " Yep." "And does your maw say hers ?" " Yep." " And does your paw ?" " Naw. Paw don't need to. It's almost daylight when he gets to bed." 