A New Policy Wanted. \ -The ecclesiastical policy of our Church I nn New South Wales has been almost !? 'entirely moulded on the policy of ' British Methodism, aud in most matters -\ve have done wisely in following so ,:goocl an example. It is a question, iliowever, whether we should not do more work with less outlay if in some ?things we looked to the United States ?land to Canada for guidance in the .-matter of pioneering. This is a land of magnificent distances and sparse popu lations. Moreover, it is in the infancy ?of settlement, and it is, and will be for .generations to come, impossible to ?klecide where the great centres of popu lation will be, and how many of those ,-^that now exist will be ? permanent 'Hence in the work of establishing tlie ?Christian Church in this land we have ?more to learn from similar conditions -in the New World than we have from -the Mother-Country. In New South Wales we have created many of the -difficulties that now greatly hinder our .spiritual work, and that by following a -policy entirely unsuited to the land in /which we live. No Church has made ?so heroic an attempt to reach the small, ?joutlying populations, as the Methodist ??Church ; but in doing this we have ieaped burdens upon ourselves that -well-nigh overwhelm us. Our plan has ?-been not only to carry the Gospel -message to the remotest parts of the -colony, but, wherever there was a nucleus of Methodists, to station a 'minister and create a circuit ; and -thus there has been an incessant de mand for more ministers than our -people have been able to support ; and |o make room for the continually in -creasing numbei* of married ministers, jwe have broken up our big circuits into ^numerous small and feeble ones, which, in their financial distresses, have looked io the Sustentation Society for help ? which they have not always obtained. ' Then, as a natural result of our too great ?'.readiness to settle ministers in localities that are not ready for them, our people have been burdened with parsonage and ti ist debts and other related obligations. : iN dw, while this policy has been a proof j|pf our bravery and of our earnest desire ยง]fco provide religious services for every impart of this colony, we cannot regard it r as a wise policy, or as likely, in the long run, to be the most successful. In our judgment one of the first duties the Methodist Church to-day is to vjcease receiving young men into its ^ministry until it has brought about ^something like equilibrium between its Ministerial agents and the capabilities ? of the people to support them. We are well aware that some good men have a : pious horror of this proposal as if by ,such action the Church would tie the Jhands of the Holy Spirit in the matter ?f-f calling men to preach the Gospel. |The British Conference, however, has ?iound it necessary to close its doors Tttore than once. And it is the only jwise and safe course. The Holy Ghost ^undoubtedly calls men to preach, but ?the Church decides whether a man called ?of God to preach shall give his whole '?time to the work as a minister or only part of it as a lay preacher. But, while we ought to seriously face this matter, we ought not to fail to do all we can to reach the families scattered over the distant parts of this great colony. We ought to do the work in another way, and if necessary by other agents. We have had ample proof in the history of Methodism that Christian work can be done and societies built up in places only seldom visited by an ordained minister. It is not necessary to station a minister in every little centre of population, but it is necessary to send the Gospel message to such places ; and this could and ought to be done. We hear that even in England, where the old circuit rider is no longer seen, a new attempt is being made by means of travelling Gospel-cars to' reach localities where it would be difficult to station a minister, and impossible to support him. And if our readers will study Mr. Colwell's article in this issue they will see what scope there is for something of the kind in this colony. Our country circuits need to be made larger by amalgamation, and in many instances one minister, with the assistance of a lay agent or two, would be able to cover grouna'now occupied by two or three ministers, and at a much less expense. We sincerely trust that the Conference this year will hesitate to multiply its present difficulties by re ceiving more candidates for its ministry while so many circuits are unable to face their responsibilities, and many others are trying to get rid of them. 