»«me Scottish Ghostt Oartlei and Hustons toat are Haunted Scotland, the land of deep enthusiasm and poetic feeling, lg essentially a land of superstition; witness the Arm belief of the peasantry in the weird traditions of the West and the Highlands, in the uncanny apparitions, foreboders of evil to the f amily to whom they belong, nnd their avoidance of the so-calleil abodes of ghosts and evil spirits. Nor do they stand alone iu their beliefs ; among the upper clans credence is given to much that Is supernatural, and not without cause, as the history of the annieut Castle of Gluiuls iu Forfarshire relates. Although the whole house abounds In mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber in .particular Is. known as the " Haunted Room," and access to this fearsome place is only known to Lord Stratbniore, his heir, .and tbe factor, There is no doubt whatever about the noises ; one uight when they were more v/eird and unearthly than usual, the present Eari, wjtli several chosen companions, delermined to investigate the cause, and went to the room. Hardly bad his lordship opened the door, when he fell back swooning. I\or could be ever be persuaded to tell what he saw, or eveu to mention the subject. One old story is that during a feud between the Ijtudsays aud Ogilvies sumc of the latter clan, in flight from their enemies, besought hospitality from the owuer of Ghuuis. Ue gave them shelter in this room ; but, under pica of hiding them, left tliem there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly remains which startled tbe Earl, but whatever it was is still a secret. Another story is that of " Earl Patie," celebrated for many vices, hut above all for that of gainbliug. He played continually, hobnobbing with his humblest servitor, could he not obtain another partner. However, one " Lord's Day" no oue could be persuaded to play with bim. The chaplain heaped anathemas on tbe head of any one who dared to desecrate the "SawbatU" by touching the "Devil's bricks," as he designated cards. Earl Patie, rather than be thwarted in his desire, invoking the " foui fiend" to be his partuer, locked himself into his room. The "dell" came, and then the tun was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, aud shrieks terrified the inmates, and the butler, uraver than the rest, puttinghis eye to the keyhole, had it sorely scorched for bis curiosity. The Karl, coming out for a minute to get tho wherewithal to settle up with, returned only to And the room empty, aud nowhere could any trace of his ghostly comrade be found. After his death, five years later, the same noises were constantly heard Issuing from tbe room and alone the corridors. Allanbank, the seat or ttie Muaris, is haunted by the ghost of " Pcarliu Jeau." She was tbe wife of tho first baronet, and a Frenchwoman, whom he married In Paris and deserted. When returning to his native land she appeared at the last moment to bid him good-bye, and stood on the forexvheel of the coach to address him. Much annoyed, be bade the postillion drive ou; the lady fell, and tbe wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival home, when driving i under the arched entrance gateway, Sir Robert saw "Pearlin .lean" sitting ou the top, her head and shoulders covered with blood, and for years the rustle of silk and pntter of Louis XV. heels was heard along the passages. There is perhaps no more nutorious ghost than the " Alrlic Drummer" ; bis haunt is an ancient stronghold, Cor- tacliy Castle, bcluiiging to the Karls of AI rile. Whenever bis drum is heard those round take it as a sure token of the speedy death of oue of the Ogilvie family. The origin of the story is tbat the jealousy of a former Lord of Airlie was roused cither by the drummer or the ollicer whose messenger he was. In rage he thrust the man luto his drum, and ttung him out of the window of the tower In wbloh the music, is usually heard. The" victim threatened, if bis life were taken, to huuut the family, aud lie has been as good or rather as bad as his word. The music of the hapless drummer has often been heard, and quite recently, within tbe memory of those living; In 1844 before the death of Lndy Airlie, and in 1S4U before the death of the ninth Earl. Spedliu's Tower, now a ruined Border fortress,- -was long haunted by the spirit of a miller named Porteous, who, being suspected of arson, was iueancerated in the dungeon by Sir Alex, .lardino. Having occasion to go away from home, ha forgot all about his prisoner, who perished of hunger. No spouer was he dn-ajl th»u his ghost began to tormeut the family, and gave them no rest night or day. At last, by the aid of Beveral ministers* the demon was exorcised, and a Bible was placed in a niche iu his cell. Years after It was thought neccssary to have the Bible rebound, j Accordingly it was sent to Edinburgh ( for that purpose. It bad Dot been long : on Its way before the ghost left its dungeon, fled over the river to the ;new , home to which the family had recently | removed, hauled Uie baronet and' his ' wife out of bed, causing much terror aDd disturbance. Only through returning tbe Bible to Its niche in its old condition was Porteous's revengeful ghost quieted, and peace again restored. ' Woodhousu Lee, the. seat of the Fcaser- Tytlers, Is visited by :tlie spirit of .Lady Hamilton,-of Bothwejlhaugh. Her husband is known as the murderer of the RegentMurray at Linlithgow In 1850, and surely no assassin had ever greater provocation. Knowing Lord Hamilton was from bome, the Regent seized his house, 'turned his wife and . child out naked into the fields; before morn she was a raving lunatic, her' infant dead,. probably murdered, and now her restless Spirit .haunts the abpde of her former happiuess. Part of the masonry of tlie old building, was used for .the present mansion,', which 5B built on .the Pentiand pills, ,fpur_mljes, dlstant^from the scene flif^tlie 'tvagedy and. but a few. years qgo 'the domestics wcre terrlfled by the apparition lady robed 4n white lioldluRii'chil3 ; in her.gruis,.which shows tlie 'epGcti'e Is still faithfpl "to her old fiawfev'' 1 : • . , . TlieTnverary. ghost"")s another wellttufJioutlciited'BtoiT, the hearse of which drives tijVto-the door of the Castle befhre the decease of .nny'member of the Argyll fauilly. - It is' said/duHhg llie Illness of«yie late,DrichesB, ttiStTWof the servants ht' Inverary, -while 'resting iu the gloaming, heard tbe noise of wheels, unbarred the great door of the entrance-hall, and, on opening it, found nothing there. Shortly afterwards they heard of the death of their mistress. Duutoeid. the horns ot the the oldest inhabited castle of Scotland, is visited by those delightful spiritsfairies. There Is still the fairy flag, given centuries ago to tbe Chief of Macleod by the fairies, and which always brought them victory when tliej took It into battle. A room In the tow«r Is devoted to them, music and dancing are often heard, hut all vanishes when the door is open.— " Gentlewoman." 