I Til F. KVKX1KC Hi II VIT.'E. I Tin' cn'.'lioilr.il was crowded in Mic even : ing. win']] ll»' cxp-i-iii'mn nf Un' messed Snr ? ra.'.uenl tool; place. Kn Wier Iti'llnn exposed . ihe - iiT.i'.wnl. .i-sUWi| lu- Father Xugcnt, j ¡ii:-I lin' rosary w.is reciiod. The sermon J v.as pre.u-licd 'hy Dr. fullagher. Hisliop of i (iouVhurn. At Mic conclusion of tln> sermon li :" .|i. :i -n v. a-- ..¡ven liv Dr. Mir. r.iv. Bis- ' ; li'ii M tilh'ivl. I Hisai'"' li.iii '."her i". li.. sermon qunted nr> t. xi. lie .-?..i,! : - I lt is e.'-y 1 ? .'" i linn Hie UlOUglll Whir1! ! ii! n; ]ie ':i "-t ::. :'..> r':iid of every one prc | i-ent i s tint .-.".e ihiiejlit which is nppcr '. mu-I in my own r.'':i.: "What :i pity timi ! tho Archbishop nf y,, líeuirne is not willi ns.' I We .ill regret it for the illness which. though we i rust ii is si.j.rhi ¡ni,! passing, li-i< I detained him at lînsh.ine. an.l prrrcntrd I him fruii ili-eh.t.'rrintT (his lilioui- low I We regret il for t iie loss I o all of us of I ho-c ' v. inls of wisdom anti encouragement. of iii'iit ami leading, nnd sweetness, which his \ 1. g. generous heart, drilli;ing in fresh en'.lhti fli'.stu from this large, intelligent, mid syiu patilu'l.ie e.iidienre. would litiive poured ont. to instruct, to delight. l.o move-tn inspire irs with nollie and sustaining thought*, and lift np our soul« to heavenly desiree. What A void 'lu's absence cause* ! It is a great occasion, and he would have, given- us some- thing worthy of it. His address would have been a filling crown lo thc sacred ceremo nies and r.plondid celebrations of the «l&y-; j However, lie is not iiere, omi someone «*y nuin the broach. When asked hy -my dc^T friend, ymir IHVII 1H>1OVIKI, and zealous, «md . enlightened prelate. to take the Ariibia hop's plaee-but how eau I take liif place, a pigmy clothed in the armour and striving to wield the sword of a giant-1 hesitated as lo the subject on iWliidi 1 should address yon. Um my lie-dl.ili.m d'.d not last. long, l'or, whcllier you '.peu a school, orerectíin 4 orphanage, or inaiiguiiitc a teaching bro- therhood, or consecrate a cathedral, we. are merely, in each ease., .bringing into exeiciwe some one of those countless instrument* oí brni-'ficcn'ce, of eiilig/h'leji'iiicnt, of salvation, ?which our holy mother the church has ever made use of lo (benoni the human family,, to enlighten, to elevate, and to saivc the souls of men, My subjeiet, therefore, is, " What blessings has the nhureh conferred" on soeietv V 'Whit benefits bas that great f.nholi.-' Church, which has subsisted in owiy age, and is to last to the end iff lime, and is spiv.nl f Imiug-itout: all nations, lie slowed u|«m the world-blessings., swine of which yon, if -only docile to her teachings and faithful to her precepts, are certain to ? reap, according lo tho -measure of your .wan'ts. and of your pious importunity, from the instruction you hear and from thc sae I'.iinie.nts von receive within these sacred Willis. 'libero is not and there never was in the 1 a n ru ls nf the hnimin ¡wc any institution \ vhich presents to ike thinking mind oO . many topics worthy of interest and of ex- amination os our linly Mother-thc (sibhj lic Church, To the true 'believer, to the genuine Catholic, for him who has already captivated the pride of his reason beneath the glorious yoke of faith, a -brief review of her struggles and victories, of 'her defeats and triumphs as the 'ages rolled on, must afford ample matter for legitimate pride. To the philosophical mind, to him who would investigate the causes which have led to the growth and prosperity, to the decline and fall of peoples, of nations, and of empires, it supplies an exhaustless field of thought. Again, to the man of literary taste, of cul- ture and refinement, to him whose poetic soul will respond only to the open sesame of aesthetic taste, the achievements of her sons -and daughters in all the wide domains of genius, of literature, and of art should unfold the highest ideal of the beautiful and sublime. While the freethinker and rationalist even, who would subject to the scrutiny of pure reason alone tho teachings of revealed faith, who would measure the infinite designs of the Eternal by the li mited comprehension of man, should find in her history sufficient motives to inquire whether phenomena which cannot be traced to natural causes may not come from heaven, whether " the chain of events con federate and linked together," as Bacon says, " may not lead to Providence and di vinity," whether in a word tho finger of God may not be here to guard and protect, to shield and defend that great institution which the malice and the efforts of men have so often in vain attempted to destroy lt has liecn duly said -3hat tho ldstoisf^pj^pjj ' the Catholic Chu rel i canners togctt^^^^^^H wo great epochs of human civ%hsatjp|^p|^p|^p|J of Augustus-'with thc da^^ÊIBIBIBIBlH Xo institution is IBBBBBBBBBBBH ' mg which carries back lille mimd to^)^p|fepfepfepfe\| when slaughter of a UioiLSand^P^pB^pB^pBj in the Geranium adorned the progra^ptptptpBH ' tue families of captive kings grax-c f triumph of a returning Caemar ; to ^P^pjfepH ' time when 'Livy wrote and Horace aangflfepfepj * and thc orators of Greece still sighed aftcr^pB^H a'nd illustrated in thc .most graceful and ^P^H ; pliant of human tongues, if they could no ^JH longer preserve, the departed glories of their country. The religion of Mahomet comes next in antiquity- 622 is the year of the Hagera. But a Christian congregation re- quires not to be told that the religion of Mahomet has been, during the twelve cen- turies of its existence, a terrible scourge permitted by God to test the faith or to punish the ingratitude of His children. And the religion of 'Mahomet is now at lost . sinking back into the earth from which it sprung unwept, unhonoured, and unsung. lint- thc Catholic Church remains, not merely in thc decrepitude of old age ; not merely as strong as she was on that day when Mahomet ¡led from Mecca to Medina; but having renewed her youth like the eagle, goes forth in all the energy of her pristine vigour, carrying with the Cross of . Our Saviour and thc Hook of His Gospel s her ten thousand instruments of enlighten- ' \- ment and of bonelieenee to the limits of \- the world. When Christ Our Lord asccn r ded into Heaven, He fulfilled bis promise i -Ile sent down thc Holy Ghost to found 1 Hi- Church, to comfort his apostles, to cn 1 able, them to preach the Gospel or new law. i Soon before the light of their teacliings, 1 which is that of Holy Church, vanished thc \- clouds of Grecian and Hollian mythology i. embellished though they were hy the fdftcy ; of the poet» 'hough art had lighted them ; up wit! ..iless forms of beauty, though/ f history lind hlr.nded int.» them the records s of the glory of those ancient nations that \- were loved so well. Sile, again, it. w.as tbatr . from the very first moment of her existence ' s hegan to dash from their pedestals those J I idols which M "Hy falsities and lies thc greatest part flfl Of mankind had corrupted to forsake flflj Ootl their Creator, anil the invisible jflll dory of Him (hal made them to trans* ^Bflfl Oft to til ie image of a brute, adorned With gay religions full of pomp and goldj. ??? I And devils to adore for dietics." *H Again, though she spoke root in the per snasivo words of Uliman eloquence, but in 1 the shewing of the spirit and power, thc simple preaching nf thc Cross ns proclaimed " J ; by her apostles soon overcame, or nt least -J 1 assimilated and purified, the philosophies ' '', 1 of thc pagan world, based though they wero"*" ' on (he foundations of pure reason, adorned '. (hough ('hey were by the genius of I'lnto . and of Aristotle, reeommended though they . ?? were for Hie acceptance of al! the ages hy 1 thc eloquence of Cicero in words which shall never die. Fir MO years n'nit'more the Hollian limper irs. supported/uy tho strength and disciplino nf thirl/'- legions. 1 those mighty sledg."-hamnvrs orville world, : sought to extingni-li th" light of liei-_fnttli in the blood of their children, ig>ieiatit ne they were that already on enc of thc seven hills an humble fisherman had taken up his throne, and that from thy throne his \ successors should rule over liv ants of peace and love an empire vaster in extent, more populous in numbers .md docile in obedi 1 enee. than had ever been subjected to the . sword of the eternal city, licgions Caesar never knew, his successors should sway Where Human eagles never flew, none in ! vincible as they. Yes. none i'uvin.-ible as they ! For when the eagles of the empire retired before .mdL.^ the blade oí .qr.tss refused tn grow under 1 lie advancing nvc-li nf Attila a'nd Hie Huns, na- it ii.-l (he calm dignity and re- ligious heroism rn ! cnr.-ciuus strength of a j s..1..e I (treat, tliot ?>l.:iyc.| Hie progress of the bnr- \ J I'ari.m ami s-'ve.l from his ruthless prey ;.; j the Lisi re'irs nf an expiring eivilisn'l¡on f % j Again, when the successors of Mahomet nnd I conquered lo thc obed lenee of Hie Koran or ! i the -word every nation outside Europe . that was known tn th" ancient world, when every l:n-e bent in profane homage to Allah ero! bis prophet from the pillars of Hercules I > Hie bulks of ll», flanges, MUS il not rr C.ilh-ilie .priest. Pel,.,- (he Hermit, who, nt the -hid.ling of a sovereign I'.ind'd'. Urban IT., made, thc ci Hiedra!- and churches of Europe to ring willi the thunders of an in- dignant and enlhiishistie cloqüenco that went straight lo the hearts of flic jieoplc ;. and called out ii* faith and chivalry from öic banks of Hie Thames and (he Sein, ihe Tilwr and thc Rhino, .Uki li d Lhem on barbarous lands and dangerous seas i l eso IM tlio sepulchre where our Lord wa laid and to save «neu again Hie liberty c -Kunine V Two centuries and a hali c chequered history for thc Christian wot! «une and passed away. About. Hm middl of the riiinteenth century a countless lios arose in (he native lami of that nomad wai rior, Thibet., extended, under it» might; leader, Congis lilian, its devastaliii] couii-e from Hie Fastoru Pacific to thc He ?diteritincnn Sea, .made thc. kings of 1I1 earth tim footstool of its invincible wive reign, dcniolb-htd the few relies of civiii-n .lion which He sword ol' the Sara ccu had spared, whitened thc plain, of Asia willi tho bones of Un myriads .slain. Xor was il stopped ill ¡lr ?career of destruction till il met, under tin thc walls of Neustadt, in Austria, t1ins< swords that were wielded by the heroisir of the Christian faith aud had been brough! together by the voice of thc common father-Innocent IV.-for the defence ol Christendom. In fine, not to multiply ex fimplcs overmuch, had not John Hunuia.lc -Hint hero of chivalry whose banner wa^ blessed and horne liv a Catholic priest and Kiiirl, St. .lohn Capislian-repulsed Ihc »-¡ill vicierions Moslem from the walls of Jiel grade in ltöd: had not Don John, of Aus- tria, and thc Catholic powers of Europe, i'l thusR days, " while still o'er thc main lloated thc galleys of Spain and the red-lion standard of Venice," been induced by ihc Hain Hy Pontiff Pius V. to forget their differ- ences'for a time and unite their strength to humble thc pride of Ibo Crescent ill 1372 - f (lind not John Sobieski, the last of Ihe Crusader, "Come, «seen, and through Cod's aid conquered" finally the Mussulman under the walla of Vienna in lüSIl, sonic of thc fairest countries of Western Kuropo might to-day be seeking in vain lo bc freed from thc horrors of Croie or Armenia ; their daughters might to-day he serving -as Cir- cassians in thc harem of an eastern despot ; and those exalted s nils, who to-day adorn, by their genius and their virtues, thc faith, the liberty, and thc civilisation of "thc wes- tern world, might be slaves to "One of tliat saintly murderous crew to carn- age and tho Koran given,'' who ever , thought that through Christian blood lay their directest rv>.id to heaven. I would "have you observe that in this whole in- struction I do not <s|H.ik of our Holy , Mother Church merely as a divine in flU'tntion founded by otir Lord Jesus Christ. For in lillis aspe, i her history is .synonymous with the history of Hie whole world, going 3ip not only lo thc day of lVnlecosl and lo thc hill of Calvary: but. before them. ? through promises and figures and pro-' L phee'res, ito Adam and to God. .ifOT do I ? speak of thc church in her doctrinal and a -sacramental system as the guardian and in i^^Jalliblc expounder of rcvealçiï truth and thc I^MIT authorised disjwnsor'of the mysteries i^^^^Jßod. For in this sc/ise lhere is not any i^^Br institution towliich she can bc eoni i^^^^B^^Lmcrelyj^&ik; of her in her secular i^^^^^^f^Panc.-r.nd external aspect-as the i^^^^^H <if human society as it now i^^^^^^^^Ptho character of Christian nations, i^^^^^^^Rnd defender of true liberty, i^^^BSs foster-mother of learning, civi i^^^^^Kf the modern world. To illustrate my j i^^^^Roct from this jioint of view, you will i^^^Bhnit mo to adduce one or Ino additional ^^^^aniples. When our mother thc Catholic j i^HOhurch first appeared on earth, thc boasted . i^^libcrty of the ancient world was little more ; J ithan a ninnie. Its privileges were limited, F to a very few. At least two-l hirds of thc j I human race were slaves-adscripti glebae. to ; be bought and sold as tho chattels of tho j tiomcstcad or thc fruits of thc soil - the! thralls of 'thc northern nations, the helots' of Greece and the servi of Home. She it -was that first realised the generous senti- ¡ ment of the pagan poet, " nihil humani -.11 mc alienum puto," that notlring human was j outside the circle of her beneficent sway. I tîhe spoke, and soon the master was taught j to sec even in his slave the image of thiiti ^roat Creator to whose likeness he lind him- self been made. "In ono spirit were all her children baptised inlo one body whether Jew or Gentile, whether bond or free." She touched the captive's chain, and soon thc «hackles fell from off his limbs, the furca . ceased to hang about his neck, the bitter \ draught of which thousands had been made ' to drink in every agc wits dashed from his I lips. She went down with him into his prison and in bonds she left him not. Tho integrity of his «ru! nus restored fvj him once more, and, " redeemed, regenerated and disenthralled," bc caine forth, he stood erect in Ids native dignity, he took his place »fejj mun among the sons "of men at the bid-1 alHg of-thc 'beneficent genius of Catholicity. Tho emancipation of thc above- the aboli- tion, of slavery-il is a work of social rc . eenwation, thc memory of which a grateful .world should not surely allow to die. Again, ' 'triicn holy church first appeared amongst jnen, she found woman in a degraded state, tp»ying dearly for the primal fall. Some .^fts from heaven she did still inherit, but "tho slime of thc serpent was over them al", i "She was little more than the vile instru-, ^ jment of the despotism or of the sensuality; ? of man-"Man did hold her when Ids pas-' I «ion had spent it* novel force, not much I P "better than his dog. a little dearer than hií¡ l^Atasc" - the bolaira of Greece, or Hie i^pPiioc-of Rome. Tho Catholic Church,: H .however, soon look her bv Hie hand- for] ? .the weak and all who lacked for strength H at all times had hers at their command-I T Tauted her from her fallen state, tlirew ' around her weakness the aegis of her pro . tooting care, placed her under thc shadow' ' of the "Cedar that was " exalted j "on Libnnus"-the lxlcssed Virgin Marv,| ' and for tüte first lime in the (history of thc | world did point ont to astonished and de- j lighted man, how divine a thing a woman I can bc made 'when elevated, Tcfincd, and} . sanctified by the ennobling influences of the | Catholic religion. To-day, whether as a i timorous dove, she sreksnn asylum for her \ timidity " in those deep solitudes and awful eeles, where heavenly pensive contempla- tion dwells." or as si=|er of mercy TVOMUS her virginity willi ? I'lie suer!-I 'flee of youth and homily, ami ac- j leoinpli-liinoiils tu I he training of the tender , imin.l und less.-iiiuir ihe burilen of human ' ifeorimv, or as wife and niot'her sheds around , the domestic heart-h 'thc 'sweet aroma nf ? Christian piety and maternal love, .she owes i -all this elevation, as virgin, wife, ' and j woühor, lo-tlie sublime'teaching and human- ' .ising influences of our holy Catholic faith. I lhere is no woman wlx^ought not lo lie at | least in 'heart a Catholic-none who, if she ? only 'knew thc 'history of the church and j the efforts wlh it-li thal churvh in every age. made for her eleva I ion. .would not af least | love, even if she were no!, permitted to I i adopt the ancient, faith. For wOniinn's sake ' i has the Calholio'Cliuroh been called upon ' I Ito moko some of Ihc imosl generous and j ?«tost c'oslly of her sacrifices. More Mian j three emitirles ago she preferred tojose. thc i wealth, Illogicalness, and Ihc power of that (mighty Empire, on whose wide domain Hie sun is said to never set. under wihose impe- rial flag we herc in Australia live so happily t to-day, rather than concede to thc j*ns y sion's of a licentious monarch. Ibm rv \ 111.. ?.. the dissolution ortho maniane i-'anl Hie rights nf an injured liol, l.elpi.-- .m-..,,. (th,. ' good Catherine of Art- ug- M. -lo-1 i- three, «entunes liefori-al. thc ".u- w-'i.-u the¡ £a nacen menaced the lil».lie- i, -ope, | when one nf Hie greale-i ..i Hu ,;'--iiiin( Kmpei'ors wassÄMi'ing lo lund m i'ii.uu- . libcrlyoftW^-hureh-Jlicii-losl tlc sey»r-i once from liVf spiritual enipirc oí ihc king ; dom of Frainy, jn'sl 'then rMnir "I' i" lb. | lMgnitv of herWoud place its titsl nmotu"' \ I inc nations anil eldest daughter of he, L church, beean*«! she would not grant a di , vorn) io her haughty sovereign, Philip ' Augu-tus, nor allow Iiiin lo cx ? linnhe fer li fairer and younger par.uer Iiis lawful spoii-o I'he ipuvii liigelbcrg.i. The eleuiliou of woman ?ii,<aI a position of degi Jil.il i,ni ami ede tempt lo ¡he righlfiil piare, wnieii soc n,,w occupies as -rile equal, Vile companion, und ".oiisuler «.f mau-lids loo is a Work of social aiiii-hoKumi!, of which she. may 'Will feel proud, lu a word, from .tIii» moment when ?lier cstabli.-.L'iiioiit hy K'oiisla'ii'iiiic as Uhe re- ligion of the empire porin.iilcd 'lier lo pro- claim ah.nd her dueirines und lo enfuie; i.cr pi-,.'-, Hie old order, even in pu h.io Mic, i-l Ihe pagan wodi! was «liiaiigcd. ," All Illings «cíe made new." Tho-I.mg,ncr of lim c.r|-iiu's Liken in war was no longer 1 pcnmUtcii lo grace Ihe liiiiinph of a victo' linus general, lliiitiau reason was no lon . ge oneiiiged ,by the ignoble sig'al of men about to die ""saluting the divinity of the Emperor," Lions and ca nielojmrds no longer iboninded on their human prey in'tile 1- isl - jvlah amphitheatre. The degrading spc; | tilde-of a thousand gladiators .liuteliering ¡each other in thc arena lo make a Komm holiday, to gratify the .-.lied 'a j,,pi-I-i I es of a briit.ili.sed populace was nu lunger allowed i lo belie thc boasted civilisation Ol mankind. Hm ix'gciic.i'atcd humanity, illumined by that great sun of justice which ciiliglitciieth ('very mau that cunielh into ihe world, star- ted on I bait, great career nf prognes from 'wundi-how xlevimi- .soever the path mar- tiale licen and great the ub-H.iclcs to over- come--A h.io never unco, turned back, asser 'ted thc dignity of human nature, while re- storing to thc author of the universe that supreme 'homage of which the wickedmss and impiety ol'all the preceding centuries had deprived Him. In a, word, linly .M-t her Church by her teaching und her works realised amongst mien the sublime und prophetic hymn with i which thc celestial and choir in the mid air ushered in, on the first Christmas morning, thc new-born Saviour, by restor- ing " His glory to Cod on high «nd bringing pcai<e and goodwill to 'men." " Hut," someone may say, in fuel, many do say, "we admit tho civilising inti o nee of thc church in thc ages i.hal are pan-cd. She did a great work in her day. Hm that dav- is gone, never to return. She kept the lamp of science buming during the long night of thc middle -ages, bul she is not suited for thc meridian splendor of thc nine- teenth century. SHhe is and mu.-'t ever bc a beautiful relic of a glorious past, but only to bc preserved, as some Egyptian mummy, for thc inspection of the eiTrioua in a museum of antiquities." Hut no! She is not vanquished yet: life's ensign still I ls crimson in her face and in her lijis, And death's pale flag is not advanced there. Wc Catholics, we Christians, are liol merely j the heirs of all the ages, but are, along all ; thc Hnes of progress, in the foremost ranks ? of lime. Ah, no! They ure mistaken who : say that religion pales her ineffectual fires. While Hismarck, the man of blood and iron, lowers the Imperial flag at the bidding of Leo XIII, and goes lo Canussa; while , the infidel leaders of France beg the sovereign Pontilf to interpose, as he did in tho olden times, the olive branch of peace between the swords of contending factions; j while Newman writes and Sccchi investi-'; gates thc secrets of the heavens; while I; 'Manning is called in to arbitrate success- fully between thc conflicting claims of capital and lahour in the commercial . centro of thc world; while P<jsa>urat Paris i applies the latest achievements of seienee to the alleviations of .human suffering; und thc good Father DSniien laboured amongst , his leprous children in Molokai, let it not bo said that terror is no longer in- spired by the terrors of the Vatican, let it . r.ot be said that Hm spirit of Christian : heroism no longer exists. Dr. Gallagher concluded his sermon with thu prayer that , his hearers might derive nil thc blessings ] which thc \isitors would bestow, and that j the good Saviour might make them good ' citizens of Australia and save for all eter- ¡ ni ty their immortal souls. " Wc will pray," he said, " that thc benediction of Almighty ! God may rest upon you and thal you will hereafter enter that Kingdom beyond the : grave." -1 