WAYS OF THE WORLD. Bj BOYET. <i iU J*l A CAPITAL CANTATA. CHORUS OP ARCHITECTS. "Give us carte blanche for once, and we will raise A city—that ancient Home In her best day# Compared would be cheap Eunemup—a Canvas Town. Her Coliseum but a circus for a clown. Your orders, gents—Waiters are in the room, Waiting the blissful architectural boom. How will you have it? Name your Federal order, And Palaces will sprout across the border, Classic or Gothic? or "The Altogether," Australian style, to suit Australian weather. Wc have tbcm all on hand. The People's Voice But pays its money and secures it# choice. Commission, ten per cent.—extras the same; Plans by arrangement. A job in sight—and fame." HYMN OF CITIES IN THE RUNNING. " Claimant towns by the hundred-mile rule, Our climates are free from all storm, In summer cucumbery cool, i. In winter delightfully warm— ■ :> Just heavenly, bearably warm. "We're all on a railway—or will be; We have bays that could shelter witfi ease All the ships of the world, and yet still be The pride of the Federal seas— Our harbours are certain to please. " Our women are lovely and gracious. Our youth arc polite and good style, Our men arc heroic and spacious, And not "too addicted to Smile,' Only touching it once in a while." " Our 'skeeters are known for their tameness; Their hums are but Federal psalms. Our sheep arc well known for their gameness, And our plains for their fern-trees and palms— They arc jostled with fern-trees and j palms." I DIRGE OF THE CITIES "OUT OF IT." " Wc are betrayed by the great farceur Reid. j We want no Federation—no, indeed. j Our birthright bartered for a mileage jest, j Mere yards the standard. Beautiful and Best Passed lightly over. O, Motherland, ! The Reid we leaned on has but pierced our hand. May indigestion worry bim at nights, And labour members cause bim ceaseless frights. May eggs and dour ever be his lot, And may be always say the thing that's not. j The South has won for years the Federal scat, j If not for good—a claim that's bad to beat. Custom enchains, and then develops right, And when the time expires—the South will fight." THE PUBUC ON NOMENCLATURE. "With wet towels round our heads, and our pens full up of ink, | We're busy, very busy, on the job Of the Federated Capital; and it's ten to one, we think, j We've nearly hit the nail upon the nob." " We have tried a Rule Britannia for the Federal City name, And we.thought about tlie Emu at the Zoo; When without a moment's warning a flash of genius came, And we fixed it up as KANGAROODLEDOO." THE POETS STRIKE THEIR HARPS VIOLENTLY. " 0 new-born goddess, White-robed, drawn close with kinship crimso threads. Sun-crowned Fedora, Enthroned on wool the purest of merino, Snatching the ruby grapes from dish of virgi gold. Thou art our Circe, , . Thou our Unified Australia. To thee we bend the knee—both knees. To thee we cliant—all hymns we know; And pour libations—long ones—sparkling witl soda, And quaff them all ourselves—to thee—to thee t'ur Starred Queen, New-born from labours of our Premiers." FINAL CHORUS. " Then it's Kangaroodlc—Kangaroodle—Kangi oodle—doo, Native bear and 'possum and bandicoot, em< V e have fixed up federation,' and done our dut to Kangaroodle—Kangaroodle—Kangaroodle—doo. (Curtain.) ' The position at the Kilinore Hospital is something like the preliminary canter be fore the bottle of Omdurman for effect. The army of white-capped and aproned nurses are swooping down on Dr. Semple, who has formed himself into a solid square to receive them. The doctor—let us hope, in one of his bad quarter hours—said:—"That all certificated nurses were nothing more nor less than great humbugs." Naturally this roused the nurses, who replied that— "Some doctors they knew were humbugs." Now, is this professional squabble only a theatrical affair, and aremurees and doctor the best of friends behind the acenea, hob nobbing in the green-room (if there is such a thing) of the' Kilnnore ^Hbsjfital, as if nothing had happened/ or, unhappy thought, has the quarrel brought out tbe real naked truth, and hre nurfies and doctors nothing but "great humbugs'* after all:-' ' ; News by cable that the French Premier has been betting with a member on' the kpc<?d, or otherwise, of "the Court 'of" Cas sation, comes as a shock to this non-gamb ling community. It is a b&d; example, and way be followed.. Nowwhafc would they tliinlc in England if one day (hey woke jap and read in their morninfe .papers that Sir George Turner had bet Mr, EfcVl -a "pony'? that Federation wouidn'tbe accomplished before next Christmas? Why. Auatralia Would be gibbeted as a yearning to the World against the vice of gamtlmg, to say nothing of the direct bribe for the Premier °f New South Wales to perns Federation in ■ a hurry. ' Woman is nothing ff ;no^ I Jor years her war-cry lias hfe i rights, euualitv willi Hi'iiiS'" ,! or years her war-crybps rights, equality with lowed it up with action, storming alLthe positions held by men, and taking many. For years she waged a fierce war on the subject of pantaloons, with the result that victory is now almost within her grasp. In deed, she has already grabbed a portion of the fruits of victory in the form of knickers and divided skirt. She has also secured men's games and their tobacco. Three fourths of the onlookers at bike meetings and swimming displays are women. But mark the change in tone and argument when it's t'other way about. To-day (Saturday) there is a swimming tourna ment for ladies at Brighton, and at once the standard iB raised, "No men admitted." j Equality and woman's rights' demand iB all very well, so long as it is encroachment on men's rights, but directly the tables are turned equality is stilled, and the shriek, "You mustn't, it's not fair," set up with a vigorous screech. Again, photographs, which can be pub lished far and wide, may be taken at the baths, of the events, but the operator must be a lady. Could anything be more un reasonable? It makes one think there must be something behind the scenes. Per haps it is that all photographers are des perately wicked men, who could not be trusted alone amongst a gathering of, say, some Bix or seven hundred ladieB. As re gards "The Australasian" photographer, we know that is not so. He is a middle aged, married man, devoted only to his art, and will, with equal immobility, photo graph a church, or a lady in the most de colletee bathing dress. He scorned the idea of there being anything at all attrac tive (to him) in lady bathers, and was per fectly willing to have his eyes bandaged, to wear dark-green spectacles, or take the pic tures with bis back turned to the sub jects. Items by the mail:—Lord Hopetoun has been to Osborne in order to perform the ceremony known as "kissing hands," a re quisite performance following his appoint ment as Lord Chamberlain. The Queen also delivered to him his -wand ot, office and gold key. As the post' of Lord Chamber lain is to carry in future (ex officio) the Chancellorship of the Royal Victorian Order, the Queen also invested Lord Hope toun with the chain and badge of that decoration, so that Lord Hopetoun had a good load on his return journey.—Signer Catani has taken to the stage, and is play ing a small part in one of Williamson and Musgrove's "Belles of New York" provin cial companies. Between times he paints miniatures.—Mr. Brough has purchased the rights of tne romantic play, "The King's Outcast," to be produced in London on April 24. The proprietor of the Waxworks has unfor tunately found it necessary to file his schedule. The assets W course include the wax figures. Scene—Large hall of the Waxworks. Time—Past midnight. Present all the figures. Shakspeare.—"By my troth and gadzooks things are in a parlous state. Good Master Kreitmayer, of a verity, cannot support us any more. 'Falling off in business,' quoth he. 'Hot weather,' quoth 1. By our lady, we are only wax, and wax melteth, and so we fall off, as A were, and lop over most ungraciously.' Go to! How can we help it? Grammercy, good Master Ned Kelly! marry come up, thou naughty varlet, thou wilt have to take to the reads again far | a living. Mistress Anne, what ails | thee?" ! Queen Anne.—"Alack-a-day, and woe's me! For years I have kept my poor eyes open night and day, and stared at every body, and tried so hard to please, and now 1 shall have to die once more. Want of sup port! How can wax figures keep upright at 100 in the shade? Why didn't they put |more sticks under us?" Policeman (in the vestibule).—"An' me looking so rale, too, for all the worrld like Mr. Chumbley himself! Luk at that felly Morgan, lolloping over on Queen Victoria,] and the Impress Ujane just melting away forninst that villain Deeming." * Deeming.—"Who are you calling villain? ! .You'll get some wax in the eye directly. Fll melt the whole boiling of you, if you I cheek me, and cement you into candles." Sir Walter Raleigh.—"Order! ordeiT or beshrew me, I'll spit you all, dike so many j partridges. Think of mie, with Dozon and Hainault for the double - tipped by my friend Captain Cook, here, to my right, and ] I may not exist to see it come off." Little lied Hiding Hood (plaintively j sings).—"How doth the little busy bee— How neat she epreads .her wax. Oh, my i poor head! it's running all away; my] memory's gone. Ib there any sign of a? change, any of you?" Mr. Gladstone.—"Shade of Mrs. Jariey, what a grumbling crew! There's nothing to fear, we'll-all make very good members of Parliament. We are-still nice-wax figures." Oliver Cromwell.—'And federation so -close at hand, too, and George TTeid being j got ready to come amongst us. I saw him being moulded last night. He's a great] men,- They..had,to use Julius Cassar, Dis raeli, and the Queen of Shelia, to make him up anything like life." fMrs; Gamp.—'Which, I says to my; fre-, quent pardner, Mrs. 'ArriB, and she a squatter in Australia, and sitting next-door to Pringe of Wales, quite friendly like, apd Columbust, bless his body and bones, which have been took away recent, unbe knownst." The Black Prince.—"Obi dry up, Saireyl Give her the teapot, somebody" Mrs. Gamp.—"Which you can do so your-] self, you wicked Pringe, which murdered , the. poor, dear Anna Boleen, and Jane | Shore in the Tower of Babel, ..which I often 1 repeats, and will, was the most out rigious—» - Napoleon.—"Pardon me for interrupting you, Mrs. Gamp, but before we separate we ought to move a vote of confidence in Mr. Kreitmayer. He has done all that a man could do for ub—dusted us every morning, mended our clothes, kept us upright, and w'hen we felt inclined to run—(Ah! that last charge!)—stopped us in the coolest manner possible." (Cheers.) (Cocks aire heard crowing outside.] Ghost of Hamlet's Father.—"The roosters show the matin to be near " Lord Melbourne.—"Those are thetowlsin the Chinaman's restaurant, Little Bourke street." Dumb Man of Manchester.—"Silence, all of you, here comes the assignee!" ' 