M'MfER'S WRAITH, w ? (By Ernest Favenc.) ' VBBP HAD been hard at work HBf ' all day. The cook Ha had made an effort nil fr*-''^-r^-m and 'cooked a decent fijj| -I ^§3 J dinner. I had fin fl/m I .^^1 ished 'my smoke, and CiltSRr^ss^^^ 'R'as 3vst ' going t9 —a special case that an uncle of , mine had sent out from Scotland — when I was conscious of a figure in the Toom. I was alone in the house, as far as I knew. I could hear the cook and the two men arguing loudly* in the kitchen ver boys had asked permission to go and join a cor roboree at the blacks' camp. 'Who, then, was this stranger? The 'figure, first shadowy and vague, grew more distinct, and soon became clearly denned as a tall gaunt man, with a vivid auburn beard and hair, and light blue eyes. He looked in quiringly at me, and when i rather plainly re quested to know what he was doing in my room, he replied, in a*strong Scotch accent, 'I'm M'Whirter!' 'The devil you are,' I said. 'You're the ori ginal M'Whirter, I suppose, who took up this station and stocked it, fifty years ago?' , 'I'm the ffion,' he said. 'What brings you here?' I naturally asked. 'I thought you died thirty years ago?' 'So I did, but men you called me.' Now just before coming in from the verandah I had looked around at the seat and well-kept surroundings of my home, plainly visible under a full moon, and I remembered saying aloud, 'If old M'Whirter could see this place now;' and ap- I parently M'Whirter had beard the invitation and I accepted it. ? I may as well mention that old M'Whirter was a sort of tradition in the place. The legend ran that he was a tall, raw-boned Scotchman, who lived on nothing, and made his men do the same, and worked like a carthorse. The shade before me seemed to about fill the bill, and I began to think that the ghost of M'Whirter actually stood before me. 'Won't you. sit down?' I said. 'It's just as weel,' replied the shadowy thing. 'Have some whisky?' I asked. 'Mon it would be guid. I can smell it, but eanna taste it. Ye ken I'm but a shadow.' 'Is there not something you can do?' I asked. 'What the spook people call materialising. I knew a ghost in Sydney that materialised him self into a wig, a mask and a pair of lazy tongs any time.' 'Mon you're clacking aboot those fechtless . bodies called mediums. I'm a genuine ghost. But there may be something in it. A wee drap of whusky would no' be amiss.' 'It came to one straight from Dundee.' He looked at it longingly. ''There's a doctor chiel in Kamma that knows a lot,' he said. 'I'll go ask him,' amd in an instant he was gone. ? I waited patiently, and presently the visitor troinv Karma returned. At least there lie was in the room again, but solid and tamaa; no more ?hadoTvy and illusive. 'It is done,'' he oald. 'Now mon, rax us the whusky.' He filled out a stiff nip, and a beatific look came over his rugged £ace. He p-uit has glass down wdth a sigh of ea-tisf action. 'Wihy riinma tihey keep'that brew fci Kanma?' he remarked; 'it would be no so bad then.' He Gat down, and I handed h.hn a piipe and tobacco, and he com menced to ouit up and fill. 'Wfcait do you do in Karma?' I asked. 'We just contemtilaie,' Ihe replied, as. though somewhat weary. ! 'Don't you form clubs, get up any whist parties, j ar-cricket, oar golf, or anything?' He looked at me in dumib anger tor a time. 'We just eomtemiplate,' lie repeated; then he reached across for -fch.e too-ttle, and helped himself liberally. 'Wtiat were yc-j wisiing to see M'WIbirter for?' 'Well, to see the ampnovement in the plaice since be took it up.' 'Improvement!' he repeated, and the sneer J-e threw into it was intense. 'Losh, mon, I see no improvement !' 'That's becauEo you don't underetand modern things,' I replied, hotly, i 'Deed, and I don't,' he said, calmly. 'It's all HLnfiu' waiSte and wicked extravagance the 'way you manage things these times.' 'There wae not much show oif management on tihos place when I bought it' 'No. There was no' a garden for' one thSmig,'* Jie eaid, with the utmost contempt. 'A guid feed of pigweed wsus eneuch for a mon in those days.' 'And you got scurvy and Barooio-Tot and. every other kind of abomination. Amd you paid, mere for curing yourselves than I do for gwrofiing a few piunn/pkiine and sweet potatoes.' 'Bax one the -whusky,' eaid the ghost, and wihon he-had helped himself again he went on, 'Noo, the way you use leather on a station as heert breaiktng. I TrouOd na geevte a bit ol guid green !hide for all the leather that was ever made. O,' but greenhide is guid, amd toonnie, and miinid you, mom, it costs nothing.' 'The way you fellows used to live was disgjuet Sn«,' I said. , 'Hoot, mon, there's na -pleasing you. You maun .keep men doon, and no feed them o'er weel.' 'Nonserse, it's just as easy to live well, as badly, up the bush. You -used to eat nothing but ?weevily flour just to naie out that you were economical.' 'And it is economical you are talking. O the sin o't! To talk o' throwing away guid flour just because o' a wheen weevils in iti You're awfu shy with that bottle, man! Rax us ma whusk ey.' That's what it had come to. It was his whisky now, and I suppose his station and everything. -I. began to question ithe sanity of my materialising suggestion. M'Whirter, unacustomed to liquor for so long, was getting quarrelsome in his cups, and inclined to think that he was on earth again for good. He finished the whisky and went to sleep with his head on the table after asking me all sorts of names, amongst which he mentioned that he had his 'doots' whether I wasn't a 'besom,' by which I understood him to mean that I was an old woman. The morning star was bright when I turned in, but it seemed only five minutes before it was broad daylight and the wall eyed cook was shaking me. 'There's a man asleep in the next room, and he's been at the whisky, sir. The stink of spirits is something awful there,' he said reproacfully.. At once ir Cashed across me that the ghost of M'Whirter had not vanished at daylight, and was now on my hands all day. 'It's a man came late last night,' I said. 'I know him. I'll see to 'him. Bring in breakfast for two, and make some por ridge.' 'He looks like a man. who eats porridge,' said the cook, spitefully. ?I guessed that there was not a drain left in the bottle. I got rid of him, and woke M'Whirter up. He blinked like an owl at first, but gradually came tn himself. ? 'It's ' awkward,' he admitted. 'The loon wiQ buke me, and I'll e'en get fined a year or two. They are macht stricht up there; 'but there, lad, I'll stop with you all day, and gie you a^ lesson 'in station management.' I thanked him, and after freshening - up a bit, We sat down- to brearkfast. . 'D'ye no have a morning?' he asked. 'I expect you wan'- one,' I said, and opened-a t fresh bottle. He had a nip, and then sat down to his pamteh, as he calleC it, 'Mon!' he said, wit a shriek, 'you are no put ting sugar with the parritch. You. are but mak ing a pudding of it.' 'Mr. M'Whirter,' I said; 'if I like 'to make a pudding of my porridge, I suppose this is my. own station, and I can do it if I like.' 'Oh, it's your fash, not mine. - But leetle did I think that I'd a sat at my own table, and seen a callant eat his parritch with sugar.' He put half the salt cellar on his plate* and groaned. I groaned too. Fancy having the Scotch, ghost of a pioneer squatter of the old days, with a turn for economy in his disposition, and a dis position to lecture and find fault, on your bands all day. There were six bottles of Dundee whisky left, and I felt an inward convictfam amounting to a dead certainty that I would not get rid of him until they were all finished. Af ter he had made a hearty breakfast— I may men tion that I had broken my cook in to grill a. steak very -well, and the M'Whirter growled because Ms steak was not -fried — we walked round tbe place and I showed t^™ all the improvements that bad been made, and he sneered at every one. The only time he smiled was when we came across a gate that some fellow had pegged with a bit of: dry wood, a broken branch in fact. 'Eh! -that looks like old times,' he said. 'Does it?' I remarked, for I am rather particu lar. 'It will look like new times directly,' and I went up, gave the man who did it beans,- and , sent him down to make a proper peg to put in. tWe had to go in the store Six. a tomahawk, and v H*W]nrter followed us in -and leaned1 -against a case and looked round. '_?'-, ? T 'I suppose you keep count of the tobaco© by stick, when giving' out a pound,' he eald^ 'No; we weigh it now.' 'Guid sakes! you lose on every pun' you sell. Twenty sticks. to(the pun'_, wet or dry, -.that's fair measure.' ? ? ; ? ' 'Oh! we don't trouble about\hose little makes nowadays.' ? ? ; ^ . 'Little makes, ma conscience. Nob there's floor; I suppose you weigh that too?' 'I do.' . 'A tinnie went to a pun* with me. I've a mighty big thoome, and I always stickit it weel doon in the tinnie when I was measuring. That thoome has stood me in weel;' and be held out the member in question, a great, broad, splay sort of affair. With lectures like this and some Dundee whis ky, I managed to get 'through the day. In the evening who should come up but a distant neigh bor of mine an- elderly Scotchman of the name of M'Phairson. I introduced him to M'Whirter, and mentioned that he was a nephew of the orig inal M'Whirter, which was the only thing I could think of, for it had suddenly occurred to me that M'Pbairson must have eeen M'Whirter when be was a youngster. 'I remember your uncle weel,' said MThair scn with the garrulity of age. 'You ha* no the bones o' him, and you're no so tall, but you're like — you'ne like.' . This was a good beginning, and I wondered how the ghost liked being told that he wasn't like him self. But that was nothing to what was com ing. 'Ah! he was a hard old carle;' went on M'Phairson. 'Folks about here said the deil got his own when he died. But I always said, and held, that your uncle was too hard a bargain for the deil to touch with his hoof.' I hurried the two inside, talking rapidly and in coherently, while I broached another bottle of whisky. M'Phairson drank nis, and asked me what ailed me, that I was blitherin' at that gate. I coudn't well tell him that he was talking to the ghost of the original M'Whirter, but I had a cer tain sort of gloomy satisfaction when M'Phairson, under the influence of Dundee, settled down to a real old tirade against the hapless defunct. He let off when he had satisfactorily proved to the supposed nephew that his uncle had been a con firmed cattle and horse stealer and a more than suspected murderer, and by that time the bottle was three parts empty, and the cook poked his head into the door, and said that tea was ready and a singit sheep's head the dish. I had no sheep, and it seems M'Phairson had brought it over with, him in the buggy. As he went in to tea the ghost whispered to me, 'I forgie tii-mJ and I'll go back to Karma content. A singit sheep's head and Dundee whusky is too guid.' Tea passed quietly, and we adjourned for a smoke; then tremble ensued. M'Phadieoai again got reflecting en the character of M'Whirter's sup posed uncle, ^nd I'm afraid he naked up some nasty home truths, w(hieh ttie latter remembered .too well. Anyhow It was growing late, amd 1 lhad nearly dozed, in my chair, when I was roused !by hot wends. 'I will kdU you,' 'said MTiiainson, getting up. M'Whirter laughed, and took the biggest nip of .whisky I ever saw a man take at one drink. Then !he addressed me. 'You will oonne and see this mon kill me?' he g^Vgfl Seeing tfaai 'he was dead already, I nad no ab jection. 'He is going to kill ane, ye ken. And I wull gie £he M'Phairsoin the biggest freet ever a M'Phainsoii got, and -t2iey a gotten, plenty o' freefcs.' 'It's a lee,' shouted M'Phairson. Peace was now impossible, so we adjourned out in the moonlight to settle matters. Probably, if I had not had to keep pace witn a ghost at whisky drinking, my brain would have been clearer, but as lit was, I was desperate. The men were fortunate ly all asleep, and we went round to the side of the Ihouae opposite to the kitchen. I was convulsed at the idea of M'Phairson fighting the ghost, but he took it very seriously. ' 'You will kill me,' said M'Whirfcer,' in whom I noticed a curious change. 'Weel, begin.' The opponents closed, and then a cry of dismay arose. The M'Phairson's fist had gone right through the now ghostly M'Whirter. He looked at him for one second of palsied horror, and then took to his heels and fled. M'Whirter took after him, calling on him to stop, but M'Phairspn, after one turn round the house, rushed into his room, and barricaded the door— a very useless sort of pro ceeding against a ghost. M'Whirter came to me. 'You ha' treated me weel,' he said. 'You're a wee bit conceited, but ye will grow out o* it. I must move for some reforms in TTarmn — the taste of that eingit sheep's head and the Dundee whus wey will abide by me. Good-Dye,, laddie, and dinna believe what that cock-sparrow of a M'Phair son tells ye.' Of course, now that he was going, I was quite sorry to part with him, but we bade each other farewell, and he faded away, and I went to bed. It took an awful job to get M'Phairson out of hia room in the morning. Only that he wanted a drink very bad, he would never have consented to unbarricade his door. But he's very proud of the adventure now, and tells how he chased auld Hor nie five times round the house, on every oppor tunity. 