CIlAr'i'Ett 1. dkiktim;. Lost, lost, lost, Oil the vfiRt expanse of ocean that stretched away, thousands of leagues, east west, north, south, with no land near save these inaccessible clilTs. that shot up far above our heads and sent out, here and there, sharp shafts of hidden reef, like horns waiting to gore our frail harks. Fifteen human beings in two small boats, in a sea almost ahvaya stormy, without food for more than two or three days, without covering, except our satu rated clothing, without water. What was before us save lingering to the death that must, sooner or later, overtake us V Would it not be better to at once do as one of the men advised us, stave the boats 1 and drown all hand3 at once rather than undergo the prolongation of misery which seemed inevitable '( Wiser counsels and love of dear life prevailed, however ; and, although wo had all of what provisions there were in our boat, we de termined to stick together as long as we But as the night advanced and the fog settled on the face of the waters and the cold wind chilled us to tho very marrow, ihe extent of our hopeless position became more and more apparent. Some prayed, others blasphemed, seine sank into speechless apathy—and so tho cold, hope less morrow broke. We bad drifted during the night about a mile from the rocks, which showed dim and ghost-like through the mist. .Ml was silent around ; not a sound, except the low, unceasing hiss of the water, or the occasional wash of a little ripple against the boat, as we drifted helplessly and list lessly away. l!ut suddenly the sun, which is rarely seen in this desolato region, after a struggle with tho hazy atmosphere,shone sick lily and faintly on us. This was something, but very little, and it roused us from the condition of settled despair into which we were rapidly sinking. Cheered by tho example of the mate and .lun Gragg, we set about another search for a landing place amidst the chaos of rock, though with very little hope of success, for ihe cliffs ruse every where sheer from tho water. Wo were now, as 1 said, fifteen souls in all, eleven in our boat,one of the quarter boats,and four in the other, a small one, not much bigger than a dingy. The weather had been singularly calm for these latitudes, where storm and tem pest is the rule Lhe whole year round ; and fortunate for us was this, as, had tilt sea got up, we must inevitably have been swamped at once. We hailed the smaller boat to follon us, which, after a pause, they did.slowlj and sullenly. Tho reason of this wo knew soon enough. Amongst the four mei: who manned tile boat the demon of dis cord had already risen, the cause beinj strong drink. It appeared that ono of them line brought with him from the wreck a small metal flask uf brandy, and this he had concealed in his bosom. For a while the terror of the time seemed to have caused him to forget liis prize, but as the cold, raw morning crept on lie had remembered it, and had been seen by his mates taking small sips of the spirit. Tho other three had asked him to share it, but ho had churlishly refused. This had led to a quarrel and, as they took iq their oars to pull after us, his selfishly taking another sip brought tho quarrel tr , a terrible issue. The others rose simul taueously, with tho intention of wrestim. , tho coveted prize from their companion and a struggle ensued, in which the Mask i fell overboard and sank like a stone, , One of the men, as ho saw it drop intc the water, made a frantic dart at it, but ; missed his footing and, striking tho gun wale of the boat with his head, fell i senseless into the sea, at the same time • capsizing the vessel, which was small and crank, and in a instant the other three i were floundering in the water. Uno of i j them—the one who had had the flask • j which had caused the mischief and whe l was a passenger and one whom we knew i as working on the diggings where we had i made our money—succeeded in reaching the boat, now floating bottom upwards l the others, after a few frantic struggles, i sank, locked together in the embrace ol I drowning men. At first we pulled round as for an etTorl i to save them, but this the mato sternlj F forbade ; and, heartless ns it Boeined,. wi i. o,r our Ooat waB-already too full and their rescue would have been certain destruction tc ; all : It was a horrible fate ; and yet how many of tis afterwards wished we had shared it, when in the long, long time of miserable existence we dragged out, we prayed for tho death that came so linger ingiy, yet so certainly. Yet to leave the one who clung in | desperation to tho bottom of the over i turnod boat without an effort to save him, at leiiBt, was more than we cauld do, so, after some consultation, we dragged the poor wretch into our ark of refuge, taking the boat in tow. Better had it been for him, for us, for me in particular, had we then left him to perish, better ; but no, my fato, although I knew it not then, was bound up in his. Mine was tho voice that gavo the casting vote that saved his life; mine was the life that, in after years, ho shrouded beneath the dark pall of crime, from .remorse of which I have suffered, still Let me bore state who and what he was, as I knew him then. What 1 knew of him afterwards will appear in due course. He was a Swede, named Joseph Born, a middle-aged man, a man gloomy and taciturn ; one who had been of the first on our diggings and who had left just before the fire on the flat. He was aj ^nan I did not like ; a man, in fact, whom nobody seemed to care much about, nud whom I had not seen since his depar ture from Fiery Creek until 1 met him on heard thiTOay we sailed. Row his fate b enme interwoven with mine this history will show. ' 4 