KNOW THYSELF, MAN! \- — THE MISSING LINK DISCOVERY BROUGHT UNDER REVIEW. DR BE VAN'S address. udcd ). It Is quite clear that the transforma- tion of the brj into civilised man is a history which as yet imagination alone sunpHcs'llM'Blt Is very easy to take i refuse In the peculiarities of a p term like that cosmic processes, and it is very remtffjgBabje that the cosmic processes shouhlBfcrotluce at last a coura<, of conduct wb .JS&Bln; nil respects is op posed to that v|BHch leads to success in the cosmic fffrusijjMi f0r existence. Are we quite sure the iniluencc. which. It Is said. Is , not so much to the survival of the as to the fitting of as many as to survive, may not have been . -j'Bin the earlier aea aa w'ell as In ur The scientist too often betakes to the investlpu- tlon of the tmt ,1G find Illustrations t tm (Blic workings of these Bo-called eownlc tTees. Other men. with other ends 1— rrB;W, nnd even among the savapes thosc.?A «ld,t,ons whJch the scientist declar. ... -- nbnut at last In the progress and .Bnce of human civi lisation. Are we to regar.r.- I(. savage as our present nearest ty. vCI'gBf primeval man? May not man then j,ave jws- sessed some of the-- .vH owers, whereby ho too was able to cu.tJ cosmic process, whereby he was n roVy«(u( of duty and affection? May llv » , > ,,„t ,iave pcon n him some ci the llf.« ViHtvltleh Is better than that of th..- Ln djH savage?- You will observe that. In phrase which I quote from Mr Huxl at kcen dCw bater has boon obtlMC.l.iB0 pilt jn tho nd. jcctlvc qualifying the f-/: -Hvage, as though ho felt that merely m-B say "savage" would not quite Bilnii low moral condition which the cosmlo force alone would have P-'BoiI, Perhaps, after all, the survival Mthe fittest, the struggle for existence, ruthless, un- yielding pressure of llf (f,nlh> are not the only readings etRRH of tho cosmlc forces when they ore l:JtjBproted In the widest aspects of ll;.-Bls0oin which turns to every side of LiSB nmj being. Intelligence and moral even the spiritual essences of are imt mere products of evolull j)Ut arfJ orj. glnnl and Independent c. jn the universe. There ur»r n; wards in the key which shal U)0 unlock the meaning of life. begin to suspect the too easy exp . . ation whlch physics gives to the univ y0 We can not reduce the phenomenon.;?j;f the world to terms of matter and mol ( unless in deed we use matter and m in a very different sense from that W which tho common man employs the KQ0B'r The equa tion of life with all its tho ; and con- viction, its faith and its lo': ';B cannot be set forth by the mere sym vbe of space and time and what emerg V;:Bt the end of our problem must luive '-B, present right through, and Is there 1KI the be ginning, or has been some Introdu- cod from the regions which loB yond the limits in which hitherto our. ;.B lution of the problem has moved. i tB "Wo may, of course, settle jb.Bvn Into the dust and mud of a simp jJB materia- lism, but even then unless V-Biexse to reason, we must give uccoujvl t Dose visions which oven in the diu,/Bq mU(j haunt us, visions of the col(.r1Bcid the forms that lie upon the skyBi unly perish In the miry clay. Oi; take refuge in Nescience and our- selves Agnostics. Let us renuhB«- that we shall not therefore escape ijbB charge of -the folly of him who says rB knows not. and then proceeds add that he knows that he i"By knows not. Neither shall we cease cee the continous sting of our nature-BT which while It cries aloud it Is Agno cH|B-.can never be content except as it s|vBrts to know. What then can we say to who have been greatly concerned byl£Bnu- nouncemont of this wonderful d.Bn>ry of a brain cup in the Island of jt should not.be forgotten that theiBbrm has been occasioned by the rolslmBfthe ghost by a German scientist, whicuHwno schools, quite' as authoritative rB ciir own, have already laid. Still that dan m,t matter; because a fright is needle by no means equally needless th/B ih» fright should not be allayed. It that purpose I have taken the opfHrtu- nlty of presenting this sketch fo OB the State of Anthropological knowledpOiB os- pecially in regard to the remnij'itfH of primeval man. Lot us gather a few general cCj-flK|u- Blons.. 1. The latest discovered rotfiBlns Is prokably that of a human skcliHen. Opinions concerning it arc very dltBRsp, and at least there Is nothing In the iUHul) nor the thigh-bone nor the teeth "i&Huh; Is incompatible with a human orjjflnn. 2\. In the next place all thc,remalnBlof man hitherto1 discovered, present »Blno features different from those which now exhibits R. In the third place. wHle the age of the duration of matt upon Bite earth has probably to be consideraBBy ante- dated to that which hns usuaHky been received as covering human histoBr, still some of tho circumstances upBln which chronological conclusions htUe been founded are very doubtful, and Bit Is remarkable' that If man . hns exlBft. led so long as geology would seem to suB. gest, there should not be more numtToiBIa traces of a history far more compllcnB|. erf and civilised than that which we noBv possess. B The history of human science is toB full of examples of error to be correct by further knowledge, and espuclollw by knowledge co-ordinated with that oB other sciences to moke it the part of tluB wise man too readily to accept conclu-B slons even from the most acknowledged! experts In any branch of knowledge.Pro-B fessor Huxley, In his liol youth, wos-uc-l customed to sneer at the facility with ® which the lntcrpretators of Scripture I were able to tlnd a fresh Interpretation I when advancing science showed that 1 some theory based upon Biblical inter- I ' pretatlon coutd no longer be held.. It 1 would be quite possible for the mockery 1 to be returned with Interest If such methods of argument were edifying, for undoubtedly the reconstructions of scientific theory have not been less nu- merous than those of inbUcal lntrpre-: , tatlon- Aro we quite sure that tho lust ; word has been spoken In geological ' science ? It Is not quite ascertained even If the apparently all dominating theory of evolution Itself may not" find many recastlngs as knowledge and thought increases. Thirty years ago Materialistic Schools of Philosophy were perusing a kind of vandal march over all the fair provinces of human thought. At present it seems very much as If the army of Idealism had driven back the enemy and were left masters of the field, Wisdom, oa we have said before, will be patient. The conclusions of many a modern anthropologist will be the ridicule of his successors when perhaps the next century Is still young. And finally, even though some of the most cherished convictions of man may have to be modified in the light of anthropolo gical discovery, yet we must not too readily conceive what one side of our knowledge may have given ua to that which another supplies. There Is a cer tain fashion In. the sciences, and at one time a partlcuiar branch of human In vestigation seemed to carry everything before Jt. It Is not merely lis #ovvn sphere which it dominates, but It over whelms and controls other sides of thought and knowledge, which have their own value and should receive their own weight. It Is noticeable that the anatomical anthropologist somewhat modifies the rigor of his conclusions, wheh at one time were almost arrogant In their demand. Archaeology, lingu istics, and ethnology, have ail their claims, and these different branches of human research must all be regarded, if we arc to secure a complete science of Physical science sometimes uses lan guage that would seem to imply that she alone follows the principles of right reason'," find ilever nverat'eps the limits of experience and observation, the abso lutely verifiable. But a very slight ! familiarity with scientific writing soon makes us sensible of the enormous free dom with which the scientist indulges In speculation.. . The Inductions of many sciences are very easily erected Into uni versal laws, and, although some of these Inductions are based upon a very meagre series of Instances, they arc constantly being applied, not merely to the science to which they specially belong, but to the settlement of questions which lie In entirely alien spheres. It must not be forgotten that there Is a psychology, a mental science, as well as a physiology or nn . anatomy, and yet the man who has cut up and portioned, and weighed, a brnln wilt set himself, not merely as a jiidge of mental philosophy, but a com plete Iconoclast, sweeping away nil mental science by the stupendous postu late that thought Is a product of brain action. One of the most blunderiug contradictions tliat has ever fallen from human lips. Tho believer Iti ethical science nnd moral rcsponslblllty.and tho devout man of religious faith may therefore with great serenity view the appearance of the Missing Link. It Is not only very doubtful that the link has yet been found; but, even If he were, and should tho whole trend of anthropology compel lis to modify some of our theories de rived from the Scriptures, and enshrined In orthodox nnd traditional belief, it by no means follows that the great central truths which the ancient seers affirmed in their way, and which the modern phil osopher intiy be only nillrming In his, are at all affected by the different stand point from which he regards them. Cos mogonies may be reversed, and state ments of truths inay be figurative, and use tlie'lnnguage of tho schools in which those who declared them were trained, but it yet remains to he seen that the mode In which . man views the opera tions of Nature banishes from that na ture the Infinite Power Whoso robe It is, or Whore manifestation It supplies. Wis dom knows very well that when men discover a law they may be very correct as a statement of a method of operation, but when they erect that law Into the place of God, they are either giving the Ktornal One another name, or they are talking nonsense. And. indeed, .modern science fseems rather to bo as serting some of tho old truths. Formerly they frightened tho religious man by talking, about, nature; they have given that well-established phrase lip, and they now talk about cosmic forces, but they themselves are compelled to be lieve that the cosmic forces aro only modifications of the One Eternal and In finite Power, and the very relativity of their knowledge compels them, In the final analysis, to make that power a will. It Is not very long since men scorfed at tho notion of the unity of the race, and tho arguments of St. Paul concerning the first Adam were sneered at as :he Ignor ant ravings of an enthusiastic Iluhbl. But modem science cannot find any real separation In the family of man, the oldest skeleton. If wc could only clothe It with llesh, and revive It Into life, might walk abroad cither as a swarthy savage or. perhaps, a not very graceful member of an Anthropological Society, lie might take the hat, by mistake, of tho President of the British Association Itself, at the close of an evening devoted to the Investigation of Neolithic remains, especially if tl !«lt wcre a better one than his own, and' he had forgotten to devote himself to the study of morals, or were lltthj actuated by reverence for the two tables of the teaching of Jehovah. Anthropology Is a progressive science, hut It Is. as true to-day as It was two thousand years ago, that the foundation of Cod standeth sure, having this seal. T3»e Lord knoweth those that are his, ami lot everyone that nameth the name of the Lord depart from Iniquity." 