NORTH RIDING ELECTION. Sir,—There is an old legal axiom which says, "When you have a weak case or no case abuse the other side." Pro Bono evidently had this in mind when he penned his last week's ill-tempered contribution, for a careful analysis of its peculiar English reveals little that is of any interest from a ratepayer's point of view. The little information it does contain, however, must carry double weight on account of the fact that Pro Bono, who is on his own showing far above any suspicion of bias, tells us that there is a road within sight of my own door which has had much more than its fair share of money spent on it and that the only one who uses it is a "pet" who is first among "pets." Pro Bono asks me to point out a road that has had an "excess" of revenue spent on it and then proceeds to point one out himself. This is fortunate, because if I had drawn attention to any such case it would have been mere prejudice but coming from Pro Bono it is different, and the first idea that will occur to the . tboughtiWratepa misappropriation of public funds was going on ? If one road has been treated with undue liberality, and we have Pro Bono's admission that there is—it follows of course that some other locality must have gone short lis this the sort of "representation" Pro Bono asks his fellow ratepayers to perpetuate ? Is it not rather the sort of thing that every openminded ratepayer will be ready to condemn ? and for my own put I am sufficiently blinded by " prejudice" and bias to believe that a majority of the electors in the North Biding will not on Thursday next, condone such * representation" as was pointed out by Pro Bono Publico la*t week. There is nothing furiher in Pro Bono's letter that is of any interest to electors, but I would like to draw the attention of fellow ratepayers to the two few weeks, and on which he claims support for the retiring councillor. The first is that any criticism of Councillor Williams actions as a councillor most of necessity be the outcome of personal animosity. In face of the solid support which his most determined opponent must see has been accorded to Mr Blair the continual repetition of this " prejudice" cry becomes ridiculous. The second argument, probably put forward with the hope ol capturing a few votes among the unwaiy around Willowgrove, Hill End and Fomina, is that Mr Blair is a "Moe" man, while Cr Williams lives at Willow grove. Ratepayers have noted, however, that this argument is dis counted to the point of extinction by the fact that the most active canvassers for Cr Williams at the present time are residents of Tanjil South and Moe. This leaves no room for question as to who is really the " Moe" man. Why the Tanjil South people usurp the right to nominate a man for this particular seat, having already a councillor in their midst, is hard to understand, but the fket will no doubt be as fresh in our minds twelve months hence as it is to-day. In conclusion, sir, I hope that eveiy ratepayer who has a vote in the North Biding will go to the poll on Thursday next," hail or shine," and that the best man will win,—-yours etc., Willowgrove, Aug. 18th. MR EDITOR,—I have noticed letters in your late issues re North Riding Election. Anti Hamburg has tried to prove culpable negligence on tbe part of our old councillor, but I fail to see «ny proof. Anti may have good intentions bnt he must remember 41 Hell is psved with them." Animosity is not a good line, however successful it may be in inducing-adherents through misrepresentation. Mr Anstey, when the requisition was presented to him, took tbe situation in at a glance, and declined the honor. As a last resource they thought Mr Blsir would make a good makeshift, Anti's letters are great, but when be bursts into rhyme it's unique. He has evidently mistaken his calling and Bhould leave off growing sorrell and become Tbymemonger. There's tnoney io it. To the question, Which is the most suitable candidate for as 7 Mr Williams of course ! Everyone must adinit that his interests are in one direction. Furthermore, its imperative we should have a man from oar end to represent ns—not a Moe man -whose pull would be in another direction. I have nothing to say personally -against Mr Blair. (I want to see the main road from West bury to Fumina made good.) I believe there will be money to he bad, but I can assure the ratepayers'between the two places they will have no chance —no ghost of a chance—to get any if we <don't elect the old one. 'Let me advise the ratepayers to put him in again, and not be bnttonholed, pr< diced and wheedled with promises to do this and that with no intention to perform. All I can s«y is, when going to ike poll on Thursday next, leave your animosities at home, and not cut your nose off, etc. Petty spite is bsd enough in private, bat in public affairs is unmanly and beneath -contempt. Aoti pays a poor compliment to our intelligence whei he go^s outside the district to solicit a candidate for us. Anti's "phiz" will be a study when the numbers go up. Will he come -up smiling when the result of the poll is declared ? I pause for the reply.—-Thanking you in anticipation.—Yours, etc., Midway, August 17th. ANTI HUMBUG. WITHOUT MALICE. 