PAfiLIilENTiM CHIPS ? ? ; ? ^—. ? ? ? (By Tommy Hawk.)- - ??? ? The-pouse met yesterday afternoon at the usual time, out adjourned until the evening in order to allow members to be present at the review of the troops on the, Esplanade. In the evening, Mr. Vosper brought forward another of those characteristic mptioris of hisj which, possibly, are seri otisly.'intendedj'but are noit apparently so.,, :lliis was a; resolution aini-ming the desirability of an inquiry being held into the: dismissal of; the late secretary of the Metropolitan Waterworks Board. The Premier '.ppnosed ; the motion on the ground that it' was inadvisable for the House to be constantly interfering in these departmental matters, and the right hori?gehtleman having assured Mr. Vosper that hekriew of no charges which had been made against the late secretary, the : motion was withdrawn. -The member for North-Eait Coolgar die then moved in '.favor ..of the appoint ment'of a Koyal Commission to inquire into the working of the Police Depart ment j .with a view to increasing its efli cien'cy/'JHe indicted the force with hav ing displayed its incompetency bj' hav ing failed to bring the perpetrators of niauy h'agi-ant crimes to book, and chal lenged jits .efficiency in other directions. The 'Premier, intimated that he had no objection ?to the motion, and felt con vinced that the result of the inquiry; would'be'highly creditable to the depart ment:' He defended the fores from the imputation of incompetency, .aad refer red -to. the difficulties with which the police had to contend, owing to ths influx pf_a large criminal population. These undesirable visitors had now, however, sought' fresh* fields and pastures new. The motion was carried on the voices. ; Mr. Vosper's motions wholly monopo liseol the attention of the House, and ne pr.o-ided .'the : , ' material for another discussion by a resolution couched iri tne fpliowingterms : — 'That, it hav ing.:- dcrnpnstrated that Tne pre sent .alluvial trouble at. Kalgoorlie arises eritirely out of a question of dis puted title, ' .over which the Supreme Court al'pne has jurisdiction, this House is of opinion that the Government should refrain frorivall further interference in the 'dispute pending its settlement by process of law, arid then only for the purj pose of enforcing the mandates of He? Majesty's judges.' If the hon. member had any expectation of his motion be ing carried his anticipations must have been speedily dissipated by the tone -f the debate; not, a single member extend ing. his support to it. Even Mr. Leake could .only pose as an apologist for. tho member, for North-East Coolgardie, re marking that he believed Mr. Vosper's intention. was not to have the assertions made in the resolution confirmed by the House,' but rather to initiate a discussion on the matter. : If .that were the object of the- motion, it was. only too tho roughly attained, as almost every mem ber ja-ppeared to consider it' his duty to give the House the benefit of his views on the subject. The 'dual title' was generally condemned, and there was also an unusual unanimity of opinion 'that the law must be obeyed.' But- inre gardjtb another phase of the question,' the views' of Mr. Oats were appallingly heterodox. Not dnly did he not give tlie Government' credit for putting the gold of W.A. in the, ground, but he averred that they had never found an ounce of it. The discoveries had all been made by the despised alluvial , miners — the men who were the backbone of the coun try: .'??-; He contended that the Govern ment! should . never grant leases until they Had ascertained beyond doubt that the land did not contain alluvial de posits. ; ';' : ? ?? The Minister of Mines asserted that every 'question in regard, to the title had been settled by the court, and the reso lution was altogether unnecessary. Ho admired the moderation of the member for -Nprth-East Coolgardie in introduc ing his motion, but observed that, his speeches inside the House and outside were often widely different. He hoped, he added, that the hon. member would excuse his ; 'frankness. Mr. Vosper, in replying to this subsequently, said he would' like to remind the Minister of Mines that this sort of thing was not confined to himself. The Premier must also, plead guilty, and he was glad that the right hon. gentleman did not use the same sort of language in the House- as that! with' which he favored his hearers whence went on his little excursions up country. 'He 'would not, for instance, in the. House, call Opposition iricinbers 'trartor3' and 'croak- ers': and 'irresponsible agit-ators,' the ^epithets he employed elsewhere. Mr. Vospfj!r* had something derogatory to say of 'the Goldfields Act; and the member' for Coolgardie asserted dog ?niatically — 'There is nothing wrong with it.' .^That,' retorted Mr. Vosper, 'is the horil gentleman's opinion. Of course, he ; knows all about it ; he has been, down, a well- — and,' he added as an afterthought, 'some people regret that' he didn't stay there.' Reference was mfide to inflammatory speecheVwhich were said to have been de livered by the leaders of the alluvialists, and Mr. Illingworth attributed this de plorable .proceeding to the too liberal use. of whisky. This brings to the mind -of the; writer a verse of doggerel, read . somewhere, at some time, and writfen by I. Donohoxvwhicfi ilhistrateB what an exuberance of 'spirits' may be responsible for — I've heard, with, no ghost of a smile, One miner reciting a sonnet, In tones you could hear for a mile (This fellow was properly on it). .Another; in language sublime, Sketched out the plan of Creation ; Convinced he was there at the time, Suggesting some grave alteration. , And so I. would hazard, you see, A guess that can hardly be risky — That that which was said in Kalgooriie, Was said, as a fact, by the whisky. Mr. Vosper,1 however, was more charit able, and asserted that the reason for the inflammatory remarks was a psychological one, the speaker uncon sciously reflecting the opinions of the crowd -he was. addressing. The debate lasted until half-past 11, at which time there was no tangible re sult of the three and a half hours' dis cussion. ' . \' . . Mr. Vosper said he would not accept the responsibility of withdrawing the motion, but when the question was put, his was a solitary 'aye.' 