The Fatal King. BY LTJCY HARDY. liEAimra against a doorway, in the approved conventional attitule of a non- dancer, X ptood surveyiug u ballroom one winter's evening some years ago. The gay scene now before me w>is in striking contrast to those among which mv life, for tl»e last year or so, had been pulsed; for I had but recently returned f -oin an " exploration expedition" into the re o*sr>8 of Africa, an expedition to which I h d been attached in a medical capacity. It was a jnvftt change to return to the comforts ana luxuries of civilization after my exile, aa-1 as I gazed on the brilliant scene before mo I thought what a different world it was from the tropical jungles in .which 11.y ti no had been passed of late. For long mon'hs I, like the rest of my party, had trav lied with my life in my hand on guard ag> inet attack from savage beast or yet more savage man. Here all spoke of ease and > ecurity. Even the smiling coun tenances i round me wore cast in a totally different 11 old from-here I suddenly started, for at my f-ide, standing back in the shadow of the pnfi age, I caught sight of a man with an exprps ion on his face which, had I beheld it on the countenance of one of our negro carri re, would have caused me to lay instant lim d on my revolver. Men w) o live among the perils become singularly watchful of such dunger signals; ana hero, in civilized England, upon the countenance of a gentleman in faultless evening c£«tume, I recognised an expression which I had beheld often before in my experiences among the savage tribes-a look of that deadly concentrated hate which is meditating some swift act' of vengeance. jSuch an expression had swept over the features of one of our native porters before he had brutally murdered one of the Euro peans in revenge for some fancied injury. But people do not shoot poisoned arrows in civilized drawing-rooms; and as I glanced again on my neighbour he had reassumed 1 that placid, semi- bored expression which is characteristic of the guest who does not dance at a ball. Only for a moment had the | man suffered the conventional mask to slip aside, and the natural savage instinct to .how itself. I now surveyed my neighbour with some interest. He was a strikingly handsome man of some 30 years old, dark haired, dark-eyed, and with something foreign in his whole appearance. I learned afterward that his mother had been an Italian. He himself singularly resembled one of those "portraits of a gentleman" by an old Spanish or Italian matter, whose dark, handsome, but somewhat sinister faces look down upon us in many a picture gallery; faces to be admired or feared rather than trusted. One could imagine a jealous Venetian noble lurking behind a jpillar to waylay Nome hated rival, with just such an ex pression as I had noted flitting over my neighbor's face; and, as I followed the direction in which the man had scowled, I perceived that it was the- old story, 4 Cherchez la famine.'! Moving gracefully together amid the mazes of a dance were a lovely girl and a fine-look ing young man. It needed little pene tration to guess the relations in which they stood to each other, their loving, happy glances revealing their secret plainly. A betrothed pair, and the rejected suitor at my Bide-the facts were obvious enoagh. ' You've not been introduced to dara yet, . have you ?' said a voice beside me, and I turned to behold my host. James Villiers and I had been fellow collegians at Oxford, but had seldom met since we left Christ church. He had settled down on his estate after his father's death, and resided alto gether there, with his pretty young sister, who was many years his junior, while I had been working busily at my profession abroad and at home. Accident had now brought me into Villiers' neighborhood. I was visiting friends near Wretham hall, James' abode, and my old college chum had hastened to ' look me up,' and insist upon both myself and the family with whom I was staying attending the ball which he was giving in honor of his sister's twenty-first birthday. I had somewhat got ' out of touch' with civilized festivities, but Villiers would take so denial, And I attended the ball as re quested. ' I suppose that beautiful girl in white is your sister. She seems to be the queen of the evening,' Isaid, glancing at the young . lady whom I had. before observed;.ana then, as I looked again .on the fair young tacp, lighted up with happiness, I added' in- : Voluntarily, 'How loTely she i*J' JSvaeet fW*, 9* ? W*#, l>» .*.« wowe-JfttkW ****** V renuuked, .twpiUowiUy, 'but tk« he«rt <4 rt is tint the'* better tkas ahe'a pretty. How ever, rra to lose her before long.* ' Lose her P ' Martindale carries her off in a month or two,' said the squire, nodding1 his head in the direction of the daneers, ' and I mustn't complain, I suppose, for he's a good fellow-, and worthy even of Clara; bat the hall will be a different place without my little girL' 1 You will have to get married yourself.' James laughed. ' Time enough to think about that. It won't be easy to find a. woman to fit Clara's shoes, I can tell you. Ilowever, I never ex pected to keep her very long with me, and, indeed, she might have gone away long ago.' ' I can imagine Miss Villiers has had many admirers.' ' Admirers, yes, and lovers, too. Why,' James lowered his voice and glanced around ; then, finding that the attractions of a eo tilion had diverted both dancers and on lookers to the other end of the room, and that we were now alone in the doorway, he added: ' Clara had an excellent offer a year ago from a neighbor, and a rich man, too a far better match in a worldly point of view than she's making now-but she wouldn't hear of it, so there's no more to be said.' 'I fancy I have seen the disappointed suitor here this evening.' ' Likely enough; he is at the ball. It was a bit rough on him, poor fellow, for we'd all known each other from children, and it seems he'd always, in his own mind, settled that Clara was to l>e his wife. Only, you see, he'd settled it without taking her feel ings into account, and, when it came to the point, though she liked him as a friend and a brother-you know what the girls say she'd no mind to take him in any other capacity. I fancy,' and James laughed, * that Clara and Martindale-the fellow she's going to many now-came to some sort of understanding during her first season in town, but he wouldn't speak definitely until he got his promotion.' ; 'Is he the Major Martindale-the V. C. man V I asked, remembering the gallant act which had lately won this officer his dis tinction. Villiers noddod. ?» The same man, and I leave you to guess if Miss Clara is proud of her lover. Ho is to leave the service after they are married, however. X think he's done enough in the fighting line, and thoy are going to settle down upon a little property which Martin dale inherited a year ago from an aunt.' ? 'And you like the marriage?' 'Down to the ground,' said Villiers, em phatically. ' The child couldn't have chosen a better man. Though I'm sorry for poor old Delmont all tho same, for I think Clara's refusal carao as an awful blow to him. He had known her all her life, you see, and had quite built upon marrying her. He shut up his place and went abroad for nearly a year after he heard Clara's de cision, and ho only came back a day or two ago. I really felt a bit awkward about ask ing him to- night, but it was more awkward to leave him. out, and I'm glad to find,' added kindly but unobservant James, ' that Delmont really scorns to have entirely got over his own disappointment, and taken the news of Clara.'h engagement quite in a sensible way.' I remembered the looks which I had bo held the discarded suitor casting at the betrothed couple, and doubted if Mr. Del mont had. so completely got over his re fusal; but I made no remark. We were not in savage Africa now, and with what ever malignant sentiments the rejected lover might regard his favored rival, ho was not likely-in civilised 19th century Eng land-to resort to tho opon violence prac tised in earlier days in Europo, and at the present time in the dark continent. Somewhat weary of my position as on looker, I retired to a small alcove off the ballroom, where I conld seat myself in peace. A largo group of palms concealed me from view, and presently a couple entered the alcove; I recognised my former neighbour and the beautiful girl whom I had been admiring. ' This is the firwt opportunity I have had of congratulating yon, Clara. I suppose in virtue of our long friendship I may call you Clara still-orwill Major Martindale object ?' said the - man, as he placed his fair com panion in a seat and opened her fan. The girl blushed vividly, but answered with some spirit: ' Major Martindale will never expect me to forget old friends, Philip.' ' Ay, friends,' remarked the other, rather bitterly; * I had. another life dream once, Clara.' Miss Villiers rose to her feet. 'I am very sorry for you, Philip,' she said, gently; 'sorry that you should have, set your heart on what you know is un attainable. I could never have given you the love you ask for; even if I had not met Henry Martindale I could never have been your wife. You will surely find a better, worthier woman than I to make you happy yet." ' Clara, one word,' said the man, catch ing her wrist as she-turned to go; 'do you love this man whom you. are about to marry -do you love him as your own life ?' 'As Ilove my own. life-and better,' mur mured. the girl, speaking more to herself than to her questioner. Delmont dropped hor hand, and an ex pression so absolutely Satanic convulsed his features that I was on the point of coining forward; but the girl's eyes were on the ground, her happy thoughts away with her lover, and in another instant Delmont was calm again. 'I have only ono thing more to do, then, Clara; to wish you both every happiness and prosperity-that is the orthodox phrase, is it not?-and to request my old playmate to accept a little remembrance from her former friend. I procured, this trifle when I heard of your engagement.' He handed the girl a tiny jeweller's box. Clara opened it and took out an antique gold ring ; a device of a tiger's claws, hold ing a single diamond, which, as far as I could judge, was a stone of groat purify and lustre. Th/3 girl exclaimed at the beauty of 1 the jeweL ' It is nothing - only a remembrance. The ring itself is an antique ; I picked it up at a curiosity shop in Venice, and., had the stone fitted, to it. Probably,' and a strange smile-flitted over DeLnonfs features, "'ithas i been given before as I give it now-"* ' M;, bwwlihil 3 lnt I .k»8TIJMitw* gill «f « <04 Wand,' Mid d*r* M ahe slipped the r\ug upon bar ft«gw-*Ah!' ana the girl gave a sudden cry. 'It was only my awkwardness,' she said, smiling; ' I scratched my linger a little with the pointed claws-it is nothing,' but I noticed that a tiny drop of blood had fol lowed the scratch, and the girl pressed her handkerchief to the little wound. ' It is nothing to signify, Philip. Why, you have, turned as white aa a ghost,' said the girl, laughing; and, indeed, Delmont's face had beeome perfectly ghastly; but the next moment Villiers entered the alcove with several of the other guests, and Clara hastened to exhibit her ring to her brother. Expressions of admiration were loud and general, and tlien one of Clara's partner claimed her for the next dance, and amid the merry talk and bustle Delmont slipped away unnoticed. The gay strains of music recommenced, the dancers whirled around the ballroom, and I began to reflect that I was very sleepy, and should be glad to take the first deeent opportunity for returning home. Suddenly came the sound of a fall, a loud cry, cessation of the music, hurrying feet, confused and alarmed voices. Then Villiers dashed wildly into the alcovo. 'Selby, you are a doctor-for heaven's sake come and see what you can do for my poor little girl.' I needed no second call; in another in stant we wero in a small apartment, off the ball-room, where anxious hands had carried the fair queen of the festivities. It was a ghastly spectacle ; the beautiful girl in her ball dress, whom I had seen but a few minutes before in the enjoyment of full health and spirits, was now lying distorted -dying-ay, as I knelt by her and took her hand, I perceived that the gentle heart ceased to beat. 'All is over,' I said, scarcely knowing what I uttered. 1 What do you mean ?' almost shouted poor Villiers. * Why, a minute ago she waa dancing-it ia only a faint-why don't you do something,' he added savagely, 'instead of standing staring there.' Alas 1 all earthly aid was useless; but as I conveyed the sad intelligence to my poor friend, he becamo so wild and incoherent in his misery and surprise that his friends with-' drew him forcibly from the room, leaving me to essay various means of restoration, though my professional experience told me too truly that all was in vain. I really felt fairly dazed. Sudden death, especially when it befalls the young, is al- ' ways terrible, but in this case it was peoul-' iarly startling. Only once in my life had I soon a similarly swift transition from the full glow of health to sudden death, and that was during my African travels. Once, on a a march, one of our party had been shot at with an arrow by one of the savage warriors who dogged our path through the forest. The wound, or, rather scratch, was so slight that its victim scarcely noted that he had been struck; but, a very little later, the wounded man had fallen to the ground with a wild cry, and after a few convulsive strug gles, bocame a corpse. We learned after ward that these African savages know & secret whereby they can tip their weapons with a poison so deadly that even the slight est scratch of an instrument thus treated will cause nearly immediato death. (TO BE CONTINUED.) ' 