Parramatta Wesleyan District Synod Chairman, Rer J E OarrutherB. The Annual Sessions of the Parramatta Patriot Synod ware commenced iu the Wealovan Church, Penrith, under the presidency of the He? J B Oar ruthere, on Tuesday, October 24, at 10 am. Af'er tho ugual devotional preliminaries, the Chairman ourdially welcomed within ihe bounds of the district the following ministers, sitting for the first time in this synod, viz. Revi J \V Powson, A 8 Swift, and G Thompson j also Rev G O Cooks, who hail returned improved in health to his circuit work after a few months' absence in .England, and then delivered the following inaugural address s— " My Dear Brethren,—It seems a very Bhort time Binco we assembled in our first District Synod in Parramatta; nnd now through tbo kind invitation of tho eeod friends of Penrith, we aro met together ,to hold our Annual District Assembly in this Hothodistieally historic town, If our hosts appreciate tho honour of this important visit (as they appear to •do), they may bo sure that we in roturn entertain a lively BC'80 of their' kindness in. assuming this 'responsibility, nnd in making suoh admirable arrangements for'our personal comfort and for tho duo discharge of the business that has brought us togothor. It is not usually oxpeoted of tho Chairman that ho shall deliver an address on the opening' of the District Synod, but I will ask your indulgence whilo I present, a few thoughts that aro Eertinont to this occasion, and may bo helpful to us oth in tho sessions of this ajnod and in our work generally. The tondenoy in England at the prosont time' is deoidedly in the direotion of invosting tho District Synods with an increasing measure of importance. To their functions as administrative bodios and as courts of review, there is boing added tho highly desirable seizing of an opportunity for brotliorly consultation and free di»out<sion of . r!t,«rnh life and work. As man the that of nis mouu, — — undoubtedly pleasant fraternal fellowship that is a featuro of our country synods espeoially wo can add the froo and stimulating interchange of thought on matters pertaining to the progress of the Gospel generally, and to our own share in that work particularly, the advantago will bo mutual and pormanont. I cannot refrain, on this interesting ocoasion, from referring to tho fact that it was within tho bounds of tho circuit we are now assembled in that tho first Wesloyan Church in the Southoni Hemisphere was erooted. Castloreagh, as a locality, will over have an undying intorest for Australian Mothodists, and John Loos as the pioneer ohuroh-builder of these southern lands will always bo honoured wherover those who love our Church aro assembled together. In the diary of tho Bov Samuel Leigh, we find the following interesting entry with regard to the opening of the pioneer Churoh and its patriotic donor. ' On tho 7th October, 1817, I openod a chapel at Castloreagh, built and given to the mission by Mr John Lees. Whilo I stood and looked at tho peoplo coming in carts, from various quarters und remote distancos, I was reminded of tho soriptural figure of ."doves flying to thoir windows" and of the Aniorioan camp moetings. The place was soon filled with nttontivo hearers, I addressed them from "The Lord hath done great things for. us whereof we are glad." A/tor tho public servico in the evening, tho peoplo were unwilling to leavo the plaoo, so we held a prayer-meeting; and truly Jacobs'a God was with us.' Mr Loiglrs biographer goes on to say: 'At the oloso of those services, John Loos said : * I have not yet dono my duty; having made some provision for (ho worship of God I must now contribute something towards supplying the building with tho ministry of God's word. I cannot, at present, give money, but I will give one aore of my host land. I will plough it, sow it, reap it. thresh it and soli tho produce, and you shall have whatover it brings, without any deduction, Tho missionary took one end of Gunter's ohain, and the farmer the othor, and thoy measured off tho devoted aore. After devoting tho produce of this aoro for sevoral renra to tho mission he observed, ' It was a fortunate thing for me that I gave you that aore of land, for since that timo my noigbours have all observed that my wheat has grown thicker and stronger than theirs.' Further reflection on this hiHtorioal incident need not here be indulged in, save to say that happy it would be for tho Church and for the farming, community as well, if in this agricultural district the Godly example of John LeeB in thus setting apart a part of bis best land as literally a God's acre were more generally adopted. So far as this district is concerned, we have not Buffered during the year in tho death or disablement of any of our ministerial staff. But wo hava been deeply impressed with tho unexpected and untimely thinning of tho ranks in othor districts in the passing away of the Rev A J Wobb and tho Rev C W Graham. These brethen were comparatively young, full of vigor and promise; cnthusiastio in their work, and beloved of tho peoplo. Now thoy rest from their labours, and their works do follow thorn. We Bympathiso deeply with thoir sorrowing relatives; and pledge oursolvos anow to the servioo of Him who only hath immortality, and who has, committed to us a dispensation of His Holy Gospel.' In roviewing the poriod sinco tho last conference, and from tho standpoint wo peculiarly occupy, the most outstanding feature is probably the sucoossful inauguration of tho Century Commemoration Fund. • Into tho spiritual and" financial purposes of this groat commemoration, ministers and people have entered with ' commondablo enthusiasm and generosity. Tho occasion is one that should kindle ' imagination, provoke gratitude, and oxcite liberality. It rominds us of tbo struggles and succesHos of the post; it bids us look with Christian oyos upon the conditions and responsibilities of the prosont; and it opons out to us tho vista of tho faturo, and challenges u» to bo ready to occupy that future for Christ and tho highest interests of the Common wealth. Methodism the world over is a unity. Thoro is a solidarity and spiritual fellowship within its borders that makes its movements in any one part of the world an obieot of intorest in every other part where Mothodism exists. This Contury Commemoration movement is at onco a result and' proof of this.- It is a matter for more than denominational thankfulness that tho appeal this fund makes is being bo nobly responded to throughout universal Methodism. Christian enthu itaam and consecrated generosity are not Inst arts ; and there is no doubt that tho success of this move ment will mark the beginning of a new and nobler tra in the evolution of modern Christianity, But it is to bo feared that even yet we are far in the rear of some of the sp!endid outbursts of liberality that have characterised the church in the days gone by. We think of tho woDderfut response to the appeal of Moses on tho part of the Israelites in the wilderness, when in gold, silver, brass, and in tho furnishing of the Tabernacle, there was contributed an offering estimated nt a million sterling in value. We think, too, of Diwid, who in his trouble (or out of his poverty) prepared with nil bis might for the house of hi* God tho gold for things to be made of gold, and tho silver for things of Bilver, and the brass for things of t>nu>B. tho iron for things of iron, and wood tor things of wood ; onyx stones and atntiM tr> hn set. olistoning stones and of dlven colors, and all manner of precious stones, and marble stones In abundance. We are told that in England the great success of theTwenieth Century Fond is deepening the connexional lite of our churches, promoting brotherly unity, and creating a spirit of hope and courage beyond anything ever botoro known in the Old Country, This 1b good hearing, and we trust the same results will accrue 'rom our more modest Century Oom memoration Fund in New South Wales. Looking out upon tho state. <jji our church in this land generally, wo are safe in asserting that one of the needs of the preBnnt time—one of our greatest needs—is a more earnest and intelligent conception of the duties and responsibilities of church life. We cannot for a moment allow the olaims o£ Romanism and High Anglicanism to an exclusive possession of apostolic succession. But wa are in danger of oversighting tho fact that if our church <b related to tho church of our Lord <Jesua—as wo aro blessedly sure it 1b—then it is related to that church for all that is involved in it of duty, respon sibility, and spiritual separatism, and power. Our pastors aro to feed the flock of God rour stewards, deacons, and oldera are to be men of good repute, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith j and onr mem bers are to bo a people for the Lord b possession, zealous of good works. How chary some of our bi;st people are of taking npon them the respoDBi blli'ies of church membership j how lightly tho duii>8 of that po-ition sit up-n many who have assumed them j and bow deficient the general con caption with regard to tho high and imperious mis sion of tho churoh of tho living God. of which chnroh we are members, and of which Ohurch M«'thndinm is an integral part. Brethren, let us r 'L'ard it as a duty of present-day urgency to preach UD tha church of Christ. We have perhaps not given that great theme its proper plsca in our praiseworthy endeavors to secure individual conver sion". The church is the body of Christ: the body through which Ho acts, tho organism that executes Hi< divine and victorious purposes in the world. In the unity, compactness and spirituality of the church it the tangible guarantee of the presenoo of Christ In the world and the Buro token of the subjugation of the world to Him. To the up-building of the ohurch as such let our attention lie more fully given. Not as a human society : not simply a* an excellent form of religious organisation j above all, not as a g"ing concern from a financial point of view. But as the church which Christ has called into existence, which He continues to permeate with His own Spin'} and to which His faithful Promiso specially holds true, ' Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end nf the world.' In the" realisation of that troth let us address ourselves to our work in this Synod. •Nothing will then teem to be formal or unimport ant. Questions of larger import, nuch as those relating to social reform or national progress will be illumined to our minds as part of the ways of Him whose right it is everywhere to reign. These larger conceptions will create a nobior sense of duty, and will prompt to more direct efforts to promote the bringing back of the King. But of ourselves, as we hav* been taught, we can do nothing. Therefore, feeling how large the issues committed to the church of to-day ; feeling how great is bur Bhare of responsibility j and feeling also, that it is not by might, or by power, but by My Scirit, anith the Lord ; let us unitedly seek in *11 our sessions the guiding and sanctifying gra o of tho Holy Ghost, that all that we do at thU time may be for the glory of God and the advancement of the best interests of His church .and Kingdom. The Rev E King tendered thanks to the chairman for timely and able addresB, and moved that it ba handed to the press for publication. This was seconded by Rev A fl Swift and agreed to. Key E King, as minister of the Penrith Circuit, cordially welcomed the members of synolon hold ir>g the first synod in Penrith. R.-v W H Beale responded on behalf of and at the request of the mee'ing. Rev G O Cooks wa< e'ected secretary and Rev w Luomb appoluted autatant secretary. Rev W H Beale accepted the duties f property secretary. Rev J Hopkins had charge of the general returns and the Rev G Thompson consented to prepare the Sunday school schedules. Rer A 8 Swift was appointed corresponding secre tary of the synod, and the Rwv E King undertook the task of reporting the proceedings to the press. Hours of aes-ion wore fixed and tho roll of mem bera calle', the following members being present, in addition to the chairman Revs W H Bea e. J W Dowson, H Woodhouse, J Hopkins, A " Bwift, t> Thompson, E King, G Cocks, J Tarn, and W Lucas. A special dispensation on the ground of illness was granted Rev H Allen. . The persoual character, minHterial faithfulness, and efficiency of each minister was enquired into and satisfactory answerB elicited, The Rev W H Beale having at the request of the chairman, offi cially paid a visit to the Homo MU«on Station at Gosford, reported very favorably of the competency of our agent there and the satisfactory character of hit work. ' .... . . In tho course of the routine business transacted, th« following facts affecting the appoint'nepts of next year to circuits w>*re noted. The chairman, Revs W H Beale. G O Cocks, and W Lures will have completed the usnal term of three years at the ensuing conference, and are due for appointment to other circuits The other ministers of the dis trict reported having accepted invitations to con tinue in their present circuits subject to conference approval. Invitations had been given by the fol lowing cireuits to the ministers named to succeed those on the eve of removingParramatta, Rev P C Boyes ; Ryde, Rev F Colwell; Homebush, Rev G C Percival. On the motion of the Rev E King, tho following resolution was passed :—'The Rav W Lucas having brought under the notice of the B»nod the matter of his appointment to single men's cirouits for snch a number of years, this synod resolves to refer the special consideration of bis case as a minister of 17 veara' standing to the stationing committee and conference, with a view to his being.appointed next year to a married preacher's circuit.' death. The Rev W H Beale moved the following motion touching the death of the late Rev R MoMichael. * The Rev T R MoMichael having died between the date of last Distriot Synod and the Conference bis obituary has already been inserted In the minutes of Conference. This meetimg devoutly recog nbes that Grace of God whioh was illustrated in the patience and peace which marked Bro. Mc Michael's experience during his protracted and painful illness, and in the joy and triumph of his death We desire to plaoo on record our cordial tribute to the worth of his personal character and to the fidelity and fruitfulness of his ministry and our deep reuret at his too early removal from our midst. That a copy of this resolution be forwarded to Mrs MoMichael.' PASTORAL EITiaiENOr, At the request of the chairman, the Bev W H I Beale read the pastoral resolutions, and a con versation of a practical charaoter ensued on the same. The chairman, Revs A flwift, E King, and J Tarn, among other questions, spoke on the need i f special attention to the young, particularly their I regular religious instruction in the public sohools by ministers or acoredited agents ; and the following motion, on the proposition of Bar Q O Hocks, was adopted:—' The * pastoral resolutions having been read, and a general discussion onsuing, we pledge oaraelveb to a more earneBt oonsecmtion to God ond a greater diiigRnce in oar pastoral work, especially by way of inflaenoing the young people of onr cburch in the direotion of the kingdom of God,' The session closed with the usual devotions. 