In the Bar Parlor. 'Why does our Sunday Man look so serious to night ?" asked the Philosopher. ' Has a new prophet arisen to shock society with un- gaitered legs and to point out a new road to heaven whereon a shovel hat and monkey share is not the only passport?" 'Nothing so alarming, my friend, nothing eo alarming,' said the Sunday Man. 'If perchance I seem to be in eerious mood 'tis bat because 'tis seemly so to seem. Know ye not that tbe chief spiritual adviter of this great aud glorious country has delivered his yearly message, and that it is meet that good citizens should tarn from tem poral to spiritual cogitations as a sign of the reverence that is in them P When prophets speak their words of dire import 'twere better to have done with play and sport and pull an elongated lip in plaoe of jesting.' ' True, true,' agreed tbe Gloomy Man, ' always provided ? ' 'Provided what p That it pays P' queried the Cynic. 'Not so; provided that the Bishop's message is worth believ ing.' 'And isn't it P' asked tbe Sun day Man. 'That depends entirely upon each individual man's estimate of value. . To be sure the worthy old buffer draws some very fine distinc tions between tweedledum and tweedledee in relation to forms of worship. He declares that the Gburchon sacerdotal points is just right, that tbe Apocalyptic Vision is still the name of her bicycle lamp, and' that Mr. Gladstone's approval covereth a multitude of shins. To be sure tbe dear old shepherd (at how many pounds a year and his tucker P) gets a wee bit at variance with himself at times, but that is oratorical license, perhaps. Frin stanoe, let us quote a couple of Blabs : Iftheorieie to-day were in the direotion of araoeticiem would tbe secular papers publish correspondence u savage and bitter as they have done daring the last twelve months. And having thus proved that ther© IB no such thing ai agnosticism in this great wobbly world of disbe lief, the good man goes on to say that it is — Our real danger, — I earnestly desire, however, to save yon from missing tbe most teal and eerioue dangers which threaten the Church's life. It is the gradual dying oat of definite belief! Which strikes me as a bit inconsis tent—even for a Bishop. Webster defines agnosticism as ' the doctrine that the existence of a personal Deity can be neither asserted nor deemed, proved nor disproved, be cause of the limits of tbe human mind, or of the insufficiency of evi dence.' An agnostic is one who doesn't believe because bo doeBn't hww. And as the bishops tell us in ono breath there is no such dis belief, and in the nest that this dis belief constitutes the Church's real danger, it seems tbat if a man wants to hww anything he should not ask a Bishop.' 'On Becond thoughts,' said tbe Snnday Man, ' I am inclined to the belief that I have attached too much importance to the Bishop's pronouncement. After all, it does not seem to be a-bristling with in spiration. But I have an excuse.' '' Name it !' demanded the Philo Bopher. 'I neither heurd nor read the address,' replied the Sunday Man. ? * # ' I notice,' paid tbe Worm, 'that tbe Bishop blames the dying out of definite belief to the influence of a growing sense of oomfort in life, owing in part to extended oivilisa tion and consequent growth in cheap luxuries; in part to the tremendous advance in physical knowledge wtaioh has tempo rarily overshadowed the spiritual needs in man. What does that mean ? Does it mean that if tbe comforts of life were ^fewer Christians would be more numerous P' ' Of conrse,' said the Dogmatist, ' that's what the words mean if they mean anything. To put it in another way: If the sleek and well fed clergymen had no warm for holes, and the bishops and other birds ,of pray had no comfortable nests, the Son of Man would be preached in the highways and bye waye, the rich would sell all their jewellery and horses and houses and vacant blocks and give the proceeds to the poor ; and agnosticism would be wiped ont in one round. I am not sure, though, that the Bishop meant it that way, though he cer tainly did refuse to take a pension of £200 a year.' ' I see,' said the Worm, ' there can be no true religion without dis comfort and poverty.' ' So tbe Bishop says ; but there be some who say tbe good old man has tried neither, consequently isn't a reliable authority,' observed the Oracle. ' Bat just look at the concluding part of the paragraph,' said Jim the Luney. ' From that I gather that ' the tremendous advance in knowledge' in a prolific source of unbelief. Am I right ? ' ' Yes,' said the Cynic. ' And that merely accentuates what tho Oracle told us last week — that tbe most superstitious are those who have the least knowledge.' 'Then would tbe Bishop keep men iguorant in order tbat they may more readily accept the sopo rifics of their spiritual pastors and masters P' asked the Worm. ' ' I am not ordained to preach,' replied tbe Philosopher. ' So you'd better ask the Bishop yourself.' ? ? ? 'Here's another chunk of the Montgomery wail,' said the Snub Editor :— Men cease to worship and to be communi cants, and will not faoe definite Christian truth. They send their women and chil dren to cbnrob. The danger lies in the fact that they are. losing the greatest force in the world, and many of them know it, and do not like it. The Umpire, as well as the Church, will not thank them one day. Great Geewhill:kins ! If we can't believe what churchianity tells us the Empire will be very much annoyed with us, and won't speak to us any more ! The Empire ! Good old Empire; founded on slaughter and professing faith in One who said ' Do unto others '! Omdnnuan and ' Thou sba.lt not kill.' The Empire which floats the Flag of Freedom and fitted out the Alabama to blow holes in those who would abolish slavery. As Private Joe Ruttor remarked last week: 'Glory to God and the Dum-Duoi bullet.' Trust tbe Saviour aud fire low and lay 'em out. The Empire will not thank us for our disbelief one of these fiuo days! It strikes me that Maxim's cannons and canons' maxims don't go well together, yet if we don't swallow both bolus-bolus the Empire will be very angry with us. In the words of Dominie (Samp son : ' Prodigious !' ' ? m * *V. ' I don't profess to know mwch about theology,' said the Barmaid, ' but, tbe gathering of tbe birds of pray in Hobart this week made me very sad.' ' No need for alarm, sorely,' said the Poet. No girl should be afraid of parson*. Just imagine any lady being afraid of, say, P.irsou Wboll nongb. Why, it is unthinkable, as numerous Peninenla people can tes tify.' 'It isn't tbat,' said the Barmaid. ' I felt sad brcuuse of the fact, that the assembled swarm of blaok coated gentry couldn't boast a real I v handsome man amongst them. Of course baudsome is as handsome does, but I'm a good girl and expect to go to heaven when I die. And I don't feel quite as joyfnl as I might at the prospect of harping and singing iu the same choir as such an ornery crew. It almost makes me wish to go to the other place.' ' I'm afraid you would only be jumping out of the frying pan into the fire,' said the Government House Man. 'Ton can't dodge 'em, wherever yon go ' ' The Bishop at least has decent legs and a healthy smile,*' mused tbe Barmaid, ' I'd like to meet him of course. Whither shall I book P ' ' Couldn't advise you, ray dear,' replied tbe Government House Man. ' But according to Scripture there are as many camels in heaven as rich men.' 'That's enough. I detest camels,' said the Barmaid. 'Soda I,' said the Punster. 'They always give me the hump.' ' As we're on things churchy,' said the Snob Editor, ' perhaps Eev. W. W. Smith's American translation of tbe New Testament into broad or Lowland Scotch may interest the company. The Parable of the Sower, Matt. 13, is thus given : 8\. And He spak many things till them in parables; and quo' He: Tak tent; the sawer gaed oot to saw. 4\. And in bis sawin1 a noiffu' was mis cineten on the fit-road, and eaten up wi' the birdies. 6\. Some fell on the stanerie bib, whmr theyird was jimp; and it braidit bonny, for the roool was thin. 6\. And whan tbe sun raise neigh, it brist'l up ; and, for that it had nae rate, it dwined awa*. 'The Eev. W. Henson in his ' Notes and Inferences ' says : ' Scarcely anybody reads the New Testament,' remarked the Pub lisher, ' If I were not afraid of offending my rich Scotch uncle I would offer to bet that the new translation winna increase the num ber of readers ower muckle.' * ? ? 'Another bicycle arrest,' an nounced tbe Boy. ' A woman in it ?' queried the Landlord. ' How could a woman ? Oh, I see what you mean. No, there is no woman in this story.' ' Wine, then P' queried the Poet. ' You've hit it. He was a gay and festive enss, and late at nigbt went into a pub to see a man about a dog. His faithful bike was allowed to rest its weary frame against tbe verandah post, where it chewed the end of patience for an hour while waiting its muster's re turn. Time passed, the rain rained, and the frost frosted, and when at last the pub door closed and shut in tho merry sounds of revelry the poor bike's great windy heart broke and the front tyre collapsed with a mournful sigh. Still it stayed on like a weeping wife wait ing, more in sorrow than in auger, for her erring boozer. Bat the gay and festive cuss came not. Tbe poor patient bike said never a naughty word, nor did it even whiuny or attempt to break its bridle and bolt home to the stable. (Mem. — A horse knows more than a bike.) It tried to keep its nose warm at its own email lamp, but as the midnight hour drew nigh that diminutive though cheery datue flickered, spluttered, and finally failed. Filled with an inexpressible sense of loneliness at being left so completely iu the dark, the poor bike sighed mournfully again, and tbe back tyre col'apsed. Still tbe erring boozer came not; neither by tbe front door, nor the side door, nor by the window. A policeman tramped past and eaid something in Irish, but the bike waB too cold to answer. The policeman stood regarding it with hie finger to his nose for several minutes. Did you ever watch a policeman's intelli gence workiug P It is a slow find stately piece of machinery. But how does it get there ! By e aay stages this policeman's intplliueuce summed up tbe case. (1) There wiis a bike. (2) It didn't come Ih. lv alone nnd uunssisled. (3) Somibody came with it ; probably a man. (4) Where was that man P (5) As no bikiBt would wulk where he mi -'lit ride, the man could not b» very far off. (6) No bikist wonld stand where he could sit down. (7) No bikint would go thirsty if lie could get anything to drink. (8) The place where one might pur chase seat and drink was but ten feet away. (10) Bike, man, pub, drink, unlawful, scare the publican, please the sergeant, soore a drink. The poHoemou's mind was made up in abont half-an-hour. Proceeding to the corner he intercepted a com rado, wbo was fignre-eightively and meditatively wondering bow a hot whiskey would affect his cold toes. A whispered colloquy, then a stately march buck to tbe bike. Listen ! There are sounds of mirth aud music isfiuiug from the keyhole of i be hostelry. ' We must restore the man his bike,' said one police man. ' We must,' agreed the other. With that they each took a handle of tbe shivering steed in their big brown bands and essayed to lead it round to the side door. ' Let's tbry to ride it,' said ono. ' Bight ; you have first go; I'll hould the divil.' So the biggest policeman mounted and Bet ber going. It was down hill. ' She do be bumpin a hape,' said the rider. 'Is there anything wrong wid it I wondher. Have a Ink ib she punctured.' Tbe other bobby felt the tires. ' No,' slid he,' she's right as rain. Tbe wheels is quite soft. Let ber go.' With that be gave the bike a push, and away it rnshed down the right o' way, with the big police man astride of it and straggling like a wrestler to keep the jigger straight. He hadn't time to fall off, for the bike was so frightened that it bolted at a great pace, aud brought up with a mighty bang against the side door of tbe pub. When the other policeman arrived on the scene there was a tangled heap of creaking bike and swearing police- man struggling on the doorstep, while inside the premises there was a hurried shuffle of feet and the creaking of a door at the busk. The uninjured policeman removed the debris and clapped his ear to the keyhole. And this is what he beard : ' I shay, ole f'ler, I'm sbik, I am. 'N I want cher to ride my lamp 'ome cos I'm too shik (hie) see P 'Nyer can carry my jigger home 'nyer pocket V put it to bed with toe youngsters (hie) see P Whasbay ? P'leece ! Never mind p'ieece ! Never mind p'leece, they wonV touch me. They know me (hie), see ?' Then there was b shuffle and a smothered growl as the voice ceased. Both policemen cegitated. By the time they had reasoned tho thing out the birds had flown over the back fence. They rapped, and the landlord put his nightcap ont of an np-stnir window and demanded to know what was up. The policeman ex plained that they wanted to give a man a bike. ' No meu here,' eaid the publican, ' all hands left before 11.30. Good night.' So two dis appointed and thirsty policemen sadly wheeled a dilapidated bike to tbe watch house and locked it np on a charge of insulting behavior and ' tarin' me uniform.' ' 'Did Shoog — I mean, did the owner get the bike again P' asked the Worm. 'I suppose he will get it,' re plied the Boy. ' But I understand tbe police are going to take pro ceedings against him under the cotkscrwe act for allowing cat tle to stray in the Btreete.' 'How folks do misunderstand each other,' commented tbe Bar maid. 'All this trouble might have been saved but for tho absurd attempt to enforce the letter of the Licensing Act. What harm was tbe poor bike doing in the street, anyway P' ' I hear tbe policemen kicked the machine all the way to tho lock-up for not being good enough to earn them a drink,' said the Worm. ? ? ? 'Two Sonth Franklin gents had an adventure the other day,' said the Canvasser, ' and as adventures are a bit scarce down that way, the district feels as though an earth quake had struck it below the belt.' 'Another ghost t' queried the Boy. ' Did they dare to look over the Cbief Magistrate's fence and draw upon them the wrath of the owner thereof P' asked the Insignificant Man. ' Nothing ro fearful as tbat. There was a flower show on, and the young bloods visited a bold and invited two of tbe lady helps to accompany them to tho show. The girls wanted tbe outing and honored young Dandyman and Rory 0'More accordingly. All went well until the party got into (he hall of flowers. Then Rory's heart dropped down into bis boots, for there, right ahead of them, were his big sisters, who had come to the , show unexpectedly. It would never do to be seen there in such company, so the gallant Rory left his fair charmer in the middle of the hall nnd incontinently bolted ont the door and down the road. Dandyman also did a sneak away out of si|-ht, and dropped out. of the story. Rory sped along the road like an affrightened kangaroo, until hailed by a young fellow whom he met on tbe way. To him Rory breathlessly explained the trouble, and stated that since bis paternal relative had adopted a Sinta Claus bi'I! topper and a band-me-down coat, be would not hear of any of the family conserliog with mere public-house girls, no matter how beautiful and stylish they may be. 'If Mag or Ktita saw me,' moaned Rory, ' I'm done for. And I sup pose the girl I left standing in the ball among strangers won't speak to me any more either. What am I to do ? You'll help me, won't yon P' The young friend was fnll of sympathy for the poor chap in a difficulty, and offered to return to the fl-wer show with Rory, get an introduction to the indignant young lady and see her home, thus leaving the bashful boy free. Ittookbalfnn honr to persuade Rory to again face the music, but eventually he con sented, and tbe trouble was patched up. But after the introduction, when the friend suggested to tbe lady that he might be permitted to sne her home, and the noor eirl turned with rage in her eyes to ask Rory for an explanation of his con duct, that intrepid young hero ag'-tin bolted. The lady and her new acquaintance had to lau^h ; then they went homo together and became very good friends indeed.' 'What became of the bashful Rory P' asked the Barmaid. J ' He seems to bave takcnM to drink, for he was seen at midjjftht flying out of a window, wan a broom after him and a mdy^s for boa round his neck. Whether his dad whacked him when he got home history sayetb not, but a very meek and mild young man uow moons abont the farm crying a song to himself: I wanted to show a Franklin belle What a mighty mash I could do With tho beautiful bouncing barmaid gell; Hat Bisters they are nn awful Bell, And woe is mo I In tho Etew I fell, And now I bitterly rue. Etc., etc., etc. * # * ' Primitive Bellerive again,' said the Business Mhu. ' A cor respondent sends a few chips : — Tow n Board election, Hon. Henry voted to chair. Now comes the annual tendering. The roadman's brother-in-law wasn't elected. How will the roadman fare ? Will Happy Tom provide ? Are outside tenderers to be made sneeze if suc cessful with a contract ? What price the O'Mayor giving tlio road man notice ' on his own 'P Amuse ments in heaps lately. Eucamp meut, vice royalty, fancy dress ball ; white shirts ; black coats ; muddy boots ; everybody invited ; no jam ; fashionable wedding, bridegroom three times a widower, and the bride sweet (missing word) and never kissed. Glory Halleln jah ; we slumber not nor sleep, though wo do dream a lot.' ' What's it all about ?' asked the Snub Editor. ' I dunno ; belter take a day off and find out,' replied the Business Man. ' All I know is that Kanga roo Point is happy, prim and primi tive, and the centre of the ad miring universe.' ? # ? ' So the chaps who left the gaol are both back again,' remarked the Government Housa Man. ' Yes,' said the Landlord. ' And their capture reflect* £reat credit on the police, as usual.' ' Rats !' exclaimed the Police Court Reporter. ' One was starv ing ; the other was tipsy.' ' But fancy Williams knocking about town all the time !' said the Barmaid. ' It is almost incredible. I cannot believe that he actually spoke to tiio police officers and had sundry drinks with them unbe knownst.' ' I can explain,' said Policeman X. ' We knew his whereabouts all the time, and could have arrested him at any moment. But we wanted to cat ch his accomplices if possible, so simply sbopherded him. If he hadn't attempted to go right away he would not have been ar rested yet.' ' Kindly stand under the light,' requested the Barmaid. ' What for, pray ?' asked Police man X. ' Just to let us see whether you are blushing or not.' ' Will yon kiss the Book on that ovidencT?'1 queried the Polioe Court Reporter. 'It it's all tbe same to you,' said Policeman X, 'I'd prefer to kiss the Barmaid.' 'Really,' said the Barmaid, ' the unblushing effrontery of Hobart policeman passeth all understanding. They are blind, yet swear tboy can see. They profess to love cooks yet want to kiss bar maids. It's shocking.' 'It's tho eame at Lovett,' re marked the Suburban Correspon dent. ' A poor family down t'Jera the other week had the family safe robbed, nnd the tennis-p'aying policeman says he has a clue to the perpetrators, but is waiting to trap their accomplices.' ' Another evidence of police in telligence,' triumphantly exclaimed Policomau X, as he proceeded on his beat. ? # # 'The long expected has hap pened at last,' said the Gloomy Man. ' One of those animated rabbit hutches that run backwards and forwards in our streets and shake the city to its very founda tion, left the rails tbe other day and went over on its side, wallop.' ' Luckily tbere were no passen gers, or the Tramway Co. wonld base had to foot a bill for damages longer than anybody can remember,' said tbo Snub Editor. ' And by some strange interposition of Provi dence the driver and conductor escaped with their lives.' 'One almost regrets that half a dozen aldermen were not aboard at the lime,' paid the Scientific Man. ' Then perhaps f.be company would be compelled to take some of the kiuks out of thoir worn-out rails and adze some of tbe lumps off them.' 'I don't think the state of the line is wholly blamcable for the accident,' said Jim the Luney. ' Several parsons bave been riding on that line a lot lately — there lives a daughter of tbe Church up near the boundary, aud her pantry is conducive. Ami perhaps it was intended by Providence that the traTi-car should %ive those parsons a warning by turning turtle aad so sciring them from the fleshpots of Egypt.' ' Don't think much of that theory,' said the Scientific Man. ' Providence never tries to save those who are not worlb saving. My idea is tbat the cjr ran off be cause it couldn't help it. You see, it was ou the brewery line, and the fumes from tbe malt bouse may bave nffected its top story. Why, I've even 6eeu rarn stagger when coming from that direction!' ' Come to tbink of it,' eaid the Landlord, ' there is a tendency for the trams on tbat iiao to behave in an eccentric manner. For instance, when a certain stoat individual sud denly left off visiting a very dear ftiend up tbat street the blessed old car for months afterwards used to stop of its own accord right oppo site the charmers villa. Aho, it wouldn't gee np again uutil the driver or conductor jumped down on to tho street as a ma.! tor of pre tence. Then the car would proceed as if sa'isfied it had done its whole duty, just for all (he world like a cunning old jib of a horse who has to be managed with guile.' '' Lat me see,' mused tho Worm ' What's tbat game we used to play ? Something about Simon, isn't it? Simon says ? ' ' Thumbs up P' queried tho Bar maid. Then the Landlord changed the subject, 