WHARF LABOURERS' UNION. Inaugural Celebration. Speech by the Premier. ; . The resuscitation of the Wharf Labourers' Union was celebrated labt night by tin enthu siastic "gathering, iri - the . Federation l-Iall. Church Hill, which, was presided over by . Mr. Henry " Mason, president , of- ta c- union. Amongst ... .. tnose on tne. platform were Archdeacon' L'angley, Reiv Father .Aubrey, the Premier ' (Mr. W. J.' Lyne), the Minister for Vvvbrks "(Mr. E.-W. 0 Sullivan), ami Messrs. .Watson, Meagher, A. Chapman, Macdqnald, Spruson, E. M. .'Clark, Sinltll,; Law, and Dacey, M.'sL.A". .. ; After .'the chairman had .opened, proceedings, Mr. W. M. Hughes, M.L.A., who Is 'secretary of the uiilon, and has been mainly" responsible .for , its resuscitation, explained that though thi'ee months ago the union was not in. exist- once— riot even the .ghost of It— they, lrad now 1540 members on tlie books, arid it credit bal ance of over £200 iri the bank. (Cheers.) And tills had been done entirely by voluntary ef fort. Its object was to enable the wharf la bourers to maintain thel.r dignity, ancl their rights, and not 'to harass, or In any way af fect those more or', loss cordial relations that existed between tlie wharf labourers and those who, employed them. He was sure the employers, having had a taste of non-union labour, ivould see that the cream of the work ers .Were those conriected with' the union. Ho counselled them td; agitate ah'd.do what they could politically to urge upon the Government tlie' necessity of brlng!ngju;a bill to 'remedy the almost criminal state, p6 the Employers' Liability Act at the present Uime. ' : THE MINISTER FOR "WORKS. . ; Mr. O'Sulllvan, who \vas: next called on, ivas " given' a very cordial reception. Ho comriienced: "If sqme old British sailor wore sitting on the beach at Portsmouth, and saw Nelson's old ship, the /Victory, rigged with new sails ancl with a new captain, and a new. crew, lie woukl-not feel greater pride than do 1 to-night' do see the Wharf Labourers' Union re-rlgged and rermanned.:' (Cheers.) He felt- this pride, he went on to say, for the rea son that 17 years ago,", after they had passed through a long and disastrous strike, he had hud the honour of -forming the union, with a start of 14 members. This small number was, however, through the means of a picnic — which made a brave show marching down George-street, with banners Hying and alle gorical figures of Captain Cook, Froblsher, and every other mariner 'tliey could think of —Increased In a very short time -to 2000, and the union had £4000 soon to Its credit In the bank. That union had been able to do a great amount of good, though it Jiad later fallen upon evil dayg, ar.tl lie ventured this statement, challenging anyone to contradict him, that trades unionism had done more for the masses ot humanity during the last SO ye-ara than all the teaching of philosophers or the experiments of statesmen. At this stage nn Interruption took place, -owing to the arrival of: the Premier, who was received with tumultuous cheers. .- Mr. O'Sulllvan repeated that, through the medium of trades unionism, the toilers and mollers of Great Britain liad lifted themselves in-ni a state of senil-serfdom lo the slate of men who trod the sell with the jjla.slln ctop of freedom. He went on io'say that. Aus tralasia led the world .n labour matters now. and advised the union to work liand-Iri-liand with- the capitalists- In order that good might result to all classes of the community in this city, ivhich was destined to be the London of .the Southern .'Hemisphere. (Cheers.) THE PREMIER'S SPEECH. Mr. Lyne's rising was the signal for an other outburst of cheering.. He congratulated the .union upon : Its resuscitation under such favourable auspices, and went on to congratu late Mr. O'Sulllvan on tlie fact that, having risen from the ranks to the position ho non filled,, he had not, as many had tinder like circumstances,' forgotten those ivho. gave him the lift up. (Cheers;) .While he agreed with Mr. O'Sulllvan in most things, however, he had to.be careful that he (Mr.; O'Sulllvan)- did not ovei'-run the constable in the matter of spending. (Laughter.) He. being the Treasurer; had to" keep a pretty strong hold on -the money, or Mr. O'Sulllvan would not only give 7s per day -arid union, rate's, but if he had Ills own way would double it. "(Cheers and laughter.) He did this, however, because of the . human '-nature- that , was in him. ancl from his hard experience, of the past. (Hear, hear.) However generous he would like lo be lie (Mr. Lyne) could not let him go too far,, but he ivas sure Mr. ! O'Sulllvan had \ earned the gratitude of the bulk of the labouring classes during the short, time he had been at the head of the Works Depart ment. (Hear, hear.) -The-Premler went on to :say lie thought he could claim sojne credit for carrying out . legislation which a few months, ago . he was satisfied n large section . of the community thought, was almost Im possible to consummate In so short a time. (Hear, hear.) He referred more particularly to two measures which had passed. When he ivas making his political attack upon the late Government lie iriade certain promises, and when he made promises lie . always did his best to perform them, though. he had always laboured under the- disadvantage of being subjected to constant misrepresentation by a certain section. He'promlsed he would pass If possible two- measures of urgent import ance, and be thought during the past session they had made a record, not only in the quan tity of ivorlc done, .but for. tlie importance of it. '. ' . . EAnLY CLOSING. Tliey had passed first of all the Early Closing Bill— (cheers) — which, he felt satisfied, even though some defects might . be found iri It, would- prove to be'of great'huiiian considera tion to a 'large and- to the weaker section of the . working community. , (Cheers.) . It came Into force next Monday, and next Mondu'y, would be "a red letter day amongst a'section of employees, who had/been- In the past .little hotter than white slaves. (Cheers.)- He Bln- cerely trusted that even if lie did not remain In office for very ninny months— (cries of "Oh, you'te all right," and cheers)— that what/die anticipated for that measure would be rea lised, and that those who had in the past worked unduly hard and for unduly- -long hours would enjoy some of the benefits of lei sure. (Cheers.)' This Act, lie believed, would bring 'amelioration to many who had been op. pressed, and it gave him intense satisfaction that he had lived long enough to be nble to pass it. (Hear, hear.) He, however, ivoulu like to pay a -tribute to the large majority ot Parliament-, that had supported him in pass ing it, ;and. t(>' the more than ordinary sup port . and Intelligence' accorded by Mi!-. H\ighcar-(cheer.s)— the result being that not only hritl the Assembly passed the measure almost riniiriiirioiiSly, but .theifeat ivas per- lormcd— ivliloli .many said would never he dune— of inducing' the Legislative Council' to pass It. (Cheers.). ..He paid a'trlbuti' to the good feeling, assistance, and support received l'l onr that body Iri passing what nil iwqtild; ad mit ivaB.a/yqry, 'democratic or progressive men-: sure. '(Applause.) THE NAVIGATION! BILL. The second 'piece1 ofi leglBlalipu' he desired to refer to ivasuthe. Navigation , Bill, .ivhleli . wus looked, iipoii by many an almost a forlorn hope. : -There had1 been maity: shoals /to get over. -iriaiiy rocks to. steer clear of in dealing with that measure hi the Legislative Council, wnerc '-very strong opposition had been liiaui- fested to the measure before lie took 11 in hand, and It ivas only after a conference With those ivho had the 'matter most at heart that tliey were enabled ito pass It through the Council In the form If was now. ivirlch' he believed wan acceptable to the greut bulk of those, most nearly interested. (Cheers'.) 1-Ie acknqiv- leftged the great asslstauee-ho had received In connection with this measure from Mr.. S. Smith.' (Hear, hear'.) If the /Government had no other acts to refer to, It jvould be ad- milted, they had done something, towards carrying out progressive and reasonable' .de mocratic legislation. (Cheers.) He used the word reasonable after duo consideration, be cause he would not do: anything lie did not re gard its 'reasonable, .and in the Interests of humanity,- and If he ivas asked to ilo anything lie thought would bo going beyond tliat singe they would find him us stubborn as most men. (Applause.) He understood, however, that tliey must keep pace with tlie times, apd they desired to pass legislation that was reasonable, and for the best Interests of trio community. (Cheers.) Iu conclusion, -Mr. Ls rie congratulated the union upon the, qn- ei-gv displayed by the promoters, and- coun selled them to display that reasonableness In tlieir demands that would compel the capital ists to acknowledge the Justice of them; arid so work together for the good of all. -He de-' clnred the union established, and the old banner, bearing the date 1882, was .unCurled amid eliecrs. A great number, of other speeches were made, after which cheers were given for Mr. Lvne and Ml'. O'Sulllvan. In acknowledging the compliment Mr., Lyne said, referring evidently to some remarks that had fallen from Mr. S. Smith. M.L.A.,, that some of. (he sneakers, seemed to Imagine a Government had to hp. driven. He honed they did riot -mistake, him. Ho would rather go out of Parliament than be driven. He could. retire with: respect to himself, and not be' driven. Any man who had been In poll-, tics as long as he had, and had watched the growth of political thought, must not close his eyes to the march, of time. If he did close his eves then he must expect to he dri ven. As Prime Minister of this colony It was his Intention to lead, and .not be' driven. IV hen it came to.a question of driving, some one else must receive the 'lash: his back' v.culd not. Ho felt certain that the action lie would take in the future would commend ilnelf lb the people generally, as Jt, would to himself. As to the Conciliation Bill, next session, ho would fulfil a promise to bring In that measure and others of n, progressive- character. (Cheers.') As to the Workmen's, Compensation Bill, he would Investigate the details of It thoroughly, and If he was satis fied that It. 'would do . good he iv.ould intro duce It. (Cheers.) ' 