PABISH REGISTERS. #'? ISTt-RY tends more aiid [,| |, more to ask, not what |U=*!-' kings and warriors did, £\ %j but how people of old wj | used to live their, daily '^fesS^MSdkisT---:-^ lives. Mr. Thiselton ^SgSSgiP'fflffOS^f Dyer, In 'Old English '^^Kl^l^^* Li£e-' Pushes his in .n!fr^§liP§li'^i quiry into Parish Reg M2£&/'i§^M^jb%JL ?tsters. These came in, / ^^^^mP practically, after the ^gLri&igPPlfip;'' fall of the monasteries, ^^t&ilnillM; e3i&, considering their, ^* .. -^fflP importance, they were ^—^Zg'rLj?*®' ' kept in the most ner. Great estates, large accumulations of pro perty, and the science of genealogy might turn, often did turn, on an entry in a parish, register. But the habits of our ancestora ?were incurably sporting. They seem to have enjoyed the **gjori ous 'uncertainty ' of. leaving registers about, uncared for, and subject to every kina of mis chief. This has been a happy tftifig for lawyers, and for -novelists, but, since 1S36, tiie'new pedan tic generations ihave deprived these industrious men. of their old opportunities. In a parish in Northampshire, a number of pages Of a parchment register was found tacked together in a covering 'for a bed. It is easy to see the use which a no velist would be delighted to make of this cir cumstance. The true heir, hurt in an encounter, would be tucked up under the register coverlet. Here he would discover, by an entry or a marriagfe, that he was the genuine Baronet, or Earl, or, at least, the Squire. Again, a curate's wife Used pages of the register for kettle-holders. Woman is habitually careless of antiquity; the number of documents (including the whole records of the Scots College in Paris) which ladies have burned is beyond computation. 'Dusty old things!' cries woman, and, like Betty Barnes the cook, burns unique Elizabethan plays, or the imprinted manus cript of Mr. Oarlyle's 'French Revolution.' Men are little better. A clerk of Ijambeth ran away with the parish register. In. 1776 some miscreants broke into Wroxham Church, and carried off the. register since 1732. Another clerk habitually used tne register for materials in his art or craft of tailor. A sporting parson, about 1835, used the parchment leaves for labels for parcels of game. The British Museum, that vast depository of du bious property, at one time bought a register for 1562-1692, while other purchasers have restored to various parishes the registers which they had bought, no man knowing how such things first come into market. In the Great Rebellion, regis ters were often left idle, new parsons being foisted on parishes, while, at Ixjughborough, 'there was ?no register kept, by reason of the 'alteration of religion, and often changing of 'priests,' .when, what with Henry YHL, Somerset, Mary Tudor, and Elizabeth, a -man never knew from day to day what the State religion was, or what it was going to be next. So, between burning dissenters of all sorts, and singeing geese with the parch ments, parish registers had a most uneasy time. Even laboring men, and not bold, bad baronets only, tried their hands at tampering with regis ters, as in the Angel case, where a cool million was at stake. The curate's wife with a passion for parchment . kettle-holders managed to perplex the Huntingdon peerage case. Miss Chudleigh, to serve her private- enae, «*-£ J»u£ *ne~ entry of her marriage to Til^itf*™*-'1*1- Hervey, but, ?when: he became Lord Bristol, sh« stuck it in again!- As marriages are how recorded elsewhere than in parish registers, it is no longer expedient for ad . venturers to tamper with these documents. In fact, the romantic age of parish registers is ended. They used to contain any sort of record that the parson wished to make, in Epglish or Latin, prose or verse. -Thus, at Everley, under Cromwell, a tinker iiad been- appointed to the (rectory. He was not John Banyan (a aitwt. eli gible tinker), but one William Eastman. On.fbe happy RestOBEtiontJ&bs; tinker -Was-evicted, ftadiw« register was adorned with the lines: Exit* Tinker. Let .all men, .henceforth- sboow, . A thorn was .planted where a, vine-shoald grow. An American humorist has described the- contest between a preacher and the choir of his church, 'wno 'were apt to flirt behind a curtain. The Choir, when the curtain1 was removed .by the min ister, 'started Jn singing,' and-eang till darkness closed on the scene. The same kind of thing Trent on In Hayes church from 1748 to 1754. 'The Clerk gave out the' hundredth Psalm, and the singers oppose&hinv-and;'Sang the Fifteenth, and bred a dUstarbance.' Oa anotner-occasion a man entered his pew -with a pipe and a tankard of beer, which Jib. continued to enjoy during the ser vice. A very sad entry records 4he execution of John Lowes, 'Vicar, 'in the time- of the Long Rs bellion,' for' witchcraCt. Tbe-case is -well known. The pious Richard Baxter speaks of the vicar -as 'tux old reading parson,' thai3s,.one -wtuo read; ser inona, or homilies. He was tortured into-isome kind of confession by Matth&w; Hopkins, under the reign of the Saittts, andr. was done to -death. But how the entry can toe -of 1596, as- Mir. TMsel ton Dyer declares, Is. a mystery. There -acre plenty of entries of execution fen- witchcraft. In 1649 the Newcastle people had to feSre a -witch-finder out of Scotland, 'vhen thaticlass of ? miscreant flou rished under the Covenanters. Bat changes-of faith made very little -difference -to the poor twit ches. James VI. was decidedly no Puritan. Yet he was as much in favor of -witch- burning as-Joha Knox, or any Covenanting presctoer. The 'high- flying,' or 'woW ministers deeply lamented, the abolition, of the crime of ?witehcraftiiy Actvof JPar liameHt, but no particular Jharm. seems 'to -have resulted. . Some Tm-uii&ixnr; used Bie registacs-as a record of psychical experiences, as of 'an-old dry table board of birch,' 'winch ran with blood^or, something like it, on Bartholomew's Day, 1646. But the mimsteruwns that he-did not himseli*view this prodigy. In 1706 Robert Withers, m a., re gistered a ghost story, in the manner, of Mrs. Veal's apparition, but then he did not himself see the ghost, that of Mir. Naylor, formerly Fellow, of St. John's College. The legend is not-.-even at second hand, so this was a manifest abxrse-Mrf pariah registers, for the goost-betonged 4o anotnen parish. — 'Daily News.' There are some cnrSous factstabtrat -oar calen dar. No century, can begin^on Wednesday, I*rt day, or Sunday. The same calendars can -be Used every twenty years. October always begins on the same day ot the week as January, ApriKas July, September as December. February, March, and November begin on the same days. May* June, and August always begin on -different .days from each other and every other month in-.ttho year. The first and last days of the year^are'tai ways the same. These rules do not apply-to- leap- year, when comparison is made between days be fore and after February 29. 