A ‘ TROOPER’S” TALE OF THE FIFTIES. By W.W. ROBBING THE DEAD, ; As a- “mounted trooper’’ of tlie earlier digging days I met with many strange and tragical experiences, and the one I am about to relate stands out distinctly In my memory, perhaps because the wretched actor in it had been an old ' schoolmate of my own. It was in ’55, and I was stationed at the then flourishing though ephemeral diggings known as Kangaroo Flat. It was a rowdy place while it lasted, but there were a few quiet and hard work 'ing men there, of course; one of these 1 had got pretty friendly with, he be \- jug about my own age, and a sharer in rnauy ways of my tastes and habits. Tlie name of this young chap was ITafdress Devon, and.be.lived alone in a tent on his own claim. The claim was the very last on the lead, and as • the diggers preferred camping nearer the stores and shanties, there was not another tent within a considerable dis tance. ' One evening as he was coming from the store he -dealt at, Devon called at the little police station. I well remem ber his appearance on that occasion, and every word almost that he said, for it was the last time I ever saw the poor fellow alive. He was a well-bnilt and handsome young chap, but with a quiet sadness, so to speak, in the curve of his lips that long experience has since taught me to recognise as the assured expression of an early death. No such thoughts were with me on that evening, however, as Devon came in, and seat ing himself quietly on my form told me his news. “My hard times are nearly over, Bray,” he said, with a smile; “another week will take the heart out of my claim.” “And then?” I questioned. “And then I’ll go back to my wife,”, lie said softly. “Tour wife, man? I never knew you had one!” “I never talk much about what is near my heart,” he said. “I left her in Melbourne six months ago, and now 11 shall go back, I thank God, not with an empty pocket.” “It is true, then, that you have been I getting gold all this quiet time,Devon?” "It is quite true, though I did not know that anyone guessed it. I have never sold an ounce of the gold on the Flat.” “I’ve heard some of the men say that you must be getting gold, or. you .would not have stuck to the claim so long; and others have said.your claim was a shicer, and that you liever had a,shilling to. spend.” ; He laughed pleasantly. “They were right, Bray. I never had a shilling to spend in the shanties. I kept my shil lings for my darling. And I’ll be glad to get back to civilised life. Bray, for this is telling on me unfavorably.” “You don’t feel well, Devon?” “No, I get strong heart palpitations and pain very often; hut I know what it is— the pick and shovel work is too much for me.” “Well, I'm glad you will soon get rid ot it, Devon, hut I’ll miss you, all the isime.” .- “Yes,” he said wistfully, as he rose to -go, but keeping his line eyes for a mo ment on my face, “we always miss something in this world, Bray and al Avays Shall. 1 guess, until we have passed the River.” “And then, Devour “And then, all will be well. Though, if we are allow-ed to remember earth and its troubles there, I should never rest if my wife should not get the gold I have tolled for.” “Oh,: she will get it right enough, lad! Don’t be morbid.” “I’m not, but I feel the uncertainty of life, Bray? If I die you will see that -she gets it, friend?” “I promise you, I will see that she does.” “I will tell you where it is. One of the posts of my bunk—the head one at the back—is loose. Pull it up and you will find the gold in the hole.” “All right!” I returned, laughingly, “see that I don’t stick to it, if I get the chance!” “I will see,. I’m sure of it!” he cried, with a sudden, and almost a fierce ener gy. . “If any man was to rob me when l was dead, I should haunt that man till death punished him!” “Well, you won’t haunt me, old man, for I shan’t give you the chance!” “I’m not afraid of you. There is my wife’s address, Bray. Should there be need, break it to her as gently as vou can.” With the bit of paper, on which he had with a pencil written his wife's address, in my hand, I stood for a moment and watched him walking quickly toward his tent. There was nothing in his bearing to suggest the invalid; his step was light and firm, his whole air that of a man full of life and hope. I remember to this day that I half envied Devon, his fortune won, and before him the pleasure of sharing it with the wife he so dearly loved. ... On the next day duty took me to Cas tlemaine, and on my return I passed a swagman. It was within a short distance of the Flat, and within view of Devon’s tent. Swagmen were plenty in- those days, and I was riding past quickly, but I did notice that the man was young, and looked very tired and shabby. I noticed, too, that Devon’s tent door was open, and wondered, for it was early in the after noon, and not an hour that he would he likely to leave his claim. My time for the following hour was occupied in attending to my horse’s wants and to my own. There had been the promise of another man at the police station (or camp, as it was then called), but he had not arrived; and I had my own cooking to attend to. My dinner was not eaten when I was summoned to the front by a knock. I was not surprised to see standing at the door the swagman I had passed on .the track. It was no unusual thing for a man to stop and ask the way, or for a match, but it was an unusual thing for anyone to stare at me as this man was doing. “What the matter?” I asked shortly, • -is there anything queer about me that you stare in that way?” “I’m wondering,” he returned, “is It Possible that you are Ned Bray, of Tres “That is my name, certainly, anc born at Tresham.” “Don’t £ou know me?” He took off his worn felt, and fr of a bush of whiskers and hair me in the fact. There was sometl the man’s eyes I seemed to be f; them bUt 1 C°Uld DOt Iocate tlle 0-51 mnitffi1 DaTe Pallsons, your old i “Good heavens, you are chang said, ‘ it is only six years since 1 you, and if you had not named v« should never have recognised y< • . ?ts Si,eatly ar matter of dres said, “and I’ve been working prett for little lately. But I had ho ide I should find In a. mounted man’s form when I came to give some tnation to the police.” “Information?” ;.Jost ;after you passed isvhile ago, I decided to camp and b Wily. I liad the fire all ready when I found that I hadn’t a match that would strike, so I went up to a tent by itself, where the door was open.” “Yes,” I said, though my heart was beating hard with a strange fear. The man was speaking of Devon’s tent, what information was he going to give me?” “I called out, ‘Are you in, mate?’ but there was no answer, so I went a little forward and looked in.” “For God sake go on,” I urged. “What did you see?” “I saw a man lying dead on the floor,” was the prompt reply. “I went to try and lift him, but lie’s stiff; must have been dead a good while, I should say.” “Come back with me,” I say, as I got my cap and went towards Devon’s tent. Until that moment I didn’t know how fond I had been of the poor fellow. I felt as if I was going to see the corpse of a brother, and the swagman noticed my agitation. “Did you know him ?” he asked. “Yes; intimately. He was in the camp talking to me about his affairs last even ing. on his way from the store.” My companion looked at me sharply I thought, but just then we reached the tent and I entered. It was too tine; there lay poor , Devon by the side of his trunk, and from the position in which he lay I formed the opinion that, feeling his illness, lie had attempted to secure or change the position of his “plant.” One hand was stretched stiffly towards the back post of the trunk of which he had spoken to me, and the soil around the post seemed to have been disturbed not very lately. While I had been satisfying myself1 that Devon was really dead, Dave Par sons had stood at the door watching me. "Will you go down to the camp, and get us a liammar and nails you will find on a shelf in the back kitchen?” I asked of Parsons. “I must make a thorough examination of the tent before I nail it up and go to report the case.” Parsons turned quickly to do as I had said, and I made use of the opportunity I had made to search for poor Devon’s gold. I found the leg of the trunk loose, as he had told me it was, and I easily .pulled it up, but in the hole from which I had lifted it I found nothing. What could he have done with the gold 60 soon after, as it were, giving it into my charge? It might have been that lie had changed its position, and intended I to notify me of the fact the next day. I Still, that was very unlikely in the face of his forbodings of sudden death. I had no doubt that my poor friend had died of heart disease, and the inquest on his remains held shortly after confirmed the fact. Dave Parsons had never borne the best of characters in his native place, but neither had he ever been accused of more than an inclination te a self- indulgence and laziness that led him into undesir able company. There will always be a tie of some kind between old school mates, especially when the wide sea rolls between them and the place of their i birth. At all events, seeing that Par sons was hard up, I asked hi into stop at the camp with me for a few days, and, | indeed, suggested that if he was sup-1 plied with a miner’s right he could not do better than take up Hardress Devon's claim. sphere’s only about a week’s work in it,” I said; “the poor fellow told me so last night. But Devon got gold in the claim, and if you don’t take it up some one else will.” “He got gold in it. did he? What did he do .with the gold?” , ’’That I do not know,” I replied, cau tiously. “But it’s the very strangest fact that the poor fellow spoke last night of bebjc robbed when, he was dead.” "What did he say?” “I can tell you his very words—‘if any1 man was to rob me when I am dead I should haunt that man till death pun ished him.’ Those were poor Devon’s very words.” “He must ha've been a fool,” Parsons said, disrespectfully, “who believes that the dead have any power. When the breath is once out of a, man he's done for.” “The body is done for, I grant you ; but what do we know" of the spirit or its power? That spirits have re-appeared to guard or warn no man can doubt.” “One man can, at any rate,” Parsons said doggedly, as he rose. “I’ve got a miner’s right, and I’ll go and take up the claim as you advise.” The body having been removed to the only public on the flat to await the ar rival of the coroner, I, in conjunction with another mounted man, who had been sent to help me, pulled down poor Devon’s tent, and literally rooted up its floor and surroundings without discover ing a speck of gold. In default of any other way of accounting for its being missing I began to wonder if Devon could possibly have transmitted it to his wife by some safe hand encountered after my last interview with him. As the only way to find out I wrote the whole details to a police friend who was at tile time stationed in Melbourne, and asked him to visit Mrs Devon,break the sad news to her, and inquire about the gold. Having done so much, I felt relieved when the arrival of the coroner per mitted the formalities of the inquest and the burial of my poor friend on the second day after the finding of the body. Parsons was now working in Devon's late claim, and begged the dead man’s tent, which, being of little value, I gave him, and he erected it not very far from the spot on which it had stood before, but rather nearer to the mouth of the shaft. Some days passed, aud Parsons came to the camp occasionally in the evening, as he passed to and fro from store or butcher’s. I was not long in finding out the secret of his seediuess—he was ad dicted to drink. He had confided to me that he was getting a little gold, but the amount he confessed to was not one- half of what I soon discovered him to be spending on drink, bottles of which he took to the tent to indulge In privately. • And the effects of his heavy potations soon began to tell on the miserable be ing. His face was puffed and pallid his hands trembling. That he was able to worry at all I began to doubt, and to satisfy muself went to the claim one day and looked down it. Dave was in a sitting posture at the bottom, appa rently sound asleep, and when. I shook a handful of sand over* him ■ to arouse him he started up with a shriek of ter ror that might have been emitted by a man in the jaws of a tiger. The shaft was about twenty feet de and bottomed on rock. A drive had b put in, and the claim worked from it the entrance of this drive Parsons 1 been seated,- and when he rose ; emitted the cry' I have mentioned I s from the awful wA'.'te face and terri eyes that the man wi“ suffering fr delirium tremens. “Do you want to kill yoursei'f sleep down there?” I asked. “Come sleep!”*’ aUd S<?t t0 bed i£ you ™ He managed to climb up, usin~ steps cut for the purpose, and hold by the windlass rope which I had i tened; but it was a dangerous proce mg, for his hands were almost helnli and I was fearful of every moment < ing him lose his hold and fall, to be kil by contact with the stone at the l tom. “Did you say sleep?” he as! mg at me wildly when he had s i.mu placa ^safety away from 1 There is ho place else I can sle^ down there/' . , | 'Why?” “Because he follows ; me. everywhere, (lay and night; but the shaft beats him! There’s no room for him down there.” “Who are you talking about?’’ I n.siced as calmly as I could, for strange suspi cions were unfolding in my mind. “About your pal. the dead man! lie's got it into his head that 1 robbed him of his gold, and lie's haunting me day and night! Oh, you needn’t deny it; it was you that told me lie would come back to lok for his gold.” “Devon said he would haunt anyone that robbed him dead; but how can lie be haunting you—an Innocent man?” “Living men sometimes make mistakes, don’t they?” he asked, cunningly; "aim why shouldn't dead ones? At all'events, there he is now, glaring at me as if 1 had his - gold in my pocket." While he was speaking the wretched man was drawing back from a spot at which-he was glaring with terrified eyes, though there was nothing there but the warm sun restitng on a patch of grass. I spoke to him as soothingly as I could, to get him into the tent. “You’ve got a touch of sunstroke. Tar sons, and are fancying things. There’s nothing or nobody within seeing distance of us. Come ou into the tent, and lie down for a bit.” “He’ll follow me there!” “No, he won’t; I’ll see to that. Whv, Dave, did anyone ever hear of a ghost appearing in broad daylight?” At length he permitted me to lead him away, more, I think, to get rid of the fancied spirit he was so terrified of than anything else. I got him to lie down under a promise of remaining with him if he tried to sleep, hut managed to seud for a doctor without him missing.me. as he lay muttering and lighting imaginary opponents on his bunk. The medical .verdict was just what I i expected. “This is not the first attack lie's had of D.T., I suspect, and it. will go hard with him. I’ll go and try and get someone up to help you, for he may take a mad fit at any moment.” There were noe a great number of women on the flat then, and most ol’ those who were had tlielr time fully oc cupied iu some or other kind of business conuected with the sale of drink. The constable they had sent up to assist mo was occupied on that day in police busi ness, but as soou as the diggers knocked off work I had many offers from good natured men to help me in the night watch with the wretched victim of drink. At six o'clock I went down to our camp, leaving Parsons at last asleep un-. der the effects of a powerful opiate ad-' ministered by the doctor. One of the dig gers was to.watch the sick man while P looked after my horse and got my .own: supper.. I then lay down and had a! nap for a couple of hours, aud went hack to Parsons’ tent at ten o’clock, the hour at which I had promised to relieve Jack Morton. It was 011c of tlio loveliest nights I can recall. The moon was within a couple of days of the full, and she shone, broad and brilliant, on my grassy way. Long before I reached it I could sec Dave’s faintly lighten tent, so silent and lonely looking, that I coukl not help contrasting it sadly with the sounds of music aud dance aud laughter that came up dis tinctly from the “street” at the lower lead. Parsons was asleep again when 1 cautiously stopped at the tent and bec koned Morton outside. To my inqui ries, ere the mau left, he replied that' Parsons had had a bad bout an hour pre vious. “He was fighting with dead men' and the devil himself,” Jack said; “and it was. nearly past mv strength to control him, but lies suu mi now, and before he’s likely to wake again I’ll have Tom Nolan up to help you.” I thanked the good-natured digger, and sat down on a box at the foot of Parson’s bunk. lie was sleeping but un easily, and every now and then he would call out suddenly and with awful' mut terings fling his arms about wildly. Gradually, however, his sleep became heavier, and in the unaccustomed silence I unconsciously drifted into slumber my self. I awoke with a start to see that the bed was empty. I-Iorrifled at what might he the result of my carelessness, 1 darted to the opening of the tent.Outside it was almost as bright as day, and the still ness, with the height of the moon, as sured me that I must have slept a consi derable time. My very first frightened look was in the direction of the shaft, and there, between my eyes and it, I saw as plainly as I ever saw anything iu my life two figures. Yes, there were two of them when I first looked. There, within, say, twenty yards, I saw my lost friend’s face and form. It was nearest to me, and beyond, with his back to the shaft aud the moonlight full upon his horrified face, stood Dave Parsons. He had on him only shirt aud pants, and he was in his stockinged feet. The front of his shirt had been torn open by some of his own delirious movements, and his chest was partially bare, and had streaks of blood upon it where he had fixed his own nails in his agony of fear. Tliatj he, too, saw poor Devon’s appari tion there could he no doubt, but his lips were frozen with terror aud his tongue was silent. The instant I saw and recognised the shadowy form Devon’s pale face was turned to me, and I saw a smile round the well-known lips. It is years since I ventured to relate this episode, for my hearers then laughed at what they called my delusion, hut the mockery did not wipe out the memory of my dead friend’s face, or the pax-ting smile that lingered round the well-known lips. Only for a second Devon turned to me, and then his regards returned to the wretched Parsons. As they did so a shriek of terror rent the quiet, and my old schoolmate began to move backward as Devon seemed to advance toward him. I saw the danger, which Parsons had for gotten, hut I saw it was too late; there was another terrible ei-y as the unfortun ate Parsons staggered, tossed up his arms, and fell backward down his own shaft—the shaft that Devon had sunk. One moment there had been two figures and the next there was nothing but the still moonlight lying upon the grass between me and the shaft. I had darted toward it as soon as I saw the doomed man’s danger, but no one could have saved him. When I reached-the shaft aud looked and listened I could see nothing In the obscurity of the depth, aud there was nothing to hear, only the silence that might have been of death. Fortunately at this very instant Mor ton’s mate came up to help me, and be tween us we managed to attach Parsons to the rope and haul him to the surface. He was not dead, hut so sei-iously injured that it seemed impossible he could re cover. There was a deep wound in his head, from which a quantity of blood had flowed, and it was perhaps the flow which relieved the inflamed-braiu, and left him, when he recovered his senses, an -‘arently as sane as myself. Med to sit up, and recognised me as I spoke happened?” hand to his head to keep him still. “What has e asked as he raised his snd then held the blood tinged fingers before'.** g* Dav0j ^ “You have had an acc., you must keep very quiet u. tor comes.” “An accident! Oh, God! I remee I fell down the shaft and. he was clias me. I am dying, Bray, I feel it! Devon . will get ills gold now, and I wish to God J I had never robbed the dead!”' I -util the doc-: „ taller! ,'ng “It -was you. then?'’ I asked, noting by the grey, ghastly hue of his face that 'he end was not far off. “Ves, it was I. Let me tell you while I sun able. Can you give me anything to revive me—for a few moments?” Tlie death sweat was on his face as I liehl rlie stimulant ordered by the doctor to his pallid lips, but when lie had taken it he spoke anxiously. “The gold is in the drive, at the claim under a big stone at the very end. I tell you lest it should be too late—when I have let you know how I got it. I went lor a light, as I told you, and when 1 found tlie dead man I saw that lying by him was one of the legs of his bunk that he seemed to have pulled up with his last breath. I guessed lie had a plant i» tlie hole, and got it.” He told me this, poor miserable being, in gasps as he could, while in the mean time I wiped tlie cold moisture from his brow and cheeks. ,-r robbed the dead, and from tlie hour' you told me that Devon had declared lie would haunt the robber to his death 1 lelt that my doom was sealed. I drank and drank, for I saw him day and night watching me for his gold, and the more I drank tlie plainer I saw Devon. “Don’t speak any more of it, Carsons,” I pleaded. “Take it to Him wim fw gives all sins. Ask Him for pardon. Pave, now, before it is too late.” “I'm in a hard strait, Bray,” he mur mured; "hilt I was always a had egg— even at sebo*], do you remember? There was never any chance for me; the devil was too strong—always. But perhaps now. when I’m come-—so ' low—the Lord will pity and help me.” . “He will, Dave: ask Ilini uuickly.” “ I mil- asking Ilim. Lord, forgive a sinner—for His sake—who died—for sinners.” Those were his last words, and being, what I trust was a sincere prayer, surely we may believe that .there was “hope in his death.” We found Devon’s gold where the mis erable Parsons had told me it was, and I had the satisfaction of sending it to Ills young widow. I received in return a sad letter with thanks for all iny trouble, aiapl had no doubt from tlie tone of its communication that although gold is a valuable help in the journey of life, poor Devon’s wife would have forfeited it twenty times over-for a look into his lov ing, living face, or to hear the sound of liis warm heart beating near her own. 