Denetit Concert At Violet Town. On Friday evening last a concert was given by tile lloutlsuckle Musical Club ., ..-1... 'Za.aiutn Aala·i - nntut e tLC f YuseH joint e itelnlit if the L:u:.s'' lLneovolent Society and the .M11ecanies' Institate. Owinig to the illl.llenlicy of tile weather the attendance was notl as large as was anticilpated. but still there was a goodly nuTter. Tlh'l st:i ': had been decorated for t he o,'ctcas:n 1,{' the 1 :1mrln l.ers of tl]le cluh and pre- , = ltei :, lrl y a:,pear:an: e. The poiitin tlof intetrieiior was filled 1by .lr li,,rol h!,l i. :1 ajarh, manner, andl the e?rrs w'?,, oe''pi.d by Slehssr tE. thi unils :?ltl .1. 'i urnhnll, who kelpt the .uliene u I ood spirits with their witticIm. A ir 11. -hr ,gan acted as a?ecotp:llt i il I?e. every satisLfae ion. b,,ing v:ly :,?;el lv r .1 r.. (ntle. The entelrt::inv ,".I o l..ii u,, l? b an over trOe bly .is: rs il. .;,':an and A.. uIhle which was mul, appreci:,ted. The troupe thit, tok the:yseatson the Slage and sang "" T h 'I l it .LA rk's a-movin ." as an opening chorus. .ir Sloulthternlll followed with " (lory or the I(rave," and Mr Tllmas sanL tile " olden Gates," 31r llarsiield then rendered " The death of the lMiilshipite" iln anti appreciative tmanner,an d Mr Paget sang t" Only one gill il tihis world for me" with good voice. Mr Turnbull gave a good rendering of " Oh tle Sea," and a song well sung by Mr Latimer-" Sous of thle Sea"-brouight tile first part. to a close. An interv:al of tenll minutes followed, andil tlhel a trio-" The Wreath"-wtas stung iey Messrs llorsfiehl Latimer and Southern' tle sae s being Imuch allpreciated. Mr Paget followed Suitl a comic nutbnlr--" It never could tihaplen there"-which created a favor able itlpreasion, after which Mr Latimer gave a good rendering of -' Tie X teotman's wedding." Mlessrs Pi'aget and Blriggs followed with "' 1tow-de-do- de," which was given in goo, style, and M1r 'Turn bull created miuch amusettent by singing "At miy time of life," A song in Chiunese costume-" Chin Chin"'--by Messrs Paget and liriggs, also caused tlucit mterriment, lanl brought the oho to a close. .tnother'short interval and the concluding farce-" Ghost in a pawn shop"-was staged. The characters wete taken by Messrs Thomas. Briggs and. 1. Grogan. The proceeds of the concert amounted to about £7. so that after paying all ex" penses tlhere will h:e a balance of about £5 to be divided between len,yiciarttres. _. 