LAMP&ELL;'S BENEFIT i A HUGE SUCCESS. . A 'RECORD HOUSE.'1 The benefit organised by tho local amateurs, for . U-e purpose of raising funds to a.-siwt the unfortunate minor Lumpiell, who wus hurt in tho Gib rtiitsu- mine, tome fivo months ngtr, camo off in Wulkei-'s Hall on Wed nAM^av ftVAnincrlirpf,. anil, in civnrv wnr waa a. liugo success. .Long before 8 ? o'clock tlio ball was check full, not oven standing room being available, and tho doorkeeper had to turn a number o.way, owing to there being no accommodation. Early in the even ing the Premier Sand, under Mr. W. Elliott, was driven round the town and its environs by Mr. Jack Prowse — the well- known Adelong ' ribbon twister' — in a four-in- hand. The Band coach drew up in front of the hall about 7.80, nnd then the Town Band, under Mr. Glaaby, took up the running. Tlio curtain was a little lata in going up, but when it did the Company, taking its cue immediately, broko straight into tho opening chorus, 'Come Where tho Lilies Bloom,'1 a beautifully arranger! piece, nnd — con- sidering tho short timo allowed for rehearsal — splendidly rendered, the part singing being nice and even, and the parts full and well balanced, ' They're After Mo' was the first song, Charlie Weeton, although a little nervous, telling tho audience in a humorous manner how everyone was chasing him because be was such a good-looking and splendid fellow. That evergreen and always beautiful chor us song, ' Elsie of tho Glen,' by Mr, M. Walsh, was the best of the senti montal items ' on the chairB,' Mick letting liis voice out and singing the old favorite with great effect. Hal. Braino created quiio a furore with his comic, ' Ringtail Possum Song,' and his local verses ' wont down ' splen didly, as the audience v-ciferjusly demanded an encore when Hal. Bang, ISring along tho Councillors, Give it to 'em hut ; Miko RbuI). Junes mayor, ? M'Co. k don't care a jot. Get the bricks and mortar, Excavate the hill; Then Matthews with a billy-can, The reservoir will fill. Ho gave them p. second verse, in which the vagaries of tho town clock wero sung of. ' The Little Coon,' a coon melody with a humming re frain, was sung by Mr. Jack Sullivan, the company joining iu the refrain. Will Wostou gave tho comic ' Duck foot Sue1' in splendid style, and is the makings of a splendid corner man. ' Suaie- ue,' by Mr. G. Wigg, was a pretty little coon song and chorus, and was dono justice to. Paddy Sul livan sang ' Tho Sour Apple Trco,' and Mr.. W. Wright's fine tonor was heard to advantage in 'Loving F-yi's uf Violet Blue,' with a splendid chorus accompaniment The curtain was rung down on Part I, after tho ''corner men,' dressed in '.military' costume and mounted 01 horses of the 'cubby-bouse' slylo pvancud round the stuge and sang in typical versus of the doings of the Australian Ilor&o;, tho ? wind-up buiiig ah imaginary at tack on them by an enemy in ambus cade, but tho fireworks — representa- tive of the Gatling {.uas--had be come damp awing to falling into a beer bottle, and only a few of thorn exploded: But tlio ' got off' was a very . -, laughable thing, -and tho aud ience enjoyed it immensely. ? Tho voices in the choruses were those of Messrs. D. M'Lean, Gray, P. Wehton, Brooks, . Helm, Vaughan, Turner; J. iioomes ana w. .dido. lur. joe jvouy acted as interlocutor. The second part of . tho programme opened with a woll-rendcred selection, ' What Mystery' (from ' Alurirana1') by tho members of tlio Gundagai Town Bnndj and then Mr. Lucas sanu, 'OfC to Philadelphia,1''* but did not seem to be in such good voico us he usually is. Mrs, Glasby's solo 'Beauty Sleep,'- was tlie pick \ of Iho pro gramme, and the audience recalled her, 'Daddy' baing givenas air en core, Wednesday evening was the first, lime we had the pleasure of hearing this lady sing, and certainly Gundagai is fortunate in possessing such a sweot songstress and finished artiste as Mrs. G. Joe Kelly hud to respond to an.oncoro for his whistling solo, 'The Mocking Bird/1 and Miss Lynch sang 'Listening1' with effect. Profess ...p-; Shaw recited ' The Life boat,' and Mr. G. Gray gave the comic song 'I Borrowed It.' Mr. Gray's ' make-up was tip- top and he nave the itom iu good style. Little Jack -Donoghue, a Junee visitor— 11 youngster with a phenomenal voice — was recalled over and over again. .Ho sang 'Sons o£ tho Sea,'1 'Enoch Knocked,' 'For Me/' and. ' That is My' Ono.1' 'Carry Mo Back to Old Virginey' was the item treated by-Mr. Percy Weston; Ho was made up as a grej -headed and brokenTdown nig., a'id tottored on to tho stago with.' his bundle swung to his stick, nnd patches showing' plonti.ful.ly . .on: his shirt nnd trousers. Tlie couipnuy at tho back sang tho ocho chorus, and, in oiir opinion ; the item was 'a beauti fully offeclive. one, full of r ality, and the siugor certainly was deserving of recall. The concluding item was tho comic song 'Another Attempt to Murder Me' by everybody's favorite, Hal. Braine. A slight hitch occurred in the item, tho ghost which was sup posed to walk when Hal is prostrate on the around not appearing, and 'tis Slid that Will Bibo had it ahaim-d up for fear of souring tho ladies in tho hall, However, Hal lay on his back awailing tlio ghost that never came, and then got up and nmblod off. The audience oncor. d him, and back ho toddlod and sang '' Oh Jeru-salem.',1 Tho curtain then rang down, tho ? National Anthem was sung, and the po'oplo emptied themselves out of tho building... Mr. Eobt Sullivan acted us accompanist for most of tho itemB beiug relieved by Mm. Kelly (four items), aud Mrs. Lucas (ono item). Now a wtoi-d for those who assisted to make the b'eriofit the success it was. The first roan to mention is Mr. Glashy/on who.^o shoulders radll'y was placed tho priricip-'il burden, aud ho ?ncted .in ulmost over capaoity, . Mr. Hul. Braino deserves more tlia'n a pass in™ 'word of praise, as ho worked like a Trojan' to make the benefit a puccosb and seemed in no wny afraid of toil. All tho ladb who took part aluo gave their services unsfil8*h!y and un stintedly, and, knowing what n good cause they wero working for, pu't thoir Bhouldors to the whool aud got the performance, off with only u fort night's rehearsal. Mr. Walker gavo hit* hull, both for tho rehearsals and the performance, free of ohargo ; both papers did tho printing and advortisi ing gratuitously, and everyone did their work without remunerntion, sb that with the exception of a few shil lings to pay for oil and candles, the whole of the proceeds will be handed over to Lamprell. What the proceeds of the perform ance will total is not yet correctly known, but muking a rough calcula tion it is expeoted that a cheque of £40 will be handed over. 