A Dramatic Incident. She had caught the pink bow on her snoulder in the wicker of the chair, and torn ;ts fastening. 'Can I help ? he asked. ' Can you pin?' rerfectly.' He was told to fetch liher work-basket from the drawing-room, and, on his return, knelt beside her as she adjusted the ribbon. ' You must take your hands away,"he said, ' or I shall pin them there.' She folded them resiznedly in her lap, but turned her head with saucy distrustfulness to. observ-e his operations. - " - 'It should be sewn,' he suggested. Can you sew? ' ' Better than I can pin.' She opened the basket again, and, threaiding a needle. handed it up to him. 'It will be easier if yon stand.' She held out her hand for assistance, and, as she raised herself, the light cloak slipped back from her shouldersinto the chair. He got through it aracefully enough, with out the heavy breathing and squared elbows that men affect when wrestling with a needle; ai-d, if his labor was soniewhht lengthy. mere clumsin-es may not have bees so much to blame as lie averred. ' ' Vat is the wage !' he inquired, as he cut +the thread. '\hat do you suggest ?!' A suddennmad impulse almost moved him to kiss her' shoulder. Her fiigers had rested thereby accident for an instant, throwing a flash of color, like a shaken flag, over the deli cateskin; but he was wiser than that. He said : ' I will leave you in my debt.' Perhaps she read the conflict in his face--it -las to be seen there- and resentin'. as a woman may, his failure to do what, if done, would have still more incensed her, said, with a demure audacity in her eves: 'I only bargarSln for re:sdyn money. Still unsteaidy froan his own struggle, he re iurned her ambiguous glance with- such interest that partly firon excitement, and a desire by over-daring to force him into cau tion, she flipped lightly at the needlepoint Which he was holding between his teeth, siy ing: 'You shouldn't put pins in your mouth. He started back suddenly, and then, with a gulp and a flash of terror in his face, threw himself across a chair, head don-wards, coughing violentlv. WXhen he raised himself stiffly she wa~s- white as a ghost, and could scarcely command the voice to say : 'What wans it'. 'Thie needle.' ' Y?ou didn't swallow it ?' He began to recover himsnelf, and to remem ber he must have looked foolish; his face was nearly as, pale as hers, but he laughed as he said- "I'm afraid it's lost to you or ever." "Will it kill you?" He thought she was going to faint, she was so deathly white, and for the moment he did not care what happened to her; he felt to hate her, in a selfish sordid cowai-dly fashion, for what she had done. He said, almost sulkily- "Isn't there a doctor I could see?" She was crying like a girl, but just steadied her voice to say the carriage would'be then at the door and they could drive don to the nearest physician's. She only spoke once by the way. She laid her hand on his, and said in heart-broken fashion--"Salt, I am so sorry." "It doesn't matter," he replied, not over gently; "what is it?" He hardly knew what he said--he was specu lating on the whereabouts of the.needle. He expected every- moment to begin to die, and, in spite of his words, that did seem a matter of the most importance. Cherry voices from the street-door gave hdr quite a revulsion of joy. 'That'll be all right,' she heard; ' wad it well and lie low.' A double ' Good-night,' the door slammed, and Pedely was taking hi seant beside her; he gar- the word for homie. leant back and laughed. 'Seems to be the avholesomnest thing in the world; whole meal and butter-milk not in it ; can't eat enough; nuniber mines and new bread, with porridge to folfow. Thimble-cup,. I suppose, to wash it down. 'The sequel unfortunately, does not justify the physician's hopeful forecast.t-From 'r?usLt of Gold ' by Francis Provost. 