Snag! of a Gutter's Drew, Tie Tessei Mripl. lire at lortMl Mantis. Sydney, January 31. The steamer ."Moresby arrived this morn ing, afrer a; cruise through British New. Guinea and New Britain. The Moresby has brought news regarding a massacre by natives, and..the punishment of the ring leader. The Sea Ghost, a 16 ton cutter, was recently chartered for the island trade. She was in charge of Captain Kolshorn, and the_ other members of her crew con sisted of half a dozen natives recruited in Bismarck Arehipellago. The cutter sailed under the German tricolor, and on leaving her headquarter?,' made for the German Solomon Islands. It was at one of these islands, called Bnka, Hat the Sea Ghost made her first call, and she had hardly' reached the anchorage before there was an attack on the crew by the shore natives. The natives as usual put off from the shore in .canoes, but in his' anxiety to keep tha vessel clear of dangerous reefs, the captain had not noticed that they were swarming on board tlje cutter. Captain Kolshorn was descending the rigging when the attack was made. It was a complete surprise for him, and being unarmed he had no pos sible chance of defending himself. He fell mortally wounded on the deck, his body being horribly butchered. Four of the natives made a desperate fight, but the odds were J considerably against them, and they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some means managed to escape. Meanwhile the vessel had been run ashore, and having been looted of everything of v.alue she was destroyed. .The captain's body had been thrown overboard, and the remains of four of the native crew were taken to a village for a cannibalistic feast. A report of the massacre reached Few Britain in due course, and a punitive ex pedition, in charge of Judge Sehnee,_visited the scene and succeeded iri capturing the native who was the ringleader in the at tack on the unfortunate crew of the cut ter. He was duly . tried before Judge Schnee, and -condemned to be hanged. The execution was expected to take place shortly after the Moresby left for Sydney. Another item of news brought by the Moresby was; the destruction "by fire of a store containing 86 tons of copra, at the Shortlaud Islands. The store, which was owned by Mr. Tinclall, is supposed to have been set on fire by natives. Enquiries were being made with a view of bringing the culprits to justice. 