-SYDNEY SQUIBS. By the Farceuk.J Politicians' Finances. — The Presentation Industry. — l' Affaire Dreyfus. — Tim New Ministry. — Legal Vagaries. — Chinese Eccentricity. " What has ho done with it ?" That is tho very natural although rather impertinent ques tion which tho " Alan in the Stroct " and quite number of other persons aro asking to-day respecting the fortune of ex-Premier Iteid. For five years Air. Rcid has drawn a princely income from the Treasury, his travelling expenses have always been paid while he journeyed throngh the land, he has ever been a steady-going careful man, ana yet he goes out of office as poor as that proverbially poor bird known as " Job's turkey." During the wordy warfare that rushed him out of office, unpleasant and unkind remarks were made about a certain overdraft also, and all things considered there is some excuse for the oft-heard query : " "What has lie done with it ?" .Mr. Eeid's bar practice was never exceedingly largo, and altogether his prospects of speedily becoming a millionaire are considerably hampered by limits. "While in office lie was very good to many, howoyer, and it would bo most ungrateful if he were allowed to fall from his high estate without something being done to let him down lightly. Aleetings havo already been held with a view of solacing him in his hour of defeat, and proposals have been made to either present him with a testimonial, give liini a banquet, or buy him a comfortable residence. < There is sound sonso in the latter proposal, but tho first one is a doubtful affair, and tho second would do a deal moro harm than good. It is a more difficult tiling to help s6me men who are financially stranded than most persons think. Many men aro like empty sacks, they can keep erect ns long as they are hold up, but the moment they are left to themselves, down they go kerflop. Sir Henry Parkes was one of these ; and the more ho was helped tho harder he fell. As a sample of how poor he was as a financier it is related that on one occasion while heavily pressed he came to town, and after a great struggle succeeded in borrowing £50. Keturning home, his ill-luck led him into an auction sale, where some raro old hooks and curios were being sold, and by tho time lie left the place lio had just £Z 10s in his pocket, the balance of the £50 having been paid for stuff that would not return him a penny profit. AVlien lie died, the sum of 2s 9d was found in his safe, and yet he probably drew more from tho Treasury during fife than any two other men who over filled the post of Premier. T n 7V Generous old Sir John Robertson was another who let money slip through his hands liko water; and at the end of a long run of had fortune his many friends - clubbed together, and I think something like £10,000 was raised on his behalf — hut not actually placed in his hands. Rumor says that as soon as this sum was made known a'_firm to whom Sir John was indebted for £100 sent- an agent to liim to say the firm would be glad to receivo any orders he chose to favor them with ; no mention being made of the old account; the natural supposition being that it would be settled out of the ten " thou." Very graciously and very promptly Sir John ordered another £100 worth, and in about three months' time -a-representative of the firm called round for settlement, only to find that the gonial Sir John was stonobroke still. "But what about that £10,000 testimonial ?" gasped the astounded caller. "I never touched a penny of.it," ex plained Sir John ; " my creditors took care of that." . . # I don't know if tho' oracle is worked out here at.afi, but in. England there are industrious per sons who travel on tho trophy andjiresentation gamo, and make a jolly good living by the pastime also. "Whenever a leading citizen, or, in fact, any sort of citizen above' the no-account grade is about to remove from one town to another, the presentation worriers scurry round and work up a "mark of appreciation" and " token of esteem " agitation for him ; and then, having the solo control of the business, they secure fine fat commissions from the merchants or jewellers or the like who supply the presenta tion articles. : One of those pushing parties recently owned up that he had the selecting of from forty to fifty prize cups for sports, o!c., every year, and the settlement of", accounts relating thereto— discounts not stated on the bills— sometimes ran as high as £50_on a single job. This could happen in tho case"of cronk sporting meetings only, but then such meetings nro undesirably common — I mean in other coun tries, of course. # Tho testimonial trickery pays the best of all. At least, so I infer from the confession of ono trickster, who says: "I had :£25, a champagne luncheon,, and "an opportunity ot airing my ora tory out "ol a silver cradlo presentation made to our mayor last year, aiid the local silversmith, to whom t piloted the order, stood a tidy comish. for mo "as ivell. Tho public plumed themselves on their munificence, the mayor's lady was as proud of the cradlo "as a peacock with two. tails (it was her first offence— I moan her first baby), the silversmith received twice tho value of tho article lie supplied, and his worship the mayor lent mo £25, payable ' when I liked,' and has been my very good friend ever since." The presentation plunderer is not wholly to blairie,: howover, for a ring of truth is heard in his voice when he adds : " Over and over again I havo received quiet, but unmistakable hints from as piring citizens, who desired to be testimonialised — ' just to please tho missus,' as they say— and I've acted upon them, you bet, for in such a case the comish. comos in at hotli ends, and I get a hit of fat ont'of tho middle of the matter also. " Occasionally a purse of sovereigns is made a stringent condition, and then I always bargain for my little 10 per cent, before I start. Possible subscribers —men in public positions, wealthy tradespeople, and aspirants after office are not too well pleased when they see mo popping up with my little fist and pencil ; in fact I know they are generally mad enough to kick a tunnel through me, and when I leave them they use language strong enough to haul a loaded train without tho help of an engine. But they can't help themselves, and I gently but firmly rub that fact into their heads, too ; but at tho same time I console them with the remark that their turn is sure to como along in time, and tlien their treatment at tho hands of an appreciative public will all depend on the way they honor tho good old agreement, ' Tickle mo, Toby, and I'll tickle thee.' " Tho Dreyfus farco has fizzled out in the most appropriate manner possible ; the accused being found guilty for the second time and then re leased. The real truth of this scandalous affair probably is that half-a-dozen political faotions who didn't know exactly what they wanted, but were determined to get something, were col- lo"uiu" together and Dreyfus accidentally dis covered some of their plotting, or they feared ho had and that he also had a shrewd idea tlmt theso schemers were helping themselves to the pnhfic funds to forward thoir own games, there fore it was desirable to put Dreyfus out of the wav as soon ns possible. This was done too clumsily, howover, and thanks to the ranch- mnfi"ned Zoln, tho trickery was exposed, homo still beliovo that Dreyfus really had a finger in the pie, and in fact is the George Dean of France, a' man deemed fit for" the gallows one day and honored as a martyr tho next; but the French business is the dirtiest of its kind on record, and the sooner it 13 buried tho better for all con cerned. f The foolish and costly farce of sending newly appointed Alinistcrs to the country to be returned a second time by their constituents has been played for, let us hope, tho last' time. In the bad old days the practice had its use, but it is as much out of date now as tho crinoline, and the sooner it, like that marvellous garment, is rele gated to the dust-heap tho better. No electors ore so silly as not to understand that their dis trict has a far better chance of being served by a Alinister than a merojnember — look at all that Pa Brunker has dono for his little lot — and it looks very like an insult to their intelligence to pu t the question to them. Of course some oppo-; sition is often made, but as a rule it is bogus. Some political crank may feel that tho time lias come for him to go to Parliament, or some enter prising tradesman may consider that tho town wants livening up and a little money put in cir culation, or some political hummer may go up ou the off clmnco of getting a " fiver " to stand down ; but all these are-fooleries, and tho sooner they are squelched for all lime the better. # # Now brooms sweep clean, and so the new Alinisters are making a great show of work already. Premier Lyno has started sensibly by confining himself to six important measures for tho session, instead of reeling off a programme that wonld havo been considered unduly long oven in tho patriarchal days when men lived until the rather too ripo old ago of 947, and boy-' hood lasted for a century or two. First, of all the shamefully neglected roads and bridges are to he put in good working order — a pieco of news which will bring moro joy to tho weary souls of country folk than even the cabled an nouncement that tho " Yorks " had acquired another baby. Light railways aro to bo con- strncted— wherever practicable, another great country boon (when accomplished), and the city and ports aro to ho benefited by a Navigation Bill. The land laws aro to ho so amended that the splendid reserves of the central division, shortly falling in, aro to ho put to a far bettor uso than they are at present, and tho young man who is told to " go 011 tho soil " may soon think that advice worthy of being acted upon — the danger of his going under tho soil from starvation being considerably lessened. We aro to got a Naviga tion Bill " to-cover tlio wliolo system of dealing with shipping in the ports " ; tho Early Closing Bill " to definitoly specify the hour of closing and prevent any employe being kept after that hour," and lo secure ono half- holiday a weok to all omployes ; also a Conciliation and Arbitra tion Bill, to ho made effective by penalties at tached to verdicts. Talk is also heard of a Fac tories and Shops Bill, an Eight Hours Bill, and a "little hill" to provide for tho support of widows and children of men injured in mines. It is not lilcoly all of them will be reached this year. Afr. Lyno will do well, indeed, if lie sticks to his six sofiiTplanks and still retains enough energy to breast his Christmas dinner table and do justice to the good things thereon. Judging from recent records, the man who owns a dog has suffered sufficiently aftho hands of Justice, and his place is to bo taken by the man who owns a rooster. Some time ago tho full majesty of the English law was put forward to punish a mon-wbo kept a cook the crowing of which interfered with the health of a neighbor ; but in thnt cose the prosecution failed, because tho Bench gravely ruled that " it is tho nature of a cock to be a little noisy." Since then, how ever, another, and evidently moro sensible,, magistrate declared that no man has a right to keep anything on his premises which needlessly constitutes itself an unbearablo nuisance. Un fortunately, that was as far as the Bench could go, however, for no law could be found under which tho cock- owner could bo punished ; and so the stipendiary could do nothing but throw out dark hints that if tho noisy rooster could not ho removed by fair means it might by foul. That complicated matters worse than over, for tho plaintiff wont off and shot tho cock, and was there and then promptly pounded by the owner. Next day the pounder was fined £2 for assault, and on tho morrow tho. plaintiff was turned into a defendant, and fined 40s for discharging fire arms within the borough. Further developments are looked for with intense curiosity and expec tation. To tho Caucasian mind tho Chineso character will probably always remain most perplexing and peculiar. Not long ago a Sydney Chiuam m committed suicido because he could not pay his debts. That was sad, but tho danger of such a frightful example influencing other financially- distressed persons to any great- extent is not imminent. To-day we road of a case in another colony in which a Chinaman applied to a fellow- countryman for a loan of money. This was, refused, and, by tho way of rovongo, tho ombar- rased pagan committed suicide, so that his "ghost might"rccurn and perpetually annoy the niggard. As yet this annoyance has not led to any alarm ing results ; but the frionds of tho deceased are hopoful, and declare that tho ghost will walk " plontoo soon." 