IDA'S!'SWANS. "The most' tiresome creatures in the world are other people's swans," said Angela. "Of course it is the other people who make them tiresome. In themselves they are often quite harmless. I should not like to be someone, else's swan. The position draws attention to your shortcomings." "My cousin Ida, the one who lives in Germany, has just been over here. She brought a swan with her. We had to entertain him, and now Edward says he will never have one in the house again. His name was Isidore Katzenstein, and he was Ida's very best musical swan. She said it would be such a pleasure for us to have him in the house, and she hoped he would not object to our piano and our English ways. Edward said he hoped not too. We are both fond of Ida, and we don't'mind her "talking nonsense because we know she can't help it I ;believe we should have liked Herr Katzenstein if he had not beesg. a swan. He played the piano very well," but not better than Paderewski or Rubinstein. At least that is our opinion. Ida says you can't have an opinion about music in this climate, and that in Germany no 'one would look at any other musician if Herr Katzenstein was. in the room. He is an undersized young man, with rather good features, a curious twist in his walk, ajiii a very ordinary head of hair. Yoh have only to look at his hair to know that he never could • set up as a firstclass musician. But Ida says that in Germany he is considered irresistible, and that every woman he meets loves him to distraction. When he had stayed with us two days she asked me quite anxiously whether; I preferred him to Edward yet I said I was sure I should soon if only he would play the piano in his coat. Because that very afternoon Mrs Dallas had called and "had found him in his shirt sleeves playing the "Walkurenritt," with a cigar in his mouth and a soda tumbler full of lager beer at his side. It was Ida's fault. After lunch she invited him to play,. and said • I should not mind at all if he smoked and took off his coat; and the lager beer she poured out with her own hands. She always waits on her swans. Now he will feel at home," she whispered to me. "I am so anxious for him to take back a pleasant impression of England." •Then Mrs Dallas called, and I got up to welcome her, and Ida came towards us with a face like a tragic mask and said Herr Katzenstein never allowed anyone to speak while he -was playing. Mrs Dallas thought I had two lunatics with me. She doesn't care for music, and while Herr Katzenstein thundered, out the "Walkurenritt" he sang it too— with the cigar in his mouth—and Ida jojhed in. • "Why do they whoop like that?" Mrs Dallas whispered, " but I dared Hot answer. I was afraid Herr. Katzenstein would stop playing and run out of the room in a rage. Ida says he makes a point of doing so in Germany if anything annoys him. We were really better amused by last year's bird, an .odd ; little "scientific" doctor. I askedjld^ what the qualification meant in this caise, and she said that Dr. Tomsk did not 'practise. He'- wrote pamphlets about his ^great discoveries; and sometimes, in a light, lazy mood, he wrote novels and -poems." She said he would be an improving friend for Edward, and that-he had promised to drop in at three to-inorrow afternoon, and that we might possibly persuade him to stay to dinner. : . - "1 shall be out to-morrow afternoon," said Edward. "I have an e.ppointm.ent." "Can't you put it pff^ jiyged Ida. "Dr Tomsk might be offended if you were not here to receive him. He is a very busy man." "So is my dentist" said Edward, "and may appointment is with him." Ida thinks -Edward -rather • flippant sometimes. She is always very solemn about her swans. She went-on . to tell us that Dr. Tomsk has been bom in. Germany;' and brought up in most of the countries of Europe, and that each one in turn had helped 'to furnish and decorate his extraordinarymind. So. of course, I felt "Very much afraid of entertaining him, until I remembered that he -was a swan. Whe'h he arrived I knew that, whatever his mind was, it could not be as ex- : traordinary as his looks and manners. You have "seen pictures of a ghost-made of a" turnip set oh a draped broomstick. His head was just that shape,' and' his eyes .were round, and his nose an irrelevant ,&£b of putty, and his clothes grotesque and flyaway. BUt he was very good-humored and friendly, and. when he had been about twenty minutes in the house he sat down On the heaSEhrug hud read -Schiller's poems to Ida and me. The poems seemed to exc.ite" him, and he soon got up and. began to tear about the room, and Ida said my chairs and little tables were in: his way. So we moved them as quietly as we could, and when Edward came in he asked if we had been dancing. By this time it was dusk, and Dr. Temsk, who is rather deaf and half blind, did not 'notice Edward, and ..suddenly earne st him out of a corner and said to him s in a loud, resounding voice, "Auch ich war in .Arkadien geboren," and Edward was quite startled alfd knocked down a Salviati glass and broke it But he owned whei. Dr. -Tomsk had gone that he certainly had-an extraordinary mind. "It Is like that old furniture shop you haunt,", he said to me, "crowded and hugger-mugger and out of hand. He is an- entertaining ass; but we might easily have too much of him." We did." I believe Ida's next swan will be a woman. She is full of an incomparable person called 'Amalie Boll. In my house affairs go a little wrong sometimes; we are not exempt, like Amalie Boll, from the ills of life or from its expenses. I can blunder; she cannot The people who serve me sometimes serve me badly. She only employs experts. She denies herself nothing, and, most miraculous of all, she spends nothing. "But how does she manage it?" I asked. "She is the most shrewd and capable of women," said Ida. "Amalie Boll," confided Edward to me, later, "I met her last lime I went to Eberheim; a gabbling, conceited, managing "woman, dressed in green plaid, with yellow stripes. She told me it was a real Rob Roy tartan. The kind of woman who will advise you and inform you about everything under the sun—incorrectly. I dined at her house. There were caterpillars in the cauliflower. I remember, because she made such a fuss when she noticed that I didn't ekt the ; cauliflower. I said I would rsrther net, and she was quite seriously offended. I couldn't help it. I hate caterpillars." If Ida offers to bring this lady with her next summer -Edward and I ha?e made up our minds to say that out sec- ond spare room is otherwise engaged. Edward says he can always use it for carpentering, and I really thihk that I would rather see shavings and sawdust there than Amalie Boil. Because after speaking to Edward about her I looked at her photograph in Ida's album, and I can quite believe what Ida suggests, that she would find fault with me and all my waiys, and make no bones about saying so. "Your house is very pretty," my cousin adfnits, "and your dinners are too; but it would shock Amalie Boll to see how ilttle time you devote to your household duties. She is in her kitchen the whole morning, and every scrap of food In the house is under lock and key; in the afternoon, assisted by a dressmaker who only charges-eighteenpence a day. she makes her clothes, and I assure you they look as if they came straight from Paris. In the evening she goes with her husband to a beer garden, or the theatre, or to visit friends, but never without her knitting. She is a pearl $mongK women." Nevertheless, Edward and I maintain that we shall prefer sawdust to pearls if we are driven- to make a choice next summer.—Mrs Andrew Dean, in "Westminster Budget." 