CATHOLICISM IN AMERICA. London, August 1. | Jn reference to the movement known a* '"Americanism" in the Catholic Church in the United States, His Holiness the Pope has issued an edict in whioh he lias com pletely crushed the aspirations of the party which has sought to liberalize the Church teachings and practice. The edict of His Holiness has the effect of "confirming the decisions arrived at by the Pan-American conclave of Bishops at Rome which considered the situation. In other word.?, the Pope is now extending throughout the United States the principles of Church government embodied in the practices of Latin Catholicism. The Rome correspondent of the "Times" recently wrote:—The long-expected letter from the Pope to Cardinal Gibbons on the subject which, rightly or wrongly, has been styled "Americanism^ appeared in the "Osservatore Romano/1 (renerally speak ing, the Encyclical is regarded as' a quali fied condemnation of those doctrines which have been associated with the name ' of Father Hccker, the founder of the Ameri can congregation of Paulists. The Ency clical, indeed, refers in a. tone of evident re proof to' three at least of the points em phasized in the works and in the biography of Father Hecfcer. The first is the neted for larger room for action of the Divine fforirit in the individual soul than is customarily supposed to be admitted by the Catholic Church; the second is the minor import ance of vows in religious fraternities; and the third point is the assumption that free dom from temporalities with the State, as in the United States, is the best possible condition for the development of the Catho lic Church. The Pope begins with lauda tory words to Cardinal Gibbons and the American Catholics, and, alluding to the many proofs of his goodwill which he has given them in tire past, he wishes them to see in this document another proof of.his affection for America, while he makes it dear that his present letter is one of warn ing and correction. He then speaks of the controversies which have arisen out of "The Life of Isaac Hecker," to which Arch bishop Ireland wrote a preface which -has been much commented upon, and which has been translated into various languages. The Jkpexis'cerefut »to distinguish -between the* ^f&gtjExnai; -fgpeejs of -the theories and - %seai^on« £<?V poetical - $&&plme;: He -MfVMgFlT the impossibility. of 'cMfrge in tte*fomer,frbik admitting that JtM necessity,. has £ ways been, recognised famf beted upon by theChureh of adapting points ^efdisciplhip'to tharequire^ 4tt£ £o defe^inrffietfcw and ^en npy ^ib j^p'; •■tationiff <4n be%»a<Ie. w • would be to share in the condemnation of .tojiu TheTnpe sjibse^aehtty wpodiajte^ft»J "untenable the principle that the definition, of Papal infallibility 1>V th e Vaiticam Couri- • .cil affords to individuals greater freedom of thought and "action. The Pope is careful" to my that he by . no mean* repudiates all, true progreeSof modern thought and crri* ; lization, which fee--welcomes "tee conducive 3 to human prosperityp but for it to fee really useful it must not lose sight of the autfeo rity and the teaching of the Church. He combats the theory that to-day the inter nal in Miration of the Holy, Ghost- has not to reckon with outward guidance. He re jects the theory which would ascribe to natural gifts a superiority over supernatural virtues. 