Sccrets of Long Life. In tho " Windsor Magazine " Mr, Fred M'Kcnzio given the views of many famoin men and women 011 tho uocrcb of long lifo. "Thoold superstition thai members of tho lloyal Family lead liven of luxurious caso is," ho says, " now almost dead. But no ono who kuowa anything of tho tul* ministration of tho, ttntish Army .could ovor ontcrUi'i tho ghost of Much a notion about His Koyal Highness tho Duko of Cambridge. Civilians can hardly realise tho way. in which, as Comiunn ler-in-CJhiof ho permeated tho wholo British Anny with his spirit of thoroughness, his hatred of favouritism, his contempt of tho ' fcath-r* bed.1 soldier, whatever . the rank-of that 'fcathcr>bod' aoldior might ha His greatest; monument remains in tho contrast between tho British Army immediately after tho Crimean War, and the anny when he resigned his Commandorship-in-Chief in the autumn of 189.;. To-day, though but a few months of! 80 years old, His Royal Highness still takes a very active part in lifo, as every newspiapor . reader knows. How has ho kept hi* strength so long ? Departing from the unwritten tradition which causes mcmbors of tho. Royal Family, as a rule, to refrain from taking part in symposia, his Kova I Highness has honoured mo ; with the ' following message, through his son, Colonel FiU-Georgo :—He ascribes his longevity to a good constitution, active lifo, and plenty of occupation and work.11 Tho Archbishop of Canterbury is practi cal and to tho point. He says:—'" I do not find tho burden of life heavy. I have ob served no particular rule about food, Ac., except not to eat or drink what I found to disagree with me. I have little doubt* tlint total abstinence from intoxicating liquors conduces to longevity. I know nothing for or against the use of tobacco, except that it is an annoyance to those who <lo not smoke. I cannot tell what has led to my having lived to nearly seventy-seven." Not tho least interesting is tho experience of Lord Farrer, our great political *ccono» mist, who Ls now in his eightieth year. Writing from Abinger-hall, ho says:—"As ono originally far from strong, who has out* lived matnr of his much stronger contem poraries, I do not hesitate to give you the following short and necessarily* incomplete replies to your <juestions. \\\ hcther grvat length of years is deairnblo is a question on which 1 express no general opinion It seems to me that the world grows kinder to ono as one grows older. The burden of life does not, so far as I can judge, In come increasingly heavy after the three score and ten to ono who it willing to sub mit to the limitations which years bring with them, to rvlax effort and curtail in dulgence in proportion to his diminishing strength ana capacity, and to regard with satisfaction others doing what he is no longer fit to do. As regards your further questions, I have been early and regular in my habits, butwith no particular rules. Speaking generally, it scents to me that the conditious which promote the continuance of health and strength are: plenty and variety of sound occupations and interests, pursued with keenness, but not in excess ; moderation not abstinence in eating and drinking, in energy and enjoyment, in work and play. I may add without t re* panning on deeper matters, of which this is not the ; place to speak, thot absence of personal i worry and kindly attitude towards others i are influential factors iu preserving health of mind and body." | 