UuWBAt, Oi Sundiy last the nc» pulpit gi fen to St. Jade's Church. Bowral. bv Mr. 1\. H. Keizwin. of wbiob tbe En. E. 8. Wil kinson Is rector, was dedicated for use by tbe Rav. - Willoaghby Flower, M.A*. of 8t. Mark's, Darlisg Point. After tbe Nhene Creed, Mr. Flower and tbe rector proceeded to tbe foot of the pulpit, the congregation standing, and Mr. Flower, after.. reading a arpropriste collect sanctioned by tbe Arch bishop of 8ydney« placing his band upon the palpit, taid ' To the glory of God and tbe ad ran cement of tbe Gospel of Christ among men, I hereby dedicate this palpit for tbe perpetual preaching therefrom of God's Holy Word. Ia the name of tbe Father, and of the Son, and of (he Holy Ghost. Amen.'1 Tbe palpit is a very handsome piecc of church furniture, constructed of quartered oak, and of Gothic design, made by the 6tm of Messrs. Walker, Son, and Bartholomew, George-streat, Sydney. A meeting waa held on Taeaday evening of delegatea from tbe various lodges of the district, with a view of holding a united de- monstratioo in aid of tbe foods of the district hospital. It wu decided to carry out a programme of sports, with a ball in the evening, on August 9. An accident occurred at the Gib-road on Wednesday evening. When descending the hill, Mr'.'Chalker met with a narrow e*. cape white driving a dray with two horses. The leader swerved off the road, being startled by a piece of piper, bringing the shaft horse and the dray over tbe rock em bankment three feet high, and captizirg both the borse and dray, and throwing Mrs. Cbalker several feat in tbe roadway, Mrs. Cbalkor who fortnnately escaped with injury to the left foot. Tbe adjourned Easter Bcbrawa-vg. tneetiog of St. David's' Church waa held on Tuesday, May Sod, at tbe chnrcb. The Rector in the chair. The debate on the resolution, which atood adjourned from last meeting, was continued, and was carried, so in future all financial business in connec tion with the chnrch will be transacted through the parochial acconnt. The annual report was adopted, other reports and tbe balance sheet were allowed to stand over. Mr. 0. Blencowe was appointed a sidesman. Mr. G. Irvine. Mill Hayter, and Miss Vance were appointed to fill the vacancies on the Ladies Committee. The anoual report and balancc-sheet of the Cburch of Eogland por tion of the cemetery was read and adopted. Messrs. G. Irvine and J. J. Vance were nominated to fill the vacancics caueeJ by two resignations. The uiual monthly meeting of the Band of Hope was beld on Monday night. The president, Rev. D. T. Smith presided. The meeting opened in the customary rnannor. The minutes of previous meeting were read and signed, ond the following programme was rendered : — Overture, Misa Smith ; recitation, Mr. J. Bcrnie ; sODg. Mica Dive (of Sydney) ; recitation, Mr. H. Mackey ; song, Mr. \V. Gilbert ; recitation, E. Hetherington ; song, Mr. Gawthorpe ; reci tation, Mr. S. MeBarron ; Bong, Mr. W. Ah Loy (encored) ; song, Mr. W. Gilbert ; rccitation, Mr. Gawthorpe. A cordial vote of thankB was then tendered to the visitoro, who helped in the programme. Tho meet ing then closed with a hymn and Bcnedic tinn. A draught match was played on Saturday night in the Oddfellows' Hall between the Robertson and Burrawang teams-, which I resulted in on easy win for Burrawcng. Total— Burrawang, 12} garaeo ; Hobert-on, 7} gamep. The rainfall for tho month of April ao registered by Mr. Btirton ot Burrawang waa I 0 lucheo 20 points. 