SI. PATRICK'S DAY SPORTS, TIPS BY BABNEY. S*. I'atriok'a Day is dose at band now, and thts events on the programme are likely to be well oootested. I think I can name a tew. winners, as I have bad tbe pleasure of seeing tbe oyoliata and tbe peds doing tbeir beat goes. and I think there will be a good days sport according to training. OyOKNO. I will deal with the cycling first, The three prinofpal races have almost the same eaWeaiof them, so I will give my opinion of the rideta oolleotivaly, MoNamara and Kieaslbaoh op scratoh I do not like t they are & bit too fM taok to get up, but of the two I like Mao, Warns X don't fancy, as I hear he is la basdaffffi Dowdell ia the next, and ie let ia light, foe big trainer says he is going to scoop the pool, and then win the Druid's Wheel Bsc? ia Mel* bourne, 0, Wilkinson is in a fair position, but he is not in form, BO X can't give him a chance* Dan MoNamara has been well handicaped, ana it will be hard to stop him from repeating his last year's performance, E. Bealey is siding well, and should win a s&oa; during tbe day» H. S. Wilson ia a bit too lasy to win a me, and as fa; as £ can aer> D, MoO&ftb;? baa not a ghost of a show, W, Hirta ia getting too slow to catch gfabsj and " My George " ia just the same. Sine, the sprinter, has a good ohaaoe if he does not tad ofi the uaok. A. Knight is in "Jjankea'a" stable, but Z think he has two dead heade^ and can't get a win. H. Pollook ia & fanoy tides* not a racer; BO let him go. The rest X have not eeon, BO I mast pass them. The Half Mile should finiah-^Dowdell, 1st: D&n; Mao, 2ad 1 Bealey, Srd. Fo? the Mile! iike-R. Besley, let; Dan Mao, 2nd: Dowdell, Srd, Tha Wheel Raoa should finfab-Dowdell, let} Dan Mao, 2ad j Bealey, 3rd. If this should be ap« SRt it will be by Dave Mao. Tbe Novloe ZUoa should finish-I. Renfrey,!; A, Williams, 21 A. Knight, 8, FOOTBAOING, The Si, Patrick's Day Handicap has a lot of eutriea, but I don't think they will all face tha barrier. Of thoae Z have seen doing & epriot I will give my opinion. M. Preeco ia a likely starter, and, being a strong runner, will take e lot of beating. " Slippery Sam," 10 yafda, I ? doo't fanoyj Martienaou, on the e&iae; mark, if on the big aide. N. Anderson is aades hia old trainer, "Jobbie," who h&s; him fit, and aaya the one that beats Nia will win, T. Sallf. van, 12 yards, is dangerous, and from what 2 hear from hia trainer, " JaoU Moloney," be ia very well. Jack s&ya; if XXX do&'S make him win it ought to. J. O'Oonno? is the shot bird for this, and ought to win if he is well, 0, Ashley is having a go egaln, bui Z think he is a bit oufcol&ssed.; Q. M&rtlenaen; 1B ia good form, and should run well, but 1 don't tbiok he can win. SJfaa reat Z have not seen-they have thete own tracks-and 1 think the winner is in tbe lot 1 mentioned. My faney ia-J, O'Oonnos 1, Q< -Martieuaea 8, N. Anderson 8. If thie N upset it will be by T, Sullivau, The Hurdle R&oe; is nest, audi should be a fair raoe. Oa tbe sprints I have seen I ^iU give the tip. M. Preeoa (8 yds.) is & bit of A champion over the etioks, and will sun well. J. O'Connor ia going foe the double, bat Z don't think it will come ofi, W, Goldisg ia training on tbe Mount Gambles raoaeotsree, so ? he will want all training to win. J. Preeaa has had hard luok in his raosa, but should wis this time. G. Martienaon is fa with 15 V&rdia; and they think he has a show. I think I have again dealt wltb the favorites, and they should flnieh~J. Preeca 1, W. Goldiug 2, J. O'Connor. 8, If this be upaet it will be by M, Preeed, The Mile Kace will eauae e> good deal of exoitemeat, and ehouid be a good faaa if ihif are all at&stara;} but X am afraid they woa'k ail get to the poat. I fancy J. R. Barry (eer.) ia to have a sun. Bis trainer, H Tom?' said he is sugaring from a bad ankle, but with embro« cation he will ba well. J. E. Morrissoy is 1b foem, but X think bo is too olo^, W, Bordetfe ia the dead bird foe thiB, but ho &R3; coS WOQ yat. Tha ''QusBa's Avenue" pim!i ara putting all tueie beana on bioi. W. Widdiaoa baa baen a fair mm ove? tba distance, but I don't think bo will jet to tfcs tape first. Aga will tell oa bim. G. Wluter« field baa baea doing his raoa oa tha Poll Mag* Dcnaell boaoh. and having his sea bath | bo uq must ba in good form. G. Brett ia usdev "Little Wattio'a" care, ead tbo "Modesty Cottage " push think he ie the only one ia lt< J. Hartmann ia a fair lad foe thla dlateuea, and if ia form will near win. Joa Mour&nt; Ifi" under bis trainer, Herry, who saya ho is IB good Etiok. He has been living on roast t&bbitt; aud although a bit big be oan stay &s; long aa ft boy ia & lolley shop. W. Benme? aad A. 0. L tokwood are ia good form, but I don't tbioh either has a show, although I hea? Loeky ia backing himself, Foe cay ohoiea I IiMe«»W» Burdett, 1} W. Widdieon, 2] G. Brett, 8, If this is upaet it will be by Q. Wiuteifleld. 