SARAH BERNHARDT AS HAMLET. ' "La Trnglqne Illstolro d'Hamlet, Prince de Daheninvk, drnme eu quluzo tableaux do AVllilain . Slinks pen re," adds yet another ' lo Madame Sarah Bernhnrdt's long , record of splendid successes.: AVliat, would Sarah Bern- hardt'S: Hnuilet -be like?, AVe all put the question Inwardly, 'writes the' "Dally . Tele- .graph" critic, nud,. some of ns. are afraid ' to reply. . Madame. surah Bernhardt appeared, utid -swept- every doubt, and "appi-oheiislou away.; - Hamlet, bitter and Ironical, stood before, the King and bis mother, burst out querulously wltli, "Seems, madam! nay, It Is; I know not seems," was left chafing I11 help- less- anguish -to himself, and a hesitating house was taken by storm. Then came the ghost scene. Quiet and sceptical, Hamlet stands talking with Horatio, springs sudden ly. away from him, and Uiugs himself to Ills knees in awestruck agony before the spectre. This time Mailamc Bernhardt wrought emo tion to Its highest pitch. Each succeeding scene was, ns far. as -the great actress was concerned, a now revelation In the l'btoiilus scene her manner was Intensely' quiet ami reflective. Her reading of ".Wolds, . words, words-' was curiously meditative ami seri ous.. In the scene Willi ltosciierautz and Guilderstern she gave to Hiiinlel's tones and manlier 11 fantastic extravagance that was ns original as effective. The speeches to the players were both perfect, spoken with brilliant wit and dellghtul simplicity. The soliloquy was per haps a little wanting lu variety, 'hut iir the scene with Opliellii Madame Snrnli Bern hardt, was magnificent. There. was a sharp pungency .In the times of her voice, a hard ness, and a nervous force in the tits and (starts of her manner, seldom displayed I11 :tho play scene Madame Bernhardt 'perhaps put too feminine 1111 eagerness Into h„i- atti tude when she sprang up to watch the king :Who was seated on 11 dais raised so high that ;IIrtiiilct could only see -him bv, standing iin mill peering over l he edge of 'the bniiistraile In front; -As- far as stage business Was con cerned, the dramatic, contusion ami- Impres sion of terror nt. the close, of the scene was admirably rendered. T|ic figure of llamlct seizing a torch am! rushing exultantly uhiiut the stage was Intensely Impressive. I hi'u-dlv liked Madame ; Sarah Bernhardt ns well hi the scene w.lth.thc Quuen, except nt the end when she gave a magnificent picture df the conflict of various overwhelming emotions lhe giavediggers' scene, like the soliloquy was rather colorless, hut Madame Snrnli Bernhardt h Hnuilet watching the burial afterwards, then realising whose silent and uubunored funeral It is, springing forward, grappling Willi Laertes, and crying out thnt forty -thousand -brothers could' not -malic up the. sum of Ids love,, rose to' tlio cxtrcmest height of tragedy. The Inst scene was al- . must, If not quite equally, as good 