' NEWS IN BRIEF. i Dr. Fmser, the victim of the St, Kilda shooting episode, continues to improve. Tho next general meeting of the Perth Municipal Council, at which the new councillors will be sworn in, will take place on December 1, j After negotiations extending over many years the United States Govern ment has at last consented to establish a parcels post exchange with New Zea land. , Arnold U. Henn, late assistantpay mastor in the Railwty Department, who was charged at the Criminal 'Court yes terday with the laroeny of £125 0s. 4d,, was acquitted. Mr. C..H. Powell, of Roebourno, is now engaged, in getting together a two-ton rat of Whim Creek copper ore, for dis play at the Paris Exhibition. Ma1, Powell, . who is a first-class amateur photographer, intend* to 'forward o series of photographs descriptive of tho Nor'-West scenery. At Bathurst (N.S.W.) yesterday, -'in man who was passing a house near the gaol was attracted by an offensive smell, and found the body of a main in an ad vanced stage of decomposition. The body proved to be that of Wm. Jewell, who has been acting caretaker of the .house, An accident happened last night to Mr. French, a resident of Victoria Park. Mr. French was driving aorosa the Causeway bridge at 8 o'clock, when hi» pony shied int a bicycle, and overturned the vehicle, Mr. French was thrown out, and sus tained severe bruises on his back, but was able to proceed to his home. The pony managed to break loose, but was subsequently caught; On Saturday afternoon lost, the. chief clerk of the Customs Department of ?Victoria (Mr. R. H. Dawson), who is on a visit to this colony, was entertained by the collector of Customo (Mr. Clayton T, Mason) and several of his principal officers. ' The Government kindly lent the steam launch Cygnet for the occa sion, and the party made an enjoyable trip round the harbor ? and on the river to Perth and back. -' 'Mr. W. M. Nasih, an official connected with the Customs Department, Fre mantle,. met with a painful accident while prqeeeding to North Fremantle on Friday last. He wa» alighting from a 'bus, when he slipped and fell, sustaining a. fr aoture of .the shoulder and leg. Mr, Nash is at present an inmate of Mrs. Hendy's private hospital, Mandurah-' road, where it will be necessary for him to remain far Eome time. His medical attendant states that the patient will be unfit to resume his duties for at least five weeks. . . One of tho spectators1 at the declara tion of the poll at the Town-hall last night, Mr, t Walter R. Knight, well known both' in Perth' and in Kalgoorlie, met with a rather serious accident, Mr. Knight was standing on a chair, when he fell on the floor. He fractured his left leg juet above the ankle.' Firemen Thomson and Scott, who were present, bound up the injured leg, and the auf. f erer was conveyed on a stretcher to the Perth Hospital, where he was attended by Dr. Thomson, and admitted as a patient. Dr. Black, the acting principal medical officer, has returned to Perth after having inspected the hospitals on the eastera and great southern districts. During the tour he visited the institutions at Newcastle, Nartham, York, and Albany, and at the last-named town he nlso inspected the quarantine station.while at Beverley and Katanning he visited the resident medi cal officers. The hospitals, with the ex oeptionof that at Newcastle, which was empty,' were scarcely half full, and everywhere Dr. Black learned thnt the health of the people was very good, de spite' the fact thai influenza was pre-. valent..;' All the hospitals' -appeared to be well-kept, and in assati&factory; con dition. At the quarantine station, he. found.that one or wo alterations' in con nection with the disinfecting machinery would have to bo made, Last week the Public Service Board in Victoria advertised fov 30 junior olovks mid it received 079 outside, applications and 379 from persons in the service? A mail for the eastern colonies will close at the General Pofit-office, Perth, at 1.15 p.m. to-morrow (Wednesday, No vember 22), 'for fronsmisBion in tho R.M.S, Victoria. The intercolonial tennis tournament, was concluded in Melbourne yesterday, New South Waies won a total of 355 games, against Victoria 345, gaining a victory by three points, on© rubber and ten games, ? A man name Charles Hucker was found floundering about in Lake Wen douree, Ballarat, last night, When as Ri&tanoe; came he called out, 'Leave me alone. I want to shuffle off this mor tal coil.' He was fished out and at tended to, ' ^Reports received from ? the earliest Victorian agricultural districts . show that the stripper returns are highly sat isfactory, and the grain is well filled. Unless unforeseen circumstances occur, the .estimates of the year's yield will be realised. - The New South Wales chief stock in spector's report dealing with 1898 shows thnt the number. of cattle decreased by eighty thousand, the , total being 1,886,300. The decrease in sheep was two and a quarter million, the total be ing 41,250,000. The total wool clip was 223,968,8331b. Tho report states that all the colonies, including iNew Zea land, Tasmania, and Western Australia, are now officially declared to be free from scab, \- According to a report received -from Blayney (N.S.W.) some consternation has jbeen caused among the miners at the copper mine by the visitations of a ghost, ? In one of the shafts the men hear strange noises, bells ringing1, ssigh iags, and groanings, and the miners going below have their candles extin guished by a supposed supernatural visi tor. . Some six men have left the mine owing to the terror the ghost, has in spired, The Education Department has ap proved of the following appointments being made at the various schools named:— Miss G. Munohin, to be a pu pil teacher at Guildford; Mr. H. W. Kettle, to be an assistant at the Perth Boys' School j Mr. J, M, Thompsett, to be an assistant at Midland Junotion; Miss Mi Frederick, to be head teacher at Cranbrookj Miss A. M. Toal, to be assistant at Coalvilie ; Mr, E, J, Hayes, to be assistant at Highgate ; Mr. W. J, Emanuel, to be first assistant at Subi aco j Miss Florence Flaherty, to be sew ing mistress at Picton ; and Mrs. M'Cul loch, to be head teacher at Kin-tore, 