DIHAMONDS &DESTI; N A Rlemrkable Story of )Discovery and Adventure.. PART IX. 'he end of the..world:must be .r coming,' gasped the 'bank manager, whose deathly.'pale face ;gave proof c of the: excitementiunder which he t laboured., ' Good ;heavens .I think thatiman was Wills !' .. . - 'But' are you sure, Mr. Forbes. f Mightn't you : be mistaken.? . I've known Ben Wills for nine years, and a a better man there never was. Are you sure?' asked the constable. ' As sure as I am alive at tuis very a moment. Didn't you hear his'voice, g too,`.and that ought to be enough. Yet.what can the motive. be of the 11 second attack ? Poor Marlow has followed the sergeant, brutally mur- e dered,' spoke Forbes I ' What are you. going to do, Wal- r lace ? ~queried the trooper. . ~ l'm going toy Goulburn in spite .of. alt?theiuffianslin the hush. : It's come' to a-badpass -when-men like Wills should turn highwaymen. The'mails are still hi the coach, and I'1, take I them if I have to go alone,' answered the intrepid driver. ' t's like tempting fate, Alex, but a if you go so will I. There would be no use in these ruffians killing one of r us now, for all of us have the clue. Unless they can massacre every mother's son in this house they can't r escape detection,' spoke Constable Moss. ? 'Shure. an'. they might try that same. Bedad, we'll have to be on i our guard anyway,' interrupted Brady e in a serious voice t 'Then let one-half of us stay here and the other lot go on to Goulburn. t I'll go or stay, just as you like,' said I Constable Moss. Acting on the courageous resolve t of Driver- Wallace, it was soon de cided that'the journey should be con tinued though the risk was undoubtedly very great. So far none of the attacked party had connected Alfred Marlow 'with the outrage. The fact that their ill-tated fellow traveller had met his death on what was expected to be his wedding-day was clear 'enough, but it was looked upon as a misadventure in .connection with an attack for plunder. The real motive did not dawn upon the.party at the time, or they might have been less fearful of attack. .The natural conclusion was that the return of the highwaymen was due to a desire to-secure the mails, which had apparently been 'overlooked. How fateful that second onset was the reader can probably guess. Had it not been for the death-grip of poor lMarlow on the false- beard of Ben Wills the perpetrators of the Braid wood coach , robbery might never have been discovered, and the history of the League of Braidwood would have remained unwritten. As it was, a strong clue was afforded, and even in death Marlow avenged himself. After waiting for nearly an hour without any signs of the highwaymen being seen, Wallace boldly left the shelter of the house and secured his coach and team.- The horses had been standing quietly near the stable, and there was no difficulty to such an 1 experienced driver in getting them under control and bringing the vehicle to the back door of Brady's house. It was then agreed that Constable Moss and two of the passengers should travel inside the coach, each being well armed and on the alert for an attack.' Therconstable considered it would be safer for him to take an outside seat than ride openly on horseback, from which he could easily be shot down froni an ambush. There was no possibility of 'Val lace so securing himself, but he was used-to danger, and did. not shrink from' the pril. ' Besides he had a plan resolved on which might add to the' safety of. himself .and the pas sengers. -After-removing the body of Marlow and placing it beside that of Sergeant Mitcham, the coach left on its journey to0Goolburn, but under very different' circumstances to its arrival at Brady's. Forbes remained behind with a pas sedgernamed Donald, and with Brady and Sam they felt eqiial to defending themselves against probable attack. ,After going about half a mile from Brady's along the. direct road. to Goulburn, Driver .Wallace 'suddenly, turnied his teamn into the low scrub' wiich fringed the side of i range andi plunige into the bush, much'.to ,the strprise of the coach inmates'.'., W .Vht's the matter, Alex?' asked the trooper, puttiig.his head outthrough the. indow and looking up. ' I'm going to try a bush track. Our lives wouldi't be worth a penny piece if we keep on' the main road. Those rascals are waiting for us sure enough,: responded the driver. ,'You think they will be at the big gap ?? sked Moss. I do, inid if'we can turn that spot altwillbewell. Leave mealohenow, Moss, and:look outfor the thieves and muirderers, for it will take in all NI;y tiine to --steer along,' cirtly diswered thIedriver. - -~!rhis was true enough, for theroute •takei by Wallace seemed an utterly impracticable one, and perhaps none but a daring fellow impell?d by a deep sense of danger would.have taken-it. For.five lofig houirs he guided the teamn 'tlirtkigh obstacles which would have deterred almost anyone, and itwas just.uipon suniset when: to" the rjoyd?d£ -hIimself and his companions the coach emerged on thle lugh road. This ii~s at a poiint' someff..four riiiles ohn:the Gdulbur'yside of the dreadedl-Big Gap, and asiVYillace wlipped "up tii' jaded team he felt that the: great danger was over. In that belief he: was right, for (oulbum was reached safely'iad thealarni given. a"it as Constable Moss who pro ceeded to the Royal Hotel immediately after he had reported the tragedy at Brady's to his superior officer. He knew a that the murdered man Marlow' had to meet Michael Farnham and his daughter Rose at that place, and the errand which the constable took was not by any means a pleasant one. So far none but the police and a few others knew the particulars of. the tragedy, and Moss felt that it was his. duty to enlighten the Farnhams re garding the matter, for they must be full of anxious expectancy., He was shown into a private room at the large hotel, and in a few minutes Michael Farnham, the owner of Narrigo Station, entered. He was a man of some fifty years of age, with grizzled beard and face, the lines of which showed theowner had 'roughed it' in his time. The mouth was firm, whilst the sharp chin and keen steel.. grey eyes gave evidence that Farnham possessed more than a fair share of resolution and determination. The constable was known to the owner of: Narrigo, for his first words were: ' What keptyou so late, Moss ? On a day.like this, above all others.' 'There has b'een trouble, sir; but' I'm sorry you and Miss 'Farnham should be disappointed. I-' ' Oh, it was the gold I was thinking about, not the approaching marriage. What happened? A smash.?' inter rupted the squatter in an off-hand manner. ' Far worse than that, sir,' sulkily responded the constable, nettled by the manner of Farnham. 'The coach has been attacked and robbed.' 'Robbed ! the devil it has, and pray what were you doing, Moss? Are you aware I was interrested in the gold carried to some extent?' W\Vell, it has all gone, and more than that, too. There, have been precious human lives lust, and so far as I'm cont e:ned I did my duty, Mr. Farnham, as I always do,' responded the constable in an aggressive manner. ' Human lives lost, did I hear you say ?' interrupted a low sweet voice as the half-open door was pushed back and a young woman entered the room. The speaker appeared to be about twenty-two or twenty-three years-of age, and though not what might be reckoned handsome, there was an ex pression in her face which was good to see. She was rather under than over middle stature, and her figure was slight. The deep grey. eyes and resolute mouth proclaimed her a daughter of Michael Farnham, though the magnificent tresses of golden hair which crowned the well-shaped head did not correspond with the jet-black locks-now being tinged with grey of her father. The conltable looked confused at the entrance of Rose Farnham-for she it. was-and for a few moments did not reply. Then he said. - ' There has been trouble with the 13raidwood coach, Miss, and I was just telling your father.' 'Trouble ! Of what sort? Did I not hear you say there were lives lost?' queried the girl, changing colour. ' The gold has been taken, Miss,' evasively ahswered Moss. ' Is that all ?' pointedly asked Miss Farnham. ' Well-no, not quite all. I will tell your father about it,' -blurted out the trooper. ' Tell him and then I will listen.. Perhaps it concerns me,' spoke Rose Farnham in a tone of anxiety. ' The fact is, Sergeant Mitcham was killed to-day at Brady's by four high waymen who surprised us and stole four boxes of gold.' 'And where were you, Moss?' in tenupted Farnham for the second time. - 'I was sent in by the sergeant to have some refreshment with the pas sengers. There was no one at the coach butthe sergeant. We managed to drive the ruffians away, but they got the gold,' said Moss. ' Locking the stable-door when the steed is stolen,' sneered the squatter. ' If you had been there you could not have done any more than we did; It's all very well to talk about a matter you don't understand, sir. These four men were bent on murder, and were not content with gold. They made a second attack and killed another of our party-one whom you are interested in,' indignantly retorted Moss.' . 'Ah !. a second attack!' muttered the squatter sinking into a chair with a vague sense of?imipeding evil." - ":f Who was', it,: dMoss? Let.us know,' he fiercely spoke, rising to his feerin suppressed agitation. \--' Alfred Marlow,' said the constable in low tones, looking towards the girl and expecting a scene.. :_Inthat he ,was disappointed, for the squatter showed infinitely more perturbation than his daughter. Miss Farnham certainly turned'deadly pale, and with a gasp sank down on the sofa beside which she had been standing; The owner of Narrigo Station, how= ever, seemed absolutely paralysed with the announcement, -and:-'for nearly a minute remained' in dazed silence. Then with an effort he shook off the lithargy and sasid in a cjnfused voice .: . 'You mean to tell me that Marlow was killed in this attack. Did he re: sist the robbery, or ho? did it come about ? Surely there must be a mis-. take, Moss. , :: I Iiam sorry t iyat sis t?o true. Marlow was sitting inthe coachwith .F res whlen the 'fourriffians galloped up and shot him. He mianaged to puilli te false beard ;lff one of the muirderers,.and he has been i?ecog nanted the squatter. - .: B?' en Wills, of the Shoalhaven Store and public-house. He. . A low, gasping cry from Rose Farnham interrupted Constable Moss, and turning, he saw that the girl. had regained her feet and was standing pale as a ghost and trembling- lmost violently. 'Wills ! Did you say Wills?! she asked. 'Yes, Miss Farnham, it was Ben' Wills sure enough, as Wallace and Forbes can 'prove. W1ho .the other three were we don't yet know, though the clue obtained willsoon be followed up. We had a rare job to get here, sir,' Constable Moss continued, turning to' the squatter. 'These fellows would have killed every- one' of us if. they could so'as to destroy' identification. Wallace is certain they were waiting for us at the Big Gap, but he took a bush road and got round the place.' ' 'And where-where is Mr.' Marlow now?' "asked Farnham, not heeding the constable's recital. 'At Brady's. A party of mounted. policemen will be leaving for there in half-an-hour's time,: so the inspector told me. The magistrate starts at day light, and. I'm going with him,'. ex plained Moss. ........... ',I'll gq.to Brady's with the constable,. Ros e;and-you" had better 'stay' here until .this affair' is settld,'..suddeiily spoke the squatter. ' I would much rather go home, father. I can easily get across without you,' answered Rose. . Why can't you stay here ?' repeated her father. ,For several reasons. One is that I don't care to be poirited at as an object of curiosity.. This affair will be on everybody's 'lips to-morrow, and I would rather go home.' 'Well, do so, Rose. I'll make arrangements with Grainger to send you over, and I will be able to let you'. know all aboutihis affair when I return. It is best I 'should 'go on' to Brady's and look after poor Marlow's affairs. 1He hasn't a relative in the colony that I know of,' answered the girl's father as he left the room to make prepara tions for his early iporning's journey. ,' Who was with Wills, Mr. Moss?' suddenly asked Rose Farnham as the squatter went out It whs not the question so much as the tone' of it which almost startled the trooper. 'None of us can tell, Miss Farnham. When Marlow was shot a tall young fellow dressed like a sailor was along side the coach. Of the other two, one was got up as a negro or a blackfellow, and the other was a stout clean-shaven fellow.' 'These were disguises, I suppose,' queried Rose. 'Of course they were, but we'll soon penetrate them with the clue we've got. The telegraph is already at work, and the police from Braidwood have gone out to Wills' place by this time to arrest him on suspicion,' explained the constable. 'But will he be there? If the party' is lying in wait at the' Big Gap, how can they bavegone. back to the Shoal-, haven ?' pertinently ' asked' the. girl, though "her voice 'treminbled with anxitty. ' . ' To BE COs'xrnrD. 