BEECHER WENT UNSPANKED. A sew story o£ Henry AVnrd Beecher has been given to "tlio world by I)r. E. It. Cresaey. It was n story of Dr. Crossey's boyhood. One day his mother left the house, cautioning linn ana ills orocners thut they must be very quiet nnd not romp while sho was gono. There was a hairbrush with which Mrs. Cresaey was wont to punish violations of the domestic statutes when any such occurred in her well-ordered household, and the youngsters promised to be good, and remained as still as mice. Presently Mr. Beecher arrived to mako a call on the Crcsseys, and found no ono to receive him but demure-looking boys. A Hash of anticipation camo into his oyes as ho joyously told his young hosts to prepare for the romp of their lives. « But mamma told us wo mustn't romp,' . protested the future doctor of philosophy. « I'll tako all the responsibility,' replied . the great preacher. ' jJi When Mrs. Cressey neared the house on alter return sho heard indications of a small riot. Filled with indignation at this unheard of rebellion in her quiet little republic, sho rushed into the house with words of stern rebuko trembling on hor tongue. At tho door sho paused, petri fied- . \- , Henry AVard Beecher was flat on Ins back on the floor, with a parcel of young Indians apparently dnneing a ghost danco on his prostrato form, nnd emitting shrill yells. The appearance of tho avenger instantly froze all tho rebols into silent consternation, oxcepting tho nrch-insur- gent. Climbing to his feet tho unabashed clergyman said : ' Mrs. Crcssoy, I promised my friends hero to toko all tho responsibility for this outbreak, and '—hero ho reached for tho hairbrush, and presented it to her with a Chesterfieldian bow—' I am ready to take wlrotover is duo them. You may begin at once." But for onco tliero was an infraction of tho laws in tho Cressey household tl(at was not punished. Mr. Beecher wont un- spanked. — It iH said that when Fanny Crosby, tho blind hymn-writer, composes hor hymns, sho withdraws into a room whore, sitting alone with a litdo hymn-book pressed to hor brow, she allows her thoughts full play. When tho liymn is composed she dictates it to an amanuensis. ner memory .is luiiiumaoiu .w .... instance of this sho states that she was onco asked to writo tho words of forty hymns, tho titles of which were read to licr.' .Thoso titles sho rotained in her memory, and otio by ono sho composed tho; hymns. .When tho forty were finished she ' dictated thorn, titles and all, to an amanuensis ; sho has written over 2,000 hymns. Tiie' defeat of tho Barbarians, at Cardiff, in tho first match of their Christ mas tour was ono of great soverity, inflicted,' too, nfter tho losers bod scored tho first points in tho game. Tho result was': Cardiff, 29 points; Barbnrians, 3. Tho Barbarians nro genorally supposed to include tho croain of England Rugby talont, but was, on this occasion, much bolow strength. The Wostgato-on-sea football team ojeo a versatilo body of men. Until well into Dccomber they dovoto thomselves to tho national pastimo, and afterwards to hockey. 