Out Tuesday's Tale. THE HAUNTED HUT. WILL WARLEIGH and myself had been out shooting all the afternoon, and when the evening shadows began to hide the scenery from our eyes, and the birds had ceased calling, we gathered some wood and lit a fire. From a waterhole near by we filled the "billy," and as the roaring flames sprang up we pulled a log over near the fire and sat down for a rest and to enjoy the warmth, for the night air was chilly. The water was soon boiled, and I made some tea while Will got ready some bread and potted meat and jam that we had brought, with us. After tea I made up the fire, piling a few big sticks on—for there was plenty of dead wood lying about where we had camped— and then we stretched ourselves out comfortably. We had been reclining at ease for ten minutes, perhaps, and had not spoken. It was too monotonous. I thought, for neither of us had complained of weariness, so turning to Will I said: "Will, old man, tell me a yarn. Something about your old bush days, if you can." "Well," he replied, slowly turning towards me, "I feel almost too lazy to talk, and I could bask in front of this fire all night without moving, like a cat. But I will try and spin you a yarn of my droving days if it will interest you" "Fire ahead," I answered. That's just the sort of yarn to interest me. He cleared his throat, pushed a piece of wood further into the fire with his foot and then began: "It's about ten years ago now and I remember it as well as if it was only yesterday. I was droving a small mob of cattle, and my mate not being quite ready when I started I decided to go without him, leaving him to catch up to me on the morrow. It was a cloudy sky all day, and when towards night time it commenced to rain I was not at all surprised. I put on my oilskin when it first started to come down, but it was miserable riding in the rain. However, we drovers are accustomed to take things pretty philosophically, and with my pipe turned upside down I rode behind the cattle, patiently waiting till I reached the camping ground for the night—some three miles further on. My way there, however, just cut through the corner of a run, and ahead of me I saw through the misty rain a hut looming into view with a good yard attached. Here was a fine place, I thought, to stop till the morning. The place seemed gloomy enough as I rode up, and I shuddered a little as I thought of the story associated with it." "What was it ?" I asked interrupting him. "Oh, some bushman had murdered his mate there, and it was said that the ghost of the murdered man walked the house. I had often heard the place called the 'Haunted Hut,' and no one would dare to stop there. I was cold and hungry, however, and not given to belief of superstitions, so I yarded my cattle and made myself snug inside the hut. It was twilight, and I knew the light wouldn't last more than a quarter of an hour, so I hurried myself and got some wood, most of it damp and wet, and after a great deal of trouble got a fire burning as it grew dark. I soon made some tea, and had a feed, and then I lit my pine and lay on the floor in front or the dying fire, my head and shoulders resting against my saddle. I felt too lazy to go out for more wood just then and resolved to leave it till the morning, But on second thoughts I called myself a lazy blockhead, because if I left it till the morning I would most likely get no fire at all, for the wood would be too wet. So I heaved a sigh, got up and went outside, and presently came back with a big armful of wet wood. This I threw down beside the fireplace—such as it was—and then, putting some more on the fire, which was nearly burnt out, I once more reclined lazily on the floor. "I suppose I must have dozed off over my pipe, for the next thing I knew was that I had awakened from my sleep and that the fire was gone out save for a few red embers that glowed fitfully among the ashes. I could hear the rain outside still pouring down, and that indolent feeling that we all sometimes experience came over me as I lay with my head resting against the saddle. I closed my eyes again. When I next opened them, a minute or two after, I became conscious of two fiery eyes glaring at me from the side of the fireplace. It was very dark inside, and I confess that I felt seared. They seemed so uncanny; and a mournful cry, caused by the wind blowing fiercely through the roof where a shingle or two had come off, made me feel cold and clammy all over. "Presently, as I watched the two eyes, and thought all the while of the murdered man, they disappeared, but only to reappear again a moment or two afterwards. I felt fascinated, and could not take my eyes off those shining orbs. Then they moved again, and I saw some thing white close to the eyes. I felt I must move, or cry out, or do something. Slowly and with quaking limbs I arose, hesitated for a minute, and, then advanced towards the eyes. When I was a little closer, and after I had stood up, I noticed that the eyes seemed quite near the door in an unnatural position, when a piteous ' M-i-a-o- w-ow' greeted me. "My fright disappeared like magic, and I burst into a laugh. 'Puss, puss, puss,' I cried. Come on pussy, and I bent down and held out my hand. A big white cat came towards me, mewing as it walked, and the next moment I was stroking its soft fur. "Well," I thought to myself as I replenished the fire with a bit of paper and some wood about five minutes afterwards, 'well, the ghost is laid now. I was a fool to be had like that.' 'But, you know,' he added, looking me in the eyes, 'the bravest of men feel afraid sometimes when they are alone, though they may be brave enough when they have company, even though their company be cowardly. "Next morning, after I had had breakfast, a man rode up as I was just going to get my cattle on the way again, and said : 'Hallo! are you droving for Mr. Kennedy?' 'Yes' I answered. Where did you camp last night? he asked. 'In here,' I answered, pointing to the hut. 'What ?' he said incredulously, not in there, did you? Don't you know that place is haunted? Surely you know the story attached to the place. Why, I can't get a man to sleep in there for love or money. You know I am Mr. K—, and this is part of my station.' Oh, I answered lightly, I think I have laid that ghost. I knew all about the place, but I didn't care, for I don't believe in the silly idea of ghosts. Come in here Mr. K—, and I'll show you the ghost. He stared at me for a minute, but when I hitched my horse up and went to the door he dismounted and followed. I took him inside, and showed him the old white cat, who was busily engaged feeding on a bit of salt junk I had left for it. He had a good laugh when he saw the ghost, you may be sure. Before I rode away he gave me a sovereign for laying the ghost, and paid me the .compliment of saying that he reckoned I was a plucky man. If he had seen me when I first saw the eyes, though, he might have thought differently." He concluded his remarks by adding, "I'm going to have a smoke now," and as he began to cut his tobacco I thanked him for the story, put some more wood on the fire and then sitting down relit my pipe, which had gone out in the interesting portion of the story where the "shining eyes" were predominant. 