SELECTED COMMITTEEtS \ AME.NDMENTS. FOR the. Selected Committee to pro pose amendments to the Common wealth Bill was in itself ridiculous in *the- extreme, and naturally made the members the laughing stock of Aus tralia. What rendered their action still more bsurd is that the amend ments ther suggest would not, even if they could be adopted, improve the position of West Australia in the Federal sense. They are, in fact, in direct opposition to the best interests and to the wishes of the residents of the colony, and nowhere in Aus tralia than here are they likely to be more severely condemned. The first amendment advocated; by the Selected Committee is framed for the purpose of striking a blow at the rights of the majority of the electors, and especially goldfields' residents. The amendment in question gives power to the Perth Parliament to di vide the colony into electorates for the purpose of electing six Senators, and thus. abolishing the wise provision in the Commonwealth Bill for the -whole province to vote as one con stituency for members of the Federal Senate. It is an open secret that the Selected Committee made this recolm mendation because they know that the goldfields would have a preponderance .of voting power for a Senate elected in accordance with the terms of the Commonwealth Bill. The political nobodies who constituted the Committee are anxious to introduce into the Federal Parliament the poc ket borough evil that has doneso much injury already in West Australia. The fact is that it is only through the med ium-of pocket boroughs that any of the pettifogging Perth politicians Would have the ghost of a chance of getting into the Federal Parliament. With West Australia as a single electorate none except able, broad-minded poli ticians would be returned, and their efforts for the advancement of the pro vince would no doubt be a marked im provement on what was done by the self appointed delegates to the yarious Fed eral, conventions. It is now admitted by all that these gentlemen were' iitterly incapable of watching the interests of West Australia, and the mass of the residents do not want useless indivi duals of that class to represent them in the Federal Parliament. As we have often already pointed out the second of the Selected Committee's amend ments, which authorises the Federal Parliament to constrict the interco loniial rail.way, is quite unneces sary. South Australia is fglly as anxious as West Australia f9r the construction of th9 lice. The leading authorities in that :colony haive stated so over and over again, and that their word is doubted by the Committee is due to the narrow minded suspicious nature of the mem • bers, who judge others by their own low political standard. The third amend *tent urged by the Committee is scarce s ly less :objectionable than that regard ing the Senate. It is that West Aus tralia should have the right, for a period of five years after the imposition of uniform duties of Customs, to impose duties of Customs on importations: from the other States of the Common wealth, and from all places beyond the limits of the Commonwealth. This proposal would have the effect of prolonging the period during which the consumers must stagger under an al most, intolerable burden. The majority \- of the people woulddhave preferred that West Aiistralia should receive the benefits of intercolonial free trade im mediately on entering the Union, but in their eagerness for Federation they are willing to accept the five years' sliding scale provided in the Commonwealth Bill, They also hope that before the end of that.period men would be re turned toý the Perth Parliament who would sweep away all the fiscal barriers between this and the eastern colonies. The fourth and last of these preposter ous amendments suggested by the Com mittee would give to the Perth Par liamiient complete control over all rail way freights and charges in the colony for the five years during which the right to impose duties of Customs would con tinue, and the inter-State Commission would not be able to interfere till after that period. In other words, the domi nant minority in West Australia want to. retain to !themselves the right to finan \- cially bleed the goldfields by means of the railways. All right-thinking persons must object to leaving to such a- no torious body as the Perth Parliament the right to thus exploit the many for the benefit of the few. It is not in the power of allithe Premiers, Governments andParliaments combined of the eastern 'colonies to alter in the slightest degree the Commonwealth Bill as it now stands It cannot be amended except with the sanction of the people, and that can only be obtaified by a fresh referendum inheaoh~of the colonies. The-proposed amendments are merely typical of the conceit, ignorance, and selfishness of the members of the Selected Com mittee. 