CHAPTER XXXVII.—CYRIL FINDS DERELICT. A Cyril's own surprise at finding himself in such company fully equalled that of his -wife. After the Turf Club dinner, which protracted affair, he had strolled round by the Empyrean with or without any premeditated idea of seeing Lettice, and was accosted by a strange woman as she "was leaving the bouse. "Lord Montacute!" she exclaimed, in a low, hoarse whisper. •Yes," Cyril said, "I am Lord Montacute; can I do anything for you?" He was said to be brusque to women; to woman or man in misfortune he was gentleness itself. You do not remember me? It is not likely you would," this stranger said, who bad inspired him with a feeling of compassion the moment she accosted him. "No, I don't think I have ever seen you before." "Yes, indeed you have, though I daresay vou had no wish to see me again," she said, with a smile so sad as to accentuate rather than relieve the wan misery of her face. 'T am, rather perhaps I should say I was, Mrs. Oppendom." "Good God!" exclaimed Cyril, moved with an infinite compassion, "and come to this?" 'What else could I come to? I was like the poor man in the Bible driven up in a corner: I could not dig and was ashamed j to beg." Cyril thought she might well be equally ashamed of her rather obvious profession, and with his usu'ai directness told her so. "I am," the poor woman protested; God knows that I am; unless He has forgotten me altogether." "He would not do that," Cyril said very gently, thinking of another and Diviner speech from the same Book. "Why not?" said the woman. "It would be only just. I am sure we forgot Him sufficiently when we were rich enough, or thought we w r ere, to do without Him." It was late. The people were beginning to leave the theatre, and Lord Montacute could not be seen talking with a person of poor Mrs. Oppendorp's present appearance m the searching glare of the electric light. "Come with me," he said, '"we will have supper somewhere together, and you shall tell me your story." Cyril did not want supper, but his companion looked as if it might do her good. He took her first to the Golden Gridiron, but was reminded by its gorgeous janitor Of the regulations forbidding ladies to be entertained at the restaurant at so late an hour. With the cabman's aid, however, they found a place which was less scrupulously circumspect, and there Cvril ordered for his guest a dainty supper. He sat opposite and talked cheerfully while she ate, and then pouring out for her a glass of the best wine the house could supply made her tell him the sad story of her desertion, and a cruel story it was. "Have you no relatives to whom you can go?" he enquired. None that she knew of; she was the child of a small bookmaker, who was long since broken and dead, and he was the only one she had ever known. Children?—he asked. None—she thanked God at least for that. Never in his life had Cyril discovered anyone so utterly destitute and hopeless as this forsaken wife. She was but the ghost of the smart well-turned-out woman he had formerly known, and the contrast was painful "to see. He had little experience of the manifestations of either disease or famine, but it appeared to him she must be suffering from one or the other, possibly from both, for the h;'ud which rested on the table was nearly as white as the cloth, and semi-transparent; her form attenuated to a degree. She seemed to divine his thoughts, tor she said— . "1 have not verv long to live, and it is best so; life is unendurable whenrall is gone from one." Yet she did not weep or complain; it seemed as though the faculty of feeling -was gone also- It was almost more than. Cyril could bear to witness such hopeless misery. - "I never imagined my husband was a good man," she resumed, speaking slowly and reflectively, yet with no sign m her voice of disappointment or regret—-"but ht was all I had, and I loved Mm. If he would have let me, I would have gone with him, though he had lost every penny, to the end of the earth; and, though I know now how bad he must have been, do you know I think I love him still?" "Then God forgive him," Cyril said. He forced money upon her, which she was. unwilling to take, because she said ht had been robbed enough already. She did not thank him with grateful words, being too apathetic, too far gone in abject hopelessness to expect any good from his succour; but when he bade her good- night, she took his hand in the darkness of the street and pressed it ro her lips, saying— "Your wife must be a happy woman." And there was that in her speech, or in his own conscience, which caused Cyril to wince. For, strange to say, hiF wife did -not seem very nappy, though her ideal of life was by way of being so abundantly realized. Maud appeared, to have lost something of the calm which had seemed a part of her nature, and showed irritability and temper on slight provocation. When the season was over and they were down at Ivetsey again, matters were not much better. Things went badly in the household, where they had gone so well before the marriage. Mrs Renny resigned, to her young Lord's great regret; and when he urged her to reconsider the matter, she persisted jn her determination on the grounds that she found herself unable to give satisfaction to her Ladyship. Parting with his old housekeeper c-aused Cyril the greatest annoyance; but he felt he c-culd not expect her to'stav to be found fault with at her time of life. So Mrs. Renny was comfortably established with her Persian cat ir. a small house near the Church, where she knitted her Lord's stockings, and had the little heir, to whom she was devoted, with his nu::=e to tea; while a -vigorous and capable female in a purple-silk gown and cameo brooch reigned over the servants' hall in her stead, with a strict, discipline, which was not altogether unneeded in that part of the establishment. There was trouble also with a higher official even than Mrs. Renny; the chaDlain and her Ladyship coming presently to" log gerheads over parish affairs. He was willing to allow her her share in the management, but could not endure the lianghty condemnation of all his old methods, which had sufficed for so many years before my Lady's aristocratic finger obtruded itself into the parochial pie. "Why can't you let him go on in his ov.-iwav?" Cyril said. "Travers is a pleasant enough old chap when you don't bully himbut you can't expect him to stand being suddenly sat upon after having had a free hand for so long." "That is just the point," said Maud "they have all had their own way so long that they are completely spoiled. If ht does not like the new regime, he can resign." "No. no," Cyril eaid, "we have had enough of resigning. Understand, Maud please, that- I will not have the Vicar interfered with." And when Cyril spake in such wise, even my Lady had learned t'were well to obey. Nevertheless Cyril would not have been sorry had the chaplain seen his way to retire. His preaching, never very brilliant, had become dull with age, and that custi u which does somewhat stale all save the most infinite variety. Moreover, he designed, when that event should happen, to'nu' Carlvon in his place. The curate's W affair still dragged its weaiy length. Everybody was sick of it especially the two principals; but neither side, each being m the right from their different points of view, would give in The Eustons had lost some monev in the Oppendorp disaster; yet not enough to hurt them yet sufficient to humble somewhat the Rectorial lady, and check for the time anv fresh development of her social aspiration^ Still they would not abate one jot of their matrimonial ambitions, and there ap;-,eared no prospect of the matter being settled during the jiarents' life time. "You can't go on like this for ever, vou know," Cyril said to the long-suffering suitor. "The tension is too great. If you are determined to carry the thing through you bad better make a bolt of it. I'll do i whatever is the modem equivalent to riding postilion to Gretna Green; lend vou mv bays to catch the express with at Wolverhampton; run up to town and give the bride away, or anything you can suggest." "You could not w give her awav," ._., Carlyon said ^ with n.i+1, his lllC ever AVAP cheerful rttflarful smile, ..n.^1.. "for "i 'the 1 simple reason that she is not yours t<j give. 1 Edith will never o; ? lo me without her .parents' consent. \\\ e inuM- wait patiently until they see the futility of resistance." "They must be particularly dunder-hcad ed people not to have seen that long ago," said Cyril. During the soficn of the Diocesan Synod, of v.-Lich he hid been elected a lay member, Lord Montacute contrived to interview the Bishop, and consulted him on his friend's behalf. '"1 have informed the young lady's mother -that I can hold out no hope of a Diocesan living for Mr. Carlyon for years to come," said the Bishop. "Then can you not give Mr. Travers a Prebendal Stall or Canonry, or something of that sort?" Cyril asked. "J don't understand much about clerical promotion; tut it seems to me as a layman that there should be something for an elderly man who has served the Church faithfully for so many years." " But think how many has done the same, often with considerable sacrifice of ease and comfort of life, which has not been the case with Mr. Travers," pleaded the Bishop. 'If those are the men who do get the good places," rejoined Cyril, "I am very glad to hear it, but I was under the impression they were mostly conferred bv favour. In my limited experience I have known a man to obtain a canonry by rea- son of his polities after proving himself a rank failure as head master: and have heard of others who have been rewarded with deaneries, and even Bishoprics, for the ncbie self-sacrifice involved in m.irr/ing superannuated maids of honour; or for pursuing for years a system of self-advertisement which would disgrace a quack doctor of medicine." The Bishop tried to frown at this sarcastic stricture upon ecclesiastical patronage, but there was a humorous twinkle in the episcopal eye as he replied, "Even if such instances have not been unknown, you would not. I am sure, have me imitate them in this diocese? And people would be quick to accuse me of favouritism were I to promote either of the two clergymen whom yon mention over the heads of my large town workers, who sometimes hardly know what an hour's leisure or a breath of country air is like. From what I have heard of your character, my Lord, you would not ask me to do anything unfair?"' But if the Bishop could not help him directly he did so indirectly, for he sugjested that Lord Montacute should apply "or the vacant living of Blythewood in the gift of his friend Lord Winfrith; which Cyril did, and Carlyon happening to be rather a favourite of her Ladyship, it was ofc'cied to him on his suggestion; wnile Mr. Travers, whose heart would have broken at the thought of leaving his pretty old parsonage, was left in peace -with his Alderney cows, and the beautiful flowers which he tended all the week, and placed Sunday by Sunday above the altar of his little Church, and on the grave of his dearlyloved -wife. This presentation, Blythewood being rather a good living, and in a nice part of the country, simplified matters for Carlyon, and Cyril was delighted at having been able at last to do this service. He was grateful in his turn to the Bishop, with a sense of whose fitness for tlus post, not always a conspicuous characteristic of Bishops, he was much impressed; yet hoped devoutly that his Lordship did not happen to have obtained his elevation to the episcopal bench by marrying a maid of honour. CHAPTER XXXVni.—HOPES DEFERRED. Soon after the break-up of her first autumn party Lady Montacute, attended by Mr. Linton, weut to stay at a certain castle in Scotland, leaving her husband to keep house at Ivetsey. Early in October Cyril was to have a'few friends of his own— Carlyon, Lord Ripple, and Budden, for such shooting as ^ preferred. His "wife's friends despised strch old- fashioned sport; but it was a delight to him to tramp with a congenial companion or two over the wilder parts of his estate, with setters and spaniels in lieu of an army of beaters, and sit down for a simple lunclieon and pipe under the lee of a hayrick, or in the sunwarmed corner of a copse. This year, however, he was disappointed of his sport, for before his £iie.=ts assembled his soul was suddenly stricken by the cruellest sorrow he had ever been called upon to endure. His b'abv son, now a fine little fellow of nearly a year old. was reported to him one evening as not being quite well. Cyril went at once to the nursery, and sat by the cot of tha little one. who_ was fevered and restless, till after midnight, when the child dropped quietly asleep. Leaving orders that unless lie woke apparently much better the doctor was to be sent for, Cyril went to bed, fully expecting to find the infant all right again in the morning. In the early dawn, however, he was called hastily by Lavender, aud ri'shiug to the nursery found the babe in violent convulsions in the nurse's arms. Having seen nothing of the kind before, Cyril was almost beside himself with alarm. Leaving the nurses to put the child in a hot bath, which they said was the only immediate remedy, he mounted his mil re and galloped himself for the nearest doctor, who' lived at Compton Magna, three miles away. In less than an hour the doctor was with the child; but nothing availed; the little one lay unconscious through the day, and died at even, and with the last faint little sigh from the baby lips it seemed as though all hope and joy of mortal life flickered also and died in the young father's breast. For hours of the ensuing night and day he wandered dazed with grief about the place. Novr through the silent hall which had so lately rung with the cheerful clamour of his guests, and where the portraits of his ancestors seemed to look down upon him in his helpless misery as on a stranger, without symoathv or interest. Then out into tbe part, where all was still save for the cawing of the rooks in the great trees besid tiie istt; the hoarse belling of the rutting deer, and the clash of antlers rattling like the play of single-sticks as they contended like Arthurian heroes through the live-long day and far into the darkling night, for love and mastery. These invisible yet audible c-ninbats went- on all over the park. A couple of bucks fought close to Cyril, heedless in their fury of his presence, their forms looming twice their natural size through the gauzy veil of the mist. He was surprised to find himself remarking the pieturestpieness of the spectacle, and the vigour which their striving shapes displayed. Then like .a burning ar- row through his brain shot the thought of how pleased the cliild wouid have been; how deliprhted he w;ss with every form cf animal life, and particularly with the deer, for which lie had a specially-invented semiarticulate name of his own, as is the manner of intelligent babes struggling with the intricacies cf speech. Ah, he would never see them again, or aught else of the things of this world. Down into the dust of death would fall those- clustering curls of gold, and down into the depths of despair went the father's soul at the thought. 