Whoso Findeth a Wife ? : ; ? By WILLIAM LE QUEUX (SPECIAL RIGHTS OP SERIAL PUBLICATION SECURED BY THE 'SUNDAY TIMES' FROM GEORGE BELL AND SONS. LONDON.) CHAPTER XXI. (CONTINUED).— IN . 1 KENSINGTON GARDENS. Her companion, a tall, broad-shouldered young man, wore a long drab overcoat of distinctly 'horsey' cut, a silk hat of the latest shape, and displayed a good deal of 6hirt cuff. He was evidently a fop, and his whole exterior, from his varnished boots to the velvet cuffs of his overcoat, pronounced him to be a cad. Leipurely he strode by her side, smoking a cigarette, and earnest in conversation, now ana tne.n emphasising his words by striking the palm of one gloved hand with his list. Once, as I dogged their -footsteps, my teeth clenched in fierce anger, I heard her give vent to a rippling peal of laughter that echoed among the black, - gaunt tree trunks. I knew by that laugh she was tan talising ltfm. My first impulse was to rush up to them and demand an explanation, but my second thought had been to hold my anger in control, and ascertain the true extent of her perfidy. Was not this the se cond time I had detected Ella walking alone with a man in lover-like attitude ? I loved her with all my heart, and . had believed implicitly that she reciprocated my affection, yet here, in this single moment, the cup of happiness was dashed from my lips* I knew I had been the victim of base Reception. While I, fool that I had been, had fondly imagined that she loved me; she had abandoned all self-respect and al lowed herself to walk in a public garden ?with a chance-met acquaintance. Soma's ominous words recurred to me, and I saw how I had been tricked and betrayed. The pretty refugee was right, notwithstanding the denunciation of the diplomatist and the spy, both of whom had some motive in dis crediting her statements. With eager eyes and heavy heart I fol lowed the pair cautiously, fearing each mo ment lest either should turn and detect mj- presence. Apparently they were too deeply engrossed in each other's talk, which, al though carried on in a tone so low that I ;oald catch no single word, seemed scarcely Df an amatory nature, judging from the jnan's gestures. Tp me it appeared rather as if he were urging her to do something from which she shrank. Once, while he spoke, she stopped short and stretched out both hands towards him in an attitude of supplication. But he did not heed her, fo-, giving vent to a low Idugh, he continued, emphasising his words as before. Then, clenching her hands, she stamped her foot in anger, and tossing her head in contempt, walked forward again, heedless of ? her com panion's threatening attitude. From that moment both grew calmer, for the man uttering words of forgiveness, snatched up her hand and imprinted a kiss upon it. For a brief second she allowed her hand to linger in his grasp then with drew it gently, but firmly, regarding him with earnestness the while. This action aroused my anger to a ? fierce, murderous hatred. With difficulty I manag&d; to pre serve an outward calm, because, in my state of mind, I felt compelled to watch asd wait. Yet, if I had had a weapon ready to my hand at that moment, I verily believe that I must have thrown myself upon this arrogant cad, and mercilessly killed him. The manner in which his hat was , set upon his head, slightly askew, in the,man ner of the London ''Arry.' and his over burdening mannerism, were in themselves sufficient to show the type c'f lover my wife cultivated. As I stepped softly behind them in the gloom, I told myself that she must leave my house that night, or I should. I felt in my throat a choking sen sation, for I had loved her so fervently that this discovery of falseness had utterly un nerved me, and even in those moments of fierce anggr and hatred I confess that tears welled in my eyes. Ella was the only wo man I had ever loved, yet she who had taken her marriage vows only a few shor.1-. months before had already discarded me for this over-dressed idiot, who would be termed in vulgar parlance a 'bounder.' Perhaps he did not know her to be mar ried. This thought took pcsscssicn cf me. When their quarrel ended it became mani fest that Ella herself was endeavoring to fas.cinate. and hold him, just as she had - charmed me, by the softness of fier speecn, ! her exquisite grace, and her wonderful beauty. She spolce quietly, with her dainty finger-tips laid lightly upon his arm, while he listened, gazing earnestly into her face, enchanted. i To-night, I told myself, the bonds uniting me to Ella should be for ever severed. I remembered the many occasions when she had been absent, visiting imaginary friends; I recollected the evening she brought home the violets and preserved them carefully in water until they smelt so faint that she was compelled to throw them away; I had not forgotten the fact that blades of grass did not grow in the squalid, overcrowded streets of modern Camberwell. I glanced around at the grass on every side. Per haps she frequented that place, and took clandestine walks daily with her lover. be- neath those leafless trees. The thought provoked my bitter hatred, and I know not how I refrained from facing the pair. I managed, however, to hold myself back, watching them exchange a tender farewell at the gate that led into Kensington High street, next the Falace Hotel, and while the man raised his hat politely and, turning, walked away in the direction of Knights bridge, Ella, her face radiant and happy, bowed and' set out homeward in the oppo site direction. Beneath the lamp in the gateway I had in those brief seconds, obtained a glimpse of his face. It was that of a young man: of about two-and-twenty, with strongly 1 marked features, fair-haired, and of quite a different type than I had conjectured. The j features were rather refined, by no means ? those of a cad, but rather those of. a well- j bred young idler, who affected thp dresa and manners of that class of youths who frequent the Cafe Mpnico on Sunday even- ] ings, the slaves of the counter. j Once he glanced back to Ella, but she did ! not turn; then he went on and was lost ih j the darkness, while I followed my wife's | neat figure through the bustling throng of foot-passengers. CHAPTER XXII.— TO ERR IS HUJVf AN. Instead of keeping behind her straight, j home, I turned from main .road, and, j with my mind full of^glcomy thoughts, . wandered about the dark, quiet thorough- ; fares in the neighborhood of Cajnpden Hill, j until, having walked for over an hour un-. decided how to act, I awoke to a conscious- i ness that I was before my own house. ; When I entered I opened a telegram ly- i ing cn the hall table, and found it was from Lord Warnham, stating that he was leaving the Premier's suddenly, and asking . me to call at Berkeley-square at six. It was then a quarter to six, and. I saw that even by cab I must be ten minutes late foi- : the apppintment. 'Has my wife returned, Juckes ?' I asked my faithful man, who stood ready to re- , lieve mo of hat- and coat. 'Yes, sir. She. returned an hpur ago,! and is now in the drawing-room.' j My first impulse .was to return to Berke- 1 ley-square without seeing her, but unable longer to bear the suspense,' I allowed Juckes to take my things, and entered the . room, wh?rc she awaited inc. ' j 'Ah! Geoffrey!' she exclaimed, jump- ? ing to her feet with an expression of joy, and coming forward to meet me, 'I ex pected you home long ago, dearest.' And she raised her face for the habitual kiss. 'Oh,' I said coldly, ? placing her away from me without caressing her. 'Have you ! been home Icng ?' I 'A long, long time,' she answered, re- ! garding my coldness with unfeigned sur- j prise. i 'Where have 'yen been to-day ?''1 in- j quired, rather sharply, \nl;ing up a posi- ; tion on the hearthrug, with my back to the i bright wood fire. j 'This morning I went to Mr. Praga's j studio in Hornton-street, and gave ' him a; sitting. He is painting my portrait for the ? Academy, you know.' -, ; 'Yes,' I answered. 'He told me so at ! the club the other- day. Where else have \ you been ?' - j 'Why are you so anxious to have a com- j plete record of my doing's ?' she 'asked, i pouting. 'You seem absurdly suspicious.' ; -1. smiled bitterly. Since her return she had- exchanged her tailor-made gown for a handsome dinner dress, and wore as her only ornament a' string of pearls, my wed ding gift. She stood gazing at me with her dark blue eyes wide open, and brows arched in well-feigned reproach. '.'You did not return to lunch.' I said quietly. .'No, I went to Pont-street,' she an swered. 'Mother was so fearfully upset.' 'Why ?' ; 'Last night she detected Helmholtz in the act of opening a letter he had taken from the postman. It contained a cheque, and she was compelled to discharge him at a . moment's notice.' 'I understood he was quite a model ser vant,' I saidi in genuine surprise at this latest development. To me it was astound ing that a shrewd officer like Renouf should have thus allowed himself to ' be caught napping. 'Mother thought most highly , of him,' she went. on. 'But it now appears that for the past few weeks she has had suspicions that her Tetters were being tampered with, for two cheques sent by tenants for rent have been stolen.' ' 'I never thought very much of him,' I said. 'Neither did I,' she declared. 'He had such a silent, cunning way, and moved so softly that dozens of times when' I haye turned suddenly I have been quite startled to find him standing close to me. I'm glaa mother has got rid of him. She packed him off bag and baggage.' 'Did he protest his innocence ?' 'No. He treated her with cool indiffe rence, placed his things in his portman teau leisurely, '.%iiled a cab, and went oft without asking for his wages.' I .was silent. The reason Renouf should descend to steal cheques was inexplicable. One thing,, however, appeared clear, nafnely, that he had taken an unusual in terest in the nature of Mj-s. Laing's corres pondence. To me it was a matter for con gratulation that as- ho had been detected by . his . mistress and discharge^, he could not ? cast upon me the blame for his betrayal. '.'What did you do after lunch ?' I at last inquired; returning to my charge. 'I went shopping,' she replied, smiling. ? 'With whom ?' . 'Alone.' . 'Were you alone the whole time ?' I in quired, regarding her intently. H°r lips quivered slightly, and her glance wavered. 'Yes,' she answeicd, 'I did not meet apyoije I knew.' . 'That is a lie, Ella !' I cricd. 'It is cot,' she- stammered, pale and agitated. 'I have told you the truth.' 'To prevaricate is utterly useless,' I said angrily. 'I followed you through Kensing ton Gardens, where you were walking with your lover.. I— — ' 'My lover !'? she cried hoarsely, in dis may. 'He — he is not my lover. I had never seen, him -before !' 'Then by your own admission you have abandoned all respect, for me and yojarself. YoU are addictcd to strolling alone with any idiot who; flatters you.' , 'I swear I do not,' she retorted. 'You misjudge me entirely.' And she placed her trembling hand upon my arm. ; But . I shook it off wrathfuiiy, saying: 'I have discovered the truth, alas ! too late. While making pretence to love -me you pre fer the. society of other men. I was a blind fool, or else I should have discovered the fact, plain to everybody else, th^t Ogle was your .lover, and that you mourned for him when' he met the fate he so justly de served.' ,\ 'He 'never uttered one word of love to me, .Geoffrey,' she pretested. 'How can you. make 3ueh 'horrible . charges against me' when I love you. so dearly,' she cried, bursting into.-a torrent cf tears. 'Because !' I said, witii emphasis, 'be- cause I have myself followed you thig even ing. Surely Kensington Gardens is' not the spot where a . wife should take recreation, unless clandestinely, as you have done! No, this is, not tho first occasion you have, lied to me, Ella; but it shall be the last.' 'The last !' she gasped, glancing up at nie. 'What do you mean ?' 'I mean that I can have no further con fidence in you, and that we are better apart.' 'You don't intend to leave me. Surely you woyld never be so cruel; Geoffrey: It would kill me.' 'I have loved you, Ella,' I said hoarsely. ; after 'pause;1 brief arid full of' suspense: 'No man could have loved a woman '.v/itti a' passion more teridcr than I have done, but now that I have discovered how basely I hav.e.rbeen deceived, iny affection has turned to ?hatred.' 'You hate me !' she wailed. 'Ah, no,' you cannot— you shall not,' she cried, as, rushing' towards me, she threw both arms arqund my' neck, and, nctw.ithstandiflg my efforts to avert her, pressed her tear stained face to mine. 1 Roughly I unclasped her arms and cast her from me, saying: 'I have resolved. Nothing will cause me to reconsider my decision. We must part.' 'It is not like you, Geoffrey, to be cruel to a womaji,' she said .reproachfully, stand ing before me. 'I admit I have acted foolishly, but that man you saw was not my lover. I care for no one except your own dear self.' 'Terms-of endearment are unnecessary,' I answered impatiently, turning from her. 'Such expressions from one who has so grossly deceived me are absolutely nausea ting. I have striven for your social ad-„ vancement and have loved you dearly, but from this moment you are my wife only in name.' She buried her face in her u£5as and was seized by a fit of hysterical sobbing. All her self-control had vanished at the instant she realised that I knew the truth, and she now stood before me bent and penitent. 'Forgive me,' she whispered earnestly. 'Forgive me, Geoffrey.' 'No,' I answered, with firpmess. 'I cannot trust you.' 'Overlook this incident, and I will never again give you cause for jealousy,' she ex claimed. 'I will do anything you ask, only i have patience with me.' j 'I have already had patience,' I an- j swered. 'Yet, deceived as I am daily, we can live together no longer.' ' 'But I love you,' she declared, with 1 fierce earnestness, fixing her fathomless '? eyes upon me. 'If I lose you I shall kill j myself.' 'It i3 your own fault entirely,' I said. : 'You have chosen to act in this manner, aid whatever are the consquences they are of your own seeking. I suppose you will j tell me next that this mars who was with . you compelled you to meet hi^n.' 'That is. the absolute truth.' she fal tered. 'Ah, always the same lame tale,' I ob- J served in disgust. 'I have not forgotten j that night at 'The Nook* when I watched ; you walking with. Beck!1' No, Ella. There ' is some strange mystery about it all that I don't like. You pretend to love me;tbut. you have so&ie; ulterior motive.' | 'There is a mystery, it is true,' she ad mitted, her eyes dimmed with tears. 'A mystery so strange and startling that when you know the truth you will stand aghast and dumbfounded. But v/itlj. its elucida tion you will have knowledge of how I have suffered and striven for your sake; there fore I can only pray that the revelations . that must accrue may be hastened, for, al- j though to- day. you regard me as base and : deceitful, you will then learn how much 1 one woman has endured and sacrificed be- : cause she loved you.' , 'Then we must part until this mystery | is cleared up,' I said calmly, my heart full .; of grief. 'You refuse to take me, your hus- ; band, into your confidence, therefore I can place no further reliance in your word.' 'Think,' she cried, clutching my arms ; convulsively. 'Why should tho happiness ; of both of us be wrecked by a mere misun- \ derstanding ?' I ? 'A misunderstanding !' I echoed. 'It is | assuredly more than that.' - j 'No,' she answered, endeavoring to stifle ; her sobs. 'You misunderstand me. believ ing me false to you, whereas I am acting solely in our mutual interests.' 'To walk alone with a stranger is surely not acting in your husband's interests,' I : observed bitterly. j 'Ah, you are mistaken,' she said quickly. 'When all is explained you will regret the cruel words you have uttered this evening.' ' '(Have I, then, no cause to object to your acquaintance with this man ?' I inquired, '? looking sharply at her. j 'None whatever. He is neither my lover ? nor my friend.' ....-« 'What is his naine ?' 1 'I do not know. ''He did not tell me,' she I replied. 'AY as this the only occasion you had met V t - 'It was.' - 'He spoke to you casually in the street, I suppose ?' 'No, we met by appointment at Victoria Station,' she answered frankly. 'By appointment' ! Then you knew him !' 'No, our meeting was arranged by a third person. It was by no means cf an. amatory character, I assure you.' 'What was its object I asked. - Slowly she shook her head. I cannot tell you.' /without relating to you facts which I dare not yet 'divulge.' 'Ah! as I .thought,' I cried in anger. 'You refuse always to explain. As c-ach week passes the mystery surrounding you increases.' 'Unfortunately, I cannot prevent it,' she answered in a low, carne.it tone. 'Before we married I told yo_u. plainly tlja,t I in tended to sepk the truth of the conspiracy against Dudley's life, and you did not ab ject.' 'Why not leave that wretched affair to the police and secure our own happiness ?' I urged. 'Because the police are powerless. They can have no clue.' '13 it then absolutely necessary, that you should attain this end ?' I inquired du biously. 'Arc you ready to sacrifice your own home and husband in order to ascer tain the truth regarding a crime 1' 'Yes, it is absolutely imperative,' she replied emphatically. 'Before perfect hap piness can be ours we must both be aware of the causes which led to Dudley's sudden death. Towards that end I am striving, ana knowing what I do, I am regardless of your suspicions and your cruel words. If we part — well, it will be you who one day will be filled with bitter regret; and as for me, I shall riot pause in my merciless quest.' Often she had told me that io ascertain the true cause of Dudley's death was, next to her duty as my wife, her main object in life, and these words, uttered with an earnestness that was genuine, bore out her most frequent declarations: Glancing at the facts as a whole, it was not surprising that I should have suspected Dudley of having been her lover, whose death she in tended to avenge. In silence and hesitation' I paced the room that she had furnished with such ex quisite taste. A dozen times she asked for giveness, but no word passed my lips. She stood motionless, her head bent in submis sion, her hands clasped before her, await ing my decision. . Her pale, tear- stained face betrayed signs of a terriblp, breathless suspense, she fear ing that I intended to cast her off, while 1 could not bring myself to any firm belief that her declarations of affection were genuine. Between us there yawned a gulf of darkness and mystery which hourly grew wider and more impassable. 'Tell me that you'll still bo patient and wait,' she implored at last. 'Surelv yow can see how intensely I love you and how utterly aimless will be my lifr if wc pirt ' 'This mystery . is, I confess, Ella, driving me to distraction,' I said, halting at last before her. 'Cannot you confide in roe ? I will preserve silence, I promise ' 'No, no.' she gasped in fear. 'I dare not.' Her attitude was one of deep dejection, yet I could not fail to notice, even at this moment of her abject despair, how beauti ful she was. But a look of unutterable terror was in her deep blue eyes, and upon her handsome features was an expression as though, dreading exposure, she were haunted by some terrible ghost of the past. 'You told me this once before,' I said gravely, 'and I trusted you. To-day I have discovered my confidence ill- placed.' 'Trust me once a^ain,' ?? she cried, hoarsely. 'Only once, and I will show you ere long that your suspicions are utterly without foundation.' I took another turn up and down the drawing-room, my hands clasped behind my back, my gaze fixed upon the carpet. 1 was still undecided. 'With a sudden impulse she rushed for wardr and flinging her warm arms about my neck, kissed me, next second bursting into tears and burying her face upon my shoulder. My hand unconsciously stroked her hair, and, bending, I pressed my lips upon her soft cheek. Then she knew that I had forgiven, and holding back her sobs with difficulty, raised her face, and kissing me passionately, thanked me in a low,' broken voice, assur ing me that I should never regret the step I had taken. During half an hour we remained to gether, she was full of love and confidence, I admiring and hopeful. I was glad I had not acted rashly, nor left her as I had in tended, and as we went in to dinner arm in arm, we laughed together,' joyous in each other's love. After we had eaten, I smoked a cigarette and lingered as long as possible, happy with my well-beloved; then kissing her. fondly, I was compelled to take a hansom to Ber kcley-square, promising her to return at the earliest possible moment, and express ing confidence that our love, would last al ways. The Earl, grumbling at my. tardy arrival, was busy in his library with a number of in^portant despatches, relating, to' our affairs in the East. When he Had, expressed- dis- pleasure 'hat I ? ?'? 1 not been waiting to receive i ^e au.:« {;:. 'But t. : i siij-i. 'J9 now you are mar ried. Decc ;our ife is exacting; they alwaj's art. .._e likto you to dine wilh her, eh ?' 'Yes,' I admitted, smiling. 'I did dine at home.' ; 'Ah, I thought so,' snapped the shrewd old Minister; 'A good dinner and your wife's smiles were of more consequence to you than England's prestige with the Sul-: tan — eh ?' I made no answer to this sarcasm, but began bu3yjng myself with the correspon dence, packing it away in the despatch-bag and sealing it for delivery to Hammerton, the messenger, who was waiting in an ad joining room ready to take it to Constan tinople. Not until eleven o'clock was I able to get' away from Berkeley- square, and leaving the aged statesman alone, deeply immersed in the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from Her Majesty's representa tives at the various Courts of Europe, I drove back to Phillimore Gardens. On arrival home my first question of Juclces was whether Ella was in the draw ing-room. 'No, sir. Madame is out, sir.' 'Out ! When did she go out ?' 'About an hour after you had left, sir,' replied the man. 'She has gone into the country, I believe.' . 'Into the country ? What makes you think so ?' 'Because she put on her travelling dress, and took two trunks with her,' he an swered. 'Roberts, her maid, says sho packed the boxes herself three days ago.' 'Did she say where she was going ?' I inquired breathlessly. 'No, sir. She left no message' with any one.' Entering the drawing-room with my overcoat still on, I noticed, lying upon . her little rosewood escritoire, a note addressed to me. Eagerly I took it up, tore it open, and read its contents. There were only a few hurriedly-scrawled words — a brief and for mal fareWell. 'You cannot trust me,' she wrote, 'there- fore we are best apart. Do not attempt to follow me, for you cannot find me. Do not think ill of me, for even if I have wronged and deceived you, I have, nevertheless, been your friend.' It commcnced formally, without any ' en dearing term, and concluded abruptly with the two words, 'Your Wife.' For a few moments I stood with it in my hand, staring at it in blank .amazement. Then it occurred to me that in that very . escritoire she kept all her correspondence, and it was more than probable that I might learn the truth from some of the letters therein contained. I endeavored to open it, but it was, as usual, locked. She had taken the key. In my sudden excitement I called to Juckes to bring a hammer, and with a tew sharp blows broke open the sloping, leather covered top, finding a number of letters ad dressed in unfamiliar handwriting. One, larger than the rest, crumpled, dirty and worn, as if it had reposed in someone's pocket for a long period, I. took out. and eagerly opened beneath the soft-shaded lamp. 'My God !' I cried aloud, scarcely able to believe my own eyes; when next instant I realised the terrible truth. 'My God ! I had never suspected this !' (To be Continued.) 