ROW OVER A CIGARETTE. The new boarder in the fourth floor front oonoluded that she would smoke a cigarette. Not that she pared at ail for cigarettes. On the contrary, she disliked them, The smoke got in her eyes ami made the tears oome, it got down her throat and strangled her, besides whioh the odour permeated her oiouung uiui Buiyuu mere, one was merely smoking this cigarette to see what would happen. This was what happened :— Bridget, thaohambermaid, coming into the room to make the bed, promptly disoerned the pernicious odour of that little oigarette. Then, spying stealthily around, Bhe found the end of the oigarette reposing upon the corner of the mantelpiece. That was enough. She went about straightening the room in au ominous eilenoe. When her work was done she went into the fourth floor baok. ' There do be ourious things a-goin' on in the next room to tbis, ma'am,' she said to the woman who sat by the window embroidering. * Curious things .- Faitb, an' that's phwat I'm afther tellin' of ye.' 1 WLat in the world do you mean, Bridget ? aBked the woman, stroking her needle straight into her thumb instead of into her embroidery. ' What is it that's going on ?' ?Bedad, it's the new boarder, ma'ain.' Bridget went on in a hoarse whisper. ' It's she that's afther thmokin' a cigaroot in her room, and that's phwat's the matter. Faith, an' ain't it enough, ma'am? A lady a-shmokin' of a oigaroot in her room !' 'The woman pushed Bridget aside and sped ont of the room. She made her way to the third floor front. 'Well, what is the matter f asked the third floor front, who waB busily engaged in washing out her handkerchiefs and pasting them np against the window pane to dry. 'If you only knew 1' ' Tell mi, then, quick. Has there been a row in (he house and I not in it P If there has it's the first.' ? Right you are, bnt it isn't a row this time. What do you sup pose is happening in this very house this very minute r the new boarder is smoking oigars a foot long in her room upstairs — a foot long, those stogies. That is what you oall them, isn't it? Yes. Stogies.' ?What!' soreamed the third floor front. \- It's the gospel truth. Bridget told me.' The handkerchiefs all fell off the window pane to the floor. The third floor front, leaving tbem there, ran to the woman and grasped her by the arm. JOotne,' she ex claimed, 'let's go and toll the third floor baok. If she finds out there is anything going on in this house that she don't know about she will drop dead. We don't want a fan'eral.9 Together they hastened to the third floor back. Tie occupant of tne room was oomb. ing her 'baok hair preparatory to doing it up 'in a'PsyoheithDt. ''What do y-iu think is happening P' *tbey cried imonevoioa. The the third floor back took her hairpins out of her month' and looked- attmnd. ' ' I oan't imagine,' said'ehe. 'What?' 'Something lawful,* they declared, both talking together; -The-new boarder in the fonr+h rront floor ie Bmoiting a pipe. Think of a young girHike that-smoking a pipe in a honse like this. Isn't it a sin slid a 'shame P Isn't it dis graceful f ' Are you sure t' demanded the third floor baok. ' Of course,' tbeyasserted; 'Bridget told it to' the fourth ' floor back: Ifs :the''Bolemn truth. Wegive ?ou our ?wbrd'-ipf honour.' The third floor back scattered her hairpins ret&lesBly; over her dressing table. 'We'll go and tell it to the tftoond floor front,' said sne. ? I'd just like \- to know what she thinks of it. A ename and ft disgrace ! Well, I should think so. The girl ought to be fi-ed out of Hie houee : this very' minute. Taat's what'ehe should 'be!' She led the procession, her hair streaming down her back, to the second floor front. 'The new boarder upstairs is smoking a pipe,' they said. 'Not only that, bnt she's got cigarettes and oigars and cheroots all over the room every where, on the' tables and bookcases and whatknotB. The mantelpiece is full of them. Even the walls ate festooned, with tobacco leaves brought from wherever she oomes from and hung up instead of pictures.' 'When taiy had paused for breath 1 the secoud flojr front got in a word edge ] ways. ' Ti'at eirl always did have a queer I look to me,' pm: saitl, pi awing tier lips to- I gether. 'I spatted her th? minute t laid eyes on her, the very minute ebe pot bee foot in this house. I said then, 'We'll hear from her veL' They were my very words. And now it has oome sooner than even I ex pected. I know what I am going to do.' 'Whatf gaeped the others. 'I am going to the landlady and have her put out. That is what I am going to do. Smoking pipes in a deoent house in ft decent neighbourhood!' They hastened downstairs. On their way they enoounlered the oooupant of the back parlour, who appeared to be surprised to see tbem all together so early in the morning. ' Would yon believe it,' said the second floor baok, ' the new boarder upstairs is sitting in her room right this minute smoking a pipe, with oigars and tobacco and everything smokablo under the sun around her ! The room is so thiok with tobaooo smoke that you could cnt it with a knife. Think of a young girl like that smoking. It wouldn't sur prise me one bit if he was an opium fiend !' ' 'That is just it. She is an opium fiend,' they reiterated in an awed whisper. The baok parlour at last found sufficient strength to lift up her hands in holy horror. 'An opium fiend in this house,' she groaned. ?Well, she wUl not Stay in it long ; we will have her pnt out. She goes, bag and bag gage, or we go. The landlady may pay her money and take her ohoioe.' The landlady was qnietly hemming nap kins whenuthey marched into her. ' Now, look here,' said the second floor front, shak ing a trembling forefinger in her faoe. 'We are all going to pack our trunks and leave this place u double quiok time unless you fire that new boarder on the fourth floor.' 'Why, what has she donef demanded the landlady. 'Bhe' is up' in her room now, Bitting cross- legged in the middle of the room, dressed in Turkish trousers, smoking a pipe.' 'My land 1' exclaimed the land lady. ? Is that true f ' ' Certain of it. . Tell her to go, or we m.' ' Of course, if it is- so. she must go,' sighed ihe landlady. She laid aside her work and went upstairs, followed by the others, and she knocked at the new boarder's door. ' Come in,' said the new boarder. The landlady went in and looked around. There was not the ghost of a nargileh, not a single opium fume, and if the girl had been dressed in Turkish trousers she had the abUity of a lightning ohange artist to costume herself while yon wait. She rose and politely requested the landlady to be seated. The landlady took a ohair and sat down. She beamed upon the new boarder. ' It is a nice morning ?' ? It is,' replied the new boarder. ' How do you like yonr room ?' asked the landlady. ' Very muoh indeed,' said the girl. ? That rug in fiont of the dressing table looks a little bit frayed,' said the landlady. Adding a few unimportant remark*, she rose to go. 1 Won't you stay a little 'onger f ' asked the new boarder. 'No, thank you. I just came in to see how you were getting along. Good morning,* said the landlady. ? Good morning,' said the new boarder, and when the door had dosed upon her she listened a moment to the excited explanation going on in whispers outside, then, walking to the window, stood there smiling all to herself. She had not been bom the day before. She knew exactly what had happened. 