/nfer-Australian. New South Wales. Sydney, May 5. The body of Captain M'Gruth. of the Sal vation Army, a victim of the Tweed River boating fatality, was buried yesterday. The body of Captain Blackburn will be forwarded 0 Melbourne for burial. Ycsterdav at the Lauds Ofiice the day was marked by a great- demand for land for settle ment. A strange fatality happened to a girl named EnglWi, living at Mount Tumgo. Whilst ■ cleariug down a shelf, she threw what appeared to be some <mprr cartridge cases into tbefire. Amougst them* was a loaded one, which exploded in the fire, the contents lodtring in the breast of the girl, with fatal effects. H.M.S. Dart left Hobarfc yesterday for j Sydney. After overhauling here she resumes ' her surveying operations off the northern Queensland coast. A teleirrain from Portland, Victoria, this morning "states that the ntcaraer TJrmstou Grunge, from Premantlo to Brisbane, put in for repairs to her machinery. SlD^BT, May 6. The appeai in the Mercadool land cases was concluded this morning, when the Full Court delivered judgment, the appeal being upheld. The court expressed the opinion that, under the circumstances disclosed in the case, any further reference should be made to a land board other than that of Guancduh. The Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows continued its session yesterday. A communi cation from the North Queensland branch was ; read in reference to the clearance values. The letter was considered, and it was decided that the directors be empowered to have an actual statement prepared to be submitted at the next meeting of the QA.M.C. Messrs. West Hamilton H'Qnaker and Herman Tansk, of Stanthorpo, Queensland, have been appointed magistrates for New South Wales. The steamer Archer arrived yesterday from the South Seas. A tidal wave'recently swept over the 'Marshall Islands, causing great loss to life and property. Several inur- ■ dew by natives are reported from the Bismarck Archipelago. On one island! 1 i natives were killed and eaten. A native was shot at Herbertshoh by order of the! Governor, for killing the captain of the schooner Sea Ghost, some IS mouths ago. Sxdxey, May 8. The hospital Saturday collection this year was £3,7-8 4s. 8d., as against £2.956 Is. 2d. last year. It was a record collection, and was attributed largely . to a more systematic house to house visitation. A thousand ladies took part in thexnovement. In the suburbs an experiment was tried with a corps of iady cyclists in connection with the hospital collections The Northern Railway line and its branches have been found by the Railway Commis sioners to be in irood order. The annual May Day demonstration was held in the Domain, yesterday afternoon. The proceedings were of an orderly nature. About 1.000 persons gathered round a large trolly decked with evergreens and glaring red Bags, on the principal banner being lettered the motto, "The world for the world's workers." A site has been secured at Thornleigh for the establishment of the IDddy orphanage. i The ceremony of dedicating the site of ; Captain Cook'sJanding place at Kurnell as a ■ public parir parsed off successfully on Satnr day. 1 Stdxzy, May 0. The Government have accepted the tender of Mr. R. Wall for the erection of the hospital for insane at Keamore, the price being £34,680. Also for the manufacture and erection of the steel super structure of a bridge over the Gwydir River, on the Moree-Inverell railway, the price being £5,141 17s. 8d. Mountly and Co. were the successful tenderers. Yesterday 16 men representing the crew cf the ship Republic asked the Murine Board to allow taat vessel to go to sea. They informed the board that the master of the vessel had informed them that she had put back to port twice in a leaky condition. They had made a careful inspection of the vessel, and were perfectly satisfied with her. The pre sident of the board stated that when all the papers were before the board a deci sion would be come to. At the Xewcastic court yesterday Thomas Frederick Tudor, charged with the murder cf an infant, was remanded. The Full Court delivered an important jndgment yesterday with regard to the liability of carriers, holding them responsible for any bad food in their possession. Syi»5tet, ?Xay 10. The most urgent cases 'of digress in the drought-stricken districts having boen met by the Government, it lias been determined to close the distribution of seed wheat at the end of the present week. Iu the Banco Court yesterday an applica tion was made for a new trial in a case in which an ex-prisoner *roes the Government for damages for injury received. The ease was part heard. Sydnitv, JTay 11. At the Police Court yesterday a muu vras accused of vagrancy. Evidence was given j that he had been loafing about the rocks in : the Domain for the last Id or lo years, and' it was not known bow he had gained a living. He was sentenced to eight months' imprison ment A clerk recently employed in the ilines Department was yesterday committed for trial | charged with the forgery of a civil servant's j name to a promissory- note. I The comet which appeared in the evening I sky in a eonih-westcrly direction during I March, and which became invisible during April in consequence of the proximity of the sun, has now reappeared in a north-easterly direction shortly before sunrise. The Chief Secrefary yesterday appointed tho following gentlemen to constitutes the baud to deal with the unemployed question: Mr. Srdticy Smith (chairman). Messrs. John Kidd/M.P.. WhHdou, M.P., Josiah Thomas, M.P.. the Ven. Archdeacon Langley, tlie Verv Rev. Dean Slattcry, Dr. Roscby, the Rev. Gfc. D. Buchanan. Dr. Zillmau, and Messrs. James Watson, Clement Lewis, and TY\ F. Sene>\ 