THE OLD UNIFORM? One of my desk-mates in the office at the ministry of. war was an ex-hon-com- ( missioned officer, Henri Vidal. He had lost his left arm in the Italian cam paign, but with his ^remaining hand he ' executed marvels of caligcaphy— down to drawing with one pen-stroke a bird in the flourish of his signature. A good fellow, Vidal ; the type of the upright old soldier, hardly forty, with a sprinklingof greyin his blonde imperial —he had been in the ZouayeB. Wi» all called him Pere Vidal, 'more respect fully than familiarly, for we all knew his life of honour aud devotion. He lived in a cheap little lodging at (irene\le, where —on the money of his cross, his;pension, and his salary— he managed to support his widowed sister and her three chil dren. Three thousand francs for five people! No matter, his redingote, the empty left sleeve caught to the third button, wa's always brushed as if for parade ; and so seriously did he take his red ribbon, invariably fresh, that he took it out of his buttonhole, whenever he carried a pairof booU or trousers or went on any commonplace errand. As at that time, I, too, was living in the .southern suburb of Paris, I often walked home with Pere Vidal.and I used to make him tell of his campaigns as we passed near the military school, meet ing at every step — it was at'tlie close of the Empire— the splendid uniforms of the Imperial Guard, green chasseurs, white lancers, and the dark and magnificent artillery officers, black and gold, a cos tume worth while getting killed in. Sometimes, on hot evenings, I treated my companion to absinthe ; out of economy he never drank. On these occasions the ex-soldler.who had become a sober paterfamilias, and had lost the habit of the parrot, would rise from the table with a touch of heroic drunkenness in his brain, and the rest of the way I was almost certain to hear some tale of war. One evening — I believe that Pere Vidal had had two glasses of absinthe - as we walked along the hideous Boule vard de Urenelle, he stopped suddenly before a military old-clothes shop there are many like it in --that quarter— a dirty, sinister den, showing in its win dow rusted pistols, bowls full of buttons, and tarnished epaulets ; in front were hung, amid sordid rags, a few old officers' uniforms, rain-rotted nnd sun burned ; 'With the slope-in at the waist aud the padded shoulders, they had an almost human aspect. vidal, seizing my arnr-with hie right hand and turning his slightly tipsy gaze on me, raised 'his stump to point out one of the uniforms, an African officer's tunic, with the kilted skirt and the three gold braids making a figure eight on the sleeve. '? Look ' he said ; ' that's the uni form of my old corps, a captain's tunic.' Drawing nearer he made out the num ber engraved on the buttons, and went on with enthusiasm : ' My regiment ! The First Zouaves ! ' Suddenly his hand shook, his face darkened ; dropping his eyes, he mur mured, in a horror-stricken voice : ' Mon Dieu, what if it were Jiis.' Then brusquely turning the coat about, he showed me in the middle of the back a little round hole bordered by a black rim— blood, of course— it made one shudder, like the sight of a wound. 'A nasty scar,' I said to Pere Vidal, who had dropped the garment and was hastening away. And-foreseeing a tale 1 added to spur him on: 'It's not usually in the back that bullets strike captains of the Zouaves.' He apparently did not hear me; he mumbled to himself: 'How could it get there ? It's a long way from the battle field of Melegnano to the Boulevard of Ureuelle ! Oh, ye», I know— the carrion crows.tliat follow the army; the strippers of the dead! But why just there, two steps from the military school where the other fellow's regiment is stationed ? He must have passed; he must have re cognised it. What a ghost !' ?? See here, Pere Vidal,' said I, vio lently interested. '6top your muttering, and tell me what the riddled tunic re calls to you.' ,,. . ; Except for the two absinthes, I doubt if he would have spoken, for he looked at me timidly, alniOBt suspiciously. Sud denly, with a great effort, lie began: ' 'WeH, then, here goes for ? the. story; i can trust you; you wilt tell roe frankly, on your honour, if you think my conduct excusable. Where shall I begin ? All, I can't give you tilts other man's sur name, for he is still living, but I will call him by the name he went under in the regiment — Dry-Jean— and he de served it, with his twelve drinks at the stroke of noon. ' He was sergeant in the Fourth of the (Second, my regiment, a good fighter, but fond of quarrel and driuK-*U the bad habits of the African soldier; brave as a bayonet, with cold, steel-blue eyes and a rough-red beard on Jiis tanned cheeks. When I entered the regiment, Dry-Jean had just re-enlisted. He drew his pay and went on a three days' spree. He and two companions of the same kidney rolled through thelow quarters of Algiers inacab, flying a tricolour bearing the words 'It won't last for ever.' It did -wind up with a knock-down fight at a Moorish woman's dive. She got a kick that did her op. JDry-Jean a cut on the head from a triuglo that aearly finished him, a fortnight in the guard-room, and the loss of his stripes— the second time he had lost them. .-'V ' Of well- to-do parents with some, education, henrouldhave risen to be* an officer long before if.it had .not been for 'his conduct. Eighteen nionthB later he got his stripeB back again, thanks to the indulgence of the old. African captain who had seen him under fire in Kabylie. Hereupon onr old captain is promoted chief ct battalion, and they send us out a captain of twenty-eight, a Corsican named Uentili, just out of school, a cold, ambitious, clever fellow, very exacting, hard on his men, giving you eight days for a speck of rust on your gun or a but ton on your gaiters ; moreover, never having served in Algeria, not tolerating fantasia or the slightest want of disci pline. The two took a haired to each other from the first : result, the cuard rooni for Bry-Jean after 'every diftjking bout. When the. captain, a blackaviued little fellow, aestfnas a bristle, with the mustaches of an angrj? cat, flung his punishn-ent at Dry-Jean's head, adding cnrtly,'I knbwyou.my man.and I'llbring you to order !' Dry-Jean answered never a word and walked quietly away to do pack-drill. But all the'tjame, the cap tain might have come oft his high horse a. bit had he seen the rage that reddened ' the sergeant's face as he turned his head and thti hatred that flashed through his terrible blue eyas. - - ? I ' Hereupon the emperor declares war against the Austrians; ' and' we are shipped oil to Italy. But let me come at once to the day. before the Battle of Melegnano— where I left my arm, you know. Oar battalion was camped in a little'VillBRe. Bird before breaking the ranks the captain had made us a speech —rightly enough— to 1'emind us that we were in a friendly country and that the slightest injury done to the inhabitants would bit punished in an exemplary way. Curing the speech, DryJean— a little shaky on his pins that morning, and for the beBt of reasons— shrugged his shouldern slightly. Luckily the captain didn't see it. \- ' At midnight a-noise woke me. I sprang from my heap of straw into the farm-yard, and in the moonlight I saw* group of oomradeRBnd peasants wresting froni .the arms of Dry-Jean, raging like a lion, a handsoniewench, dishevelled and half. dressed, who was calling loudly on the Madonna and all the saints. I was hastening to help, when Captain Gentili arrived. With one look— the Corsican had a paralyzing way— he cowed the ter rified sergeant; then reassuring the Lombard girl by a few words in Italian he held up a trembling finger before the scoundrel and Baid: ' ' Dogs like you deBerve to have their brainB blown out; as soon as X can Bee the colonel, you lose your stripes again, this time for good. There's to be ught ing to-morrow; try to get killed,' ' Sure enough, atdawu the cannonade awoke us. The column formed, and Dry Jean— never had his cursed blue eyes glittered more ominously— placed him self beside me. The battalion moved for ward ; we were to dislodge the white coats, who, with their cannon, occupied Melegnano. Forward, march! At the second kilometer the Austrians' grape shot cut down fifteen of our company's men. Then our officers, waiting for the order to charge, made us lie down in the grain- field, sliarprshooterwise; they re mained standing naturally, and our cap tain wasn't the least straight of the lot. Kneeling in the rye, we kept on firing at the battery, which lay within range. Suddenly some one jogged my elbow. I Lurned and saw Dry-Jean, who was look ing at me, the corner of his lips raised leeringly, lifting his gun. '' ' Do you see the captain P' he said, nodding in that direction. ' 'Yes, what of it ?' said I, glancing at the officer, twenty paces oft. '.' ? He was fooIiBli to speak to me as he did last night.' '' With a swift, precise gesture, he shouldered his arm and fired. I saw the captain — his body bent backward, his head thrown up. his hands beating the air for an instant— drop his sword aud fall heavily on his back. ' ? Murderer !' I cried, seizing the ser geant's arm. But he struck me with the butt of his rifle, rolling me over, and exclaiming : ' ' Fool '. prove that I did it !' ' ' I rose in a rage, just as all the sharp shoot ers rose likewise. Our colonel, bareheaded, on his smoking horse, pointed his sabre at the . Austrian bat tery, and shouted : ' Forward, Zouaves ! Out with your bayonets !' ' Could I do otherwise than charge with Hie others ? What a famous charge it was, toe ! Have you ever seen a high sea dash on a rock 't Each company rushed up like a breaker on a reef. Thrice the battery was covered with blue coats and red trousers, and thrice we saw the earthwork re-appear with its cannon jaws, impassable. ' But our company, the Fourth, was to snatch the prize. Jn twenty leaps I readied the reduubt ; helping myself with my rifle butt I crossed the talus. 1 had only time to see a blonde mous tache, a blue cap, and a carbine barrel almost touching me. Then I thought my arm flew ott. 1 dropped my gun, fell dizzily on my side near a gun-catriage wheel, and lost consciousness. 'When I opened my eyes nothing was to be. heard but distant musketry. The Zouaves.formingadisordered half circle, were shouting ' Vive I'Empereur .' and brandishing their rifles. ' An old general followed by his staff galloped up. He pulled up his horse, waved his gilded helmet gayly, and cried : ' ' Bravo, Zouaves ! You are the first soldiers in the world !' ' I found myself sitting near the wheel, supporting my poor broken paw, when suddenly I remembered Drv-Jean's awful crime. At that very instant he stepped out of the ranks toward the general. He had lost his fez, and from a big gash in his close-shaven head ran a trickle of blood. Leaning on his gun with one hand, with the other he held out an Austrian flag, tattered and dyed red— a flag he had taken. The general gazed at him admiringly. ' ' Hey there, Bricourt !' turning to one of his stofl; ' look at that if you please. What men !' ' Whereupon Dry-Jean, in his canaille voice, spoke up : ' Quite, so my general. But you know —the First Zouaves— there are only enough left for once more '.' ' ? I would like to hug you for that !' cried the general ; ? you'll get the cross, you know'; and still repeating, 'what men !' he said to his aide-de-camp some thing I didn't understand— I'm no scholar, you know. But I remember it perfectly: * Worthy of Ptotarch. wasn't it. Bricourt ?' \- ' At that very moment the pain was too much for me and I fainted. You know the rest. I've often told you how they sawed ofl my arm and how I drag ged along in delirium for two months in the hospital. In my sleepless hours I used to ask myself if it was my duty to accuse Dry-Jean publicly. But could I prove it K And then I said : ' He's a scoundrel, but he's brave ; he killed Captain (iwitili. but he took a Bag from the enemy,' Finally, in my convales cence, I learned that as a reward for his courage Dry- Jean had stepped up into the Zouaves -tf the thiard and had been decorated. Ah ! at .first it gave me a disgust at my own cross which the colonel had pinned on me. in the hos pital. Yet Dry-Jean deserved his, too ; only his Legion of Honor ought to have served as the bull's-eye for the squad detailed to put him out of existence. - ' It's all far away now. I never saw him again ; he remained in the service and I became a good civilian.' But just now, when I saw that uniform with its bullet:hole — Qod knows how it got there —hanging a istone'S'throw from the barracks where the murderer is. it seemed to me that the eaptaln.the crime still unpunished, was clamoring for justice,'.. ? ?. , ? I did my utmost to .quiet Pere Vidal, assuring him that he had acted for Die best. Five days later, on reaching the office, Vidal, handing me. a paper folded at a oertain paragraph, -murmured gravely: ' What did I tell youf' I read : ' Another victim of intemperance. '. —Yesterday afternoon, on the' Boule vard do GreneHe. a certain Jean Mallet, known as Dry-Jean, sergeant in the Zoua vesof the Imperial (iuard who with two companions had been drinking freely, was seized' with delirium treniens while looking at - Bome old uniforms hanging id aisec ond-hand shop. He drew his tayonet and dashed -down' tht, street to the terror of all passers-by. The .tw privates -vith him had the;utmost difficulty in securing the juddman, who shouted ceaselessly : 'rLani.not . . a murderer, I took an Austrian nhg at Melagnano 1 ' It seehiB that the latter statement is true. Mallet w»b decorated for this feat ; his ad ,: dictidn'to 'drink has alone -prevented him from risiDg in the ranks. Mal let was conducted to the military hospital of tiros-Caillon, whuhee he will soon be transferred to Chareu ton, for it is doubtful if .he can re cover his reason.' As I returned the paper to Vidal, he looked at me -niwming)y,Bnd concluded : ' Captain Gentili was a Uonioan— he lias avenged himself 1 ' 