NOVEL. The Martlet Seal. By Jeanette Walworth. CHAPTER VIII.-(OONTOTUHD.) ' Celeste waa a wiser nurse than I took her for. 1 had no ' business ooming in here to talk to my little siok wife. I am going. Norrie, and I shan't come back until you sead for me, darling. Only don't keep mo away too long. I miss you BO, dear. So do all the | boys. I wiBh-' 'Stop! stop! Btop!' It was a cry of pain. ! He did Btop, and stood wonderingly silent While she went on impetuously : ' You axe talking to me as if I were a lunatic or a ohild. A child you know I am not. A lunatic possibly I might beoome, if falseness, deceit, oowardioo, duplicity inna- man were all that was nooeasary to make a lunatic of a woman. When I^said that I hated you, I meant it ! When I recoiled from your touoh as I would from that of a reptile, I meant it ! You are a reptile, John Lorimer !' Ho blanched at her scathing denunciation of him, and, turning his face from her, he stood with folded arms loosing down into the fire. It was on record in the medical journals, he reminded himself, that people frequently turned upon their very dearest friends when dementia seized upon them. Chalmers must be summoned at onoe. He would not add to her excitement by a single word. She stopped speaking. He oould hear the tumnltuous breathing that lifted the folds of her white wrappor in billows of passion. After a little while her breath came more placidly. ' Is that al), Nora P' he turned and asked her quietly. To soothe her ezoited nerves waa his one object just then. 4 That is all. Is it not enough P' . Quite enough in the way of condemn» . tion.' He had turned towards the door. . You ate going ?' she asked, drearily. . Is not that what you want me to do ?' 'Yea.» 'Yon know my theory always has been that the veay worst a good woman oan think of a man falls far short of hi8 deserv- ing. I hope you will feel better to- tnorrov, Nora. Try to sleep now, dear.' He waa gone ! She looked stupidly at the wooden panels of the door through whieh he had disppeared. 4 Not one word in self - defence ! He oould not look me in the face and defend himself ! That mnoh to his oredit. And now let mo finiBh my work.' Shu resumed her writing. Hor pen Ifairly flew over tho paper. Sheet after sheet she filled, folded, enveloped, and directed, until four closed envelopes lay before her, upon one only of whioh Bhe put a govern- ment Btamp. When Cclesto brought her luncheon to tho door, she found herself looked out. Whon Bho knookod two or three hours later, and informed 4 Madame' that she waB there with tho dinnor-iray, eho wan still looked out. When she oamo again at Uttup- ligbt, oraving pormibeion to put tho child to bed, the door wan opened Buflloiently wide for Ninette to creep in, aud through the orevioe Celeste waa informed that Mrs Lorimer would attend to the ohild herself that night. She waB at liberty to dispose of her evening in her own way. I' The way Coléete did disposo of it waa not st all In 4 her own way.' She was entrapped on her way down the stairs by tho mistress of Whito Olifld and «awn into the Bitting-roont, where th« family phyeîoiar, assisted by John Lorimor and his mothar, oroes.qnoBtioned her rigidly ond exhaustively as to Mrs Lorimer's mental condition during previous nouralgio attacks. She slipped away from them, when they , had extraoted from her a vast deal of infor- mation Bhe had never Buspeoted herself possessed of, and crept into a cot in the hall, just outside Nora's door. John himself had looated it. She had assured him confidently that a mouse could not stir in Madame's room and she, Celeste, not hear it from .that position. It waa from that night that Celeste Bougereaux alwayB dated her belief in ghosts, and regarded their visitations aa presages of evil. She told the story of the White Cliffs ghost always with unction. 4 It was not of ghosts I was thinking,' she would tell you, . that night. I waa awake. I oould not sleep. The hall was I large and strange to me. The cot was narrow- I was restless. I was thinking of the child Ninette, and how she must have missed me, when of a sudden 1 felt a cold wave sweep over my face and I saw a white figure gliding noiselessly across the hall and turn towards tho steps. I oovered my head with the blankets, chilled but not frightened. Celeste Bougereaux is not a coward. When I looked again, there was nothing to bo seen but the oold pale moonlight streaming through the uncurtained dormer window upon the bare floor of the hall. The next morning, Mrs John lorimer was not to be found. I told no one of that vibitation from the White OdfE* ghost. Bah! the pro- vincials, they would have had no faith in it or in me. But I have seen what I have Been.' - - One portion of Oeleste Bougereaux's story was irrefragable. It was on the morning after she slept on the cot in the hall that John's wife waa not to be found. On tho desk in her room were lying three sealed envelopes. One of the envelopes waa addressed to her husband. To him she said, ' I married you for Ninette's sake, I leave you for your o wn. Yon may be a trifle shocked at this violent rending of the feeble ohain that links us together, but I fanoy yon will be infinitely obliged to me in the long rnn. Consult some of your lawyer, friends and see how the knot can be untied legally, for I would not have you lose the full fruits of this sacrifice by reason of obstacles in the path of your marrying again,-moro felicit- ously next time, I will hope. I have no intention of making away with myself.' Anothor one of tho envelopes was addressed to Celeste. To her she said, ' AB soon as you have read this, ask Mr Lorimer to send you and the child to Glen burnie. Take with you her trunk and the envelope addressed to Miss Fairbanks, whioh I leave with this. Be good to Ninette, and stay with her : it will be to your interest.' The third envelope was addressed to Miss Fairbanks. To her she said, ' I am not conducting my project in the way I bad planned before coming to White Cliffs. But, after all, we are the merest puppets in the hands of Fate. I had meant my little Ninette should win her own way with you before I made for her the startling claims of Kinship. She is Sibley Fairbank's daughter-his only child, born in holy wed look. Her mother and father did not live together happily. He deserted her: she had to make her own support. As all of the papers wore in his posaeagion, it may be some time yet before tho ohild's legal claim upon you or upon your father can be estab- lished. She is the ohild of my only sister a younger sister, lo whom I was idolatroualy attached. John Lorimer's suit for my hand carried no weight with it until he aooident ally mentioned the fact of having the Fair- banks of Glenburnie as neighbors. I meant to have kept Ninette myself until her claim npon her grandfather had been made BO clear that he would gladly have recognised it ; but it has been ordered otherwise. If your first impulse should be to order Oeleste, the ohild's nurse, to leave your presenoe and take the ohild with her, stop and deliberate twice before you send your brother Sibley's infant daughter adrift in an unfriendly world. Until I procure the proofs of what I say, you must take my simple assertion. Every word in this letter is absolutely true/ 