CHURCH OF ENGLAND CON VENTION. The nnmml Onireli ol England convention lor h» deepening o< the spiritual life was continued yesterday at the Y.M.C.A.-hall. PUt-utrcct, under the presidency of tiic itcv. Nathaniel Jones (principal of Moore Theo- logical College). At the afternoon session the prcsiacn. cava the second of llie series ol Bible readings, Ids su n icet lming the witness and indwelling of the Holy Ghost. It was a mistake, lie said, for Christians to pray for tho descent ol the Holy Ghost, who hail remained with the Church since the Hay ol rontecost. Tlicy needed r.ilher to pray that the Holy Spirit should take possession of them An address on the general topic of llie convention was also delivered try llie lev. J. H Mullens, who ilea ivitii the various platforms of Ghristlon attainment as set forth in the first three chapters of Ephcsiaiu. At the earlier evening session addresses were given en the sulileet- o( "Christ and money." The flev. John Hiviu elaiined that Christians were responsible In Oral for tlieir time and health— for tho use of every iK1oef and faeuitv— and for every pound tliey sih-iu. Matty Christians spent more In imaginary wans ana luMirii-h than they gave to Hod's work. People who li. every lusnrv. ovcrvthliig they neeiled 111 business in the home, when asked lo give to Cod's work, frcjiiesilly replied that thev couldn't afford it. He lield th-d then was not a man or woman professing to be a disciple ol CiirisPs who was doing Ids or her duty unless they gave nt least 10 per rent, to Ciod. If all gave lis l.ml ll»« nrnmiered thein. tin- exchequer ol the Church would a filled to overflow i up. As if was, they found all soils ol dishonoring devices being resorted to by the chiirclies lo nay their way. Such modes of raising money iim frequently mule the Church 11 laughing-stock Ui the world, 'llie iter. Joseph Best spoke on "Christ a claim on their monev, and how to meet it." Ho did not believe tin bloa vnnmt imcs raised by people that they were ion niuir 1.0 meet 'Hie elalinn ot Christ. At the later, session addresses on the general theme, "Be lllled wilh KuiriL," were delivered liy llie Revs, Henry Martin and J. W. fiilletl. The convention choir, under the directum of Hie Rev. .1. Best, led the singing at each of the meet- illCS- mmm— 