FEDERAL POINTS. The argument of the opponents of the present bill rests on the assump- tion that the cost of Federation will have to be met by the present popu- lation, without their receiving any benefit therefrom whatever. The thing is absurd. A united Australia will mean a wealthier people, made ao by the increased gain which must result from the amalgamation of conflicting interests, and the increased produc- tion, and enlarged population which in the natural order of things must follow the final settlement of this question. _____ . « Whether the increased cost ' will be 3s 6d or 20s, or 29s per head, what will it . matter if Federation js_ the means of putting that additional amount and more into people's pockets to pay it with? The addition of 2s 6d per week to a man's wages, or * per cent, to a manufacturer, or other producer or dealér's profits, would make all that difference and more ; and, at the Eresent time most people know that otb the average wage earned, and the'; average profit made, are lower than they have been for years.; are lower than they ought to be, and are lower than they would be if the commercial interest, of the colonies were more uniform and placed upon a sounder basis generally. - People talk a great deal about the crushing burden of taxation under a Federal tariff - 22s 6d a year! Assuming for the sake- of argument this is correct, the present duty on spirits per proof gallon is 14s. ¡ If any one 'will calmly try and reckon up how many of his friends consume two gallons of spirits each during a whole year, and thus contribute 28s per head to the revenue, and how many consume a , great dear more, he will have à clear, idea of how little the ordinary taxpayer will feel the weight of Federation, and1 how very far 1 off . the.. country is from having to tax every man," woman and child. The drinkers and smokers will continue to pay. for tho non- drinkers and non- smokers as usual... Undoubtedly the people will have greater power than under any con- stitution -in the world; and the Upper House (the States Senate) will be controlled by manhood, suffrage and be subject with' the Representative House under.1 certain conditions to Referendum, as the ultimate. voice of tho people. . « Fédération is not unification; it implies union, but not unity.; The Federal form of..* government occu- pies a middle plane between'separ- ation and complete consolidation. This plane can be reached either by ascending from a completely separate existence, as in the case of. the United . States of America, or by descending- from unity, as in the case, of Upper and Lower 1 Canada, which previous to the' formation of the Dominion , had but one Parlia- ment between them. g The identity of the various colonies will not be merged in the Federation. One House of the Federal Parlia- ment will be based on population, but in the other House every 'colony, whether large or small, will be equally represented, and both houses will be based on manhood, and in one case on adult, suffrage. The Federal authority will deal only with matters of common interest in which individual effort is insufficient and joint action becomes necessary, but there will be no!destruction of the, individuality, of the component States. The contrary will be the case. As in a community the highest development of . the individual is possible only under the most highly socialised conditions, so does. the Federal relation between States afford an opportunity for the elaboration of the life of each indi- vidual State to the highest degree. Federation will come not to destroy, but to fulfil autonomy. Were it otherwise, Federation would be but a doubtful boon to a British people. The supremacy of the British race springs from the capacity of its citizens to manage their own affairs. It is: that very genius for self government which has built up the stupendous fabric of the British Empire, has incarnadined the map of the world with those choice flowers of civilisation, the British: colonies, and has converted the ocean itself, into nothing but the^ main thoroughfare of Greater Britain. Analogous to the famous social con- tract intended to preserve the rights of man, Federation is a solemn com- pact between States mutually to respect the rights of each other the individual existence of each element is guaranteed. The smaller and weaker aro protected by the Constitution against any usurpation of their privileges by the more powerful members of the organisa- tion. . ' Federation is an ingenious device for combining the vigour and homo- geneity of a small State, with the, powers of defence and facilities for commerce that result from the development of a large territory. It is a brotherhood that admits of manifold diversity, and gives to each of its members the opportunity of accomplishing its destiny. Put it how we may, the real cost of Federation is the actual expense to be incurred on the new departments of government we propose to create. The Finance Committee appointed by the. Government last year esti- mated this at half-a-million a year for the whole of Australia and this, , shared in by all the colonies in pro- portion to population, is well within the means of each. Flexible, yet firm, Federation is undoubtedly the form of government of the future ; and who shall place a limit to the vast possibilities which are presented not only to the British Empire, but to the whole English speaking race, by the contemplation of a sufficiently elastic bond to admit of the autonomy of the several parts while providing for the co-ordination of all the members for the purposes of mutual defence and advancement ?. The Articles ''.of Union have been drawn , up with consummate skill by.succeeding Conventions. No more statesmanlike instrument of govern- ment has ever been ; formulated. The whole measure' is instinct with trust in the people and faith in the. future. And from their hearts may all Australians exclaim, when the Federal barque is launched : " Thou-taOj_sail on, O ship of state I Sail on, O Union, strong and great! Humanity with all its fears, ' With all the hopes of future years, . Is hanging breathless on thy fate ! " Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea ! . Our hearts, our hopes, are all with thee ; Our hearts, our hopes, ourprayers, our tears, Our faith triumphant o'er our fears, "Are all with thee-are all with thee I" The Hon. Sir Phfflp~Fysh, K.C.M.G., says "In 1861, Sir James ,Youl, Mr. "Wentworth and others memorialised fora Federal Enabling Bill. Never from that time to this have we lost sight of that great idea, and how we think the time has come when, for getting our provincialism,'we should take our stand on the broader and firmer platform of Federation. I believe we are on the eve of accom- plishing the great object to which we haye aspired. While we" shall have the world for our marketsj we shall have freetrade ?' amongst ourselves, and we shall no longer submit to those bickerings" which have too long marked pur, local Parliaments. I say we cannot for long ren'ain as we. have been ; at present we are - a kind . of' heptarchy. We number some 4,500,000 ' people, and we,-',have amassed!,, enormous . wealth, . some £1,300,000,000; we have a great sys- tem of .railways,- some 13,000 miles, compared with -20,000 'in Great'Bri tain ; we have adorned the country with magnificent cities ; we have lighted up the ocean highway with 125 lighthouses, and we have a happy and thriving,' a peaceful and .law-! abiding and loyal people. . , »! , , We have a hope we shall build up a people as mighty even as that of America "itself,. especially wheri,.we remember that, ¡America, with, her .thirteen States,' started 110 years ago with a population of less than 4,000,000, that her revenue was less than ¿£2,000,OOÓ¿ '. and that her, trade was inconsiderable;' Althoughlwe! have the .poor always, with . us, yet throughout the whole of Australia, notwithstanding the terrible crisis bf 1893, we can say that ; we have sur- mounted our difficulties, that we can look the whole. world in the face, and.that if we owe £220,000,000 we haye more than enough. in accumu- lated . wealth to pay our debts: In the ¡. history ; of , our race we have never lacked; men capable of giving the load. ' ':"? , '.::^' :u.-..- ^ y J Lord Jersey: I hope and .believe that under Federation the spirit of the different Colonies will in no way be tied down-or put into a box, and that Australia-; itselfi rwill be far stronger and greater;-that1 under this system there will be finer oppor- tunities given to people to serve the Colonies to the ' best of their ability and with advantage ; to , the ' public. Dr. Cockburn has stated that Fed- eration does not mean entire unity of action or thought. It certainly means' unity of action,; supposing danger arose. It does hot follow, however, that everything in Aus- tralia will be cut and dried accord- ing to one sample. I believe in diversity of opinion, and one great source of the strength of our Empire has been that so many opportunities aré given: to its diffierent ' parts to govern themselves according to their fights. As long as we are united by general laws in defence and in loyalty^ to the Crown, we need not fear if in places there should be some differences in domestic affairs. The Federal Bill in its present form provides for the creation of a new, Parliament of two Houses, both elected from the whole area of Aus- tralia. This Parliament will not interfere with the constitution bf the Parliaments now existing ; it will only take over some of their powers. It will deal, for instance, with defence; it will fix all future Customs tariffs ; it will carry on and manage all post-offices^ and tele- graphs ; it will legislate in regard to the exclusion of Chinese or : other alien races ; it will control naviga- tion and shipping; and it will deal with many other topics.of legisla- tion in which the whole people of Australia have identical interests. New South Wales, we aré told, will have to see her customs duties raised to a very much higher figure than at present, in addition to her direct taxation. If Mr. Reid went out of office to-morrow and a Protectionist Premier crfîne in, would he have ?the ghost of al chance to raise the cus- toms tariff unless he at the same time lowered the direct taxes? Even so, no future Premier in New South Wales would hold office a week after Federation, if he at- tempted to keep up the direct taxes as they are now in the face of the fact that the Federal Parliament will be levying heavier customs than we have now. -The clauses which deal with the bonuses are 51, sub-section III., and clause 90.; Clause 51, sub-section UL'," says : - " The Federal Parliament , may : grant bounties on the pro- duction or export of goods, but that such bounties ' shall be , uniform J throughout the Commonwealth." Unequalled and Invincible Wood's Great Popper-1 mint Osre for CoaghB and Golds, ls Gd.* Clause 90 is as follows :-" On the imposition of uniform duties of Customs the power of the Parlia- ment to impose duties of Customs and of excise, and to grant bounties on the production or export of goods shall become exclusive. On - the imposition of uniform duties. of Customs all laws of the several States imposing duties of Customs or of excise, or offering bounties on the production or export of goods, shall'cease to have effect; but any frant of, or agreement for, any such ouhty lawfully made by or under' the authority of the Government of any State shall be taken to be good if made before the thirtieth j day of June,-1898. ;t 