THE STAGE. On Tuesday evening the students of the University Conservatorium, of Music gave a scries of scenes from various operas, which were al successfully carried out. The proceedings opened with Mozart's Don Juan overture, lo which succeeded a por tion of the third act of Faust, Miss Maude Jenkins singing tho Flower Song, while Miss Marguerite Henderson rendered the Jewel Song. Next came an aria from the Hermit's Bell (Les Dragons de Villars), to which Miss Mona M'Caughey did full jus tice. The well-known Page's Song from Act 1 of Tho Huguenots afforded Miss Maud Kowson an opportunity of displaying a pleasing and flexible voice, while the air for Queen Marghcrita, which comes at tho beginning of the next act, was very credit ably sung by Miss Kate Samuels. A scene from tho third act of Der Freischutz came next on the programme, and here Miss Mona M'Caugaev made a decided hit as the frolicsome Ana, her delivery cf the mock heroic song, about the ghost her grand mother caw, being capitally given. Miss Martha Kievcsahl also sang Agatha's mu sic very acceptably. Tho best scenes of all. however, ‘were those from Aida and Lohengrin. In. the former excerpt Miss Elmhirst Goode both sang and acted well as the ./Ethiopian Slave, and Miss Con stance Browne made a very competent Amneris; and in the latter Miss Florence Towl's Ortrud exhibited s\to ng dramatic power coupled with effective singing, while •Miss Marguerite Henderson made a very satisfactory Elsa. The orchestral accom paniments were under Mr Marshall-Hall's guidance. Mr Williamson's "Secret Service" Dra matic Company will probably produce a new drama at Sydney Royal during the Christmas season. The M'Adoo Jubilee Singers will give a sacred concert ih Ballarat on Christmas /Eve. Her Majesty’s Theatre, Sydney, was well patronised on Tuesday afternoon, sth inet, when a matinee performance was given in aid of the Patriotic Fund and Lady Ran dolph Churchill's hospital ship. An ex cellent programme had been arranged by Mr Williamson. The sum of .£177 12s lOd was taken. •Mr Williamson has purchased tlie Aus tralian rights of Tess of the d'Urbervilles, the dramatic version of Mr Thomas Har dy's romantic novel by the author and Mr Stoddard. Miss Edith Crane and Mr Tv rone Power are coming to Australia under engagement to Mr Williamson, and will appear in Tess- Miss Crane is remember ed in Australia as Trilby. The London "Daily Mail" remarks: "In reviving ‘The Sign of the Cross' at the Lyceum. Wilson Barrett is giving us the opportunity of renewing our friendship with ft plav which hr© broken all records all tho world oven. No pifcce essentially serious has ever bad , »o>p\enomcuaVa sue-, cess, has cver—if ire fexceiit tho great clas pi C c—attracted ; to the theatre so many * people, has ever uaitofl in one chorus of praise every sort and condition of play peer. The lowest computation of the num ber of people who hare seen ‘The Sign of the Cross’ sounds almost incredible—out it is true —12,55Q,000. 