-.The Deeming Murders in England. How Tliey Were Discovered. A True Detective Story. It was bitterly cold in the city on the , 9tli of March, 1S92, and tiny stalactites ; sl of slowly-thawing ice hung from the heavy moustache of a strongly-built man who had just comcin: from, the street outside, and was resting his elbows on the mahogany writing-table of one of the largest dealers in dairy produce in London. The dealer and his visitor talked in rapid confidential tones upon \- - business matters, upon the prices and \- qualities and grades of butter, upon the : state of the market, cargoes and methods of packing, the present glut and the \- future prospects of Danish, Normandy, 7 and Australian sorts. Cling-a-ling-a-ling went an electric-bell across the passage, and in a moment or. two : a well-drilled oflice-boy knocked at the door, and, addressing the latest "'I comer, said, "-You're .wanted - at the telephone, sir." The stoutly-built man: stepped -across : to the telephone, and raised the receiver to his ear. , " nullo, there. Is that you, Lowe ? came a voice out of nowhere, disentan gling itself with difficulty from the con- ; fused current of interwoven noises that crossed each other on the tingling wires. V "Yes. Who's speaking ?" " Towncnd, at the ' Argus' office. V Look here, I want to see you as soon as possible. There's a big murder case on in Australia, and we've just got a cable \- from the office in Melbourne instructing us to make inquiries at this end. Be as sharp as you can." \- Mr. Samuel Lowe, -member of the Lon- ; don staff of the " Argus," dropped the instrument, hastily - apologised to . the . merchant, - and went down the office staircase three steps at . a . time. ..... Com- merce absorbs a large amount of . the ' average pressman's time and attention, \- > but it sinks into insignificance in the presence of — Crime. . s. A quarter of an It our later Mr. Lowe and Mr. Townend were staring intently . at the sheet of paper lying on the table before them. The cable message from \- -Melbourne read simply,. " Inquire Scot land Yard. Williams murder. Send por traits. Interview mother." \- ; Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Lowe in- terrogatively. Mr. Lowe looked at Mr. Townend Affirmatively. " All right," he said, " I'll look after it." The Bow-street officials were polite 'but unsatisfactory. They had. never heard of a- murder in Australia in which a person of the name of , Williams was concerned. It. was as. though one had, asked them for. details . about a man named Smith wanted for a forgery com mitted on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination o£ newspaper files at the Central News Agency failed. to disT close any accounts of the murder, men-, tinned in the cable message, and two hours had passed without the -faintest. ; - gleam of light being shed upon the oc currence. - " Scotland Yard, cabby." shouted the stoutly-built man through the aperture . in the roof of the hansom, and sat back in the seat to think hard, .as the experi- enccd London cabhorse skated over the , slippery wood blocks of the Strand, heading for the mysterious building in which the highest detective acumen of England daily gathers up the clues of ' information that come rolling in from that quarter of the globe. So busy," in deed, were the autocrats of the- metro- politan police and the detective depart-: ment that they could not even see Mr. ; . Lowe when he sent his name in by the ' ' ' German man-servant. If Mr. Lowe de sired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shore and Super- . intendent Anderson, but the occupant of , the hansom cab had still another string to his bow, and as the cabhorse skated back into the city Mr. Lowe again de voted himself to an accomplishment which is, unfortunately, growing rare— that of. thinking. As a result of his cogi- : . . tations, the cabhorse was - pulled on to his haunches in front of a red lamp, and : Mr. Lowe lost no time in explaining the position to an old acquaintance of his— "the, police official in charge. . " I fancy this is what you . want," said ; the officer with a smile as he spread : the " information sheet" for : that very day on the desk before him. and pointed to entry No. 44, which contained a full description of Albert Williams, wanted for wife murder, at Melbourne, on Christinas Eve. 1S91. The entry set forth that Williams spoke with a Lan cashire accent, and stayed formerly at Rainliill. Tt was signed by Superintend- .ent Shore. . Mr. Lowe devoured that information sheet jyitli the hearty appetite of one who has been subjected to semi-starya- tion for some time past. He committed the entry to memory: verbatim, by read ing it over carefully two or three times. \- a knack which is always useful to a journalist. M. Blowitz, the Paris cor respondent of the " Times," proved its value when he learned off the terms of , peace at the close of the Franco- German War in one reading, and telegraphed ; _them in extenso to his paper. Only M. Blowitz was dealing with murder on the grand scale— the murder that is com mitted with grape and shrapnel" and bayonets at the charge ' - 1 When Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland Yard after a hurried visit to the "Argus" office in Fleet-street he had a letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting information in his pocket, and lie had the information it self up his sleeve. Warned by his pre: vious experience, lie" omitted the forma lity of sending in his card, and running up a flight of stone sfeps and along a passage, entered Superintendent Shore's private room, and introduced himself in person. The superintendent eyed him coldly, and read the letter asking \- for particulars as to the murder and for the address of "Mrs. Williams" in Liver pool. 9 " I know nothing at all about it," said the superintendent in the measured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to be economical in adminis tering his stock of veracity ; " and, moreover,", he added with engaging frankness, "if I did know, I should not tell you." Mr. Lowe leaned across the table with a queer smile and looked straight into the superintendent's eyes.' "As you know, nothing about the matter," he said, " perhaps you will allow, me to enlighten you. Albert Williams mur dered his wife in Melbourne on Christ mas Eve. He formerly stayed at Raiu- » hill. He speaks with a strong Lanca- shire accent, and there is a detailed description of him published "in ithe . forty-fourth entry in to-day's informa tion sheet. It is doubtless correct; for the memo, bears your own signature, Superintendent Shore.-' The superintendent sprang to his feet. "The man who told j"ou this shall be dismissed, from the force," lie hissed with an oath. " Don't you think you had better find him first ?" replied the other with just the suspicion of a sneer, " and; you may discover; when you have got him, that he is not under your authority. The city police and the metropolitan con stabulary are very different bodies, as you know." Few men would attempt to bluff a Scotland Yard superintendent in his 1 own milieu, but Mr. Lowe tried it on for the sake of the friendly police officer who had shown him the informa tion sheet The bluff came off, and the king of clubs was safe, but the superin tendent never knew that it was the only card in his opponent's hand. "I am going- to Liverpool to-night," Mr. Lowe remarked as lie buttoned his overcoat, "to follow this thing up." \- " We shall be delighted to . hear, of your discoveries," said the superinten dent - sarcastically. " By the way, when you get to Liverpool you might call on Inspector Williams— he is in charge there— and tell him that his brother has committed a murder in Australia. He. will be so pleased to see you." "Thanks for the hint," rejoined the pressman. " I shall certainly call on Inspector Williams. I shall tell him that I' do so at your request, and that I am instructed by the Scotland Yard authorities/ to -furnish them with any information that I may gather. Your recommendation will, no doubt, be of great service to me." And he bowed himself out, leaving Superintendent ''Shore fully three inches smaller in sta ture than he had been before the com mencement of the interview. " Where the deuce is Rainliill ?" asked Mr. Lowe anxiously in the office after wards. " Rainhill," replied Mr. Townend ora cularly, emerging from a dusty file of the " Liverpool Post," " appears to be a lunatic asylum about ten miles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up, or you will miss the express." "It seems to be rather a wild-goose chase, doesn't 't ?" said Mr. Lowe. Mr. Townend looked at him straight " It's the biggest wild- goose chase a man was ever sent on," he said, "but we have our instructions, and we must carry them, out." Then he turned out his pockets, and produced a couple of sove reigns, and 4s. 3d. in silver, which he sanded to Mr. Lowe, remarking that the banks - were closed, and that ho would want some money. The petty cash-box yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate neces sities the amateur defective entered the next stage of the inquiry— and a cosy first-class on the 10.5. p.m. express to Liverpool. Half-past 9 next morning found him at the headquarters of the Liverpool detec tive department in Dale-street, and the officer- in charge, though at first sus picious and reticent, gradually thawed under the influence of the strong per-, sonal recommendations from Superin tendent Shore, which Mr. Lowe pre sented glibly by word of mouth, adding, with a deft adaptation of the superin tendent's sarcasm, that he was com missioned by the Scotland Yard authori ties to furnish them with all possible information about the murder. Thus it wasfthat he enlisted the assistance of the officer, who, by merely pressing an electric button, summoned to the joint consultation a constable who was well acquainted with Rainhill, and in the space of a few minutes Mr. Lowe learned that Rainhill was a township with a; population of about 2000, that it contained a . lunatic asylum, two churches, and a railway station. on the Liverpool and Manchester line. But the constable knewno one there of the name of' Williams. Mr. . Lowe ruminated for a -few> mo ments, chewing the end of his big mous tache. " Can you put me on to the lodal gossip ?he said, " the man or woman who takes an . intelligent : interest : in other people's business, and knows all about the births, deaths, and particu larly marriage that have .taken place in Rainhill for the last twenty years or so ?" ; '"v . ' " There's John Higham," said the con stable reflectively. "He's the local letter-carriei'. and he knows every one in the placed . Perhaps lie might help you." Of course : just the very man. and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close to the haunts of the wild goose after all. : : It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and hurrying squalls of hail and sleet But when Mr. Lowe reached Rainhill the storm was over, though the soft, white, newly-fallen snow covered the whole township like a shrond. He des patched a lad from the railway station in search of John Higham; who presently appeared, wheezing; and opened his old eyes in astonishment at .the tale which the stranger had to tell of a squatter king. who had died in Australia, leaving a fortune of fabulous amount to his next of kin. a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rainhill. Old Higham knew two ladies of the name of Williams, who were both' interviewed at once, and left to their own flustered j anticipations as soon as Mr. Lowe had satisfied himself that they could have no possible connec tion with the murder. Here the scent" \- was lost temporarily, and he had .to cast about patiently to recover it. As he walked down the street with old Hig ham. there appeared upon the scene young Higham. i a stripling of IS. who assisted his father with the delivery of the mails. To him the old man unfolded the story-of.the fortune which had been left in Australia, and of the efforts which were being made to recover the long- lost heir, a lucky individual named Al bert Williams. ; ; : - Thd ..'.hoy's features worked in a des perate effort to grasp the thread of; some associations, and then his eyes tool: on a new light, glowing with the joy of a great discovery. " Feyther." he said, speaking in the long, liquid. Lancashire drawl. " donnt 'e moind thot theer Williams as coom'd to Rainhill hist 'arvest-toime. Mayhap 'e war tha feller. 'Tm s married Emmie Mather an' took 'er off to Chaney ?" "Ay. 'ay. sewerly." the old man re sponded. " I moind 'lm well, ma lad. 'E rented Dinliam Villa from Mrs. Hayes, an' Ben: Young cemented the kitchlng floor fur Mm. - Dear. dear, so 'es coom'd into a fortin. I halius tliowt theer wur suthin' qnare wi' him afoor 'e went away. Ay, tliot's 'im, sewerly." = 'Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary ex clamation of surprised delight. - When -hounds are hunting live game and they nick up the scent again after a chock they always give tongue. - "When did . you say he married her, my lad ?-' - he said. "Last "arvest-toime." replied the lad. " oop at tha choorch yonder. They wur married by passon 'Isself, an yo can see tha stlffkit If yo lolke. But 'ere. cooms .Toe Pickering, 'e marriel Emmie Mather's sister, an' 'e can fell you moor o' Willums than-me." , Joe Pickering, a stalwart young car ) 1 penter, remombered Williams perfectly, and recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dinliam Villa when the cementing of the floors was being car ried out. by Ben Young. Moreover, he had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather by Williams from Melbourne, - in Australia, in which Williams said that "dear Emily was quite happy, aud in the best of health." The letter was dated sometime in January. There could no longer be any doubt in Mr. Lowe's mind that he was on the right scent, and lie almost whistled as he remembered that the unfortunate " dear Emily" was murdered by >jjie polite letter-writer on Christmas Eve. Higham, sen., in his capacity of parish clerk, soon found the marriage register in the vestry of the old church, and turned up an entry relating to the mar riage of Albert Oliver Williams, bache lor, and Emily Mather, spinster, A copy of the entry would cost 3s. 7a.. he remarked meaningly. Mr. Lowe handed over tlie fee, as well as a couple , of half-crowns for the old man's private purse. "Yo woant want the munny hack if it's not tha roiglit Wiliums, will: 'a said 'the careful clerk ; and when re assured on the point went off to call the " passon." Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, were both at home " when Mr. Lowe called, and was shown into the neat little parlour, with its horse hair sofa and armchair, its cheap Ger man prints on the walls, and its square table in the middle of the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathe matically in the centre. The visitor introduced himself by handing the old lady his card. "I re present the Melbourne ' Argus,' " lie be gan,:" and also (after a short pause) Scotland Yard. I want to ask you about "a Mr. Williams who married your daughter last September." It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the letting of Dinliam Villa, which belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view, the pro perty had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to tike the house, and when lie came for the key lie met Emily. He feil very much in love witli Emily, and almost at once proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinliam Villa, in the kit chen, which had been newly cemented. Certainly some of the neighbours had blamed lier for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but lie was a free handed, well-spoken man, and he had promised her a good home. They were very liappy together, and Emily lia<l written several letters home since they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, but her husband had written from Melbourne. "Now, Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, "I want to ask you about your daugh ter." The old lady looked up at him sharply. " I want to know first/' she said, "what you are driving at, and I will not say another word until you tell me." Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, " I have something very painful to say to you. I am going to -tell you now about two ' people, a man aud a woman. The man, I am positive, is Albert Oliver Williams. The woman may be your daughter, or it may be the woman who, I have as certained, came to Rainhill to visit Wil liams as his sister, bur who,' L have rea son to believe, was bis wife. Williams murdered his wife in: Melbourne on last ChristiiiasvJSve." Almost before lie had finished speak ing Mrs. Mather had fainted, and it was not; without .some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. - Pickering together managed to' revive her. Then he told her. all that he knew, weaving the tan gled scraps of information together into as consistent a whole as possible. But there were still some terrible gaps to be filled up. " Mind you, I do not believe that it is your daughter who. has been murdered," said Mr. Lowe, arguing against bis own convictions. " I think it is very pro bable that his real wife, who visited him here at Dinbam Villa, followed him to Melbourne, and' that when she made her self known to him there, and reproached him for his desertion, he took her life." It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. With her hopes her strength revived, and unlock ing an old-fashioned secretaire she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits of both the bride and bride groom. After a little persuasion she handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to Lon don and: get them copied, receiving in return ate assurance tliat-they would be safely guarded and given back unin jured. i " Now, you must tell no one what- 1 have told you," said-Lowe as he took his leave. " It is absolutely necessary that you preserve the strictest secrecy." And the old lady, terrified and full of vague misgivings, pledged herself to silence! When Mr. Lowe took his seat in the up express for London he had good reason to congratulate himself upon his day's work. He had succeeded beyond his most sanguine anticipations, and he bad made his position secure by closing the door completely against subsequent in quirers for information. Not only had he extracted a promise of silence from the one living individual capable of giving/positive information about the murderer, but he bad swept off all the letters and all the portraits as well- that is to say, all the documentary evi dence and all means of identification. After rifling tlie treasure: chamber he had locked the door, and left with the key in his pocket. Next. morning, the "Argus," away on the other side of the globe, published an .interview, three-quarters of a column long, with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl whose remains; had been dug up a few days before from the ce mented grave in the house at Windsor. It was the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian journalism; Backwards and forwards between Lon don and Liverpool went the restless Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet lie was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister, or, more -probably, .the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Rainliill with her four children, kept An intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain, She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, , lie could find no trace of lier whereabouts. She and her four . children were like so niany unquiet ghosts that refused to tee laid until they were avenged. " As this last thought struck him, Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to his forehead and found it wet. He was sweating from sheer excitement. A vague idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Rainhill once more, and hunted out Ben Youug, the man who had cemented the floors' of I the kitchen and scullery in Dlnham Villa under instructions from Williams. I " Where did you get the cement from, Ben ?" was the first eager question, j " It wur in the cooch 'ouse," said Ben. To the coachhouse accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evident ly contained cement. ! " Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels ?" asked Mr. Lowe. I " Naw," said Ben Young. ! . " How much did you use, then ? For heaven's sake, hurry up, my good man. It's a matter of life and death." f Ben Young collected his thoughts deliberately. "A iaaid doon tha stoof oot o' two o they barls,!lhe replied, with irritating slowness. "A lcnaw nowt a boot this 'ere other wonn. It wur emp ty afoor a got tha job." I " Empty before you got the job ?" echoed Mr: Lowe with a ring of a strengthening conviction In his voice. " Then what became of the cement from that barrel ?" The. village plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to side, "but' never a word spake lie.. Mr. Lowe might as well have asked him what had become of the snows of yester-year, i Then a great light flashed in upon the amatenr detective's bynin, illuminating all that was black a moment before, and silhouetting in the sharpest outlines ob jects which up to that moment had been wrapped in darkness. When tlie line- of-battle-sliip shows her mighty search light evgry detail of the torpedo boat stands rfevealed. painted inblack.upon a disc of blinding white. I " Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find the missing woman also," said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, I and darted off to submit Ills ideas to Sergeant Chipcliase, the local constable, , with whom he at once concluded an offensive and defensive alliance against tlie outside world. Sergeant Chipcliase laid the facts before the district super intendent an official named Kelly, and tlie digging then began in Dinham Villa, under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging tlie result of which most grnesomely . verified the calculations which that far- sighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Ghilde Ronald to his Dark Tower Came. Four sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange exhu mation. Under the stone floor of the kitchen tliey came upon the cement from the third barrel, and in the cement i they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. Tlie woman and three of tlie children had their throats cut from ear to ear. and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes line, which was still round its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusually interest ing cable message to send to the "Argus" in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instructions he sent r complete report of the murders which he had been mainly instrumental in dis covering, and with : which all England was ringing some hours after. When the story of the Rainhill mur ders was published" in the "Argus," alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning. Albert Oliver Williams. : alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Wi ndsoi- chn rge broke down, .the Rainhill case would bang him safely enough; > : " All ! Mr..;Lowe,'- glad to see you,?' said Superintendent Shore' next day, stretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. " Let me congratulate yon upon the smartest -piece of detective work that has been done In England for many years." "f y 