FRITZ MULLER BENEFIT ' CONCERT. The Town Hall was crowded on Sat urday evening by an attentive. If some what lethargic, audience. His Excel lency the Governor, Lady Brassey, and tnriv nYrlvod nunctuallv at S o'clock. nnd waited nearly till the end of the programme, leaving during the playing by Master Mullet of one of his own com positions. This young plutiiat is cer tainly a marvellous boy; it really seems a case of genius. He is precocious, but at the same time absolutely sane and natural In mind uml musical taste. Nothing more Interesting has been seen in Melbourno for an ngc than this sturdy lUtle figure sitting at the piano, his head not above the level of the book rest, "playing for nil he Is worth" with a self-absorption, an . earnestness, and certainty of Interpretation which would suffice many far older players. The great point about the hoy's playing Is Its uncons&lous; Tightness of conception of the music; he could. not have been ' taught nil he docs. His .technical oxe-' cutlon Is splendid for his ngc. Though only a "feather-weight" at present, he has been very properly taught that the piano Is an Instrument of percussion and in the loud passages hits out at It In the way . which is sure to bring out abundant power later on. His pieces, which were played without book and with thorough understanding and accur acy, were a Bach Gavotte, Mendelssohn's short E minor Scherzo, Schumann's F major Novelette, and , Weber's rondo, with the Chopin G major prelude for encore. In the second part he played three pieces of his own composition, which. If (lotto unaided, are almost as surprising as his playing. To alter.Tennyson, Frita Muller "does but play because ho must;" but still very great credit must be remembered as due to his teacher, Miss Adelaide Burkltt, who lias put him on the right road, and hitherto reduced his faults to a mini mum. The concert reached Its highest artis tic level In Madame PJnsohof- Wleder- mann's'singlng of Schubert's grand song The Young Nun. The whole poem, the thunderous crashing storm and howling wind shaking the convent rafters, the spiritual unrest and fervid religious cx- . altatlon, the peaceful sound of the dis tant tower bell calling forth the final humble "Alleluia," was sung with a musical finish and a dramatic intensity very rarely witnessed. Miss Billings' accompaniment was good, hut hardly strong enough. Miss Amy Castles song in the second part. Miss Castles will, It Is hoped, "to my frank speech give pardon." Miss Castles haa been advised (and surely there Is no financial Hon In tho way now) here previously to go away and study. What she Is doing is this: singing with immature and half-cultivated voice many songs In a hiost immature style. If she goes on like this there will soon not be very much of her lovely voice left lo train. A bad performance of "Casta Diva", does not matter any more In one way than a had performance of, say, "East Lynne," but Miss Castles singing of Bellini's be-bnrrcl-organcd strain wa.? a travesty. In ''I-Iotne, Sweet Home," (ac companied by Master Fritz) the exquisite quality of her voice showed out in a way that led her admirers to Indulge in Ju dicious grief that she should wear away her vocal energy in pieces which, though never worth singing, she will he able to sing only after two or three years' hard study, and a period of total abstinence from platform appearances. The second best performance was Mr Alberto Zelnmn's beautiful violin romance by Svendsen, to a very indifferent accom paniment Mr Zolman also joined Mas ter Muller in the first movement of Beethoven's sonata In F No. 5. Mons. E. Napoleon Hoffard sang In pleasing, and, Indeed, In tho perfect French "chanson" manner, Godard's "Florian's Song," and the still more beautiful "Angels Guard Thee." Mr Louis Luscombe sang correct ly. "O, Palermo, Adored Land," from Verdi's Sicilian Vespers. Now, none of us had done anything to Mr W. G. Barker; we only wanted to'hear his fine manly voice. And yet MrBarkercamo and tried to make our fiesh creep with that gruesome keen, that garrulous " me mento. mori," Callcott's/'Last Man," un fortunately very well sung. Tho more "serious," and less humorous of the aud ience clapped, and the encore (also well sung) was as violent a contrast ns going to a .Punch nnd Judy show returning from a funeral— "tlio Yeoman's Wedding Bong." The "Last Jinn" resuscitated, I presume, to marry the readily consent ing ghost of the "Last Woman." Mr Wal ter-Barker, besides accompanying these songs, played finely a harp study by Thomas, Mr II. A. Thomson was not as good an accompanist as lie could lie; he seemed shy of the plonoi and unduly timid In using Its full tone. Mr H. J. Al- sop- played "God Save the Queen," and blew us out on a voluntary with the Tubas. Can the "Authorities" whom, like the old Greek gods, "it Is dangerous to threa ten, and Idle to pray to," do nothing to Improve the disgraceful means ofexlt for a crowd In the Town Hall. It takes ncor- ly :e!ght minutes to get from the centre or. east end of the reserved chairs to the' top of the Stvanston street stops. Mean time unwilling knuckles perforce knead unoffending backs; aklrts are trampled and torn; shirts crushed; breath squeezed out and exhausted; und language such as Is heard only occasionally/at Munici pal - meotlngs, with difficulty repressed. 