THE TRUE IMPERIALISM. •; (Bv ■ Kev.- TI.J owettj -M.A.) :> -"Ho! everyone- that tmrsteta, come ye■ to tae■ waters."—isaiah ;lv.* ■ w Who are these thirsty, souls ■ panting .for \- a satisfaction which; they . have- not , yet. • found?- . Theyrare the people of., the hill ; country, now .exiled to. the plains. They have-been bereft of - the :, .companionable \--apocalypse of ,the heights, and they are ; now immured in the unsuggestive monotony of 'the plains. .■-The . heignts abound in • speech. . The plains are silent. I do not /■ .think you will find a. single. helpful figure \- in the entire-■ Bible borrowed - from the plains. The plains be prone as a speechless «•' sphinx. t--The hill.country is full of. voices, loud in. their intimations, prodigal an reve ;■ lations.--Its phenomena-are the messengers -of-the infinite.—There towers the rugged \- height," firm "and immovable, standing sure \- and steadfast through the ficlde and varied ." years.-: . What is its-suggestion? "Thy \- righteousness is. like. the great, mountains." \-- -Yonder come the-" treasure-laden clouds, t-driving m from the great deep. They ^un burden their wealth upon..the shoulders of Carmel, clothmg it with a garment of. rare . and luxuriant beauty. • What is their sig ; nifieance? "Thy .mercy- reached even unto ■ the clouds." : Here," on these bare, basaltic ' heights the tired and-heated traveller rests . sin the cool and healing shadow, of a fnend " ly. rock." What'is the. speech of the sha : dow ? »• i "He -that dwelleth. m the secret \- place of'the most -high shall abide under . ; the shadow of the Almighty." In the hill \- country-all- things, are-but the .vestures and vehicles", of kTger : things -of spiritual ira .. portl-i-The-hghti-soft-wmd that stirs rand \- breathes m; the dawn—it. is-G-od who rides -'■■■upon- a cherub,- yea,-> who 'Ties upon.-.the ■ wmgs of the wmd."- The gentle, mollify ing rain falling upon the parched, bruised, broken' stems, of . grass:—"He shall- come down like ram upon the mown grass." The end of the drought; - the unsealing-of the springs" among the hills; : the,, gladsome soimcl of the river as it laughs and dances down the bare and,rocky gorge. What is. its significance? "Thou sbalt make .them dnnk .of the , river of Thy pleasures.-". - It \- was an expressive,: voiceful,.suggestive \- land. Its features interpreted the face and. character of God: Laud and people-were \- in communion,- and their, intercourse con .. cerned thernearness.ahd the faVox and the', providence of-the Lord of Hosts. But now the land and the people-are divorced. The " people are, borne: away into captivity.'They. Leave-.the -hill- country, so rich in inter preting- speech,- and:.they pass . mto the -"speechless monotony of the plains. Their. , environment is dumb.- Their dwellmg-place is no .longer a-sacrament. It is common, • -vulgar, and insignificant. They have passed •-frommatnre.to .art and artifice. They have left the shepherd, and met the! merchant! The quiet labors of the pasture and the vineyard .are effaced l^ the pompons show . and; glitter of a swift and ^feverish civilisa •• tion. Away in the_ hilhcbuhtry the'; lanes' ■■' were floodedTwith rivers "of sheep.-.' ' Look 'through thc_i^bcIs.:of:,Ez^el,:and you ■ can see the streets and lanes of the -exile— \- "chariots like-whirlwinds," ."horses swift er 'tharr eagles," "horses and chariots," Tiorsemen with spears, and burnished bel .mets," "wheels" ; and-, "wheels" and ''wheels,? all suggestive of the swift street \- life ju»d the .impetuous rush . of - the trium .. pliant: city." v, Go. in to tfee'-Book - of DanieL '• and you can hear its gaiety, and its revelry. —"the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer." You \- -can see its rivers, broad and brimming, the rivers by, which the exiles sat down- arid wept. : You can see . its spacious estuary, the "desert of the sea," the "great seaj" : crowded with shipping, laden with the pro duce of. India .and Arabia; and, i perhaps, "the wealth" of. distant Britain. . JEzekiel has described it as a "land- of traffic," a' "city of .-merchants," keen, intense, open -eyed, and pushful: The emphasis of' its \- Life, gathered round its youth and trade. Iri a.'very'.; suggestive,-, succinct,: and pregnant ■:r ward-ithe pr-ophet sums it' all.-up when he .; stwSfZIh&e;" cry,"' just •: where 'the clamor of the. country gathers, , just where .you .are \- hearing its most emphatic babble, "Their cry iq in their ships." It is a. place.- of :j merchandise,' and.' trade. Now, take the people: of/the,"Bracing, -speaking, hfll-coun ■ try, and. immure them in this.sweltering and superficial plain. -In.all the crowded ' —1te'.by "which they-are engirt there- is •goJ^Pe suggestive.of (lod.'Ih all Ibeffiiil ■ taywlmoushurrying and rushing there' is nothing significant of the coming and .go ing of God. , There was grandeur, hut the grandeur- had no. voice. It was. gran deur without revelation, and "- grandeur without revelation'is never creative of awe. Where there is no awe, men steD with flippant tread. The exile felt theilamor,! felt the power of the grandeur,"but in " the glamor and grandeur forgot his God: The glitter allured him. The snake breathed out its tinted bubbles,- and lie followed in pursuit. He became a traitor/ a traf I plunged his soul in commerce. Ihe mstinct of the dealer xapidly?matiired. .tUs eyes became heated with ever- increas ^y,-- feverish., lust, His: vision -.was* more and , more horizontal, and less and less' vertical. Ambition waxed feverish, and -aspiration waxed faint. The spirit of the conqueror infected the captive. The babble of. Babylon entered. into Israel. -Success tvtis enthroned in place of holiness, and the soul bowed down and worshipped it. ihe exile embraced the world, and shut out the infinite. THE THIRSTING SOUL. How, what was the issue of that? The exile made money. He increased it by in creased _ trade.' He' amassed possessions.. ttis body revelled in conditions of ease. ilis_ carnal appetites delighted themselves m fatness. He climbed- into, positions of eminence and power. What else? "In :the fulness of his sufficiency he was in straits.' - The body luxuriated; the soul languished.' He drenched the body with comforts; - but he .couldn't appease its ten ant. "Soul, thou bast much goods laid up, eat, drink, and be merry!" And still fue, sold cried out—"I thirst," and dis turbed him like an unquiet ghost. He spent Money and more- money, but was never able - to buy the appropriate bread. He plunged into increased labors, but bis only that "which satisfied not. ■ The body toiled, the brain schemed, the eyes coveted and'still the soul cried °ut I thirst." How brethren, when there sits in the soul' a hungry unrest and a' feverish thirst, • life - will drop into faint ness, weariness, and despair.' You rcnieni oor that striking conjunction-in1 the first of the Psalms—"He shall be. like a tree plant ed by rivers of Water. " His ' leaf also shall 'not wither."" That is-a beautiful se quence When there is no thirst at the roots there shall be no "withering of the leaf. What is the leaf? Go out into our glens to-day, vor go out even into the squares and parks of this great metropolis, • and you will find the explanation of the prophet s words.' What is the leaf? The leaf is the early thing, the spring growth, the beauty of the childhood of the year. Andwhat is'.the leaf: in human life? The leaf of human life is the first thifig, the early thing.: It is the thing of the child hood of life.; "His lead shall not wither." The thing that beautified his- childhood sjmfi not wither. In his prime, on into the autumn- time, and even in old age his leaf shall still be green. And 'what is the i 'i r beautiful leaf of childhood? bin-ely-. hopefulness, trustfulness, loveful I Pes?-- : ,hHis. leaf- shall not wither."". When j he becomes an-old man he shall'still be an optimist; when be gets far away, into His v?e beautiful thing of the springtime shall still be green..."It shall be like a tree Planted; by. the rivers of water." "His leaf shalTnot wither." But: suppose he is not by-the river of water; suppose there is thirst at the roots, then life, shall-' faiiit and droop. The fresh' green' thing shall -fade away. The leaf shall Wither, h°pc shall . wither into- . pessimism. Faith shall wither into cynicism. Love .irither .. into , misanthropy: And brethren, where the leaf has drooped-the | life becomes -weary. All . tilings ;be !'«■?« 'a°d "unprofit- ' : ap . % Ve spend our money for that which isnot .bread, and we labor for that wbich satisfieth not." "All is I vanity and . Vexation ' of spirit.". The soul which is unmoved in the: finite feeds itself upon wind. ..We.run and .are weary; we walk and are faiiit..: " ; THE DROOPING LEAP. ,. // '. How has. all, this no pertinency . for our own day? Is the snake triumphant - in oaTr time?, Are. our people in pursuit of the bubble? Is our vision entirely hori-' zontal? Which is predominant—aspira tion or ambition? -Which is more coveted —success or holiness? ' Would it- be an altogether irrevelant quotation to apply the words of the text to our own people, and to_ sayThat we "spend our money for that which is. not bread, and we. labor for that which satisfietb not?" Acquisition and expansion are the primary, notes or aodm? Hfe; The lust of gold and' the lustgof empire are the twin ambitions of our time. The personal and tbe national gloiw-business both appear to be briskly pushed. And is there no thirst, no dis quietude of spirit, no vague unrest,"no drooping leaf? Are there no weary feet? Ho you find the green leaf in our literature tobayy or is our literature pervaded by a faint and weary spirit? : I. would not dream of going to a modern novel if 1 wished] to find, a; strong and fruitful rest. And I would never dream of going to the poetry of the immediate day if I wanted the "still dews of quietness," and the composure of . an optimistic faith Our novels and our poetry ate full of the lr00?wSJeat-™Be'nind t!le droop there is the neohio if J.lfcerature only reflects .the peoDle. Business. /circles. never abounded as f hey Mo to-day in faint -and weary men.: > They: get and spend and spendrandget. but .through - it all persists -the inward thirst -.Thev toil but their labqf^atisfieth not: . . At the end of the. feast the hunger".. is unappeased What is the explanation? "Why art thou cast dowrn, 0 my soul, and why are thou disquieted with.n me? .Thou ' Jra J rivers v P!fasuro!'" ^ thirst". Thou hast abundance of goods." "Thuheer." What .is.to be the remedy? Where is the faction to be found? safas ^ckar the Singer' v'rh<?se larSe note and. ^^, :and:arm,iind plenisb, and siis So cries Wfiliam'Watson, and I.wnnfno better words !n. which to express ffe modern need. Where is the singer? h! ooks roimd aboutr him for-one who can heal .the distresses of doubt, and he ars ^clear ^W^o^laige note and CMffin?' and'arm' aTld plenish, and siis It is beautiful in detail. and- descriptive of the modern need. A faint 5 2^ people needs, rameone to heal it to ^S ik to pWh it, and sustain it. But" ™ brethren, that, some one is not going to be found m a singer, however f clear his note, England is n for ^try-of an unveiled- and redeemed ■ the gospel invitation. . "Ho, every. one. that thirsteth!" - That is a caU to the farnt and the weary. What is_he to do? Incline your ear." "Hearken diligently unto Me." What does that mean. Eirst of all there has to be a di^pbne of the ear. There has to be a detormmed and resolute effort to: listen t0 GodvlFef?'-ye You know the space which these injunctions fill 1n the sacred Book. On every page there sounds the, cry of the herald, "Hearken!" "EiS iv ?°cllne your ear!" How often our Master repeated "the phrase, '^e thS ha.th.ears to hear, let him he4r" The caU is urgent, sharp, strenuous, as though shouted to a man in the gravest p<?ril Thet him hear! The voices of the world are so plausible, so fascinating, so easily sebicing, that if a man is to cafeh the higher voice he must set himself in tlm i resolute act of attention. "Hearken dilf ; gently unto Me!'." That liteafiy meft " put some work into your listemng. In the senate, in the council. house, on ithe exchange behind . the counter in the study,, in the pulpit, be intent on hearing the highest, and. incline .vour ear unto God. Mapy clamorous voices .will call voU from beneato-Mr. Worldly Wiseman,-Mr Phable—1 do not think Bunyan's "Pi! grim s -Progress is antiouated and effete —Mr. Time-Seryer, Mr. Love-the- WorJd— but. pull yoiirself together, and intently listen, that through the noisv clamor voir may hear, the upward. callings of your 2°. ,Hear"en diligently unto Mpl"'-Tnr the individual and for the nation, the dis cipline of the ear is the first steD to the attainment .of a strong, restful, unwearied' and satisfying bfe. , ' THE DISCIPLINE OF THE HEART. " is -tlle next steP- '-i'he discipline of the ear is to be accompanied by the discipline of,the heart. , Listen, and then (yield. -Let. the lricked forsake his way and the unrighteous, man his thoughts." xught hearing necessitates strong and un equivocal doing. «■ Know, and . then dare, xlear the highest and then uneompromis ™1g,ly,„obey,lt- "Yes, but that is impos o -il "^T' you remember, what Bobhrt Smith ^ said-—'^Xt is idleness that creates impossibilities." It is a strange thing that when men make a real work of their re ligion impossibilities melt,«away into glori ous practicalities. When ftichard Cobden began his agitation for the repeal of the Corn Laws, lie was- met on every - hand "with, the objection, that he was. attempt ing, the impossible.. "Impossible,'" said Cobden, "if that,is the only objectionut can soon lie done." . . . Laughs at imposribilities,- l' (;r, -And cries, "It phall be done,"- I _ ' ■' . £[ RIGHTEOUS NATTOIL . ' | I>"taiin^r bhat i perhaps ' dhe.i of . the •greatest needs of . the world to-day is. that some great nation, some great people, like ourselves, having heard the voice of , ®.highest,-shall stand forward.and reso •l ? ' determinedly attempt the impos r-it 'ler begin by divesting herself of all unclean habits, of everything that {? tricky and perfidious and subtle and sel fish and false. : "Let the wicked forsake ways." ; Aye, and. something more difficult-fhan. that. We.have not only to forsake our ways—I sometimes find that rather easy, I find it tremendously difficult to forsake my thoughts. Let the wicked forsake her.Avays, : and let her strip, herself Of all sordid ambitions, of all mean pur Poses, of all sneaking policies and all small conceits. "Let the unrighteous forsake • er . thoughts," .Let her "hearken dili gently to the 'divine, and determinedly follow m pursuit, even when .the way of pursuit appears to lead to impossible helShts, Let her "return to the Lord," and be no longer a democracy, or an aris tocracy, °r a plutocracy, but a theocracy, willingly and ' gladly counselled and governed by Jehovah, Lord of Hosts. , H our English people through its senate, through its council chambers, were to lis ten diligently unto God, and then deter minedly, resolutely, and uncompromisingly to carry this hearing into glorious obedi : enae> what would be the issues? They are uniolded for us in. this chapter with won drous prodigality. First of . all, there is the assured promise of q. fuller life. "Your ^SFf^hafi live." "Your soul!" Hitherto life has been a thin existence, a mere sur- i face glitter, a superficial movement. How, j vitality shall awaken in pndreamed-of depths. "Your soul shall live."" Ldfe j shall no longer be confined to the channels of the appetites,' to mere sensations, to tlie outer halls and passages of the Sacred House. 'Your sou] shall live." The un used shall be aroused and exercised. Un evolved faculty shall be unpacked. Be numbed instincts shall be liberated. Bar ren powers of discernment shall troop from their graves. New intelligences shall be born. The ocean of iniquity shall ebb, and the sea shall give up its dead!" "Your soul shall live." Life shall be no longer scant and scrimpy. Your soul shall "de light itself in fatness.". Every tissue shall be fed. Weakness shall depart with the famine. 'The people that do know their God shall be strong, and shall do exploits." liie tree of its life shall bear all manner of fruits, and "the leaves of the tree shall be 5r t healing 01 the nations." Mark the succession. Here is a people, diligently listening to the highest, and asi delightfully and diligently yielding to it. 1 he inevitable issue is deepened, enriched and glorified life. "Your soul shall live" Now mark the sequence. "Behold, thou shalt call a nation that thou knowest not. and nations that knew not thee shall run unto thee, because' of the. Lord thy. God. for He hath glorified ihee.' What does that mean? It means tbat, a true and glorified natural life is lo.TCI-a ant' glorified Imperialism. Nations .that know not thee shall run unto thee because of the Lord.thy God." mat is the true Imperialism—empire bv moral end spiritual sovereignty, allure men j and dominion by the fascinating ra diance of a pure and sanctified life. "Gen tiles shall conie to thy 'light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising." What is the vulgar Imperialism of to-day? It is empire by grab. It;is expansion by coer CI°2': It is .aggrandisement by the power of the sword. Mark the contrast. "Na tions that knew not thee shall run irato tbcc because of the Lord thv God." Such is-to he the imperial gravitation of a people exalted_ and inspired bv the purifv ,/?sJaDm^ner-?IS'n& Presence of:the' eternal • ,i . ' feneat, is-the'true imperial ism, the imperialism which I covet for mv nation; the glory which constitutes a fade less-dignity; empire—not by the aid of Maxim guns, but by great and heartening evangels proceeding from a redeemed and glorified people. ; When are we going to learn that this is the shining goal of all wprthy national ambition? The mission of artruly great people is to.be: "a witness to the pebplesj^a lender" and commander to. the peoples, a "witness,'! ceaselesslv reiterating the glad tidings of the eternal love which she herself has proved in the power of her own redemption: a 'Tender'" a pathfinder going out among the benight ed peoples who are groping blindly for the way that lends to liberty and light, and revealing unto them the road whose en trance-gate is the beginning of the glad some dawn; a "commander," commanding her willing and waiting servants to go i her, there, and vondor, to China. India, Africa, commanding them to go, and tliey willinply go bearing her shining lines through all the earth, and her words to £ of tlle '""'""Id. "Thou shalt be <;£, ~hereIS a S™n(J and glorious text —. ill on shalt oe called the restorer of paths. It is a glorious title for a great people, and it is descriutive of a glorious mission, and not onlv that it describes the inevitable mission of a great neople which has barkened diligently unto God. and has ihen resolutely given herself 'and surren dered nersplf to a glad and invincible ob° diencp. _ "Per soul shall live," and I do not think I use the words irreverently when I say, "And her life shall be the hgnt of men." _ THE THOUGHTS OF GOD. ** inark the further issues in the .;sequence._M She surrendered her self " lin* glad obedience. There comes as the first' issue of : that :glad . obedience a richer : and more glorified life. -' That" is followed, . by ,a' true imperialism.A true Imperialism is to be accompanied- by a, splendid; - magnanimity.,/-Little-mind edness is to be supplanted by clean .and ^laqious- ambition. The pure and exalted people is to be partakers of, the sublime thoughtsiand purposes of God. My thoughts are not your thoughts. , What are Thy thoughts like, U Lord? As-the heavens are higher than: the earth, so are my thoughts higher than your thoughts." The thoughts of the Eter nal are : characterised by loftiness, by breadth, by comprehensiveness, by an all inclusive sympathy, which vibrates to the most remote, and'not only, to-the most re mote, but which vibrates to the interests • jea, ' as : though each contained, as, indeed, it does, the welfare of the whole. Ihe truly imperial people is to share this spacious and inclusive thought. Small parochial prejudices and petty peddling ambitions will give way to wide-seeinv and far-embracing sympathy. A sterile individualism will yield to a pregnant altruism. A mean and feverish patriotism will -be supplanted -by a generons and frucifying cosmopolitanism. The annexa tion of territories will. be regarded as infinitely inferior to the. salvation of the world. Influence will not be measured by miles, but by magnanimity; empire •vnll not .be computed by so many leagues of earth,.' :but by the multitude of re deemed and' liberated souls; the out skirts of sovereignly will not be defined by bristling guns, but "thou shalt. call her walls salvation and her gaies praise." As the heavens are high above the earth so lofty are to he the tlioughts and pur pose, and policies, and ambitions of a people that has consecrated herself to the eternal God, v \- ■ A GLORIFIED PEOPLE. And no-w note the. climax of the se quence. All this exalted and glorified character, this true imperialism, this splendid magnanimity, is tol issue in a rich, assured, and' beautiful ministry. Ihere is to he nothing wavering and un certain about the moral empire and sovereignty of such a redeemed aua obedient people. Its healthy and health giving ministry shall be inevitable." You remember that "word read to us in our lesson, "As the rain cometh down"— —f ivTsh we ministers could believe it— As the rain cometh down"—I wish the people could believe it—"As the rain cometh .down and the snow, and maketh the earth bring forth and bud," -as the rain and the snow through the. winter- season lead on inevitably to the spring, so the mevitableness of an obedient people, the mevitablene'ss of her history" shall be leagued with the inevitableness of the bud ding and beautifying spring. The puri fied people, my brethren, shall discharge the mission, of spring-maker among the peoples of the world.. Its goings and its comings shall not be creative of destruc tion and distress. It shall be the creator of gladness and music and song. "The mountains and the hills away in Africa, away in India, away in China, -when such an imperial people goes, the very "Moun tains and -hills ■ shall . break before you : into-singing." There shall be no mourning there, no languishing, no havoe. no distress. "The mountains and the bills shall break forth into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands." "Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir-tree;" "the thorn"—with its sharp piercing, pain-giving spikes; "the fir-tree" —from which were made the musical in struments, and especially the framework of the harp;, "instead of the thorn, the pain-making thing, shall come up the fir tree," the music-making thing; the glorified people shall move among the scattered peoples, and shall exercise the beautiful ministry of changing the creators of pain into the makers of melody and prais-;. "In stead of the briar," with its,* bitter, poisonous sting, "shall come up the myrtle free,' ' with its glossy leaves, and white flowers and grateful perfume. '^Instead of the briar the myrtle tree." \ The re deemed and consecrated nation shall exult in a^missiopary ."'enterprise, which shall change^ the" "poisonous enmities and iealojisies of ,the people into- .the perfume 'of sweet and gracious sentiments, and the chastened delights of a holy and blameless life. . ;' : ' My brethren, is not this an ambition worthy of the English people of our own day? Is not this better than the vulgar, blatant, jingo imperialism of our own day, that we, the proud inheritors of great privileges, should now consecrate ourselves to God, and say, "Now God, anything, if it be the loss of ships, the loss of material sovereignty, the loss of empire—anything, God, only let our souls live, and let us go out among the peoples of the earth; wit nessing, leading, commanding, music-mak ing, spring-making, turning peoples who now sit in darkness into the large spacious graciousness of the light of the Eternal God." A full life, a true imperialism, a splendid magnanimity an .inevitably beautiful ministry—'this is to be the 'heritage of a nation which is surrendered to the call of the Highest, and which is rooted by the "river of water of life." It is an am bition which we well might covet for our own nation, a consummation for which we might all devoutly pray. May the good Lord draw our people to the springs! May we turn from our faintness and weariness to "the river of God's pleasures!" "Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters!" The Spirit and the Bride say "Uome." "Let him that heareth say, Come; let him that is atliirst come; and whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." 