PROFESSOR MAX MÜLLER IN INDIA. * Reviewing "Auld Lang Syne: My Indian Friends," by the Right Hon. F. Max Müller, Literature says : Among the varied correspondence with which Professor Max Müller vainly attempts to cope was one collective letter from a party of Indian cloth merchants, complete strangers, which baffled^ him alto- gether. They asked him, among other trifles, " What is your opinion regarding God and the soul?" and " What is the origin of the smallest atoms, and of time ? " The professor feels ashamed that he cannot always answer such inquiries, but plaintively urges in excuse that "Life has ita limits, every day has its limits, and one hour out'of the twenty-four might well be left to an old man for dreaming, for looking back on the years and friends that are gone and forward to that life to which our stay on earth forms, as he thinks, but a short prelude." The tinge of melancholy inevitable in such a válete as he has now spoken is merged in the cheery hope of the song of his own countryman, " Wenn Menschen auseinandergehn, So sagen sie ' Auf Wiedersehn.' " For the professor is a confirmed optimist, and rejoices in it. " I have never in all my life," he says, " repented hav- ing eyes for the bright rather than . the dark side of nations as well as of individuals." He takes the kind- liest view of men and movements, and always sees the best in them. He even maintains stoutly that Indians are not born liars " any more than Frenchmen are born monkeys." The whole book is a warm plea for a sympathetic and respectful treatment of Indian ideas. Prof. Max Müller has felt keenly, what every Orientalist suffers from, the insolent condescension of the average Briton towards everything that is not European. The "stony British stare " regards the highest intellectual achievements of medieval India As we look on the prodigies in our exhibitions, as simply curious. Now, we should never say that Plato and Aristotle were curious. We take them far more seriously. It cannot surely be the brown skin that keeps us from feeling the same sympathy and paying the same homage to the foots and philosophers of ancient India, and that prevents, even at the present day, any real friendship etween the best sons of India and England. But it is so, undoubtedly, absurd as it may seem--skin and language. The prejudice that takes such forms as anti-Semitism is not confined to France, and in England an ordinary man of narrow education .will taboo as a " nigger " a Hindu whose intel- lectual powers and learning are infinitely above his own compre- hension. Then the language is an irrational obstacle. People will struggle through the curiosities of Scottish dialect invented for a " kailyard novel," but a mere Orien- tal name puzzles them at once. " These are our difficulties," says the professor, " when we want to rouse the sympathies of our readers for anything connected with India. Yes, if Gaurisamkara of Bhavnagar were Fergus M'lvor, chief of Glenhaquoich, all would go well." It is simply a matter of custom, and the omne ignotum rule applies with a differ- ence; everything Oriental is uncouth to the uninstructed. Prof. Max Müller recalls the story of how, when Bishop Colenso published an Eng- lish translation of a beautiful prayer addressed to Vishnu, it produced nothing but merriment among his English readers, and why ? Because Vishnu was addressed in it by his well-known popular name of Hari, and the invocation "O Harry" was too much for the risible faculties of John Bull. The same effect was produced upon the Hindus when they were told of a God that had made the world in six days and rested the seventh day, or ' when they heard Christ invoked as Agnus Dei, or Vatsa Devasya. Language is a very important element in religion, and the slightest incon- gruity is sometimes fatal. It is well known that Dr. Arnold had to part with an excellent French master at Rugby simply because he had spoken of the Holy Ghost as a pigeon, in- stead of a dove. The boys could never forgive or forget it. John Bright, as has been said, would have ruined his metaphor about the angel of death by saying the " flapping ' instead of " the beat- ing of his wings"; so vital are shades of language. The only way of overcoming the Englishman's aversion to Oriental names is to drive them firmly into him, and Prof. Max Miiller has set a valiant example by going on writing about "crackjaw Indians" until at last somebody must understand. To be sure, he has a very persuasive way with him, and his famous cun- ning in language has not deserted him in the present work. If any one can make Dvânanda and Deben- dranâth Tagore, Nîlakantha Goreh, Dayânanda Sarasvatî, Râmabâi, and Anandibâi Joshee interesting to English readers, it is he. He has certainly made some of them pro- foundly interesting to us. Whether he ' is dealing with the religious developments which we associate chiefly with the names of Ram- mobun Roy and Keshub Chunder Sen, or with social reformers like Malabâri and Râmabâi, he is equally sympathetic and appreciative. Pos- sibly he over-estimates the influence in India of the several religious unions or Samajes, but he does no more than justice to the remarkable characters, intellectual and moral, of the leaders. Nílakantha Goreh is Perhaps his most successful portrait, ut all are vivid and impressive. The professor's " Indian Friends " are not all of the nineteenth cen- tury. His oldest friends are in the Veda, about which he has always loved to write. Indeed, he spent the best years of his life over the text of the Rigveda, and has a clear right to be heard upon the classic he has done so much to make familiar. As to its mythological interpretation, he stands resolutely to his guns. He still holds that " no literary or tradi- tional documents which we possess . . bring us so near, if not to the origin, at least to the early historical development, of any of the ancient religions of mankind as the hymns of the Veda." And he repeats his original article of faith :-" If any- body, after reading these few hymns, selected quite at random, can still doubt whether the Solar Theory is the only possible theory to account for these Vedic deities, and in conse- quence for the Aryan deities connec- ted with them by name or character, I have nothing more to say. I doubt the existence of such a person. He must in very truth be a ' solar myth.'" Nevertheless, he has some very sarcastic remarks about a cer- tain "cheap scepticism, or, as it is now calleó!, higher criticism," and also about Pacific.Islanders, African negroes, Australian blacks, and other pets of the anthropologists, concern- ing whose Veda-like ideas " our expectations have been raised to a very high pitch, and I still hope that in time they may be fulfilled." The opponents of the Solar Theory are told that " Thinking is difficult, but it is somotimos useful. Such things will be remembered hereafter among the Curiosities of Literature." It will be seen that there is still plenty of fight in the Oxford Professor of Comparative Philology, in spite of years and hard work. But the real charm of his recollections lies rather in their peaceful kindliness, in their wide and tolerant sympathies, and in their earnest aim, which will surely be attained in some measure, of bringing what is best: in India closer home to ourselves. 