GENERAL SYNOD. (To the Editor of The Church of England Messemjer.) Sir— The debate on amending the procedure of General Synod in the late Church Assembly having collapsed suddenly, may be adjourned to your columns with considerable advantage, if you will permit it. After the long and close attention to one great question, physical and moral fatigue made it difficult to take up another question of prime importance immediately, and may well account for the rear! in ass with which the matter was temnorarilv shelved. The subject of the motion of Mr. Hart is surely as important as it is simple. The present position is not always realised. It is this : The dioceses of Australia recognise the value of a general represen tative body, and regularly elect and send to that body their picked men — clerical and lay in equal numbers. This large body of repre sentatives of every diocese is composed of three Houses— the House of Bishops, the House of Clergy, the House of Laymen. No motion avails unless it passes' each House separately. Here surely is safe: guard against 'sudden wild alarms' hard to surpass. If the bishops should want to pass a high-handed measure, the solid body of the picked representatives of the lower House will surely prove check enough. And if bishops and clergy agree to oppress the laity — though how they could oppress them passes understanding — then the House of Laymen can nip tyranny in the bud by rejecting the measure. So, if the House of Laymen should venture an attempt to bring the priests into bondage, and even if the majority of the representative clergy (including most of the deans, archdeacons, and so forth of the various dioceses) were cowed into surrendering their liberty, the Bench of Bishops might surely be trusted to save the clergy in spite of themselves. ? Now, with such safeguards it is reasonable to suppose that the 'determinations,' as resolutions of General Synod are called, would be accepted as expressing the calm mind of the great body of Church men throughout Australia, and that these determinations would be issued with dignity and authority by the President of General Synod whom the Church has long agreed to invest with a higher office than that of Archbishop, by making him Primate of all Australia. But here is the sore point. After the determination of the whole Church in its one representative body has been passed, it must be referred to a higher court for endorsement. And the higher court is formed on no fixed plan ; it has no representative character, it has no continuous existence, and it has no way of making its voice heard except by a silent, possibly churlish, veto. And this veto, let members of Assembly please note, it is not only conceivable, but quite possible, may be effected by only one solitary individual. For what is the procedure? After 'determining' some matter which may have exercised the best brains of laymen and clergy for years of careful preparation, every separate Diocesan-Assembly has to agree to it. If one Assembly fails, the will of all the rest must bow down. Now take a small diocese such as New Guinea, which in a few years will almost certainly have a voice in General Synod. A great and momentous question, denning perhaps the attitude of the Church in the development of the Federal Government, and involving the very foundations of society, may come before General Synod and issue in a determination. However urgent the matters, the deter mination must then, by our present cumbersome method, be referred to the [practically] higher court comprised in the [theoretically] lower bodies of the local Diocesan Synods. Then might it be rejected by a chance majority of one in, say, the small House of Clergy in New Guinea Synod, or its House of native clergymen, and by that one vote a veto be put upon a measure which every single diocese in Australia had adopted. By such a chance majority of one in one House of one small diocese may the action of a whole Church be stultified. But it is not inconceivable that such a measure as I have used for illustration might fail to be understood in a diocese outside the Federal Commonwealth. Archdeacon Langley seemed to find safeguards against a new papacy in the present topsy- turveydom. Does he forget how the Popes of old dreaded constitutionally organised synods and councils ? These must always prove a serious check on attempts at despotic rule. The very object of the resolution submitted to Assembly is to strengthen the constitutional powers of our Church government, and to make the deliberate counsel of the whole Church, ascertained through representatives of every diocese, an effective voice, by freeing it from the tyranny of a chance vote in an inferior body. Should the Archdeacon's fears ever be realised, and any bishop seek to lord it over his brethren in Australia, he would have at hand under our present system an admirable engine. He has only to refuse, in his own local Synod, to give assent to determinations approved by every diocese in Australia, and he can paralyse all action for as long as he likes. Nothing, not even superannuation funds, nor schemes of education, nor united action for opposing the enemies of the Church, could be carried except on terms dictated by the gentleman who had seized the throttle valve of the Church's engine. But when we ? abandon our present fantastic regulation the will of the whole body can no longer be at the mercy of one man. Nor is it supposition only. It is within the knowledge of all that when after careful investigation the General Synod took steps in the direction of organising theological training of candidates, on sub mitting their determination, one diocese which felt it did not need the proposed help, by not accepting the determination, actually put the rest of Australia in the ridiculous position of having to lose the benefit of a determination which they all had agreed to adopt. Who would be so fatuous as to propose the logical parallel in our own diocese ? Yet it would but carry out the same principle to say ?' that after a resolution of Church Assembly had passed the lay repre sentatives and the clergy and the Bishop it should then be submitted to every single congregation, with the proviso that if by a majority of one the smallest congregation of a reader's district in remotest Gippsland failed to endorse the action of Assembly, the will of the whole of the rest of the diocese should count for nought. 'Would it not be well to realise the gravity of facts, and defy bogies ? All who nave sat in General Synod know that this miserable anomaly hampers all effective work. The Church has tied her own hands, and cannot carry her standard boldly. And against us, working per sistently, and advancing her organisation skilfully and solidly, stands the most aggressive Church in Christendom. The Church of Eome is ready to move forward, is ever watchful for points of vantage ; nor is she slow to take them. Is it not time, in view o£ the speedy accomplishment of a Commonwealth of Australia, that the Church in these dioceses should make her unity a reality, and strike off a cumbrous, useless, and dangerous shackle, and have her hands at least free for the work God may call her to do ? Let the Primate know that he presides over a real council of the dioceses as does the Primate of New Zealand, and not over a mere debating committee, and let each diocese sending her picked men trust those she sends. Let them feel that they go as our repre sentatives, and not as mere reporting delegates ; and, above all, let us trust ourselves and the Holy Ghost, whose guidance we invoke in our counsels, and let us free our Church in Australia from an artifice which stultifies her action, and to which it would be hard to find a parallel in any other constitutional body throughout the civilised world. — Yours, &c;, . R. C. Nugent Kelly. 