The Doctor's Step-daughters. [Coptswht. By C. Stafford Chapter IT.- (Conxindkd.-) The rain was beating also on the win- , dow of the consulting-room, making Clinton's dark ?face turn in tliat direction for a moment- The doctor, 'with his Lands clasped behind, and swaying from heel to toe, and from toe to heel, as he talked, was standing before Clinton, ob serving, didactically, as he looked np at his friend, 'My dear fellow, I own she is a nice child, but she is nothing else yet, m spite 01 ner twenty-one years. Her refusal isn't worth two thoughts. Besides, man, she has a consumptive tendency. I am by no means sure about her chest, and you don't want a sickly wife — you've had your share of nursing with your mother. Look at the matter with a clear head, Clinton. She's a nice girl, but she's not the 6afest investment possible as a ?wife.' Whatever sort of head Clinton faccd ; the affair with, he said nothing ; he was not a man, at any time, given to lengthy - explanations. He was a. tall man, with j a deep, pleasant voice, who did not find -00 much space in the small room fot. ? his large, easy way of moving. He half let drop and then caught again a slick he carried, made a sign in the direction of the upper part of the house, and is ted, ' Will she be at Che Lavlngfcons' : to-night?' _ ? The doctor expressed himself incom petent to give a reliable answer. ' All right,' said Clinton, putting his long legs in motion towards the door. ' You won't come up, and — hum — face :t out ? ' said the doctor. 'No,' said Clinton, shortly, as lie jarried himself out. ' Ta-ta, Morris : ;lad you've crossed the Rubicon with aer, on your own account. Bad ten minutes, eh ? ' The doctor gave an indescribable ;ound in reply, Clinton passed out into ibe street, and the doctor turned into his own premises again. The rain had stopped, and Clinton crossed the road under the arch of_ a beautiful rainbow. He looked up at it, md saw four girls at the window above also looking up at it. His dark eyes instantly singled out one face in the rroup. As if by some electric influence ' I'ina lowered her eyes at that moment, md met the glance, a flash of regretful meaning in it, managing to make itself understood by her. Glinton raised his hat and passed on. Tina turned rosy red. Frances put her lips close to Tina's »ar, whispering, ' You do care for him.'' Tina shook her head and turned away. ' I want a cup of tea — tea, not tannin, fou. know ; it mustn't stand more than two minutes. I went into the drawing room, but found no one there.' It was She doctor who was speaking, coming in smiling and dapper. W hatever was his anger when he left Tina, there were no ?igns of it now, as lie perched himself on a sealing-wax red milking-stool in the neighbourhood of a stand on which was cake, &c.;, and began to help him self. There was a pretty 1 ittle scuffle amongst the girls, all wanting to sei -e tiini at once. ' Light the lamp under the kettle. Where's tbe teapot? Susan brought up the blue one with the tea ready in it.' The doctor sat serene, in the middle of the melee . Tina was the only girl who did nothing, though the doctor nodded to her in an exasperatingly friendly manner. The commotion had raised Jack's spirits to such an extent that straight way. if anybody else's voice was to be heard,it was necessary that Jack should be submitted to tbe discipline of having a dark cloth thrown over his cage, and Tina occupied herself with this act of public benevolence. ' Are you going with me to the Lavingtons' to-night, or have I to carry your excuses?' asked the doctor, looking across at her again. I 'How can IP' she asked, looking j shyly round, ' like this ? ' Tina's habit of violent crying, when | rhe world was not going well, with its subsequent result of change in her ap pearance. was well known in tbe house hold. The doctor looked at her criti cally, but chose to view tbe case favour ably, and as no emergency w.is ever known in which he did not suggest some thing, he now said. 'Possibly a little rose-water, cold bathing, and judicious powdering might ? ' He did not finish, but raised his eyebrows in good natured, silent questioning as to what she thought of his recipe. 'I should, perhaps, begin crying again if I went.' There was a chorus of impatient ' Oh's ! ' from the others. The doctor felt, from something in tbe air, that he was not, as he put it, ' going to have any trouble with the rest ; and.perliaps, in proportion, experienced all the more annoyance with the member of his family who was neither entertained by, nor at present entertaining to, any body.' Then I will certainly take care you .'.re not my feliow-guest,' lie said, sharply, in a tone which brought a reminiscence of the scene downstairs. Tina was tired and unnerved, fn the hour which had elapsed between the un expected conversation in which she had heard that Edmund Clinton proposed to marry her, and that her step-father proposed to marry the one girl in tbe whole town with whom she was on strained relations (above all things, so it please you, over some dispute in con nection with along-past church bazaar), 1 she had cried bitterly — so bitterly that ! she was perfectly exhausted. Frances, who had been out shopping, had happened 1 to come to Tina's room, and had found her there Mfrely employed in making herself ill — and a fright. Frances, after having had the whole stovy sobbed out to her, had brought Tina downstairs to have her nerves mended by a cup of strong tea.„,JThe doctor, unfortunately, had come before 'the cure was complete, Tina broke down again, clasping her imau sands tragically, and turning her streaming facc towards hini, she asked wildly, 'What am I to do? ' The . doctor had, its has been observed, a temper somewhere, though it came i urprisingly little to «ie surface. It now launched itself before the public for the second time that day. He took hold of the scarlet legsof the milking-stool as -he sat on it, leaning well forward, with- iris tea-cup, by its own unaided exertions, maintain ing a not very secure balance at the. end af one knee, while he slowly dropped out theBe words, with a distinctness which seemed to add to their semi-brutality : j ' Thait ii your affair. You say youaxej old enough to decide what you won't dot i are old.^enough, I should. *rgue, to make up your mind it v- regard to - what you will do. some paper : , &rfjapostjas; gorerness— ieiwhatl ; -|:p{fagul wfriie, ;%^e^^fe)n3n;'ioine';: : household will turn np' far you, no , , dopibt^ w s: St was like a bombshell dropped in the ' ; place. v 53ie doctor's quick; ears caught pre OTTOTbI gasps, -and he himselE broughtiuB speech to&cloBewitli; ,* sixth \- To my Ibe least of it, anyapartment in his house would, at that tto^e^' have; ;boen « more agreeablo spot to .him than theowhe iiow in. Oat of the tail |^j|pi« «*wtb$ four girUfce mi not immediately addressing interchange a sort of ' Gan I believe my ears ? ' glance, and Frances and the Chinee at once proceed , to fold themselves, as it were, round the irritatingly hysterical person to whom he had spokeu. If that gimcrack Btool Tinder him could at a thought have been turned -into, a witch's broomstick the chimney would certainty have been in request as an outlet for an ' injured step-father. Matters at this point, however, were made a little better by Frances's turning her head round and observing, in a loud'i whisper; ' We none of us are liking it; but if you will let us be, we -shall all ? come round. We will all try to do right.' ? *' She's iiob trying to do rjglit,' said the doctor, not able to dispose of his feeling ' of having been dealt with unjustly at a moment's notice- ' Herbertina lias shown a miserable amount of lit ? ' ' Littleness *' was the word his short peroration had been meant to end with, but Frances startled liim frcm finishing it by a; shrill 'Give over'.' finishing her command by, ' and be pleasant.' The doctor was tickled — so much so, that he involuntarily obeyed by throw ing his head back with a hearty laugh — i laugh in which his ears told him five iistinct giggles joined. One even from the cause -of the disturbance, who, j wing to the other girls stepping back, was revealed with a rather damp hand Kerchief held to her eyes, while the mouth beneath had a three-cornered smile of fun. ' I say, Chinee,'— the doctor changed the subject— 'what a smell of paint there is in this room. You've been what j you call ' AspinaJling ' something : igain.' 44 It is only this,' returned that young lady, apologetically, exhibiting an ivory white paper-basket, not yet dry from -ts last coat of Aspinall's enamel. *' I im going to put a rose-coloured silk bag tn it, with ivory-white and rose-colour strings to draw up, and it will be lovely for the bazaar for the new mission-room on Carrington Bridge.' Bazaars, unfortunately, were not just then a safe topic ; and, as it oocured to ! the doctor that he might, perhaps, now retire gracefully without the aid of the wished-for broomstick, he emptied his tea-cup, looked at his watch, and re marked: 'I have to call on another patient before my dinner-party. What do you say to driving with me, Chinee, old lady?' Chapter m.— ? vV anted, a Situation.. By the time that the doctor started for the Lavingtons, Tina, in the bosom of such family as she possessed, was commencing operations in connection with advertising for a situation as a governess. The girls bad betaken them selves to the drawing- room, by this time, and when the doctor looked in there to say, jauntily, that he was ?' going,' it struck Frances that he was carrying out her instructions to be pleasant with painful thoroughness. Tina was seated at a quaint in laid writing - table, which, some how, in its severe daintiness of line, seemed to resemble herself. From the garden, after the summer rain, there was positively pouring into the room the fragrance of mignonette, honey sackle, and the strong spiced scent of early-blooming tobacco-plants, which Mr. Hanson, the doctor's young assist ant, had ' gone in for' in abed imme diately beneath the open drawing-room window. When the carriage-wheels of the exasperatingly smiling doctor bad trundled up the street out of hearing, Tina began in a semi-angular hand writing, very much lying on its back, ' For insertion in The Weekly Chronicle ,' adding the date of the next appearance of the Tory paper in their country town. She commenced proceedings just as she had done more than once when advertising for a cook or a housemaid to the doctor's household, only in this instance she used a sheet of her very best notepaper ; that much she felt due to herself. After this, with a beautiful caliuraphy, the precision of which also offered her some misterious comfort, I she wrote : — ^^ANTED, a Situation u She had got so far when Frances looked over ner shoulder and arrested her hand. Frances always was incorri gible in the way of interfering. ' That's not it,' said Frances. ' Fve been looking it up, and I see that's not the newspaper way of wording it. They have a heading ' Situations^ anted, ' and then in the column below * Gover ness requires Situation,' so on, and so on. I've been inspecting the advertising i sheet of The Christian World.' ' That was very good of you, Frances,' said Tina, slightly sardonically, rather resenting the excessively prompt and business- like way in which Frances had risen to the occasion on her — Tina's — account. 'Perhaps if you would think instead of look, you would see that I couldn't, with strict veracity, advertise myself as a governess until I've been j one. Could I ? ' J Frances lad a habit of becoming momentarily deaf, when any remark was made calculated to interrupt the stream, or alter the course of a flow of eloquence which she had started. She went on with immovable countenance behind the ostentatiously spread out Christian World. ' Here i6 one. This is how it reads. ~\7' OUNG French Protestant LADY (brilliant J- Musician), certificated, Humbnrj-, and speaking French and English, dvrirei BEEN (iAGEMENT. *' Then comes another: OVEBNESS seeks HE- ENGAGEMENT in a VJ school. Engliib, music, singing, and hir. monj. 'Then there's another: AGOYEBNESS in a family, bj Voting- Ltd; (SO). Certificated. English, French, music, drawing, and needlework. ' Then there's — oh, no,X&m; looking at the wrong column, - somebody wants her — ?piAMILT GOVEENESS WANTED (near Crys ?1 tal Palace). Thorough English, Frenob, and German; Hnitc (Theory), Drawing snd Painting. ' That is how it reads,'' went on Frances, calmly proceeding jn a kind of | blank-verse rhythm of tone which would li&ve; been effective at a pennyread ing AS GOVEENESS, Ten yaala* experience in High School. English, French, math., drill, need!*. ' Gracious 1 ' came a voice from a despondent-looking being, seated on a, hassock, with her liands clasped round-* hp*' knees, staring sympathetically with ttte family grey eyes ,at an equally des pondent-looking Tina. ''' Gracious ! you don't need to be such a mountain of accomplishments as all that-, do you P ' ' Bangles'— the dispirited speaker's— i^dibe wak the vox populi of that meeting The thought expressed by poor Banglet had been occupying |;8feiybody couj; cerned. '* No govierness ui this house— jtbkt ever we had, I -ine^-^wa^ lhai kind -:?[ person,' B&nfeles;^dded, before relapsing into hnmili^^l;file4-«. Frances lowered tbe '-{taper so as to show a curling'' hair, ' two - *jes loolang v^roup. 'Ah, there it is,' she, said,] nofody's to hlame; -ISttj^'ySu^lmb^wei fierer liid^ good ^teaching. When poor j mamma died, the doctor was so young , that, for aj^earimces' sake, our gover- 1 nesses were nice, 3elderly, mnch- behind- : i way, , too, of testins their, Btula^iiity was always +o ask tfiem to ' play something,' don^ jqa rpooliooty w kgpff , whether he was qualified to judge eren of that accomplishment.' Various smiles flitted, over the faces of the ladies of the doleful countenances. The doctor had once -publicly made a remai-k which revealed the fact that he had mistaken the air and time of ' The .Campbells are, .Coming' for the tune with Vhiteh tlief^rords of 'Jerusalem, . the Golden ' are usually linked. . -'But? what 'do you say to this?' added F ranees, wjth a change of tone, iniSinair spf liavihg- reserved the best 'iliToi'ffiitibn Mi*thi'last, as her iface was ! .agaimobscured behind the paper. TTTANTED. a -young lady as Companion GoTer- j V\ ness for a little girl. Pleasant home.— i P. W., The Eosaries,. WhitchamptoD, Hereford- , ihire. '? ?' ' ! The Chinee was the one who took upon ; herself to answer. She had her 'pig- j tail'' drawn under one arm, and, with the waving unplaited quarter-of-a-yard ' at the end; was gently flogging the top rail of a chair, on which sne was kneel ing with her face towards the back. ' If Mrs. Yan Wrexham didn't live next door,' she said, pitching high her jgirlish voice, ' I should think, perhaps, she had gone to live at the Rosaries.' (Mrs. Yan Wrexham was a person possessed by a perpetually expressed desire not to~ hurt anybody's feelings.) 'It is the sort of thing she would say,' finished Chinee, 'if she wanted an upper nuree.' Tina's face, which had brightened, lengthened again. If Mrs. Van Wrex ham was altogether sentimental Tina was three-quarters so; the remaining quarter of her composition was practi cality itself; but quality, however superfine, has, when opposed to so much quantity, to take a back seat. That tricksy magician, Imagination, had managed, in the second's pause, to call up before the three-quarters' proportion of that vitalised atom of the universe, figuring under the name of Tina West, a vision of Tina West herself, in her best whitefrock, meandering gracefully inand outof a sort of labyrinth or maze of rose trees (standards, we may mention), lead ing by the hand an angelic child. The rose garden, Imagination said, would adjoin the grounds of an ancient nunnery, where in the moonlight Tina might wander (still in her white frock), her hands filled with roses, and her eyes upraised to the moon (presumably the little girl liad been put to bed), and meet the ghosts of pale nuns, also in white robes, pacing with silent tread the ruined aisles of their old home. The honeysuckle, mignonette, and tobacco-plants had been the faithful henchmen of Imagination here. The strong, pleasant scents had thrown an amount of dreaminess into the air which it did the girls some credit to have yielded to so little. Perhaps the fact that both Frances and Chinee had slight colds liad something to do with their superior behaviour. Chinee's observation appealed so keenly to the remaining qua iloi' of Tina's composition that she experienced a most painful revulsion of feeling. ' Even if it was really a governess who was wanted at the Rosaries,' she said, with a new sense of enlightenment upon the- ques tion of hersefi, I should never teach well. I never could teach Chinee when I used to try.' ' Perhaps that was my fault,' Chinee consoled her. ' No, it wasn't,' said Tina ; and Chinee knew, in her heart, that the answer was just. ' Do you know, I believe I could teach,' broke in Frances, confidentially. ' Whatever I do know, I want other peo ple to know ; and 1 usually manage to make them see things. That's what the doctor calls my ' bothering propensity.' I can't rest without trying to make them see things.' ' No, you can't,' assented everybody, with not altogether pleasant meaning. ' It is a pity you weren't the one to get wrong wilh Miss Lavington,' said Excelsior. ' What docs it matter about that ? ' said Frances, with a seeming vagueness which turned out to be only seeming later. 4 Housekeeping is my strongest point,' observed Tina, humbly, as she still sat at litr desk, nibbling the end of her penholder, and looking tragically hopeless. Good-night, dear love, God keep thee iu His care, C'inton was singing at that moment in the Lavingtons' drawing-room, with this hopeless - looking person in his thoughts. My hands are ctaspei, my knees ure bowed iu prayer, (So they were, figuratively) For thee, dear love. God fceop thee in His care. Good-nieht, dear leve. To be Continued 