SUNDAY AT HOME. CHRIST'S HUMAN UNDER STANDING. (By the Rev. E. J. Gough, M.A., Rector of St. Paul's, Dundee.) (Concluded.) Sitting in the midst of the doctors.-St. Luke ii., 46. The preacher commenced by stating that, in considering this incident of our Lord's boyhood, we must'keep strictly within the limits of what is actually written in the gospels. He showed that Jesus went up to the Passover, and to the temple, just as the other boys of his age did, and that in his "asking them questions," he only did what Jewish children were taught and en couraged to do. In his answers, he evinced a truly human intelligence, and there is nothing to indicate anything like the assumption of authority. The actual incident reveals his very man hood in its limitations and its neces sities. Mr. Gough then proceeded to state that our Lord's true boyood and mental growth teach us in what man ner and by what means all such growth must be attained. The first thing he mentioned was the necessity of study, and he showed how the basis of Christ's knowledge was the holy scrip tures. This he proceeded to enforce, and speaking of The Value of the Old Testament Scriptures, He says: Men nowadays incline to treat lightly these old testament authorship of a psalm or prophecy; yet from these the son of man drew in. to his human mind divine truth and the knowledge of the divine will. "Search the Scriptures," he said; "they are they which testify of me." Might we not profit by his experience and his advice? Is it not a warning to teachers to give to instruction in the holy scriptures the first place in their system of education, and to parents that they send their children to schools where this is done? But, again, we have in the holy child an example of the capacity with which a sinless nature can assimilate divine truth. Truly The Secret of His Wonderful "Under standing" lay very largely in the 'fact that while in his human nature he was in all points, mental as well as bodily, even as we are, yet he was wholly "without sin." Between that boy and God there was never the smallest shadow. Never did he lay his head on the pillow at night with the prick of conscience at the remembrance of a lie told during the day, or a word of passion, or an act of disobedience or impurity. The conscience was clear, the soul and body clean and white, and so the mind and body lay like a translucent mirror under the revelations of God. Between God's will and that boy's there was ab. solutely no divergence. "I come to do thy will, O God;" it was the rule of his boyhood as of his later years. And to that opening intelligence to which Divine Truth was Ever a Constant Joy, God fotund endless avenues by which to reach his sinless human conscious ness. Did he in later years teach his disciples what the lillies meant, the grass of the field, or the fowls of the air? He was but teaching them what he himself had learned when lie learned when he roamed in his spotless child hood over the hills of Nazareth. God was, indeed, from infancy onwards, in all his thoughts: the very fount of Godhead lay behind his assumed hu manity, and into the expanding human mind poured its treasures of grace and truth. Do we, men and women, learn here the secret of our dulness in the things of' God, our indifference and apathy about them? Is this what our' blessed Lord meant when he said, "Ye must be converted, and become as little children:" and that "things hid from the wise and prudent" may be "revealed to babes?" Ah! but you are inclined to say "We are not Sinless, as He Was; our consciences are seared with the memory of sins gone by; our souls weakened and defiled with the bur den and the strain of sins still pre sent; our hearts and minds are no mirrors for the divine revelation, or, if they ever were so, those mirrors are dulled and will reflect nothing." I know it, I know it, yet I am inclined to repeat the lines of the old hymn There is a fountain filled with blood Drawn fromn Emmanuel's veins. We are not sinless, hut we may "wash our robes and make them white in the blood of the Lamb." Penitence, true and real confession, realised forgive ness, these are within our reach by God's infinite mercy, and it is those who live under his constant cleansing who will keep the mirror of the soul bright to reflect God's image and God':s truth. Yet, finally, we must remember this, that It is not by Mere Human Intelligence or Human Study, though these be needed, that divine knowledge is apprehended. There is another faculty, of the soul rather than of the intellect or the mind, which we call spiri tuality, which is essential for understanding the truth of God. Deep in the human soul of Jesus this spiritual faculty dwelt. It was this that made the sights and sounds of nature, on the' soft uplands and quiet valleys of Galilee, full of the thoughts of Gbd, and drew his human soul in to the contemplation of that unseen world in which his Godhead from all eternity had lived. It was this that made that first visit to Jerusalem and to the Father's house so full of burn ing interest and holy joy to the Child of Nazareth, and with it there was joined that deep reverence of spirit which ever characterises the souls in which God is making himself felt and known. Indeed that divine gift dwells in each regenerate soul which God the Holy Ghost has made his temple; only let us remember how in one that divine capacity becomes enlarged, and in another seemingly undeveloped. Do we, then, know What Tends to Develop and what to Hinder these spiritual gifts? Indeed, I think we do. For what says the apostle?-"They that are after the flesh do mind the things 'of the flesh, and they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit;" and again "The carnal mind is enmity against God." Ease, luxury, self- indulgent modes of life, a mind engrossed solely with business and the cares of this tran sient world-these, given way to, will indeed leave dormant in the soul its highest powers, will stunt its growth and check its development. On the other hand, it is wonderful how the spiritual capacity of the soul may be trained by divine grace, where the flesh is subdued by the spirit. How intuitive the knowledge of the divine will, how clear the insight into the deepest mystery, how sure the steps in the path of truth (where others can hardly see their way), which some souls attain even in this world of uncertainty and doubt! "But this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting." It must be so, surely; for what are his own words?--He who knew our life, who was himself boy and man, who "learned"-ay, "learned by the things that he suffered." Were they not these?-"Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God." 