A PIOUS PUGILIST. A San Francisco -correspondent writes:— Such solace as may come in f,he hour of defeat has Fitzsimmons in the fact _ that his purse is well- Jmed by the encounter with Jeffries, the consolation that the victor islL pious man, vyho eschews strong drink. The crush to witness the battle was unexampled, nearly 10,000 persons being assembled within the walls of the payilion at Coney Island, where the fight took place. As a result, there were gross receipts amounting to '.77,000dol. to distribute between the contestants, and under a private agreement made to induce Fitzsimmons to meet Jef fries the Australian comes in" for about £5000, while his opponent with the honor receives only about £3000. Naturally, Jeffries Is the Hero of the Hour. He is a resident of Los Angeles, in California, where he exercised the trade of boilermaker. until his magnificent physical development attracted the attention of the masters of the pugilistic arena, and' he was induced, without too much- diffi culty to enter that popular and lucrative profession. In four years he has climbed to the top of the ladder. The young victor's father is a clergyman, and although mem bers _ of his - calling are usually inimical to the ring, and the more respectable portion of the inhabi- uuiLH Ui juos iAngeies are reputed to look upon pugilists with horror, Jeffries, jun., went into the fight With his father's blessing (sent by wire like a Papal benediction) on 1 the eve of the battle, and the people of his native town have cast aside all prejudice in his favor and will welcome him home . like a conquer ing hero. More than by his defeat, Fitzsimmons has been, riled by the publication of a letter which he was supposed to have written in a confidential mood to . a friend in the New York sheriff's office, fore shadowing the result and contain ing a warning to his correspondent not to wager, on his victory. This communication was made public on the day after the fight, and. placed Fitzsimmons in An Unenviable Attitude. He was made to say : — " You, no doubt, are well aware of the fact that I am getting along in years, and have for a long time been liv ing a life of ease and quiet, and, as the saying is, have not kept up with the times. My opponent, Jeffries, I must admit, is without a peer in our profession to-day,. and I would consider it no disgrace to- meet defeat at his hands. He has youth, science, strength, and cour age, and, in my opinion, should have no trouble to defend the title (shonld he gain it) from any man of the present time." Fitzsimmons was further made to say that he should certainly remain in the fight for 5 or 10 rounds, " and, if my usual good luck does not desert me, I will certainly win the fight." The letter so accurately coincided with the results that it deceived even the elect, and there went up a howl that the Australian, in the circum stances, should have allowed his friends to hack him up with their money. But it appears that the letter was apocryphal, Fitzsimmons declaring that, not only did he not write it, but that he did not even know his supposed correspondent. .„ The death is announced at the age of 43 of Mrs. Alice Maria Tyson, wife of I and daughter of the tt m? j r Tyson, of Corrong Station, May. lhe deceased lady was a cousin of her husband and a niece of the late Mr. James Tyson. She died at Petty's Hotel, Sydney , on Tuesday, after a brief illness, from pneumonia. Mrs. Tyson, apart rrom the wealth she inherited as one of the next of km of the late Mr. James lyson, was rich in her own right, Mrs. Anna Rivers, an American lady, has begun an action for divorce from her husband. She claims that the ghost of her husband s first wife infests the house and makes her miserable. It appears at nights, and frightens her so she is unable to sleep. It comes near to her, and in dulges in paroxysms of weeping, and occasionally it smashes the furniture. Mrs. Rivers assertions were at first laughed at, but she persisted in them, sate4icaiiy eMmiBea 