THE LAND OF GRAVES. To the anlolnt Egyptinn. death woo but the beginning of a oories of adventures and exporiances eampared with which tho mnot vivid imnaginations of thie lifa were tame. 11e lived with the foar of death before his oyeo. Everything around him reminded him of that dreadful initiation into the mrysteric of the tremendous after.life for whsioh his present oxiutonco wao but a propepavtion. His ooo~o. tories wero .not hidden' away in romoto Isuburbs; his drad were not aovrred with more grassy mounds or a lab of stone. The whole landwas hli& graveynrd; its wholo art was of the mortuary.. " Are there no graven in Egypt that thou hast brought us into thi wildernese to die P" naked the Israelitieo in derision, and we may believo that Memos wineod at the sareasm. Egypt is tho land of graves, end Iho whole unergy of the people, that eonld bo spored from Ieepinhg life together, was devoted to death. The aighticat tomebs in tho worid, thoepyromide, wore raised upon the deaths of neuotitudes of toilitg elaves. The hills were houosyomnbed with paan~ geo end galleries, ehambere, pito. all painfully excavated in honour of thi illnstrions doad, and sculptuired end painted with elhborsate sill toi makeo them lit habitations for his ghsost. Wherover le looked, the Egyptian belseld prisparatioas for the great surniog point of oxistouce. Thi maeon woBe squaring blocks for thle tonlsb eliamber; the potier mioulded imnage of hels gods, or bowlo and jans, to his slaeed in the grave for the protcetion or refreshnment of the Ka, exhausted witll the ordessle of the Uniter world; the sculptor and plainter wore st wslrk upon the walls of the funeral eanciber, illus trating tse oceneo throgli which the ghost was to Isaso, or depiting tlie inlduetrious liso of the departod. Thie very temipleo whicle oluator along the levels besisle the Nile weris, in is snseo hut vostihlbs to tli tombs in thls hills behind. Thi snerod Ilko, now this woody picturesque hiunist of wetorfowol, was then thie scenu of solemin ferryingo of thie dead.. This temple iwsll wore rovered with 5 the terrors of thie judgoent to eoaes. The houses of the living. indeed, wore built of perishing miuds; but the honien of Iho dead, and the shrinas whore supplinition was made to the gods wsho ruled their fato were made to last for over. 