SUPERFLUOUS VEGETATION. Tin: recent rains have been a blessing to this sun-suiit country. They have rendered the stubborn glebe less uncompromising, and they have given the pasture 11 a leg up " so to speak, But seasonable weather begets other things besides verdure and cultivation crops. It nourishes growths that the farmer eyes with baleful glance. It brings along the Spanish radish, the Scotch thistle, the lupin, doublegee, star of Bethlehem and other equally dispensable vegetation. These pests thrive under the worstconditions, even as the small boy did when he fell into the treacle-vat. B"it when the season, like the present one, is favourable, their exuberance is limitless Fi>r this reason the farmers of the Greenough and Irwin districts are looking seriously at the prospect before tham. Last year witnessed hereabouts a big increase in the area monopolised by noxious weeds. This year the trouble will reach appalling "dimensions, and two or three more seasons will probably see it beyond control. To properly appreciate the magnitude o£ the evil one will need to drive along the Greenough Flats in a month or two's time, and see the Spanish radishes and lupins growing thick and high along the roadside, brushing the wheels of the vehicle as it bowls along. This is no picture of fancy, but a solid sober reality. That our farmers are scared need therefore occasion n6 wonder. * * * At the Greenough last week Mr. PENNKFATHER, in referring to the matter, agreed that legislation was necessary. He did so not only because he is a lawyer—lawyers are reputedly demons for legislation—but because he realised that drastic measures must be adopted to uproot the weed curse. The Attorney-General agreed, also, tint any Act dealing with the mutter should be permissive. We may take this to mean that the proposed Act should be permissive in part, but not in entirety. For instance, it should not be framed on the lines of the Early Closing Act. This latter measure may be adopted, or ignored, by a town at pleasure, hut when once a place has come under its operation, that place must abide by all its provisions. The Early Closing Act is optional m the sense that it may be accepted by a district or left alone. Any legislation dealing witij noxious wee-.is must not be permissive in this sense. It must be mailt to apply to every f'iis- j trict p:.).j>e?sii»g weeds. But it must be framed in such a way as not to press j unduly upon any section of farmers. * * * | Two sessions ago a Noxious Weed Bill v/as passed by the West Australia!! Assembly. \\\ nen it came betore the Cppf;r House it was 'unr**rvmomuus : ly ejected. Yot the Bill contained | many admirable joints, MR PHXXE- ! FATim: himself voted for it ia the Asseiubiv, and Mi- V/HTKXOOM, who introduced it. into the Council, warmly supported it on behalf of his constituents on the Oreenough and the Irwin. That cheery politician, i)!;'KY HAYXKS, helped enthusiastically to butt the Bill into oblivion, chietly because Mr BURGKS scorned it, ami Mr l>i:i;(.;;s being a farmer was supposed to know all about the matter; KICHAJM) cliecrfnlly ignored the fact that a farmer had brought forward the Bill in the Lower House. Anyhow, the thing was dropped with a thud, and no one ventured to revive it last session, urgent as was the need. The Bill was a trifle drastic in certain particulars, but it would have been better than nothing. It provided that when a district was declared to be weed-infected a local board might be appointed to decide what growths should be treated as weeds, and eradicated in accordance with tjjje Act. The measure weu ci have been permissive to the extent that the farmers of ary place could have agreed amongst themselves as to what weeds should, or should not, be considered noxious. Thus the residents of the Fiats would not have been compelled to destroy wild oats, a crop .hat conies in very useful in a bad season. * * * If Mr PEXNEFATHEK will try to get a Noxious Weeds Act passed this session, he will earn the thanks of bis constituents. A yery serviceable model would no doubt be found in the Bill of '97. The unique, probably because antique, piece of legislation yclept the Spanish Radish and Scotch Thistle Eradication Act could then be wiped off the statute book. Passed in 1871 the SR. and S. T.E. Act was ever afterwards allowed to remain a very defunct letter indeed. When it was resurrected at the beginning of this year most people had never heard of it, and even those who recognised the apparition refused to take it seriously. An inspector was appointed to see that the ghost was treated with due respect in this district, but Mr FKY very consistently, and very properly, left his charge outside on the mat whenever hefwent interviewing in his capacity of inspector under the Lands Act. Matters are consequently as they were ; also as they shouldu't have been, and shouldn't be. 