III. A mail left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by, and al though I could not have been inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as many weeks to ine before Lieutenant Radson returned. " Phew !" he said, eyeing me intently. " You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way like this." " Ought not ?" I echoed, bitterly. " Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin ?" " Come, come ! it's not so bad. as all that," lie added quickly. " I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first place, why did you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream V" " What do you mean ?" I cried ex citedly. , . " Why this—that you no more killed i your cousin than I did !" " Wlnft ! Is Tom not dead ?" " Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found—wandering hall'-clad, and raving mad, upon the moor." , " The real murderer!" I repeated vacantly. " Have no fear ; he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight. Of course, as soon as we uiissed him, the hue-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. 1-Ie particularly gloats over ids frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by his cnizert brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not ac j countable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to blame " ±5ut," 1 interpc(seu ii«.suiy, < j«u hare not told me who this madman is." " Why, it's the mail you knew away | in .Taffa—Wallace Lewin. His friends j were at once communicated with, aud ; brother of his reached Westholme aa , hour ago. From him I learned that ; Lewin lias of late been somewhat erratic , in his behaviour, the outcome, no doubt, j of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since | then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done, in a seizure of homi cidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease with which the mur der could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Caiman's theory." " Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers ?" " Ho eamc directly he heuru of Tom's death. By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Oan linn's daughter. I had a long talk with (lie old man, and, from what lie said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would probably discounte nance any engagement between you and his child, because of your unsatisfac tory position financially, Tom—the mag nanimous fellow—even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on con dition that Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no longer be needed ; equally, of course, Miss Caiman know nothing of these ponding negotiations." " And she ?" I murmured. " Have you .seen or hoard anything of her V" , Only (lint she is in a state of anxiety , and indignation on account of your ' arrest, nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about get ting you out of this infernal hole, and If I might advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to his house, and set iitrr tti. ie»t. ITsr!:," ::dc!"d !;-j, as foot steps drew near the cell door, "here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off."— | " Weekly Sun." 