SSSm k, c \- A North Queensland Story. - By Yon Kotze. TT (For the "North Queensland Register.') (Copyright) OU'LL have a great night to ride* borne ,1a," remark ed o}d McLean, cheerily, as they ,,6ttepj>ed from, % verapdiah. out to where the visitors' ' horses 'were; stand lag, saddled and impatient. f]k»e, It's cl^sa," oontra dieted M« iyjife,, with a sh"aJre of £er head. «'^we'g; a-efccro "Storm-rruj)biBh," growled the old man. "I wish it would; but no'such rJUtak." "fpJo such luck," repeated JiniSturt .«&oodfty.;<, ?*"" ?$Klr.- I de«4A?f I ['excmmedMra Mc \ss^as^s^Sks^ sgyB§S^n^t:' a c&d; i^,.$>£?--; "No, 'laugh ingly, "I am iM, ail J&at.; <?Jut ft sort . of, aualiflcaUc^t©,^ re* treat, ''weJo,w§sf aM wtfifr "D&iced; tiadiy/' the host ."It's the very woj^t. e^jSoji that I have lived through ev^fciMe 1 took up Ka looma, Anothermomh like this, and Fe Fill be all, about" ruined. Why, I fenuetfiher^ th the early Seventies--" ^rLeaOi ittteru>pte<L Her ppactiscfll ©ye had obterved the old| tuai^s hand stealing to hie pocket for The pipe, and, logether with that allus ion to the. early seventies. she knew . from cad experience, that the reminis cent strain "was on her husband. "fceally, ROES, you miist wait for eoroo ether time with that stor.v It Is getting late, and Mrs Sturt i& cure to catch a cold standing a.bfmt here wait ing. look at your waxchl please?" ?"'By jingo! Ten Vclttek. Now then, hurry up there, you hoys. Where are .those,;fcorBes, you scoundrel?. Are you . gtrtrigttv.keep jib here all night?" And Mr McLeaa-iJoured out a flood, of angry remonstrance on the innocent heads of the two blackboys that had been squatting, bridle-rein in hand, In front, of the house, stoically indifferent td time. -.fSioil will have to travel If you want togee/a-ny; ^feep to-nigjtt. .,Why cant vW- $»p $11 ^pMiaing?^'asked thja fitter J^dy, ' i "Quit© impassible, thank you," ans wered Sturt. "But we poor selectors-' "Pleas©, Jim., let us say good-night," -Mrs Sturt pleaded timidly; and turning toherhoet: "Will you help me in the saddle. Mr McLean?" A hurried leave taking, a clatter of hoofs* a few last {good wishes, and the harases were out of sight. Then the falfcteeh© of. Mr McLean's stentorian orders relative to the sliprails, and silence. ''Kt last Sturt, with. an. anxious look about* remarked to his wife: "It does feel! oppressively close. Wonder whether Mrs McLean will be right after- all?" But he got no answer from his com panion, and at a swinging amble the two home trended their way through the' ghostly whiteness of the night. .The eky was clear, and a full moon had risen over the trees. But the air was ominously stagnant. The whole land scape seemed to tremble in a state of 5^ra$tancy, of suppressed excitement, fte ir 'waifcing the coming of some dread event. The suspense of all Nature's in stincts quivered in .every] gleaming leaf, every slender branchlet. And sud denly, as-the horses caifce out into a large treeless plain.: "By Gad!" exclaimed Sturt. "Look . at that! We're in for it alright, Liz." Far away on the' horizon loomed black and; ominous a heavy thunder cloud, grouching down over the tree topa, its towering brow replete with tropical passion, it seemed immovable; like a gt&ht; cat watching for its prey. But Sturt was not deceived. . "We'll have to ride for it and get over the worst part of the road before tike £torm breaks," he determined. ' "Ye®;" came the listless answer from bis wife; "Hallo! Tired?" "No," in the same monotone, "Oh, you sleepy little wretch" laugib ed the husband. "Cotne 011 hrd let's have a canter, If we have luck it may hold up long enough yet," lie added re- assuringly, but In his innermost, heart he prayed for a speedy advent of the downpour. What is a ducking compared to a drought? Over the level r*md at an easy hand gallop the cornfed nags swuag along, ttille after mile, till the rougher coun try made it necessary to assume a Walking pace once more. But the thun der cloud proved swifter even, and »la,r after star Vanished in impenetrable darkness. And anxiously setting their horses into a gallop again, wherever a short stretch of easy ground permit ted, they rode silently on towards their distant Jepestread, the girl apparently oWiviouSTaf her surroundingsi, weakly/ apathetic, the man secretly gloating over the prospects of the coming rain. Young Australia i& physically a puzzling quantity.. Here you see a fam ily of giants, vigorous, strong, healthy, overtowering their Old Country par ents, a veritable patent medicine tes timonial for the life and the climate in the Antipodes. And in another place, under the same* conditions, -the children, of a hardfaeeid, eteelmuacled couple redolent with the invincible staying powers of a Northern land, re plete with the latent etches of reserve that allow the pioneer of Gulf and the prospector of the Kimberlev to live through the very innermost- tor ture chambers of hell, grow up a blood less, dwarfed family of sicklireB. with out strength or 'stamina for good or ft*r evii. James Sturt. belonged emphatically to the former category. Blue-eyed, fair- haired, his tanned fate instinct with energy, bis well-built frame and sinewy limbs a-qulver with action, be wag an adept in the arts of busbman ship ,and he loved with bis whole heart the life that severed hint from hail and help of his Mlow beings, and threw him on his own physical and intellect ual resources. He had been compet ed to work at too early an age to be well educated, but he had received a fair schooling, and he took an interest in the events of the day-what more was there required? He had the con tempt for- deeper knowledge tbat an activ.e man is apt to contract, but he was not altogether blind to the ad vantages of theoretical science. And lie despised art. The very suspicion oif abstract sentiment would have seemed to hiimi ap insult. He lumped the whole lot of the Muses under the head ing of "trash," and condemned them to dwell for evermore among the dudes and -cranks a city breeds. And, I am afraid; religion came under that ban too. The bump of reverence is not very protrusive on the native skull. It may be the emptiness of the land, the absence of potent atmospherical stimulant, of history, a memorable pa&t;, that are to blanje for this went Of romance in the Character off the rising generation here. There are do scents and singers in the bush; no change of seasons ever touches the sad, ugly, and fioonewhat mechanical landscape. An absolute desert may arouse soul-thrill* ingawe; <i dead frozen-polar scene sub lime inspiration; but. though she o&n;* tains the terrors of the deeer*. and the dangers of the sea, Australir.'" ?{<?ynoti j& commonplace-to the carolega ear. And the native instinctively t?kfr« aftrr the character of big great inn'hor, nnd also becomes common jjlfcc-to the superficial «ye. tie himself ltmws Dot the depth of bis feel ins:. m/pi tialities of his heart. But take him away, out of the bush, to thr gl-riwip. paradise of more gorgeous tropics, to the sweet suggestiveneps of the older world, to the grand assoc'etioip in lands'with'ages of bieforv ond thfo jrou will discover his hidden poetry, end through that the wondrous soell fthd tihe subtle magic cf this dusty dun colored continent. The, grip, the cruel, unrelenting gr'p Australia gains on those who walk int-> her Invisible meshes, is not equaled on earth. She torments' her children and lovers, she tortures them with hunger and thirst and m'adne&s;, she tears the flesh from1 their sWes, aha eat*. the brains from their skulls, she burns the memory from their hearts; tmd she rewards them not, no, not even with one smile after a lifetime's 6lar« cry in. her service. Bat try to fowsaJre her, ye disgusted wroerSryerebellloua tons and daughters. Try to cast her aside for some fonder lor^, *fcnie ten-. derer mother, and I tell ye, in Heaven even ye shall yearn and chafe tor her vampire kiss, for the choklbp breath of her dry lips, for the sphinx gazeof heor^ steel-blue eyes! ' ..... I. Elizabeth Sturt acted ' in' -pittatir?'' rections as a direct coiitiiterfoll to her husbandfs character. 'With"her soft black hair and dreamy eyes, an*}- a fig ure that looked like a doll's alongside the broad shape of her lord, she eeetn fed out of place in the bush. And-per-" haps ehe wag. But then, vrcm&h; fat gifted with thatwondrous instinct of sympathy that enables her to sulther. self to any eondltlon-wftere she Ipves, And Lizzy was essentially a, yonian. With the help of this mysterious genlu» of adaptation she had taken to? the wilderness, for her husband's sake, with the whole fervor and under standing' of a bosh girl, though brppght up lni town. She had learnt to ride and make butter, with no better mwt«r than her heart; and thought very few people are able to get bread out of poesy, tt to certainly possible ia> get poesy out of even an every- dayfour pound loaf. And when- hercity adinir. ers (and that denomination.of worship pers comprised thewhole ejigiblem≤ population, although shehad only be»n a penniless governess) ekpre&sed; their earnest If somewhat ' jeafcfusy- oolored doubts about her ability to bear witk bushlife for more than a monlb- the honey month-she only laughed confi dently and proved them y aU ! in the wrong. And the local: bard lifted up his voice la wonderment andean#: How frail she looks, how sensitive and fair! Yet, by fierce passion's . torrid jblast surprised, Or plunged into the enowfields of des pair, She need l?ut love--$t»d 4e accli matised. Which, in as plalii alanguage as the said bard wsi$ capable 'of ^jtpr&sBlng; himsdf, certainly testified to the as tound Jng fact that ehe was quitottbl®. to milk the cows 'without insisting on the necessity of kid" gloves. ; , But the sfcrangefascin&Mori; .that be longed to the girl was' fcetttrea in her eyes; in fact, it emanated frata them. An apparently UBfathom&ble; depth of black, that lends its cfcfenij hud »?cop tion ofttimas to the ^laUo^eBtnature*, was accentuated in her, made mysteri ous and dangei-oUsly attractive' by an Indescribably melahcholy light that seemed to ever burn, deep down in her soul. Even when she: laughed merrily, with her whole heart and body, her eyes tnourned. A passionate some* thiag, fear perhaps, or prfemonitlon. vaguely seen, yet irrefute#Jy*:prG&ent;, hovered steadily over the h&ppi;&t; mo ments even of her sunny young exist ence. As if the unconscious ss<?»ess of some otter separate soul was hiding iu the innermost recesses of the girl's be ing! The intensity of silence around had increased to the highest tension. Slowly the murky ctou^ - was loading thelhUlB beneath with steadily accumu lating' power, til! leaves and grasses tingled with electricity, and the wtraight trunks of the gums were being converted into veritable cannon for the coming artillery fight between heaven (tad earth. Then of a sudden the bright moonshine, that covered the country with a diaphanous imitation veil of peace, a flood of slcikly white, peopled fay unfathomably black shadows, went out like an arc lamp, and left the trav ellers floundering in ominous gloom. ? "We'll havei ,£o take a short cut if wa want to get home dry-skinned," shouted Sturt after his wife, who was heading towards the hills, where the main, roaxl picked its way tortuously through the hilly country. TSw girl stopped obediently, and When her husband came up he explain ed. "There is a bridle path running along the bank of the river, that will save us about three miles. It is nanow and p, bit rough, but the horses know it Well. Just let your ueddy's head go and follow me closely." Mrs Sturt listened silently with an air of weary apathy. "Alright, dear," ehe murmured. - And they started ahead once more, in single file, at as rapid a gait as the darkness and increasing uneveness of the tracfc woy'd permit. They faa4 3 i'Idea over, the day be fore, from their homestead on the Mit chell Elver to pay a short visit to their big neighbor, the owner of Kalooma. That meant 25 miles over the. question able roads in the bush, and 25 miles back again. Aiid they bad not bargain ed for a wetting. About halfway between the two homesteads a huge chain of basalt hills crossed the river, and the main road took a lengthy circuit of the spot, Where the titanic battle between range and river had strewn the field with rocks and boulders; while the short cut squeezed previously through on a bit of neutral zone that both of the combataate had for ages learned to re spect. t, The pad In places led perilously near to tihe steep basalt cliffs through which the waters had bored and broken their bed, and which overhung the 'livelier to. weird, threatening masses. Heaneamd there a gully, herwn deeply tntotherock, Ilk© the cleft from a gtant'ssword. ran into the main chan Thescenery - was imposing and sora Iw® esnougli at daytlmei; but in the . night), when the huge outlines of the .cliffs assumed gigantic proportions. krhen the queer profiles of mighty rocks silhouetted against the pale sky took fantastical and grotesque shapes, when t&e; paltry, wind-bent and thirst wturied trees, clinging to the naked. ?ttSHs of stone or hiding In the mysterl-' ousorags, loomed In fearful and un «jcpla!nable suggest! veness of terror the cffecfc was . on© Qt overwhelming and significant grandeur. V And the impenetrable abyss of the V ; river bed, below, whispering with many 1: sf voices a Hhouemd eerie secrets,, or :U,\ mring sad shouting a hungry cbal \ lenge to the passer by, added to the im .^v-'lJfiplob. ttf' awe ftbie visitor carried g I a^ay witit him from a night trip over rib® pinch. Jt WHs cailed the Devil's Gap, and it lived up to the appellation. Strange v bow frequently His Subterranean Maj is cMM'npni to stand godfather "to the haunts of mem on earth. As if ^ tewas not sufficiently ubiquitous, and . r mankind wanted constant outward re j% ipnia of his existence. Over the ? whole globe, in ©very country under the sun, there are Heligafces and Devil's by the dozen. Wherever there % tdwers a. wall of exceptional boldness, f - "wherever Nature has given the land *.touch' of the Mzarre, theqs Sa '"ip credited with, the work. And *-.j|fe«re-. stretches a watered. «- »«?'» .e^ial '.hmliaw and frult wheirever there are united all . ~~_Jenis that go> to produca a veri pdea. that place is called after 1 ""Wi«s; the local publican,:or Muldooa. +I?iv th0 caghsgrocer. Truly an, extra ^O^Uli^SraiitithesIe. Jaiioes Sturt was too much inured Mtebjn all its phases and moods any of tbedWcooifort a stranger over iwould ^i^i&eia6d;:.;tr®ih his stupor ehftotf to the toad aad bis m(L »u?h commonplace : trifles. Dp and down ran the path, now on the edge of a precipice, now hug ging closely gome cavity in the side of the cliff. Masses of stone and de bris barred the track, or a tree had fal len across just at the most critical spot, necessitating the utmost caution. In fact, nobody but aa Australian bushbred native would have ever thought of riding on hcre&back; over that road. But the Australian never under any circumstances gets off his horse. The couple of sure-footed animals, however, were clambering like _ goate over bculderes and through ravines, hoses to the> ground, feeling their way along yard by yard. Far away, to the Westward I he lightning had begun to play, and fitful gleams lit up the two riders. The heavy oppressiveness, though, the choking immobility Of the atmospbers, were not yet relieved, and even Sturt, ' apparently Immune to the influenea of the surrounding scenery, began to feel depressed and moody. But shak ing the heavy sensation off with an effort, he shouted encouragingly over his shoulder : "Don't be> frightened, Lizzy! We'll be over the worst of it soon. I'll take you through the place sometime in t he daylight. It is not half as bad as it looks now." But Mrs Sturt was not frightened. She had given the reins to her horse and settled back firmly into the sad dle, her eyes wide open, her face pale and lifeless,) like that of a statue. She did not seeim to be conscious at all of her surroundings. But for a short quivering shudder that now and then shook her slender fbrm, a mechanical start and pull at |he bridle, she was as one, in a trance, "There now," shouted her husband again; "when we get down into that ravine we shaH be all right. That's what they call Murder Creek;" he add ed uneasily. And, under his breath: "Damned if I know why the beggars about here are so fond of giving non sensical names to'their places. I'll bet my bottom dollar all the- blood ever shed in that dismal hole came from one of old Mac's scrubbers." They scrambled slowly down the zigzagging track running into the bed of the cr£ek, just where she emptied into the Mitchell. The cliffs here re ceded in a semi-circle from the river, but like a row of soldiers falling back before the approach of their officer, they pulled themselves up at the same time into an absolutely perpendicular wall, through which the creek with the reassuring baptismal title, had riven her way with the laborious pat ience of countlr- ages, with the mil lion upon million times repeated rush and onslaught of sudden floodB,forming a gorge of forbidding outline and over whelming dimensions. . .The lightning had increased and the low rumble; of distant thunder could be heard through the stillness. A faint breath, that ran like a shiver of fear through > leaves and branches, that rustled like a ghostly whisper among the dry grass, only intensified the pitch of nervous presentiment. With a sigh of satisfaction Start pulled his horse up, in the middle of the dry creek bed, and turned in the saddle to wait for his wife. The ani mals were becoming restless and ex cited, and with an anxious solicitude generally foreign to his nature, the young man watched the pro gress of the other horse by the fitful greenish light. 0n« mora pinch, a jump, and Mrs Sturt was safely down. Then for the first time, as she came close to his side, and hei leant over to touch her hand, he noticed how pais and strange' she looked. And his con science smote him. Running his eye# over the lightly cjad figure, and in ft softer voice, he sjtid reproachfully: "Yen haven't even a jacket on you, Liz. We're in for a terrible ducking, as sure as death. Here, little one, put on my coat." And she obeyed, though her eyes seemed to be a-dream, and he looked as if she had not heard him at all, Sturt gazed at her perplexedly. "Are you ill, my dear?" Still there was no answer. ?"Lizzy," he cried, in alarm; what is wrong with you? Does the storm frigh ten you?" And he shook her somewhat im patiently by the arm. She glanced up at him in a startled way, as of an awakening sleeper. "Oh, please," she asked, deprecat ingly, "did you speak? I did not hear you." He laughed half in amusement, half in anger. ' * "What are you thinking of, you lit tle dreamer. Are you 111? Are you frightened?" - "No-o, yes-I think I am not quite well," she hesitatingly answered, and then, with a curious little catch of the breath : "Oh, Jim, Jim, X am so frightened-I am-1 am-I don't know And she began to cry, 1 "Liz, Uiz! Don't cry'. begged the ex asperated husband. "Come, cheer up and be my brave little girl. Why, you'll laugh to-morrow yourself when I teU them." "Oh, no, Jim, jplease don't!" she pleaded. For God's sake don't tell them." . He le&nt;' over hia$ horse's,neck and peered earnestly into her white face through the scintillating darkness. There was a note in her vpicei he had never heard before. ^ "You are sick, my poor girl. This infernal lightning-" "It isn't the lightning, Jim," she interrupted, showing for the first tim» some returning eagerness, "It Ss some thing else-something-but I am quit* well again now." , And in support of thi$ last conten tion she burst into such a whirlwind of sobs that her excited horse began to show unmistakable signs of rebel!lop, "Hold on," cried the man, author itatively, grasping the animal's bridle. "Get down, Lizzy. Never mind now. ^ get down at once! The horse, -will be-; come quite unmanageable, with this sort of thing,< and the track is tq£ ' dangerous for a careless rider. Get down at once!" She slid from her saddle, obedient ly, and somewhat subdued. But wii«n he joined her onvthe sand at tut eresk bed, talking soothingly to the regt,i6;>s, horses ho held, she was crying spasmoA dicaiiy to herself, in a weak, jheipleES fashion., that awakened in hint all tfcft loving pity he was capable of. And he loved her truly, this young wife of his. There are many men who can face danger and. death itself for the woman they own; but bow many can keep their temper when the wife1 of their bosom, in the midst of a tjbnnder etorm, fifteen miles from home, goes into hysterics about nothingin parti cular, as far as he can see? - "Poor little girl," he murmured, caressingly, stroking her twisting, Ice cold hands, "come now, tell me a}} about it," "Ob., I can't, I can't'." came the agonized: answer. "Why not, you little fool?" ? "Oh, Jim, haw can I tellyou. Ypu would not believe. I can't believe it myself. It is so foolish, anfl yet so real, so awfully horrible. Jim!-" and her voice sank into a shuddering whisper, "I have never been 'here be fore, have I?" - "No, certainly not, my dear," be answered, wonderingly. It is not a likely track I would take ,you over, and I am darned sorry I did ft to-; night. What makes you aek such a foolish question?" ' ? "Oh, Jim, don't laugh at me, for for-I can't bear it;" and she crept close to hi& side, .like a thing in-mor tal fear," Jim," she continued, and her voice became scarcely audible-"I know this place; I have seeb It, long, long ago, and --" "But you may have be^lxeifcvaa a child," sensibly suggested Sturt. "Its not so exbeptionally far. frbin town, as Queensland distaooea «o," She only shook her rand; . "I have, never been is jibe bush till you took me," she answered \Blmply, "Aud it is cot only this thing; ; it'Is not only that Z know the place-but the remembrance is terrible-oh-." she gasped out her sentences, as if In. bodily pain-- "it crfeepe ' around' me It epeaks to me-I would know It with my eyes shut-I don't see-I only feel it-and it chokes me-like a-like «. " .' . ; J She ,broke down. He put his- dis engagedarm around her and pressed the quivering form to his side. The -storm -was Increasing in violence with every minute, and itbe situation be coming grave. They could not stop In the bed of the creek much longer, that was certain. And apparently the girl was uuite unflt to travel further. He made animpatient gesture; but his irritation and solicitude were slowly giving way to another, a novel feeling of uncanniness. This was not a simple, hysterical attack. These tones of icy fear were too real, too connected, to allow of any such .ex planation . Be was not of an impres sionist nature. But as he felt her heart beating violently against, his hand, and her panting breath feverishly fan ning his cheek, his sturdy presence of mind began to forsake him.*, h -v "Jim! What is it? What is it?" And this time It was he who did not answer. 11 - i. : i.i Ulltt The lightning, that leapt through the low clouds overhead, flung strange shadow pictures qa to'th^ rocks, and lit up grinning profiles ? and fieiu|i6h shapes, covering its handiwork with night again, before the appalled eye could make sure of the outlines and forms- , | M*! 1*11 Sturt looked lifacomfoj^bily^Qver his shoulder, as if he expected to see a ghost flitting through the hlack hushes and crevices. And then, with a short, shame-faced laugh, he aaid but for all that he spoke in a half whisper "Come, dear! We can't etayjlere. There are some ledges and: caves in those cliffs yonder thai wlii keep us dry and sale at aaa,yate. I'll Gobble the horses out wxjfafrcouple nf stir rup leathers, and we must take our chances of finding them again in the morning. The beggars will travel like biases in a night like this. Whe-e-e now!" he called out to the polling and , fidgety animals. And these matter of tact disposi tions seemed to restore his mental balance somewhat, for in a more con fident/voice, and with an attempt at cheerfulness, he turned to the girl at hif? side, drawing her forward, while the horses followed, at the utmost dis tance the combined length of their toecks and reins would allow. "Come on, little woman!" But »he shrank back tremblingly. "For God's sake-no-Jim!" "What's up? Why, we--" "I can't^-I can't-" she walied. . He looked at her with a troubled face. There came a blinding Sash of lightning tthat seemed to -wrap the whole glea 'into lurid flame, and light up "With glaring-intensity the frowning ugliness of the cliffs and the gorge ahead. One second's stillness, and then a mountain-shivering thunder clap roar ed down the hills, pierced by a scream, like a huge, soft body by a sharp steel blade;' & scream as of a loBt soul; so inhuman, so unearthly, that It froze the blood in the dismayed man*® veins. With a terrified snort the horses* had torn away and "were galloping madly through the bush. But Sturt did not even notice the bolt. He stood rigid. The clammy perspiration pearl ed on his forehead. He: had caught sight, during that moment's vivid giaite, oif lhe sudden change in his life's .features, ' turned ' towards the ihfc - cliffs - before them. v*.> . v 1 Hull :;m ' xd&irittftLM; ^Ith.-her hand, ^itch«|A^a*fi6 w I»il hifr, > B|pS»s i, &t.; h«r $1 soeethllfies,'imlsifed tfewar^ -., o \- . |E^^|xresr^4^L9.t re£f ca.n ltoijm$jjsr ,$ro'xjr, &m; whenfthe gmgtggit ^ JtrMi anotifer human wHly or latell&ct; into thfeir1' bwj\, /^Efoflt'- on© «$*pp.riiKiJtiy ina&v; ticulaletscretfe^theoneglimpseof the gtrt'a'%dttW^#?f^«r&f; liad^carrlfeS a meaning'w^hifl1 Ofiuriiea iibrida, a reality pi najmejfejsg horror, that paral ysed'Ms whol£bodyand tingled Ifcily through etery tin^' netye. The£';whote neighborhood Beenwdfilled, all at once, -with uncanny suggestions, and - an averpoyrering {©pulse to run, >to save himself, to cry for h^p, swept over hlm&ndi;'ObbedhJm ofhis manhoofl. Uttering a lour moan, the .woman sank to tihe/frouhd, and*witha sup reme effort;',as of onewho caats off an Insupportable nightmare, the? hus band bent .*down over the huddled heap. ..-?. -Countless chains ot lightning were illuminating the iandecape,' andthe conetatif roar -of thunder i^w louder and more fiiriouB ^Jth every; minute, while the iraln cbntlnued to pourdown In Hmitlese^btrents. .-"'J? With a shuddering startftfie *. girl looked" up, and Sturtdrew "back af frighted. He did not recognise the fa-Je, white andghajBtly, with an, overstrung intensity of flread", And the horror that was mirrored in her wid»j. open gtazed eyes,'ha if they had looked into another world, . unnerved him-like nil apparition from /the dead. It was thareflection of an unspeak ably mystery. It stranded him with invisible hands. . It was the light of madness? Thpr$ was a minute's lull In the up* roararbund. , . i A £ust of wind. iruBhlng upibe bfefl of the rlver»;and frantically stumbling oveB%ees«n:d atonee in, its headlong flight, tore hiB bat away dud sent it rolling into the darkness below. AM wlththe cry of a frightened beast, he lifted his wife from the ground, and run-ran fpr hie life, without onea booking backward, with N out daring td stop, without feeling the fatigue or the burden. Over slippery titer mM, irtwaMIng against bouldere, and rushing into dripping bushes, fleeing from the noise of his own foot steps-onward, away from the river, away from the haunted cliff gorge! To be continued.) 