HYPNOTISM AND FRAUD. With tbe swindling hypuotiser tbe po lice of the future. will have to reckon. Indeed, already this brunch of occult science -is bein? nrnrtised in n. sinister ?way. So long as the honest price of food and clothing is bard work, so long will exist men and women whose koIc aim in life is to transfer money from other people's pocket* to their owu without giving any equivalent for iL Every power possessed either by the n-jnd or by tbe body of man has at one time or other been utilized by the thief or the sharper as tiie means for effort ing this object; and it is not surprising that the faculty of exercising an influ ence over another person's will power by mesmeric or hypnotic suggestion should also have been pressed into the unlovely service. The 'confidence trick' can be plaj-ed by tne hypnotist with a degree of safety which could never lie attained by the spieler who professes to give his victim at least a game of cards for his money. The operator, having by his blandishments or other meaus put his victim into a friendly mood, expresses a desire to hypnotise him 'just to show tiie mu tual confidence and trust wbich exist Vetween them;' and from that time is established an ascendency of one mind over the other. For the great majority o.: people the best place from which to study the hidden mysteries of hypno tism, as well as some other forms of occult mental art is at a dis tance. No business man who values l.is position and reputation would ever ttink of signing his name to a docu n-ent or cheque which had to be filled it- by some one else, thus placing his fortune and his liberty at the mercy of tlie latter. Similarly nobody who un derstands tbe importance of having a healthy anil wholesome power of voli tion should consent tn be hypnotised excepting in very special circumstances. This was practically the advice given by Mr. Ernest Hart in his pamphlet on 'The Eternal Gullible, or Confessions of a Professional Hypnotist,' which was published about five years ago, during the temporary excitement over tbe hypnotic art. The swindling in stinct seems to thrive naturally amongst many who cultivate the fa culty of establishing any sort of mental ascendency over others. In the old country even some Christian Scien tists arc now largely tainted with money-getting charlatanism; and as tbe cult loses part of the odour of semi-sanctity given to it by its genuine members the tendency to resort to cheating becomes accentuated. The history of the hypnotic and mes meric craze of a few years ago affords an illustration in point One instance of the kind of downward progress ex perienced by some of those who prac tise occult arts is adduced by a solicitor who writes in 'Cassell's Journal.*' Ma dame X ? was touring in various parts of Europe as a lecturer on clair voyance and hypnotism. She was a tall, handsome, dark woman of striking presence, and few who bad heard her forgot the peculiar manncir in which she gamed the attention of her audi ences. In course nf time she became housekeeper to a lady of means who, being afflicted with nervous debility, ooon allowed herself to be almost en tirely guided by Madame. After the lady's death her relatives found to then* amazement that a duly executed will had been made out by a lawyer brought from a diatnnc-e for the pur pose, and that all the possessions of tbe lady, which carried an iucome of £1.200 u year, had been bequeathed to Ma dame X — . Close enquiry concerning the antecedents of the legatee disclosed the fact that she had on more than one occasion told her audiences from the public platform about her power to compel any one whom she had hypno tised to do almost anything she desired. Notes and records were made out, anH the ex-housekeeper was confronted with these boastful utterances, and threatened with legal proceedings for the purpose of upsetting tbe will on the giound of undue influence. The woman was much* alarmed at being thus brought to book. Her hypnotic will power was of no avail ag.iiust the law yers, although the family of the deceas ed lady urged a compromise. Ultimate ly Madame X ? agreed Co disappear on receiving £2.000 as her share of the estate. The. most dangerous and seduc tive of all hypnotic quacks are those who throw around their performances the halo of quasi-iuspiration. The quackery is sandwiched between large slices of so-called religion and meta physics, and it is generally also cunningly hidden from view, hut rendered all the more pleasant to the taste on account of the contact with that which surrounds it. More than a century ago Count Cagltostro electrified whole cities by the amazing audacity with which he practised his mesmeric and healing arts. Carlyle wrote— Behold him everywhere welcomed with vivats or in aw.7Stnu* siletu*: Rilt pasteboard Hrecnu*oi» receive lorn under the rteei arrh of ciwd ohnr; lie mounts to the seat of tbe \enorable; holdi hleh dhu-oumi hour* Vuwr on masonry, morality, universal science, divinity, snd tbinpj in general, with a sublimity, erophisi*, and unction proceed iag—M he mad'f it api-cor— from the special in spiration ot the Holy Ghost Yet this man. upon whom thousands of rich dupes showered their wealth, so that he journeyed from town to town in more gorgeous state than any mou arch of his day, was proved to have been an adventurer of the lowest type, whose career had been stained with al nost every crime known to tbe prison calendar. Out of the deep mine of human igno rance, prejudice, and mental sloth it is still possible for others similarly mind ed to draw copious supplies of filthy lucre. The business of the hypnotic quack Is never wound up— never even suspended for a few years. It Is re floated under a new name, when tbe icvesting public have become .tired of the old one— like a wild-cat mine which has worn out its welcome on the Stock Exchange. It promises to bring relief for the ailments of both body and soul, rrrxing in about equal proportions the consolations of a spurious religions sen timent with tbe anodyne of mesmerism a6 applied to tbe nervous system. Tbe duly qualified medical hypnotist, as a rule, uses his power merely as a variant ou other forms of anaesthesia, seeking to prevent a patient from feeling pain while under an operation. Sensible people, however, should always be on their guard against any possible abuse of the principle, and should give the preference to ordinary methods of ap plying anaesthetics, unless vary clear reason against their adoption has been shown, and unless they have full confi dence in the operation. An instance is quoted by the writer already mentioned, iu wbich a retired merchant was brought entirely under the domination of' his family doc tor, whom he had permitted frequently to hypnotise him, and who had prosti toted bto powers for purposes of gain. Wben this man died be made tbe phy sician his executor and left him £5,000 —a larger sum than any of his relatives and dependants received. There was no socgeation of any fanrily qaane) to it was fully recognised that the doctor hiiii practically held his patient's con science iu his keeping. The records, of disputed will cases— not only in the old country, but also in Australia— afford a KtrcmgijL insight into the remarkable at it'iitU'iicy which may be attained by the niiinl of a vigorous and unscrupulous l/i'ivou over that of a patient enfeebled I\v disease mid perhaps uneasy in con science. How much of undue influence li:is lv-cu the result of hypnotic sugges tion can only be vaguely guessed; but ilinv is reason to IWieve that iu future the lntv will scrutinise more closely tliau it has done the claims of legatees wlio in the last days of tbe testator have plainly made srtecial efforts to se cure u dominating power over his u:ind. 