COMPLETE STOHY. [PCEEISIIED EY SPECIAL ABBANGHltEXT. J IN. CAP AND BELLS, I ANNIE E. HOLDS WORTH, tAuinor of "Spindles and Oar?^' &c.;, &e.; [COJIBIOIIT.] jinn impatient snort. Cecil Carcw followed hi.* to f/tc place where, a bo re a /shabby P^Jcont, a quaint, grave face looked indulgently •^t the g::i'*tv round him. f . A cyclone of mirth was passing over that :t'fquurter of the dining-room. It shook and ■Hcra-lied into the solemnity of the luncheon ,uPiour. It made the beiJs ring in the tower Hike heads of Mrs. lurkland and Miss Prit jfh hard. Miss Wayne wiped the tears from ttjher eves, and helped herself to the souffle. Ttmconscioudv taking twice as much as usual. pTHenriette, the head waitress, smiled approv • pngly as Milliceut Chase, roused and ig^interested, forgot to refuse the dish at her kilbow. An uricontrollahle laugh shattered (Athe gloom of young Mason, whose erape band hf.'WHS obtrusively—indeed indelicately—new. J Hie people at the professor's end of the table, Twho could not tell what it was :f 1 about, , Jpbrngged their shoulders, and bore the Ut-ponsibilities of the menu. jJ, "Mr. Jermoghain again," Cecil Caretv Dsaid to Miss Blake, jjl 4*Tho man is a fool," the professor re jjtpcared. glancing down at the book open ^before him. 14 i know what a fool is, professor," piped ♦upa.child's voice. .. Colonel Viukers looked at bis little girl, then raised his brows across at Cecil Carnw. 44 Nonsense. Miss Busybody." he said, jVlnrplr. 44 Little girls don't know every «pins''. a... „„, ,1, " Yes. I docs," she said eagerly. "A fool "»is a person that makes you langh. I know. J for 1 saw him once at a circus. lie had on a jcap with belts, and his face was red and Iwhite. Ls Air. Jermngham a fool because he Jhas got red patches on his cheeks ?" " There, there, iliss Busybody, go on with tfyc.ur lunch.'' slid ihe colonel. " You see Swhat you have done," he reproached the rprofessor. i A grunt answered him, and the pale little Xwoman opposite suddenly broke the silence. 5 " Arc veil going to tobosriran to-night, Jcolouel 3 He shook liis head. J. " Dr. Stannton has forbidden it. Yet he ?|lets Jeminguum toboggan." rf- 44 I don't think there is much wrong with [Mr. Jcrningbam." said Aliss Blake, tin.idly; little hipped." * Hipped 1* Look at his face?" blustered jibe professor; and Miss Blake sank into ijilnnce, her colour coming and going pain fully. He's not an invalid," said Cecil, who jvas not afraid of Ibo professor. " HeV oil ways about, doing everything for every jhody—and what spirits ho bus 1" X • 4 * Fran Raster pays him to keep up the Jspirits of the hotel," said the, professor. That's what he is—a superior clown." T "You are too bad," said Cecil, hotly. .}" Wo should be dull enough without Mr. fjcruingliam. Find someone else to hit at, jprofessor." j Mis* Blake intercepted tho glance tho pro cessor threw at Cecil. j " X must find someone to toboggan with me o-night; it will bo full moon." sbo said icrvously. 44 You said tobogganning at night >uited yon, professorthe girl gave hini look, shy and daring at once. 44 Ask" Jerninghum," ho growled in answer. "Don't trouble," said Miss Bluke, hastily, I—I " But Cecil turned with a charm ing smile to Air. Jerningham., who was [passing her chair. Ilis shabby coat hung loose from his shoulders. His fiaure showed jungles in every direction as he stepped gin gerly along the slippery purnuet. His face (was thin, and two patches of colour made his Joyes glitter. " Mr. Jcmingham, won't you toboggan [with Miss Blako to-night?" She caught the nstant demur in hi9 eyes, and udded. 44 Everybody is going to tho Poudre at the Victoria ; and it will bo dull for Miss Blake left idone with the professor." ^ A swift glance passed between' Cecil and 'MMr. Jeruingham ; then he said pleasantly : 441 shall bo only too happy, Miss Blake. • . After dinner, then, when all these jfoolisli people havo gone to their ball." " 41 Mr. Jerninghum," said Miss Busybody gravely, 44 the professor hays you aro a fool." 44 Only one ?" ho laughed. • . Ho walked out on to tho balcony running "iTound tho hotol, and bis eyes rested on the snow and the pines, tho houses and chnlcts, the whito 6ides of the mountains.- Long use bad mado tho scene familiar, and yet it was Jlnlways new.' Davos in mist, Davos in sun Wight, Davos at dawn, and Davos when tho rjsuoset painted the peaks were so many different places. ' The hideous square bouses round the church in the valley had chanceful incods *Ho had their plain faces lighted up mitil they were transfigured, un<l when thtir eyes shone through the mystery, of the moonlight they had beauty for a lover's eye. The houses made him think of Miss Blake—the poor: little spinster whoso love affair with the professor was not running smoothly. Jerningham liked Miss Blake, and he loved the valley in all its moods. He had come desperately ill to Davos Piatz four years before, seeking health in the Alpine valley where so many fight death and conquer. When ho learned from Dr. Staunton's silence that he had como too late, he would have bscn glad to havo had all ended at once. What could ho make of a broken life? What was there , for a man to do in a colony of invalids all fighting that grim fight? He was one of the ghosts who troop into the valley high among the Alps, aud after a short stay troop out again by one of the two passes that lead from Davos. Some go our. by the high pass of the White Gate; and some the trnin bears down again into the warm valleys where the cities lie. He knew that his way out would be by the high pass. There had been nothing for him to do with his life during those first months. He had made one of that pathetic row of invalids that lie all day in the sun; and hopelessness and loneliness bad eaten bis heart awuy. When the number of the invalids melted with the melting of the snow, and Davos wui emptied of strangers, when the pall of winter lifted and showed the life in the valley, .Teminghain was one of the two invalids left in the Hotel d'Angleterre. The snow never altogether disappears from Davos. Even after it melts in the valley, through ail tho glowing summer, one can see the white wreaths in the cracks and crevices of the heights. The other invalid was a woman. They called her the child in the hotel, because she was so littlo and eager, and so absurdly young for her years, She was quite alone, and she was very ill and poor, but she was always gay. She had bright brown eyes, with a look in them that contradicted the prophecy of her smitten face. Through the samtner the man lying helpless and the woman pacing cheerily out of life, found their worid in each other. She hid her suffer ing to lighten bis; and he grew gay and contented within sound of her laugh, and within sight of her eyes. Their chairs were always together on the balcony; they read and played chess, and made bets on the weather, and laughed iu the Sometimes, laughing like children at their j daring, they dragged themselves across the; road between the hotel and the meadows and 1 tilled their hands with flowers—the buttercups, and purple bells, and yellow heartsease that i flauntsd in the valley. They would come back exhausted, uud-for days after would1 pretend to each other that the balcony was too interesting a place to leave* even fur the meadow, With its orchestra of grasshoppers twanging to the song of the Landwasser. She called thtse months her holiday. " When the.winter comes there is too much to do for one to amuse one's self," she told ! hira. "In Davos? Too much to dor" ho said, astonished. " Oh, ye«, there are so many to be nursed, so many lonely ones to comfort. It takesj whole weeks to lift even a corner of the j weight of life from the poor souls. But it ls i worth doing." she added, cheerily. ! lie looked at her with his heart in his eyes. " You have lifted more than a corner of weight from ray life, child." i ••Have I?" she said, gaily. "That is! good. You will bo able to do it for others next winter." "Next winter!" he exclaimed. "It " She nodded and smiled at him. " Oh, ves, you will be here next winter. You will bo able to walk and go about theu." "We'll climb the Schaltz-Alp together," he said, eagerly. The faintest tinga of colour came into her faco. No ono had ever wanted her to climb the " Sweetheart Alp " before. " Who knows?" she answered him, smiling. When they called Jcrmngham up that night he could not believe that the child was dying, she looked so littlo and young among the pillows, and her eyes were as bright as ever when she smiled at him. As he came in Dr. Staunton moved away from the bed, and bis face told Jerningbarn the tiuth. " Child ! Child !" be cried, brokenly. She held out her hand to him. "I wanted to see you once more," she said, laughing. " I wanted to tell you—it has mado such a difference to me—I baye.beea so happy — the happiest months of my life " The sentences came in gasps. He took her hand, but all the words that came to him were— 44 Child,'child, child,*1 over and over again. She clung to him, looking into his fuci^ with great eager eyes. "Make the poor souls happy—as you made me. Oh, no, that is quite impossible. But you will help them?—To die smiling. It makes oeath—honourable." Dr. Staunton walked to the window and stood with his back to them, looking down tbe vulley to the white gate of the pass dim in tho darkness. "I thought—perhaps—do you mind?— you would kiss me," she said. He took her in his arms and held her to him. When ho laid her back on the pillow bo saw that she bad died smiling. That was four years ago. and Jcrningham was still trying to do what the child - had * x- i.OL .i. ' r_t... i:r« done—to lift a corner of the weight of life from the poor seals. It made liis life in Davos very bu3y. And tho professor said he was a fool. He went tobogganing with Mb»s Blake tbatnigbt. Tho*child's prophecy had come true. " He could walk and tret ab>ut; but be h id not yet climbed the Scbaltz- Alp. The toboggan run was just outside the hotel, a sloping road leading into the Dischmithal where the Lanawasser flowed. The snow upon it was set and hard, and the pacing of sleighs made the road slippery. When Jerningham and Hiss Blake pushed off from the top, their toboggans slit- eml down the hill, skimming the road like winged creatures. The moon was full, and the moonlight flooded over, blotting out the stars. Round them the mcudows lay, white-robed iu snow, white-veiled in light, odecp. Cloaked and hooded figures, the piues in the distauee went in slow procession up the Jukobsliveti. Miss Bluke was at the end of the ran, and tbo silence round Jcrningham was full of memories. He sat on his toboggan breathing sharply, and holding his sido where the pain stabbed htm. It was in these sleep ing fields that ho and the child had gathered their flowers. That was four summers ago, and he was alive still. He wrestled with his pain, and his lips and face were white in the moonlight. Presently Hiss Blake came up the hill, panting as she dragged her toboggan. Jihe tat down on it, and when she hud fouud her breath she looked across at Jerningham. 44 How still everything is to-night," she said, in a subdued voice that had lately grown still more subdued. 44 There is some thing ghostly in this silent moonlight, don't you think so? You and I might be two ghosts, pausing before goingdowu again into our valley of death." 44 There is nothing ghostly about you," he said, with u stress on the pronoun. She shivered. 44 No; I almost wish it was so," she said, wistfully. *' And yet. when I feel the sweep and rush of the toboggan down the hill it always seems to me that I am going down, down, into a deep deep silence that has no end." He gave her a look half-sympathetic, half curious. He was-very sorry for tier, and he wondered what had happened between them, that for a whole week the professor had cut Hiss Blake in his rudest manner. They had seemed to be ou such good terms, too. Then there had been a sudden«oolness, and the life hud gone out of Hiss Blake's face, leaving it strained and pathetic. "Something wrong with the liver?" he suggested. In Davos one is ou terms of intimacy with other people's organs. 44 It's not the liver, it's gnosis !" she said. 44 This place is full of them. Last snowfall there was one sitting iu my chair on the balcony. Babettc said it was suow, but I knew better. They are all round us—the I uhosts of the people who have died here; and tbe uhosts oi their mends' thoughts that | come back seeking them; and the ghosts | that are to be. They troop up and down the j road. They make me feel sad. sometimes 1 I wish I were a gboat to be; but there is no chance of that, I am so strong cow," she added, wistfully. •• I'm afraid you had polenta at dinner," he said, lightly, thinking how easy it was for healthy people to talk of death. He hud intended to go in, but seeing the j tears on her face he changed his miud. For j the child's sake he had been specially good to j the lonely women in the hotel; and he knew j Hiss Blake had her trouble. He forgot the stab in his side. i Come uow, Ij11 race you down the hill," I he said, guilr. 44 That will be less gruesome j than this cheerful talk of yours." | Their toboggan* were already in line. She J looked up nt him with a queer smile on her i face. - . I *' Yes, let us race," she said, excitedly, j : And the one who gets down firat shall be I the first ghost." ! With a crunch of steel the sleighs took the road neck to neck, flying dowu like lire things. Neither Jerningbam nor Hiss Blake put any check on the pace. He meant to win. j The air flogged them back, its strokes sting- i mg across their faces, but they flew on neck to ncckydown the hill. Tue shadow of a big boarding-house blackened the snow. They sped across it neck to neck and came ont together into the moonlight. A whirr and a tush and they were at the sharp turn leading to level ground. With a mad sweep they plunged forward, twisting round the corner neck and neck still. She had the disadvantage of the outside, and he gained a yard or two at tbe turn. As the toboggans slowed she leaned forward, dug her pegs into the ground, and shot abreast with hits. She sprang up and looked at him, and -her voice rung across the moan of the river up to the silence of the pines. 44 A dead heat!" she cried. Jerningham shook his head. *•1 was first in," be panted. 141 overtook you." Her tone startled him. He glanced at her and saw her face change iu the moonlight. " Bnt didn't I say you were not to toboggan?" said Dr. Srauaton, sharply. "If yon don't take advice it is useless to ask me to give it." The doctor's, voice was still and vexed, bis tone fierce: but the eyes fixed on his patient contradicted everything. Jerningham had heard tho bark before; he was not afraid of the bite. He looked up smiling. "I'vo not done much harm, doctor. A little pain more or less, what does it mutter? Besides, a man must use up the waste ends. Hy life is a waste end of rope; it may be useful to eke out another rnna's piece of rope." ; 41 You may be lengthening the rope that will eventually hang him," said the doctor; 'I'll send you something for tbepaiu—" • He was wriiiug out a prescription. After a while he looked up. • Thavo told yon before yon are deliberate ly shortening your life." jerningham was silent a moment* ! " Do you think I could last out the winter I with care?" he said. " With care," answered the doctor. He was still writing'. Jerntngbam studied the inscrutable face with its mouth parsed over the writing. He knew every feature of | it by heart, every line on the fine forehead, every flash in the keen'ores—he knew every wrinkle in the waistcoat where the figure broadened. He had reason to know them : all. In the weeks following the child's death Dr. Staunton had nursed him night and day, winning him from the open jaws of the grave. "And if I go about as usual, doctor, how long do you give me?" , The doctor slowly returned the notes to his. pocket. Then he laid his prescription on the I bed. i "They tell mo the ice-run is in excellent I condition." he said. ! " Capital!" said Jerningbam, his pale face : lightening up. " Yesterday Bracey made the run in fifty seconds" ■'That was very rapid. It is n glorious sport. I'll look in to-morrow. Good j morning." | Jerningham smiled as the gray coat aisap , pearcd through the doorway. " I might have knowu I would get nothing out of him." Ho lay still, thinkiug. "I suppose I am a fool." he said to himself. " But what docs a month more or less matter r She said it was worth doing. Nobody called her a fool—only a child." The sharp Hues round his mouth softened. " Dear little child what does it matter ? I shall only find you sooner. Let them say I am a fool. At least I lift a corner of the weight of life. A man can die honourably in teaching others to face death smiling." He turned restlessly on his pillow. 44 If I don't got up, Hiss Blake will reproach herself for Fast night. I wouldn't like her to know how nearly I won that race into Ghostland." He dressed wearily, with long pauses, and dragged himself' downstairs. The public rooms were empty, and no sound of talking came from the balcony. A quick relief shot through him. If the people were out walk ing he could lie down quietly by himself and rest in the sun. He stepped onto the balcony, and faced a row of .melancholy figures lying silent on their chairs. The eyes lifted to his were blauk. or dissatisfied or gloomy ; there was not a my of brightness to bo seen on any face. A sudden vigour straightened his bark: he stepped briskly towards them, rubbing his hands with a guy laugh. " What! what! AU in the dumps ? And a suany day, too ? What, princess, no smile for poor prince?" At his voice a ripple of welcome stirred the stagnation on tho faces. Miss Kayne gave him t melancholy smile. 14 Oh, Air. Jerningham. haven't you heard? It's so sad. Flossie Dab died last night, and she danced nt the hill." The other people turned to him. " It spoiled the evening, of course." Cecil Carew, who was standing on the balcony, turned with the rest, and her glance took in Jorningham's figure, the trousers bagged at the knees, the queer- angular way, moro pronounced to-day than usual, in which ho earned himself. " I wish he wouldn't rub his hands and grin in that ghastly fashion." she said, irri tably. • " What a clown the man is!" " Ho looks rather ridiculous," said Colonel Yiekera, " but he is a good fellow : and after all, he is very arausiug and good natured. He played billiards with young Mason the other night—very bid for him of course—out Mason wanted something to divert his thon^htd." "Do yon thick Mr. Jerningham is very ill r" Cecil asked. "You can't tell—these chronic cases—" "I declare." she interrupted, 41 he is actually proposing fancy dress *at dinner to night. It's not a had idea. It would give everybody something beside Flossie to think about, I'll go aud hear what he is saying." Her face was brighter, as she joined *tfco group round Jerningham. He had effectually banished their melancholy; ;hey were dis cussing costumes and characters as it Fiossio Dale had never existed or had never died. Jerningham had to give suggestions, answer to appeals. promi.«-es to help. At last he was free to go and He down and rest that painful side: but as he walked away Miss Rayne asked him to g> down to Brangricks for her. He did ij er commissions, and «ime back in time for lonch. The professor growled more than ever that day. The fun at the end of the table had never been so fast and furious. "When night came, and a brilliant company sat down to dinner, a clown was in Jcrniug ham's chair. 44 He looks very nice and natural, doesn't he, professor?" Cecil Carew srnd meaningly. 44 I wish he hadn't chosen that dress." Miss Blake said, timidly. The eyes under the fool's cap made her uncomfortable. Everyone was talking and laughing, and criticising and admiring the dresses, hue above the din sounded the incessant jingle of bells. 441 wish lie didn't know that you called him a fool," Cecil addressed the professor again. ".Tush I" he grunted; 41 uii him good. You seo how well the cap fits." " Ho is wiser than some of us," she said. 44 See how he slaves to keep the invalids from being bored." 4t More fool he," grunted the professor. At last ten o'clock come. The impromptu dance following the dinner was over. Jerningham had even.danced twice. The jingle of his bells had kept time with the piano, and no one had noticed his silence. Under the paint uo one bad s*en the ashes on his face. lie had managed to get to his room, but he had only strength onouga to crawl to the couch. He could not even zing the bell; and yet he was suffocating. That heavy cap. . . But his hand was heavy, too; be could not raise it to his head. • . He tried to moisten his Hps: the paint sickened him. . . He gasped, und choked; but could not tear the ruffle from his neck. Ho must have help. ' He rose unsteadily, holding on to the table before the mirror. He smiled us he caught Might of hi> reflection in the glass. "u The professor will say that I am a " The jangle and jar of bells crashing finished the sentence. 