THE GHOST AT.TANTALLON. AN AUSTRALIAN CHRIST3IAS STORY. DY W.W. Said Colonel Poyntz, the new proprie tor of .Tantallon Station property, to his friend, Mr Hereward, as they sat on the verandah of the new homestead, "Could there be a wider difference between this and the scenes in which we spent our loast Christmas?"' "Scarcely, it is very beautiful,- but dreadfully weird-lookiug and lonely. Those plains to the right seemto be in terminable, and the far line of hills are like the hazy clouds at sea that make landsmen-believe they are land. That dark bushlanud seems grim enough to be the haunt of evil things, and the creek winding, down there amid its fringe of wattle and rush, gleams in the '.moon light like a writhing serpent. You won't like to live- much at Tantallon, Poyntz." The Colonel laughed. " "No; I'm a gre ;garious being. .But the okl hall it home -vas lordly in its way too.: -I think I see it now, with the snow lying heavy on the park, and weighing down thlo branuches of the old trees in the churchyard. 'Tis Christmas Eve, Hereward, and the lights will be blazing to-night from every win dow In the old Hall. There will be holly and ivy. in every corner, aye, and mistle toe, and wassall will - be drunk" with many a 'Hall!' and ghost stories will be told while the Yule log Is blizing. By the way, I suppose there are no ghostly legends in Australia; the country is too young." "It is as old as ours, and the natives have known it. I can fancy the spirits of the dark race stalking over the plains that were once their own, and wailing the coming of the paleface, who had al most exterminated their race, with his train of disease and drink." Again light-hearted Colonel Poyntz laughed. "You had always a romantic rein in you, Hereward. I never even believed in the family ghost at Poyntz HalL" "I didn't know- there was one." . "You may ask my mother about that. She believes as firmly in it astdoes every one of the old servants. A famous an cestor of ours, who was beheaded in the time of the second Charles, is in the habit of perambulating the terrace on the anniversary of his death, with his head under his arm. Now could absur dity go farther than such a belief? Jacob," and the Colonel called to an elderly man who was passing the end of the verandah at that moment. "Yes, sir." "Have you any ghosts in Australia?" "You needn't go far to find one, sir. There's one appears down below at Old Tantallon:'." "Where's that?" "The old homestead, sir, where old Dnncan used to live when he squatted here and for years'after: You can see the place thereto the right, sir, near the creek among them trees." "Aghost at Tantallon! - There you are; Hereward, I hop6 you are satisfied.' Is it the ghost of a blackfellow, Jacob?" "No, sir: it's the spirit of.a white man, and a spirit that has the right to appear, for in the body he was murdered. You needn't laugh at it, Colonel Poyntz, for it's true, and I've seen the spirit of James Wilson myself." "Then there can be no possible doubt that there is a ghost at Tantallon," re turned the colonel; "so sit you down there and tell my friend, Mr Hereward, the story. As for me, I have some let ters to write, and will be out of the way while you tell it" Jacob Smith sat down on the edge of the verandah, and, having satisfied himself that Mr Hereward really wish ed to hear the story, began it promptly. "It's nearer thirty than twenty year ago since old Duncan came here, and squatted on Government land, and from the beginning he had James Wil son, another elderly - Scotchman, with him. I think they were partners, but I'm not sure. I've been on Tantallon ten years myself now, and it's five since old Duncan die. For four years Wil son's ghost has appeared at the old homestead every:Christmas Eve, and 'twill appear till ills body is found and buried." "It is not old Duncan's ghost, then?" "No, sir. I'm going to tell you all about it. Old Duncan'was one of the meanest men that ever lived, and be grudged himself the very bite he, ate. There were continual' rows between him and Wilson, who 'didn't believe in being stinted -of food, clothes and 'bacca. However It was between them about the few. hundred sheep they grazed, and sheared every year, Dun can kept the purse, and stuck to it with a tight grasp; and what luck could the old miser expect? He died a dreadful death this night five years: "I was shepherding on this part of the run then, for the gentleman that Colonel Poyntz bought the station from, and, feeling lonely on Christmas eve, for want of a better place; went down to Duican's. The door was ajar, and after calling out, I went Inside. There was no fire in the big chimney, and no light in either room. I struck a match, and lit a bit of candle I found on the table; and then I went into the bed room'rwith it in my hand. "There were two bunks in the'back room of the hut, and old Duncan's was behind the door. --I looked therefirst, and what I saw I will remember only too well to my dying day. Dunean was lying on the bed, dressed as he usually was, and between lis tiwo hands, clenched and stiffened on his breast, was a small tin pannikin. He was evidently on the point of death, but still conselous, and he spoke. be tween his clenched teeth three words. "When he heard me enter, his rolling eyeballs turned townard me. 'As if he had beengalvanlsed,- his hands un Clenched, and the pannikin dropped with a rattle to the floor.' His right Wilson's bunk; and stiffened in the posi tion as he said, with an effort that was his last, 'I've-murdered-Wlson!' "There was a long pause between each word, if he wanted to fill up the gaps he couldn't have done it; and as he said the last his body airched stiflly, and in horrible agony he gasped his last breath. No man who had ever witnessedl the action of strychnine could doubt from what cause he died. There was Ilepty of strychnine for use among the sheep, and-old -Duncan had taken a dose of it." " " 'Twas a case of suiclde, then?" Mr Hereward askled. "There was 'no' doubt of it in the minds of the juiny at the inquest, sir; he had quarrelled with Wilson, and in the heat of passion perhaps murdered him. Then his conselechee made life an Im poasibillty, and he took his own." "Where vwas Wilson's body fotund, then?" "It has not ben found to tiS day, sir. Old Duncan was ,a strong man, and he may h~ve carried it, to the creek. But, more likely it Isburied in the old brchard. I made some search myself; but, of course, I had no right to do it, espeeinll. as there were fools that said Wilson was not dead at all." "What reasons have'you for being certain that lie is, Jaeob?" "Good God, sir; hadn't I the man's own dying words for it? Djdn't he say, 'I've murdered Wilson?' and didn't his hand stiffen in death lointing to Wilson's bed? When I took the candle over to the bunk I saw that there was a pool of blood in it; and the blood was aetually bespattered on the wall." "W'ell, sir, in a year after that awful night George Milton, a mnta of mine, was passing the old homestead about midnight, a thing he wouldn't have done if he Ihad been qulte sober, though you had given him five pounds to do it. Thile place had got a badt name throughI the murder and suicide. and not a man on the run would consent to live in it for love or money. George saw the spirit of WiUson In the old orchard, and at first thought It was some living be ing. but wbhen the moon fell upon the awful white face he knew it, and rail "I hardly believed it myself, sir, un tll the next Christmas eve, when I watched, and saw James Wilson - as plain as I see you. Three times since I've $eenthe same spirit, but I never could pluck up courage to speak to it They say, you know, Mr Hereward that if you can speak to a spirit it breats the spell, and it is allowed to tell you .hat is troubling It." S"I aove heard that; and what do you thinklls troubling the spirit of James Wilson, Jacob?" "Hlis body.remains unburied, sir, o perhaps his savings are hidden some where about the old place, and he want them to go to someone near and dear to him in his old Scotch home." At this point there was a laugh from the olen window, and they saw that Colonl Poyntz was sitting inside smok log, and that he had heard the whole story.(. 9 '!Of course, the poor fellow is looking for his own bones!" he cried. "but he may lie thankrul he hasn't to carry his head.unimler his arm, as one ghost at the Hall does. "Are you going to interview James Wilson again to-night, Jacob?" "No, sir. I determined that I would never go again. For weeks after see ing it I am quite nervous and upset; for you see, I believe that the dead return sir, though you do not" And Jacob feeling really angry that his ghos story should be made a mockery of rose and went away. "I'm afraid I've annoyed the poor old fellow," the Colonel said, contritely "but I couldn't, for the life of me, help It. The whole theory of spiritual re visitat ins seems to me so utterly unten able hnd idiotic that I see only the ab surd side of ghost stories." "What do you say to a ramble down as far as the old homestead to-night?' questioned Hereward; "if there is any thing to see, we should at least see it." "I hare no objection in life, only I warn you that I shall take a revolver and have a shot at the ghost of Tantal ion if I see it. If there has been any appearance, it has been that of aliving man, who is, for some object of his own, ip4osing on the credulity of poo Jacob and other such simpletons. will get my revolver, and go with you for it Is after eleven, and the ghost's hour of release is, of course, the mysti twelve." "From midnight until the first cock crows. Well; Poyntz, in the face of al the wonderful things that none of on grandfathers could have credited, ye are becoming assured to us day by day I dare not say that the spirits of dent men and women do not on ocecasions re visit the earth." "There is one thing that science has however,inever discovered, my friend and that is the spirit itself. Where in the body. is it located? Of what es sence is it formed? They tell us in the Scriptures that 'the blood is the life, and that is certain enough: when a man's veins are drained of it he dies But where lies the soul that is said to escape with the life, no man has told us or ever-will tell us. The whole'mat ter is one of'the4-nscrutable mysteries that we shall never know.' -"Until we know, as we are known,' urmm?red Hereward. "And begin to ramble back to earth on.our own account between midnigh and cockecrow!" cried the irrespressibl Colonel. "Come; let us see what thi particular ghost is made of at al events." The two gentlemen went down by the line of creek following the belt o bushes on its bank, so as to avoid ob servation, and soon arrived In the shadow of the big trees that surround ed the old hut, around which was a visible neglect and decay as well as al most the silence of death itself. It was a hut of two rooms with a door and two small windows in the front that fqced. the creek. The blind over.the windows were torn and soiled the green drip from overhanging branches had made long. slimy track down the slab sides of the lonely look inug enew fR , '£e grass had grown long and thitk on the threshold-it was only too evident that not for many years had a footstep crossed that door step. The colonel tried the latch, bu it was fast.. "'Let us go. round to the back"' he said, "there is sure to be some entrance that way."; The.baci door was open, and had been so fulmany a day; the top hinge was broken and the door had dropped some inches from the post. The gentle men entered the kitchen into which some moonbeams penetrated through a small window new the wide chimney. "A gruesome "looking place," said Poyntz, as he looked round the room, while his friend stood inside the door, and was steadily gazing up the old or chard.. There was about an acre of it in which the crooked old apple trees had spread broad branches that laid deep shadows-on the grass. "Come here, Poyntz," Mr Hereward said, In.a low tone, and the Colonel quickly stood beside him. "There Is a figure up yonder. I saw it a minute ago, under that biggest tree. There itis again ,lild it's jpaving this way. It was certainly so. Plainly to be sein, asit crossed slowly, and with ap parent" unsteadiness,. the patches of moonlight between the apple trees, a tall, thin-form, with bowed shoulders and attennated frame, moved down the old orchard. It seemed of a grey hue, and the bowed head was - covered with a broad Scotch bonnet. "The ghdst, by heaven!"' said Colonel Poyntz, as he handled his revolver. "We'll see now if there's any flesh about it!" Hereward caught his friend's arm. "For God's sake stop, Poyntz! It is a liv ing belng.-You would not commit a mur der in cold blood! What a terrible face! The man is ill!" ' The igure was nearing tlte hut, evid ently with the intention.of entering by the deor at which the friends stood. Both drew back into the deep shadow, at the frontwhlle the tottering being entered, holding on by'the door post to assist his almost helpless limbs to cross the thresh old. Then he turned, and uttered a bitter moan. "For the last time," he said, as lIe looked out on the old orchard, "and all for nothing!" and then he turned to a hugh cupboard near the fireplace, and drew the door to him. The gentlemen had remained almost brecohless in their anxiety to watch the mysterious being. When he entered the cupboard and drew the door behind him, there was a slight grating sound, and then silence. "There is a cellar. W'e are on the eve of solving this .nystery," said the Cnlptl. "l,'Ollow me," and putting his re vols'er in a convenient pocket, he lit a small aIntuern he had thoughtfully provid e!l htimself with, and opened the cup lo:ird door. lBehind it was a row of nar row shelves, emlpty, save for old bits of forelaiper and a thick coating of dust. Tle.,Colonel saw\ that these shelves were attached to another door, for the being whlo had just passed through had not drawn it very closely behind him. Down thile few steps, formed of worn eltes, the gentlemana went, followed cosely by 3Ir lHereward. lit was surely a smuall cellar in which they found theomselves. strletching unde f?e.keichen and partly underi the bed riom of the hut. So near the Colonel's (dil head was the floor above that he tad to stoop down when he passed indcr a joit. Thrlgough a couple of loles low on tlle groundt, outside the laint moonlight was visible, yet the al vas damp and tnllwltolesomes. No won 4er that the face t of one who hal lived :here for yearls should have been taken 01r the face of :i dead mulan. A bucket of watelstood near a low stretcher, on wrhich lay the form they 3ad seen pass through tilhe kitchen thastly, and breacthing hard, the man's eyeballs tutrned hIelplessly to the new omers. tIe was evidently too ill to se'culate or to care on what business they had cme. Poyntz set his lan tern on a stool, and, having opened It so that the light should fall upon th wretched bed, he stooped over the sic' man. "So." he said, grimly, "you are the ghost of Old Tantallon?" "I am James. Wilson," was the reply "and I am a dying man. Whatever I your business here let me die in peace if I can." Colonel Poyntz unscrewed the to from his pocket-flask, poured a littl spirits into the lid, added water from th bucket at his feet, and held it to Wil son's lips. "Drink that; it will enable you to tel us how you managed to make peopl believe you were dead all these years and that old Duncan. had murdered you." Wilson swallowed the cordial with difficulty,'and spoke hurriedly. "There' no use hiding the truth-TlOW, for I'm a dying man. It was not my fault tha people accused old Duncan wrongfully but I was here in this rcellar when Jacob found him dying, and said the words that convicted himself, and I was glad that the murde; should no be traced tb me." - "To you! : What murder?" "The murder of old Duncan. It wa me that poisoned him." "Surely your mind is astray. Duncan' words were plain enough." "They were misunderstood. What h wanted to day was; 'I've been murdered by Wilson,' but the words stuck in hi dying throat as mine are sticking now Oh, God! what a terrible deed, and al for nothing-nothingl" "Tell us about it, if you can. If your words are true the only atonement you can make to the memory of the old man is to confess your own guilt. Take a few drops more of the spirits and con Less." "It was not all my fault. If Duncan had only given me my own he might have been alive this night. I had an equal share in all, but he cheated m out of it. I had hard work to get five shillings, now and then, while he added sovereign after sovereign to his bag until it was so full that it could chink no longer. I couldn't get enough to eat either, and I had no Hope at last only that he would die and that I should get all. "But he had no notion of dying, not he, and we lived a life of hell - quar relling from day to day. I watched him every hour to find out in what new corner he had hidden his hoard, for he was always changing it about; and when I had a pretty good guess where to lay my hand on it I made up my mind he should never live to hide it in another place. "One day my chance came. Duncan felt sick, and began to quake with fear that he should die. We had a few fowls grubbing about the orchard, and I proposed to make him some broth, de claring that it was the miserable diet that was killing him. I killed the fowl and in doing it managed to cut my hand pretty severely. That was the blood scattered on my trunk as I tore off a bit of the sheet to bandage it. I per suaded the old man to lie down, and when the broth was ready I mixed enough of strychnine In it to finish him I thought he was dead just before I heard Jacob's step, and I held his hands on the pannlkin till they seemed to stiffen on it, for my idea was to make it appear a sulede. "When I heard the step I darted to the cellar that we had always kept a secret. You know the rest. . I have been searching ever since for the old miser's money, and never found the bag." "How have you managed to live for these five years?" "Donald M'Crea, my brother-in- law, has known all along, and I had a few pounds saved of my own. M'Crea is hut-keeping on the next station, and hoped to share old Duncan's plant when I found it. But I never found it, and there is the old villain coming to mock me!" The wreched man had risen suddenly to point to a dark corner of the cellar The Colonel put his fingers on the bony wrist, and with the other hand gently pushed the dying man back to his pillow. "There is nothing there, Wilson; Try to ask your God to forgive you, for your time is short." "I cannot pray! You-you-" and he was gone. "May the Lord have mercy on his soul!" It was Mr Hereward who mur mured the words, as Colonel Poyntz drew a corner of the old blanket over the awful dead face. Under the orders of the Colonel there was a general overturn of the old homestead on the morning after Boxing Day. A party ot men pulled every stick and stone of it down. Whateve might be made use of in any other wa, was carted from the spot, and after at exhaustive search the cellar was fillet up. When the site had been levelled and sown with grass seed, the Colone turned to old Jacob with a grim smile "I hope you will own now that the ghost of old Tantallon has been finally laid?" "Not a bit of it, sir. If It was a mock ghost that deceived us before we'll hay the real one now. The spirit of Jame Wilson is sure to haunt the place unti the money is found." The Colonellaughed at the old man' obstinate belief, but there are those still living in the district who declare that the shadowy grey form, with th broad shoulders, and drooping Scotch bonnet over its ghastly face, is still t' be seen gliding noiselessly in the or chard at Old Tantallon. And the miser' plant has never yet been discovered. The "Daily News" Vienna correspon dent telegrapha--The appearance some years ago of Maurice Frankl, the "ready- reckoning" prodigy, will still be remembered. He .was still a child when he could solve any problem in arithmetic, however long and difficult, in an incredibly short time, and without the aid of paper or pencil. His suc cess seems to have been his ruin, for he learnt nothing by which to earn a liv ing when no longer a prodigy, and lately his powers of calculation in figures seems to have failed him. While before a large audience he made several mis takes in giving his answers, and he be came so desperate in consequence that after wandering in the streets all day, he jumped into the Danube at night from the Reichsbrucke, sixty teet high. Some of the crew of a craft at anchor cldose by dived to save him, but he battled furiously and when dragged out at last and taken to his sister's house, complained of having been prevented from putting an end to his miserable life. IIIS CHOICE. Proud Father (showing off his boy be fore comnpany): "My son, which would you rather be, Shakespeare or Edison?" Little Son (after meditation) "I'd rather lie EdLstn." Proud Father: "Yes. Why?" Little Sona: "'Cause h ain't dad." "Therr." said snkL cronie to another. to whom he was sh wig the lions of a Scotch town. "that's the statue of Bailie W--." "Is it no' a guid bit larger.than life size, though?" queried his friend. "Ou. ny, it's a' that, but it's no' a bit bigger th thn the Dalile thocht he was African Exorr -- Lng a arn)-" : Not velry long ago I went out one day unarmed, when I suddenly found myself face to face with three lions. Friend: Vell? Explorer : fixed my gaze on the blutes then sturek??ny hands in my pocke:s, and walked away whistlithg an air from an opera. Friend : And :.A!dn't the lions Immediately'tish at you? Ex plorer : They couldn't, It was at the Zoo. It Is said that a French painter one da: visited the Salonlin Paris in company with a triend who was a member of the committee of selection; and who had been instrumental in securing the acceptalnce of the painter's worki. - When the artist camele) near his picture, he~ exclaimed : "'Goqd gracious! you're excibtlhg, my pictUt'e wrong side up!'". "Hush!" ' wa the ?ply; "the commltt~e refused it the othe Y ,ay."' 