THE SCOURGE OF CANCER, is IT ' jiMT.T,Y DECREASING IN ENGLAND ? AA'ltliln recent years, says the "Daily Chronicle," the scourge of cancel- is popu larly supposed to have increased in this conn- try. That point Is the text of a discussion among medical men. which fills the new number of their recognised monthly maga zine, "The . Practitioner." Dr. Newsholme, tlieinedlcal officer of hc-nith for Briglitou, has studied cancer from tho actuarial, as well as the medical, standpoint. This is whnt lie says as to tlie amount of cancer In England and AA'nles:— "In tlie five years 1801-05 cancer was responsible for nu annual registered mortnllty of 712, nnd lu 1S0G of 704, to every million of the population. Can cer, causes about 0 pet cent, of the total deaths registered n-ihong males at ages over 45, aud over 7 per cent, of the total deaths registered niuong females at ages over 45\. AA'ere the real facts known it would he found thnt the number of deaths due to cancer is even greater than these figures in dicate." : " MINERS' 1SIAHJX1TY FROM CANCER. Dr. - Newsholme goes Into statistics ns to the local distribution of cancer and Its mor tality according to occupation. The theory that excessive nervous strain and anxious work provoke cancer does not receive support in the fact that the com parative mortality figure tor medical men is ouly 43, while it Is as high as 70 for brewers. . . Chimney ,su-ccps occupy a supremely high position In mortality from cancer. It would appear thnt the ln-itatiug effects of the pro ducts of Imperfect combustion of coal is much more prone to bring out cancerous ac tivity thnn the. manipulation of crude coal, though coal heavers have a somewhat high proportional amount of cancer. T.lic low cancerous figure for coal miners indlcntcs that they enjoy a comparative lm-. muuity from cancer, as well as from phthi sis. Ho asks, "Can it bo that we have to look to intemperate habits ns being a main tac-. tor at work, rather than the particular occu pation?" Next has there been any real increase of caucer mortality? His answer is that It Is more apparent than real, being due to more accurate diagnosis and better registration. ' CANCER DUE TO A PARASITE.; Mr. Plluinier, pathologist to St. .Mary's I-Iospltal,- records tho results of extensive in vestigations which ho has made In reference to cancer. These have led him to the con clusion that- cancer Is due to a parasite. During the past six years he- examined mi croscopically 127S cancers. He found para sitic bodies iu 1130. The following is re markable: — "From the last of these cas?s which have come into my hands I was able to isolate an organism which lu certain mil- mals was able to cause -death, with the pro duction of tumors in various parts. -The cancer from which this organism was iso lated was taken from the brenst of a woman aged 35. It bad a history of only two mouths duration/and it was growing rapidly ut the time of the operation." CANCER HAUNTED HOUSES. AYe have all 'heard of ghost-haunted houses: but. surely there Is a new terror lu the idea of cancer-haunted houses. Air. D'Arcy Power contributes some curious ob servations as to the predilection of .cancer for particular places, aud even .'for certain houses. Here is a ease:— "Miss B., aged 45, lived In a certain house in a suburb of Lou don for 13 years, and died of caucer of the stomach in 18S4. Aliss T„ aged 47, next' oc cupied her bedroom. She had lived iu tho house tor 20 years, nnd died of cancer of the liver lu October, 1SS5. Mrs. J., aged 07\. who bad lived iu tbe house for eight years, succeeded to the place and to the bedroom successively occupied by Aliss B. and by Atrs. 'X'. AXrs. J. died of cancel- lu 1803." Atr. D'Arcy Power cannot help tbluking that such cases raise n stroug presumption in favor of cancer being an infective disease, to which some are much more susceptible than others. Locality sccuis to be a predomi nant factor, aud he docs uot put great stress on a given room or house, or water sup- pir- HOW CANCER CAN BE CURED. Tho final question is, AA'hat can be done for paticuts suffering from cancer? Profcs- sor AYatsou.Che.vne tnkes the view that can cer is at first a local, rather than a constitu tional trouble.- In that view, if the disease is delected early aud operated upon freely, the patient may_3To. cured. ..The attempts to. cure cancer- by other means than operatiou are. he snys, iuvariably futile. AVhnt cau be done for a patient for whom nothing is possible in the way of actual cure? In other words, is It worth while living when a caucer jts'lft full possession? Says X'rofes-'. son Watson Chcyne: "In many eases we can still do much to prolong life, and, whnt Is of much more importance to these patients, to make such period of life as remains to them much more tolerable." That is ail. 