THE DALKEITH MURDER. Now that the Dalkeith murder case is all over, it is permissable to comment upon the facts, as well as the methods, which the, police have employed in the ad- ministration of justice, or, to use a more accurate phrase, in the persecution of the man Fox, whose only crime appears to have been that had the misfortune to be the one person whom the police could see any excuse for arresting. The police eagerness to make an arrest can easily be understood. Quite a number of serious offences, culminating in the post office robbery, had happened within a short period of the murder, and the police were completely at fault. It was important therefore that a shocking murder in the suburbs should not find a place among the memorials of the police inefficiency. This, no doubt, was the true inwardness of the arrest of Fox, against whom the judge told the jury at the trial, there was no evidence, and that his whole demeanour .and behaviour throughout the piece had been that of an innocent man. This, in itself, was a strong rebuke to the police, but it becomes stronger when it is remembered that the only particles of evidence, which could be contorted into appearing adverse to Fox, were obtained long after his arrest. The very first evidence, that of Fox's little girls, which came to the knowledge of the police, was sufficient, in the eyes of any reasonable man, to exculpate him. Everything tended to show that Mrs Fox was murdered during the absence of her husband in the metropolis, and all the adverse evidence which the police could collect only strengthened that impression. This never suggested to the miscalled officers of justice that their prisoner should be liberated but only stimulated the hunt for evidence against him. It is un- fortunately a universal characteristic of the police, that their energies are devoted, not towards securing all the evidence available, in the cases they undertake, but such only as will convict. It is more than possible that in the zealous search for evidence which would incriminate Fox the police have, missed the clues, which would have helped them to unravel what is now, and probably will, remain for ever, a mystery, for having failed in running down Fox. the police energies will be relaxed, and the case forgotten. because the department does not encouraged any interference with the ghosts of its own incompetence. For the humilat- tion, anxiety and suffering that Fox has been forced to undergo, there is no compensation. As a matter of fact he is afflicted with an affection of the heart, and the worry and mental tension be has endured have seriously weakened 'him. He owes all this to the inefficiency of the police, and if the law did provide many means for compensating those who have suffered unjustly, no maney pay- ment could buy back to a man his lost health, or immunity from the jibes of at. least some of his fellows. There is no excuse for the police whatever way the case is regarded. It cannot be urged that they were so satisfied of Fox's guilt that they felt forced to prosecute him, because he had not been in custody more than a day or two when they arrested a Chinese for the same offence, but he was soon discharged and the persecution of Fox continued, to the shame of the police both rank and file, especially the rank because the force can never be effective unless it is better directed. There,is a sound legal maxim that it is better that, ninety-nine guilty men should Escape rather than one innocent person should suffer, but the police policy is that it is better, to convict one hundred innocent people rather than the police should lose a case they have undertaken. It would be an absurdity in any com- mentary upon this case to gloss-over the indecency of Dr Lovegrove, the City Coroner in his summing up of the evidence adduced at the inquest. Instead of being a judicial dissertation on the facts and an exposition of their applica- bility to the law, Dr Lovegroves summing up was the deliverance of an advocate for the Crown upon which he secured " the verdict that permitted of Foxs committal. In any other country Where the principles of British Law pre- vail, the address Dr Lovegrove was guilty of, would have raised such an outcry, as would have made any repeti- tion of it impossible. The administra- tors of affairs in this colony, however, leave Dr Lovegrove to perpetrate as many more of his un-English vagaries as occasion may afford him. 