IN THE CHRISTMAS MOONLIGHT, COMPLETE IN TBIS ISSUE J BY \ IZA DUFFUS HARDY, Author of 41 Tho Romance of the Rear Car," \ i "Luko Mary Rose»" &o.;, &o.; COPTRIOHT.J HO -vvoiiUl Gri s tnm trees bond- 'ing beneath their, burthen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, tho tall slim pines, the graceful "yellow pines" of the south, their feathery crowns of folingo traced in delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a sky almost too vivid in its light and colour. It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet tho sun beams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and danced in a dazzle of dia monds on the lake, that was us pure a bine as the shining sky. It ' was as fair a scene as the eye could . desire, yet Helon spoke with a sort of in voluntary sigh. "Who would over think it was Onristmus Eve i" "Isn't it lovely t" said her sister Mary, with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and settled in this fair Florida home, had ceased ' to sigh for her native land. " Yes, it's lovely, if only ono didn't see so muoh of it ! But what I should like to see now would be frost and snow or evon a good thick yellow London fog !" "I'm afraid oven John could not oblige you with that here, though I think ho is not ' very far behind tho French king (which one was it?) who hud the ground covered with salt when tho lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in summer." " John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not : the only one that does," rejoined Helon, aimi ng and stretching out her hand to her sister. ' I don't think we've spoilt you, Noll 1 " said Mary Weston, pattiug the pretty hand. " But I think John would, if he could." "He is very good," the younger Bister said, leas lightly. " Ho is ! " Mrs. Weston agreed emphati cally. " And you aro very fond of liim. aren't you ? " with a touch of anxiety which she did not intend to betray, but which was pluin as tho sun in tho heaven to Helen's quick perception. " Yes, I am," she answered sinoeroly ; "I should bo very ungrateful if I wasn't 1 But I do wish ho would take me homo for a honeymoon trip 1 " sho added, with only half -playful petulance, "Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip." " Not everybody, dear." " Well, everybody who can afford it, and John can afford anything he likes 1" " But, you see, it is John's business keeps him here." "Oh, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just a pervorso fnnoy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in summer, for snow in this sunnv south." "I'm afraid, dear Noll, you get a little homesick soinotimcs." "Do I, Mary?" with a curious smile. " You think so?" "I am afraid so, sometimes, deer. But you'll settle down all happily and comfortably when once you are married and in your own home." " Yours has been home to me, Mary !" " And you have helped to mako it a real home to mo. I might have felt a little strange and fur-away evon with Ercd, if it had not heeu for you. And now I must go aud help Chloe make tho oakes." "And I'll come and do the mincepies," said Helen cheerfully. "No, no, Noll; I won't have you getting tired and flushed over the stove ; John will . bo coming soon." " Poor, dear Mary ! " said Helen to her- \- self, as her sister hastened away on household cures intent. " She only thinks I am home sick. If she only knew how tired I am of oranges und piuetrees ! And she's so anxious, poor dear, to bo assured that I um really fond of John ! Dear, good John ! the only thing I'm afraid of is that ho is too good for mo ! But I shall bo nblo to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm sure I shall bo happy with him, ns happy as any womun can expect to be, after the first dream is over !" She sighed as her thoughts went back to that " first dreuin." "Walter," sho murmured. "Poor Walter 1 If ho had lived !" Visions of another Christmas rose before her. Walter was helping lior to put up the holly. They two wero lingering over their good-uight in tho hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she wont out into tho chill of the white wintry night with him to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, for that "white Christmas" of fuur years ago! "My poor boy! My poor boy!" Helen said softly to herself. " To think that the cold, uruelscu, tho deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head ! und that iio one, no one, will ever, over lmow tho truth!" She shuddered and clasped her hands, und tho bright colours of the suuuy landscape grew dim to her oves. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, came, tho smile was ready to greet him rin her lips. She was very fond of John, aud the past was past ; tho present, though it did seem a little dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beaido thut poor dead past, aud yet full of hope ; thanks to John ! Sheltered by his lovo, surely she would bo safo from the sting of memory, oven from the insidious gnawing of homesickness. Ho was so strong, it gavo her a satisfying sense of pro tection and safety to be with him. Ho laid the muscles of a gladiator, mid yet, with all his rough, uncultivated ways, the gontlcuess of a'womau. Hclou loved tho mingling of half rough force und reverent tcndcruess about him, and often assured herself that Bho roally loved him very much, though sho was not very lavish of protostations or caresses — which indeed wero not muuh in Helou Dai- ry mplc's way. John was English, too. Perhaps, if ho hud not been her compatriot, ho might have found his Helen harder to win. Thoro were mauy English settled in this part of Florida, but few ns fortumito us John Armstrong. Everything ho touched seemed to prosper, and now in winning Helen's troth ho hud won, his crowning fortune — his heart's dosire. His nun-bronzed and soraowhut rugged- featured face was beaming, as ho drew his chair as olosc us it could be drawn to liors, and took possession of lior hand und felt tho \- slender fingers rest in his big palm as if it wore thoir homo. " Do you know, darling, this is tho hap piest Christmas I've ovor hud ? " ho said. "Since you were a boy!" Bho rojoiuod, laughingly. " But you don't know anything about mo . when I was a boy? " ho demurred, smiling in happy response. " Oh yes, I know that you wore very muoh liko other bovB 1 You were happy wheu to stuff yourself with mincepies nnd plum pudding, und pull oruokors and play simp- dragon, was your highest idenl of happiness ! And you wero happy whon you kissed tho girls under tho mistletoe 1 " " But never half so lmppy as now that I can kiss my girl without the mistletoe ! My own girl 1 No, darling, there's not a soul in sight 1 You aro my own girl, aren't yon ? Helon, darling, what would you liko to do to keep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall we have a drive iu the evening and a pionio supper iu tho woods bv moonlight P" " A moonlight pionio on Christmas night! Oh, John, whore is your senso of tho Ultiug ?" \ John looked puzzled. J " I wont to do anything that would pleaso you, dearest. What would please you?" j " Oh; I don't know. Perhaps a good old- I fashioned JSpgi#h fnwt, or a London fug, or a sloigh-ride I" rooalling her conversation with her sistor. " Nothing I can givo you?" ho Batd, with a shade of disappointment. fi John, dear, you're too good ! oho said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. '1 don't deserve thut you should got mo anything 1 Mavy said to ino just now that 'she thought I was a little homo sink— und Xsupposo that's ust what I am ! Oh, John, couldn't we «o ibrao in spring on a littlo hunoymooit trip ?" I'm ufruid not, darling ; perhaps some t.imo, but not now. lluleu. can't you ho lmppy hero? You know I'll do all I can." "Indeed I do know it, you uro the best and dourest of old Johns!" sho answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smito. "Helon," ho said, after a thoughtful pause, in which his genial i'neo had grown grave, " do you know that. I feel sad some times, fearing that tho lif« hero won't content you, that you'll bo thinking of England as homo!' Audi wonder sometimes whethor it isn't hccauso it wiis in England that — that yon remember you told mo. darling, bless your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keop any secret from me, my swoetheurt ! that, there was — somo one you — liked there— . some ono who is doud." " Need we talk of him?" said Helen more coldly. "No, no, darling, not if it hurts you! But it hurts me to think that there's a pain in that memory still ! I'd liko to take all pain, all trouble, from you, even any pain of the past ! I'd draw tho sting from your memory if I could?" " No memory can sting me very sharply while I have you, John," she answered with an impulse of self-reproachful, half remorse ful tenderness. " Aud I won't give way to home sickness any wore if it gives you the least hit of pain ! Don't troublo yourself, John, about the ghost of yesterday ! To morrow is yours !" "And to-day?" he urged. "Is to-day- divided ? Or is it all mine ? " " I think it looks us if it were all yours," she said, softly, as he lchsed licr. " Letyestor- day rest, John, rest with the last year's snows iu England ! And let us go and pick oi'Hnges to-day ? And there are some guavus still. I should like some for lunch. Wo hover seo them at home except in jelly, do we ? After all, there are some good things iu the sunny south ! " she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tone. " There aro guavas, and grapo-fruic, and you! " John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him, he could not make up his mind what to give Helen for a Christmas present. Blundering fellow that he was ! he reproached himself, not to huvo thought over it before. Ho went to tho best jeweller's in Giraldu, tho nearest largo town, where, having but little time to spare, und being, unable to make up his mind in husto on the spot, ho ordered a soleotion of choice trinkets to bo sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one in Giraldu know John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty mftdo about entrusting the jewels to his care. He was looking in anxious cogitation from tho contents of one velvet-lined cuso to another, as they were set out before him on tho table, wheu there was h tap at the door, and the negro " bell-boy " unnounccd, " Mr. Lawrence, sab, wants to know ef he kin see you." "Why, certainly, Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come iu, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, my dear fellow !" "Tho same to you! I seo I needn't usk how you uro !" said the visitor, glancing ut John Armstrong's healthy brown face. "Oh, I'm all right — right as a trivet! And you? how have you beon? All right too, I hope? Grovo flourishing ?" "Yes, nil going on well. I've come up to Giraldu on a littlo business, and you're the first person I've looked up." " That's right, that's all right !" said Arm strong, hoartiiy, " I've been thinking of run ning down to Tumpu, and then I'd have been tho ono to look you up, but I've hud my hands full lately ; it's been a busy time, though it's not been all business ! You've just come in tlio nick of time now, to give me your help und advice. I was just muddling my bruin over these things," jerking his head towards the display on the table. " Which do you think's the — the best of the lot ? The — the most likely to— suit a lady?" Armstrong was stammering and the colour rose in his bronzed cheek. 1 "A Jady? Ah! " said Lawrence, with a smile. " "Pleasure us well as business been keeping you about here. I see?" " Yes, you see, well, the fact is, I'm going to be married." "Heartiost congratulations, old fellow! The young lady's luoky— that I know ! and so are you, I hope ! " " I just am !" said Armstrong emphatically. " Wait till you see her ! " " Wheu 6ho will be wearing one of these, I expect ! " suggested Lawrence. He was a youiiger man than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly bluo eyes, a pleasant, though rather sad, smile, and a generally rather grave, thoughtful expression. Ho was sympatheti cally willing to help tho perplexed lover in his choice of a gift, which was fortunate, as poor John had not much tasto, and was sorely bewildered in his contemplation of tho 44 em- barras de riohesses" that lay before him. "Now this — this is something out of the common, eh?" he suggested, but hesitat ingly, us defcrriug to Lawrence's bettor judgment, pointing to a necklace of alligator's teoth lavishly set in gold. " Or this now ? " indicating a heart-shaped ornament almost big enough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lover's kuot studded with jewels of all the colours of the rainbow. " Do you think alligators' teeth quite u pretty thing to clasp round a girl's throat? " Lawrence demurred. "And isn't this a trifle — just a trifle showy? " John's countenance fell. "She likes everything dainty and deli cate, " he said. " How about this?" said Lawrence, taking up a simple hut costly necklet of a single- string of exquisitely matched pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. " Dou't pearls mean tears?" ho rejoined. "Ah? You wouldn't risk giving her those ?" said the youngor man, with a smile that ended in a short, quiokly-stifled breath like a sigh. "No, I wouldn't," said Armstrong, notic ing his friond's look with uu instinct of fellow-feeling. " You wouldn't either, would you, Lawrenco, if you wero choosing — something for somobody?" "No, I suppose I should be superstitious, too. But thero's nobody— now! and I'vo hud nil the superstition and fancy and romance prqtty well knocked out of mo." "There's nobody now," Armstrong re- pouted liis words. "There," lie added, delicately and hesitatingly, " there was some body once, then ?" " Once !" Lawrence echoed, looking down at tho pearl necklaoo. When the ohoioe was finally inadu of a slender gold brucelot with a four-leaved shamrock in diamonds ("All women liko diamonds," the two men had agreed), the comrades sat down with a pipe and glass, und then Armstrong referred, in his frankly sympathetic, if blundering way to Lawrence's Into admission. " I'm afraid my— my asking 'you about that," nodding towards tho braoelet, "recalls thiiigs to you ! " 4 Thoy havon't got far to be recalled, thoy lio near tho surfaoo," tho youuger man repliod, gloomily. "There was somebody, and it— it— didn't come to any thing ? " Armstrong ventured, his heart softened by his own happiness, his sympathy too sincere to be intrurive. Lawronoo paused a moment, then said, ubruptly : " She thinks I'm dead, at least I hope sho does. She's fur away — I shall never seo her again. But somoliow Ohristmua ulwuys makes me think of old days." Armstrong noddod in silent oomprohension. Lawrence paused a moment, then udded with almost harsh abruptness : " Look here, Armstrong, I'vo often thought of tolling you. I was very near it inoro than once, when you wovo such a good chum to mo at Oculii, Tho fact is, I— I left England under a oloud! My vory name — well, it's my own, for I was ohristoued Lawrence ns my second name, but it's not my true sur- imino. Thoro aro others of us hero who havo come out of tho way, as I did, but not mauy shadowed by a cloud as black as mine." "What, was it, my 'boy?" asked John Armstrong, frutorually. "Oh, I've not boltod from tho law," Lawreuco said quickly. " I stand clear of that, I think. But it's tho suspicion, of wliioh I feel I shall never bo clear." " Sho suspected— believed 111 of you?" 4 4 God bless her — no. Sho deelured slio had faith in mo. But no one olso had. I couldn't ask her to marry mjc under a oloud, to tako my name with tho stuin on it. I came abroad to live it down, and tho ship in which I'd taken my passage was wrecked— you remembor tho disaster of the Columbia? I' was supposed to havo beon on hoard ; my nnmo was in the list of lost. But at the last minuto an uooidont had prevented my sailing. No one know at homo that J hiidnot sailed. Thoy all boliovn thut I wont down with tho Colnmba and the rest of her unlucky pas sengers and crew." "And she heliovos it, ton?" 44 She must, what else can she think? It is butter so. I decided not to write und tell her I was safo." " Shemuy bo grioving — mourning for you," suggested Armstrong. 44 For a time— yes. But it is bst as it is — for hur. She ig young ; tho thought of me and my trouble would be a moro lusting oloud on her bright girlhood than tho thought of my death. I would never have married her unless I could give hor a stainless name. Sho will bo happier, not knowing. . Sho believed mo innocent — that is my comfort. Lot hor beliovo mo dead, for her own peace," 44 It's a nud state of things.' mused Arm strong. 44 And what— what was the— "he hesitated for a time— 44tlio trouble," he fiuished. They called it murder — an ugly word, isn't it P Bnt .whatever it was, I had no hand in it. If any man killed Philip Strotton, it was not I!" 4 4 Philip Strotton !" John Armstrong started. His back was to the light, so Lawrence could not seo how his healthy colour paled. 4 4 Yes, you remember the oase, I seo ? I own it did look black against me. He was my cousin, and I. his heir— though it would have been the other way round, ho would have been my heir, and I should have stood in his shoes, it my grandfather, had not made an unfair will. I had been imprudent— I was iu a little difficulty — qnd I was foolish enough to ask Philip for a loan, only an ad- vanco for three months. He skid things that cut me. There was a soreness between us, I own, hut I would never have injured a hair of his head. You remember, perhaps, how I was arrested, remanded — all the miserablo story ? There was not evidence enough against me to sond the case for trial, but there was enough to make people believe me guilty — to make mo feel a pariah and an outcast — to muke mu cast aside my father's name as a tarnished and uncleun Thing — to drive me into exile here, as a dead mau, dead to his own land and his own people." Ife'sa sad business," said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky. "Ireracmber hearing of it." A pauso; then ho udded: "But, Lawrence, I say, old ohura, aren't you per haps a bit over-sensitive about people — suspeoting you ?" " Over-sensitive ! "When I've seen women turn aside to avoid recognising me — when the very children have started at mc as if I were a wild beast ! But there, talking of it can't mend matters." He filled his glass hastily ; hishand shook as ho raised it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimming gloss stood untouched by his side. Anothor knock at the door, nnd the entrance of a second visitor— this time a genial and somewhat boisterous one, to wish the compli ments of thu .season, interrupted the conver sation, rather to the relief of both Armstrong and Lawreuce, und it was much to the host's reliof when both his visitors departed. Left alono at last, he stood by the window deep iu troubled thought, staring out across tho rough sandy road with eyes that could not see. "I never dreamt of this," he said to him self, his lips framing the words without sound, as men who havo lived muoh alone often get the habit of communing with them selves. "This comes of shirking, or trying to shirk. One can't shirk a thing— it will follow one. If it wore not for Helon, now. It's plain enough — the thing to do. It stares me iu the face. But' Helen, who trusts me. I must think of her first. Yet that boy. He's been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name. Can I marry my girl with a stained con science ? His girl in England stuck to him. Maybe mine would -stick to mo. Would she, though? It's uu ugly story to toll her. Still, if she's got grit enough to stand it ? She doesn't look like one. that, would weaken and wilt away from a man because of eomo- tbing in his post— .though it does look rather a black business. I'll see. I'll sound her. God forgive me ! I'm a coward where she's concerned. I seo the' right thing plain enough. But I can't— I can'L No, she's my all ! I can risk the losing her !" Helon was sauntering in the orange-grove in the moonlight alone. Sho was glad to bo alone, for somehow this Christmas Eve she was haunted by memories of that other Christmas with Walter fonr years ugo ! Thut pust was dead and buried, hut its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of u poem she had once heard recited kept runnuig in her head 44 Pray for the ono beloved, wherever he may be, In tho hush of the Christmas midnight he will appear to tliee!" How still the night was ! Grove and wood and lake seemed to be sleepiug in silence. The moonbeams bathed the fair landscape in u silver sea of light, yet left un- penetrated the dusky mysteries of shadow in the deeps of 44 tho dark browed trees." She thought of that " white winter " in England, and the ghost of tho buried past walked in the southern moonlight. Was anything else stirring, too? Was thut u step ? Did a shadow move ? Could it be Joliu ? But John never came thut way through the grove. If it should be a tramp, und she so far from the houBe ? The moviug shadow gathered shape and substance, stepped out from the darkness of tho bordering trees, and tho moonlight fell full upon his face. Helon. stopped with a start. Who— wha t — was it ? The moonlight was well-nigh bright as day. Tho fuce, the figuro that stood out clear in those pure uudazzling beams, the very gesture with which the raau paused at sight of her, all had heeu familiar to her once ! Was it a ghost ? Wore tho lines that had been ringing in her mind prophetic ? 41 Iu the hush of the Christmas midnight he will appear to thoe." Ho, too, had paused at sight of the girl's slim white-robed figure : he started as one thunder stricken as ho looked upon her face, palo und pure iu tho colourless blazo of the semi-tropical moonlight, for while she stared, dumb with doubt und amazement, on the dead alive, ho looked ou the living, lost to him, whom he had deemed five thousand miles away! Ho was the first to find his voice. ' 'Helen, Ilolen? You— here !" He stretched out bis hand ; it was warm with life as it touched hers, strong with living human strength us it clusped her cold and trembling fingers. "Wultor, Walter! Are you alive? I thought — I heard — oh, we have all mourned you as dead." John Armstrong, bearing tho ohosen bracelet that was to bo his Christmas gift, was on his way to goo his beloved, but not with tho quiok, assured stop of tho happy lover. He lagged and took tho longest way. He might have said, if ho had beon given to quoting Shakespeare, 44 Oh, full of scorpions is my mind." They bit nnfl stung, those snakes and tempted to silence, promptod him with subtle sophistries 44 for Helen's sake." Was not his first duty to spare her pain? Yet he knew that if ho yielded to the tempta tion, ho should feel himself to tho last day of his lifo a dcspioublo sinner. Ear till this day he lmd not rculised what ho had done, but now, if he kept silenco still, ho would bo sin ning with his oyos open. Still could he dare trust Helen with the truth, at the risk of seeing her shrink from him, turn cold to him, perhaps take herself out of his life. On tho othor hand, it was possible that she might not fail him ! Sho might provo herself brave and loyal in tho crucial hour. He felt ho did not know Helon thoroughly. She was a sweot rose, 44 sot with little wilful thorns." Ho could not tell how far hor pretty littlo waywardness and girlish caprices wore moro ripples on tho surface, what depths of lovo and faith und eourago might not lie in tho dopths beneath. While Bho sauntored on slowly, deep in thought, his footfall soundless on tho loose, windy soil, he hoard u voice on tho other sido of the sleu'dor fringe of trees that bordorcd tho grove. Not Holon's voice, he had nover heard thnt tone in it. And yet , it was liko hers— that voico with tho tender thrill, tho throh and pule© of living passion, of- which ho had hover known it capable. "Walter— Walter after all these yoara !" 44 My darling, my darling!" murmurod tho man's voice, shaken and husky, but Lawrence's voice. John Armstrong - made a noiseless stop forward, looked out of the shadow which concealed him ' from their view, and saw Helen, his bride-elect, dinging to Lawrence, his arm round her, her. face uplifted in the moonlight to his. For tho moment thoy had forgotten all tiie world but ouch othor. She had forgotten John, nnd ho tho stain upon his name, the cause of his exile. She was first to remember tho barrier. 44 Oh, Walter, no— no ! Let me go! I must tell you — I am not free !" 44 Is it you, then— you who wore engaged to Armstrong ?" 44 Yes. Ho is the best and truest of men," with a sob in hor voico. " Walter, now that we have mot, it can only bo to part." John Armstrong heard no more. Had he not hcon standing there us if strioken to stone, paralysed;' he would not have heard ho much, fie turned with a gropiug. staggering ges- tnro, liko a man reeling blinded, beneath a stunning blow, yet careful that no sound of his going should startle them na ho went, and loft them thoro together. The moonlight- flooded landscape was blnok to him ; ho seemed to bo poping his way through great dark ness, his face sot from the houso towards which his steps had hoen bent. How could ho face Helen now ? It was Helen whom he had wronged ; it was Helen whom he had robbed of her love, nlboit all unwittingly. He had thought of Lawrence's unnamed love as far off, in tho old country. But there was no far-awuy girl in England — it was'Helen, here I For her dear sake lio had thought of keep ing the rilcnce that', would havo sealed tho sentence of exile from home and love on Lawrenco— and Lawrenco was the man she loved. Yet she would keep her faith with him. She had said it herself ! And Lawrence would not claim her so long as the stain of suspected crime olnng to his name. John Armstrong saw that he could hold her still ! It was Christmas Day ; tho sun shone on the evergreen pines ana the glossy foliage of the orange trees aud their golden fruit, and sky and lake were one monotone of radiant azure. John and Helon were walking iu tho grove, und both were taciturn and ill-at- eusc. 44 Helen, my girl," he said breakiug a long silence as they drew near the spot whore she and Walter had met last night, 14 1 had been thinking what I could got you for a Christmas present, wondering what would please you best. And I found out, last night." 44 Last night? But you didn't come last night?" "Yes, I came, Helen. I came. I came this way," pointing to the border of trees, "and I was hero. I saw— I heard." Helen started, and the colour rushed to her face, then ebbing, left it deadly pale. But though she was dismayed, she did not blench. She was too proud to quail as guilt might quail. Rather, there whs oven a touch of reproach in her tone as she answered, "You wero here, John? You heard?" 14 By accident." His brown cheek flushed now. 44 1 heard only a few words. I hurried away. You aon't think that I'd play eavesdropper on purpose, Helen?" 44 No, no, John! ;Butif you heard any thing, I wish you had heard all ! You would have understood that I— I was startled, taken by surprise. I had nover dreamt that ho, Walter, wus living, when I — whon you — " she hesitated painfully, yet not as one abashed or ashamed— then added, 4 4 never until last night!" 44 £ know, I kuow'/'my brave true-hearted girl!" he said. "You're not to blame— you've been straight and square." 44 And ho," she interposed, hastily. 44 And ho too," John Armstrong rejoined, "lie did not know. Nor I, Helen, do me justice, too ! I did not know thut the man I chummed with at Ocala, whom I know as Lawreuce, was Walter Strotton." 44 Walter Lawrence Stretton," she ex plained. 44 Yes, I kuow, he has told me, it is his second name," he said, wincing a little at her eagerness to explain on his behalf. 44 But I did not know that Walter Stretton was the name of the man you oared for ! We none of us knew. It's. boon a ohapter' of mistakes all round. Bnt how-how I seo what I can five you, Helen ! J can give you your free- ora." ( 44 John, no— you are too good!" she pro tested with remorseful tendorness— what is to a man the torrible ' frank tenderness of the womun who does not love him !" "No, not that!" he said, recoiling. from the word 44 good" on her lips. 44 Wait- wait. Helen ! till you've heard all. I give you back your freedom nud something more ! I give into your hand the means of clearing Walter Stretton's name. Philip Stretton's death was no murder! I ought to know, because— because the accident— it was an accident! was brought about by rao !" 44 You, John! Oh, John, are you mad ?" she fell hack from him with doubt, fear, horror, in her eyes. ; 44 No. I'm not mad, unless it's madness to toll you the truth. It- wub my hand caused Philip Stretton's death." ""Yours? Then, who, what— uro you ?" 44 What I've always beon, to you aud all tho world, plain John Armstrong !" 4 4 You wore there, at Holborough at the time? But — how was that? and what had you to do with Philip Stretton ? We never know anything about you." 44 No, You never knew me nor my sister, my . poor little sister Lizzie. But Philip Stretton knew her ; I dare suy he didn't talk of her to you. Wo weren't of your set, you see. You always knew I nevor concealed from you that I hadn't moved in tho same class you'd been accustomed to mix with. You knew that, and wero willing to accept it." 44 Yes ! You were yourself to mo." 44 That's how it is wo never mot at Hol borough. I was only there now and then for n time, and wo moved in different orbits. My sister wub as good a girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a pretty little palo thing, fond of books and poetry. Philip Stretton didn't meau anything by his attention to her— porhaps no harm, perhaps no good. I didn't ohooso that he should amuse himself makinga plaything of her heart. Wo mot on that lonely road: I epoko to him — he took the high und mighty tone with me, und told me to mind my own business. Well, it's no story for your ears, Helen, hut you can guess how words run high"l)etweeu us. As I live, I'd no intent nor thought of serious injury to life or limb when I struck him. But I was strong, and I suppose in my angor I hit harder than I meant. It was just by evil olianco that he fell with his temple on a sharp stono. If I'd lot him lie as ho fell, it would havo been plain enough how it happened. But in my horror -and dismay I lifted him up, and moved him, trying to recall nim to life.' It never ocourred to me, I was so stunned, thut the atone left lying there would have been supposed to nave been used as a weapon, sttU less that young Walter Strotton would be suBpeotod." 44 Why did you not como forward and tell the truth ?" "Because, I own it to you, Helen, I was a coward— for iuy sister's sake more than for my own 1 It would havo killed Lizzio to have had 'my unmo couplod with his death, and hor name dragged in and compromised, as it must havo been. I thought to save my sister's good name and poaoo of mind. It was not until I was far awuy that I heard how Wulter Strotton had been arrested and discharged for want of evidenco. I thought the mutter ended there —wus no more concern of mine. But' I see now, u man's deed is a matter of his life for ever— bo can never get away from it 1 " 44 And — your sister?" broathed Helen 4 4 Sho died! I took this silence on my conscience for her sake, in vain. I seo now that it was aorirao. But I didn't know — boliove me, Holon, I novor know how Walter Stretton had suffered from it. And I didn't know it was your heart I wus nearly break ing ! Bnt now it's not too luto to atone to you botb. You wero his, first. I givo you ouok to him ! I'll give yon a written state ment telling exactly how Philip Stretton's death came about, if that's not enough, I'll go back to England and mako my declaration thero." 44 It is enough 1 it shall be enough! You shall not go back to run the smallest risk ! Oh, John, I cannot accept this suorifico from you!" But yet iu hor licur she kaow9 and he know, that the sacrifioe was already accepted. Whou Wultor Strotton' came, obeying a message from ArrdBtrong, to Weston'B Grovo, ho found John and Helen hand looked in hand, and it was hard to say whioh was the paler in this parting hour. John turned and put Hclen'b hand in Walter's. 44 Sho has a. great deal to toll you, Law- renee," ho said,' and his strong voice shook a little. 44 I'll leave you together." Tears wore in Holon'fr. eyes, but John Ajmntrong' smiled, for the heart throb of sacrifice is a pain that ntings like joy. He turned away and left them— together. 