PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, 2utl NOVBMBBII. X-hc Speaker took tlie.Olmlr nt -1.110 p.m. VICTORIAN TOBACCO INDUSTRY. Mr. SADMOX, ou Uic 'motion for ffO'lug into eoimnlttee of Buiqtly, took occasion to call attention -to the falliiTo of tlie hu?t to- I'jat-co sblpmcjil. The flrat exi)eri-me»t in the way of allippllie tobacco to 1-hn I -nil lian ni-i kct was a ghastly falinre, ami -the result of the second shipment was described in the remarks of -tlje Domlon correspondent of ""The Age," published on Wednesday last, ivlilch showed 'that the tobacco was valued at from JJd. to -Id. per lb., and that It Was Interior to -tlie worst kind of tobacco placed on the London 'market. It bud been said that -tlie V-ietorhm growers were not being treated fairly by the ioeai niautjtaeturers, Unit -they could -not expect inuoli npprceiatlon for native grown tobacco by local consumers When (Its quality was so deplorable. The growers deserved every sympathy, for not only had -they not been properly Instructed In tho proper method of handling and curing tobacco, hut an excise duty had been Im posed which compelled Melbourne tuauqfae- tutors to give preference to Imported -leaf. Tlio itobaccb -trade was -in o bad state nil round, and -that was entirely duo to -the nctlo.11 of the present Ministry. The MINISTER of AGIUUULTU-RE snld that the first shipment realised 3)d., and the second Shipment was valued nt 4d., showing that V-|c!torIaii tobacco -was Improving. Local ly grown tobacco -was fetching a better price Sii 'the (Melbourne market than 1t d-lil former ly, and the Instruction given by the tobacco expert yets generally appreciated. Mr. KENNEDY: Can producers continue to grow tobacco on the results of the last shipment? The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE siiid Ibo was satisfied that Miey could. There .was a bonus of 3d. per 11). Mr. M'KENKIE: -But without the bonus? The -MINISTER of AGRICULTURE: The Government hoped to 'build up the tobacco ludustry by tlie bonus system just as the "utter industry bad been built up by It. (Hear, hear.) Blue mould rand bail seasons had, bmvtevpr. seriously I'lrterfcred with re cent operations. M-r. BOiySIOlt snld -tlie "tobacco growing Industry in VjetQrin suffered under two dis abilities, namely, the excise duty of 1/ per lb., and. the disease known as bluo mould, which -eoniet lines swept aivay an entire crop. The last shipment of tobacco wtis not stem med, and, halting that fact Into considera tion, tlhe price obtained was an advance on that realised by the stemmed tobacco ship ment of tho previous year. He believed tjie Industry woujd be built up under the bonus system, and ho agreed with Blie Minister that Mr. Bondiirnnt was « valuable sen-ant. Mr. R.- M. -SMITH objected to tills -nviser- fcble pettifogging system of Government in terference. All industries experienced -initial difficulties, which wore only to be overcome -by experience and not by State interference. The great weed Industry had boen built up (without tlhe -assistance of bonuses. Mr. T-RENIVITII felt satisfied that bad as the tobacco industry was to-day. It had cer tainly beon Improved by Government Inter ference. (Hear, hoar.) Tho Government should consider - the question of excise. 'He urged upon the Minister of Agriculture and the Minister of Customs to consider if i't were not possible to introduce quickly n shout measure to alter Che excise duty in the Interests of tlie grower, the manufacturer and 'tlie trade generally. I't seemed absurd and utterly Illogical to pay 3(1. to the people who used Victorian tobacco somewhere else land -to Charge 3d, mi'oro -fo our own people to prevent 'them from using It. Mr. M'KENZIE observed that if the Go vernment were 'to bring forward a proposal In the matter there would be vorv lltitle op position in the Chnimbei. Mr. ' Chalmers, who bad bought' a previous ffliJpmont in Don- don, and who was an expert, said 'that lie had made certain rocommondntlons and Hint they were studiously ignored, Who ignored them? If the industry were suffering through not having the best possible Instruc tor here, then ft was the duty of tho Govern ment to gift the best man, and give the in dustry a chance. Mr. E. D. WjLLlAMS favored the reduc tion -of the excise du'ty to Cd, Mr. J. HARRIS remarked that, although he generally saw eye to eye with. -the mem ber for Hawthorn In regard to tariff mntters, lie mpst confess Chat the bonus system as applied to -the export of butter, which was really a system of protection, had largely de veloped the rural resources of the colony. Mr. GILLIES observed -that there was a great difference between men who had knowledge and men who could communicate knowledge. If wc could get n man who could communicate a great amount of knowledge he wophi be of great .-ulva'qtugo to the co lony, far in that en«e there would he a great future before' the' wluoairrt tobaecotndustfies ' H chart no doubt they could got au excellent price in London if they turned out an excel lent art-lclq-rnt present the supply was in adequate. Producers of wine oould uever command a satisfactory market In 'London an long as the out-put was only a few. nilsor- qb|e hogsheads, Mr. GARTER said, that although Cqba ami .Jamaica wore almost in sight of oqe another, Cuba produced the finest tobacco in the world while, the (finme, plant. If taken across to Jamaica, produced an article of greatly inferior flavor. Some areas were naturally adapted for producing certain nr, ticles, anfi the thing for the Victorian Gov ernment to pnd otit was whether the right conditions existed In this colony. To en courage people to plnn't tobacco indlscrimi-n- qtply was a waste of time, Inquiries should 1?e -mode npd experts introduced to find out where the tobacco ishoiild bo grown. MP, MAPPEN sold It might not be possi ble to grow the finest brands locally, but what they wanted to know was how to grow to'hnoeo that would sell at, say, 1/ n ill! He believed 'that was tlie price paid in America. With regard to whie growing, tJiey bail be, grip at the wrong end suid. would have to nboFrih a great dria 1 of what had been done. The Government sliouid encourage men to keep npa-rit the two industries of growing grapes and making wine Mr. MALON13Y would' lie pleased to sup port a proposal to reduce tlie excise duty on toliaeeo f.ram Pd. 'to fid. per lb, The duty on the Imported article might be raised even higher tli'an it wn-s nt present. It was n pity the Government had not made a State monopoly of tobacco, as If it had done' so tlie monopoly would hnve produced £000,000 or £700,000 a year. Mr. LEVIEN said tlioir export business in tobacco had not been very satisfactory, but they should pot be discouraged In conse quence, It would not be opportune now to disturb -the excise dut.v. Mr. .1. A. ISAACS thought the Increased excise duty seriously retarded tlie progress of the industry. The -duty should be abolish ed or materially reduced fontjiwith, Mr. CRAVEN was (Satisfied tlrn-t the linok- wni'dncss of the Industry was duo tn the operations of monopolists in Melbourne. At one -time there was a very good market for the tobacco loaf here, but pew the buyers were able to do just as tliey liked. lie would (support a reduction of tlie excise duty. Mr, M'LRAN agreed that the duty should be immediately reduced. The motion for going into committee of supply was negatived, FACTORIES ACTS FURTHER AMEND MENT BILL. The Factories and Shops Acts Further 'Amendment Bill was further considered in committee, On clause 1, "Short title nnd construc tion," Mr. R. M. SMITH failed to understand why the Uhlef Secretary resisted the demand for an inquiry. When the measure reached another plnce tlie inquiry would certainly be lnsi'sted upon. He was opposed to the L main principle of the bill, for ho believed » that the minimum wage wins simply a de- I lesion. It was shown by the Ohief Inspoq- I tor's report that the principle absolutely I necessitated that a mail" should either per, I Jure himself or starve. That in itself was sufficient to coudemu it. He contended that the report 'of the Chief Inspector of Factories showed the absolute weceisstty for nq, authoritative Inquiry, nnd be moved up amendment 1n favor of pri' in- quiry being held. Mr. TREXWITH sq|d tha't the argument B that 'there should be an Inquiry was one of the means that was being adopted for frus- lratlug legislation on this head- There had heon n great many Inquiries. The lion, meiu- her for Hawthorn had shown by his speech that he had made an inquiry. H Mr. BROWN: A one-sided ope. iir. TRENWITH: The ben. member for H Hawthorn would, no doubt, try to ascertain H the facts of -the ease from both sides. Mini- H uuiin wage, or no minimum wage, the o'.t\ pnd inferior worknipn had -to suffer. But there | vas this In the minimum wage — -the old and Inferior worker could not be used as a leve-r cod ace the wages of tho more competent, picar, bear.) The statement Hurt tlie espm't Bttado would he affected" hy the measure anil '"1 minimum wage was a w|ieeze -that was centuries old. He regretted that second reading speeches should be delivered at the I ,e?'nm'!l'ee stage, for the principle of tiie hill luid been adopted, and nil -that now re- malncd for consideration was as to whether t!>« machinery of the bill was calculated to give effect to it. H The CHIEF SECRETARY said the amend. tnenl. If carried, would not only mean that ihc legislation , now under consideration b'riuld bo Indefi n itely postponed, but It would nalso nieau tho loss of the legislation now the statute book. This demand for nil hail never been men'tloued by mem- Wers of I'ariiamcut until the previous even- ing. It had never been urged by deputa tions that had waited upon himself. The Lhiinvhei of Manu'firetiii'es, sonic two months hc-fui-u i.ue present session, hud waited upon ill-ill wltii a request for nil inquiry, nnd the president of 'the chamber had sirbsequeutly made a complaint against tho Government of discourtesy In not acknowledging tlhe re- 411,0 Glilcf Secretar') had re plied that the icjuest Ihad never reached the Government, lint tlie charge of discourtesy iiitu pot been withdrawn. Ho had given a elial-.eiigc to -tlie chamber to prove that they represented tlie niami'fnettirers of tlie co lony. . w-nit"' IRVINE: What evidence do yon The OHIEF (SECRETARY said he wanted o\ Mciuro t.hn t they represen'teU ifhe people tncy claiiutHl )to rcinetient. 'Plie great body of Uic manufacturers, while not liking too miteii factory lcglshitlou, had uot supported, ami did net suivport, .the view of the chain, her When It said this legislation had done uarm, J he request for an Inquiry win a ro- quost for delay. (Hear, hear.) It came hi some instances from 'those who were opposed to factory legislation. ilr. MADDEN said It seemed blnut some ui embers objoeted to uuy light being thrown upon the question. Xtr. OOOK: Tfie second reading was let MADDEN: The second reading was let go Ui rough a. conspiracy of silence on Lbe lion, member's side of the Douse. Thcr-e b-n!nl-8.nV?r.,S0 b,"Sy 4,1 'bh lO'tedtiOIllts' fro T i f'W llad "btv'tlme to convince Ulie tbat 110 Inquiry was needetl. Mr. WILKJNS: I don't say we could con vince .von. (Laughter.) ' L? m',?IA?DI3N s,nid 1:1,0 f101 had been passed hL > , swcaUng, and I't did not seem to have done 'that. w Mr. RAWSON said 'hon. members must be Inff fuct 1:11,1 1 t-iie Chief Secre- ta Ll bvr/he 1 ' nnsw01- a shijflo point ra m i member for Hawthorn. . " aPPro-ye of high protective duties, li dnaSnc v0,rf;li'!y 1,1,11 1 "P the splendid ? ? of Victoria.. In the Interests of sbmiM 1 ? J1110 donmud for an Inquiry siiotud do granted. , T ursL'd» 'that -wliile supporters of KU ,, were not frightened of un inquiry ,ooro fl,dl jusHficrl In .refusing it on mrom.'. ,er?"nds' No large demand for tlie ! hail been miade. The cry was voiced b> a body alleged to.be representative of the liianii'factiiring Interests of 'the colony, but th Chief Secretary bad shown Mint, the In stitution in question -refused to respond- to nn .Invitation to provo its bona flties in that direction. A great many members of the Ulinmber of Xiiuiuaactures ivere not uinnu- facturers pure and. simple. It was freely reported that many of tbom were only In directly associated with manufactures, and. that some of them were not master uion at all. Tha't being so, the House had to decide whether there was not sufficient evidence at i'ta command now to enable it to determine tlie success or nou- siiceess of the existing factory legislation. . In tho first place they had (tlie report of the chief inspector, and although thp Chamber, of Manufactures as sorted -that it avas contradictory, its o.wu con clusions were equally Inconsistent. It was difficult to understand tlie" political economy of the association. The aeon-racy of the state ment that the act had Increased wages was denied, while In the same breath it was asserted that the cost of production had been largely ilnereased. Ho had -thought that tlie ghost of tlie old and slow worker had boon la'ld, because of the -admirable administration of 'the act. XIr, -CARTER observed (tlia't as the colo-. nies were on the eve of federation and Inter colonial free-trade the colony that had the most severe factory legislation -would neces sarily be nt « disadvantage. The opera tion of the present low might he ex-tended for 12 -months,- or to any time which would gl-ve 'this and other colonies an opportunity of coming to some general agreement tha't won-hl -have a 'lionclU- lul offcot on ail 1lho colo nies, nnd by virtue of which Victoria would be able to retain some of her factories. He was prepared to make a statutory declara tion that, to 'tlie best of Ills knowledge and belief, -were It net for the Factories -Act and the .minimum wage there would uot be an unemployed person looking for work lu Vic toria to-day. Mr. BENNETT urged the Government to adopt the suggestion of tlie member for Xlc-lhpurnc. There were, two classes of m-nmifaeturere in the colony". "One class paid goad wages and was in favor of the preserit act, hut at the same time found that scmie of the regulations pressed heavily upon tlhcm, and operated to many cases to the advantage of the sweater, He 'had up sympathy with the statements of tlie Cham ber of Manufactures. XIany of tlie mem bers of 'tha't -body were not manufacturers, and did not voice the sentiments of maaiu- faeturers. He did not suppose that It would be denied that 'there were men who took an active part In that organisation who wtre well known to the employes as sweat ers. He was 41 'Scotchman, and lie did not say that (he paid tiie highest wages— (laugh- tcr)—' but lie paid a fair wage, and had to compete against men who did not ipay hnif as 11111011. XIr. It. XI. SMITH Said ho would be pleas ed,, to, accept, tlio - suggestion. of the member for Melbourne that the present act should be continued until the expiry of tho first ses-- slot) of the next Parliament. Then, if nn in quiry were decided upon, members could rest satisfied that some factory legislation was In existence. XL', ANPJ3RSON hoped that the, proposed legislation would not be put in force until after a fall Inquiry. Mr. lRVKfe said that if the Chief Secre tary would he content to have passed, the machinery Clauses of the bin and not to per, severe with 'Uho new provisions, then there would be 110 need to go farther with this amendment. There could bp no harm in pass ing the machinery clauses. XIr. T. SMITH regretted .fihait the Chief Secretary refused tho demand for nn In quiry when |t was first .put forward." It was certain 'that 'there would be some In quiry before t|ie bill got through1 both IJoqses.- XIr, GAIR sympathised with tlie -provi sion's of the original act, hut was pot en, 'tirriy in accord with 'the 'bill before tlie House. Ho favored tlie suggestion made by the -lion, member for Ilniythorp, -flint -tlie existing -law should be continued until the end of next session, and that an inquiry should lie hold In tlie -lpeajititaie. XIr, -GRAY considered it singular that the damn-mi for nil Inquiry had uot been tnnde until into In -Uho day. XIr. It. XI. SX1ITH remarked that 'It would be understood if tlie amendment for con tinuing tlio present net were carried that the House was in fnvnr of 1111 inquiry. XIr. TIIKNWITH expressed regret ' that this course was being pursued, it seemed to him that the principle of the Factories Aot lind boon repeatedly afilrmod by rnrlin- ineut and tlie country, nnd tlmt those who were demanding this Inquiry were largely ployed hy a desire to prevent: nn extension of the not. The first effort made was to shelve tlie matter in such a wny that tlie act would lapse," The amendment now sub mitted would havo tlio offoct of continuing the present act in Its incomplete forpi. To sa.v -tha't an Inquiry ivns wanted ivns merely a subterfuge. XIr. CARTER protested ngninst the mem ber for Richmond saying that lion, members were endeavoring to shelve I be question, or were taking advantage of a subterfuge. Progress was reported. . ADJOURNMENT. At 11.5 p.m. tlie House adjourned till Tues day, 14th November. 