GENERAL NEWS. DANCE TO MR AND MRS ROSSI.—Mr. and Mrs Rossi, who are leaving Mount Barker for North Adelaide, where Mr. Rossi has secured the appointment of postmaster, will be entertained at a farewell dance in the Mount Barker Institute-hall this evening. It is expected that a large number of friends will avail themselves of the opportunity of saying good-bye to the departing residents. Strathalbyn Show.—The annual show of the Strathalbyn Agricultural and Horti cultural Soliety will be held on Thursday next, and if present expectations are realized the exhibition will be the best on record. The hard-working young secretaries and the excellent committee are sparing no effort to secure snch a result, and it is fairly safe to assume that after such harsh treatment last year Sir Charles Todd will not have the heart to provide anything bnt the best spring weather available. Special trains will run from Adelaide and the South, and all the townships along the line are sure to be well represented. Entries for the livestock and poultry close on Monday next. The Late Mr. T. Williams.—Mr. Thomas Williams, manager of the Moorak Estate, Mount Gambier, whose death on Thursday evening of last week caused general regret in the South-East, was well known in the Mount Barker district, where he resided in the fifties. He was born at Swansea, South Wales, 62 years ago and came to the colony as a boy, arriving with his mother in the Charlotte Jane in January of 1852. His father, who preceded the family to South Australia, had settled at Mount Barker, and here the late Mr. Williams lived for 12 years, afterwards removing to Mount Gambier, where he secured the appointment as manager of the Moorak Estate, a position he held for 35 years. The deceased's second wife was a daughter of Mrs. Macfarlan, of the Adelaide- road, Mount Barker. The funeral, which took place at Mount Gambier on Saturday afternoon, was very largely attended. Leaving the Meadows.—General regret has been expressed by the residents of the Meadows at the removal to Mount Pleasant of Mr. W. Ham, who has been in change of the local school for the past five years and has during that term gained for himself great popularity both with the parents and scholars. . -On Thursday evening, 21st inst., Mr. and Mrs. Ham were entertained at a farewell social in the Oddfellows'-hall, there being a large attendance. Mr. Brooks, who presided, spoke in high terms of the depart ing gentleman and his wife, and on behalf of the residents presented Mr. Ham with an illuminated address, while Mrs. Ham was made the! recipient. of a. silver cake-stand from the ladies, Mr. C. Nottage handing over the gift'. . Messrs. J.. Catt and G. Ellis also joined''in? wishing the guests happiness in. their new Borne, and Mr. Ham made a suit able response.. Songs were rendered at intervals 'during the evening, which was spent most pleasantl y. Mr. Ham will be succeeded at the Meadows School by Mr. D. D. Murpby, of Beachport. Suicide at Stirling East.—On Friday morning Mrs. Teresa Mosel, wife of Mr. J. F. Mosel, of Stirling East, was found drowned in her son's dam, about a mile from her residence. Mrs. Mosel, who was 66 years of age, had not enjoyed good health for some time past, and a few months ago she and her husband went to Germany for a trip. Since returning she appeared to have considerably benefited, until the last few weeks, when the old symptoms returned with increased force. On Thursday night she and her husband retired to bed as usual, and on Mr. Mosel awaking in the morning he found his wife had dressed and left the house. He then went to his son's residence, where he found she had left her hat at the back door. His daughter-in-law accompanied him to the dam, where the body was found. The dam, which was 11ft, deep, was well fenced with pig wire; and the deceased must have climbed over to reach the water. On Saturday an inquest was held by Dr. MacLachlan, when the jury returned the following verdict:—" That Mrs. Teresa Matilda Mosel came to her death by drown- ing herself in a dam whilst in a state of temporary insanity." The jurymen placed on record their deep sympathy with the husband and family in their bereavement. ENTERTAINMENT AT YUNKUNGA .—The Wistow cricketers' annual entertainment at Yunkunga, the residence of Mrs. Paterson. is always an enjoyable affair, and last Friday evening's gathering was well up to the mark in all. respects. There was a good attendance in spite of the boisterous weather, and when the last of the merry-makers dispersed at 3.30 o'clock on the following morning the opinion was expressed all round that they had had a really good time of it. The first half of the program consisted of a nigger circle by Mount Barker friends, with Mr. D. A. Milne as Tambo, Mr. C. E. Taylor as Bones, Mr. J. M. Edgar .as interlocutor, and Mr. T. E. Houlson as pianist, and the songs and choruses, interspersed wilh jokes (fresh and exhumed), -found general favor. In addition to the warbles,of the cornermen those responsible for the vocalisms were "Messrs. E. Cameron, F. Bertram, W. G. Ross, A. Cameron, F.. W. Ninham, and Edgar, the comic songs of the last-named being greatly enjoyed: With the exception of well-rendered recitations by Mr. A. E. Leaney (who presided in the second, half) and Mr. A. H. Monks, a song by Mr. C. H. Atkinson, and more funny ditties by Mr. Edgar, the second portion of the program was carried out by local talent. Miss Calaby played an overture and sang with much expression; Miss Nettie Hender's song was loudly applauded ; and the brothers Paterson contributed songs from behind a Guy Fawkes mask; while Mr. H. Hart enhanced the reputation as a vocalist - which he had gained by matutinal milk-cart serenades by a masterly rendering of a pathetic sailor song, a roof-raising encore following. Before the audience adjourned - to supper Mr. J. Slavin moved a hearty vote of thanks to the Mount Barker friends who had con- tributed so largely to the success of the entertainment, Mr. Milne replying. After a capital spread had been enjoyed, a return, was mad to the hall, where dancing was kept up merrily until an early hour. West Australia's Financial Posi- tion.—Premier Sir John Forrest delivered his Budget Speech in the West Australian Assembly on Tuesday night. He said- the population of the colony reached 173,407 iii August, 189S, then declined to 166,590 in March, 1899. Since then the figures had gradually increased to. 170,069 in August this year.' . The revenue received last year wias : £2,478,811 and -the expenditure £2,539,357. They began the year with a deficit of £186,803. which had risen by the close. to £247,349. — This had . now been reduced to £160,000, and he expected to wipe off another £40.000 in September. Nearly three-quarters of a million less was spent during the year than in 1897-S. The loan expenditure was £1,023,943, against £1,894,962 in the previous year. The imports to December 31 were valued at £5,241,965 and the exports at £4,960,006. Gold was exported to the value of £3,990,698. For the last six months the imports were £2,143,421 and the exports £3,131,604. During the financial year 1283 free farms, embracing 19f»,756 acres, were taken up, and the Agricultural Bank had advanced £71,525 against improvements valued at £150,000. He assured the House that the institution would soon he self supporting. At the end of June deposits in the Savings Bank amounted to £1,110,178, and during the year the Government paid £29,818 in interest to depositors. In 1S97-8 £691,094 left the colony in money orders, whereas in 1898-9 the sum was only £430,80S. The Mint had already coined £294,250, and the output was at the rate of two millions a year. The railway revenue last year was £1,018,000 and the expenditure £749,000. The lines paid 4 percent, profit ou the capital invested in them after paying working expenses. He estimated that the railway revenue for the current year would he £1,018,000 and the expenditure £750,000. The public debt on June 20 was £10,373,000, aud the sinking fund amounted to £310,000. He estimated that the revenue for the present year would be £2,795,480, £316,669 more than it was last year, and the expenditure £2,616,363. or £316,669 more than that of 1897-8. The new dividend tax was expected to yield £94,000. The total amount of gold found in the colony had reached a value of nearly 15 million pounds, and he set down the value of the yield for the current year at £4,900,000. Death of Mr. J. W. Cuthbertson.— On Sunday morning Mr. J. W. Cuthbertson, who for the past five years has been manager of the Onkaparinga Cheese Factory, died at his residence at North Woodside from typhoid fever. The illness was of short duration, the deceased having attended the recent Adelaide Show in the interests of his company, and the news of his death was a severe shock to the community, to which he will be a distinct loss, as, in addition to ably maintaining the reputation of the company which he represented and being looked upon as an authority on dairying matters, he took an intelligent and active interest in matters social and those relating to the welfare of the district. During his residence in Woodside he acquired a large circle of friends, whilst those who had any business relations with him always spoke of him in the highest terms. General sympathy is being expressed for the widow and family, there being seven small children. The funeral, which was conducted by the Rev. B. C. Matthews at Inverbrackie on Tuesday, was very largely attended, and the floral tributes were numerous. Mr. G. F. Osborn, the former manager of the Onka- paringa Factory and present proprietor of the Balhannah Factory, although the flush milk season is now coming on, has gener- ously offered to spend two days a week at the Woodside Factory until the directors make arrangements for a successor to Mr. Cuthbertson. Social and Literary Society.—The final meeting of the first session of the Mount Barker Young Men's Social and Literary Society was held in the Baptist schoolroom on Wednesday evening, when Mr. A. H. Stephenson presided over a large attendance of members, and friends. Prior to the meeting the members met and after - placing on record a motion of thanks to the officers for their services during the past" session decided that the secretary should write thanking the officers of the Baptist Church for the free use of the room and also that a small sum should be donated from.the funds of the society to compensate for the 011 used in lighting. ' The secretary (Mr. A. Ellis).presented a short report, showing that the society started with 12 membei3 and now had 29, while the average attendance at the 12 meetings held had been 17. Interest in. the proceedings had. been well maintained throughout, and complimentary reference was made to the series of lecturettes given by Mr. J. Priskon " Elementary Chemistry," the illustrative experiments having been most successful, while theinformation imparted was of a highly interesting character. The society have decided to go into recess for the summer months, but will meet again in March of next year, when it is likely that ladies^will be ad mitted as members. The -program fpr the evening consisted of songs; mutations, Ac., the following being -the contributors :-y Overture, Miss Barker.; 'songs, "Miss Lucy Stephenson and Messrs. B. Stephenson, Wvif.; Follett, and A. Ellis .;, musical selections, Messrs. W., A., and H. Woolmer : recitations, Messrs. It. A. Milne, B. Barker, H. Bennett, and B. Stephenson. A hearty vote of thanks to all who had helped in the sncce& ofthe evening's program was carried'by acclama tion, and the singing of the National Anthem, closed the meeting. Mission to the Aborigines.—Mr. D., Matthews, founder and director of the Maloga Mission Station, on the banks of the Murray in the Riverina. District of New South Wales, with the Misses Matthews, Mr. Matthews, jun., and two native girls, have held a series of meetings at Mount Barker to win sympathy for mission work among the aborigines of South Australia. Mr. Matthews and his wife , founded the New South Wales mission in 1874, and from a small beginning and in the face of great difficulties the work has progressed steadily until the station has become one of the most success- ful in the colonies. In addition to conserv- ing the interests of the natives of the mother colony the missionaries have toured Queens- land, Victoria, and the Southern part of South Australia and have worked hard to form new stations and to secure better pro- tection for the blacks. On Sunday afternoon Mr. Matthews, conducted a meeting in the institute-hall, while in the evening he preached in the Baptist Church and after- wards presided over another meeting in the institute. On each occasion the missionary referred to the work among the natives, showing that the Australian blacks were not so degraded as not to yield to better things and to become Christianized. On Monday evening the mission was concluded by a well- attended meeting in the Baptist Chnrch. In his address Mr. Matthews pointed out that in all there were over 200,000 aborig- ines scattered throughout the colonies, the proportion to each being as follows ;—West Australia, 100,000; Queensland, 75,000: Sonth Australia, 24,000 ; New South Wales, 7000 ; and Victoria, 450. The public sub- scriptions to the work of evangelizing these were at present very small, and the speaker urged upon his hearers the necessity of providing means for preaching the Gospel to them all. Miss Matthews also addressed the meeting on the work, and in closing she referred to the need of a training home on the station for those who were willing and waiting to go into preparation for the work, and as £130 would secure the erection and famishing of the home the missionaries were hopeful of soon receiving the required sum by donations from those interested in the extension of the work. During the evening, as well as at each of the previous services, the visitors sang appropriate selections in a highly creditable manner. The party left for Mannum on Tuesday morning, and it is satisfactory to know that as a result of their visit to South Australia Mr. and Mrs. Matthews have been enabled to at once open a mission at that township, where 55 natives are now assembled. The work will for a time be under the charge of Mrs, Matthews, assisted by Miss Cartwright, of the Maloga Mission Station.. A Haunted Yacht.—A ghost story is to hand from the Clyde in the shape of a nar- rative published by the Glasgow Weekly Mail, which has a steam yacht for its locale. A month or two ago, we read, the yacht in question was anchored in Rothesay Bay, when one of the hands was drowned at that cold eerie hour known as the " turn o' the tide." The skipper and auother man joined the yacht next day. Just a night or so after they joined the vessel they were startled by bearing seven distinct knocks in the fore castle. They looked out, examined the yacht, and, finding nothing to accountifor the weird sounds, were mystified. The knocking continued; then after a while it stopped, but from the sensational incident, for they were the only two persons on board, they sat up and wondered what the sounds - could hare been. A night or two afterwards two gentlemen were on board at the hour: when the rapping and rattling amongst the pots commenced, and one of them shonted ? over to where the skipper and engineer- were resting, " Were you knocking, captain ?" The yacht was ordered by its owner to sail 1 to the Kyles, where it is used every day by a >; gentleman and. his party. The two-men are left on board at night. The other night at 12.15 the knocking began, and, to their [ horror, the lid of a pot was flung at them ;; and struck the ladder between their beds. •' In the name of God, what are you ?" shrieked the captain. " Speak, 1 say 1 speak ! If you want anything make a sign." That instant the noises ceased. * The lid "of the pot, it is said, could not have fallen off, for it was on the pot when seen last. Next morning the sounds commenced at this self- ■ — same hour and lasted the usual time, till after 1 o'clock. The noises resembled a poker being hit on a grate ahd.thenothef;| fsf| sound of bare feet harrying along the deck;»€ | S § I overhead. There were no traces of rats on ' 'w! board. The two men, thinking that the " spook" might be concerned about some belongings, searched the yacht through and through, but came upon neither mon^ vnar ' . 4 anything else. The captain is said to be?ay.'i: ;'l ' < seaman of proved courage, a life abstains', a? t j. regular churchgoer when at home, and not! f'' superstitious. The Phylloxera Bill.—The proposed Phylloxera Act is giving rise to a good deal,, of discussion amongst local vinegrowers,!mosf of whom are very mnch opposed to some of. its clauses (writes our Langhorne's Creelc correspondent). For instance, clause 81 of part 5 says :—" All vineyards which in the opinion of the board have remained unfilled or uncultivated for a period of two years after the passing- of - this Act may he; destroyed." It is thought that if this Is'. :' allowed to pass ill its present form a great - 7 ' hardship will be done, to several of the. , ' ; vignerocs in this neighborhood. M Two of .the ; largest vineyards here have .. never - been f tilled for'many years. Mr. Frank-Potts has : f been in the habit of cutting a heavy crop of > grass bay from his for years, and yet in spite of this I doubt whether there is another j vineyard in'the colony which yields much /*'; J more than half the weight ; of grapes, per. - r acre. Of course this is due to the phenom- ' enal richness of the soil and the frequent i inundations which the vines receive front ' the overflow of.the Bremer. Iftheclause • is "allowed to pass in its present form Mr. . ! Potts will either have to submit to the risk I of his valnable vineyard bong destroyed by .. .; j the authority of an officious board or forego s his crop of hay, and by loosening the snrfacs ] of the ground render it liable to be wasbed \ { in holes by every flood that comes. Besides, i it is very questionable whether culti- , | vaHad vnnl/) nnh Snanoir +1ia /inalihr r%f " ! ration, would not impair the quality of the grapes in this case, for they are generally . too watery now, and it is hard to say what they would be like if the herbage were not allowed to draw so innch of the moisture out bf the gronnd. - Even if it is proved that iuitiUed ""^ • vineyards are morelihble to phyltoxerathan, those that are thoroughly cultivated there v;; '' would be no danger lh this instance, for it is ' generally believed that the insects" co'nld not. : live in the roots of vines which were under;' water for so long as these are every ytor.. i p Personally I believe that some clause is necessary for dealing with neglected vine- yards, bnt it should hie amended so as-to-; provide for exemptions from tilling in such . instances as the one mentiohed. It is probable that the members tor the. district will be asked to use their influence in the House to secure some amendments to the Bill. 