A Harvest of Gladness. BY FLORENCE HODGKINSON. CHAPTER XL—Continued. The first opening place was a quiet little town not far from Ramsgate and Margate, and possessing few of the qualities which have made both so beloved of trippers. Easton was dear little place, built in a bay, whence the old town still nestled; while new part had extended itself in two wings along the cliffs on either side. Elma wont down to look for some rooms, and found some in the very heart of the old town, in a straggling, low-pitched cottage, which bore the inscription, * Shakespeare Place, 1603,' making one wonder whether it had been built by a relation of the great dramatist. It was not the fashionable part of the town, and the Easton season had not thoroughly begun, so Elma get her three rooms for a pound a week, and was delighted with the rural aspect of the cottage, 8be explored the place, and found that the performances were to be given in a garden which belonged to an hotel proprietor. One entrance was in the quaint, straggling High Street, the other on the front. A wooden press arrangement, which looked like gigantic wardrobe, held the piano and sundry other necessary articles. This was shut and carefully locked between the performances. About two hundred chairs were ranged at intervals for people who liked to pay threepence for a seat, while those who stood or walked in the promenade beyond were expected to contribute when & collection was made at intervals during the performance. Elma hoped she would never be called on to collect. She gathered that their advent had been extensively advertised, and that the ' Wandering Minstrels' were expected quite eagerly as the first amusement of the season. Elma had promised her mother net to hurry back, but . to enjoy to the full her unwonted holiday; so, after the rooms were taken and a frugal lunch eaten, she strolled on the cliffs to make acquaintance with the little place which, at least for feome weeks, would be her home. She turned eastward first, and gazed with reverent admiration at the tall, gaunt house pointed out as the abode i of a departed novelist, one of whoso greatest works waq said to Lave been written at Easton. The house looked bare and deserted now. It was as though the empty reomB were haunted by ghosts of departed glory. Elma turned away with a sigh, walked onwards till at last the houses ended. She was out in the open couutry, and before her stretehed a vast expanse of sea, the only building in sight eastward being the lighthouse which guards the North Foreland. She sat down on the. grass. There was noc a soul in sight. The brakes and vaggonettes, which are a feature of Easton in the season, had not yet begun their annual course. Elma was as much alone as if she had been on a desert island, instead of within a mile of a fashionable watering-place. She sat loBt in thought, and forgetting the flight of time. She had never seen the sea since she left Ransgate with her mother the dav after there reunion. She believed Easton was within a walk of Ramsgate. She must go over one day and see the harbour, where she had landed after that stormy voyage. She must— Elma's reflections were suddenly interrupted. The bark of a dog fell on her ears, and, looking up, she saw a noble-looking black retriever watching her with friendly interest, while a little further off, a smile ef recognition on his face, stood her friend of that troubled voyage, the fellow-passenger who had been so good to her on board the ' Victory.' ' You cannot think how often I have wondered if we should meet again," he said gently, when they had shaken hands. ' May I sit down and aek if yen have had any more rough voyages lately ? He placed himself beside her, the dog lay down al their feet with a sigh of profound satisfaction. Kenneth Dene felt almost like a man in a dream. He had thought of this girl so often, pitied her so much, and now, when he least expected it, lie met her face to (ace, more beautiful than she bad been last year, and with happines3 shining in her soft brown eyes. ' I am very glad to see you,' she said frankly. ' I have often wished I could thank you for all your goodness to me that dreadful night.' * I did very little,' he answeredi ' It was a. terrible experience, but you proved yourself a splendid sailer.' ( I have never been on the sea since. went to London the next day.* * And now you are staying at Easton?' Not yet. I am coming on Friday. I only "ran dewn to-day to look for apartments.' * It is a dear little place.* ' Are yon staying here I' asked Elma, hoping he would auBwer ' no.' She did not know his name, but she felt sure he came of a family far too grand to recognise 'one of the 'Wandering Minsterls* as an equal. ( I am at Ramsgate with a relation who is not in good health,' he answered simply ; ' but I often come over here. It is nothing of a walk. 8ball you make any stay here 9' I hardly know ; it does not depend upon myself* ' Then you are not alone ?' * No; mother will be with me.' ' Do you know,' said Kenneth, ( one of the things you told me on the Victory' has haunted me ever since ? I asked you if your home was at Ramsgate, and you said you had no home.' ' It was quite true then, said the girl. ' My mother had been away for a long, long time; but now she haB come back, and we are together. I think the last year has been the happiest of all my life.' There were several things he would have liked to ask her—her name, where she would stay in Easton, what she had been doing all these months, and so on ; but Kenneth was 8 gentleman in thought and word. He could not have traded on her gratitude to get his curiousity satisfied. He only said quietly : 'I hope that we may meet again during your stay at Easton.' * It is very kind of you, but you will not hope it by and by.' Kenneth stared at her in bewilderment. What in the world did she meaa ? Elma went on, with a little heightened colour : *1 would rather tell you myself than leave yeu to find it out, which you would do very soon. I am not in society; I hope a great many people at Easton will known me by sight; but they won't want to make a friend of me.' An enlightening came to Kenneth as he remembered the landlady's confidence when he called at Albion Mount. * I kuow what you mean at last,' he said pleasantly. 'I went to Albion Mount to enquire after you, and I was told yon had left for London with a friend who was a professional. Do yon think I am narrow-minded enough to think less of yon bec&use; your friends work for their living ?' She winced. «It is much worse than that I will tell you the truth, and then you will see that you can't possibly * know me.' Mother had a long illness in the autumn, and: now her hands are very bent with rheumatism. She can't play at concerts or do art embroidery any more, so, as we had no money, of course I had to earn some, and I am one of the * Wandering Minstrels * who will perform at the Edinburgh Gardens twice a day after Saturday.' Kenneth stared. * Are yon joking < Not in the least.' 4 Bat you cannot like the life—a street singer V < It isn't that quite,'she said bravely. ' Professor Poligny is a gentleman, and mother has known him for years. It isn't like being with a stranger. And then, after all, if one uings for money, it's no worse to do it in the open air under God's sky than in a hot, stuffy hall. I am quite sure it's my duty to help my mother, and I don't mind the humbleness of the way; but I know quite well that I can't be one of the * Wandering Minstrels' and in Easton society too, so you Bee I was quite right in saving our acquaintance must end.' She had risen as she spoke, and now, with a proud littU gesture of farewell, she turned away and walked towards Easton. Kenneth watched her till sh« was out of sight, his mind full of perplexing thoughts. CHAPTER XII. Colonel Dene had amazed his brother. Within a month of his reaching England all the efforts to trace his daughter were stopped by his express desire. ' I am quite sure that Elma is alive,' be said simply,' and that she will never return to us unlesB driven to it by store. distress. Think if we found her and tried to make her live here how unwilling she would be. I think, Cuthiert, the simplest thing i6 te Leave her alone.' Lady Minster grow indignant. 'She is your only child, and yet you doa't care whether she is dead or alive!' 'I care a great dealj but I don't want to force myself on an unwilling daughter. I believe that in His own good time God will restoro my child to me. AU human means have been tried, only to fail; now I would like to trust in His good providence. It must be confessed Lord and Lady Minster thought their brother datt ; but Kenneth Dene understood the soldier better. «I think,' he told the countess gently, * Gerald suffers so . much from knowing his wife was unhappy that he cannot bear the thought of crossina; Elma's wisher: I believe he wants to leave her to le happy in her own way and trusts that when she has found out the trials which beset a lonely girl, she will seek him of her own accord.' ' I can't make Gerald out I' said th earl indignantly, s ? He won't hear word against his wife, and when, to comfort him ior Elma's disappearance, I said it was better for his daughter to die young than live te resemble her mother, he almost flew out at me.' Kenneth did not wonder, but he held his peace. * India has quite spoilt Gerald,' said the earl. ' He won't go into society or do one of the things I suggest. As to spending the season in town, he won't hear of itj and when I suggested it was his duty to his name te marry again, he told me his heart was buried in his wife's gra»e. ! ' I believe it is, 1 said Kenneth. * You'll never succeed if you go matchmaking on his behalf.' I You are just as bad !' said the earl angrily. ' You have turned thirty, yott know perfectly that you are the last of a grand old line, you have ample means, and yet you won't marry and settle down BB is your duty.' ' You neglected the same duty until yon were forty-five, my noble cousin,' returned Kenneth, laughing. ' It I take example by you, I have fifteen years of freedom before me.' When the Minsters went up to London, Gerald remained behind st Dene Abbey ; but the place was too large for a lonely man, and when Kenneth ran down to see him one day. he found bim looking forlorn and dejected. * This will never do,' said the youn^ man kindly. * Evidently solitude doesn't suit you, colonel. I've nothing particular on hand, and if you'll accept me as a travelling-companion we'll be off to-morrow.' ' I have been thinking I should like to go to Ramsgate/ said Gerald Dene. As a boy I knew the place well. I spent my honeymoon there, and I am vary fond of the sea. If you will really bestow your company on a lonely old soldier, we will go there together.' Colonel Dene was not rich compared with his brother ; but he had ample means for every comfort. He and Kenneth put up at the Granville, and week of sea-breezes and pleasant company had made quite another man of him. To Kenneth's surprise, Garald Dene had no reluctanee to speak of bis wife and child. To the Minsters he never named them, because he could not bear to hear his Alise's memory slighted, and to be told it was better for Elma to die than live and resemble her mother; but to a sympathetic listener the lonely man liked to speak of his dead-and-gone romance, -fie showed Kenneth the very house where he and Alice spent their honeymoon. It proved to be in the tall terrace overlooking the Grotto Walk. That, however, was new since, and for a time quite distracted the colonel's recollections. ; She was only eighteen,' he said simply, after some little anecdote of his wife, 'just the age at which Elma left her uncle's house. I don't think anyone should judge a girl of eighteen harshly. I I suppose she was beautiful V said Kenneth. ' Men don't give up so much for a plain woman.' 1 She was beautiful as a dream. I don't think Elma can have taken after her mother from the description of her.' Mr Dene and the colonel were the best of companions; but the latter was still by no means in robust health, and so Kenneth often left him sitting in the pleasant garden of the Granville while he took a long tramp over the cliffs to Easton with his dog; It was on one of these expeditions that he met Elma, and returned from it with sftcb grave face that Gerald Dene felt troubled. 1 Is there anything the matter, Kenneth ?' he asked that evening, as they strolled on the parade after dinner. (To be Continued) 