BHBLT1B SOOKA.LEXXS. Cmtkjhon (U.S.) The B.r Harbour season closed early. Eric Spoffori accompanied bis mother as far as Bangor and saw her safely cm board the Boston train. Then he started for a two weeks' banting, up the Penobscot lliver. A former college chum — Neil Browncll — had previously invited him to come to Oldtotrn. ? Deer.' he mentioned. ? is plentiful, on Osjion Island. If the Indians will give you permission to hunt tuete, you will bate line sport.' Spofford concluded to accept the invitation. Arriving, he fuund his friend too busy to even look ut a gun. ? But I tell you what !' exclaimed Browne!!. -The Indians are unsur passed guides. Uet Nicola Paulsouser to show you when) he kills his deer.' Oldtown, located upon Marsh Island, is in ferrying -liste.a-n- of Leu's Island — the home of the Penobscot tribe of KednlBM. Spofford blew upon tbn conch-shell horn he found swinging at the boat landing, and in response to his signal an Indian canoed over for him. Lett's Island is small. It has the regulation store, church, content, town-hall, and curiosity bazaar. Its principal thoroughfare is a broad street which branches off into numerous paths. Npoflbrd inquired for Paul souser, and was directed to the eastern side of the island. The path which be followed ran vary close to the rirer. The water was filled with logs. Scores of liver-drivers were at work heading them for the falls that feed the saw mills. Spuflord paused to watch the men. To his left, on the extreme edge of tho bank, lie noticed a log structure which bore a rude resem blance to a church. In its tioy belfry be descried a dark rusty bell. ' It rings once for a storm, twice for a nedding and thrice for a death.' SpoBbrd beheld a tall slender Indian. It's a spook-bell.'continued the speaker. ' Tbe rope has dropped off. It rings just the same. The cburch is under a curse. A priest was murdered there. His soul was delivered to a demon. lie is compelled to haunt the church. To be its bell-ringer. When a young life shall be slain in voluntary sacri fice before its altar, the soul of the priest shall be free. The demon will receive the new spirit for his servant.' Before SpoSbrd could think of any answering remark he beard a jingliug of bells. A strange, sweet, silvery melody ringing through the air. ? Oh, it's only Sheltie Sockalexis,' said tbn Indian. ? And she's mad, stark mad.' the curve in the bank a girl came into view. Spofford started slightly. He had often been told of Indian beauties, but never before had he encountered one. The girl wore a conventional bicycle costune of red cloth. A felt hat was pulled, boy-like, over lior forehead. Her white skin and curly hair showed mixed blood. Her eyes were purely Indian ; they had tbe long pupils and the cervine colour and expression. In her hands she held strings of bells, which she manipulated with such skill that a musical tune was run from them. . . . The girl gazed at Spoflbrd sadly. He felt a tender compassion arise within him. She was so decidedly lovely- Suddenly her mood changed. Her smile became imperious. A coquettish laughter danced in her eyes. ? I will tell your fortune,' she coaxed. ' Please.' She studiod his band . ? The girl will be dark, as dark as I,' she said gaily. ? You will love bar because she is beautiful, you will marry her because you think you cunnot live without her. The bell will toll ouco for storm ; you will both be in it. The bell will toll twice for a wedding; it will be yours. The bell will toll thrice for a death ; your bride will die. And you will doubt her wben she is dead.' ?Ob, I say, that's not a good fortune,' remonstrated Spofford. 'You might do better.' 'And so I shall,' bub c&viBiuicu; uierruy. i win tatte you canoeing. In my own ' ar quee. dun ' (canoe). Will you come 1' 'Most gladly,' replied SpoObrd thoughtlessly. Tbe tail, slender Indian placed his hand on his arm. ' She is Sheltie Sockalexis,' he whispered. ? And she's mad, stark mad I' Spoflbrd laughed easily. To have an affair with a fascinating mad-girl . What a novelty 7 Sheltie led the way to tbe beach. The girl launched her caaoe, and seated herself in its bow. The boat yielded to her band, lightly as n feather, swiftly as an arrow. ' You know my mother is white,' said Sheltie. ' And her mother wbb white. But I feel every inch an Indian.' She leaned toward him as she spoke. The colour fluctuated in her checks as tlougli she breathed it in and out. Spofford thrilled. 'And she is mad, stark mod,' he muttered under his breath. Paulsouser undertook to guide Spofford to some deer reserves on ono of the islands above Ossian, They were to be absent a fortnight. But nt the eleventh hour the Indian crushed his foot between two drifting logs in the river while opposite the haunted church; he could not go. Paulsouser was Sneltio's uncle. It, was natural that she should go often to his house. Spofibrd was interested in the progress of his guide. He came frequently to see him. Brownell gave Spofford strange warnings : ? You don't know the danger you're in,' he said. * Even tbe mere name — Shcllie Sockalexis — has come to have a sig nificance:. All of the Algonquin tribes use it as a by-word. To call a person a ' Sheltie Sockalexis ' is t&nta-; ur sorceress.' All Oldtown believes she caused that accident to Paulsonser. The Indians will tell you she is trying tn bring you under her power.' ' Do you wish me to think you've lost all of your sense!' replied Spofford. ' But she's mad, stark mad !' exclaimed Brownell. 'You can't get around tbit uulcis you're mad, too.' Was Sheltie mad 1 SpoSbrd could come to no decision. At times slio looked unmistakably crazed ; but such moments were few and 0eeting. Under the spell of the sparkle and witchery of her usual moods, Spofford forgot all that. He was inclined to think her an actress. She was teschiug him to make baskets In her uncle's living room that smelt of cooking, tobacco and sweet-grass they bent together over the heaps of straw. 'What ycu should do, is to carvo clubs,' she ex claimed. ' M.-squar-jeM (war clubs.) That's whit the men do. Spofibrd felt a subtle pleasure in being clwsed with her people. Sheltie rose to stir lie dyes liquefying on the stove. Klose -kur.beh says I am possessed of & devil,' Bhe said- 'He once hold a pow-wow over me. She laughed and showed her vivid white teeth. How aw fully I would shock society should I introduce her as my wife,' thought Spofl'ord as he watched her. ' But, thank God. I still have my head.' Yet, when Sheltie spoke to him in those soft guttural tones of hers— sn unconsciously voluptuous — he was not so sure that it was only bis heart he bad lost. He was glad when Paul souser grew well ; they started on their trip. A dark starlest uight. A campure built on the river-bank. A sort of wigwam erected for temporary sholter. Paulsouser was roasting venison over the blaze. Spofford *as smoking and thinking— of Sbeltic. For an hour sounds like the ceaseless clamour of sleigh-hells had been carolling in his ears. Were they real «-r imaginary! Fiulsouser shook his head ivheu asked if he heard them. A bell tolled from Indian Island, one solitary deap note. A vague memory stirred in Spofibrd's consciousness. He grew uneasy, Paulsoueer said : ' There'll be a storm. The bell has tolled once.' The storm came. The wind rocked the trees and screamed a; it swirled through tbe woods. The river rose foamins aod furious, and roared as it rushed over the falls. The juice burnt as it dripped from the venison. ' A bad sigo,' said Paulsouser. ' The Thunder god needs a little smoke.' Tbe Indian drew s circle on tbe ground, sprinkled powder on it, and lighted tbe powder. A ring of azure flames eprang up. The Indian appeared satisfied SpoDord went down to Ihe beach. In tne lull of the storm, the tiny tink ling of Lolls, now clear, now confused, daved an interlude to the winds and the waves. As he stood under tbe brow of the bluff a flash of lightning revealed a dark ohjact struggling amid Lbs tossing waters. 'Abos-o-lock' (boat), said Pauldouser, who bad quietly joined him. 'Only a mad person would go out in such a storm.' Spofford started. Had the Indian's words secret meaning 1 The second Hash of lightning showed tho boat nearer and clearer. It was a canoe, and in it was Sheltie. Spofford gave a]cry of horror. Tbe girl heard it and waved her paddle in careless bravado. The next instant darkness covered everything. When once more tbe lightning flashed, tbe canoe was gone and the girl was swimming in the swollen river. Paul souaer lauuehed his canoe in n trice. Spofford brought the paddle on a run. But the Indian sink backward with « cry of pain ; he bad strained his lately crushed foot. Spofford pushed off alone. It was a battle for life. Spof ford won. ' I came bacause you loved me !' whispered b'heltie, as for one throbbing second he held her in his arms. In that moment a revelation corue to SpofFord : 'I cannot live without her !' he muttered. 'I will marry her !' The lid! in Ihe ghost church lulled twice. Sheltie and .Spofford were man and wife. The bridal procession walked back to Sheltie's thome, where a supper was in waiting. In the evening, tbe marriage was to be celebrated by a Yaukeo dance in the village hall. ' You have made me iiappy !' whispered Shcllie. 'Remem ber 1 thank yon !' She ran upstairs to change her dress. She was gone so long that . the guests wondered. Suddeuiy the spook-bell tolled : ' One : Two ! Three ' Instantly there was a commotion, Spofford rushed to the apartment above. It was. vacant. Then the Indians beheld the night bats darting through tbe doors and windows of tbe hauntrd church, and making, light-blinded, for the woods. What had disturbed their day-sleep '? Sheltie lay before the shabby altar with her bead resting on the first step. She still wore linr bridal dress. And — her throat was cut. |In her band was a clip of piper on which was traced : ' I did it to make his fortune come true.1 