Nursery Accidents. When anything gets into the eye the eye should be widely opened by the finger and thumb of the left hand of the operator, while the little object can then be lemoved on the corner of a b handkerchief by the right hand. !f it is inside the upper lid, however, a pen cil or darning- needle must be placed fiat upon the upper eyelid about half-an-inch above the lashes, and the lashes are g then drawn upwards. while the pencil is kept steadily pressed against the eye ball, and the patient told to look down. If there is anything in the eye the lid should be kept closed, and the affected B eye should not be rubbed; but some- I times it is a good plan to rub the other ? eye, causing an increased flow of tears, by which means the object may be got rid of; and blowing the nose will also S sometimes dranw the tears that way and help its removal. Cold water or cold tea may then be applied to subdue any inflammation. Lime, mortar, or plaster in the eye are very dangerous, but if seen directly after the accident they should be treated by syringing with cold weak vinegar and water if some time has pansed by olive oil should be applied. The child should be put to bed. and a doctor sent fdr as soon as possible, to ascertain the amount of the injury. Children will often push some little obeect up the nose or into the ear, and this is best left till the surgeon can re more it although it may sometimes be got out by a loop of fine wire, or by syringing; but it must be remembered that a very delicate membrane, called the drum of the ear. is stretched across the end of the outer canal, which is only about an inch and a-quarter long, and that if the nozzle of the syringe is Spushed in too far, or the syringing is too forcible, or if the syringe is put in in such a way that it interferes with the water flowing out, this membrane may be ruptured, which often leads tc deafness. It is particularly importanl Snever to syringe the ear or nose if apea. bean, or other substance of that kind is in it, as the water will cause these to swell and lessen the chance of get ting them out easily. A box on the ear or the firing of a heavy gun will sometimes rupture the ]rum, and then a sort of humming sound is heard like that of a sea-shell placed against the ear. A drop of glycerine may be very carefully dropped into the ear, or a little piece of wool put in very iightly at the orifice to break any vibra tions of sound. Poisouning.-Children are so curious as to the contents of various cupboards. bottles. &c.;, that it is very necessary to be on one's guard against poisoning. 1 A1 poisonous articles should be put high above their reach, and their ten dency to investigate the contents of Dottles should be checked. I know of one case in which Sbaby of 2 years of age died from the effects of drninking nearly falf-a-pint of raw brandy. Should such t a thing happen, and the. child take an 3verdose of alcohol in this way, the Dest-thing is to make it sick by giving it a dose of mustard and water or ickling the throat with a feather. The ittle ones should not be allowed to suck he paint off their toys. It sometimes happens, howev-er, that a child. owing to carelessness or igno -ance on the pa-rt of its nurse, acci lentally takes poison. In this case. of course. treatment chiefly depends on what has been taken. if it is possible to asertain this: but if you do not k-now what the poison is. administer olive oil iinseed oiL or salad oil and barley water, copiously_ If a poison makes a child sleepy, or insensible, or very excited and delirious. give an emetic at once. and this should also be ione if there is pain in the stomach, Iceompanied by-vomiting and diarrhoea. A tablespoonful of salt in warm water, )r half the quantity of mustard, or a iessertspoonfnl of ipecacuanha wine. in i little less thn, a tunablerful of warm. water, acts powerfully : or the throat should be tickled with, the finger or a leather.-" Home Notes." By a new French law any one touno guilty of revealing the contents of a pri vate letter will be punished with impri sonment for six days the term to. be in 2reased where the )pening of the letter is not accidental, even if the contents have not been divulged. Theatrical Item.-" Do you think that as a rule people who attend theatres are superstitions ?" "Do I think so? I know it I have seen people sit for an hour waiting for a ghost to walk." "For that matter the actors themselves 2ften wait longer than tha~-" How to Se-rve Pineapples. Cut the fruit into cubes and eprinBe with California wine, using one gill ol wine to a quart of the fruit Chill the pineapple, and then sprinkle with foura tablespoonfuls of sugar. Heap in a. mound in a glass dish. If the leaves of the pineapple be green and pretty rplace them in the centre of the mound. A gill of orange juice may be substituted Eor the wine. As many as 1037 deaths from snake I bite occurred in the iPunjab in India Slast year. The figures are larger than for any of the preceding eight years. In every province except Bombay the i mortality from this cause is on the in crease_ _a temperance society at Danbury, Connecticut, which is composed of young w omen who have pledged themselves Snot to marry any man -who touches li \- quor, has a membership of 400. In support of the Welsh disestablish n ient soherme, it is stated that in some lodatlities the Established Church has Sp shes without a congregation. In one pA-Ish there is a congregation of two. 