(PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) In Full Cry. (BY IMOHAiRiD MARSH.) Auifchor of "Tine (Beetle: A .Mystery," "The Datchet Dliaimionids," "Tlhe Crime and /tilie CrtmilnaJ," etc., etc. (COû?YOM/G-Hrr.) CHAPTER VII. In tho Box. "This is ¡the second time." Recollection returned. He remembered where he was. He was In a box; that was the meaning of the narrow walls, the closely overhanging roof, the darkness, the sense of oppression. Pollie had lifted him right off his feet, had laid him down within the chest. He recalled so much, and the grotesque consciousness cf helplessness which had con.e to him on finding himself baing lifted like a child and that was all. The rest was vacuum. Ho repeated to himself, grimly, his own wordo, "Tins is the second time " How i.'Hg had he been where he was? What had happened since? All seemed silent. He thought of the journey along the roof, of the entry through the casement, of the appearance of the room as revealed by the flickering matches. Was he alone in it? Where was Pollie? What had taken place? He felt cold, cramped, worn, hun- gry, ill-perhaps, hungry most of all. A faint light gîeamed through the hole in the side of the box. Was it morning, then? If so, what had transpired during the hours which had intervened? He tried to collect his thoughts, to arrange events in their pr-per sequence. He had a hazy recollection of the girl telling him that he would have to make his own way out. How, then, did she propose that he should do it? He came into contact with something, with several things, as he slightly shifted his position. There was a hammer, a mallet, a sharp-edged instrument which he took to be a chisel, and a saw. So she had put tools into the ¡box with the idea of his using them to further his escape. He had some vague fancy of her having said to him some- thing of the kind. The idea was chimerical. He never had shown to advantage when he had a tool to handle. He was one of those men to whom has been denied the capacity of becoming even moderately skilled in any sort of handicraft. Prom the craftsman's point he was a hopeless subject. He told himself that, situated as he was, to ex- pect him to win his way to freedom by the aid of a hammer and a chisel, was sheer absurdity. He had scarcely room to move, barely strength enough to raise the heavy hammer. It was alto- gether out of his power to put it to an effectual use. He might avail himself cf it to attract at- tention by striking it against the sides < f the box. But that w..'Uld be to run the risk cf passing from the frying pan into the Are. Who m ght not hear? What undesired auditor, who might be keeping an inquiring eye upon his whereabouts? And, in any cuse, how should he explain his being where he was ? As he lay and pondered and smiled, even in that very unamusing situation, there came back to h.m other of- the occurrences which had' foll-wed on each other's heels in such quick succession. Mr. Baynes's visit; the tidings which he had brought c f the wealth which had been bequeathed to him by so unexpected a testator. He smiled still more, and shuddered. If there are such things as ghosts, and the dead man's spir.t was observing him in his present situation, supposing such visitants to toe capable tf sentient emotion, what, at that mo- ment, must the "returned traveller's" feelings be? A man c f fortune, not to speak of family, shut up, a helpless prisoner, in a wocden box, like the youthful bride In that absurd old doggerel, "The Mistletoe Bough!" The thing was too ridiculous for serious consideration. Yet, what on earth was he to do? He must do something-must make srme effort to win himself out. To be found in there, like a rat in a trap, would be the crowning humiliation, and to stay in there and not be f und, might be much worse. Picking up the chisel, making a half turn, he resolved to, at any rate, test the t oi's calibre against the side of the chest. As he moved, something so startled him that he dropped the chisel frcm his hand. Was it possible .that some other living being was shut up with him inside the chest, In moving, he had extended his right leg; the sole of his fo t had inadvertently pressed against something, s mething soft and yielding. Something which, unless he erred, re- turned the pressure. The contact filled him with such a degree of horror that, for some moment-, he was bereft cf the p wer of motion. What cculd it be? A delusi.n? If not, then what? He must haye been mistaken. There could be nothing there. Yet, though he assured himself that this was the case, it was odd how reluctant he was tb put this assurance to the proof. In- stead of ari inclination to reach out with his foot again, his inclination was all the other way-to draw it as far up as the dimensions of his prison would allow. On the other hand, the suspense was hideous. On such a point it was impos- sible that he could remain in doubt, and exert himself to. gain egress from the box. Even sup- posing that there was something, it was, pro- bably, a mouse or a rat, or, perhaps, a rabbit. It was true that it had not felt like either of the three, but what else Could it be? After an interval, the duration of which "was only too perceptible, he vet .ured out with his foot again, gingerly. He could feel nothing. He put out his foot a little further. What was that? He pould feel something which, as it seemed to him, was possessed of a peculiar qual- ity, though wherein lay its peculiarity he would have been unable to say. But, this time, it cer- tainly did not return his pressure. His alarm had been, foolish. It was probably something else which Pollie had put in with him; what it was be had forgotten, if he had ever known. Again he took up the chisel, and once more applied its edge to the side of the box. It was frightful how weak he was. The slly shoclk he had received had left his nerves in a state of uncomfortable tension. He was ' trembling all over. Such was his exhaustion that he could put forth no strength at all, not enough even to make a feint of driving the tool's cutting edge Into the wood. And the whole time his thoughts were at the other end of the box-he did not wish that it should be so, but lt was. Presently something else occurred to him, that there was a peculiar odor in the chest. It spoke volumes as to his condition, to say that he had not noticed it before. His sense of smell was al- most unnaturally keen. That he had been un- able, on occasion, to escape from disagreeable perfumes had been, for him, one of the most dis- agreeable characteristics of the vagrant life.which he had led. And there was a peculiar odor, of that there could be no doubt whatever. Now that it had become perceptible, it took his nostrils by storm. It seemed to him that in it there was something ominous, alien, repulsive. In it, too, there was something familiar, an association with an experience which had, to say the least, been Intensely disagreeable. Was it possible that the thing at the bottom of the box had been alive and "was dead, in a state of partial decay? With a sort of gruesome curiosity he put out his foot to feel again. What could the object be? It seemed to be of a rounded form-and dis- tinctly soft. The more he pressed, the more it yielded. It moved! And he moved, too! withdrawing his feet, so far as he was able, with a kind of spasmodic Instinct-. This time there'was no mis- take, the thing had been certain, the movement definite, distinct, though even now he felt that, about it, there had been something unusual, odd. What could the creature be? As, with whirling brain, and palsied limbs, he asked himself the question, he was conscious that his panic fear was scarcely dignified; and, with such slight force as still was his, be did his best to play, at least in some degree, the man. He might have succeeded, had he had time. He was in a'con eli lion, to recover from a shock upon the instant; and, when the shock became a continuous, an increasing, one, recovery, even of the most purtlal kind, was altogether out of the question. The few remaining dregs of his manhood oozed clean out; there was nothing left to him but his shivering carcass. The creature at the other end of the box was reused at last; and, being roused, was appar- ently unwilling any longer to remain dormant. It kept on moving, though its companion In cap- tivity could neither feel nor hear; indeed, the j. erfect stillness of its movements was not its lease unpleasant feature. lt touched hir boot! It was advancing from Its end of the box to his. It not only touched lils boot, it el'niber on it, with a curious gliding motion which held him paralysed with horror. It advanced along his trousered leg,: and yet he felt it still upon his boot. He knew what it was now-it was a snake! And, with the knowledge, he broke into shrieK after shriek, and writhed and twisted, almost af- ter the fashion of the reptile at his feet, as if he sought,'by bis sheer contortions, to get out of 'the box. But, after all. his power to shriek, like the rr;st cf l is powers, vus small, and, soon be was still, perforce. He lay shaking as with ague, as pitiable- an object, If Howard Shapcott's ghost was there U> act as witness, as that gentleman's oyes had ever lighted cn. The snake, as if startled by its companion's cries, continued for the 'moment still, but, so soon as the man ceased, it resumed its movements. Along tile man's body it glided, with, seemingly, complete Indifference to the fact that lt was a man's body. The sensation was indescribable; he never forgot it; ic was always with him, after- wards, at the back of his memory, needing but some casual touch to bring it to the front. ' The thing seemed endless; its weight was no uncon- sidered trifle; it was, evidently, a monster of its kind. Its head reached his; he felt1 its breath upon his face; something brushed against his cheek, softly, to and fro, with amazing delicacy of touch-it was the creature's tongue., He knew enough to be aware, even in his state bf partial brain paralysis, that the popular notion that a serpent's poison is secreted in its tongue, is born of ignorance; but, at any moment, the tongue might be exchanged for the poison fangs, these: ftc-ely pointed Instruments, which prick, at times; so slightly, that a mah need not be conscious bf their contact until death's upon him. Whether or not the creature then, did more than salute him with its fondling tongue, he could not tell. Presently he ceased to feel its breath upon his cheeks. It continued its progress, passing down over his diffèrent features, and arranging it- : self,, slowly, methodically, in a series of apparent- ly innumerable coils between his face and the holes in the front of his chest'. It had placed itself directly in his line of vision, so that it obscured the greater part of the small amount of light which found its way into the box, and there it remained quiet. - For some time he continued in a state of physi- cal and mental stupor; it was only after a con- siderable interval that, venturing to open his eyes, he perceived that the creature had darkened the light. He realised his propinquity with feel- ings so intense as to be almost equivalent to a total absence of sensation! By dégreès questions began to shape themselves, vaguely, in his brain. Since it proposed to remain where it was, whit was its purpose? Was it watching him; playing with him like a cat with. a''.impuse, waiting for the moment which suited it best,: to strike-and to strike home? Or had it relapsed into tor- por? He imagined that he could soe its eyes, wide open, unblinking, glinting at him through the darkness. ' His right-leg was cramped. In the first sharp twinge there was an involuntary movement of the ? muscles. The reptilè seemed to pay no heed. Aa the pain increased he 'made a more vigorous ef- fort to obtain relief. Still it evinced nb symptoms . of disturbance. In his agony he shook it, extend- ; lng >t;he limb to its utmost length, for the miscks were twisted into knots. Yet his companion re- mained motionless. \ ?.. While he was still being afflicted by his latest 1 enemy ho heard a sound without-the sound bf heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. They came into the room. In a moment, in his delight . at being within reach of human, succor, careless of what the consequences of discovery might > be, ; he raised his arm and struck as hard as he could against the lid'of the box. A human voice replied to the signal. "Hullo, Jennie! Is that you?" "No, it's me." There was a pause, perhaps expressive of the newcomer's astonishment. Then the same voice again, only drier. 'Oh, it's you, is it? And who are you?" And what the devil do you mean by being in my chest?" ?. .? . "Open the lld; let me out." "You let yourself in; I suppose you can let yourself out." "I can't. It's locked." "Locked, is it? Then where's the key.". "I don't know." The newcomer had evidently approached the box, and judging from his next remark, was ap- parently realising, with mingled1 feelings, the ab- sence of the key. He tried the lid, once or twice, to satisfy himself that it was actually locked. 'Well, this is a queer caper. It is locked; then who locked it? You couldn't hardly have done lt from the inside, and what were you up to to let anyone else do it when you were inside? And where's the key?" "I "tell you again that I don't know. For hea- ven's sake do let me out!" "There you are, piling on the coal! Go soft! Let's take things in their proper turns. First of ali, where's Jennie? If you've burt ber by so much as a pin- prick, I'll leave you inside until your bones are bleached." "Do you mean the snake?" "Of course I mean the snake; and you're right in using the definite article, the snake. She's .the finest snake this world has seen. And where's my beautiful?" "The snake ia here.'-' "Have you laid on her a hurtful hand?" "God forbid!" "Right again-God forbid. I'd have hurt you if you had. So it seems that you're in luck. lt's something to have a companion, even when you're shut up in a box-I speak from my own personal experience; and when it's a lovely creature, like my Jennie, why, that's something like, that is." The Gentleman was silent. He felt that the speaker had a point of view1 of his own; he was beginning to wonder if he had been sent to com- plete the process of driving him mad. "Now that the first and most important point ls in order, we'll pass on to the next. What aboiii opening the chest? How am I going to let you out without the key?" - "Force the lid." "Yes, that's all very well, for you, but how about me? Forcing the lid won't improve the property. Who's going to pay for the damages? "I have money." "Oh, you have got money, have yob? It's a nice thing to have, is money; about as comfort- able a tining, all things considered, as you very well can. have., If we had more of it, Jennie and rcie, we'd be as happy as the days are long, a/3 tine saying is-ah, and happier. How much have you gelt?" "I had four pounds." "Had? I had a thousand pounds, and I've h-d it more than once; but, alt present, it's behind that and mere. The question I put to you was not how muon you had, but how much you've got just now." "I believe I have Ithe four pounds upon rr.e now." "Believe? Belief's all right; I've seen a lot ot belief in my time; and I don't say a word against anyone believing anything, . But I like to know. Don't you know if you've got that four pounds?" "I had it on me last night; I've every reason to suppose ifs on me now; but I'm tortured by cramp-Jhalf-paraCysed-I can't feel, to moke sure." "Then am I to understand that any damage I may do .my chest by forcing open the lid, you are willing and ready to make good?" "Every sou 5 Only, for God's saike, make haste. If you knew the agony I've endured, and am en- during, you'd take pity." "Agony! Is that a slur on jennie? Or on my cheslt? You've had a free night's l:dging3, and the best of company ; I don' t know what, else you want." ' The Gentleman groaned. Was the man a mad- man? Or had he been sent to torment him be- fore his time? Heavy footsteps crossed the floor. . "Somieone's-been taking French leave wiltlh my tools. There's a cutting chisel, a hammer, a mallet, a saw, all gone; they weren't gone last night." ' ." "Isn't thlere anything else you can use?" "No doubt. I might use the lid of a teapclt; 'or a toothpick. But I'm not proposing to ui.e either." "Make haste, man, dio." "What's tlie hurry. If, as you say, you've been ail night in agony, you must have got used Ito it by now. What difference does a few minutes more or less make? I've been in ag^ny myself, ah, and for more than one night! I speak from personal experience." "Are you a fiend?" "May be. Don't know. A man never does know till he's been cuit up for the doctors to ex- amine; what he is inside's a mystery. Here's a . cold chisel. Shall I usé that?" "Yes." "Seems to me that you'd say yes to anything. If I was to arck if I should use the stem of my best pipe you'd say yes to that. You don't eeem >':o have no sense, no prefer reasoning. How- ever, things being as (they are, I don't mind mak- ing a trial with the cold chisel, just to oblige y< u." The footsteps returned towards the box. "Now I understand that for any.damage I do to this property-and it's valuable property, mind you, so don't you forget it-I understand, I say, that for any damage I do to this property, on your behalf, and for the purpose of letting you out of it, you'll see me paid." "Yes.". ? ... "That is the understanding, between gentle men, as gentlemen?" "It is." "Very well, thon. That's all right, so far as .it goes'. When I've put a bit of baccy into my pipe, and got a light to it, I'll set about the job." The Gentleman waited, in hideous expectation. He seemed to be an actual witness of the produc- tion of the tobacco and the pipe; of the pipe's loading; he heard the scratching of the match; he saw the flash; smelt the perfume of tho strong tobacco. Then there came the voice again. "That's it; that's something like; that ls tho right article. Now I've got the taste of tobacco in my mouth I'm game for anything. Look out in there. I hope, soon, to have the pleasure of making your acquaintance, sir; the job is being started." , in less than half a minute the chest was open.. 