THE MISSING HEIR OF CALLONBY. By Mns. G. SELn.Do-, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels," "The Masked Bridal," Etc. CHAPTER XXIV. "IS HE NOT DEADT' Back, with a terrible, suffocating force, flew the life-blood upon the heart of Madge at these words. A low cry of ter ror parted her pale lips, and her eyes gleamed wildly, as, turning in the direc tion whence the voice proceeded, she be held a tall, gaunt figure standing close at her side ; but even in her fear, she noted the fact that it was not the knight of her dreams. She started back affrighted, stumbled, and would have fallen, had not the crea ture put forth hi. hand to save her. It seemed like the touch of the dead, that cold, clammy hand, with its claw. like fingers, and the flesh shrunien from the bones: and wildly beating it from her, she turned hither and thither, seek ing frantically for some way of escape from the fearful, startling presence. The evil, sinister face of the wretch took on a pitying look, as he saw the fair girl's extreme terror, and with a reassuring voice, he said, as he, too, moved a step or two from her : " I will do ye no harm, fair lady, so do not fear. I do not wonder at yer fright, for I never was a pleasant companion at my best, and much less so now, when I'm just ready to drop into the grave, for a young and tender maiden like yourself." He was a swarthy-looking fellow, and much emaciated, while a hollow, racking cough interrupted him at every other word. He had piercing black eyes, while coarse, shaggy hair and whiskers, hanging in disorder about his haggard face and neck, made him xepulsive in the extreme. Had Mr Dispean been in his daughter's place he would have recognised in this wretched, dying being, his companion in the ruins, on that moonlight night, when he so startled him in the old library, a year preious. Time, diassipation, and hardship had done their work, and this accomplice of Lord Callonby's, whom he so hated and feared, was evidently in the last stages of consumption, and not long for this world. "No, do not fear," he repeated, in a sad voice, as he saw Madge's fear was only partially subdued, " and do not try to fly, for ye will only become bewildered among all these alcoves and passages. It is lucky for ye that I happened to be hiding here, else I fear ye would have a hard time of it finding yer way back to the park again. Now I can guide ye, my lady, if ye will trust yerself to me. Sure ye needn't fear the like o' me, for one push from yer little white hand would measure me in the dust." He smiled grimly as he said this, and, holding up his hand, Madge saw that it shook from very weakness, and, feeling much relieved, she said, though her voice tremblea : " Thank you, if you will be so kind as to show me the way out, I would like to go back at once." She was eager to breathe the pure air of heaven once more, and to get out of the uncanny place as soon as possible, and she took a few hasty steps away from him. "Kay, nay, my lady, ye do not half trust me yec (and it is no wonder, either), but I swear I would not harm a hair of yer bright head. If it was the old lord in your place, though, I could not promise so much for him," returned the man, with a half-suppressed oath, which was followed by another severe fit of coughing, making the echoes ring dismally through the weird place. "Ha I" said Madge. suddenly, her fear all gone, and implicit trust in him in stantly taking its place, at his words. "Why would you harm Lord Callon by T' she asked, ever on the alert where his lordship was concerned. " Because I hate him-because he lives upon the fat of the land, while I am starring : yes, STrEIvNG, miss, when a few crumbs from his table, a few shillings from his pocket, would serve to keep life in me a little longer,' he whispered, hoarsely, and with a tiger-like gleam in his fierce black eyes. "And won't he give you something I can hardly think he would allow any one to go hungry from his door when he has sunch abundance," returned Madge, in surprise. " Ah, maybe not as a general thing, but he does not care how quick I am out of the way; the sooner my body lies under the ground the better for him. But I'll haunt him while I live; he shall not take his ease with his ill-gotten wealth, while there is breath in this poor old wreck," and he beat his hands wildly upon his breast. "Yes, and my ghost shall haunt him after I'm dead," he continued, in a ferce whisper; then added, dejectedly: "But one doesn't know much about what he'll do in the other world ; it's not very pleasant to think about, especially if one hasn't lived the right kind of life here. Do you believe, miss," he went on, an eager look shining in his sunken eyes, "it is any good to repent of wrong at the end of life It cannot right the wrong, I well know, but will sincere sorrow do the poor tinner any good, do ye think, mis i" " Surely we have the promise of for giveness, if we are truly sorry for sin," replied Madge, the tears gathering in her eyes and feeling a deep and nudden inte rest in the poor wretch. "Thank ye; but-well, I'm not sure itdoesn'tmatter much whether a ne'er-do well as I am is saved or not ; there's no one but the old woman who would care, anyway; only it would be pleasant like to feel sure I'd get a welcome from her, and a sight of her honest old face t'other side. But bless yer sweet, pitying eyes, miss, I'm not worth such a look as ye give me; if it were not for the sad, sad face of a giri, lovely as yerself, that rises up before me in my dreams, I could rest more peace ful like. She was a sweet girl, old Lord Cuthbert's daughter," he went on, in a musing, rambling way, and Madge's heart leaped at his words, " and her sunny face was never clouded with sorrow until her sore trouble overtook her. Ah ! her heart-broken cry rings in my ears now, as it did when she saw his body a-lying there in the grand old castle hall, and it was enough to melt the heart of the devil h?melf. It was too bad, too bad." " What do you mean I Of whom are you talking 1 Do you mean young Cuth bert's body? Please explain, for I do not understand you," cried Madge, eagerly, and almost bresthless with ex citement, for she began to think the man must know a good deal concerning this very mystery in which she was so deeply interested. "I ras talking abont MLiss Nara, but ye don't know anything about her maybe, for ye be a stranger here, I take it, or ye would have known about Elfin Grotto, and her name is never mentioned now, the servants tell me," he returned. "Yes, es, I am a stranger here, and though I have never been in this grotto before, yet I hare heard of the beautiful Miss Callonby, and that she was very un fortunate in lFsing all her friends, But tell me, please, what you meant by her brother not being worthy of her tears and sorrow," Madge pleaded earnestly. "Alh, bless your bonny heart, I did not mean that, for a finer lad never breathed the breath of heaven than young Lord Cuthbert Callonby. He never would have turned a starving man from his door ; he would have taken him in and fed him full, while the winsome lassie would have emptied her purse to relieve the suffering of the meanest wretch on the face of the earth. Oh, Heaven forgive me! but it's too late, too late I She is weeping out her dreary lifo in a convent, and the poor young lord-Heaven only knows what has become of him." " What he ia-isn't he dead I" almost screamed Madge, a wild, wild thought for the first time sweeping through her mind. The man's talk was rambling, and so often interrupted by his dreadful cough that she could not c;early understand all he was saying. But this last suspicion it took away her breath and strength. What could it mean 1 "No one would believe so strange a story from such a rascal as I am. But I could tell-I could tell if I chose. Oh, the curse of sin-the curse of sin to the poor I but the rich! " he cried, raising his voice to a shrill, despairing cry, " the rich may sin, and sin, and sin, rolling themselves in the blackest infamy, yet gold will keep the curse from them. Oh, Heaven, what a world I The poor are the sinners, the rich are the saints. But his is the guilt, not mine, for he bought me with his gold, his bright, yellow gold, that would buy food and raiment; it is all gone, and now I am starring, starving, while he is filling his stomach with the luxuries of the earth." The wretched man here sank upon a stone exhausted with his excitement, and another violent fit of coughing seized him, which Madge surely thought would result in the rupture of a blood-vesseL Her heart ached for him, he was so weak and ill, and the thought of his fearful hunger was agony to her, while at the same time she was consumed with the desire to learn his secret. It was evident he was tormented with one, yet hardly dare reveal it, while with it preying constantly upon his mind in its weakened state, he had not strength to resist talking about it in this indefinite way. His obscure allusion to young Lord Cuthbert had set her brain in a whirl, and the suspicion to which it gave rise that he might still be living actually made her faint with excess of joy, on Nora's account, and yet she dared not believe too much on so slight an authority, for he had spoken so brokenly and enigmatically. As soon as the man had recovered from his coughing she went nearer to him, her former fear now all merged into an intense desire to learn the truth. " My poor man," she said, compas. sionately, "you are weak and sick; you are hungry and faint; if you will guide me to the right passage leading from this grotto, I will go and get you a good breakfast. But first tell me what you meant when you said, "Heaven only knows where young Lord Cuthbert Cal lonby is." I thought he was dead, and his body sleeping beside his father's in yonder church -yard; but your wild, strange words have aroused a suspicion that is may not be so; that he mayyet be living. Yet how such a thing can be I am at a loss to imagine. Tell me explain it to me, I beseech you, and I pledge you my word that I will in no way imphcate you, and you shall be well cared for as long as you live, in return for your confidence." "No, no, young lady; it is not for ye to ferret out the dark secrets of this family; ye might lose yer own bright young life if ye should attempt it, and I daren't tell ye. Ah, if I but knew where the gentleman lives who tried to buy my secrets from me a year or more ago, it might do some good ; but for a fair young lassie like ye to be meddling with crime and that old rascal yonder, it won't do at all, and rising, he beckoned her to follow him and led the way through the passage by which she had entered the cave. "Ah," thought Madge, light breaking in upon her mind as she followed his feeble steps, "this is the same man whom papa met in the ruins of the old castle without doubt. I hardly dare tell him whom I am just yet, lest he should play me false and expose me to his lordship, in the hope of getting a new supply of gold, and that would ruin all our plans at once. I will try once more though, and then go and get the poor wretch something to eat." They soon reached the end of the narrow passage, and Madge once more could discern daylight. " Will you tell me if you know whether young Lord Callonby is really living ? I beg you will reveal the truth, sad I solemnly promise I will not rest day or night until he is found and restored to his rightful heritage, and this I will do without causing the least suspicion to rest upon you," she pleaded earnestly, as he stopped and motioned her to go on. " I do not know-oh, I do not know, for sure, my lady, no more than yer own sweet self," the man replied, his face convulsed with pain, and wringing his hands. "This much I will tell ye, for the gentle pity ye have bestowed upon an old wreck like me: He was alive on that day when poor Mliss Nora grieved and moaned so over what she saw in the grand hall; but whether he is dead or alive now, the body lying under that, head- stone, marked ' Lord Cuthbert Callonby, aged twenty.-two,' be not his it is- it is-- aha- There, young lady, there be the way into the park." He stopped suddenly, and pointed towards the light shining into the o'ter grotto, with his long, bony, shaking finger. "Oh, tell me more--whose body it is, if it is not Lord Cuthbert's ? I cannot go with all these horrible thoughts in my mind. I pray you will tell me more, so that I may have something to work upon, and you shall have gold, food, wine anything you ask !" and clasping her hands before him in her eagerness, she looked like some beautiful angel beseech ng Lucifer for the restoration of some soul from perdition. "Ahl no, no; I've told ye too much already;: but, fair lady, I'm weak-I'm sick, and have no power over either mind or body. Ye never knew what hunger is like, did ye, miss 1 May ye never know sorrow of any kind-but, oh, it is dreadful to be so hungry-so hungry I" He turned away from her with a gesture almost of despair, and tottered back into the darkness, leaving MBadge standing" there bewildered and nearly crazed with what she had heard, and that last fearful moan of his "so hungry, so hungry," ringing like a knell in her ears. The tears started from her eyes as the echo of that despairing cry died away, and with the speed of a doe, she flew back to the castle, and up to her chamber without being discovered, as it was still early, no one but the servants being astir. A sudden determination had seized her as that poor, hungry. dying man left her, and, ringing her bell, she threw herself upon her couch, and covered her earth stained garment with a silken quilt. A servant soon appeared. ", ary, I have not slept at all well, and am very faint; will you please bring me up a cup of coffee and a slice of toast 1" she asked of the girl, in her sweet, gracious wY'es'm, sure an' I will," the girl re plied, and went eagarly to doher bidding. " Sure an' it'll be a pleasure to wait on the likes of any one who would ask a favor of a servant in that way, so different from Miss Maria," she told the cook in confidence, while with her nimble fingers she arranged the dishes on a massive salver. Madge's eyes brightened as she re turned, bearing not only the requested coffee and toast, but a plate of cold tongue and chicken, a dainty dish of jelly, and a tiny basket of silver filled with luscious purple and white grapes. " Thank you, Mary ; you are very thoughtful," said Mladge, bestowing a gratified look upon the tempting array, that was worth more to the girl than a month's wages would have been, and she returned to her duties below, which were brightened all day long by that little ray of sunshine. Madge hastily drank the cup of coffee, for she was really faint from excitement and the loss of sleep; then, taking a little basket from her table, she emptied the contents of the salver into it. Going to a closet, she brought forth a small flask of wine, and a heavy travelling shawl, and after replacing her hat, she quickly and noiselessly made her way downstairs, and out into the park again, and soon found herself once more at the entrance of Elfin Grotto. She entered without fear, and passed quickly along the dark narrow passage, intent only upon her deed of mercy. She called aloud as she reached the inner grotto, but was answered only by a faint moan. Glancing toward the spot whence the sound proceeded, she saw her companion of a few moments before lying prone upon the ground and panting for breath. "Are you hurt-did you fall " she asked, compassionately. "No, no; hungry-so hungry," he breathed, in gasps. She bent over him, and gently raising his head, put the flask of wine to his lips. He sipped a little, but was evidently too weak to make much of an effort. She let him rest a moment, then gave him more, and soon he seemed to revive a little. " Can you eat something P'" she asked, as she saw him glance eagerly at the bas ket by her side. He nodded his head, and snapped his jaws with a force that startled her. She put a small piece of bread in his hand, which closed over it with a vice like grip, and by the dim light she could see that his eyes burned with a tiger-like gleam, and she shuddered as she thought of the suffering he must have endured from his hunger. " Eat it slowly, and you shall have more when that is gone," she said, but the last morsel was swallowed before she ceased speaking, and his trembling hand was stretched out for more. She knew there was danger in allowing him to eat too much, so she broke off small pieces, and soaking them in the wine, fed him very slowly, and soon had the satisfaction of seeing him appear much stronger, and the pinched, famished look wearing oat of his face. "I have brought you more in this bas ket, but you must not eat it now, for it will do you injury." " I know," he said, with a sigh, but not offering to take more. " Here is a large, warm shawl, and if you will wrap yourself in it and sleep awhile, I do not think it will harm you to eat again when you awake. I wish you could go out of this damp place, but I suppose you are too weak, and I should not know where to send you, either." "No, no; I am better off here," he said, uneasily. " Well, rest here until afternoon, and then I'll see what can be done, and I'll bring you more food then," said Madge, rising to go. "Thank ye kindly, miss; ye are very considerate toward a poor wretch like me, Bless yer tender heart, it makes me think more and more of gentle Miss Nora," and he brushed his hand hastily across his eyes. "Ye will not tell anyone, please, miss, that I am hiding here ; I'll go away as soon as I can get the strength," he plcaded, as Madge prepared to leave him. " No; I will say nothing to anyone who would wish you any harm ; but never mind that now. I will come again to see you this afternoon' and perhaps you will be stronger then." And, with another caution not to eat again at present, Madge left him and hastened back to the castle, fearing that she should be discovered, even now, be fore she should reach her room. But she was not, and, hastily exchanging her soiled garments, she went down to break fast, smiling, rosy, and cheerful, yet with nerves that vibrated painfully with every word which was uttered during the meal. 