NIGGER MINSTRELS. The Mechanics’ Institute was fairly atten ded on Thursday evening at an entertainment given by the Nigger Minstrels in aid of the Institute funds. The club has undergone a few changes since its last appearance, Messrs. Dave Ward and Webbe replaced Messrs. Rose and Griffiths as corner men; Messrs. I. Swan and W. H. Bunn re-appeared in that character, and Mr. J. A. Thompson again acted as interlocutor. It was the general impression that the first part went more briskly than at the last concert. ‘ Mary Blane,’ sung by Mr. C. Farmer, and arranged by Mr. A. Knight, was encored ; also 1 Drifting' by Mr. H. A. Ternes; ‘ Mother Kissed Me In My Dream,’ which was nicely sung by Mr. H. Harvey, and 1 Under the Snow' by Mr. N. Birrell, whose voice is well adapted to minstrel songs. | ‘ Who’s Dat Cabin,' by Mr F. J. Davies, was also encored, and was considered one of the best items in the first part. The corner-men had no difficulty in obtaining encores Mr. I. Swan’s song, ‘jUnder the Mistletoe,’ was re peated ; also Mr. Webbeje, * She’s a Darling'; Mr. D. Ward’s ‘ Afterwards,’ and Mr. W.H. Bunn’s ‘ Shout Hurray for Mary Ann.’ The choruses were rendered in a finished manner in every case. The overture was ‘ Fri volity,’ and a finale, 1 The British Lion,’ effectively brought the oircle portion to a close ; and * Hymn to Night ’ and ‘ The Image of the Rose,' two pretty pieces, were sung by the club’B Glee party, the solo in the last-named being nicely sung by Mr. Harvey. Messrs. Bunn and Ward contributed an amusing sketch; Mr. Swan gave an entertain ing sketch writteu by himself, illustrative of disasters of a bicycle ride ; Mr. C. E. Lovett was encored for a mandoline solo, ‘Ma Curly headed Babbie,’ and Mr. Webbe created great diversion as the leader of ‘ The Put away Brigade,’a contingent of youngsters in grotesque costumes, who went through some grotesque evolutions. Mr. John Harrison’s olub-Bwingiog exhibition created a storm of applause' Mr. Harrison is rightly regarded -as a champion, and is really juggler with:the clubs. A farce, entitled ‘A Ghost in a Pawnshop ’ brought the entertainment to a close. Messrs. Bunn, Swan aud Knight performed their respective parts in a manner that caused a good deal of laughter. Messrs. A. Knight and J. D. Wright played the accompaniments in a satisfactory manner. 