Wi\\\ mxb (§xm\0L Two women can keep a secret — when one of them is dead. Don't waste to-day's strength fighting to morrow's battles. After about the third time the virtue of repentance becomes moth-eaten. When it comes to toleration it is hard, now and again, to tolerate some of the tolerant. Tf we look for the contented man we may often find him asleep, when he ought to be at work. He (cautiously)— 'What would you say, darling, if I should ask you to be my wife? Darling — 'Ask me and find out. Clerk — 'I can't read this letter, sir. The writing is very bad.' Mr. Flareup— 'Pshaw, any donkey can read it; pass it here.' 'How carefully your wife watches your health!' 'Yes; she knows that if I get up a big doctor's bill she won't get'to the seaside this summer.' Johnnie — ''Why don't you want me to ask so many questions, father?' Father — 'It is a waste of breathe. You will know more than I do in a few years anyway.' 'He laughs best who laughs last, you know.' 'Not always. The fellow who sees a joke only after all the rest have finished laughing at it is often a very tire some person.' Kind Lady — 'How did you become so lame?' Tramp — 'Over-exertion, rauin.' Lady — 'Indeed-! In what way?' Tramp ? — 'Movin' on every time a policeman tole me.' Ikey — 'Please, farder, give me a penny for icecream. I am so hot.' Father — 'Ikey, mein shon, dat is a vatst of money. I vill tell you a fine ghost story dat vill make your blood run cold.' First Artist — 'An artist has as much right to sit upon the critics as the critics ?have to sit upon the artist.' Second Ar tist— 'Of course; but the critics get paid for it and the artist doesn't.' Actor — 'When I staud on the stage I see nothing, and I am conscious of noth ing but the role 1 am playing. The audience disappears entirely.' Friend— 'Well, I can't blame the audience much for that!' Bobby (at tea-table)— 'Why, she ain't dusty a bit.' His Mother— 'Dusty! Who? What?' Bobby— 'I mean Aunt Lavinia. Didn't you tell Mrs. Glib yes terday that aunty had been on the ehelf quite 12 years?' 'You are sure that the room you have to let is quiet?' asked the timid young man. 'Ah, rest assured of that,' said the landlady. 'There is a singer in the next room, and it must be quiet or she couldn't practice.' ''My wife,' said the tall man, 'is as womanly a woman as you could find, but she can hammer nails like lightning.' 'Wonderful!' sang the chorus. 'Light- ning,' the tall man continued, 'seldom strikes twice in the same place.' ?Speaking of a well-known cantatrice, a critic says — 'She might be a more attrac tive singer if in the middle of the most affecting passage she did not look as though she were counting how much money there was in the house.' Miv Justjoined — 'What on earth are you trying to do?' Mrs. Justjoiued— 'I was reading about cooking by electricity, so I hung the chops on the electric bell, and I've been pushing tha button for half an hour, but it doesn't seem to work.' 'You know in our country,' said the eminent Chinaman, ''it is considered the height of courtesy to present a man with a burial casket.' 'Yes,' answered the young; emperor; ''but -these relations of mine are becoming altogethertoo polite.' Young Lady — 'liow much?' Telegraph Clerk — 'Sixpence.' 'For that one word?' 'Yes. Same charge for 12 words or less. You can repeat the 'Yes' six times if you wish.' 'Urn — no; that wouldn't look well. It is an answer to a proposal of marriage.' The Tardy Lover— '1 must say that if there is one thing I particularly admire iu a man it is business enterprise.' Sue— 'So do I. There's young llushman, for instance. He's only been calling on Miss Sparks for tiro mouths and they're engag ed alread}'.' Plugwineh — 'Congratulate me, dear boy. I'm engaged to the wealthy Mrs. Gabster!' PigsuuHle — 'So glad, old man. But — er — are you sure she is really so rich?' Plug winch — 'Sure? I should say so. Why, she was arrested for shoplifting and ac quitted as a kleptomaniac.' The Young Fish — 'Oh, mother, I see an angler coming. He's got a jointed rod, a silk liue, a whole lot of flies, and all sorts of things.' The Old One — 'Never mind him; but if you should see a little boy with a piece of string, a bent pin, and a tin can full of worms, theu swim for your life.' 'Children! Children! Don't make such a frightful noi'se,' said the mother. 'We're playin' omnibus, mamma,' said Mattie so* berly. 'Yes, I know, dear; 'but it isn't necessary to make such a terrible noise.' 'Yes, it is, mamma. We've got to where Hattie insists on payin' the fare, iind so do I.' Young Wife— 'I am going to make a nice steak and kidney pudding for supper to night.' Young Husband (with recollections of the last one) — 'Ahem, 1 did intend to bring a friend home to-night.' Young AVife — 'Well, so much the better. The more the merrier.' Young Husband — 'All right. I will fetch him along. He served me a mean trick himself once.' A teacher was conversing with liis pupils about the five senses and their importance. Teacher — 'Suppose we had to be deprived of one of our live senses, and we were at liberty to choose, which of them could you must readily dispense with, Fitz Leh mann?' Fitz (recently chastised for mis behaviour and rubbing the part affected) — 'Feeling.' Tom — 'Great news!' Dick — 'What's that?' Tom — 'Harry Brokestone's won a prize of £10,000 1d.v correctly answering a simple question.' Dick— 'Rubbish !'' Tom— 'Not at all. The ofliciating clergyman asked him, 'Wilt thou have this woman'— meaning Miss Giltedge, the banker's daughter — 'to be thy wedded wife?' — and he answered, 'I will,' and— and that's how it happened, you see.' An absent-minded professor was hurry ing with a friend to catch a train, when he stopped sudden3y and exclaimed:— 'There! I've come away and left my watch.' 'Let's go back and get it,' sug gested the friend. 'No; I don't believe we shall have time,' said the professor, and he drew the lost watch out of his pocket, 'looked carefully at the dial, counted the minutes, and added, 'No, there wfai't be enough time.',' Two ladies who had not. seen .each other for years ; recently met in the street. . They (recognised' each other after 'a time' and their recognition was cordial. 'So de lighted to see you again. Why, you are scarcely altered.' 'So glad; and how little changed you are. Why, ''how long is it since we met?' ''About 10 years.' 'And ?why have you never been' to see me?' 'My dear, just look 'at the weatner we have had.' » 