6\. .i i i Original Story. LIPPY'S LUCK, A Miner's Christmas Story, ! (By PAUL TWYFOUD.) /{ALL RIGHTS RESERVED J I Aet Jpxon iu tho street ; lie iooked.;VpaleJ-arid miserable — like a ghosti':%\'':Nd' ' wonder ! The man's finances' were at the lowest possible ebb, hia hunger unappeused, hia clothes shabby and worn, aud withal the day was wet, cold and miaer n 1:1 n. ? . iio recognised' mo ; in fact the recogni tion was mutual ; yet I passed hini by. There were old associations not ? desirable . to-be- renewed. I jturnodto iii order to see whither he shaped his .footsteps, and lo, ho had 1 stopped in his shuflling walk and was looking.at me. Ho grinned ; ho did 1\. Then- he carno - up to ,mo und poured , forth his . troubles. They jwere many and, to some extent, I sympathised, though, as I had beou ; liad ' before, I was wary. He pro duced a. small vial from his pocket. 4 Look at that,' he said. I did look, nnd took tho bottlo in my hand. It lield about' two penny weights of 1 gold arid I tbld'him so. , , ' That's the-exact weight,' ho said ; * nico gold, ain't it?' I nodded, nothing more. - I. knew Joxon, and wasn't taking any., bogus gold yenture just then., tio knew mo too, and knew that where there was a bit of gold to bo got, I was as keen as a terrier after a, rati Jexon and I had . foregathered iu days gone by. We hud' been co- agitators, labour men, and iBocialists. Jexon was also a rabid temperance advocate, but in that I could not iollow. liiin. ? Jextin'was an unlucky follow too, ho could never make any' headway in' anything, and it 'wais not for- lack of energy/either, for :he was' full of it. Latterly' he had- igouo in for gold ' digging, at least he said so, and I ' ' liad uo 'reason -to' dony it, though I ^ confess I was sceptical. - ! Anyway, there was tlio gold aud or this is .tho story lie told mo : . ' Thero's six of us, and ,we!ro upon' ? v. the ' (name of thorivo.r whispered in -.''jhy ear) \ and that is. a sample of , the , 7,' gold we hayofound.' ; IIo stopped abruptly, but I on cou raged him to proceod, ?- . 1 Well, why we want help.' I ?T'-Vurosay. Most uew chum miner/. do, uBjoecialJy men of ^our ' ittiaw' 'Now, don't he hard on a cove. You're a lucky one, you are, and oughter have a little feeling for them as isn't.' ' Can. you put me on to anybody ?' asked Jexon, after a. pause; . ; 4 1 might} but it is hard to trust' men, gold mining, I know men who . ini^ht;'- help ( you',; after ' 'they have helped themselves, and I also know you.' 4 Oh, stow. it. Let bv-gones be by gones.'1 1 ?' 'Very well. By-tha-bye, where'a tho 'missusiand, kids ?' ' \ ' 4 In a tad way; ' Keeping a penny hash house in ? street. How she's lived while I've been away, God only knows. But Lippy (my name, I may state, is Lipscombe— Alfred Lipscombe) she's a stunner.' ? 4 She is, I believe. Bad job for her that ever she married you, .Tex.' 4 Y-e-s, perhaps so ; but — well, what about the gold ?' 'Nothing. I'll give you no advice lest it come home to me, and I must know more about it before 1 move a hand's stir. Will you have a drink?' 4 You know I won't.' ' Not of hot coffee ? Here's a place and you look cold enough to freeze a fellow. Come in anil get warmed.' The man's face relaxed, and his heart, I kuew, Was gladdened, not only by the fumes of hot coffee, but by the hope that I was relenting. ' 4 To he honest with you, Lippy,' he said, ' I don't want money, that is I I don't want to sell ; we think too much of it, and only require as much ! money as will provide tucker for a ! few months.' j 4 Ia that all ? What about tools ?' ; 4 We have plenty, but we can't. ! work without tucker.' ' True ; but how did you get to Sydney ?' ' Walked every step of the way,' The fellow seemed so earnest, so eager, and withal, so moderate, that I did relent, and quickly summing up matters in my own mind, I made this proposition to him : ' Well, Jex, I will help you. I'll go with you and attend to the laying out of my own money. I am going up to- ? in order to see what's what, and if it suits my book, I'll keep you and your mates in return. I for an equal share free of all further expense to me, subject to this con dition : that I can stop supplies at any moment I like ; and further, that the cost of food and any other exnennft T mntr Vio nn» +« ™;il - first charge on the washings.' ' Agreed. You're a brick, Lippy ;' and he eagerly gripped my hand. 'Now, Jex. show me where you 'iver ' He hesitated, but, after consider ing a bit, led the way. The neigh bourhood was a frowsy one, and the penny hash house uninviting in the extreme. Yet there were there a dozen men or so sitting in the sparely furnished 4 leading room ' smoking, ' I told her what I was going to ao, and she thanked me in her quiet unobtrusive way. ? Upon leaving I ? slipped a bank note into Mrs. Jexon's hand. - ? ? ?- At the appointed time Jexon met uie at the railway station. His swag was a light one, but that wasn't my business. Anyhow, I shared my rugs with him in the car. Arriving at ? wo had to negoti ate a twenty mile coach ride, and then a walk of two miles brought us to the claim. I knew the country, as I had been there in the early days, and saw but few changes. Jexon took me to the hut. It was noon, and yet there was no sign of work. On a fire in the open was a billy, add sitting by it two hang-dog j looking fellows smoking ; inside were three others, equally unprepos sessing, sitting at a table playing euchre. They looked up for a mo ment and resumed their game. 4 This is a new mate I have brought you — an old friend of mine who has promised to help us,' said Jexon, in a pleasant sort of way, his face all smiles. 4 We ain't got nothin' to eat, so can't aBk ye t» 'ave a bite.' 4 What 1 Haven't you got a bit o£ gold?' ' Gold be ? . Where can we get gold?' Which sounded bad for my venture. 4 And haven't you been trying r' asked Jexon. 4 What bloomin' rot ; you know we can't work an' we starvin'. Why. we can't even get a drink o' milk from tho old cocky down yonder.' I said nothing, but studied the crowd with some curiosity. I learned from Jexon that the cocky kept a store. I gave him some money to purchaso meat and bread, sugar and tea — nothing else. I was goipg to try an experiment. I could live as hard as any one, and naturally ex pected others to do so when neces sary. The food was procured,' and and the men tucked in. a pretty good' tightness of fried mutton and home made bread, moistened with panni kins of tea. There was no stint, and I noticed that the chaps had ' sweet teeth,' for there was a big run on the sugar . bag. Jexon gave up his ' stretcher to me and slept on tho lloor; it' was pretty cold and I halved my wraps with liim, I was shown the claim next' morning. To tho un initiated there was nothing to see, but that did not disturb me. T wanted to see the place where, the two penny -- weights ? come from. Jexon pointed out a hole iu. the drift; I tried several pansful of stuff and got merely colours in each. I ad vised Jexon to Het tho others opening out in the bank. Ho spoke to them, and there was some discussion. ' Let'* ten your tools/ 1 stid, They CHRISTMAS TIME AT AN INLAND STATION. were produced,' and a more discredit able lot of picks and shovels I had never seen. The fellows pottered about making' some sort of pretence of work, and I. went to the hut and put on some working duds. The fellows | stared' at me when I went amongst them in moleskins, heavy boots, and big bare' arms ready for action. I put; in air afternoon's work, and rather liked the look of the country, though I got no prospect. That evening I sent for no tucker, and ? all hands looked glum. We finished the remnants of yesterday's mutton and bread, and no one had enough. After that repast I put matters plainly before them : If I was to find tucker, I must have a fair return in work. I had shown them tho way, and they must make an effort. When I saw them in earnest I would provide better tools and quarters, with heaps of grub. It depended entirely on them selves. If they were men, and acted fair by me, I'd stand by them for three months ; if they did not, either they or I would have to clear out. Finding no gold in a week, I told Jexon that he had lied to me, and in a servile, apologetic fashion he ad mitted the soft impeachment. 'Never mind,' I said, 4 1 must try and make the best of it. We -must have better tools and bettor men.' ' What will you do then ? ' ' In a day or two I'll tell you ; but I must go into ? (the nearest town) and I leave my few belongings in your care. I may trust you that much.' He looked nt me reproachfully. ' You surely can trust me that much:' ' I will do so. I'll hiro a horse from our cooky friend below,,. ;and hope to be back in two days.'. , . * * * My first visit was to the mining registrar. From him I beard that no lease had been applied for, and that no miner's rights had been issued in the names I indicated. I then ap plied for 800 yards iu the river bed, and 60 acres along the banks on either side, paid the deposit and took out a miner's right for Jexon. I then purchased such tools as were required, together with axes, saws, hammers, etc., and a good sup ply of provisions, to be forwarded the following day. When I got back to the claim the men were all attention, but I told them nothing. They were much annoyed, you may be sure. They were experts at euchre, and I saw thoy meant to take me down, , but thoy had no money to bet. I bought their interest in the claim for £10, aud: With' 'Jexon' as partner won it back. *.j, . ' ? That night a- heavy haud'-moved over my face, and in 'another -second would 'liiivo clutched1 my-' throat.' 'I had not gone to sleep, fully expecting some sue-h attempt. ? My right hand held my revolver and I blii/.ed away, not at the man but up at the. rafter. The blaze revealed the fellow's face, I then drove my left into him with1 all the force I could. ? I heard a howl, and then there was a nico old row1. I had slipped out of bed, and1 as I had turned in standing I was pre pared. Someone struck a match, and I found them all standing about me, except one, he was lying -doubled up, for I had hit hiin below the belt. Jexou at once attempted to smooth matters by insisting that there had been some mistake. The others talked big, but having five shots, I talked back pretty well as I pleased.' Jexon, speaking on their behalf, suggested a ' compromise. Asked what they proposed,- they asked for £20 for their interests, i told them I'd see them in Halifax first. ' What would I give them then ? ' they asked. - ? ' I have no right ' to give you any thing, but to save bother here is that £10 note and' what odd silver I have will keep you on the road. Now clear ' before I ride for the police. Jexon, I have not included you, but if you are homesick here is £2 for you though I'd rather you'd stay.' They took the money, rolled up their swags and cleare'd out. That afternoon 'a. trooper called at tho camp to . enquire if 'alr'lian'd^'had' miner's rights. iHe. saw.. mine and ' Jexon's, drank ' a . paiiiiikiu of' t6'a 'With, us* 'bad a smoke, and'' then followed/' on the ?trail of' my late mates. What -for nev^r troubled me. V ' '. Now, Jexon,' what do you intend doing ? Will you stay with mo or surrender your chance here?' He said he'd stay. ' ' ' Very well. I'll now ride to B ? where I can pick up two or three good men.' I knew all the old diggings about B— — , but all my. old cronies had left or were dead, though they were f known to those I interviewed. I made arrangements with six good men, who returned with me, bring ing with them. .'k!1 that belonged to them on paolc-horses. ' Thoy wore of tho good old type of gold-digger — strong, hearty, and capable, and looked respectable mon. And what a change they brought 1 We soon had a decent camp) and better still, a big cut opened out 'and tho bottom taken up. It was dry weather and wo had no difficulty with tho water. The yield, upon washing up, was highly satisfactory. Subsequent washings provod just as good. Then Jexon wanted to go home. I didn't blame him for ho had a good wife, and his sharo would set them up. ?. Ho was a sparo, weak man, and his heart was' not in the work. Ho had £50 in his pocket, and I offered £50 for his sharo. lie demurred at first, ' because,' he said, 'you have been a real friend, and I ought not to take a penny from you.4 'Let me owe it to you, thon. Per haps '£50 about Christmas will como in handy,' though I hope you will have doubled your £50 by then.' * ' « ? By enquiring at a well-known socialistic rendezvous, I found Jexon, and I am glad to say, in a far greater degree of comfort than I had over seen him. Mrs. Jexon was most pro fuse in her thanks. Strolling out one evening with old Jex, 'we saw a crowd in Castloroagh street. Some groat political question was being discussed, and among tho speakers iii tho crowd I recognised the man who would liavo choked mo as I slept, . He was in fine fettle, talked a hurricane, and had the crowd with him. I got in front of him, hoping to catch his oye. Presently ho uttered some nonsense, and I chal lenged him. I soon found that I had raised a hornet's nest, and only that .Toxon jumped up on the wall (where thoy were speaking) and addressed itho 'crowd in a really good, sensible speech,. I think I should have been mobbed. \- Jexon had very much moderated his vio.ws, though ho had not , de eorted his old comrades. lie was not in any employment, but he assisted liis wife very materially in the boarding house, which waa quite a stylish place. I handed Mrs. Jexon tbe other £50 and I learned from hor that she and a bright girl named Lucy had com pleted their arrangements ' to make me happy. Christmas Day was really a happy day, aud I may say that many happy | days havo followed. That yoar was my very luckiest yoar, for though ' the claim on tho rivor wasn't ex ceptionally rich, I married and won a I splendid uuggot iu my wife, for she BOTANICAL GARDENS, SYDNEY, stood five feet seven inches ia height, weighed ten stone; and w»8 just turned 25. She has been worth her weight in gold to me, and'' I always call her ' Lucky Lucy,' for my luck has been even steadier since wo coupled ; and though only country reared and unsophisticated in many tilings, she knowe her way about better than most city women, and batter than all, sho ia lovable and elfectionate aud thinks a lot of her 4 old man,' meaning, of course, Alfred Lipscombe, otherwise ' Lippy.' Aud that is all I have to say. My luck is good for a life time, beyond all doubt, for not only is my- big 'nugget' as bright and winaotnc as ever, but at this moment ? , three smaller 4 nuggets ' aro overhauling their Christmas stockings for. good things and offering me bits of each, variety. And — thero I've said enough. 