"HAMLET. PERFORMANCE AT PORT MELBOURNE. The record production of "Hamlet" by tlic Excelsior Amateur Dramatic Club at the Excelsior Hall, Port Mel bourne, on last Tuesday evening, was a great success. From start to finish tlie performance was marked with a smooth ness and a zest that left nothing to be desired. The cast was exceptionally strong and well selected, the scenery (specially painted by Mr. T. Robins) was remarkably good, and the dressing of the piece which was in the capable hands of Mr. Alex. Pain, the well-known costumier, called for high commendation. A large audience showed by rapt atten tion and frequent outbursts of applause that they highly appreciated the manner in which the picce was staged. Excel lent music was supplied by Graham's Band. As to the individual pet formers there is little room for adverse criticism. Mr. Cha.3. Dillon as Hauilct gave evi dence of undoubted ability; lie was specially effective in the scene with Ophelia, that with his mother, and the play scene. Miss Maggie Garnett as Orphetia, gained high renown on this her first appearance with the Club, and the long sustained applause which she received at the conclusion of the scene where she shows the terrible effect which her (troubles have had on her mind, was urimistakale evidence of her success". Mr. Geo. O'Toole (King Claudius) had the most repulsive character to pourtray. It is a heavy responsibility to be directly answerable lor tne torture or jtiamieD, and indirectly for the madness and death of Ophelia, and the deaths of Polonius, the Queen and Laertes. How ever, Mr. O'Toole's thorough conception of the character, combined with the possession of marked histrionic ability, enabled hinito give a very faithful re presentation. of the unhappy King. Miss Mary Ryan, as the Queen, added another to the many successes she has achieved on the amateur stage. Mr. T. MeGilton was very happy in the character of Polonius. . His was an almost faultless performance. Mr. Clia3. Does' measured and dignified tones well suited the part of Horatio. Mr. Clias. Mayne showed out well in the dual characters of the Ghost and the First Player. MissG. Cowan did full justice to her part, the player Queen, as did also Mr. James Ryan (Marcellus), Mr. F. Tate (Guildernstern), Mr. Juo. Ryan (Rosencrantz), Sir. J. Sutherland (Ber nardo), Mr. J. Marshall (Francisco), Mr. J. McColl (Second Grave Digger), and Miss R. Rolfe (Osrick). Mr. Jas. Lynch created much amusement by Lis admirable portrayal of the first grave digger. The performance is to be re peated next Tuesday evening at the Excelsior Hall, which is situated near the Port Melbourne North railway station. Lovers of Shakespeare in South Melboirnc—and surely there are many—and all who take a delight in an artistic performance, should not miss the opportunity of seeing such a good representation of one of Shakespeare's finest tragedies. 