I FRENCH AND ENGLISH STYLES. H "Li Savale" lias . been tried and found wanting. 9 The French method, as practically expounded by 9 iu acknowledged champion', was not in it against I Briliih fist-S British science, and British endurance. I Such is the moral of the fight . between Charles 1 Ourlcmont and Jerry Driscoll. A host of other I considerations anil questions arise out of the en- counter; but the main fact is that among the arts. I of self defence La Savate must henceforth de- I fioitely take a back place. The kick is no good I ipinst pugilism. TIic French boxer may wear 9 what boots he chooses; and clptbc: his' feet in hob- I mils if lie likes. Against ari. Eoglisher fighter of 9 iTcrase science, ' of .good - stamina; and qf some E . practice in the tactics required rainst '.tlie Savate, Ik stands not the ghost of A "chance. The British I instinct that brands the kick.'as unsportsmanlike, fl tnd would hound out of the ring for ever and a 9 dijr any English boxer, .supposing there ever cx- isled such an one, who dared to raise bis foot I against his opponent, is proved not to be so ab- | rurdly Quixotic a way of looking- at tilings after all, and lias been, oil the contrary, demonstrated I here in Paris to be as wise and practical as it is I pnerous. I Charles Charlemont is beginnig to: find that vie- B torics (ho was given the award on. a foul commit- I Why himself) such as -his do not bring peace with I honor. He seems to hnve fancied that he would I now be allowed to retire in glory from 'the field of | his sham success, and rest upon, his imitation luu- I rib. But he has just discovered that victory has I it! obligations as well as its rewards. - Charlemont I has iKcn literally dumbfounded .to receive a chal- I lenge from the American boxer, Kid MacC'oy, offcr- I inx to fight him for fiOOO dol. a-sidc and the best I puree offered under articles-similar to thoeo signed I by Dnscoll. Tlie American middle weight chnm- I pion heard that Charlemont, having beaten Dris- I coll. was proclaimed champion of Anglo-French I telegraphed a challenge accordingly. I ftoiDin?, of course, could be more natural imdcr I tbe circumstances, or more in accordance with -the I ,TC sprtinjr traditions. But the news fell I ?, thunderbolt upon th'o Frenchman. "Fight I hm MacCoy? he exclaimed;, "not for worlds. I I ""had enough of fighting Driscoll, I don't want I Sin8"1, ovcr aKain' and» what is more, I will I SSI Apparently, he foils to Understand what I Koi" .,ci!;.ullp!0n He has tasted the of- I . untisli boxing, and declines a second cx- I foLif0, :,or/.v .Driscoll himself is being again iJI » n?a,ust 1,18 supposed victor bv two Aroeri- wii pntlemen for £fi(J0 a aide. Oliarlemont is, in- tdQf' verinK that he won a very hollow vie- 