The Sketclicr. A Ghost's Story. B.V J. ROLAND MAOLAIU2N', m tüe " Nuu'oahl'le Weekly Ohrouide." lu my Liiuif it wiasu't all "beer aud [t'Us" iu the " punfcwsfljuii," guv'uor, t huiif^li :i loL of ou'tsldeiw thouyh'l so. Il «-as Jolly 'ard work, aud preeioUH lil'llo for it, auil a " imnmiier" iu a gliurit ijhmv gm pile 'eavy end of It. Fung's Royal uilios't Illusion wasn't uu c.Yccpi'jou. X ought to know, for I speu't live yeans of my nita'raJble life lu i't. Old Fogg 'ad uiadc some money run uiiig a eoalahed down Whiteehapcl '«ay. lie wias a chap of uo eddica't'lon ; but Iiis uut was screwed ou t'lic ritflit way; so lu the summer mouMis, when the Wu'tl'send trade tos slack, wot does Fogg do but rents a big beiupry shop ou Coiuuieix'ial-road, till« it up for t'lie gluwt business, engages «some brokeu dowu liaetors (I was oue of 'eui) from " poi'taible" 'fheay'tres, opened to a craiuimed 'ouse, and did a roariug trade. You see the dharge for admission was ouly a liu-mMe " d." T.he plate 'eld aibou'l a "quid" when full, and wot with throe performance« a ii'lght, aud «is ou .Saturday«, Fogg fairly raked iu llie coin. Tlhe company consisted of seven indi viiduails—leading man, 'eavy uwu, yours truly, lo»v comedian, aud two Uhaps as did "cruwda," " villagers," "servau'us," rihilfted tlhe tfoeuery, uad (Struggled with a liauniaUic 'aud orgau that did duty as fbe baud. A leading lady aud chaiu'bor niaid completed rlie " large aud talented company," as was tita'ted ou the board outside. Fogg didu't give uo fauey salaries. Ue wasn't afflicted wltli en largement of the 'eart. Eight "quid" a week would cover all hiß exiieiuses, so you can figure for yourself wtot Ills protits were. lie didn't give his palrous uo SlKikBpeare—not likely. " Lnicy liig gius, or 'file Spectre's Bride," " 'Wie L/ast Ciasp," t'eceterer, was more in their 'Hue. The proprietor was a short, fat, rcd fiiced man, wMi a voice like a 'aud- aiilli gi'lmlin' coffee beam. Aud couldn't lie «ihiift " 'threes" of ScutWh ! But It didu't eeein to' ave no effect ou li'iiu. lie was a perfect saud/bed, aud must had 'ad a constitution like a elephant. Iiis better 'alf, (Mits. Fogg, took the money at the door. Slie was " Ümt robber," as it is called in tlhe " purfes^huu." gome folks said as 'ow tihe was only Fogg's wife temporary like, aud not for u pcmiti ueu't slftyviash'in ; but llhat 'ad uotliJug to do wüilli us ; we didn't warn to see lier marriage certificate. All 1 kuow is t'ha't if Fogg bossed us She bossed him; aud wtoeu flooded over the llluisoll mark with giu she used to raise " ruc tioiia" lu t'lie show. Sly i-espe'eke, guv'nor! Take them all round, the "gen'iB" of the company were a Jolly ldt, und diidut stund upon their dig nity. Be'mveen tlhe dhows they'd go over to tlhe "pull" opposite with any one of tlhe audience who offerekl to stand a pdnt. They'd go in their stage togs, too, Wl'tli the " dap" imake-up) on. Blees you, there wias no beastly pride aibout 'am ! Saintrtlmes we 'ad hactors lu our coni pauy as 'aid "eld good positions in tip top I'lieaytreis. Wlhat brought 'em down to a glittet show, «fli ? Booze, guv'nor, booze, as a rule. Xot always, though. Sometimes, when otft of an engage ment, and liavJug a wife aud young ster« depending upon 'em, they'd öuroöher Clieir pride, and apply to old Fogg for a tfliop. Vou 6ee the sals were law, litrt sure—file "ghost" afovays walked—and that's more than can lie »aid for some Uig theaytres as I've kuown. Busides, uo bills being printed, uouc of t'heir 'ig'h aud mlgb'ty pals uould Und out wot t'liey was a-doing, if they 'ad the sense to keep their mouths rihut. Tlhey'd stay uutll a good engage ment turned up, aud thou they'd show a dean pair of heels. Why, once we 'ad tlie youngest «sou of a real live "barrow u'iie" in t'lie i^hovv, dolug odd jobs. lie was t'he prodigal sou, aud past reclalm iug. WWl wit'li brouL'h'lfis, aud gargling life t'liroa't wit'h whisky au " four 'alf," 'stead of cod liver oil, he soon coughed Uisself out of cxieteuce. l'oor beggar J 1 'ope iie'e got a bei'tcr shop now. I've knowed tlhe KxJt ou Ohe oilier leg, so to »2>cMk ; um often, though ; bu't 1 knowed oue puwoually. lie's a big iiactor iu Ijoiidon uow; but lie a<iu't ashamed to say he started as a "super" in a "portable" fheaytro, though I t'hink lie'd 'eslfatc to say that he'd been a " gtost" with old Fogg. When I get a squiii't ut tlhe " lira," aud see as 'ow Mr. Htht'hvxild XKiu'tmorency is " veH1! iug," " 1 wink tlhe oölier eye," as the eoug eajts. Wot do 1 mean "t Wiliy, I means that teu to oue Mr. Montuiorcucy ls " reaping" 't-os he cau't help it. W'heu outsiders fancy lie's at Brighton eujoy iu' of hlssetf, aud 'H\1lu' on the fa't of tiie laud, It's 'lglily iprolwlile he's uji to tfre ej'e« In dtibt to his landlady, and jolly glad to get a two-ey'd steak (bloater) for dinuer. 'Ave another V Well since you're so kind, 1 don''t uilud if ,1 do. 'illie be^t man in Hie show In my time was a Mr. Stanley. lie joined us to iflay »he " leaUliug" bualuess, about six moutlhs afore I loft. A flue, 'audsouic, li'lutelleotual-lookin' man lie was, abou't SO yeans of age, aud you could see u't a glance he was a genV'uiau. Where be cauie from no one knowed ; and a« lie was very reserved, he kept it to hlsself. i dou't profess to be much of a •Vrleket," but to my wind be was tt splendid liartor—a 'pad aud shoulders ailiovc Fogg's Wt—iufroduelu' Mule quiet mi'tural touches tlha't was quite rhrowed aiway on Hie "joesers" In from. They liked "Wood aud tlliuuder," and rliey got il. As for B'il'l SuiWhers, our 'eavy man, lie 'ad a voice like a foghorn ; aud when he used to b-liout, " IIa ! ha 1 be ware, or I «111 'ave your bejlud !" you'd 'uve Pauc'ied he'd rili'lft the roof. That w4as tlhe style of ai'ting that su'iied old Fogg. lie believed iu a mau that socju e<l to be worklug for his "wagie," as be termed it, so you «in Imagine he didu't appreciate Stanley's quiet, bart is't'.c at'tiug. Fogg used to stand at Vhe "'w'ing«," aud bawl out to hiui, "Let 'eiu 'ave It. Cougfo It off your illiest." Ktaulcy seldoiiu took any notice, but «cruioiiinoti lic'd give old Fogg a look tli'a't utiglit to 'ave wK'liercd liiui, If he "adu't boeu case- hardioicd. Kttiöley and I bwauic very friendly; InA be would "ave uotihlug to say to the r«Jt, Vi-jit In buniuens. 1 used to go aud »moke a pipe Willi Iiiui ou the Sunday I'Vi'u'iti'«. ''Appy tliiins tliey was, and a liberal edd;i(vilion to s'.t and listen to Iii in. lie 'ad beeu all over tlie world ; "adn1! forgofteu wot he'd seen eltJier ; ami <'otild spin yarns like a panorama. Soiiietiuies. though, he'd sit for a long spell, smoking Ills pipe, and 6taring Into tlio fire, wiili ei far-iMvny look in h:.s eyes—'that ''»ill viMci'il nie lie was thlult In' of some li'iiH-IOcn'tK In Iiis past life. Then you ciniMii'lL gi>t a won! out of Jiiiu. J ili's'/i.iv you 'atv noticed, guv'uor, Uli:!1! sonn* nii'ii 'ave MTtta lie'ind [heir breast bone, ami keep 'em there—'and Stanley was one of thai soft. To ni;ikr .1 imi^ story ulion. I goa a bit of his 'Islmy from ouo a.s knowed iiini; but Klint \Y';ir> long after lie 'ad been deml. It .sccniK lie Moused to a rtcli fitini-ly. nuil 'ml been n ollieer In a crack rtivalry rrgiiiiou't, hut got Jilted in eoane love al'ftwr, t'ltok it 1« 'ear1!, and won't fhe paee—gHinblin", 'onse racln", etcelerer— iinTil lie ruined lilsself. Thru lie got dropped by Iris wealrliy relations, changed h'Ls na'iiie, and joined the "j>ur fessliun"; liu't \>w a man ot his eddlca tiion and ability ever came down to a gluirst Hlmw wan, <iud is, a mystery After lie 'ad been almivt four months wWli us li'its VIi']i began to fall, aud 1 could see it was Jurft a breakin' up ; bn't iie managed to 'aus on for a few weilm longer, and then—as lllie saytlu' In—'ail to "illrow up the sponge." I flaw that the end ivmldn't be far off ; Inn it i'.Niie sooner flitiu I exjievied. One inorniiu" Fogg sends for mc in a 'urry, and says, " Look "ere, Tom, you sflip down 10 Stanley's diggins. Ill« landlady"* been "ere, aud says as 'ow he'll soon Hie a ' stifT-uu.' If he's on the road to Fiddler's (irern, you'd better go and 'ave a luolc a't him, as you was al ways dliniiiniy." A lender 'carted man was Fogg. wl'tli a nice way of expretss in' hissell'—1 don't t'liink. I didn't lose no t'iiine, you ibei ; bu't w'lieu I got to life lodgliu's. I found lie 'ad gone the journ ey we all must go sooner or later. Poor Si&itiley;! t'!te best frleod I ever 'ad. His rii'li friends, wtlio wouldn't look at li'ni when he wais alive, came aud took all I'h'a't was left of liiiu away to hiß 'nine In tlhe south. I believe as he'd a grand funeral—initn'h-iwne eollin, with brass "audits, an<l all rtie rest of it. Mtii'h good tlra't would do him ! A'h ! it's a rum world ! Now, far from gfliorit dhows, he refits in a quiet Devonshire c'hutvh.vard, aud, lin the words of the immortal Billy, 1 'ope that— " Alfter life's ii'tiful fever, He sleeps well." Fogg's f*huxv ilidn't seem the eauic ibfter my dear old pa 1 'ad gone. I got dlscon'ien'ted, aud. to make matters wufis, Fogg was always a-uaggin'ot me. I bore it patiently for aiwhlle, but one nlitfii't we got to 'iglli words. One word led to a null'her, and Fogg so far forgot h'isself us to let drive at me. Now, w'lieu any man elafts to knock me olbuu't I'm goin' to be there ou the spot all flic time, and take a 'and iu tlhe game. 1 could always 'audle my " dooks," so 1 gave him a couiilo of stingers Pair ou die " iKiko" witli uiy left, tluWhed wi tili a beautiful tippeivu't with my nigli't rhat sent him sprawling the 'lengtlli of tin1 show, aud took my hook before lie 'ad time to say " good oveaiu'." Thlit was my last uiect'lug with old Fogg. After tihat I weut slowly down the 'Ml —got from bad tt> wlias—aud many'« the time I've 'ad to 'Sloes with t!Ue datelcs" when I've been etonyJbroke, and 'adn't flic price otf a bed ; but 1 aJwuys kejrt houest, ehauk God ! tWough I've often been sorely tempted. 1 tell you, guv'nor, when a man is down on ihis luck, and linsu't a frliend in tlie world, lie's in clined to medt the devil more Khan 'ulf way. \Vhat am I doing now? Well, soiue 'tiimes I ge't odd jirtju as a sandwich .man, and deliver-in' 'audbills ; but it's precdous uncertlain, aud only an exist ence at the beet- The young 'uns al ways gets llhe pu'l'l over us old toiler«. What will be the end ? Why, a front Beat in tlie work'onse, 1 s'pose ; but I must be goiu' or I'll get " the key of the street." <Jood night, aud thanks, guv'nor. 