The Late Rev. James Somerville. The church at Enfield was thronged on Sunday evening last in respectful and loving memory for the late Rev. James Somerville, who died the previous week, full of years and honor. The service was conducted by the Rev. C. J. Pres- cott, M.A., who preached a touching sermon from Ephesians iv. 1-3. At the conclusion of his sermon Mr. Prescott read a memorial sketch from which we extract the following : — James Somerville was born in County Cavan, Ireland, in the year 1815. His parents were God-fearing people, who brought up their children in the peace of the Lord. At an early age he was the subject of deep religious impressions, and when his father died his earnest entreaties that James should give himself to God led him to resolve that he would seek the Lord with his whole heart. Shortly after his conversion he was appointed a class leader. Soon he began to exhort and preach to the people. Then it became a question to him whether he was not called to the ministry, but in his humility he thought this was presumption. However, when he was leaving his native land for this colony he had a conviction that God, nevertheless, would so call him, and he gave himself afresh to God, fully per- suaded that if God did need him He would open the way. On reaching this country he entered into business in West Maitland, and displayed such aptitude that it was remarked, when he abandoned it for the ministry, that he was a good business man spoiled. In 1848 he commenced his ministerial labours, supplying in Sydney for most of that year. From his sermon-book, which he kept scrupulously until December of last year, I find that he preached from time to time at Surry Hills, Princes-street, Chippendale, and Hay-street. He was then sent to Goulburn, thence to Windsor, and then to Goulburn again. The Goulburn Circuit then comprised, roughly speaking, what is Goulburn district now, so Mr. Somerville travelled far and wide. In 1853 a letter was sent to Rev. W. B. Boyce by some of the inhabitants along the Moruya River, asking for the appoint- ment of a minister amongst them, and adding Mr. Somerville's name as that of one minister they definitely wished. On his leaving Goulburn he went to Moruya, and spent the next thirteen years at various places on the South Coast. Here he did the work of an itinerant minister with fidelity and conscientiousness. He accomplished long and arduous journeys and encoun- tered all sorts of dangers from floods and swollen rivers, riding his horse across perilous places and running grave risks from his inability to swim. He was a true pastor of the flock. He went constantly among his people. The sick claimed his special attention, and he used many an opportunity of pointing souls sick in body and mind to the Lamb of God. He visited mining fields and invited the diggers to attend the preaching of the Word, and he preached to congregations here, there, and everywhere ; but he preached out of a loving heart and from deep convic- tion. His name was known then as it is remembered now, far and wide in the south coast region. "He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost, and much people was added to the Lord." He became a supernumerary in 1872, and went to the Hawkesbury shortly after to rest. But his rest meant that he was the virtual superintendent of a circuit which according to the 1875 plan embraced fourteen places and where he usually preached three times each Sun- day. Many of the churches used in that circuit were built in his time and left without debt. He settled in Burwood fourteen years ago — in 1885. Till his force failed, he preached from time to time in Burwood, his last sermon there being preached in 1894. So he lived and died, and we have one more illustration of the power of the Gospel to adorn life and conquer death. " Now the labourer's task is o'er ; Now battle day is past ; Now upon the farther shore Lands the voyager at last. Father, in Thy gracious keeping. Leave we now Thy servant sleeping." 