POINTS. The Christmas number of the Week, illus trated, will bo ready on Decembor 16. Agents and others pleaso order early. The heat weekly paper in Queensland.- Send it to your friends. Illustrated, price only 3d. "They" have been saying nasty things again. It is now said , that tho Government will press forward with the Railways Committeo Bill, And till this measure is passed will hold baok tho Elections Bill. Thus tlio latter will ho made St double bribo ; once to the electors before the refer endum, And now to tho Opposition as a reword for passing the Railways Committeo Bill. Them is such a thing as economy even in bribes. Ir the Railways Committeo Bill is dofeated, there will bo no Elections Bill. At least the Diokson Government will not bring it forward — though a new Government -may. .... / - It is intended by tho Government to amend the Railways Committee Bill in committee, so as to embrace publio works. Thus Mr. Dickson will ondcavour to avert defeat, and should tbe'hill become law, whioh is not likely, The jobbery will !be complote, and, the opportunities for bribery and corruption will bo greater than ever. . Tun Act will therefore he a most usefnl picco of machinery to any Government. "The Mistletoe Lady." In Christmas number of tho Week, illustrated ; price 3d. A man rushed on to tho atop of a tramcar just after it had started to go on the Victoria bridgn at the south ond yesterday. The conductor shouted- a warning to him. and rang the boll,mnd tho man was pulled off the stop into the oar just in timo to savo him from injury or death, by being scraped off at the ond of the bridgo. The ungrateful swore loudly at the con ductor, and grumbled in an undertone all tho way to tho end of tho section. Areanoements were recently made between the Government and tho Adelaide Steamship Company tor the conveyance of wcokly ship ments of butter and meat in a refrigerated chamber from Brisbane to Sydnoy. Tm: stnaincr Adelaide has been specially fitted up for the purpose, and a representative gathering ot commercial men wero yesterday entertained at luncheon on tho vessel to cele brate tbo new departure. In a spoeoh raado by Mr. Nortbcote, the general manager of tho Adelaide Steamship Company, refei- onoe was made to tho migra tion of Soutli Australian farmers . to Queens land. a faot which the speaker -viewed with some regret. Ma Northcote said South Australia was not a wealthy colony, hnt ono whioh would produce a thrifty, energetic race of men who might be termed the Scotch of Australia. Treasurer Philp was hardly just to the Brisbane Chamber of Commerco whon ho said that its inombors did not look with favour on anything beyond Brisbano. This remark called forth cries of " Ques tion," whilo ono member of tho Chamber of Commerco interjected, "There speaks the northern Minister." Christmas fun nnd frolic. Sos ' Christmas number of the Week, illustrated ; prico 3d. The Boer seems to bo fairly resourceful. It is stated that thoso surrounding Kimberley have no-.v token to wearing khaki uniform similar to ti.u.r opponents. Tnur hope .thus to deceive tho British soldiers, our, it is questionable if they will succeed. Few would think that tho plough would play 11 part in modern warfare. Yet it does, and a moat important part too. Where it can be utilised is in preparing trenches for the troops. This calls to mind that the plough can also he used with regard to wood-blocking, as the city aldermen know. The steam_ plough being sontfromEngland to South Africa will scarcely provoke so much talk as tho horso plough that was used in" Qaeeu street. It will ho .interesting to watch . tho utility of this now invention —the big steam plough for trenching. If it can be worked as well us the naval guns it will be worth having. It is a pleasure after hearing of ill-luck in other quarters to find that Qneenaland rifle men havo once again secured tho Fedoral Cup. and thut having now won it five times it will remain in their possession finally. The totals in tho first half of the cricket match with New South Wales look very one sided. .Not many people would care to stake much on Queensland as tho winner. The Kaiser is at last on his visit to tho Queen. It is to ho hoped that tho event will bo of lasting benefit to both nations. Of course it is unpopular in Gcnnanv, bnt that does not hurt us. "Whon wus'a European Power or its people friendly with England for any length of time ? "Gray Ghost of Landkwaene." Seo Christinas number of tho Week. Order early ; prico 3d. illustrated. _ Tiie New South Wales Lancers— thoso v/lio did not elect to go home — havo reached the front, near tho Orango Frco State. No doubt they will talco a' sbaro in some skirmishing work directly, nnd Inter on iu something more serious, tor the fighting will tend more in this direction as the British advance. The Boers aro not tho only troops who can carry out surprises. That little movement of the rifles 111 the fight outside Ladysmith proved a treat iu store for them. War is gotting more and more a matter of engineering, which is just as well for the Anglo-Saxon, for no other race in tho world can equal him in that. The details of tho battto of Elandslaagte only add to tho brilliancy of that, affair. One thing is vory evident, and that is the gallantry of tho Devons, who appear to have borno tho brunt of tho fighting right along. The Gordon Highlanders havo boon praised highly, and thoy always do got praise, and thoy dosorve it. We lrnvo not heard mnch abont tho dnm- dnm bullet in this war, simply because another kind is being used. But our old friond, tho lyddito shell, is proving more offoctivo than any other artillery against an enemy who always fight behind shelter. Tns wearing of khaki uniforms by the Boers will confuse matters a tittle, seeing that the British foroes are similarly dressed. As thoy leave England in tho transports tho troops woar tho good old British red which has confronted the enemy on so many victorious battlefields. The burghors continno to give evidence of their astuteness in the matter of little artifices. 1 That turning of the Aliwal North msgis- trato into a hostage for thoir own safety was a smart pieco of work. The British forces uro making preparations for advancing on tho Boers from all sides. With White at Ladysmith, Hildyard at Estcourt, Methuen at tho south of the Free State, Gough and Kekewich at Kimberley, and Badcn-Fowcll at Mafeking, tbo Boer forces will be very much broken up. The Christmas number of the Week, illus trated, will be ready on December 16. Agents and others please order early. The beat weekly paper in Queensland. Send it to your friends, illustrated, price only 3d. Cool, soothing — " Challonge" Tobacco.® Telephone Memoranda. — Tho Mutual Lifo Association of Australasia has issued tor tho convenience of thoso who use tho tele- phono a telepliono memoranda bluck. It is adapted for hanging on tho wall, and contains spaces for tho date, for the telephone number, and tor tbo message. The block contains 100 pages. On application at tho head office, Queen und Eagle streets, and at any agonoy in Queensland where a telephones are in use, subscribers may obtain the memoranda free of charge. There are millions of the inhabitants of the Philippine Islunds who never knew of the dominion of Sgaia and never saw a Spaniard. 