, Music and Drama,, j, Mr. Williamson has arrived in Sydney from Melbourne witlicncouraging accounts of tbo success of "Tho Bollo of New'York." Miss Isabel E. Sullivan, of Cincinnati, (Oblo, has dedicated hor now song, "ThoUnrotum- inir Bravo," to "our fallen heroes." Tho words and mnsic aro her own. "Tho Gay Lord Inox," Pinerq's now play, in which Mr. John Hare will play tbo titlo part, is now well nigh completed, and pro mises to be of very interesting quality, aB toe author has touched upon subjects both grave and gay in tho courso of tho four note .during which tho drama proceeds. Miss Agnos Hewitt has (says too ' Daily Mail) discovered a. new dramatist, whose pseudonym of Alfred B. Wise hides the per- aonality of a doctor of medicino. Miss Hewitt intends to take hip play, 44 Found at Last," on tour in tho coming spring. A new dramatist! "Found'at Last." Mme. Albani- Gyo is now on a.concert tour in South Africa. Her husband, Mr. Ernest Gyo, accompanies her, and Mme. Album's concert parly comprises tho following ladies and gentlemen: Mr. G. .Whitehead Mr.. D'Aubigni, Mr. D. S. Wood, and Mr. and Mrs. Leoni. An excellent idea has been put in opora- tion by Mr. Boerbohm Tree at Hor Majesty's Theatre. Flacod conspicuously in front of the musical conductor's desk is a white tablet on which appears, visible from every part of the house as soon as tho curtain falls on each act, a notification -of tho length of the interval. A concert recently given in a town in Virginia was responsible for a curious error, which seems to show that tbo Americans are still dominated by tho martial spirit. The second West Virginia band was announced to play, ornoDg other things, 44 Mozart's Twelfth Massachusetts "—too Twelfth Muss 'being supposed to refer to that regiment. Mr. Charles Frohman and Mr. Bram Stoker have completed all arrangements con nected with Sir. Henry Irving's approaching American tour. Sir Henry will open at toe Knickerbocker Theatre, New York, on Ootober 30, playing tlfero for thireo weeks, and tbonce proceeding to Boston, Philadelphia, Wash ington, Brooklyn, Baltimore, Pittsburg, Clevelaud, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Toronto, Dotroit, and Buffalo. Miss Clara Clemens, toe daughter of Samuel L. Clemens, who is better known as Murk Twain, is a great favourite in society in Vienna, where the family are spending their second winter. Miss Clemens has a voico of great sweetness and power, and is studying with the intention of going on the concert stage, although sho first took up singing, as most society girls do, merely as un accom plishment. While in America, Mr. W. S. Gilbert was one evening at a fushion&blo; function given by a lady of tbo 44 now rich" order, who posed as a patron of music, but who- had not hud time to educate herself.' . She wus foolish enough to attempt to 44 show off " before tho English celebrity. 44 And what is Bach (4 Batch' she called it) doing now ?" she said ; 44 Is he composing anything?" 44 No, madam," immediately replied Mr. Gilbert, without tho ghost of a smilo. "No, mudam, Batch is just now decomposing!" A Ciiincsc woman dramatist named Wion- wcu has written a masque, the English tiilo of which is 4.4 Howards of Virtue and Valour," and the pieco has just been produced in tho Chinese Theatro in Now York. Wion-wcu is only 28 years of age, and hus written plays for many years ; but as thero appears to bo a prejudice against women dramatists iu China, sho left her native country and wont to America, whero ono of her works wns given some little timo ago in San Francisco. Tho time of representation is five hours. A most interesting relic lias just come into tho possession of Mr. Bcorbolun Tree, consist ing of the original 6cal specially cut for the first Her Majesty's Thcui.ro iu 1837, when the Queen ascended tho toronc. It lias been in the possession of Colonel Muplcson since 18-17, and lie obtained it from his father. Colonel Mupleson has presented it to Mr. Trco, who thinks of making ii£0 of it as a kind of dis tinctive trado 'mark, so to speak, of Her Majesty's. At tho Philosophical Hull, Leeds, tho Rev. Canou Bullock, vicar of Holy Trinity Church, said he recently had the pleusuro of hearing a first-class regimental band. Directly after wards ho weufc to a music hall — an odd music ball. There was somo 44 music " at tho place. (Laughter.) It sounded liko six cats und threo dogs all having their tails trodden upon at oncc. (Loud laughter.) Nevertheless, it was produced by one lady iu a solo. He could not say that it sounded out of tune with regard to tho accompaniment, because the latter souudod to him like three cocks aud four hens and a donkey all singing at the same lime — (great laughter) — and this lady, he was told, was paid at the rate of £o a night. Tho Impcrhil Institute authorities havo decided not to import im orchestra this your (says tlie 44 Orchestral Association Gazette"). Tho re:ison is stated to bo tlio loss which has accrued to tho Imperial Institute during tho past fow years by tho engagement of im ported orchestras, an admission which will probably surprise those who averred last yeay that these imported orchestras were engaged because they were cheaper than resident ones. It will bo a real surpriso to many to know that the cost of the Campanari orchestra last year was £-180 a week. Wo aro content to leave it to anyone experienced iu orchestral , enterprises to say whether £-lS0 a week is cheaper than could bo managed by engaging at home. Multiply £4S0 by a 13 weeks' season and you arrive at £6,2-10. In other words, if tho amounts speub by tho Imperial Institute on imported, orchestras hIuco tho first Strauss oue iu 1890 aro taken into con sideration, it will bo easy to estimate how much money this national institution hus sent out of the country. At Queen's Hull, London, on February 10, MadamoAlbani gavenfarevvell concert pre vious to her departure for South Africa (says tho Daily Mail. Professor Stanford's 44 To Dcum " was composed in honour (so tlio phrase goes) of Her Majesty's diamond jubilee, and it was performed tit tho Leeds Festival last year. Tho solo parts wero taken by Madamo Albnni, Miss Ada Crosslcy, Mt. Ed ward Lloyd, and Mr. tiantloy. It was heard for tho first timo in Londou on this occusiou, und met with tho most decided appreciation. 44 Tho Old Brigado " is over popular in England ; ; and in most euscs rightly so. Mr, Lloyd's voico — although ho has unnoiiuoed that lus retirement is imminent — is wonderfully strong and fresh; Mr. Santlcy remains a 44 savant " of his art; Miss Ada Crowley is young— a leaven, ns it were, of youth . Madame Albani, who ouco hud a wonderfully full voice, with but little artistry of mothod, lms now a voice that lias, from natural causes, lost its power, but nevertheless ono which makes un effect by reason of its increased .sympathy of endou vour. Tfiis is perhaps un enigmatical word of praiso ; but praiso is meant. 