III. A man left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by, and al- though I could not have been inside the gaol over live hours, it seemed as many weeks to me before Lieutenant Radson returned. " Phew !" he said, eyeing me intently. " You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way like this." ' Ought not ?" I echoed, bitterly. " Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin ?" " Come, come ! it's not so bad as all that," he added quickly. " I've a ques- tion or two to ask you. In the first place, why did you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream ?" " What do you mean ?" I cried ex- citedly. " Why this—that you no more killed your cousin than I did !" " What! Is Tom not dead ?" " Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found—wandering half-clad, and raving mad, upon the moor." " The real murderer!" I repeated vacantly. " Have no fear ; he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight. Of course, as soon as we missed him, the hue-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. He particularly, gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur- poses conceived by his crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not ac- countable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to blame " " But," I interposed hastily, " you have not told me who this madman is." " Why, it's the man you knew away in Jaffa—Wallace Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, and a brother of his reached Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin has of late been somewhat erratic in his behaviour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done, in a seizure of homi- cidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease with which the mur- der could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Cannan's theory." " Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers ?" " He came directly he heard of Tom's death. By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Can- nan's daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for yon. Aware that her father would probably discounte- nance any engagement between you and his child, because of your unsatisfac- tory position financially, Tom—the mag- nanimous fellow—even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on con- dition that Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no longer be needed ; equally, of course, Miss Cannan knew nothing of these pending negotiations." " And she ?" I murmured.; " Have you seen or heard anything of her ?" " Only that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about get- ting you out of this infernal hole, and if I might advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to his house, and set her at rest. Hark," added he, as foot- steps drew near the cell door, " here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off."— " Weekly Sun." 