Address at Norwood. On Tuesday evening, April 18, Arch I? bishop O'Reily addressed the Catholics of Norwood and adjacent districts in St. Ignatius' Church. Every seat in the build ing was occupied. The Archbishop said that the subject he would speak on had caused excitement;—an excitement which was altogether needless—and he wished to allay that excitement among those who did not belong to their own body. If the aims of the Catholics, and the methods by which' they hoped to secure those aims, were properly understood, there would be very little bitterness. It was said that South Australians were one people, had ene country, lived under one Constitution, and that South' Australian- children should therefore know but one school. They were one people, and they lived in one country,, a glorious one, which would be undoubtedly great some day. They enjoyed one Constitution; but one of the privileges secured to every citizen by that Constitu tion was that in religious matters he should be perfectly free. No man should say to another what that other should make an article o*f his creed. There was one ques tion which to many persons was not, but to others was, a religious question; and that was what ought to be the character of the schools to which they sent their children for education. About three-fourths of the people—if they accepted the numbers polled at the last referendum as a guide — said that the secular system was unobjectionable on conscientious grounds to them; but the remaining one-fourth of the people said that the schools, to comply with the moral and Divine law, must be religious schools— religion must prevail therein. The Angli cans in large numbers, the Lutherans in relatively larger proportions, and the Catho lics unanimously—he said unanimously, for he did not reckon the infinitesimally small portion of the Catholic body repre sented by a writer in that morning's " Advertiser" as Catholic at all—held that education must be religious, and that the parent did not do his duty to his child, or to his God, who sent his child to be else where educated than in a religious school. If the Constitution was to be interpreted as meaning all that it said, there was not, there could not be, any compelling reason why all their children should be educated in one school or one class of schools. He had been at pains to collect a few figures for their information. Those figures would show how determined the people of South Australia, in large numbers at any rate, were to assert the right the Constitu tion gave them of sending their children to what school their conscience deemed the best. Prom the Anglican "Year Book for 1898, he learned that there were 29 schools in the colony in which the Anglicans were educating 1,845 children of their own be lief. The Lutherans had 42 schools, and those, being principally in country places, had an average smaller attendance, the total number of pupils being 1,300. The Catholics had 55 schools last year, and 4,962 children were being educated in those schools at Catholic expense. Those figures showed that in all there were 126 schools in the Province in which were provided the blessings of a religious as well as a secular education for 8,107 little ones. Besides those primary schools there were several high schools, and it was a very significant fact that the chief at least amongst these institutions were denominational. They had Prince Alfred College for the Wesleyans, and St. Peter's for the Anglicans. Way College was under the auspices of the Bible Christian body. It was surely worthy of consideration that where the State Bystem did not provide the education parents wanted, and those parents were in a position to set up schools for themselves, they should take care that the schools they established were denomina tional. He honestly believed that if the parents of the whole of South Australia had to pay for the education of their child ren from to-morrow, and schools had to be erected by them at their own cost and not at the expense of the State, three-fourths of the children would in a few months be found not at secular but at denominational schools. He believed that the people of South Australia were a religious people, and that they desired the blessings of reli gion to be secured in the amplest form to the young. Denominationalism was no new thing to South Australia. At one time it was recognised by the State. The place of honor—he spoke under correction, and only so far as his researches went—in the record of work done for religious education be longed to the Lutherans. In 1839, within three years of the foundation of the colony, so impressed were they with the necessity for the recognition of religion in the training of the young, that they estab lished two schools—one at Glen Osmond and the other at Klemzig. In 1840 they started another school at Hahndorf, and two years later one at Bethany. The re cords in connection with the early work of Anglicans were not within his reach, but in 1888 the Anglicans had eleven schools, with 800 children on the rolls. Their own records were somewhat imperfect. In 1846 St. Patrick's Church was built, with the intention of subsequently turning it into a school so soon as the number of Catholics in the locality was large enough to allow of the erection of a more commodious place of worship. At about the same time Bishop Murphy, then visiting Ireland, tried to secure the services of a community of teaching brothers. In 1848 the Franklin ; Street School was being erected, And at that time two lay teachers, a schoolmaster •and fciB wife, were conducting a Catholic -school, Denominatiohalteln had come early toSontKAusliAlia. anclhad come tb ifeay. The Lutherkn schools showed nofcign of •decadence. Their German fellow-colonists were too sturdy and too Btaiincih . for , that. The JLnglicans had increased their schools and scholars during the past ten years to the extent of considerably -over 100 per cent., and within the past two years the Catholic body—represented "by good Dominican Sisters — had built the magnificent pile in Franklin Street at a cost of several thousands of pounds. The Marist Brothers had established themselves with a strong teaching staff at Port Ade laide, whilst only on the previous night he had given his sanction for the erection of -a school at Millicent, where a convent had already been juBt built. Moreover, arrange ments had been begun for the open ing of four more schools—three of them for boys under the charge of brothers—in the city and suburbs; and these schools would, he had little doubt, be all in working order within two years from the present date. Some of their opponents said that denomi national schools accentuated religious diffe rences, and that the Government would, by .recognising such schools, thereby streng then religious differences. He asked those people would the non-recognition by the State of denominational schools crush those schools out of existence? The answer must necessarily be " No." He hoped the schools of the Anglicans and the Lutherans were going to go on. He was sure the Catholic schools would go on. The denomi national schools had held their own from the nfancy of the colony, and they would con tinue to hold their own to the very end. Eight thousand children were attending those schools, and the parents of many of those children went themselves in their own childhood to schools conducted on similar lines, and they could remember what a sacrifice and struggle it had been for their parents in their own day, and was now for themselves, to find the needful funds. Could these parents feel anything but aggrieved with those who " scooped the pool," and applied the spoil for the bene fit of their own children, and left their neighbors to provide by extra outlay for the education of their little oneB ? It was said that the agitation was causing bitter ness, and that the Catholics were acting very criminally in keeping it up. Cri minally, indeed! Suppose he (the speaker) went into partnership with three ■others, and that the first year's transactions of the firm resulted in a profit of ,£400, and that the three others divided the money amongst themselves. Was he, because he protested against such action, to be called a downright, bad, mischief-making, quarrel some man P Call him (the Archbishop) what names they would, they would not stop him. Ho would still do everything he pos sibly could to keep their own money for the Catholic, Lutheran, and Anglican parents of the land. A writer in one of the news papers that morning hinted that he (the Archbishop) was seeking to provoke a civil war. God protect and save us! A nice warrior he would make at his age. Fancy him a general, leading an army of Catholics, equipped with mop-handles and broom- sticks, to attack our permanent defence force, our militia, and our volun teers ! The newspaper correspondent must have had a nurse who plentifully regaled him with stories of ghosts and hobgoblins at a time when his mental powers were un developed, with the result that he had suffered from nervousness and a chronically frightened fancy ever since. In concluding his address, the Archbishop said they had no immediate hope of gaining the grant for "their private schools. It would take some years before the consummation of their desires would come. But the sooner they began to strive for their rights, the sooner would those rights come. His pur pose, and the purpose of his people, so far as he knew their minds—and he had had amplest opportunities of learning their views during the past few weeks—was to use every right which the Constitution gave them to bring about the redress of their wrongs. They inteuded to force their case -on the attention of the public; to go on with their programme quietly, calmly, ■charitably but resolutely, and persever •ingly, until their end was gained. The Archbishop was listened to with the 'greatest attention. At the end those ■assembled tendered their thanks to him by ■acclamation for his address. 