The Ambulance. A THOUGHT IN THE SADDLE. I have been in many à fast run race, And have seen white splinters fly From the panels struck, when each rider's face Is set and his lips are dry, When the wind that blows from the heathery heights Comes not swifter nor more keen Than the thundering hoofs of a field that fights Where the stirrups flash and gleam. When a man must ride with head and nerve That is cool, and brave, and stout, As the gamest are apt to stop or swerve If the jockey be in doubt ; For those who are horsemen know right well That, in spite of brag and talk, When a fence is in front a horse can tell If the rider means to baulk. I know what it is, in a race half run, To feel the pull grow slack And to have to bustle a horse that's done At a panel too sound to arack When the foam that flies from his jaded lips Is staining the silk with wet, And his gallant blood each spur-head tips With the hot and crimson sweat. I've known in my time most that men can feel, On the flat or over sticks, When the whip-stung favourites away and reel, Where the colors flash and mix. But I tell you straight, though I've had my share Of falls where death may be found, For limb or life I had ne'er a care Till my coffin raced me round. Twas my luck to ride the day that they first Brought out the ghastly thing, And I, as it happened, was up on the worst Of mounts - on a brute named Sting. A horse that I felt would give me a fall Were the pace made slow or fast, For he shied like the deuce at its dead white pall sAs the waggon lumbered past. To stand in the course like a grim, grey ghost, Or a lean-limbed bird of prey, Watching its victims who stood at the post, Waiting to hear, " They're away!" The flag went down, and I dashed to the front Twas the only way he'd race, For though he was slow at the heel of a hunt At first he'd a field outpace, He went at his fence like one at a brook, Altho' it was stiff and sound, As he struck fore and aft I chanced to look The waggon was rolling round. God knows, I had plenty to think of and do, Sitting and keeping up straight ; But, spite of myself, forever in view, Glittered the wheels of my fate. So round and round, in a course of its own It waited and watched its prey, For although the field had smaller grown, Each jock had got clean away. But as he raced for the fence at the bend (The ambulanoe racing too) ; I felt that with me it was "bellows to mend," And somehow I fancied lt knew. Swaying and hungry it hurried across, As though some one's die was cast ; And so it was, for my bad-headed horse " Turned turtle" with me at last. It carried me in - at least, so they say Thia waggon, ghastly and weird, That had haunted a heart with dread that day Which little before had feared. Men boast of meeting and talking with death Mid scenes of carnage and strife, When their blood, is up and the battle's breath Has fired the calm of their life, But, I ask their best, could any man face Grim doom under aspect worse Than when riding a three mile steeplechase In company with his hearse. KENNETH MACKAY. 