Miscellaneous Mail News. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — The ex-Empress Eugenie has been celebrating her 73id birthday. M'Gill University, Montreal, hai conferred the degree of LL.D. upou Mr. Kipling. Mr. Carnegie, the Scottish- American iron and iteel king, is tetinug from business. His wealth, esti mated at £40,000,000, will, it ia said, be mainly de voted to philanthropy. He uss already expended about £12,000,000 lot the good of humanity. Admiral Dewey sent a cheque for £2 towards a certain fun A. The chanua anicklv fonnrl a. mirahnaar for £80. The Queen's new yacht Victoria and Albert, which is bu It of steel aud copper, will replace the ttoyal yacht launched in 18551 she has a length of 380 feet, and Las a displacement of 4,700 tons, with engines of 11,000 horsepower. All the wood used in the vessel's construction is by chemical process ren dered uninflammable. Mr. Rider Haggard, in a paper read before the Norfolk Chamber of Agriculture, said thp real cause of the agricultural exodus was tbat tbe laud could rot pay a sufficient wage. He thought that wilhm the next few years a great deal of tbe pooier soil would go cut of cultivation, while such land as re mained would be cultivated by machinery. He imagined that England would be Bpottea in tbe future with large cities, suriounded by market gardens, and beyond these great Btretcb.es of ??veldt.' At the Lincolnshire hiring fair in Spaldiug there was a remarkable dearth of domestic seivants and farm hands. Although higher wages were offered than perhaps ever before, the supply far from equalled the demand. It was explained by tbe mwner in which young people drift towards the large towns. A pair of robins have built their nest in the letter box en a garden gate at Windsor. The ben aits on tbe eggs with tbe letters falliog about her. Two pain of wood-pigeons have built their nests in the C.ty. A long wooden bos, which had been consigned by rail from Middlesbrough to London as ' theatrical property,' on being opened at KingVcross station was found to contain a coffin. It transpired that tbe body of an actor, who died on tour, hau thus been transferred to his wife and family, in - rder to save expense. The cost of the carriage of the case was 16b, whereas the removal of the body over the same distance would have been £11. A married woman, neaily 70 years old, who had been blind for 30 years, underwent an operation for cataract in Leeds infirmary, which has completely restored her sight. She had baiied two sons without ever seeiug them. An Italian physician has invented a new cure for cjnsufLptiou, which is based on inhalation of the gas proluced by a powerful antiseptic called for nulina. He c'aims to hive cured several cjnBump tives. For-nalina has fir some time been regarded as fatal to the bacillus of consumption, but hitherto no means have beea found of administering it with out killing the patient. During an excavat'ou it Beachy Head 2,000 valu able Roman coins were accidentally discovered. A domestic, who hai been suffering from iiiflueoza, during a fit of insanity, left her bedroom window in Ler nightdress and clambered on to the roof of a five-story house in West Londou. An awe-stricken crowd assembled in the street, and upjn these she coolly gazed, standing upon the veiy edge of tbe parapet. Policemen and firemen were summoned, aud after much persuasion the girl was enticed within reach and secured. A manufacturer was sentenced at the Old Bailey tosix months' imprisonment for endeavouring to bribe a receiver from the Metropolitan Police to pass helmets of au inferior quality. A well-dressed woman has been sentenced to a month's imprisonment for riding by train from Northampton to Peterborough without having paid borfare. She had previously been convicted between GO aud 70 time i for the as me offence. Her usual practice was to travel under the carriage seat. A gipsy was commitle 1 for trial at Bournemouth charged with fraudulently obtaining money. It was said tbat she bad sold rat and beetle ' poison ' which, not only did ' not kill, but which the rats actually enjoyed and the beetles fattened on. The Probate Court presumed the death of Major Baker, who was oi e of the victims of the Stella disaster. The major was accompanied by his daughter, and as the vessef was settling down be called out to somebody ou a boat, which was being put off, to make room for his daughter. One gentleman nobly gave up nis place to the young lady and stepped back on to the ship. In a few minutes the vessel went down, the father and the unknown gentleman perish - iu» together. A wife in America who has begun an action for divorce from her husband claims that the ghost of her husband'6 first wife iufests the bouse and makes her miserable. Ten Southern! lifeboatmen in tbe City of London Court claimed £300 for salvage services iu saving a barge in a storm and rescuing the three men on board. Tbe defeucj was that the vessel was not in any real danger, Bnd that £10 paid into court would recompense the lifebaatmen. The Judge, in awarding tbe plaintiffs £80, said that when lifeboatmen saved life with one of the Society's boats, however meri torious the service, no claim could be made. An Indian reservation in Colorado was thrown open to settlers at an appointed hour, and 15,000 immigrants made a rush to secure land. For weeks previously settleis camped along the border. At tbe sound of a bugle men started on their mad race on horseback, lcaviug their wives and families to come on by waggons. The Indians bad been com pensated for the Iosb of their property. It is stated that the Soudau will be thrown of en to traders aud others without restriction as soon as tbe railway to Khartoum is finished, which will be about the middle of September next. Europeans will be free to acquire land, and a Government land registry will be established. A tax of 20 per cent will be charged by the Government on gums, ivory, and feathers, the products of the couutry. A number of Chicago women have formed them selves into a '?Good Health Club.' They will oppose the wearing of stays. 