Parramatta District Convention. ? ! The second Convention of the Parra matta Synod came off in Penrith on Tuesday and Wednesday, 16th and 17th inst., and, like the preceding one at Camden, was a means of blessing to all \- those who attended. It was carried out on lines identical with the first, with the addition of a plain tea for nn/) o nnoli'mmantr rtraica on/] Tioibuio auu m pioiiLuiuu^j auu prayer meeting each evening. The Bible reading, too, was varied by the discussion following it, in which those who chose to do so could take part. The hour for opening was timed to suit visitors arriving by train on the after noon. Good congregations gathered at the afternoon and evening sessions, and a gracious manifestation of the Divine presence characterised them throughout. The Rev. J. E. Carruthers, chairman of the District, preached an inaugural ser mon, both able and edifying, on Rev. i. 18, ' Our ever living Head,' after which some 40 persons partook of the Lord's Supper, administered by all the ministers in attendance. The ensuing session was devoted to the topic ' Pen tecost,' Rev. W. H. Beale speaking on the promise 'Ye shall receive power; ' Eev, J. Hopkins taking after him a line of thought suggested by prayer ' with one accord in one place.' Rev. G. Thompson following on in the thread with power ' All filled with the Holy Ghost.' The speakers were in good form, the hearers in hearty accord with tbe subject treated, and all through audible responses were evoked every now and again from a sympathetic de votional audience. The morning session of the next day was devoted to a con sideration of the Century Commemora tion Fund. The organising secretary was present to inspire the movement, and a very helpful stimulus to a united district effort arranged for the 8th August was the result. In that after noon session Rev. W. H. Beale gave a lengthy, interesting, and profitable Bible reading on ' Qualifications for Christian service,' followed by the Chairman, and Revs. A. Swift and E. King. The evening session succeeding was one of blessed sanctified thought and suggestion. Mr. W. H McClelland, Revs. G. Thompson and J. Hopkins were particularly lucid in their ex position of the topics assigned them. The main theme to which each spoke wag 'Witnessing and Working.' A fervent consecration address Was given by Mr. F. J. Hocking, and the final moments' of the convention wound up with a general consecration praise and prayer service. Stamp all your money with the image of King Jesus. * ♦ Do your best to make your circuit figure worthily when the minimum promises are made. 