Dining and finance- Adelaide, Tuesday Evening. The market during the past week has continued active, a very considerable volume of business taking place daily. Prices have fluctuated very much, and in many instances retrogression is shown rather than advancement. The principal features of the week have been a sharp rise in South Kalgurlis, and a heavy fall in Oroyas upon the week's quotations, after violent intermediate fluctuations. A week ago they closed at 40s. 6d., since when they have been as low as 28s. 6d. in London, and 31s. here, rising again to 39s. 6d. in London, and 37s. 6d. here, falling this morning as low as 30s. 9d., with some recovery since. The first fall was owing to the supposition that the lode had been struck in the new shaft on the Oroya boundary proving incorrect; the high assays referred to last week having come from a vein which the bore was stated to have passed through. Latterly, however, heavy selling has taken place of the shares in consequence of the less favorable appearance of the Australia East lode on the boundary. It is not stated whether the lode shows any signs of narrowing, but the general impression is that it does so, while it is definitely stated that values have fallen to one oz. or under, which, seeing that there are 200,000 shares in the Company makes the stock quite high enough at 30s. to 35s., unless general improvement takes place in the Associateds had a weak market in the early part of the week on account of a lower return than anticipated from ore sent to the smelters, the average being about 2 ozs. 15 dwts., whereas 4 ozs. was officially expected. Shares at one time touched £6, since when, however they have been in good demand, chiefly on London account, and have improved again to £6 8s. Great Boulders have ranged between 23s. and 22s. 6d., with a tendency to ease at the close, London price falling back to that of Adelaide. It is now generally understood that Koneman's method of treating the tailings has proved a failure. It must, however, be remembered that this does not in any way decrease the value of the property, while the immediate effect on the stock has been to a great extent discounted. « • • Lake View Consols and Ivanhoes were quoted ex-dividend on the 8th inst., and though prices eased at first, they have since recovered to about quotations ruling cum dividend ; the advance in Consols being more marked than that in Ivanhoes. Boulder Main Reefs firmed with very little trade, from 33s. to 35s. Chaffers keep fairly steady in the region of 8s. Scrip for this stock is still very scarce in Australian markets. Boulder No. l's have fluctuated between 13s. 6d. and 10s. 6d., improving again to about opening prices. Kalgurlis have sold under £7, with very little trade, and no news of any importance from the mine. Norths still keep quiet at 13s to 13s. 6d. Hainaults strengthened to 25s. 6d. on the satisfactory developments on the western lode in the South Kalgurli at the 200-ft. level. Brookmans have been dull at between 10s. 6d. and lis. Perseverance and South Kalgurlis show the principal advance of the week, the former being in steady demand throughout, with moderate fluctuations up to 93s. While South Kalgurlis a week ago were only worth about 41s.; they have since been as high as 50s. 9d. in London, and 49s. here, closing at about 47s. General improvement has taken place in the mine, more particularly in the 400-ft. level driving south, and in the striking of the western lode at the 200-ft. level. These shares, with only 100,000 in the Company issued, can be set down as amongst the safest speculations in Kalgoorlie stocks at the present time. Lake View Souths have been quiet at about 19s. 9d. all the week ; on Monday, however, they firmed to 20s. 10jd., closing at about 20s. ; no news of any importance from the mine. Banks have firmed a little, but are being traded in to a very small extent. Mints eased back from 9s. 9d. to 8s. 6d., closing a little firmer. Central and West Boulder shares are again in demand with sales up to 15s. 9d. In outside stocks Margarets are wanted at lis. 6d., and Margaret Southshave improved from 6d. to Is. on the striking of another patch of free gold. Premiers advanced to 14s. 6d. buyers, while Premier Souths moved from 3d. to about 5d. on considerable buying for the field, easing since to 3d. on expectations of a call. Queensland Menzies remain steady at about 13s., and Lady Marys at lis. 9d. to 12s., while Princess Royals are firm at 17s. 6d. to 18s. Golden Bars were taken at Is. 8d. to Is. 9d., and Bayley's United have had some enquiry at about 2s. 9d. The market generally, is somewhat uncertain, many fearing the Koneman's nonsuccess at the Boulder may have a very detrimental effect in London ; while the continued uncertainty regarding the success of the Lake View Consols sulphide plant is causing a good deal of anxiety with regard to all the leading mines. It should not be overlooked, however, that the Boulder Company will still have their tailings intact, whether Koneman is a success or not, and that at the worst it only means a little delay, and the probable cancellation of the much talked of contract; while, were there much danger of the Lake View Consols plant not being ultimately successful, it is hardly likely that London would continue to absorb all the shares available at present prices, not only in this company, but in most other leading stocks. * * * Bonnie Charlie North has only 31,000 live shares. In a winze down, to water level the reef is reported t-o be 4ft. thick and gold-b§aring. On the strength of this shareholders are assured the manager is of opinion the mine will prove a good one below water level. It is always thus. There are 182,424 shares on the Adelaide register of the Associated Gold Mines. * * * Said that Kalgoorlie now owns the bulk of the shares in the Golden Zone, which has got on to a vein of ore at the 200ft. level that is wired to bulk 30dwt. The lode in the 400ft. level is reported to look promising, but the prospects cannot be too good judging by the market for the stock. The wire hummer has done his best to put a boost on these shares, and though they had a slight spirt, prices have got back to nominal quotations. * * * Apropos of the Bank of England small return THE CRITIC'S Kalgoorlie correspondent says:—It seems to be generally recognised that the gold's there right enough, and good gold too, but the plant is entirely incompetent to extract it from the stone. The Boulder Main Reef will probably be the second to get sulphide works going, although the Hannan's Star plant will be started no time after. The first-named mine, by the way, will shortly be opened up at 400ft. At 275ft. the body was of dividend value for more than 14ft. while somewhere iu the level are the richest telluride veins hereabouts. It remains for this sort of thing to be met with at 400ft. Then the B.M.R. joins the regular div. list. Rumor says an amalgamation between Great Boulder No. 1 and the South Kalgurli will shortly take place. Hard to believe; so what are the South Kalgurli crowd after? The reason of the increase in capitalisation of the South Kalgurli from 80,000 to 150,000 shares was mysterious, and I wo uld rather see decent equipment and d< yelopment done than the financing of thady bargains. * # # Two big yields: Golden Horseshoe, 2705 tons, 6214ozs. 3dwts.; 1108 tons cyanide, 2306ozs. ldwt.; 30 tons concentrates, 480ozs. Ivanhoe: 5090 tons, 5338 ozs. 4dwts.; 3272 tons cyanide, 1800ozs., I7dwts. Yield, 7299ozs. ldwt. The two yields are worth nearly <£70,000. Pleasant talk. * # * Mr. A. G. Ilolroyd, one of the early metallurgists on Kalgoorlie, is making a collection of West Australian ores for display at the Coolgardie Exhibition, and afterwards it is thought the collection will be. moved on to the Paris show of 1900\. Mr. Holroyd has only a month or so in which to complete his task, but as the mining co.'s are taking an interest in the work the result should be a really representative and fine exposition of the ores from Kalgoorlie and other fields. Experienced mining visitors to the Norseman are strong in their condemnation of the tin pot methods that prevail on the Adelaide worked mines. There is no attempt to develop on a big scale, and the operations may be likened to a man attempting to shift a mountain with a wheelbarrow. The prospects all round are excellent, but until the days of fiddling are dropped for a more vigorous and defined policy the mines are not likely to make any big show. One of the best shows on the field—the Kirkpatrick's Consolidated—is badly crippled for want of enterprise on the part of the management. THE CRITIC is assured that it has a chance second to none there. The reefs so far exposed run from lOin. to 18in. wide, and good to average from 15 to 20dwts. * * * The Royal Dane, Norseman Reward and New No. 1 North Norseman are properties that will never pay under separate management, and it is suggested that they should be amalgamated. Under one head the trio would have a chance of making their way, and the shareholders would considerably benefit by the change. None of the shows are hopeless as prospects go. Manager Deeble, whom general report speaks highly of, reckons the No. 1 is a fair 15dwt. mine, but the writer is more inclined to class it at lOdwts. The aforesaid trio would make one good mine, and shareholders are urged to combine their interests. If not they will wait a long time for payable results. * # # The Norseman Gold Mines (British), the only property at all developed on an elaborate scale. Co. has J miles on the reef. Manager estimates he will mine and mill for 25s. per ton, so an average return of lOdwts. will pay. Mine equipped with 20 head of stampers weighing 1,0401b. each, and capable of breaking 1,500 to 2,000 tons a month. * * * The Break o' Day, owned by an Adelaide syndicate of seven, is doing well, turning out 3oz. millings from a 3ft. reef Present depth 150ft., and a lot of good stone in sight. The Cumberland is a property that should pay. A great deal of money is being wasted on Mount Benson. Carting the stone to a mill is a heavy expense, and altogether the co. is badly placed, to make money out of the claim. Summed up, a heap of money has been wasted at the Norseman in doing useless work. This is due to the inexperienced men sent over to manage the mines, and unless more efficient and concentrated management is installed the outlook for the companies operating there is none too bright. 6 * # # Queen Margaret South: "Have struck very rich stopes 70 ft. level; obtained 100 ozs. free gold." If there's more like it, the more the merrier. Shares are dirt One of the New Directors of B.H. Junction. cheap under the shilling, and as a gamble are worth handling. The prosperity of the Queen Margaret must eventually help the South, so a purchase of these shares may prove profitable. * * * Cumberland, Norseman, just completing a parcel of 500 tons to mill. Expected to average the ounce. Shares very tired at 1/2, and those readers who like a cheap flutter, might with advantage pick up a parcel. What keeps this mine back is said to be the inefficient management. It is only being pig- rooted. * * * At the general meeting of the Associated Gold Mines in London, on December 9,. Chairman Judd paid a well-deserved tribute to Mr. George Brookm&n;, " man of immense experience, shrewd and reliable," and that it was ''satisfactory to know that we have in Mr. Brookman a man who can effectually do the work he has to do." Judd also paid a just tribute to General Manager Irwin, as a "man in whom we have the greatest confidence." The advances made by the Associated to the Bottomley group were discussed at the annual meeting. " How did the sundry advances amounting to £130,000 at the date of the closing of these accounts arise?" asked the chairman. That was surplus money that the board were anxious to " put to the best possible use." To keep the Market Trust afloat of course! The amount, he stated', had since been reduced in the one case by £13,550, and in the other £54,000. The money earned that way had nearly paid the whole of the London office expenses. Sofar there is no proof that these advances are sound, and it is indeed a peculiar proceeding for the Associated to go lending money that it justly required for development work. It is an instance of the way London boards jeopardise the interests of shareholders in their efforts to support some of their cronk friends with cronk companies. The question of the advance gave the brazen-faced Bottomly a chance to pose again. He gave the history of the loan transaction and offered, if the co. would give up all the profit it had made out of the loans, to pay off the whole of the advances in seven days. It was good bluff, and the crowd took it cheerfully. The chairman said the co. had ample security, the market prices of the securities exceeding the advances by more than 25 per cent. Judging from the tone of the meeting, the Board will not make further advances to its bosom friends. * * * Notes : Hannan's Eureka has had three months exemption. Reefer's Eureka has about £600 in hand, and the Boulder Central £2.000 to credit. Maritana Central has 71,125 shares forfeited. Boulder Consols No. 1 has 70 ft. to go to reach the 300 ft., when a crosscut will be sent in to locate the lode. Boulder Half-Mile South rock-drilling plant ready for work. Victory United reef at 400 ft. is 2 ft. thick, with 9 inches of quartz; mill crushing full time. Photo, bv Hammer, Adelaide. MR. S. G. WARD, Member of the Stock Exchange of Adelaide. Photo, by Fruhling, MR. J. S. FRASER, Adelaide. Lady Mary, Norseman* 568 tons for 603 ozs. 4 dwts. Getting down to the ounce average. * * # Advices from the Boulder No. 1 do not show any great improvement in the value of the lode recently cut,- official assays give it as 15 dwts. * * * The intention of the Boulder Perseverance to employ another process for the treatment of its sulphide ores does not speak in favor of the methods employed on the other big mines. By the way it is whispered that Konemann'u process failed to extract more than 20 p. c. of the ore from the tailings. * * * Lake View Consols for the month :—6,813 tons for 4,750 ozs. 8 dwts; Cyanide, 3,362 tons for 2,488 ozs. 7 dwts.; Filter Press, 2,347 tons for 802 ozs. 12 dwts. Total-, 8,042 ozs 7 dwts. That 10,000 ozs a month seems to be some distance off yet. * * * Directors Campbell and Sheppard express themselves enthusiastically over the prospects of the North Mine, in the southern section. At 570ft. level lode was driven on 185ft. from Junction North boundary almost due east. There's a theory that if it continues on the same course it will go east of the main shaft, where the ground is entirely virgin. # * * Junction North 850ft. level is opening np north and south in excellent prospects. In about three weeks time shaft-sinkhrg vill be resumed from 850ft. downwards. * # # Junction prospects have lately improved materially. At the deepest level, southward, lode is widening beyond anticipations. Manager Joel Phillips' calculation of 170,000 tons of ore in this block of ground (to the 550ft. level) promises to be borne out, if not improved on: One shot at the 150ft. level here tlxe other day broke 600 tons of ore, a splendid thing for the men who had contracted to break. * * * Howell's shaft, British, has gone down to the 400ft. level, and an exploratory cross-cut has been started westward. An official prediction: "The South Mine, in two years time, will be the second biggest mine on the Barrier." THE CRITIC doesn't go quite so far, but it sees a brilliant future ahead of the mine. * * # Lucky purchases of Block 10 zinc tailings are providing Messrs. Smith and Amschel with a fat profit now that metal has jumped so strongly. They have already got tlieir purchase-money back from the Block 10 heap, and it is computed they will net over £50,000 # profit * on the deal. One of the least of the B.H. co.'s paid its last div. out of an overdraft. It is not good nor safe business to pay away- prospective profits, especially when tliey are earned by the skin of the teeth. Look at the B.H. Junction. There's an instance of tlie folly of divvying every penny without heed of the future. Mines like the South would be doing wisely in building up a big reserve in preference to making a heavy -div. splash. Idea of employing more highly- qualified mine managers is strongly forcing itself on the minds of at least two Barrier 'boards. They are finding that the men who rise from the ''face" have not the brains to adequately grasp the complexities of the conditions that are becoming more apparent every day in working the Barrier • ores. * # Recent visitors to the B.H. North are convinced there is a good future before it in the south end. The shares have hardened a shade, and should do better later on. Pinnacle Directors have taken over the new Luhrig concentrating plant by now perfected. Shortage of water will limit operations tremendously for a while; and "internal troubles" may prove a further hindrance. Mine seems to be particularly unlucky in the matter of "quarrels/' Quarrels is a nice vague word, sometimes. # # # B.H. South turned out 14,100 tons of concentrates for the December six months. Also distributed £20,000 in dividends. * # # South report is short, and shorn of all information. What the prospects of the mine are is not stated. Fortunately CBITIC readers are kept up to date in this parti- cular. The pen of the* Laughton is very pronounced in the paragraph touching on the water question. Constant rubbing, &c.;, eh? " But the chances of the Yanco Glen scheme are very infinitesimal. # * * Golden Record scrippers (Wadnaminga) are asking questions, seemingly with cause. Fancy starting what ought to have been (and may be yet) a big mine with •£1,000 working capital. Stone treated went l£ozs., but after working abont 90 tons the reef disappeared. Shareholders are now apparently annoyingly inquisitive about that disappearance! However, the resolved-on increase of capital may rediscover it. * .# * B.H. Water Supply profit for six months ending December was £15,760 Os. 5d. Dry weather increases the co.'s profits about 20 per cent. # # # Four Melb. banks netted £10,000 over the floating of the Metro. Board of Works loan, besides a premium on the price the loan was underwritten for. Out of the £500,000 subscribed, over £200,000 went to pay off bank overdrafts. The banks thus changed a loan into a negotiable security, and got a bonus in addition. Yet Fitzgibbon thinks he is a financier! # # # Vic. bank shares are stronger than ever since the reconstruction. Cause: The brightest prospects for earning interest. Nationals improving, and Commercial Bank deposits are selling at 19s., and the Assets Trust (which covers the old liabilities) going at 16s. The ability of the Commercial to pay its way should be a big thing to Yic. # # # Good movement in Mt. Lyell Blocks, another co. in which Crotty had 26,000 shares. Last week over 8,000 were sold in two days. The co. is to be the subject of another watering deal in London by the Jacks, Mackay, Lonergan crowd. * * * "Johnnie" Isaacs, Vic. M.L.A., is a great mining punter. He was lunching with the visiting Premiers the other day when "Alick" Peacock passed by. "Oh, I say," yelled Johnny, "What's wrong with Central Leads." That's what everybody is asking. This mine has been going to do great things for ages past, but it never gets to the bright point. # # * Victorian Gold Estates, holding 11,000 acres of the finest Vic. alluvial country, has started the pumping and winding ma- £350,000. London and Globe "pup," and cliinery erected on No. 1 shaft. Capital despite the croakings of Hess, and other London writers, it has an excellent chance.. * # * Mount Mercers are down to 7s. 9d., the fact of a call having further depressed them. Just as the stock was too high before, it is now too low. Alleged that the Long Tunnel is encroaching on the Extended ground. For this reason Tunnels have the droop. Sales £108. * * # New Loch Fyne cyanide plant is now under the charge of a Charters Towers expert, one M'Farlane. Co. has 30,000 tons to treat at a nice profit per month. The Duke crowd's ventures are interesting reading. Duke United, North Duke, and Chalk's Threes, and South German Deep; delightfully in and out stock, and now the same lot are "negotiating" the Crown Lyell sale. If it comes off the last state of the Crown will be worse than the first. • • • The prospectus of the Mt. Lyell Comstock Copper co. recently floated in London by D. J. Mackay and others in the Crotty group, is a gorgeous whoop, and will astonish Melb. people in the parent co. Out of the capital of £500,000 the vendors took £400,000, leaving £100,000 available for working capital. Out ot that the directors and friends applied for £30,000, and £20,000 were offered for subscription, balance being reserve!. The "massive hematite outcrop" "which has fooled several local companies is spoken of as having a width of over 160ft., and as establishing the presence of a iarge ore body. The ore body now being worked is "five chains long and 80ft. wide/' proved for 50ft. deep. Calculated there is 145,000 tons of ore in sight, and at average assay value is worth £4 16s. per ton. "There is consequently nearly £400,000 worth of ore now fairly to be calculated on." Great Ghosts! Moreover an annual output of 100,000 tons is said to.be sure, and to give an annual profit of £275,000. THE CHITIC would like to bet there is not the quantity of ore in sight the crowd say there is. Also if the Comstock is such a big thing, why do the Melb. people fight shy of the shares? The Comstock is only a prospecting show, and the aforesaid estimates are hardly to be relied on. Mr. David Tweedie, late of Adelaide, and now of Great Amwell House, is a director of the Comstock. * # * • - Dr. Gaze, Dr. Bill of the gruesome Melbourne boot-trunk horror, was in the cyanide biz. before he took to the Polypathic Institute and the clairvoyant-surveillance of "Professor" Friedmann, always funning some "quack" affair. He wrote a' hand- book of the cyanide process which has its points. It is mostly a compilation of writings in the technical press, and contains many practical hints for the amateur and the practical cyanider. He plumps for the use of charcoal instead of zinc for attracting the gold from the solution. Charcoal is undoubtedly the best as far as the resultant bullion is concerned. The zinc gets into the bullion if it is used, and has to be extracted. The charcoal bullion contains only gold and silver, and whatever traces of base metal are associated with the native gold. * * * One of the shareholders at the Melbourne Gas Co.'s half-yearly meeting, waxing bold over the forthcoming dividend and the good outlook generally, declared that if the public had only known earlier the virtues of the Wellsbach burner the electric light would never have got a hold on Melbourne, which, according to this authority, is not nearly so well lit as Sydney (recently visited by him), "especially in the back streets and alleys." Which remark is suggestive. But the growing favor of incandescent gas lamps is certainly noteworthy. * * # Chairman M'Crea is still speaking "hopefully of the prospects of the Buffalo Hydraulic" (Vic.). The writer forgets how many years ago this hydraulic sluicer was going to be a gorgeous gold winner. Its prospects are not by any means hopeful, in fact the chances are 100 to 1 against it ever making more than expenses. * # * Apropos of the Western Tharsis (Lyell) the manager is "well pleased with the prospects of the mine." What a good old gag to keep the cat going on I * * =r? Zeehan and Dundas railway, which has burnt the fingers of so many Melb. investors, at last appears to have the prospect of making profits. A new working agreement with the Tas. railways fixed up, and that, it is thought, will enable the co. to more than pay its way, and turn the present loss into profit. # # # Mt. Lyells have improved to £8/17, and should be helped up further by the improvement in the south drive, No. 5 tunnel. Output for tlie month shows a return of 481 tons blister copper, 55,912ozs. silver, l,984oz. gold. Complaints are being made that the aforesaid development was known to the directors several days before it was made public. Of course the inference is that the directors and their friends were thus enabled to scoop the market. So as to avoid these suspicions, it is necessary that any information should be at once given out to shareholders. However, no matter how squara the directors may be, there are always people ready to suggest that they are working early news for their own pocket. * * # North Mount Lyells are not sharing in the general buoyancy of the copper stocks. Stand steady at 64/. As far as development work is concerned the mine has achieved a fine position, the quantity of high grade ore in sight being very large, leaving no doubt that the mine, when equipped with smelters, and regularly producing, will be a steady div. payer. Up to date over 15,000 bags of ore sent to London, and the assays have proved so good that McArtliur and the rest of the London crowd in Norths are feeling very sanguine of the future. THE CRITIC tip to buy Lyell Tliarsis has shown good results, sales having been made up to 31/. The ropeway is about completed, and this will at once enable the Tharsis to commence the output of ore. The co. has a small capital, and if the ore pans -jut to sampling, the profits should soon put it on the div. list. A good parcel of Tharsis shares were placed in London by Broker George Muedell, and, though prospects were a long time against the mine, those who held must feel pleased with the profits the market shows on the purchase. # # * Lyell blocks have bumped up to 11/4J, and, as usual, the operators talk of putting them to 30/. THE CRITIC would not care to be a ec bull" of Blocks. Certainly the co. has the chance of a re-float in London, out of which Melb. scrippers may make money, but the prospects of ore developments are none too chippy. Lonergan, on whom the mantle of Uncle Crotty has fallen, holds the view once expressed by the latter, that the Blocks will get a branch of ore from the North Mt. Lyell. Anyway, that wouldn't tempt the writer to hold his shares if prices displayed a nice profit. The ubiquitous Duff—lie of King Lyell and other seedy shows—once held a big interest # in # the # Blocks. Bendigo Notes: Hustler's Eeef No 1 has had sales up to 7s. ljd. The directors decided to sink the shaft another lift. A crosscut is being driven along the Comet boundary, and may meet the run of spurs any day now. M'Duff co. has proved the reef to be 84ft. from the Golden Pyke boundary. Spring Gully Junction passed through 12ft. of stone in the shaft, showing fair gold. Princess Alexandria lias cut 6ft. of stone in the 2012ft. cross-cut. A lava intersected the stone, and beyond it the co. has bored into solid stone. Shamrock not seeing so much gold in the end of the level, although the first stope still looks well. Unity, about finished sinking, and at 2170ft. has commenced cross-cutting for the Carlisle reef. When the Carlisle struck this reef it was lin. thick, and widened out to 3ft. when risen on, and it now shows good gold. * * # The Lonergan-Madden section are also behind the push in North Lyell Consolidateds. Again THE CRITIC would warn the public against gravel shows like the Queen Lyell, Prince Lyell, North Crown Lyell, &c.; # * * Adelaide dailies are using every effort to stimulate a copper boom, but while many claims are being repegged and reworked, the investors are not showing any disposition to nibble at the shows being hawked round. There is plenty of talk, but the solid cash is not in evidence. John Richards' series of "Register" articles on Peninsular mining have been interesting, but they have simply told the story of the old claims and have not unearthed any promising 1 investments. * # * Stated the Parramatta (.£40,000 div. payer), 'Wheal Hughes and Wheal James, tlu*e Wallaroo copper mines, are bonded to a British co. To be hoped Bull will do better than the original holders. The Mid- Moonta, recently put off in London with a heavy head weight of <£130,000, has never done anything beyond showing a little copper pyrites at 130ft. It is not a property THE CRITIC would put its money into. * * # The Hamley, the only mine outside the Moonta to keep going on the Y.P., has in the deepest level 5ft. of ore worth 1£ tons of 20 per cent, ore to the fathom. In prosperous days the Hamley divd. <£58,000, and the directors wisely built up a strong reserve, which kept the mine going in the lean years. With brighter prospects prevailing the Hamley should soon be heard of again. ° # # * Wallaroo and Moonta Copper co. has decided to increase the wages of its miners by JO per cent from May 1, provided copper does not drop belv,v dfv) a ton. The co. has fixed a three years contract for the sale of its copper at something over <£60 a ton. ^ Land at Henley Beach, the popular seaside resort, is being quietly absorbed. Within the past week Henley Beach Estate disposed of <£1,800 worth of land. A * * # Mr. Francis H. Snow has secured, on behalf of Messrs. Aron Hirsch and Son, of Halberstadt, Germany, the whole of the Wallaroo and Moonta M. & S. co. s output of refined copper (estimated at 4,000 to 4,500 tons annually) for a period of three years. Stevedoring is evidently a very profitable business. Mr. Kingston, in his Harrold address, said the Adelaide Stevedoring co., on an outlay of .£883, in five years returned an average profit of 116 per cent., the Australasian Stevedoring Co., at Port Pirie, capital £1,224, in five years averaged 102 per cent., one year as much as 150 per cent, being earned. Likewise the Queen's Wharf, held by Harrold, Simpson, and Howard Smith, in five years returned 55 per cent, per year. * * # Messrs. D. & W. Murray, one of the oldest S.A. softgoods houses, have bought the business of L. Stevenson & Sons, Melb., for £18,000 cash and £32,000 in £5 pref. 5£ p. c. shares of Murray & Co. This firm was turned into a limited co. some time ago, but none of the shares * were # issued • to the public. Edwin Elliott & Thomson, Sharebrokers, of 377, Collins-street, Melbourne, issue an Investors' Guide monthly, containing list of trading and mining companies, market reports, calls, dividends, &c.; They will forward copy of the Guide to any addresa on application. 