The Jewish Press. Let us not deceeive ourselves. w e are in danger of estranging many Zionists : we are on the road to action. This reason may seem paradoxical, but those who know the Jewish spirit will not be surprised at it. It is one of our marked characteristics, that our thoughts outrun our deeds with gigantic strides. We are inclined to sow our ideas, as nature scatters her seeds broadcast, and leave them to fate and chance. It gives us more satisfaction to BUUri/ WIl/U VUO jJUJ3O.LUJUJ.bJ U.UJ.1XICUJJ.U 1U Ot UlJUUgllU than to look the stern reality of an irrevocable deed in the face. When the liberating word was first uttered, it flashed like lightning into every noble heart, and in a few weeks ardent enthusiasm had carried the Zionistic idea to the most distant corners of the earth. . . . Drawing a long breath, the oppressed mur mured : The new, the long looked for time has come. . - . Ot these enthusiasts, not a few, if they do net take up a hostile position to the Zionist of to-day, are indifferent to it. What has happened in the meantime to damp their ardour? What has brought about the change in the convictions er in the feelings of these sometime Zionists ? The explanation is simple : They shrink from the step from thought to deed ? Hamlet is Judaism. ... ' Remember thee ! Ay, thou poor ghost, while memory holds a seat In this distracted globe. Remember thee ! Yea, from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, AH saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, That youth and observation copied there ; And thy commandment all alone shall live; Within the book and volume of my brain, Unmix'd with baser matter. A few weeks pass, and the thinker begins to put subtle interpretations upon his father's admonition. He talks wisely, feelingly, but of deeds not a trace, . . . ' If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, may my right hand forget lier cunning.' The Zionist Hamlet took tie oath in good faith, but the time for action has arrived, the pure idea intervenes, and hii resolution is palsied. — Leo Raphaels, of Die Welt, Vienna. 