THE annual report of the Mines Depart of Victoria, just issued, is again very grati fying, and calculated to restore, and, sus tain tho confidence both of colonial and British investors in out mining industry. The statistical and practical (information which the report furnishes is as usual of great value. It presents an encouraging official assurance of steady progress, and affords.indications: as to.the directions in which 'wo may look forward to tlie futurd development,and success of mining. -There was during the past‘.year a marked in crease in the gold jdeld : almost: all along the line... Tlio aggregate: output was the largest for any one of the last sixteen years and has, qnly . been -exceeded - once for the past 22 years. : Since the set-back in 1890, when the yield dropped ; from - the 614,833 oz, of the previous twelve months, to 558,000 oz, further falling, to 576(399' oz in 1891, tlicro has been a’continuous , im provement,-as exhibited in the following table:— , 1892 .:. ... -654,456 oz ■ 1893 .;. 671,126 oz 1891 716,951 oz' 1895 ... 7-10,086 oz ■ 1896 ... ... .... *805,087 bz 1897 ... ... ... ... 812,766 oz 1898 837;257 oz : The amount of dividends distributed by gold mining companies' during the past year was .£615,634, showing an increase of .£78,532, as compared With ,that of tlie previous twelve, months, and there is no •more satisfactory . feature of the report than that in which the ; Secretary for Mines adverts to the evidences and results of economic .and experienced manage ment. In.S^his^connectiohMr Travis quotes tharesults^of. seven, successful, mines,'Which durmff-1898 won an aggref gate of .£373,320w0rth; of gold,; and.'gave ,£223,4G2’in dividends, while-tlie expenses of management came to .£2159. The diyi- ! ,dends represent (50.‘per cent/ of the'gold won, and’l3l per-'cent. on ; '£he paid-up r capital of .£170,440, the expenses of jmnnf agement—directors’ fees, 1 legal managers’ salaries and auditors’ fees —amount to only .58 per cent ~ or Is 4d in the pound of the gold raised. ' At'no time in the min ing history of Victoria, 110 notes with special satisfaction' has attention been de voted so - unremittingly to.. the important question of saving a high percentage of the gold contained in the auriferous lodes existing in every- mining ■ district' of Vic toria. :Perlmp3 noY.better illustration of ; this fact can be given than by a Teferenoe to the Stowart’sj United Company, at ’Ben digo, which was able to pay a dividend on •a yield of 2 dwt to the ton; and justly obi serves the secretary, ■“ Once it can be esj tablished and the investing capitalist con vinced that .high , grade ore is not indispenl sable to: the profitable working of a mine; some hundreds of..quartz reefs now lying idle' and abandoned’ will bo taken up and successfully developed.” Within the past year 51 mines or companies’ have been placed on the dividend paying list, as com/ pared with 39 for the yea’r'lS97. The wis-; dom and the benefits of tlio progressive ness exhibited iii. improving and perfecting the .gold-saving appliances used have been demonstrated, hot merely,by the instances cited of profitable Tesults from seemingly: insignificant yields,: but by the fact that little short of .£50,000 was derived from the treatment of tailings, mostly by the cyanido process, while the report shows that the gross quantity of 3,1G7,874 tons which has been so treated, has yielded a sum of over £1, 050,000. Many striking in dications of tho immense possibilities that 'await the further development of the deep mines of the colony are adduced, more par-! ticularly from the Bendigo district, where, this week, payable gold has been struck at' ii depth of 31S0 feet. The work‘of ex ploiting the great bulk of the reefs awaits the application of, and evidently promise o a rich reward for capital, intelligence, energy/ and enterprise in the future. The opinions of Mr Selwyn, Mr Lidgey,. and other experts, l would warrant the con clusion that the G 2,634,705 jpz, of, a- value of ,£250,733,820 already obtafned in Victoria, has been abstracted from but a fraction of the gold-bearing area of Victoria, and that' its resources warrant increased attention on tho part of the Mines Department to testing them, and affording every possible encouragement to the working of them, and by Victorian and British investors to their development. The efforts of the de partment, both here and in England, are apparently* bearing good’ fruit, and if judiciously continued and extended cannot fail to render mining during this year an increasingly important factor* in restor ing prosperity to the colony. Mr Agnew will bo able to take to England a report showing progress in the industry in this colony, devoid, perhaps, of the sensa tionalism of the West,.but well adapted to cncourago and foster the disposition which is being manifested at homo to turn atten tion to Victorian ventures. Tho opening chapters of a hew serial, entitled, “A Weaver Lass," appear oil page 5 of this issue. The author, Mr W. Kneosliaw, is well-known ns a writer of novels treating of the industrial- classes. Tho first day’s play in the test match England.v Australia was not of a very ex citing description, tho scoring being de cidedly slow. The Australians, whose cap tain won the toss, went into bat on a per fect wicket, and although they successfully held tho wickets, for the whole of the day, they only managed to put together 23S runs for the less of' eight wickets. This would point to the fact that either the batsmen were unduly cautious or that the bowling was superlatively good, for as a day’s crick et in England is,an hour longer than tho Australian day, at least 300 runs are ex pected from a side batting all day on a fine, true wicket, such as the pitch at Notting ham is stated to be in this match. Hill, with 32. runs to his credit, had the honor of being top scorer, but he was closely fol lowed by Darling, Noble, and Gregory, who'seored -17, 41, and 48 respectively. Trumper and Howell each had tho misfor tune to be dismissed without scoring a run. Hearno was the most effective bowler for the Englishmen. In tho event .of the weather keeping fine, from present appear ances tho match promises to result in a drawn game. - The King insolvency case again formed tho subject of a lengthy' dispute in the City Court yesterday. Mr Barrett appeared at 30 o’clock, and announced that all proceed ings had been abandoned, us the creditors were disinclined to go on. .Twenty min utes after Mr Tuthill entered and protest ed against the case having been opened without his knowledge, and .stated that 31 o’clock was the hour fixed upon for tho caso to be heard. At 11 o’clock both- legal gentlemen wero in their places, and Air Tuthill having heard that tho creditors had been under a misapprehension, and had therefore withdrawn, again commented on the action of the .other side in having, as ho alleged, misled the police magistrate into granting, an order for arrest.- After somo argument, Mr Johns consented to cancel the order on the grounds that the creditors had withdrawn, but he declined to state publicly that he had been misled into granting it. The matter .closed with somo feeling being shown by tho legal gentlemen. A report of tho proceedings appears in another column. Tho deputation from the City Council, which recently waited upon tho Treasurer to ask for assistance in laying anew main from the corner of Drummond and,Sturt streets to tho lake, so as to secure a con stant supply of water for the latter, did not make it quite clear to the Minister what it was intended to do. As Air Davidson, Tnspcctor- General of Public AVorks. was unable to "give the informhlion desired, ho on Thursday, as mentioned in "Tho Star,” paid a flying visit to Ballarat and conferred with the chairman (Afr.J. ■Noble Wilson), and engineer (Air Atalioriy) of tho Water Commissioners, with refer ence to Hie matter." Those gentlemen were able to give .all.the required information, and, Air Davidson expressed himself as quite satisfied with the scheme. The formal ceremony of handing over the painting of the Legislative Assembly of 1896 was performed yesterday, in the pre- sence of a large number of representative citizens, including: the Hon. D. Ham and E. Morey, M’s.L.C., Messrs Vale and Kit- ton M’s.L.A., the chairman of the Water Commissioners (Mr J. Noble Wilson), Mr T. Permewan, and others. Cr Shoppee, at the request of- the donors (Messrs Ball- hausen and Herman, representatives of the Nirvana'Tea Company), asked the mayor to accept the,picture on behalf of the citi- zens. He did so with great pleasure, and remarked that it. Was not the first evi- dence Messrs Ballhausen and Herman had given of their desire to benefit the city. They were at all times foremost in charit- able movements, and had in this way done great good. He wished there were more philanthropic citizens like them in the city. It would have been a great deal bet- ter if some of those who had made their money here, and then gone either to Mel- bourne or to London.to spend it had stayed here and helped to beautify Ballarat. The Nirvana’Tea Company was, he understood, the largest in Ceylon, where its head- quarters were, and he hoped it might con- tinue to prosper. There were many faces in the picture that would be recognised and remembered in after years, and he was sur- prised at the parsimony of the Government in allowing such an historic memento to leave Parliament House. After a few com- plimentary references to Messrs Kirton and Vale, Cr Shoppee again expressed the pleasure he felt in handing over such a pic- ture to the citizens. The mayor, in ex- pressing his pleasure at receiving it on be- half of the city, endorsed Cr Shoppee’s re- marks concerning the charitable gene- rosity of Messrs Ballhausen and Herman. Ballarat in the past had been fortunate in having a number of people who had made their money here and recognised the place’s claim upon them. He thought, in fact, it had been more-fortunate in this respect than most cities. He was glad that the new generation was also recognis- ing its duties, and hoped that others would follow the good example set by such men as Messrs Ballhausen and Herman. It was not likely that another picture of the same sort would be painted for years, and he, with Cr Shoppee, expressed surprise at the short-sighted parsimony of the Go- vernment in allowing it to leave the metro- polis. Three hearty cheers having been given for the donors, the company as- sembled in the Council Chamber, where the mayor proposed the health of the Nir- vana Tea Company and Messrs- Ballhausen and Herman, again referring in terms of praise to the benefactions of the gentle- men named. Messrs Ballhausen and Her- man suitably responded, the latter re- marking that if the picture gave the citi- zens as much pleasure as the giving of it had caused the donors the latter would be amply repaid. A telegram was received during the morning from Mr H. S. Chip- man, the Sydney representative of the Nir- vana Company, expressing regret that a prior engagement prevented him from at- tending, and adding, "Well rewarded if Ballarat people gratified." A plate is being prepared, upon which a key to the portraits in the picture will be printed. This is being done by the order of the mayor, on behalf of the City Council. In connection with the accidental shoot ing of the youth Endean, which occurred' somo time ago, it hiay be mentioned that ho has nqw fully recovered, but has the mark of the bullet wound in his forehead! It transpires that the owner of the re volver is a youth with whom young Endean and others went out a hunt for a ghost; and that during their walk one of them playfully pointed the weapon at another; : and snapped it, thinking it was unloaded! Fortunately it missed fire on that occa-- sion, but subsequently when Endean was examining it the revolver exploded. The weapon is now at the Hospital, where it was taken on the night of the accident, and tho owner has as yet failed to call for it.;, probably under fear that some punishment awaits him. Moreover, his name has been carefully kept secret by his companions; though tho police have a strong clue to it. ■ Early yesterday morning an alarm of fire was received at the Ballarat Fire Brigade Station from the City Station. The watch man on duty there thouglit he discerned an outbreak near the Eastern Oval. The former brigado turned out, but the alarm proved to be false. ' . : Tho formal induction of the Rev. John William Griffiths, M.A., as vicar of St. Peter’s Church, took place last evening, in' tho presence of a large congregation. At five minutes to 8 the Bishop, accompanied by the Yen. Tucker as chap lain, and Canon Radcliffe as staff-bearer, and the vicar-elect, attended the church, and Remanded admittance. They were then received by the wardens and vestry, to whom the Bishop presented the vicar-elect. 1 Tho parishioners’ warden then handed the keys of the church to the new vicar. The church was then entered, and the Bishop performed the induction service, at the conclusion of which the newly inducted vicar was conducted to the prayer desk, 1 where the clergyman’s warden received back the keys. Evening prayer was then conducted by ,tho vicar, the Yen. Arch deacon Tucker and Canon Radcliffe reading the lessons. The Bishop preached from Is umbers, 27-IG, an appropriate sermon, and subsequently pronounced the episcopal blessing. The choir sang the anthem, How Lovely are the Messengers, during the ser vice. The offertory was in aid of the home mission fund of the diocese, and while this was being made tho festival hymn written by the Bishop, and sung on Trinity Sun day, was rendered. On and after next Thursday, Bth inst., !an officer of the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank will attend at a room in Kangaroo hotel, Berringa, every Thurs day. from 2 o’clock till 3, for ordinary banking .business. It has been agreed (writes the “ Church of England Messenger”) that tho two com mittees appointed severally by the chapter of St. Paul's Cathedral and by the Ballarat Church Assembly, to take steps for the erection of a r memorial to the Into Arch deacon Stretch, shall, ns far ns possible, work together for that object. The Bishop of Ballarat met somo members of the Mel bourne committee on Wednesday last," yyhen two alternative courses were suggest ed—ono that a medallion-and bust, similar to, tho monument of Dean Macartney, bo erected in the Cathedral; the other that a statuo of the Into Archdeacon be put up in somo public place at Ballarat. The latter, if practicable, would have the advantage of giving an appropriate site for the comme moration of tho work by which the Arch deacon’s name will be chiefly remembered —tho foundation of the Ballarat diocese. Another meeting of committee will be held early to decide between the two proposals. The senior Crown Prosecutor, Air R. Walsh, Q.C., who was recently appointed as an acting judge of the County Court during tho absence on leave of Judge Casey, intimated to the Solicitor-General on Thursday his desire to-lie relieved of the duties of judge. Sir Henry Cuthbert has decided to comply with liis request, and Air Walsh conducted the business of the Coun ty Court yesterday for the last time. At the City Police Court yesterday, be fore Alessrs Johns, P. AI. Permewan, Colt man, and Thompson, .T.'sP., the man Georgo Frederick Hartnell Burden Wil liams, who was arrested on the previous day, was charged with threatening the life of his wife. He pleaded guilty, and on the application of Air Barrett, who. instructed by Air Gribble, appeared for the wife, ho was bound over to keep the peace for 12 months in one surety of J!25 and his own recognizance of a like amount. A highly successful social gathering in connection with the recently formed Sol diers Hill Band was held last night, at the Queen’s Hall. The band has only been in existence for about twelve months, and last night’s gathering was the first of its kind. There was a very good attendance, so that tho uniform fund, in aid of which the gathering was held, should benefit appre ciably by the effort. Amongst those pre sent during the evening were Alessr3 J. W. Kirton and R. T. Yale, AI.’sL.A., as well as representatives from Bulch’s and Prout’s Brass Bands and the Sebastopol Fire Bri gade. Excellent music was supplied- by Messrs T. Turnbull, piano; Apps, cornet; T. Douglas, violin; and G. Alatheson, cla rionet. Alessrs Langtou anil Williams acted efficiently as M.C.’s, and Alessrs Robertson and Wilkie gave every satisfac tion as caterers. Tlio Ballarat’East "ghost" is apparent ly still nt lhrge, and has been reported as having been seen on several occasions of Into in the vicinity of Russel! Square. A son of Air Maloney, yardsman at the East ern railway station, reported that lie had seen tho alleged apparition one night in the early part of the week, in Hopetoun street, while a lady residing in the same street declares that she save an individual in a long cloak with a representation of a coffin in phosphorous painted on it, in her back yard. A: search has been made for tho culprit, but up to the present without success. Constable Faikiner, assisted by Air Rip per, gave a most enjoyable exhibition of the powera of Edison s phonograph for tho benefit of the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum last night. About three dozen re cords—including songs, instrumental solos, and concerted pieces—were given with won derful clearness' on a large and powerful instrument, to, the evident delight of tho old folks. At .the, close of the programme, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to tho entertainers. " • ~ Avery- enjoyable evening was spent last night at the Barkly St. Wesleyan Church w.ien Air G. Herbert, R.A.AI.,- gave an or gan recital and an attractive concert pro gramme was carried out. There was a verv large attendance. The Rev. de Q. Robin presided. Air Herbert, rendered in a mas terly manner tho following organ solos- Postludo (Tours), offertoiro (Salome), Fes tal Alarcli (Calkin), and an oifertoire bv Batiste. Songs were contributed by Airs ebb > MIS3 V - Franklin, Alossr3 Bray M Grath, and W. T. Bossence, and an flipms by tho church choir, which was un der tho conductbrship of Air T. Opie. A very satisfactory sum was realised in aid of tlio choir fund. A festival and competition,' under the auspices of the Rubicon street Sunday- School Cricket Club, will be held in the Redan Temperance Hall, on Wednesday, atli July, and the two following days. The programme ■ for-'the ‘competition com prises musical and, literary', items, in addi tion to' exhibitions of skill in cookory V'arious amusements, /are i.to bo provided etch evening,-and every arrangement will bo made, to ensure the'enjoyment of nat rons;" ; .; : , Avery beautiful bronzo medal, awarded to aiiss E: - Nightingale (pupil of Miss Lewis) by the London College of Alusic for pianoforto playing, at the last examina tion m practical .music, .held in Ballarat is now on view in the' window of Alessrs buttons music warehouse, Sturt street r *!° modahis awarded to the candidate ob taining the highest marks in senior section jiroviding always-that the standard of 90 marks (out of a possible 100) be reached. Hie College ot Alusic has also for warded to Atr. D. J. Alontnguc,- theQoeal lcpresentative, the following book pr^es. t ID , cai ' t hdates who obtained tho highest marks at tlie last nractical ex annnation, held in December last, viz.- Vi-=P ,V M ot , C ; reat . llu6i ''« u i3. awarded to ‘-, s . 4- Brpek for pianoforte plaving, inter mediate section*;. The Life of Sir George Elvey. awarded to Miss K. M. Flood for piaiiotorte . playing; .intermediate section (both pupils ut ; Loretto Abbey, Mary's Mount); The Life of Sir G. A Macfarren aa a riled to Miss F.'R; 'Foster for senior pass theory (jmpir of Air G. Herbert) • Wagner as I know Him, awarded to AHs F. Men l ! *°, r r '»tcrnie Mi D. J. Alontague) ;\ The Great Alusica! Composers, awarded to Miss D. A. Dou- las tor junior pass Theory (pupil of Air W. B ous i cud);. I lie Great .Composers, awarded to Miss M. theory' (piipil' Ararat); Han del andi’Menclelssohn,' awarded' to Miss F. Bobinowfch ior. elementary theory'(pupil of Miss Prichard)Famous ‘Musical Com .posers, awarded to -Miss A. G. Allen for junior ; pass theory (pupil of Miss .Cross); Wagner I knew Him, awarded to Mias H. Cowdell for junior honors theory (pupil ;pf Mr'D'., J..’ilontague)i \- This afternoon the'first match of the se cond rdumL, for the football premiership will be played, wheiDSouth will meet the imperial, who at present head the list, having defeated both South and Ballarat.- Both clubs are sending strong teams into the field, and a good game may be expect ed. Kendal will umpire the match. Yesterday's meeting of the Town Coun cil was the shortest on _ record'for some years, all ,ne business being disposed of in ten minutes.-' i A sitting of the Warden’s Court was held yesterday before-Mr Johns, P.M., when John . Stevens sought to be declared as_a shareholder in a tribute known as the Nil Desperanduni, which is held in respect of a lease owned by Cr Pearce, of Ballarat East. Tho case .was a somewhat lengthy one, and the evidence as .to Stevens’ admissibility as a shareholder was very conflicting. Tho Warden finally heldgthat there was no case as against Elijah Eichards, in whose namo the trjbute was held, and who was cited, as defendant. He therefore nonsuited the plaintiif, with —5 12s 6d costs. Mr Lazarus appeared for plaintiff, and air Barrett, in structed by Mr K. J. Gribble, for defen dant. Last night the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind entertainers concluded a successful season in tho Alfred Hall, when another large audience greeted the company, whose novel and interesting entertainment elicited loud applause. Mr SeeTey, the well-known contractor, who is still an inmate of the Hospital in consequence of a serious accident met with by him three weeks ago, continues to make satisfactory progress. towards recovery. His amendment is necessarily slow, in con sequenco of his advanced age, but it is fairly continuous, and his ultimate recov ery is anticipated. Tho Diamond second annual road race of 20 mile3.will bo run on Friday’, the 30th inst. Particulars appear in another column. . Messrs C. Morris and H. Josephs, .T’s.P., presided at the Town Court yc- sterday, and | lined two drunkards, who were arrested by Constable Paige, 2s Gd each, in default twenty-four hours’ imprisonment. Each culprit was also ordered to pay Is 3d costs. The granting of a collector's license com pleted the business before the court. On Wednesday next an-amateur exhibi tion conversazione will be held at the Fine Art Gallery under the auspices of the La dies Art Association. These gatherings have hitherto proved most ftiioyable, and that of next week promises to be no ex ception to the rule. Feeling reference was made by tho Mayor of the Town (Cr Murphy,. M.L.A.) at yes terday’s meeting of the Town Council to the recent death of Miss Robertson, only daughter of Mr W. Robertson, the Town clerk of, works. It wa3 decided, on his motion, to forward a letter of sympathy to Mr and Mrs Robertson. Tho City branch of the A.N.A. will meet on Monday night. Mr R. T. Vnle, M.L.A., will give an address, entitled " Black Labor, how if is affecting and will affect Australia.” Visitors are ccrdiallv in vited. Last night the members of Williamson and Musgrove’s Comic Opera Company left for South Australia by the Adelaide ex press. Two extra carriages were put on to accommodate the company, which num bered fifty persons. A pair of tympani (orchestral drums), or dered by the Lyric Orchestra from Hut tons’, tho musicsellers, have just been im ported by that firm from Paris. These aro tho largest orchestral drums in use in the oolony, and several of the orchestral socie ties in Melbourne requested an inspection of them beforo they were sent on to Bal larat. The drums are on view in Huttons’ window. . On Friday evening next, at St. Paul’s Sunday School, a doneert programme, ar ranged by Messrs P. and H. Cohen, will bo rendered. The ladies and gentlemen who ara taking part are all well-known amateurs of Ballarat. Mr F. Frizon, watchmaker and jeweller, has commenced business at 5G Bridge street, where li« hopes to receive a share of the public patronage. A sale of salvage blankets, sheeting, quilts, ite., is at present being held at Campbell’s Brunswick House. Tile last few weeks of Messrs A. Thomson and Co.’s sale of Messrs Gregory aud Pearce's stock are announced. A ball aud supper will bo held at the Mechanics’ Hall, Dean, on the 21st inst. A splendid winter stock of hoots and shoes is being disposed;of at Mr Jones’ establishment, 50 Bridge street. Tlie'foririal notification that rates in Ballarat East must he paid by the 10th inst. to secure enrolment on voters’ roils appears elsewhere. Applications for leasing the City Oval for five years will he received until 1 p.m. on Thursday next, at the City Hall. A notice in reference to the Ballarat Blind Factory, Armstrong street, appears in another column. Mr T. J. Smith, grocer, of Bridge street, has r n hand some splendid coffee and a hue stock of j>ort wine. The annual meeting of the members of the Miners’ Rest Mechanics’ Institute will be held on Wednesday next, at 8 p.m. , Miss Brown, 11 Armstrong street north, has a variety of new fancy work, Madame Weigel’s patterns, journals, and reviews for sale. Entries for Victorian, College of Music tiioo roticnl'examination close on 31st inst.', with Mr E. Sage, L. Mils. V.C.M., Grant street, the local secretary. Mr Alex. Hunter, of Oxford Chambers, Lydiard street, lias money to lend m any amount. Beseirieres and Walker, agents, Lydlnril street, lmve trust money to lend, cottage and other properties for sale. A. Susinan and Cos. advertise a genuine stock taking sale at 53 arid 55 Bridge street, for a few weeks only. Skating will he resumed at the Queen’s Hall, Dawson street, where the rink will be opened on Tuesday and Thursday evenings. A list of cheap lines of superior gentlemen's clothing and-general drapery at the establish ment of the Craig Williamson Proprietary Com pany appears elsewhere. Dr- Hardy is the honorary medical officer, and Dr Gtitheil the honorary oculist, at the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum during the current mouth. The programme for the concert to he held ill the South street Hall oil Monday night will bo found in another column. Patrons are promised avery enjoyable evening. Several well-known, artists are supplying the programme, which will consist of selections by Jackson’s orchestra, songs, comicalities, instrumental solos, and recitations. The price of admission will bo six pence. ' The superintendent of tile Ballarat District Orpean Asylum desires thankfully to acknow ledge :i tin of lollies from Mr Gray, grocer, Peel street, for the children. A splendid programme'has been arranged for the People’s Meeting .to-night, in tho Alfred Hall, by Air E. Hnrmun, consisting of songs, humorous items, club- swinging, cornet,, whist ling, and recitations. Air Angus APBain will pre side. Committee meeting at 7 o’clock. Passengers for South Africa are reminded by advertisement that they can secure passages in Lund’s Blue Anchor line of steamers, of which all particulars may be had from Messrs AVilliam Little and Cos., the company’s Ballarat district agents. The collector of. the Ballarat District Hos pital,'Air MYm. F. Chamberlain, notifies by advertisement elsewhere that all intending new subscribers to the Hospital must have' their subscriptions paid prior to the doth .Tune, so as to ensure their voto at tho next annual meeting of subscribers, winch takes place next month. . Alombers of tlie Excelsior Tent, No. 18, I.O.R., and order are invited to attend the funeral of the late Br J. E. Morris, P C.R. Full particulars are advertised. 