[?] . CHAPTER II. 1R LIONEL was in the " curd-room playing whist, with the stout, p&mpous; Duoliess as his partner, while the mock, wizened little Duke, who was was generally supposed to he considerably under petticoat gov ernment, und Captain Mclford were their adversaries. Ella was passing through the card-room to ' . the bine drawing room, when, as sho reached tho card-table, Sir Lionel looked up, and their eyes met. Ella gasped, and involun- . tnrily clasped her hands upon her bovom ; an unknown soul seemed to ho gazing at her through her father's eyes — a Bodl in some great torment or agony. As one drawn against her w ill, by mesmeric or some little un derstood but powerful attraction, she went slowly round and stood at tho back of her father's chair, ns sho often did when ho was plnying cards. Sir Lionel was generally- lucky at most games of chance. 'Better than ever, you see,' he said, in a low voico, glancing up at lior with a strange sneering sniilo. ' Wait — let us see what luck you brings' Tho cards were dealt, and hearts turned up. Sir Lionel had not one in his hand, which was; black with a regiment of twoi, threes, and other small "spades and clubs, his highest card heii%<a solitary diamond, tho tens - That should please you,' he said in the same peouliar mannor. 4 You appear— luck then disap- pears.' , 4 1 thought it was considered better to bo born lucky than rich,' said Captain Mclford, in a eonoilitatory tone. Tho young man was good-natured, and saw thoro was a cloud on the domcs- -tio horizon, whioh he suspected might possibly have something ! to do telh Lord Conway's sudden departure. 4 1 do not holiove in luok,' Ella said gently ; 4 and, in whist, play is everything;' and she glided away, for the Duohess — an ardent whist player — had \- frowned and fidgeted. Her Grace brooked no interruption, and insisted on unbroken silence, except when a few neoossary words on the subject of tho gamo were absolutely essential. Lady Gnuutlett had decided to have the oruical matrimonial dis cussion with her husband when 'her guests had all retired. She was very anxious. . Sho - had known for some little time past thnt Sir Lionel had noticed Lord Conway's attention to Ella. In fact, Sir Lionel had spoken to her on the subject, and had, much to her astonishment, warn ed her to discourage tho growing intimacy. That was tho one occasion on which sho had been betrayed into a slight display of temper. As soon as she could, sho dis missed her maid aud wont into tho turret-room. Sho looked . very beautiful in her white cash- inoro dressing-gown. Shaded lamps were placed . on little . tables; Ludovico had- arranged ! the wood-fire — firoones spluttered under tho glowing logs. Sir Lionel was still in his evening \- dross. He stood looking gloomi ly into tho fire, his evening . draught of clmmpagrio and selt zer unopened an a tabic before tho sofa. 'Not undressed;' said his „wifo -gently ; 4und no cigar !' It was almost n nightly habit of Sir Lionel's to smoke in his dressing roorn before retiring to bed. '.Let 'mo open your chumpague— you look so tired !;' 'I am tired !' ho said fiercely, turning, upon her. Ho was h :all, broad-shouldered man, with a fine face, and ho hud never looked more attractive than now,. \- though his grout: blue.. eyes were bloodshot and 'his hair, mous tache, and board,' almost white. 4I inn tircd'of my life — of the mbokcry of it — of pretence, lies, 8ubtcrfugo.! Bah, you sicken mo! . You'. '.have, sickened, ine with your line acting, which may tloceivo tho world, hut cannot deceive rue l'' 4 What do you mean, Lionel?' Lady Guuntlott stood ufith her delicate hands hold bcsceohingly towards him, pulo — liko some ineek ghost, lie thought. 'When have I foiled in my duty?' , 4 Pshaw 1' He "turned, away impatiently. . 4 Duty indeed I I loathe the word! You have taught mo to loathe it I What elso have I had rem. you? Love? That wis given away long ago; you had an empty hearty a shell filled with ashes, to give me — ashes of the burnt- out love!; Do you think that: would content me ' — he seized her wrists, - and looked menace- ingly into her face — 4 me, who adored you? Oh, you knew very wellj! You had had ex perience — ba, ha I' He dropped her wrists and laughed a wild laugh which terrified his wife. 4 Lionel be just,' she said, ten derly clasping, his arm with both her hands while she repressed even a shadow of fear— for, if, as sho dreaded, this wob. an at- taok of maniacal' excitement, to show fear would be fatal to any influonoe she might hope to have over him in tho future. 4 You havo always been just — do not accuse mo of what I do not de serve !' 'Deserve!' He shook her hands from his arm and sternly faced her. 4 1 will tell you a little talo that may possibly as tonish you, my perfect wife! It will astonish you, for you will wonder at my patienoe and for- ituuuci nruy I did not send you 'away — dis grace you before the world — abandon you to your fate. Ah, you look steadily at me 1 You little know !' He paused, poured out a glass of water, and drank it. 4 Do you remember,' he went on, in an icy, contemptuous tone, 'how from tho very beginning you had to explain away why you shrank from mo when I took you in my arms — why yon turn ed palo ? Heavens, I have felt your lips liko ice to mine when I kissed you ! First the excuse was that I frightened you — I was rough ; then, that you did not fool like I did — men must not expect women to be demon strative. I tried to believe you — I deliberately blinded myself by inventing excuses for yon when yours camo to an end— I deliberately .lied to myself— for my poor dear Ella used to cling to mo with something even stronger than the passion of a man — she laid plan to get an hoar with mo alone as skilfully as you laid plans to avoid mo !' 4 Why did you not say all this before, Lionel ?' Lady Gauntlett said, looking up steadily into his eyes. 4 To keep such ideas in your mind has been a cruel wrong. You have suspected, accused, and judged mo un heard !' ' . Sir Lionel gazed at her with a peculiar smile on his lips, such as Ella had noticed when Lo had spoken to. her in the oard- room. 'For a supreme liar — a suh- limo liar — give mo a woman 1' he said bit teily. 'It's a good thing for you sex that 1 have nothing to do with laws and arrangements for them, Lady Gauntlett, for, if I were a magistrate, I would count thorn false witnesses, one and all ; if I were a judge it would go hard with female criminals ; " and, ' if I were in Parliament, I would move heaven and earth to pass niensures that would bo chains binding them under men's heols ! Uuheard, you say ? I condemned you unheard ? Lot me whisper a name in. your car.' Ho suddenly stepped to where sho stood, and hissed something — some word — into her car For a moment Lady Gauntlett swer ved as a horse at a lightcning- flaslr. It was as if tho floor had given way under licr feet, and sho was about to full iuto 6paco. Then, giddy, cold, trembling, she rallied. .J Explain yourself/ sho said, with an effort, for' her . tongue was stiff in her mouth, her lips wore paiohed by sadden terror ; 4 1 da not understand !', . 'Perhaps you never know a man who bore tluit name ?' he asked scornfully.. ' \- 4 1 have known several,' said sho, gradual ly recovering— 4 y our mttnser\;ant, for one.. His unmp -is, 1 believe, Italian for 'Louis." She spoke the word boldly and olearly, and for a 'moment Sir Liouel was taken aback. "Worn she guilty of dboeit — he suspeO ted her of no worse — audacity snoh as hers would j mean\that she- was; ,a fiend, rather . than a woman ; and she was not that. . 4 It is strange that you should mention Ludovioo,' hesaid, more calmly. 'I thought 'Lugui' was Italian for . that detestable name — but let that pass. Per haps you may recollcot our first journey, with Ludovioo as couri er- — He stopped abruptly — a sad den flicker, as a log splintered on the hearth, lighted up Lady Gauntlett's faoe, which was dis torted by an expression of hor ror. 4 1 see you have a pretty vivid recollection of that partioular tour,' he went on satirioally, after a moment's pause.- 4 So have I. First, yon had what lino-ladies formerly used to call 4 the vapours.' You could not eat, you shut yourself up in your room— whether you slept or not I had no opportunity of jud ging. Then matte is got worse. You had convulsions. At Venice no English doctor was to be had, so an Italian came. He bled you. You had low fever. You became unooncious — I had good reason to know that ! When you were 'conscious, you turned away from me. I had to wait till yon' ' mistook me for some uuo t-tou. juare «» interrupt J he oned menacingly, for his wife rousefi to desperation, uttered a pry and sprang towards him. !4fiear mo out yon shall 1 Yes,' he ipnt on slowly, pausing .be tween his words, and delivering them as so many separata stabs. 4 You— mistook — me — for — your — lover — Louis — Louis 1 Louis was a happy man. I, as his proxy, should have been a happy man also. You clung to my neck. You kissed mo as a woman may kiss tho man sho loves who is going to hp executed — who must die. You called me so many delightful names in French — always in French— that if' I were to use - them in the feminine, I believe I should have some success with the coldest woman alive. Then, as I was fasoinated— turned into a monster half love, half hate — I stayed with you. I did not leave you then and there in scorn, as any man would have done who had a spark of manhood left in him. No ; I unsexed myself; I was weaker than any woman ; I play- cd the part of the oreaturo who had your love. I took the kisses meant for him. I spoke to you in his language. I nursed you and soothed you till the fever left you and you slept in my arms. Only when : you' were awakening — when I knew your eyes would open and see things as they really word- -did I creep away. Poor miserable idiot, sont silly by love ! I dared not stay and see that look! 4 Oh,' he oried, in a sudden frenzy, throw ing up his arms in his terrible prayer, 'may this woman be accursed for having broken my heart and blighted my soul j' « This was the night that Lord Conway was .oppressed with vague dreads and a general sense of hopelessness. Ella too lay pa tiently awake, listening, to . the wind that moaned around the house, sometimes wailing and soreeohing in the chimney. It almost seemed to her now and then that some human voice up- roso and uttered a low moan that ended in a .piteous ory. The branches of the old trees creaked and groaned in tho autumnal gale, anl. sudden gusts raised clouds of loose gravel on the terraces below and hurled them against the shuttered windows like driven hail. Only when the gay light 6f early dawn came creeping about tho room did tho weird sounds cease, one by one, and allow Ella to fall asleep. It appeared to her that she had lost consciousness for a few min utes only, although she had slept an hour or two, when she was suddenly "awakened'hy a knocking at hor door. The knocking had caused her to dream. Sho dreumt that sho saw. her JPather, dressed as a wood cutter, ' chopping at a fnvourito' treo of his with an axe. She was expostulating with him when a louder summons- at her bedroom door awakenod her with a start. Unlocking tho,: door, she saw Morris, the - maid whose attend ance was sharediby Alysand her self. 4 You looked oyour door, Miss 'Ella,', said Morris in an. aggrieved tone; 'and my. lady said particu larly, that Miss Alys .was not to be disturbed. My lady says will you put on your' dressing gown and go to her room ?' Ella, giddy with sleep, sponged her faoe and brushed her, haii, then went somewhat staggeringly along the eorridors to the opposite wing, and knocked at her moth- er's door. , ; It was openeji by lady Gaunt lett herself, she . drew Ella into' the room, and tfie girl saw that she was pale .with great, dark circles round hdr eyes; and, as she seated, herself, on , the sofa , at the foot of her inotlier's bed,she said in consternation as she saw. her Bhiver from head\to foot— 4 Mother, dearest, you are very illl'. I 4 Worse than that, khild,' said Lady Gauntlett, taring Ella's hand in here. 4 Oh, \Ella, I am unnerved— shattered 1 V I oar-not get through it—thought. I must get through itl Your father has gone 1' she said in despair. 1 Last night we' had a disagreeable talk. I thought he was terribly excited — indeed at last I felt that my being there excited hiiA— andnow he is gone,' she oped— -'ho is gone ana neaven aioq.e Kno,ws wnere.l' The young girl, forgot her own love troubles in, , the presence of her mother's grief. . She heard the story— how Sir Lionel's bed bad not been slept in, how Ludo vico found the outer dooV through which Ella had but the day before conducted Lord .Conway open — how Ludovico; had gone out searohing for Sir Lionel. Ella tried suggestions — per haps her father had gone out for an early morning walk — perhaps there had been some farm business he wished to personally superin tend. But she might as well have suggested her ideas to one stone deaf. Lady Gauntlett sat there, staring, tearless, immova ble. . -j . " CHAPTER III. It was a melancholy morning. The great white mansion, with its Corinthian facade, its terraces, its balustrades, and flights of steps, stood out against tho heavy gray sky like. some magnificent mausoleum, so deserted did Gauntlett Court appear. Lady Gauntlett had been, or had seemed, soared, terrified al most,, when Ella first went to her, to hear the perplexing hows that Sir Lionel had. pot occupied his bed, but had, .qp. far as Ludovico could judge, gone out by tlib turret door in his evening-clothes. But Ella's practical, oommon- sense view of the 'subject was reassuring — it pprtially restored her mother's mental equilibrium. 4 1 cannot see what reason there is for yon to he so anxious, mother darling, f' sho Baid, wicding her arms as tehdorly about her mother's neck as if their positions were reversed, and she were the mother and Lady Gauntlett the child. 4 Ho will be hack soon, I am certain ; it is some whim — perhaps a slight brahwittack.' \ 4 It would be terrible — terrible if he, wore to go mad, would it not ?' said Lady Gauntlett, look ing at Ella with haggard eyes. Ella could not have imagined that in any circumstances whatso ever her mother would change from dignified beauty into, distraught, wan unloveliness. Lady Gaunt lett's personal attractions would not hear the pallor, rigidity, lines, and shadows of mental suffering. Ella thought she looked twenty years older than when she came in to hoar Lord Conways's avowal of their love barely sixteen hours before. 4 My father will not go mad, come what may,' said Ella, with more assurance ,;than she really felt. Then she said- every . consoling thing she could possibly think of. It seemed very, strange to .he suddenly created advisor to her imperious mother, but it was evi dent to hor thnt her mother had scarcely grasped the situation. Simply because Sir Lionel was not to bo found and had not slept in. bis hud, Lady Gauntlett : proposed to remain in- her rooms and not to appear at the break fast table. Ella, young and in experienced as sho' was,, saw at onee that this was weakness. 4 Mother, think of tho Duch ess 1' she said suggestivly. 4 With her strong-minded ideas, sho will go about telling the story how you wore so upset one day at fathers's going out for a morning Wtilk that you would not come down to breakfast! Wo shall never hear the last of it.' This and a few other arguments nerved Lady Gauntlett. That it cost her a violent, effort to appear the amiable hostess as usual Ella well knew ; but she did appear at the breakfast table, and made some excuse for Sir Lionel. An hour afterwards — when Ella had arranged for the day's excursions and amusements, and had con trived to parry tho men's inquires as to Sir Lionel's plans and to appoint the head game-keeper temporary manager" of the shoot ing arrangements— sho found Lady Gauntlett on her bed in a dead faint. Hour after hour she watched by her mother's bedside, and at last had the satisfaction of seeing her rally. ,, The day wore on, but Sir Lionel did not return. Lunoheon at Gauntlett Court being an\in- formal meal, of which the gueBts partook at any time betweon noon and three o'clock, there was uo genbral talk about the host's absence ; but the Duchess guess ed that everything was not right, for she was a lady of observa- tioc. » Lord Conway passed a tedious, miserabio day in his. room at- home, smoking, and hoping against hope. Sir Lionel's man ner the day before had been such as to. render hopefulness a diffi cult matter. When he rode up the broad drive through the park of Gaunt lett Court that dreary autumn evening, he felt more out qf love with life than, he had ever felt before. Ho ascended the stops, after leaving his horse at the stables — he had ridden over without a groom — feeling that any stormy interview; any rebuff would be better than those hours of utter suspense. He was astonished, to sec the Duke and Duchess of Newtown in the great hall;ovidontly taking leave of their hostess, who was standi.ig in the shadow,: " Ella was buttoning one of the Duch ess's long gloves ; men-servants were hustling about; then .'a brougham drove up;' Alys came to him, her pretty face pale, her eyelids red and Swollen. 4 Oh, Lord Conway, isnt a'l tliis very dreadful ?' she began. 'What— you don't know ? Papa wont out4 and ho has not come back!' a-. : . 4 But '—Lord Conway; staiM at her, puzzled— 4 do you mean he Went out shooting? Oh, he is all right enough !' he added reassuringly, wondering what it all meant- — whether some aooi- dent had happened and the news had not yet been broken to tho family. 4 No, no!' whispiud Alys nr b eriojisly. ' lie never went to bed ; he must have gone out last night in his -evening-suit. Ludovico found the turret door open. The only , things of his that are missing, are a light over coat and travelling cap. Mother thought thut . he was feverish. ; I fancy she imagines Oh, I can't boar -to think of it I But they are dragging tho pond.' 10 BE CONTINUED. 