WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. A SUCCESSFUL OPENING. FIRST DAT. The Pine-street Wesleyan Church wa* crowded on Tuesday evening, when the twenty-sixth annual Conference of the South Australian 'M'othndist Clinrrh wm opened under the presidency of the retiring President, the liev. W. A. Langsford. De votional exercises were conducted by the President; who was assisted by the Bev* J. Berry and R. Kelly. KET1RIXC PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The annual address wo* delivered by the rearing President. Air. Landlord said.— 'In some respects the year boa reseaibicd many 01 its predecessors, while there have been some features which have been pecu harly its own. As a Church we may well, in this our annual gathering, gloriiy GoU fur me continuous and cver-prcseat evid ence of His favour. The statistics, which by some arc regarded as indicating the measure of our success or failure, may be in some respects disapi.-ointing. We report a total membership pt 10,2ol», which, with the addition ot 1.41S junior members, makes a total 01 11,077. The increase 01 adult members is 224, and ofjuniors 237-or a total increase ot* 4C1. There is, however a decrease of members on trial of 231. Dur ing the year 13 additional iunday-achools were established, the teaching staff was in creased by S3, and the number of scholars byJBoS; while the total number of adherents ?£»,3b9, or an increase for the year of 1,073 When we closed the sessions of our last Conference we did so with the possibility before us that that would be the hut Con ference which would assemble under the old constitution. As the time drew near when it was necessary to consider, and if powible fix, the date of union, it was found that the Primitive Methodist Church had not succeeded in making the necessary financial arrangements, ami that it was therefore impossible for that Church t' unite at the time proposed. Several mem bers of the federal Council favoured im mediate union between the Wesleyan Me thodist and Bible Christian Churches— the Primitive Methodist Church to be admitted i?to the union at as early a date as prac ticable. The majority of the Council, how ever, was of opinion that this proposal was not only inadvisable, but that its adoption was quite beyond the power rested by tne Conferences in the Council. Iq was therefor* decided to postpone union, and to send on a recommendation to the Conferences to th» effect that the union should be consumma ted in 1900. To many it will be a disap pointment that another year's delay has been rendered necessary, but there need be no serious apprehension as to the result. Since our last annual gathering the Revs. H. Henwood Teague and Thomas E. Thomas, MJL, after twenty-three years of faithful service, have left us to join the Victoria and Tasmania and the New Zea land Conferences respectively. To the brethren who have come to this colony— the Revs. William Jeffries and Samuel Cuth bert— we extend a most cordial welcome. Already they have settled down to their work in this colony in a manner which has gained the admiration of their brethren. The Rev. Robert Kelly will be leaving us in April ncrt, having been transferred to victoria. \:i. Kelly's ministry has been an exceptionally successful and useful one, the whole of which has been spent in South Australia. He is greatly and deservedly beloved by all our people, and we confi denUy predict for him a successful ministry in the adjoining colony. During the year we have been frequently reminded that 'There is a reaper whose name is Death.' ' Mr. Langsford then made appropriate re ference to the death of Lady Colton, the Rev. JT. Y. Simpson, the Hon. W. Haslam, and Brother Carne. We are thankful that our ministers who are designated a» 'supernumeraries' are able to render such constant and acceptable ser vice to our Church. The long and severe ill ness of the esteemed Secretary of the Con ference has caused us all a great deal of anxiety. We regret .that it U necessary that Mr. Ingamclls should seek rest for the cominfr year. No minister has enjoyed more abundant or well-merited honour than the respected President of our General Con ference. Twice he has occupied this chair, and he now holds the highest position at tainable by any minister in Australasian Methodism. It was especially gratifying to us that the University of Middletown should bestow on him the degree of LLJ) in recognition of his general service to Methodism in Australia, and particularly of his position as President of the Austral asian Wesleyan Methodist General Con ference. m Owing . to the repeated failures in our harvest, many of our Circuits have had a time of severe struggle, and their financial difficul ties have been a cause of temporary em barrassment It was, however, gratifying to the Home Mission Fund Committee to find that the response to the annual ap peal was about equal to the previous yean iiut, even so, the amount was far short of our requirement*, and as a consequence many Circuits did not receive the assist anre which their exigencies demanded. TrtwwiB need to be hefped this year. The minds of many of our people have been ex ercuedm reference to the adoption of new methods for reaching the masses of non Ubttrcfagoersjn centres of population. That 1FV1? tho1U8and? of people in our land ™«^itnaUl neg ft* ^?e ™»hip~we regretfuuy acknowledge. How to reach them is tte problem. I fed sure of one thing and that is-that the labours of our n»«»»t«rsr*re too widely distributed. In centres of population concentration of ef fort is undeniably necessary. The experi ence of British Methodism will be oVrs, that it is simply impossible to fill an empty chapel in a crowded district unless a mini ster specially responsible for that particu lar phce is allowed to take at least one sw nee in it every Lord's day. We do need more concentration of effort, continuitvof wmce, and sanctified commonsense. We do not advocate the abolition of ourCircuit S8^.!0* .th*t '-at system should S of modiBcation to meet the necessities rf certain localities.. During the yearthe ?ue? nOn ^^aW^ng central missions m the mes of those already in operation inEng land and in the other Australian Colonies SJ^^ulljr considered. MethX cramped, as though it were in the grin of an iron-boond constitution; £t, £ Vwas &i;*^ to *&* -*r ?««?«« to the prw smg needs of the hour. But in addition to tw* of population, we must not overlook the requirements of the more mu2?£ rw^-sTy^rtjnyfllS Thanksgiving Fund. ThT%tiA(&S; cenSn^F^*? ***' *° ? T«88 century Fund, and proposes to raise an ainount of not less than a minion guineas! A V-01? i* Omfcwnee a proposal torabe a fund of this nature was nwommendedto the consideration of the District Synods *&&$&$&*& gelwtic, educational, and pfclaVthrojib work in connection with our Church. The elections in connection with our South AustraUan Legislature, .which are now rupSfTap. preaching, have already occupie^conside^ able attention. As electors to whomha. been gwen the privilege and responsibility of the franchise it u our doty to exercise that privilege, and fed the due weJghToi our obligation. And the duty shouhi be discharged by no one more faithfully than by the Christian elector. In regard to inany matters which pertain to what are somebnes called '-party politics1' we c*n afford to look onw,th the interest common to all other electors; but when we are brought face to fa«, with the important question as to who are to be entrusted wich the renous business of conducting tlie affairs ot this great province it is the Chris tian's duty to make the wisost possibi.- choice, aa in the sxht of fi.-*l. The old' idea that people ought to keep their Christianity out of their noli, tics altogether has been slain over and over again, but it is a*toni*h ins to find with what incousutenty it is ruade to reappear on the eve of every elec tion. There is a special ricnitictnee at taching to the election before us. If we cannot make men moral by Act of Pariia menr. -.ve can certainly nuke it more ea-y for thcai to be immoral, and we ouzh'ti wrongly to oppose any nva.eUre which I makes immorality of any kind legally safe. ! Tlie Confercnc-.' has frequently recorded its I strong objection to the vie*- of gambling in' every shape and form. The facrt that the; State has eiven its .ipprural and srt its seal to the sin of (rambling by machinery had long been a cau-^ 01 pain to all those who have at heart tiie ben interests of the people of this land. And our detestation of thi« nationally approved sin becomes more and mor* emphatic. Only a few weeks ago we were informed that during the year 1S08 no less an amount than £2(58,150 15& passed through the totaliza tor. But the recording ot that amount, immense as it is, deals only with one factor in the history of this abominable machine. If the story could be faithfully written, giving in detail where that money came irom, and how and where it went, and of the effect which has been produced on thou sands of lives and homes, then perhaps the eyes of multitudes who are now supporters and of multitudes who are indifferent in re gard to it would be open to see vkst we have in our midst a vice recognised and en couraged by the State, which at the same time is assuredly exerrianx an influence most disastrous to true national advance ment. From this chair I would appeal to the Christian electors of this province to unite in one great effort to do all in their power to remove this national disgrace. During the year in religious circles perhaps no subject hag demanded or received more attention than what has been described as the 'Rome-ward tendency of the Anglican Church.' \\\\*e have all a right to expre*j an opinion with regard to a Church which, claims to be national. And as Methodists we have a true affection and are exceed ingly jealous for the honour of that Churvb to which \ce are in go many ways deeply indebted. Can we wonder, then, tliab the Methodist people especially have felt inte rested in the ritualistic controversy? The facts brought: to light have occasioned as tonishment, and in many quarters dismay The Secret History of the Oxford Move ment,' by Mr. Walter Walsh, has caused an awakening to the danger which threatens and in a crisis like this we should be verily guilty if we refrained from giving utterance to our Protestant and evangelical views. If priestcraft is to be permitted to become triumphant, then not only truth, but ov religious liberties also, will be assailed The position from which I speak is one sur rounded with holy memories. We are here to-night in a building which has very fre qnently in its history been the 'scene of great religious movement. May we not during the sessions of this Conference, re ceive such a baptism of the Holy Ghost and of power which shall enable us all to go forth more faithfully than ever to do the great work which needs to be done, for Gji Jot tour land, for Methodism? But whether this truly forward movement be gins here or in the remotest corner of oui J?'«, -» n°t of so much importance, so that it begins somewhere.' The first ballot for the election of Prwi Sfe* S?^ted f* f°Uows:-Rev. J. D. LancB ford 39 Rev. I. Rooney 12, and the RevTk 8\. Casely 13, while several other ministers received a few votes each. As the ru!»* Ho manded that the President must be elected by an absolute majority of those votin*:. a flowed that the Rev. J. D. Langsford had been elected, he having received 71 votes, the second on the list being the Rev. L Rooney, who received 12 votes. The President-elect then stepped on to the platform, and was welcomed by the retirine President, who on behalf of the Conference P1^^1?,111 *& *? Conference Bible. The Presidentelect, in a humorous and graceful speech, thanked the Conference for the honour which they had conferred upon him. No fewer than five ballots had to be *««» before a majority of the member* could decade who was to act as Secretary of the Conference. The first to be dected was the Rev. W. Reed, but that gentleman de clined to accept the position. Eventually the Rev. W. H. Hanton was dected. On the motion of the Rev. J. Berry, seconded by Mr. F. Chappie, B.Sc, a vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring Pre sident. Votes of thanks were also passed to the retiring Secretary, th«» Rev. C. H. Ingamdls, and to the Rer. R. Edly, who had acted as Secretary during the illness of Mr. Ingamells. The Acting Secretary reported that he had received a telegram from the President of the Victorian Conference, conveying greetings to the Conference. Also a letter from the Secretary of the Y.M.OA. offer ing members of the Conference the use of the Association's rooms during the session. It was decided that the Conference should sit from 9.30 a.m. to 12.45 p.m-, and from 2to 5 p.m. daily. FIHST READCCG OP STATIONS. 1\. Southern District — Adelaide (Pirie streetWohn Cowperthwaite, B.A., Wil liam A. Pottsj (Draper Memorial), Henry T Burgess, LLJ). (Mile End), William T. Iliatt (Parknde). Adelaide (Archer-street) -Joseph Berry, Samuel Rossiter (Pro» pect); TnomasLloydjSupernumerary. Ade laide (Kent Town)— Edward T. Cox, John C. Hill (Payncham). Adelaide (Xonrood and Maydl)— J. Bunting Stephenson, one to t* sent (Magill), Charles Lane, Charles II. Goldsmith (Kensington), Thomas Ed meades (Evandale), supernumeraries. Ade laide (ltromnton)— John D. Langsford. Unley— W. Alfred Langsford. Glenelg— f«aac Rooney. Port Adelaide and Sema phore—Charles T. Newman, Samuel Cuth bcrt (Port Adelaide). Gumeracha-W. Benson Mather. Willunga — Archibald Grewar. Clarendon— Paui C. Thomas. Aldgate and Stimmertown— WilliamJ. Mor timer. Mount Barker— George Hall. Mur ray Bridge and Callington— One to be sent. ?Struthalbyn— Augustus D. Bennett. Yan kalilla— Jonathan J. Kkholls. Goolwa— William A. Bainger. Renmark— One to be -*ent; Edward Barber, supernumerary. Pal merston— Sampson Stephens, Joseph *ear Tack. 2\. Middle District.— Gawler— John Watte. Kapunda— Robert S. Casely. Tempters and Angastoc-^John EL Goss. Kooringa— Wil- liam G. Clarke. Redruth— William H. Rofe (Aberdeen). Clare— T.Gcddes White. Mintaro and Auburn— David S. Wylie. Ki verton— John H. Trevorrow. Eudunda— One to be sent 3\. Northern District.— Melrose— Thomas M. Rowe. Wilmington— Horace Faull. Blinman, Beltana, and Great Northern Mis sion—Home Missionary, who shall be under the supervision of the minister of the Hawker Circuit. Port Pine— Albert Stubbs, Crystal Brook and RedhiH-George W. Kendrew. Koolunga— William A. Milli kan. Jamestown— John Leggoe. Laura Alfred P. Burgess. Terowie— Charles Reed. Quorn— Isuah Perry. hawker John Nairn. Johnitburg— One to be sent. Petersburg— Henry Trewren. Waukaringa and Wadnaminga— Home Missionary. Bro ken Hill (N.S.W.)-WiUiam Reed, Thomas B. Angwin. MA. (Broken Hill South). 4\. Yorke s Peninsula District.— Moonta— Vivian Roberts, Charles H. Nield (Moonta Mines). Kadina and Wallaroo— William .Teens. Port Wakefield— John Blacket. Yorketown— James Allen. Minlaton— Henry Chester, supernumerary. Maitland -pjohn Gillingham. Ardrossan— Home Mis sionary. Fort Lincoln— Home Missionary. Elliston— Charles Doley. Franklin Hnrbcmr —Home Missionary. Streaky Bay and Fowler's Bay— Home Missionary. 5\. South-Lantern District.— Mount Gam bier— Walter H. Hanton. Narracoorte— Al- fred H. Carne. Miuiwnt-Thomas Trert rail. Kingston— Home Missionary, bor der Town— One to be rent. 6\. Western Australia District.— Perth— John A. Jeffrcvs, Albert W. Bray. Henry W. Congreve, Walter R. Poole; General Superintendent of Home Missions, George E. Rowe (Perth); Chinese Mission, Chinese Catechist. Frcmantle, George E. Wheatley, Arthur J. Barclay, Home Missionary. Guild ford— Henrv Wilkinson. Henry Robins (Midland Junction). York-William II. Hodge. Geraldton— Richard Dunstan. Don garra— John R. Thrum, Home Missionary (Grecnough). Cue— Frank Weir. Albany —Thomas Bird, Charles A.. Jenkins. Bun burv— John Dingle. Xortham— Frederick S. I'inch. Southern Cross— Joseph G. Mit chelL Cooljardie-Arthur S. J. Fry, Wil liam A. Hay. Kaleoorlie— Thomas A. James, Thomas Allan (Great Boulder), can didate. Norseman— James E. Stone. Ka nowna— Alfred C. Plane. Kurawa— W. Corley Butler. Menzies— John -}. Jenkin. Ginifnn— One to be sent. Mount Magnet Candidate. Newcastle Mission— Home Mis sionary. Great Southern Mission— Home Missionary. Eastern Timber Mills Mission — Home Miaqonarv (Lion Mills). Jarrahdale Mission— Home Missionary. Esperance Mis sion— florae Missionary. Denmark Mission — Hobw Misionary. \algoo - fission— H«me Mbfionary. Marble Dar Mission — liorr.e Missionary. Malcolm Mission— Home Mis sionary*. Kothsny Mission— Home Mission ary- Lnwlers' Missi«m— Home Missionary. Peak Ifijl Mission— Home Missionary. Yar loop Mission— Homo Missionary. Yass* Miwion — Home Missionary. Northamr- tnn Mission— Home Mis«iorary. Roebourne Mis sion—Home Missionary. Charles H. Inga melts applied to be made a supernumerary. Robert Kelly lias been transferred by the General Conference to the Victoria and Tasmania Conference. John Weir is re coinmcnded by the Western Australian District Synod for one year's training in the Central Theological Institution. ~Mr. A. J. Balfour i* known m society as one of the brightest, wittiest, and most in teresting talkers of the day. His fund of aneH'jte is simply inexhaustible, and his method of narration considerably adds to the charm of the story- Hui favourite walk is from the Carlton Gub down Pall Mall and '\Vaterloo-place, along the Horse CuaHs'-parade, to the House of Commons. He is u.--ually to be seen without either stick or umbrella, and he waits along with his hands clasped behind his back. 