Victoria. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. CARNIVAL AT BRUNSWICK. It is announced that a. spring carnival in aid of the building fund of St. Ambrose's Church, Brunswick, will bo opened in the local Town Hall on Thursday evening, September 14th, at 8 o'clock, by His Grace the Archbisnop o Melbourne- The object of the carnival i„ to raise funds to liquidate the debt incurred in making extensive additions and alterations to the church, rendered nccessarv by the requirements of the congregation. The work was begun about 12 months ago, and has been carried out at a cost of about £6,000. The ladies of the congregation have been working hard for some months m preparation for the carnival, and it is to be hoped that the people, not only of the parish, but outside friends generally, will rally to their aid, and make the carnival ft great success. The district is a.largo one, and its resources very limited. ST. IGNATIUS-CHURCH, RICHMOND. The Forty Hours' Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament began in St. Ignatius Church, Richmond, on Friday, 1st inst when High Mass was celebrated by the Rev. T Cahili;.. S.J. Haydn's Mass No. 1 was sung by the full choir. On Sunday High Mass was sung at 11 o'clock by the B^. T.' Brown S.J.: Deacon, Rev- C^orrogh, S.J.: Subdeacon, Rev. I, tfMaJley .S.J. The rhoir gave an..^feejiiye rendition of Moaart's Mass. Nd.J^ 'At 3 p.m. the closing ceremonies took place, when the spacious church was crowded. The High Altar had been beautifully adorned by the . ait>hfnl Companions of Jesus. The procession of the Blessed Sacrament was an imposing pageant. Hundreds of children of both eexes. carrying bannerets, the Children of Mary, Promoters of the Sacred Heart, and altar attendants, took part, in the grand demonstration in honour of the Real Presence. The MonBtrance was borne by the Rev. T. Brown, S.J., the following Jesuit Fathers being also in attendance: —Very R*v. .T. Heara, S.J., Revs. T. Ca- .„ll, 8.J., J. CMalley, S.J., J. O'Connor, S.J. The procession having proceeded through the main aisles, the Blessed Sacrament, was placed on the altar, and reiled. The occasional sermon was delivered by Father Hearn. who traced the history of the devotion, of the Forty Hours' Exposition from its institution in the city of Milan to the present day. "Those," said the preacher, "who refused to accept ill'' doctrine of the Real Presence dishonoured Our Lord by doubting His plain words when instituting the Blessed Eucharist at. His Last Supper." The function concluded with Benediction of Hie Most Holy Sacrament. RKQUIRM AT THE CHURCH OP THE IMMA- CULATE CONCEPTION, HAWTHORN. On Friday morning, 1st inst., a Requiem Mass* was celebrated in the Ohuroh of the Immaculate Conception, Hawthorn, by the Rev. T. M'Enroe, S.J., for the repose of the soul of Mrs. Mary Charnley Archer, wife of Mr. "William Archer. K.G.G., our respected townsman, who died SCTH August, at "Alverno,'' Grace Park, Hawthorn. There was a large attendance of the friends of the deceased lady. At, the conclusion of the obsequies the funeral left, the chnreh en route for flie Melbourne General Cemetery, where the laat rites were performed by the J?ev. Father Gleesoii of Carlton. Mr. Archer and his family have the sympathy of a large circle of friends and acquaintances in their severe bereavement. R.I.P. CONFIRMATION AT FLEMINGTON. On Sunday (to-morrow) at 3 o'clock p.m., His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne will administer the Sacrament of Confirmation at St. Brendan's Church, Flemington. MUSICAL EXAMINATIONS. The. results ofthe London College of Music Jjoo^ examinations in regard to Australian candidates are announced. The Presentation Convent, Windsor, as usual, holds a foremost place, as will be seen, from the subjoined list: — Senior First Class • Ptoses—Rose Moran and Kathleen K^Hy- Intermediate: Pasties—Cissie jtyGorman and Stasia MoG&rthy.; Honors: Agatha Moran, Norah Thornton and Jflice Martin Junior iFinrtClaes Passes: Mary Murray, Gertio Tuomy, Jane Griffin. Katie M'Quade, Alipe M'Carthy and. May,. W*«fla. Sbmttitiiy: '^nT 'Matter; ' Annie M'Cormack, Mary M'Quade, ; Maud Smith, Clare CDomiell and "ElHe Smith. laat was Mid. the Encyclical Letter of His Holiness Leo. XIH. on ™« consecration of mankind to the Sacred Heart of Jesus (which appeared in the "Advocate," July 22nd iast) was read, together with the following letter of His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne:— Dear Rev. Father,— You are aware that the Holy Father, in his paternal solicitude for the whole human race, has, in a recent Encyclical invited all men to consecrate themselves to the Sacred Heart, of Jesus within the present year. In the Encyclical, of which an approved translation iB forwarded, the objects of this consecration are luminously set forth. Sunday, 10th September, has been selected for this solemn Act of Consecration. Wherever it iB feasible a Triduum of devotions should be held in connection therewith. During the Triduum it is prescribed that on each day shall be said certain prayers to which is to be added the Litany of the Sacred Heart, recently approved by His Holiness. Furthermore^ on the last day of the Triduum the Act of Consecration, which is appended to the encyclical, shall be recited. When convenient, Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament shall be given, and five decades of the Rosary, followed bv 'lie Litany oi the Sacred Heart, shall be recited during the exposition. In churches where facilities for Benediction do not, exist, but, where Mass is celebrated, the Our Father, Hail Mary, and Glory be to the Father, recited five times, followed by the Litany of the Sacred Heart, will suffice. It is most desirable that the faithful should prepare for "this solemn testimony of allegiance and piety" by approaching the Sacraments of Penance and the Holy Eucharist during the Triduum. The clergy will make arrangements to give alt possible facilities for this purpose. The Encyclical is to be read ou Sunday, 3rd September, in all churches in which Mass will be celebrated; and, on Sunday, 10th, in all churches in which Mass had not been celebrated on the preceding Sunday. : * THOMAS J. CAR.R. The following is the form of consecration to, and the Litany of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, approved of by His Holiness : — Most- Sweet Jesus, Redeemer of the human race, look down upon us humblv prostrate before Thine altar. We are Thine, and Thine we would ever be: nevertheless, that we may bo more surely united with Thee, behold here to-day each one of us freely consecrates himself to Thy Sacred Heart. Many indeed have r.ever known lhee; many, too, despise Thy precepts, and have rejected Thee. Have mercy on them all, most merciful Jesus, and draw them to Thy Sacred Heart. Be Thou King, O Lord, not only of the faithful who have never forsaken Thee, but also of the prodigal children who have turned their backs upon Thee; grant that they may quickly return to their Father's house, lest they die of wretchedness and hunger. Be Thou King of those who have been beguiled by error, or whose affections have been turned aside, and call them back to the harbour of truth and the unity of faith, so that soon there may be but one flock and one Shepherd. BP Thou King also of all those who still sit in the ancient superstition of the Gentiles, and refuse not Thou to deliver them out of darkness aito the light and kingdom of God. Grant, O Lord, to Thy church assurance of freedom and immunity from harm; give peace and order to all nations, and make the eart h resound from pole to pttliewith'one word —praise to the Divine Heart, that wrought our salvation ; to It be glory and honour for ever. Amen. Lord, have mercy on us. Christ, have mercy on us. Lord, have mercy on us. Christ, hear us. Christ, graciously hear us. Repeat " Have mercy on us " after cadi paragraph. God, the Father of Heaven, God, the Son, Redeemer of the world, God, the Holy Ghost, Holy Trinity, One God, Heart of Jesus, Son of the Eternal Father, Heart of Jesus, formed by the Holy Ghost in the womb of the Virgin Mother, Heart of Jesus, substantially united to the Divine Word, Heart of Jesus, of Infinite Majesty, Heart of Jesus, holy Temple of God, Heart of Jesus, Tabernacle of the Most High, Heart of Jesus, House of God and Gats of Heaven, Heart of Jesus, burning furnace of charity, Heart of Jesus, depository of justice and love, Heart or Jesus, full of goodness and love, Heart of Jesus, abyss of all virtues, Heart of Jesus, most deserving of all praise, Heart of Jesus, king and centre of all hearts, Heart of Jesus, in whom are all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge, Heart of Jesus, in whom dwelleth the fulness of the divinity. Heart of Jesus, in whom the Father was well pleased,' Heart of Jesus, of whose fulness we a I' have received, Heart of Jesus, desire of the everlasting hills. Heart or Jesus, patient and of inucli mercy, Heart of Jesus, rich unto all that call upon Thee, Heart, of Jesus, fountain of life and holiness, Heart of Jesus, propitiation for opsins, Heart of Jesus, saturated with r>proaches, Heart, of Jesus, bruised for our sins, Heart of Jesus, obedient unto death. Heart of Jesus, pierced with a spear. Heart of Jesus, fountain of all consolation, Heart of Jesus, our life and resurrection, Heart ot Jesus, our peace and reconciliation, Heart of Jesus, victim for sin. Heart of Jesus, salvation of them th;>1 hope in Thee, Heart of JesuS, hope of them that die in Thee, Heart of Jesus, the delight of all saints. Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world, Spare us, 0 Lord. Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world. Graciously heat us, O Lord. Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world, have mercy on US. Jesus, meek and humble of hear! Make our heart like to Thine. LET US PRAY. O Almightv, everlasting God. look upon the Heart of Thy dearly beloved Sen and upon the praises and satisfac tions which He offered' Thee in behali of sinners, and do Thou graciously pardon those who implore Thy mercy ,.n the name of the same Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who with Thee, in the unity of the Holy Ghost, livetli and reigneth. God, for ever arid ever. Amen. The Rev. L. Martin, who read both documents, announced that the Triduum would begin in the Cathedral on Friday night at 8 o'clock, when the Archbishop of Melbourne would preach. The devotions on Saturday evening begin at 6.30 o'clock. ' CHURCH OF THE IMMACULATE CON- CEPTION, HAWTHORN. ', \ As previously announced, a scicred concert will be given at the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Hawthorn. Friday night, 15th inst. Rossini's "Stabat Mater," "Gloria," Gounod's "Mesne Solennelle," and selections from *rt>rks by Haydn, Mendelssohn, Handel, ,Gior- za, will be produced. It i3 anticipated that there will be a very large attendance on the occasion. There will be a chorus of 140 picked voices. The Lyric Orchestra (64 performers) will accompany, and play Beethoven's' great overture, "Egmont." and Handel's celebrated "Largo." 