WILLS WITH CURIOUS CON DITIONS. Tub eccontricity of somo will-makers has proved an embarrassment to thoso who liavo benefited by their generosity, as the following authontic incidents sorvo to show: — A Manchester mnn, of pronounced materialistic viows, loft on record a proof of his contempt for spiritualism and its disciples by ordering that his executors, bo empowered to pay tho sum of £1000 to any person who could prove positively, to tho satisfaction of bis executors, that ho had scon a genuine ghost. A copy of this curious condition appeared in tho public press on numerous occasions, but up to the present, we aro informed, no ono has been ablo to place a legitimate claim for tho alluring legacy. A certain Cumberland lady, some years ago, loft an annuity of £100 a year to a nephew, on condition that ho 1 walked to the summit of Holvelyn and back onco ovcry week, ' believing it would ' euro him of his innate indolcnco, and act as an excellent preventive from probable dyspepsia.' Whether or not tho nephow complied with this condition, tradition saycth not. Tho roason why a certain young country lady travels a hundred miles by coach to London every quarter, to receivo her portion of an annuity of £300, is because tho rich relative who bequeathed it had a ' horror of railways, ' and desired to giro expression to her conviction in this singular fashion. An American testator insisted on his heir remaining a bachelor during the whole of his life. His reason for this harsh condition was, that, being an avowed woman-hator himself, ho did not desire that any woman shculd participate in his wealth. A Frenchman, who mads some 400,000 francs as a maker and seller of absinthe, left substantial legacies to five of his favourite friends, on the proviso that they should visit his grave once avery month, and tlioro consume a glass of-his favourite liquor. Tliey were also to pay some verbal tribute to his memory before te.Mipir retidoncp". , > A moro wholesome condition, perhaps than any of tho foregoing was that laid upon a friend who received an annuity of £200, provided that ho ' rend tho Bibla through at least once every year, and gave satisfactory assurance to tho execu tors that ho has done so.' This condition was enjoined by ono who had been in tho habit of doing what ho desired his friend to do. So the proviso was not so singular under the circumstances. A titled lady bequeathed £1000 to a rolativo, on the understanding that tho recipont ' refrain from riding a bicycle, motor-car, or any such mad inventions, and feed and oxerciso my threo dogs every day no long as tlioy shall live. Tho recipient of tho aforementioned sum cheerfully accopted theso limitations and conditions, and considered that tho monoy was an adequate compensation for so doing. Prior to another prospective annuitant ontcring upon tho enjoyment of £400 a year left by a rich but eccentric nnclo, ho was called upon to ' eschew the use of tobacco, brandy, and red neckties, ' the latter article of attire being regarded by his deceased relative as a signal of socialism, a system ho abhorred most ardently. Another astonished heir was informed by the oxocutors of his father's will that ho must marry, within the year, a lady whose .social position and fortune were exactly the same as his own, but that the lady must bo permitted to propose a inarriago to him first. This rather staggered tho troubled hoir, and his stato of mind was not tho most enviable, until he ono day received a visit from a very protty cousin in tho country who had long secretly loved him. Sho showed him a letter sho had received from his father, who know her attachment, and had loft her a legacy equal to that possessed by his son. Tho result was a very happy courtship and a most suitablo union. A nov of fifteen thinks ho is too old to run orrands, but after ho is twenty- fivo and married, ho begins again. An affectionate Irishman once enlisted in the 75th Regiment in ordor to bo near his brother, who was a corporal in tho 7Gth. ' I wisii my teeth wero not so regular,' sighod tho young woman, regarding her self pensively in tho glass. Every time timo I smilo when I'm talking to Harry ho looks as if he wondcrod how much they cost.' ' Do you bolievo in the powor of tho human eye with a wild beast 1' asked Gableigh. ' Yes,' said tho professor, ' tho powor of the eye is very usoful — to see tho wild beast coming.' Newed: 'Did you spend as much money as this boforo I married you. Mrs Newed: 'Why, yes.' Newed: 'Then I can't understand why your father went on so when I took you away from him.' Tom Innet : Whst did tho telephono girl say to you when sho broko tho engagement.' Jack Potts : ' Ring off.' 'Bezooks is bound to bo famous boforo long. I expect to see his picture in tho papors overy day.' ' Why, I didn't know ho was specially talented.' 'Ho isn't, but he's a regular fiend for taking patent modicincs.' 