FEDERATION AND THE BOOT TRADE. To THE EDITOR. SIR-As one actively engaged in the boot industry, I would with your permission like to say a few words in refuta- tion of the grossly misleading and un- truthful statements regarding the boot trade made by Mr. F. Davis, secretary of the Trades and Labour Council, to the Select Committee sitting to take evidence ( as to the effect of Federation on the industries of Western Australia. I think I am as well qualified to speak on questions touching a trade at which I earn my daily bread as Mr. Davis is. I will, however, leave that for you to judge. Amongst other questions put to Mr. Davis was this " Mr. Pearse said that bootmakers' wages in Melbourne were £2 and in Perth £62 15s. Is that correct? Reply The minimum rate of wage laid down by the Factory Act in Melbourne is £2 2s. per week. Here the rate is £62 16s. per week, but as a matter of fact in one large factory for 12 consecutive weeks the average wage was only 462 Os. 8d., which is below Melbourne price." Allow me as one in a position to know to tell Mr. Davis and the Select Committtee that that statement is absolutely false, as I will presently show. But in the mean- time even should it be correct, which it is not, may I ask Mr. Davis what system of logic he employs that will make the above fallacy prove that wages are lower here than in Melbourne. I am astonished that he should expect people to be so mentally blind as not to see through so specious a statement. That a portion of the men in a large factory did do as Mr. Davis states is possible, nay, is probable, but if he includes all the men employed in that factory and repeats that their united wages averaged only 462 Os. 8d. per week per man for 12 weeks, I say again it is untrue. Let me show Mr. Davis how he can prove his case. He must take that portion of the men who drew 262 Os. 3d. per week from that factory, and place them in a Melbourne factory where they shall do just the same amount of work and of the same quality that they did here, and see if they draw 262 Os. 8d. on Saturday, or what colossal proportions their wages assume. Having started them to work in Melbourne on piece-work if they can get it-he shall hand out to one of them a dozen pairs' of tan goloshed balmorals', similar to what one of these same men " put up " this week, and for which he will receive 16s. on Saturday, and we will see what he gets. Now, Mr. Davis, what is your Melbourne price ? Ours £3 16s. " Oh," says he, " we don't pay quite so much as that; we pay the respectable sum of half a guinea." " Oh, oh, that's it, is it !" So our' friend, if he made four dozen of these boots in a week, which he could, would be richer by £62 2s., while we in-SWrth only pay £63 4s. for the same quantity. Do you want any more facts, Mr. Davis, because as I have the Melbourne log of prices open before me, I can oblige you with plenty more from that source nearly as glaring, which will show you what a delightful place Melbourne is for a bootmaker to live in, and how easily we could compete against that high-priced labour had we freetrade. For the information of Mr. Davis, I would like to say that putting up a boot is only one branch, and in that branch, as I have shown, 5d. per pair more is paid in Perth than in Melbourne. But that boot has to be handled by the clicker, machinist, rough stuff man, finisher and others, all of whom get an average of 10s per week more than they do in Melbourne. Let me tell Mr. Davis also that the number of tan gol. balmorals and other good work compared to rough boots, as he chooses to call them, that we make is comparatively small, owing to the facts that I have stated, and because the duty is too small to keep them from coming in. Manufacturers being anxious to increase their output of better class of goods would, I am sure, be delighted for Mr. Davis to tell them how they can do it by the aid of freetrade, seeing that they cannot do it now when they have a small duty on. There is only one way, as Mr. Davis must know, and that is by adopting the wages and conditions that obtain with our competitors. The conditions, as well as the wages, are vastly different in Melbourne from here, and are all in their favour. Boy labour is rampant there, as the following extract from the Australian Boot and Shoe Recorder show :-" James and Ramsden, Collingwood, were summoned on July 11, 1899, and fined the sum of £2 for employing 201 boys to 8 journeymen. Arthur Goadby was summoned and fined aged Is. for delaying factory inspectors admission to his factory while he stowed away the boys." Where one boy is employed in the trade in Perth a dozen are employed in Melbourne. May I ask Mr. Davis if he wants to compel us to work under similar conditions. Now, Sir, I am pretty good friends with Mr. Davis and I do not think that he wilfully tried to mislead the committee, so I will treat him as charitably as possible and will only impute his fallacies to his lack of knowledge. I would, therefore, like to enlighten him a little as to the conditions under, which bootmakers work.. In Perth a portion of the employees are on wages and get £62 163, per week, and a portion are on piece work and are paid according to the statement of prices, concerning which I have shown a glaring difference viz., 35 per cent., on one line between Perth and Melbourne, and I can show many others almost as bad, but on account of space I forbear at present. Now in Melbourne either system can, according to the Factories Act, be adopted, but the employers find weekly wages so much more convenient and profitable that that system is general and according to Mr. Davis £62 2s. is paid them against £82 15s. in Perth. The Victorian Factories Act has had the effect of driving out of the boot trade all the old and slow men, so much so that Mr. Harrison Ord, the chief inspector of factories, in his last report, a copy of which I don't doubt Mr. Davis has by him, urges pathetically that the Government will provide old age pensions for them. The young and swift, and those who will cheapen production by doing a lot of work for their £62 2s., are the only ones wanted in Melbourne boot factories, and I fear that should any of those old friends who only got £2 Os. 8d. per week every land in that paradise, they will never stand the ghost of a chance of getting work. I fear I have taken up too much of your valuable space, but should Mr. Davis favour me with a reply I have a few more facts reserved for him. In conclusion, Sir, seeing that all Mr. Davis's so-called facts- regarding the boat trade are false, is it not just as likely that those relating to other trades are equally devoid of truth. -Yours, etc., HENRY G. MOORE. West Perth, September 8. 