OR. Bow Ruth Won Her Heritage. BY Mas. G. SxELDON, Authoreas of "The Missing Heir of Callonby," "The Masked Bridal," Etc. CHAPTER XLII. CORCLUSIDN. Mr Silaby went directly out, leaving Ralph In the care of his nurse, who came to him as soon as he heard him coughing. He sought Ruth, who was anxiously awaiting his coming on the verandah. He told her of his interview with Ralph, and concluded by remarking : "I do not believe he can live many hours-he is very frail, and sadly changed. He expressed a wish that he might see both you and Hope to-night. Did I do right to tell him I thought you would be willing to go to him I" "Perfectly; I will go at once," Ruth quietly replied. She went immediately to her room where she found Mary about to undress Hope. "Do not put Hope to bed just yet, Mary. I want her for a few minutes," she said; and,ytaking the child into her arms, she went into her own chamber and shut the door. "Darling," she said, In a tone that was far from steady, "there is a sick gentle man here who wants to see you.' Mamma is going to take you to him; but his face is all marked where it has been sore, and you must not say anything about It. Will Hope mind I" " Yes," said the child nodding gravely, and being an unusually thoughttul child for her years Ruth felt that she could trust her. She sent Mary with a line to Mr Sileby, asking him to call for Hope at Ralph's door In about fifteen minutes; then, after making some slight changes in the girl's attire, she went straight to her husband's rooms. The nurse ushered her at once into the sick man's presence, and, for a moment, Ruth's heart almost failed her as her eyes fell upon his wasted figure that lay on the bed, and the thin, sunken and still un slghtlyface that turned eagerly toward her as she entered. Could it be possible that this had ever been the gay, dashing, handsome Ralph Plympton who had so won her girlish fancy during those old days at Hazelwood Heights 1 "This is very good of you," he panted weakly, as the nurse wont out leaving them alone. "I thank you more than 1I can express." Then his glance wandered to Hope, who was gazing at him with a grave, won dering look in her eyes, and a faint smile of pleasure lighted up his wan face. Ruth lei the child close to his conch. "Hope, shake hands with the gentle man," she gently commanded, and the little one unhesitatingly laid her dimpled, perfect hand upon his outstretched palm. His fingers closed over it with an eager, tender clasp, his lips quivering with emotion. " Poor man I" lisped Hope in her sweet, childish tones, "have you got any little girls I" "No, dear, I am all-alone," Ralph faltered, a sharper pang than usual assailing him as he uttered that last rig. nificant word. "Like mamma and me," the innocent child returned, " my papa has gone away, but I've got his picture," she added, with an air of triumph, as if that was a trea sured possession. Ralph started and glanced quickly at 1 Ruth. "Then; she knows:- I" he began, and then stopped. "Certainly," Ruth answered; "she has the photograph that was taken in Paris. I did not think It right to with hold such knowledge from her." "Thank yon-you were always con siderate, Ruth," he returned, huskily. Then he chatted a few moments longer I with Hope, his eyes lingering upon her dainty form and sweet face with infinite tenderness. She did not appear to shrink from him I at all, a circumstance for which Ruth was very thankful, and said several quaint, pretty things that gave him some know ledge of her precocity and enlightened him regarding the training she was re ceiving from her mother. Finally there came a tap upon the door, and Ruth knew that Mr Silaby had come 5 to take the child back to her room. "I am going to send her away now, while I talk a little longer with you," she : said to Ralph, by way of explanation. Then turning to Hope, she added : "Say I good- night to the gentleman, dearie. Mr 1 Silsby has come for you, and Mary is 5 waiting to put you to bed." Ralph lifted the tiny hand, that he still I held, and laid it against his hot lips, kiss ing It softly twice. Hope looked at it gravely a moment I after he released it, then, waving it at him with a pretty gesture of farewell, said sweetly : "Good-night-I sorry you are sick." And then the little one went out for ever from the presence of her father, I whose keenest pang was the realisation I of the fact that she was ignorant of their relationship, and that he was entitled to I no recognition from her. Ruth, after giving her into Mr Silaby's I hands, returned to him, and was smitten to the soul by the expression of sutforing I on his face. "No , Ralph," she said as she sat down beside him, " is there anything I can do a for you ?' "Thank you-nothing ; it is more than I I deserve that you should be willing tolet i me look into your face once more," hei said, humbly. " I am going fast-I shall soon be dons I with earth, and--I am glad. I did not think, when 1 left you that night, that I should ever see you again. Iune this usn expected meeting is like a little glimpse of heaven this side the grave. It alsot gives me an opportunity to tell you some-t think that has long been in my heart-- a that my one wish for your future is that you may be-happy. You understand me, Ruth." She was silent. Yes, she understoo? him, but her heart was too full to admit of her speaking, while the quivering lipsa and the pitiful look in her eyes told him that there was no bitterness in her soul toward him. "There is one other thing I would like to speak of-' "Pray, toll me what it is-do not fear I to speak freely," she said as he hesitated, "any wish of yours shall be sacredly I attended to." "Thank you; I do long to be laid away in my own country; and, since Mr I Silsby is here-" , "I understand," Ruth hastily inter posed-" do not talk of it, Ralph-the wish is sufficient." He lifted a grateful glance to her. "I did not expect thls," he said; "I 1 had no thought that friends would be near me at this time; but the fact has made me veryrestful and content. 1 had authorisedImy servant to send a package to Mr Silsby for you, and a letter which it contains would have explained every thing. It will be found in my trunk, and that is all that I am going to say to you about It. I want to speak of yourself, Ruth," he added, a slight smile relaxing his lips. "It seems that you have become a great lady." " Ah I so you know I' she exclaimed in surprise. S"Yes, [I have read all the papers, and have learned that you have won a vast inheritance," he replied. "It has read like a thrilling romance, and I am very glad.; I know you will make a noble use of your wealth. Of caurse my Income will soon revert to Hopo- you will find that the matter has been attended to when you open the package I spoke of. I hope the dear child will be like her mother when she grows to wcmanhood-1 can wish nothing bettor for her. You will never tell her, Ruth- " lie interposed, with an appealing lock that almost made her weep. " No, Ralph, she shall never learn anything of an unpleasant nature," Ruth kindly returned. Then, seeing that he was panting from weariness, she arose, adding : " I must not remain any longer now, for you are very weary; but I will bring Hope to see you again to-morrow, if you wish." "Thank you," he breathed faintly, but his eyes were fastened upon her face with a look that haunted her for months with its intense yearning -its devouring heart hunger. "(Good-night," she said gently ; then went softly out, and with a lo3k of tearless agony in his eyes he turned his face to the wall, murmuring: "Good-bye, love; I am ready to go now." An hour later Ralph Plympton's soul had passed from earth. He died so quietly that his nurse did not know when the end came-he thought him asleep, but'when he went to give him his nourishment as usual, he found him decd, with a dainty, faintly-perfumed handkerchief clasped in his hands and pressed to his lips. It had flattered from Ruth's belt and fallen upon his coach as she turned to leave him. Mr Silsby at once claimed the privilege of an old friend and attended to every thing that was necessary to be done for him. He had the body embalmed and then entombed to await a proper season to be conveyed to America, where, later, it was laid in the Plympton lot, beside the ill. fated young man's father and mother. Two months afterwards our friends were back in London, where they were joined by Basil Meredith. About a month after Ralph Plympton's death, Ruth wrote to Basil of the fact, and also gave him a history of all that had occurred In connection with herself since she last saw him. His only reply was a cable message of five words : "May I come to you I" And her answer flashed back with in splring cordiality: "Yes, come." There was no restraint in their meet. ing; for each knew the heart of the other; and when Basil held out his arms to her, the one endearing term " Sweet. heart" escaping his lips, Ruth went straight to him, was folded close to his breast, and both knew that they were re united for all time. One week later they were quietly married in one of the spacious parlors of the house in which the party were stopping, and with only a few friends to witness the ceremony. Then there was an enjoyable trip to Paris. After that the Silsbys began to talk of going home. And now came the time to decide a question which Ruth had long been dreading. Where was to be herhome for the future ? She did not want to reside per. manently abroad, as we already know her heart was too loyal to her own coun try, and she yearned inexpressibly to live there; and yet her large interests In England seemed to point to a duty there. " I really do not know what to do," she remarked to her husband one day, while discussing the subject. "I know what I would like to do, however," she added, smiling and flushing. " Well, sweetheart, what you ' would like' to do will be my aim to accom plish, if such result is possible," Basil returned, as he fondly drew her head down upon his shoulder. "'Now, what is it, my Lady of Rothwick 1" " 1 would like to turn ltothwick Castle into a great asylum for homeless boys," Ruth returned, with htnusual gravity. "Really, Ruth 7" lie inquired as gravely, while he searched her face earnestly. " Really, Basil," shle said. "I know l should be terribly homesick to live in that immense place all by ourselves; there is nothing home-like about it, and our small family would be lost in such a labyrinth Iof halls, rooms, and passages ; but it would make a slendid institution for thle purpose 1 have named. The only drawback is the want of a suitable foud to carry it oni properly. r won der-'" "Well, dear, go on," said Basil, smiling encouragement. "?,ppo-5 1 should give Itothwlick Castle ior such a purpose, do you imagine the Crown would endow it, or devote a certaiu sum annually toward the support of it I" IRuth thoughtfully ilulired. Basil laughed out musically. "Sweeootheart, you are developing rapidly," he said, with playful fondness; "hbut I am esomewhat amused wiemn I think of all the trouble you have taken to secure it, that you should become so suddenly anxious to get rid of your noble inheritance. Don't you expect to be haunted iy thi ghost of old Sir Amos for your unappreciativeness 3 ' " I do not imagine he will trouble me very much, especially as 1 hope to make atonement for some of his sins in thlus doing good to others," ItRuth smilingly retorted. " But, seriously, Basil, whlat do you think of my scheme '' "I think it a very grand ojie, my darllog, and 1 believe it canl be aeom pllshed," he earnestly responded, "I will see what can be done about it Immediately." He threw hilnself heartily Into the work, and through the influence of some prominent men to whom he was Intro duced by Temple and Henderson, the matter was brought at an early day before the proper authorities, who succeeded in having a generous fund appropriated to the cause, while the Queen sent a per sonal expression of her approbation to "the generous Lady of ltothwick, In view of the philanthropic spirit that had prompted her to devote her noble Inheritance to such a grand work." Of course, even after, that, it took a great deal of tine to get everything in runnimng order ; but by the end of the year the institution was complete in every department, and Basil and his wife went over to England again to be present at the formal opening and dedi cation of the "IRothwick Home for Homeless Boys," where such waifs were also to be liberally educated and fitted for some useful sphere in life. Hope Cottage was abandoned, in view of the larger enterprise. Will Browning and his brother were transferred to the Castle, as were esol Mr and Mrs Win slow-the one to act as general super Intendent of the institution, the other as chief matron, while Mrs Barstow, who was herself an Englishwoman and therefore only too glad of a comfortable berth in her own country, became a valuabla assistant. It is only necessary to add that the enterprise became a most successful one, reflecting great credit upon its philan thropic projector, Mrs Basil Meredith she waived her title with the Rothwick estate- who watched its development with over-increasing pleasure and into rest. She, with her family, spent a portion of every year at the Castle, where a part of one wing had been especially set apart for them, and their advent was eagerly looked forward to by every individual in the Home. Their winters were passed in Basil's elegant residence in New York, and the late asummer and early autumn at Hazal wood Heights. In the course of tinme there came a son and heir, who was christened Rothwick; and afterward, another dear little girl, whom Ruth named Elizabeth Allenwood, for her mother and her great grand mother. Ruth never saw Inez Plympton again; but she learned, about a year after her marriage, that the woman- was a raving maniac and an Inmate of a private lunatic asylum. " 1 believe she was always more or less insane," she remarked, with a gentle sigh of regret ; " for It does not seem possible that anyone can be sane and be ruled by such ane ungovernable temper as she possessed." Fortunately for her peace of mind, she never knew what occasioned her hopeless lunacy; but the truth of the matter was that Inez one day read in an English paper a notice of the marriage of Basil Meredith and the girl whom she hated with all the intensity of her fiery nature. Instantly she flew into a towering rage, tore the paper into atoms, and threw them from her as if they had been burn ing brands. Then something seemed to snap in her brain, and from that hour she never knew one lucid moment. File years later she died, and was quletly buried by the attorney who had care of her property, and thus ended a life that had been wholly governed by selfishness and passion. It had burnt it self out, and was lost in oblivion. Will Browning continued to prove him self most worthy of the regard of his kind friends, Mr and Mrs Meredith, and their efforts in his behalf. He was a faithful student, a noble hearted, high- principled fellow, and gave promise of becoming a good and useful man,. while his brother, under his influence, bade fair to follow in his footsteps. Our story is told; and now we must take leave of the dear little woman we have grown to both love and honor, and who, supremely happy in the care and affection of her noble husband, and surrounded by her beautiful and interesting children, was a living proof of the poet's truism that " Blessings ever wait on virtuous deeds, And, though late, a sure reward suc ceeds." [TaE END 