The Heart of a Hero. Chapter VIII 'Now you look like something else out of Goethe,' he remarked. 'Yesterday it was Charlotte cutting bread and butter ; to-day it is Lili feeding the chickens.' 'I hate Goethe!' Olivia returned, as she coaxed a fluttering chicken on to her shoulder. 'I can't bear Faust and that silly Gretchen, and I found Wilhelm Meister dreadfully dull and conceited, and Herman and Dorothea bored me. I think Goethe is tiresome and nasty. But then James Nairn says my mind is wholly feminine and personal, and I take small feminine views of everything.' 'James Nairn is very impertinent!' exclaimed Maurice hotly. 'What else should you be, I should like to know ?' 'Oh, he doesn't dislike me for it!' said Olivia demurely. The longing to go for James Nairn grew stronger and stronger in Maurice's breast. Each time Olivia thrust her small hand deep into the bag of grain he was carrying, she forged another link in the chain that bound him. 'This James Nairn', he began abruptly - ' have you known him long?' 'Little more than eighteen months.' " And have you seen him every day all that time?' 'Oh, no! When I first came to England he was just off to Edinburgh,and afterwards he went to London. He has been here now about six months.' . Six months ?' And do you like him ?' ' Hush—here is his mother !' From the house a middle-aged hard-featured woman, dressed neatly in black, with a broad-brimmed balck straw hat with strings tied tightly under her chin, was approaching them. ' Olivia, when did you slip out ? Didn't you promise your uncle that you would stay in your room until these folk were gone ?' ' Yes, aunt Maggie; but one of them, I found, was a friend of mine, Mr Maurice Fitzbernard.' She waved her hand as an introduction, and Maurice bowed. Mrs Bourn eyed him with evident suspicion and disfavour ; but when she addressed him her voice and manner were civil enough. ' You must excuse me sir,' she said; 'but we are guardians to my young niece, and it is my husband's particular wish that she should not converse with strangers.' ' This gentleman is not a stranger, aunt Maggie,' Olivia put in quickly. 'He was out in South Africa with papa.' A curious change passed over Mrs Bourn's face. The brick-dust tint faded from her cheeks and left them a yellowish-brown. She looked hard at Maurice for a few seconds, and moistened her lips as though about to speak. Then suddenly she snatched the sieve from Olivia's hands and began shaking it over the heads of the scrambling, twittering chicken's. You'll be all day over this,' said she explanatorily. ' They ought to have been fed an hour ago. And did you say, sir,' she continued, addressing Maurice, with averted head but in her ordinary matter-of-fact tones, ' that you were out in South Africa with my brother - in - law, Mr Laurence Bourn ?' ' I came back from South Africa about six months ago. But I am Sorry to say I can give you no news of that gentleman, although I wrote out last night to make inquiries of friends who are resident there.' ' Don't, say gentleman, please!' said Olivia sharply . ' We are none of us ladies and gentlemen here, but plain farming people,' she added, with proud humility. ' Nay, you silly lassie, gentlefolk can see for themselves you are not one of us !' her aunt put in with proud asperity. 'There's as much difference between educated and uneducated as there is between the raw wool on a sheep's back and the gown you wear.' 'You are all well educated in Scotland,' Maurice said, in the hope of pleasing her. ' More or less—more or less,' the farmer's wife returned. ' But for the matter of that'—-jerkinq the sieve in the direction of her dainty-featured niece—' education alone doesn't give that. But here —I've spent enough time gossiping! And Olivia, you must come in with me to the house. I must ask you, sir, not to keep her talking. My husband is more than common particular, and 'twill bring trouble on me and on Olivia too if you do not go at once.' ' At least we may finish feeding the poor chickens!' Olivia protested, as she laid her hands upon the sieve her aunt had taken from her. ' You mind what Jamie will be saying,' Maurice beard Mrs Bourn whisper to her niece in a frightened aside, 'What do I care?' retorted Olivia; but she looked a little, startled nevertheless. ' Oh, a perfect love of an old place ! I am only sorry we couldn't see more of it ! And haven't you got a ghost? You really ought to have a ghost after all these years ! An ancient Roman ghost, for instance.' Lady John Wrayburn's sweet Irish voice broke upon the ears of the group by the fowl-house, and the next moment her charming figure emerged from the Gothic doorway, followed closely by Norman Hayley and James Nairn. ' An ancient Roman ghost; would be a great bore,' Norman Hayley was saying. ' He'd wear a toga, and spout yards of blank verse. A ghost like that would be a nuisance.' ' Be quiet, Norman—I don't want your frivolous comments ! I am in search of real information from Mr. Nairn. Are you sure you haven't a ghost, Mr Nairn? Not even a nice fat monk from the days when the place was a monastery?' ' As usual, James Nairn paused before replying, and he looked at the little woman oddly as he answered her. The Castle may have its ghosts,' he said, speaking with some constraint, ' for people who can see them. I have no capabilities as a ghost-finder myself. And ghosts come from within, not from without, Lady John.' ' How interesting ! And so we carry our own ghosts about with us, to take out when we are dull ?' ' Or, rather, the ingredients by means of which we evolve them.' ' There, Norman, do you hear what Mr Nairn says? I might have known you for years without learning so much. And do you live in this dear old place all alone with your mother and father, Mr Nairn ?' ' My stepfather,' he corrected her. ' Yes, we live quite alone.' ' And write all those dreadful things about women without ever seeing one?' Isn't that interesting, Kate ? What a wonderful imagination you must have, Mr Nairn.' There was a faint but unmistakeable accent of sarcasm about the little woman's voice; and, even while she spoke, her eyes had lighted on a small girlish figure in a blue-serge gown and sun- bonnet feeding the chickens within one of the enclosures that bordered the court-yard. ' That is one of the farm-hands over there with your mother and Mr Fitzbernard, I suppose?' Lady Jack suggested to James Nairn with much sweetness. Her malice was rewarded by the heavy frown which darkened James Nairn's face—a frown which suggested a temper the reverse of philosophic, and capabilities for furious anger which any woman might well shrink from exciting. ' That is my mother's niece,' was all he said. 'The girl with the yellow hair at last!' murmured Cuthbert, who with the rest of the parly now emerged from the doorway leading into the great kitchen of the Castle. ' And I'm hanged if that artful Maurice didn't get there first, after all.' ' Say, Sir Ralph,' whispered Ivy Van der Rutter, her pale face growing paler from genuine disappointment and distress, ' your son is talking with that girl and her aunt here, in full view of eveybody. Doesn't that show he is serious ?' ' Maurice? I can't believe it. It isn't like him. The girl must have bewitched him,' protested Maurice's father. 'Stunning little feet she has,' remarked Heremon O'Hara in an undertone to Mr Sleethorpe. The poet was in ecstasies. ' A sun-bonnet,' he murmured. 'Why won't fashionable women learn the infinite charm of those white-fluted caverns down which one peeps at the fresh pink little face of a country maid? What charm is there in these stiff, garnish- coloured hats beside it ? I never see a girl in a sun-bonnet without longing to drop a kiss down it as a tribute.' ' I'd advise you not to in this case. Fitzbernard is not the man to permit poachers on his preserves.' ' We shall actually have to pass close to them,' Nina Cole whispered to her sister. 'And there Maurice stands, flirting with that nasty girl before everybody. It's quite disgusting.' But, as the party proceeded down the courtyard, a cry of delight and surprise from Ivy Van der Butter arrested the attention of every one present. ' Do tell,' she exclaimed. 'It's my Olivia, my little Olivia Bourn. 