IN THE ASSEA1BLV. Far a, time after the Speaker took the chair ou W ednesday politics appeared to have dropped to a dull dead level of monotony. There was no talk of a no- confidence ' motion, and business proceeded in an ordinary manner. But ttie early indications , ! proved false, and Wednesday provided its ! no-confidence motion, and the debating ! was of unusual* interest. The ga ) leries were a linos;, empty v.'hen proceedings opened, and members took their seals as if they were contident of not having tc change them tor at least a few days. Air. Ilandyside was delightfully facetious. He reminded the Treasurer that the State Bank of South Australia (an institution which its spporters have claimed influences the world's monej' market; was still in existence, but that the Bank rate of interest in England was now 6 per cent. How did Air. Holder account for that? Jlr. Holder did not account for it. He presumed the hon. member did not put the question seriously, Air. Jenkins told Air. Koberts that the Government had not decided who would comprise the new i'ohce Board of Enquiry. On a formal luotion ol' adjournment Air. Dumas drew attention to a communication sent to an Oddfellows' Lodge from the Crown Solicitor's office, and the Chief Secretary promised to look into the matter. A fortnight's leave of absence -was granted to Air. Gilbert 011 account of ill-health, and within the half-hour Mr. Grainger rose to move "That a Select Committee be appointed to enquire iato and report on the public iinaiiee*.'' He held it was monstrons that any Treasurer shouia bo able to borrow and lend money withoul any Parliamentary authority. {Air. Aivrhibald—"When did tie lending begin';'") W lieu did the borrowing begin'; If the Treasurer can borrow just lie likes, why not lend'; Tiie Coinmiltee could do its work in a week, ami give assurances to tiie public and lieir creditors, and aheck rumour. His desire was to assist the Treasurer, and if it were the la^t s]jeecii he made in Parliament he would be proud to ihuik that he hid raised his voice for the purpose of urging that the iinances should be put in order. The Treasurer regretted tbe tone adopted by Air. Gi-aingei-. The hon. member professed to be anxious to assist the Government, and then closed by saying tliat every member who voted against the motion wouid be responsible if any disaster occurred. It looked as if Air. Giaihger wanted to cwuse a panic. (Air. Kingston—"Hear, hear.") He would, in re piyiuc to Air. Grainger, also deal vrith Air. Sioloiiion's criticisms. Kverv Treasurer had the ri<rbi 10 borrow money to carry oil the business of the state. There was no compliiiit of his having had to pay high rates of interest for the loans complained oi. (Air. Price—"That was the impression given us last week.") Yes, but it was wrong. (Air. Jenkins—''You get money li_T.ll per cent, cheaper, and they complain.") To have sold Treasury bills they would have been paying 31 per cent., and putting it in the Bank* at 3 per cent. Some people Willie, have him sc-11 Treasury biiis at 3j per cent., locked up for iive years, with a piospc- ct of the money marktic coming down. (.Mr. Solomon—"You have no need to soil them at live years" currency.", Xo: he would not be guilty of such folly. (Mr. Solomon—"No; you prefer to job 011 from day to day.") At this stage the Treasurer v,-.;s aosaiKd by all enfilading lire of interjections at shoi't range. The Sneaker interposed, and Air. Holder insisted upon making his own explanation ill his own way. lie took exchanges from where he could p?;. them best. The representative of ,-n Adelaide linn offered him good terms, and he accepted them. (Air. Solomon— "And you called them trust funds";" I They were put under that 'heading, and later on the Treasurer explained why certain moneys were called I rust, funds, and re- ferred to an Act passed in 1891, giving the Treasurer authority to handle loan Money. (Air. Solomon—"But that does not give authority to take money at thirty days' . % al!.") The methods followed had not been pettifo^sring. but thi - proposition A<r. Darling took exception to and an exchange of compliments—also at short oiill—followed. Air Holder continued in his explanation of the fiinmies. and .Messrs. Arcltibdld, Coneybeer. Kingston, and others sought to assist! him by generously advancing points and liberally cheering, whilst Mr. Playford oci-asioi::dly whispered "Hoar, h:iar," or uttered an eloquc-nt doubting Thomas laugh. If Air. Grainger's motion, said the Treasurer. meant anything, i;. expressed want of confidence in his methods of financing, fliear. hear.) The 'lOvernment, therefore, treated tihe motion as one of no confidence. (Cheers.) Air. Playford. in the capacity cf fti^ candid friend, said that after looking at ihe ma tier carefully he consider;*! the Treasurer had made advantageous terms in the interests of the colony. I Ministerial cheers.) But—and here certain smiles vanished like the mist of a summer's morn—but it was a method, sai'l cx-Tre.isurer, ex-Auenl-General Playior.l, the Chancellor of the Excheqaer would never dream ol" exercising. It was a dangerous power to leave in the hands of a Treasurer who was not able and conscientious. Air. Holder was both able and cmiscienlious. It wa.- a recognised principle of constitutional government that everything «hould be free and above board and nothing kept secret. The Treasurer should have advised the House what he did (Hear, hear.) He did not blame the Treasurer at a lime of crisis stepping outside the law and doing a goad thini; for the colony, hut he ought not. to have kept Parliament iu ignorance. The moneys should not have been covered up under a heading which conveyed an absolutely false impression. When the_ Treasurer told the House that he had sufficient funds to carryon with he (Air. Plavford) was puzzled asto where lie had got it from. If the Treasurer wajs open to rceeivc money on loan he should make it public, and not give an adv.mt.jge to persons who got abnut the "backstairs of the Treasury." Air. Piayi'ord's kaU-iuogfopii- address was carefully listened tf. For 3 minutes he complimented Air. Holder on a smart bit of tinnaeinir. For 5 minutes be condemned Mr. Holder for questionable methods, foc 2 seconds he referred to Jfr. Holder as an "nb'e and conscientious" Treasurer; for 5 minutos he "deprecated gi ving private individuals, who knew the backstairs of the Treasury, an unfair advantage, and for the balance of tbe time occupied lie bit out pretty straight. Mr. Solomon -said that gtaiviDg all he. eo^d to let the Treasurer down lightly, Air. Pliyford had confirmed all that lie (Air. Solomon) bad asserted. The House should strongly resent such transactions. Air. Darling had every confidence in the stability of the country, nut he protested against the way in which the Treasurer had concealed the actual state of the finances. He had nevor dreamt that the Treasurer was receiving money clandestinely from one or two favoured individuals. If the Trear surer had publicly notified that he was taking money, Air. Holder could have got a quarter cf a million or more. There was an abundance or money in South Australia, anil it was all nonsense to talk of any tightness of the local money market. At the very time that the Treasurer was taking money from lOlder, Simth, & Co. a 3 per cent, that firm was publicly advertising that it was taking deposits at 2 and *2J per cent. (Ijiughter.) Splendid busme.ss! He could have, got for him a million^>n such terms. He protested against tue linauciug methods adopted by tbe Treasurer. (Air. Brooker, hesitatingly—"He has done away with the middleman.") This ; too good a point for Mr. Darling to miss, and he turned the laugh against the "anti-middirmen." Why, the Treasury had thrown himself into the arms -of the middlemen. and shown himself to be financially indebted to middlemen. (I-aughter.) (Mr. Solomon—" 'Democrats!' Elder, Smith and Go." Laughter.) For half an hour Australia's prince of grain merchants treated the House to an excellent address on the working of the Exchange market. For six years the Treasurer had followed lines laid down bv Alicawber. (Mr. O'Loughlin—"Ah, but he's come out all right." Laughter.) Mr Burgoyne thought that the enquiry would do good, front whatever point of \\-iew they looked at it. Air. Roberts expressed pleasure that a spirit of criticism was growing in the Assembly. W 7 hilet asking for the witiidiawal of the motion, he did not approve of the system of financing brought to light. Air. Giles complained of the system followed and of tbe undue advantage given to one firm of woolbrokers over others. It was unfair to other business houses. He joined with other members in congratulating Air. Solomon on the good he had done in" disclosing the transaction. Mr. Hutchison complimented Mr. Grainger on the manner he had introduced the subject. He had confidence in Air. Holder, but admitted that the system might prove dangerous ' in the hands of some Treasurers. Mr. Caldwell would not be satisfied until they had a Committee of Finance, the same e as other colonies. Air. AtcDonald considered the House and country were indebted to the Solomon Government for the services tliey had rendered during their term of office. Air. Archibald supported the Government, but c-onsiderod the Treasurer bad made an error of judgment, and appealed to liim on patriotic motives not to do it again. Air. Kingston then Tose full of apparent righteous indignation. He slashed about liim in a style which recalled some lines in the While Feather comedy, where a de- I>osed chief sings:— I'm chicf of the tribe of the Wa-wa-la-sec, As savage a savage as savage can be; I've scalped and I've murdered full many a foe— Miorus. Yes, yes; but that happened a long time ago. Though now a private member, Air. Kingston's broadsides attracted attention, whilst Government stocks rapidly rose to a premium. Air. Solomon, lie said, had tried to trick Air. Holder out of office, but had failed to move a motion of no confidence, when the Treasurer tame into power, as he consistently should have done. That attempt had devolved upon Air. Grainger, l- who had been collaborating with Air. Solomon. (Air. Grainger and Air. Soiomon— (Juite incorrect. Alt - . Grainger—I'll tell you v, hut 1 think of you directly!) Accepting the full risk of such a threat, the member for West Adelaide forged straight ahead. In scashing terms he deprecated the disgraceful practices of some hon. members of ^taking infamous charges and indulging in imputations. Alenibers inconsiderately laughed, just as if the right hon. gentleman wus indulging in a good joke. But he w-as very much in earnest, and the Politician as Preacher delivered a forceful sermon, which might have bad the Golden Kule—cum—Ten Commandments— cum—Sermou on Alount as a text. He extolled the Treasurer, considered his opponents bad been put to rout, and closed a vigorous address by challenging the enemy to "come on" and do their worst. Air. Grainger referred to the"bounce and bluster" they had just experienced. Air. Kingston, he said, practised the old game of skulking behind members and speaking last. A!*-. Solomon had no knowledge o» the tabling of the motion, and Air. Kingston's insiuuaticn had no truth in it. Air. Kingston's history in South Australia made it unnecessary for anybody to bring accusations against him. His actions spoke louder itban words, but he (Air. Grainger) would not pursue that subject. Had the Trcflsuiy advertised he could have obtained half 's million or more on better terms. The Treasurer had wilfully deceived the House by withholding information, and only giving half the truth when questioned on the condition of the finances. Alembers had reason to be susoicious. (Air. Kingston —Suspicion ever haunts the guilty mind.) Then tbe hon. member must be haunted by a ghost day and night. (Laughter.) Air. Grainger asked leave to withdraw his motion, but Air. Kingston loudly cried "No." and it was negatived on the voices. Alotions in tie names of Air. Giles for a Commission on educational system; of Mr. Grainger in reference ta elections for tjhe Federal Parliament; Mr. Glynn on effective voting, were swept off the paper. The Treasurer delivered a sneech on Air. Wood's motion dealing with the perennial Arthur -will case, and the matter dropped, owing to a motion for a fortnight's adjournment having been negatived. After the dinner hour Air. Ro-uusevell touk up the tale on the Government policy, and devoted considerable attention to the "erratic" methods of financing, and then twitteld the so-called "Liberals/' who after nailing their "household .suffrage" fla^ to the mast had struck it. Those members would probably be heard again indulging in mock hc-roics. There was no chance of the £15 Franchise Bill parsing in the Council He defended the action of tbe Solomon Government in connection with the negotiations with the Glenelg El.iifway Company. Air. Kingston, who followed, said be rose with harmonious feelings. (Ijau^hter. Air. Clyi;n--Vi"aguerian'hannony."-") He wanted nothing made in Germany. (Laughter.) The Kirifisipn Govenimc-nt could have held oiiice if they had given way. The hon. member then paid a tribute of praise to his old colleagues, those who were in office again and tJrase left out. He was standing out. (Air. Livingston—"And still boss thj show."") Alembers looked up astonished at the source of such an interjectio-n.) He never bossed anything. (Laughter.) The defeat cf the Kingston Alinistry was the betrayal of a great cause—"household suffrage." (Air. Wood, tenderly—"Oh, isn't this rich.") Then the House for an hour was treated to one of the ablest speeches heard in the Assembly for many I a day. Air. Kingston rose to federal altitudes of eloquence, and deliphitd liis audience with a thoughtful, forceful, and elabolute address cn the franchise question, the constitutional position, and his own relations towards household suffrage, and the proposal to come down to a £15 qualification. From his point of view it was a . capital speech—too exhaustive and closely le.tsonen to lend itself to a summary. But Hie ex-Premier could not keep it up. In the second hour Air. Kingston fell from his 1 high estate, and indulged 111 an all-round ' per.-?onal attack, which was shared by the Hon. J. L. Stirling, and Alessrs. Solomon, Hurgoyne. Glynn, and others who, in the opinion of the rx-Preinier, had sinned in I some way or another. There were big sins ' and little sins, but sins tliey were when meisured by Mr. Kingston's code of honour. Air. Bui-goyne was constrained to exclaim—"Oh. what trifliug is this!"' Air. Glynn took the matter seriously—notwithstanding that Air. Kingston smiled just as I much as he fumed and frowned—and he : interjected freely. At the close of his address Mr. Kingston was loudly cheered, and three Alinisters and several members , walked across and warmly shook him by i the hand. A!r. Burgoyne thereupon ob- : tained an adjournment of the debate. I The Commissioner of Public W T orks moved tbe second reading of the Glenelg Uail- I XVay iiiii, and WJB followed by several speakers, who urged that the existing rights of imputation along the lines of railways should be observed. Air. Glynn made some pointed references to Air. Kingston's "iiisinuatiojis." No member had a right to impute dishonesty againsL any otiier member. . The negotiations with the Glenelg < '-ompauv were further explained, and the Hill was taken into Committee. WTien there Mr. Price inserted an amendment with a view of preventing deviations being made without the knowledge of Parliament. The measure was taken up to its final ;stage. j The balance of the sitting was devoted to . reducing the Notice-paper, and the Premier notified that he would ask members lo meet at 2 o'clock on Friday and Monday next, and then mornings, afternoons, and evenings uivtil the Governor arrived for prorogation purposes. 