MUSTALtl) AND OKKSS THE KXHIBITMN BACKET. (HV"SAIA«IV ] When Mr, Albert VWttin, otlicnvise Prince Albert of Saxc-Uoburg. Consort of Queen Victoria, first thought of an international exhibition of the industries of all nations lie struck a bright idea. It was a great success and enabled representatives of all nations to study British manufactures and to, subsequently, enter into keen, not to say, violent, competition with the same. London was crammed in 1851; you had to pay lialf-a-crown for the privilege of going to sleep standing up in a corner, aud people on a billiard table paid 10s each, those underneath having the sleeping space at a rcduced figure., But siucc 1851 the exhibition idea has degenerated. The first exhibition at which boodle and billct-huntiug predominated was that at Paris in 1878, when Coleman's mustard was awarded the Legion of Honor! Ghost of Napoleon where art thou! The Legion of Honor for making mustard! Since 1878 the chief end of every exhibition lias been boodle and billets, with a certain desire to see foreign money spent among local liotclkecpers. We have had several exhibitions in Australia—all of thcin ridiculous allairs which moved foreign visitors to laughter. The most ridiculous was that in Sydney in 1879. It caused money to be spent and brought a lot of visitors to Sydney. Among others it brought crowds of workmen who, when the exhibition was over, formed the " unemployed" which thenceforward became a permanent institution. The absurdity of holding an " exhibition of industries" in Sydney is that New South Wales doesu't manufacture anything but sausages. Our exhibits in our own exhibition consisted almost entirely of coal, hides, tallovr, and wool. Of course there were thousands of little tinpot exhibits not good enough to send to Molong show. I knew a girl who got an award for engrossing. The engrossing would disgracc a child of six, but it was hanging on the wall side by side with the lovely ceititiealo of merit (printed in New York!) issued by the Exhibition Commissioners. When Parliament refused funds for the representation of New South Wales at the Greater Britain Exhibition in London I was glad. It looked liko a return to common sense. It our speculators (may Providence increase their numbers and give them courage J) want to shove their paint mines and things on to the London market, let them do so at their expense JIB. J. c. KKILD is the author of the preseut Di"orce Act, uuder which so many people are getting unhitched that there'll hardly be a married couplo left in the country directly, Mr. Neild had a lot of work to get the Act passed, and was afraid of being regarded as a man of one idea. He said to me one day: "J hope I haven't struck you as being a man of one idea?" "Oh, uo, Mr. Neild," replied deponent, " you always struck me as being a man without any ideas at all!" But that was only a joke. Mr. Neild lias had bad luck in politics. He struck an original idea in 1894, and if he strikes another like it he is a lost Jawbone. He said Protestants ought to pray for the Pope, aud this when he (Mr. Neild, of cours.) was head of the Orange Institution—the Orange Leader, as he jocularly observed to your humble servant! Now, without wishing to raise the sectarian bogey, I will say that I do not think there is any need for Protestants to pray for the benevolent aud aged recluse who is the present occupant of the throne of St. Peter. There are millions of good Catholics to pray for his Holiness, if need be, and Mr. Neild would have beeu more to the purpose if he had urged his followers to pray for the members of the New South Wales Parliament, not as a matter of courtesy or Christian love, but because thoy need it. The result of the B.W.G.M's. extraordinary suggestion was that the R.W.G.M. was pitched out of Parliament neck and crop. It was an unfortunate time, for the Bcid party was successful at the polls, and nothing could have provented Mr. Neild getting a portfolio but his defeat for the Assembly. For, whatever they say about him, Mr. Neild is a man of experience, of more than ordinarily good presence, and of considerable ability. But lie was out of Parliament, and so missed a portfolio. No fear of George ileid feeding a dog that couldn't bite him. In 1895 Mr. Neild got back into Parliament, and bccamo a military officer before anybody had time to stop him and wont" home to London," whore he was regarded as a very great porsonage indeed. At least, 1 hoar ho was so regarded, and that Lis waxed mostachios were the wonder and envy of the BoyalHorse Guards Blue, the gentlemen who sit like statues on their liorees under the arches iu Whitehall and never move an eyelid at the ribald jests of passing urchins, who ask if they have swallowed a poker, and so on. Mr. Neild returned and expected a portfolio, which he ought to have got, when three fell vacant six months ago. Here endeth the first lesBon. WHAT 6HAIX WE DO WITH HIMP When the Government was first attacked after tho allotment of the thr o portfolios referred to, Mr. Neild did not turn up to rote on the division. Said he had been attending a ball, a cannon ball I suppose, and couldn't reach the Assembly in time, though the Government had all the telephones in Sydney ringing like mad to find him- It was then seen that something must be done for Neild. He would not bo trifled with, that was evident. And when at a subsequent crisis the honorable and gallant member (accent on the fint syllable in gallant, please) was found working all sorts of dodges and points on behalf of the Government it was at once apparent that something had been decided upon in regard to Neild. But in the present state of politics the Government proposes and the Assembly disposps. The Government decided that the colony fhuuld be represented at the Greater Exhibition to be held at " Earl's Court," London. In parenthesie Xraay mention that j there is no such place as " Earl's Court;" it is a name used to denote that part of Kensington through which runs a street called Earl's Qourt Road. In fact. " Earl's Court" in Kensington moans what " West KH I" means in Orange, or "Brickfield Hill" in George-street. But let us return to our sheep as the French say. Mr. Neild was to be appointed Executive Commissioner for New South Wales, and was to get another trip to London. Of this there is no manner of doubt, no possible, probable shadow of doubt, no possible doubt whatever. If Mr. Rcid and Mr. Neild were both to deny it from now until Doomsday nobody would believe them. And by the same token if we had been represented we could not have had a more capable man than' Mr. Neild. But the Assembly wouldn't stand him, and bccauso it was thought he would be appointed the proposed vote of £8,000 was reduced to £4,000, only sufficient to cover expenses up-to-date, aud the whole idea has been abandoned. Mr. Neild is very indignant about it and says that £3,500 has been wasted, including £2,500 for floor spacc. Well, that is the Government's fault. If Mr. Ileid thinks that anything he does will pass he is mistaken, evidently. Besides, it doesn't follow that because £3,500 has been wasted without authority that another £4,500 should be wasted with authority. If the other Australian Ministries have persuaded their Parliaments to throw money away on tho Greater Boodle Exhibition, that's their business. It is sheer nonsense to say there is any good in exhibitions nowadays, except for promoters and commissioners There is nothing iu them but buncc aud boodle, aud if the Government wants to do something for Mr. Neild it will have to find some other honorable post for him, such as Royal Commissioner on the Use of Atmosphere iu tho Manufacture of Illuminants, or Inspector-General of Southern Breakwaters. POLICE INTELLIGENCE. If the police in charge of the Gatton outrage case are not doing their level best to screen the guilty, they arc the stupidest lot of policemen that ever wore No. 11 boots, which is saying a good deal. They are informed by oue man of the commission of a crime unequalled in the history of Australia, l'hc first thing they do is to invite, or to allow, hundreds and hun reds of people to trample around at the scene of the crime. Then, when all possible tracks arc utterly lost, they send for black-trackers. Next they bury the bodies without auy examination worth the name bciug held, aud proceed to find a pillow-case. Days aro spent cogitating over the pillow-case, aud then it occurs to some intelligent official that perhaps after all it would be just ns well to find out what the victims died of! Aud the bodies arc dug up agaiu, when it is found that Michael Murphy was shot in the back of the head. Before that it was taken for granted he was bludgeoned and strangled like his sisters. Either tho police wanted to hide the fact that-the brother was shot, which fact (by the bullet) might lead to the arrest of the guilty, or elso they mux! be o mutton- headed lot. It seems almost incredible that the victims of such a frightful crime should have "been buried without proper examination. I do not believe, with all the defects of our police system, that such a thing could possibly happen in New South Wales. Aud, so fur from allowing tracks to be destroyed, our policemen are only too ready to act as amateur black-trackers themselves if called ou! IN THE TBAKSVAAL. If any person desires to know what may bo tho evil result of allowing one class to impose taxes while another class pays them, he may find out by actual experience if he goes to the Transvaal. I see by the Johannesburg .Star that the Executive Council of the Republic passed a minute in November last for further taxing gold-mining coin panics. The Council, it seems, consists of eight members, including President Kruger aud General Joubert. But General Joubert was away suppressing a native rising, and three other members were absent. Of the four remaining in November at Pretoria one was the President, oue the State Secretary, aud two gentlemen usually regarded as mere tools of tho President. The Star of 19th November says " tho Executive Council and Government consists of Mr. Kruger." What Mr. Kruger asked the Volksraad (Parliament) to do was to impose additional taxation on these lines: Five per cent on all nett profits of all claims or mining properties in the Republic, whether owned by compauics, syndicates, or individuals! I observe that ono lying vagabond iu the Volksraad declared that it was only a fair tax, as in Australia there was a tax on the output of gold mines amounting to 16 per cent! 1 believe thero in a Government royalty in New South Wales of 2s per oz„ but I doubt if anybody has evor paid it. But 16 per cent! Fancy paying a tax of about 12s on every ounce of gold wou. The tit>r declares the five per cent tax on profits equal to a 20 per cent tax on dividends, which is not very easy to understand, unless three-fourths of all profits are kept for extension of work or reserve funds, which is incredible. In the Transvaal also here is a monopoly given to a firm of dynamite-makers, who make the mining companies pay through tho nose, which so seriously increases the cost of working that shares have fallen in value. But the Joliannesburgers deserve all they get. They should have helped Jamison aud freed themselves from the thrall of Krugerdom when they had the chance. At present the bulk of the people seem to have no voice at all. CBBEKIFG OOII PAUL. There's one cheerful feature about the Transvaal and that is that the Uitlander journals give President Kruger and his relatives and parasites plenty of cheek. Referring to the visit of Dr. Leyds (President Eruger's Special Ambassador) to Europe die dtar says: gome weeks have now elapsed since Dr. Leyds was formally received by the German Emperor. Since then there nave been no official cables telling us of Dr. Ley4<> being received by other potentates. So far as wo know, he has not yet entertained a single King or Queen. He is, perhaps, relegating such gorgeous acts of hospitality to the future, whilo his time is being fully occupied in upsetting the Great Britain and Germany understanding. In his own little tin-pot way. Dr. Leyds contributes to tlio gaiety of nations. And talking of tho proposed heavy taxation '(since passed) ou the output on the goldmines on the Rand it remarks: Wo say we do not believe that Mr. Kruger is so dull-witted as to put his taxing measures into force, even if the llaud is ready to give him the power to do so. But tho damage to his reputation, to the credit of the country, ana that rugged Boer honesty—a belief iu which still obtains in remote parts of Europe—will be irreparable. 