MB!!!®. ALL VttlGHTB RESERVED. By HENRY LAWSON, Author of V'Whilo the Billy Boils.'" Tlioae be Skctclios of .tlio Ruolr the Rush— Of those who wont to- the Golden West aud got no gold, - hut helped others to get it, as did the leaders, which last, indeed, won the gold xor others— Of those who want steerage or worked their way, and came baok as they went —Of those who went saloon with money, and came back steerage with none, which last was a nuiemeus ana unpar donable mistako — Of thOBe of the above who had wives and families— And of the retreat. IV. ' THE NEW WESTWARD HOI 1— "SALOON." i was one or those who were wise enough to go weBt, saloon, with a few pounds, and fool ish enough to come back steerage with few shillings. There was nothing brilliant, not even a gleam of originality In that; the blun der, is as old as the Prodigal Son, with, whom it no doubt originated. Anybody can see thQt it was dull, common-place,' foolishness on my part. My frlcndB have told me so, I should have gone steerage with nothing, and come back saloon with a pile; I can see that for myself now, but was 'too busy, battling for groceries, those times, to think of the future. , The Paroo was an Adelaide Steamship Com pany's boat, and so our manly; nuggety,- plea sant little quartermaster— oldest hand, and favourite with the captain, who had taken hhn out of several boats into severs! others; our cheerful, intelligent little quarter master — who held a first mate's certificate, but preferred to remain cumfortably a quar. termaster — was, on account of the company's Initials, obliged to do his duty with, knitted large in red across the front of his blue guernsey, the letters, A.S.S. And no one seemed to notice It; he had doubt less forgotten all about It, and couldn't have smiled, or received an impression, had his at tention been drawn to it, for I take it that the joke, if It was a joke, was worn out shortly after the company started. I suppose a man, who showed no sign of it In his face, general appearance, speech, or manner, could, lii tho way of business, go about with " Fool" writ large across the frqnt of him, and no no tice be .taken of It after a little while— no thing stjen in it to grin about. It would need a new Joke every five minutes, and a broad Joke at that, to keep the English world smil ing moderately now-a-days. First among the passengers— first on ac count of his name, mostly, and partly because of his geporal good- sortedness — was a mining expert, a stout, elderly gentleman of Pick wickian proportions— there was a hint of Pickwick about his spec.'s, too; he was a Rus sian Pole, from the States, or a German— the wife says he was a Russian— travelling In tho Interest of some big syndicate, or syndicate' of syndicates. All the. gold ; that hasn't been found-in the world belongs by right to the syndicates, you understand, because thpy have most of the gold that has been found, und went to some trouble and expense, and put up with considerable anxiety and consequent loss of sleep to get It from the diggers. And, hi case they should be cheated of their due they send boundary riders all over the world to whore gold; Is being got, or likely to he found. Our expert had been in South Africa, and all round several times; he had about £600 worth of jewellery oh his fingers and shirt — some of It presents no doubt. And his name — well, here's his card: . MODEST MARYANSKI. ' '| Mining Engineer, and | Mining Expert. . . j There was a joke to the effect that, when ' the old gentleman called at a post-office, en route, and asked, "If de're vas any 'letters for Modest Maryan-skl?" the delivery clerk. If he had noticed the address, on envelopes, would regard him with great interest; or Eee- Ing a stout, pleasant-faced, well-to-do elderly gentleman before him he would think It was a Joke he couldn't catch on to for the momeni, and grin as In duty bound. Then Modest would exclaim, "I asked you if dere. vas any letters for Modest Maryan-skl? Are you deaf? Vat makes you stand crlnnlng dere, and doing nossing? Vas it funny?" Probq- bly, by this time, the clerk would be hysteri cal, and maybe he'd shove a less emotional fellow clerk behind the window, and recover out of sight of Modest Maryan-skl. But Mr. Darrow, Maryanskl's assistant, a slight, quiet, gentlemanly Yankee, from somo big mlneraloglcal college in the-Ktatos-who collected everlasting flowers, sea-weed, "and shell for his mother— a dear old lady by her portrait— Mr. Darrow, one sadly beautiful . .evening on the upper deck, about the time when sea-travellers grow confidential, told mo about things which Maryanskl had done for poor devils on God-forsaken fever-strickeh . fields — and which only Darrow and _the said poor devilB knew of— tiiat gave me a great re spect for the old gentleman. I ceased to see anything humorous about his name; but T Baw where the "Modest" came in. But Modest Maryanskl was a man of the world, who knew the wisdom of get ting w hat he paid for. There were no eggs after Melbourne! and this was scandalous, from Maryanskl's point of view: "It waa dredful! Eet vos vrlghlful! No x vor dec latles!" , Ho sought earnestly, wildly, to rouse ou« enthusiasm in the matte:;. 'You Australians," he cried, despairingly, "vill complain about nossing! If they gif you pel-son, and keeled you, you vould not com plain!" He had been used to the first hotels, aud, saloons, In the world, while we— I, at least- had been used to the biish, and workman's boarding-houses. He was on a coaster In democratic Australia, where he couldn't pay more than we did. But he didn't see these things. Ho even men of the world have ;nelr limitations. They got some ;'x" for him at Adelaide, ar.d then he devoted hils attention to "looking af ter tiie latles," as he called it. He got a concert ii: 'ull swing in the music-room on deck. when, about 10 o'clock, the Metrics were turned ouit without warning. Oh'! but Maryanskl was an excited foreigner then, arid implored us to Join him In a mutiny. Wo were angry, too; but his broken English and his gestures. In tho moonlight over- balanced us. You see, It was "sailing-day,': the ste wards had had an extra hard day, and jvan- ted a rest. ' - - " But worse was to com. . Maryanskl shared ''' a four berth cabin with another gentleman, and when he went to turn In he fopnd that the other two berth9 were occupied. It was not tight. Considering the high fares they had W right to put four in a cabin of that size. He had his bedding bundled out Into the big lialf-moon shaped smoking-room, 'over the screw. Now, tho vibration from the screw has been troubling Australian shipping own ers for yearsj, and is always a subject for care and anxiety when a new intercolonial boat Is being built at home. -There was'd heavy head sea off Kangaroo Island, and the rvlbration of the screw that night was like that of a heavy, luggage-train break van com ing down a steep place In the mountains. Now, the spirit of the sea was on me: ;I was feeling healthy and restless; drunk with the Intoxication that comes of change; so I turn- led out, as Is my lmblt, on first nlghtB, and, stormy nights, at sea, In the small hours, but toned oni-my overcoat, and stepped out— it fivas n deck cabin — on to the damp deck, glis tening for a few yards In the light of a sub dued 'lectrlc. I wanted to go up on the top deck, and watch the damp, dark decks, and ghoBtly boats in their harness dip and slant as far as the funnel, standing now to star board, now to port,' and pouring out volumeB of black smoke to be flattened d'own by the .wind; to hear tho roar, and see the ghostly phosphorescent breast of what Kipling callB a "mother wave," rise out of the wild dark ness, close alongside, or under the counter; to look for contrast, down through the sky light, Into the quiet music-room, with velvet lounges all round, delicate panel-paintings, tapestry curtains, a piano at one end, a sheet of muslo or a book, here and there — and, per haps, a .-lifeless figure of a sea-slclc passen ger, who couldn't 'breathe lit the state rooms, rolled up In a rug; a canal-y cage or two; and a flourishing fernery round the railed light, well over the dining saloon beneath. To see, perhaps, several tons of water come over the tail amidships. - I wanted then to dodge for'ard to the fo'c'sle-head, were -the silent watch, big in oilskins, like a solid black ghost, moved up and down, now on one side, now on the other, of the anchor gear, struck the big ship's bell In' response to another bell, somewhere aft, and from where I could see an oll-sktnned figure moving, aslant, but otherwise undisturbed by the rolling, on the bridge above; and down over the bows a seemingly fathomless black gulf, from which/ a thunder of foam rose half-way up to us, us the steamer "swooshed" through ft with n mightly swoosh, that Is hke nothing on land. To feel tho swelling rise of the ship, and the swoop that lifts yiou on tip-toe, and fills your lungs. But, first, I stepped Into the smoke-room to load and light my pipe, for I intended to smoke if the wind let pie, and I was aware of a figure that might have been the figure of Pickwick himself, in pyjamas, poking al)out a bed that had been made up on one of the lounges under a- light; and a voice, which was not the voice of Pickwick; or "any English," but which cried- aloud, In foreign tones of agony, which rose above the wail of the gale: "Eet vos a vloatlng hell. Eet vos a vloating h-e-ell!" Maryanskl left the boat at Albany, and took train to Perth. We nil went ashore to the station to see him off, and his spectacles beamed round an us like the glasses of a young grandfather of us all. ' YVe sent him off with a cheer that must have surprised . the natives of those parts— If they, were at last capable of experiencing the emotion of sur prise. He must have had fresh cause for grumbl ing if the railway system hadn't changed Eiiyie I was up that line. The little train used to clock, clock.clocjc, and, ra,Rle along.. in .-a, free-and-easy, all-brothers-and- slsters sort of way; travellers showed the guard their ticket or whisky flask, according to which came handiest; the driver and stoker got down at ff.ttlers' huts to have a cup of tea— or a nip. And the travellers, whom unforseen and in scrutable Fate had destined for places like Beenup, Chokerup, Putltup, or ChuckltuP, stepped down on to tho ballast, and: were left in the midst of an "inward -drawing" wilder ness, where the "weird melancholy of the Australian bush" has her camp— she only haunts, other places— with no particular track to anywhere, -and no one to tell the traveller Where on earth he'd got to, or which way he Was to go to get anywhere else. Now (thinking of Maryanskl), I'm a demo crat, I hope, and have been what I thought was a socialist; also a red Republican — every thing short of a dynamitard;— but I'm con stantly meeting bloated capitalists, and their agents, who turn. out to be pleasant-faced, gentle-spoken, simple-hearted, good-natured men — even cheerful, and Jolly, and boyish. Tis a world of changing contradictions, and man will never get the hang of it. Take our own Randolf Bedford, the mining speculator, for instance, and ex bard, and Journalist; he Went to the West on his uppers, and, devoting the brains he had. put in contributions to the "Bulletin," and other papers, to the purpose Of making money, he naturally made a pile: He lias a winning smile and dimples, and would look, with his moustache off and his liat- on, like a cheerful, fat boy, untroubled With intellect. I think most journalists could make money If they left off writing, and' put their brain Work Into something else. G. R. Sims, I hear, made a good thing out of a hair restorer. And I'm devoting some of my surplus brooding to ' the invention of a , No! I won't give it away. (TO BE CONTINUED NEXT SATURDAY.) 