SENSATIONAL ISLAND NEWS. A TERRIBLE TIDAL WAVE. HUNDREDS OF NATIVES SWEPT AWAY. MASSACRES OF TRADERS. SYDNEY, May 5. The steamer Archer, trading under the auspices of the Pacific Islands Company, re- turned to Sydney this afternoon after an extended cruise among the South Sea Islands. Besides the Gilbert, Ellice and Marshall groups she visited New Britain, New Ireland and numerous scattered islands to the east of New Ireland. She brings sen- sational news from the Marshall Islands. The captain reports that a tidal wave had swept over several of the islands, causing a considerable amount of damage. The tidal wave was also felt at the Gilbert and Ellice groups, New Ireland, and Feed Island. At Nukufatau the tidal wave was very destructive and at Feed Island it devastated the native settlements. While the Archer was at Jaluit, in the Marshall Islands, a German trading schooner came into port from the Carolines, and reported that the tidal wave had extended there, causing great loss of life. Captain Hitch- field, of the German schooner, informed Captain Henry, of the Archer that one of the Caroline group had been entirely swept away by the wave, and that several hundred lives must have been lost. Captain Hitchfield was in the vicinity at the time, and succeeded in rescuing some of the natives. The same wave reached as far as New Ireland, but did not do much damage there. Several massacres were reported in the Bismarck Archipelago. At New Ireland a trader named Peterson informed Captain Henry that he had sent two of his boats down the coast in February last to trade. They had reached the trading grounds and the boats were anchored for the night. Whilst the crews were asleep the natives put off from the shore in war canoes, cap tured the boats and their freight and mas sacred all on board. The two boats were manned by 11 natives whose bodies were taken ashore and eaten. The boats were subsequently destroyed. At New Britain some months ago a little trading ketch called the Sea Ghost started out for the neighbouring islands on a trading trip. Arriving at Nusa, she was captured by the natives, and the whole of the crew were massacred. One of the murderers was recently captured at New Britain, having joined one of the trading vessels. He was duly sentenced to death, and was shot a few days before the Archer started for Sydney. The German warship Moewe had started out from New Britain for Nusa one punitive expedition in con- nection with the same massacre. 