A Transvaal Trading Store N a small curve off the main I road stands a long, low, galvanised iron building with a broad stoep and an overhanging verandah. Be hind it is a narrow etretch of cultivated land, hem med in by a sod wall, and back of all a small cluster of young eucalyptus trees. The blazing sun beata down on the iron roof with a fierceness to which the ealvanised sheets lend stili greater intensity, and the blankets, clothing, ; and oiher go -ds in the store etill furJier aid; and ' the atmoapliere in the ehop can best be described by the remark made in the writer's hearing by an intelligent but irreligi ous traveller, that 'a man who could live in a Transvaal etore would freeze to deaih in hell.' But the trader does net mind this; cr if he does he doesn't say eo. Dressed in a pair of trousi«, a Lght pair of ehoee, and a flannel shirt he reclines on a convenient part of the counter, and with the aid of hia pipe passes the time until a customer arrives. Should the customer be a white man, the storekeeper and he will as a rule retire into the little side room for a few minutes, and a bottle and a couple of glasses will be pro duced. Shculd he, on the other hand, be a nig ger, the trader will glance at him casually, and, without moving, will a-sk him what he wants. He d-es this because Kaf&rs; often want something which they know the storekeeper has not got. : The Kaffir is gregarious, and likes to have a chat, , especially with a white man. When such is tne ; case the trader can tell the nigger to be off, with- I out disturbing himself in any way. ThLs, of . cGunse, saves trouble. The shelves in the back of ] the stop are pi.ed up with gaudy blankets, cloth- \ ing of all deicriptiens, tinned goods, clocks and viue;, ? cheap 'jewellery,'' and various other com modities. Below these shelves are the bine where the sugir, flour, meal, coffee, etc., are kept. On one side are the email shelves where the patent medicines stand. This is the most import ant branch in the Transvaal up-country trade, and the trader as a rule acte as medical adviser to the whele neighborhood. The average Bosr takes more medicine than the wonat hypochon driac in any other part of the world. This is ow ing to indigestion. The Boer is patient and long suEering in oame respects, but when it comes to a caee of sickness he is in a hurry. He wants to get right at once, and so he will go to the store, and, acting on .the advice of the trader, will pur chase a remedy. When he finds in a couple of days that the medicine has nut cured him he immediately jumps to the conclusion that it is no good. He will then go, and, relying on his own judgment, will purchase same other medicine and start in on that. At the same time, if he gets the cb&nce;, he will jump a sample of something else to have a go at when he has got tired of the other. How on earth he keepe alive is a mys.ery. It rnuet be that the climate eaves him. I can't ac count for it in any other way. Outside the tetcre, on the eto=p, are the agricul tural implements, ploughs, harrows, new American inventions of all sizes and descriptions that are too big or too heavy to be easily carried away, and at all hours of the day, from early morn until sun £ei, you will find a nigger attired In a soldier's old red coat seated on one of these articles. Where this darkey ccmes from is a puzzle. During a long acquaintance with the Transvaal I have never arrived at a etore 'without encountering one of these objecte on the etoep. In fact, I used to look for him, and on one occasion, won a substan tial stake by betting with a companion that w« wculd find a kaffir in a soldier's coat at the three first stores we arrived at. He, of course, lost the bet, and being a newcomer, seamed at first to think that I had had sjme hand in having these people there, biit he has long since grown wiser, and knows 'by this that the 'soldier kaffir' is as much an adjunct cf the Transvaal trading store as a ghost is of a respectable English caotle, the enly difference being that the former is much more in evidence. As the eun gees down and the evening closes in the storekeeper will come out side and will watch the change; after which he will retire into his email bed-room, and his 'boy' will bring him in hie supper. He will eat this, and then light his pipe and turn into bed; another half-hour will see the light die out in his window, and the house given over to sleep. At the first break of dawn he will be awakened by the bay bringing him his coffee, and he will then get up, unlock the dcors, and prepare for another day. It is not a cheerful life, but to the men who lead it it has a strange fascination, and 'once a Boer trader always a Boer trader' is a stock saying in tha Transvaal. — Ormond Lodge, in 'Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper.' A Glasgow newsboy has lately come in for a rare slice of luck. He used to sell newspapers at the door of a large business office in town. One of the principals began to take notice of him, questioned him, and found that he was the son of a respectable woman, a soldier's widow. The gentleman has now taken the boy under his pro tection, is giving him a decent education, and has promised him employment later on, in the event of good behavior. 