HUMOUROUS. He (cautiously) : ' Why would you BS, darling, if I should aek you to be m; wife V Darling : ' Aßk me and fini out. Clerk : ' I can't read thia letter, sir The writing is very bad.' Mr. Flareup ' Pshaw, any donley oan read it ; pits i here.' Ikey : ' Please, farder, give me a penn; for ice cream. I am eo hot. Father' ' Ikey, mein shoo, dat is a vaist of money I viii tell yon a fine ghost story dat vii make your blood run cold.' A teacher was conversing with hii pupils about the five senses and theil importance. Teacher : ' Suppose wehac to be deprived of ona of oar five senses, which of them could you most readilj dispense with, Fitz Lehmann V Fits (recently chastised for misbehaviour, and rubbing the part effected): 'Feel' ing-' A mother, indignant to find her little eon very low in his olaes at echool, ex- claimed, wrathfully : ' I am out of all patience with you, Jack. I should just like to know wby George Jones is always at the head of the class while you are always at the foot V Jack hesitated foi a moment, and then, looking his mother squarely in the face, he said, innocently : 1 You forget that Jones has very olever parents.' To heal wounds made by Cupid's darts there's nothing like another arrow. ' Ignóranos is blies' until you come to look back on it and see what a fool it has made of you. Kind old Lady : ' Haven't you got any parents, little girl I' Lizzie : No, lady, I horned in an orphan asylum.' Ethel : ' I've had fully a dozen offers of marriage lately.' Maud : Mercy, mel Good ones'' Ethel : 'Tes ; all form, George.' Smith : Onr fool of a Bervant girl tried to light the fire with kerosene this morn- ing.' Jones: 'Have you discharged her 1' Smith :1 We haye not found her yet.' He : 'Was there any fool sweet on you before I married you V She : ' Yes, one.' 1 Pm sorry you rejeoted him.' But I didn't rejeot him ¡ I married him.' JoneB : ' I hear you have asked .your minister to resign.' Brown : 1 Had to. He pounded the pulpit eo hard that we couldn't sleep.' . Mother : ' Where did you learn that new -piece V Daughter :1 It isn't a new piece. The piano haB been tuned.' Mother : ' Didn't I see you kiss the lieutenant ?'. Daughter : 1 But-but he began it.' Ethel :. ' He doesn't seem to take our engagement a bit seriously.' Grace : ? Jaok always was reokless. But never mind, dear, he probably will later on, Helen : ' Young Sof tleigh proposed to me last night. He ought to have known beforehand that I should refuse him. Mattie : ' I'm sure he did, dear.' TUE CHINESE TOMMY ATKINS. From private Ah Sin, of the let Imperial Wol-hai-wei Wastrels: ' Ile first ohop Blitieh plivate, yes I Me Bogor of de Quean I Me have no bow and allows now, But lille-magaleno, Me wear led coat, me march-lite-left 1 ? Like Inkleesh. walior do ; You savvy, eh I Dis Chinaman's A To-Meo-At-Kliu, too l ' Me like the. yuliform-oh, yea I Me Swagga up an' down ; Me say ' chin ohin' to Inklish gells, Like1 Too-Mee' does up town. . Wua ting, though, gave me pain at first I Me keep awake all night, Becoss, as British eoger-man, Me tink me haye to fight, < But that's all light. What fight? Not me. Me fire de cannon 1 No I Me go to war? No, not at all, . Nor yet on eently-go, . The Inkleesh ofi'oers Bay to me, 'Ah Sin, out down that thicket 1 Now, roll the glonnd I' Den they say 'Goot ! Feel out, while we play dicket I' ' An that is what 1 do all day, A ' lnng-foel hoff ' I am, . . And evly time I miss the ball ? -v: %. . De Connel he soy ' Dam !' ' i Sometimes I am not quiok enough . To Jiggle flom its touoh. An' when it catoh me in the tum I It hurt me velly muoh. I ' Bat still I miss it as a rule ; An' standin in the san. An' running evly now au' then For me is first olass fun. To be a Blitlsh soger man ' I find is all selene ; It only meaiiB you've got to play . At clioket for the Queen,' ' Truth ' THE BECBUIT AND ANDEEE. The latest story about the Kaiser is told the Berlin correspondent of the Standard, At a recent inspection of recruits, His Majes- ty asked one of them his name, and was told ' Andree.' On the Kaiser asking him if he was aware that he had a famous name- sake, the soldier answered in the affirma- tive. ' 1 Who told you that?' aeked the Emperor, ' My oaptain, your Majesty.' 'And what did your oaptain tell you about Andree?' 1 Your Majesty, the captain Bald that he only wished Andree had taken me with him 7' NO CHABÖE FOB HOGWASH. : A gontleman whilo touring on his bicycle in Ireland, feeling very thirsty, went into a cottage, and asked its owner,1 a poor lone widow, would she kindly give him a drink of water. She was busily engaged prepar- ing food for ' the gintleman that pays the rent, but instantly Bet off as though she were going to tho well. She returned with a mug full ot fresh butter-milk. When the weary tourist had satisfied bis thirst, and not knowing the hospitable nature of tho very poorest Irish peasant, he aBked : ; ' How muon do I owe you ?' ; 1 What for, your hononr ?' said the woman with eurprieo in her look and voice. -4 For the refreshing drink that I've had.' ' Oh, it ia the butter-milk you would bs paying for 7 Sure that's what wo give to the pigs.' 