WHAT DIVERS SEE : t had been a boy in the British Navy said Andrew Cameron to a writer in tha 'Chicago Inter-Ocean,' but at the age of 18 (the pre Bsribed age) I took the position of torpedo diver. My first real diving experience was off Trincomalee, Isle of Ceylon. The mail » . 1-r 1 ? 1 ? 3 ? n:r._-3 n«r] rtll tinned f\V% OOab nauitUW UilU U(ipol£GU, ailu an ti«u«a v»** board were drowned. The daughter of the Governor of that island had been to England, and was going home on this Bhip. I was at Singapore at the time, and -was sent for by Admiral Ryder, to recover the mails and bring the bodies bacK. When I had got up about everything, add all the luggage and bodies I could find I was informed that the Gover nor's daughter was Btill miBsing. At last I found her in a small state-room, where she had been sitting with her satchel in her hand, ready to go aBhore. I had no thought of finding anyone in the room,as the ports were shut, whereas all the rest of the ports were open. Upon entering the door, a strong circulating'current was caused, and in an instant the life-line body rose at me with a bound., Perfectly dazed, I finally came to the surface. When they saw me the men cried: ' Scotty has seen a ghost.' When I recovered a little bit, I said: ' You had better go down yourself and find the ghost.' Then they told me that my hair was white, and I went to a glass and saw my hair, which had been very black, had in stantly changed and was half white. I was the only diver there, so that as soon as I was able I went down and brought up the body. My second diving operation was off tha Isle of Wight.' H.3VI.S. Eurydice sank and 500 boys and men were drowned, only two men having escaped. Your humble servant being at Portsmouth at the time, I was telegraphed to go down and get the bodies, etc. I pro ceeded with the work, raising them by means of a heavy case, with iron binding. The work was at a depth of twenty fathoms, and the Bight of the hatchways leading' down to the main deck jammed with the men, as they had rushed together to get up, was the vileat I have ever seen. It was necessary to separate them one by one. and pass them to my mate. The work had to be done carefully, aB they would slip away if merely touched. We found men sitting at a table actually writing letters to folks at home. One of my experiences aboard the Pene lope was at Alexandria. The Council sent word to Admiral Hornby that there were torpedoes arranged to destroy the fleet. One Thursday afternoon the signal went up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at I went down under fire, and it appeared that I was the only man who reached the bottom. I found a YvTiitehead torpedo, the most dangerous kind, with fuse attached. I did not know what minute it might go off, but without hesitation I cut the wire with pincers. For this act I was awarded a pension for life. My term of Bervice having expired. I returned to Bathgate, and went to work in a coal-pit. ' Shortly after I received a telegram to pro ceed to Boness, Scotland, and go down a pit and open a trap door in a coal-mine, where eight persons were hemmed in by a torrent of water. Before going down I had to get diving gear. I could not get a good dresa, but as there were lives at stake. I went at a great risk. I got within thirty yards of the victims and cut away at the door, but I was in ' absolute darkness, and the rushing water drew me away.' I then managed to tie myself to a post with the life-line, and proceeded. This flood was caused by the water from an old mine near by finding its way to the new one. The boy stationed at the trap-door where the tubes are raised had gone to sleep, and the miners, working up an inclined shaft, were not 'warned of the oncoming flood. As the shaft tilled the men were cut off from the main shaft, as they could not get over the hutches, the road being very narrow. After going up for a spell, I returned, to find one of the men sitting near a glimmer ing light, and a boy crying. As I approached they 'both ran back, thinking I was a devil, although I tried to motion to them, I found a spike-nail, and going all the way out of the water, I removed my mouthpiece. This was rather dangerous, as my guide might have drawn me into the water. When I got it off and talked to them, they wanted to know what day it was, as they had been three days witnout ioou. I then went to the top of the pit and took food to them in a tin can. I opened it with my diving-knife, and gave the men a share. There were, hundreds of people at the pit waiting for the good word, and I think the first manly thing 1 ever did was to bring this little . boy on my shoulder thirty yards through the darkness and water and send him to his mother, where a Dr. Kirk took him in hand. By this time the water had abated considerably, and I succeeded in get ting all hands out. In three hours more the water would .have filled the shaft where the men were located. My greatest feat, which made me the world's record diver, was at Loch Craig, Inverness shire, Scotland. It was where the embank ment had given way, a coincidence similar to the recent wreck on the New York Central Railroad. . The heavy supply of rain caused tha embankment to subside about six inches, arid the rails being off the^ level, the embank ment gave way and the engine left the rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en gine -went over, as the coupling yielded. Drivers failed to go down, as it was 200 feet. I was called from a place called Dole Bay, where I was working for the Northern Lake Company. I proceeded at once to search for the two bodies; being a Government cer tificate man I had to go. I found I would need longer diving tackle. I had but two 60ft. lengths. When I had got more tubing I went down with the three lengths, and landed a short distance from the engine at the bottom. I fitted up two iron railway chairs, which I used in making the descent. I sank them to the bottom on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and down it like a monkey. On my first actual descent I landed on the funnel of the engiae. 1 climbed down, and found the engineer standing with his hand clinched on the throttle valve. The fireman ?was standing with such a death-grip upon the hand-break that I found it difficult to get him away. I made them fast to the line I had with me, and ascended. I reckon I was down thirty minutes. The -weight of the diving dress is no small item in the work, the actual weight being 180 pounds to carry about, including 28 pounds on each foot. When I came up I was bleeding at the nose, ears, and mouth, as the pressure on my body was 84- pounds to the square inch, in addition to the outer, pressure of the water on my body. 