The Storyteller. . ( A .NOBLE YICTIM. (ConUyvpd frovi Wednesday '« issw, ) 1 fcaAPTEii ixxxii. SIISS MXETON'r BEFE^ENCE. Miranda stood aghast, locking-gniltily at the scene, while Mr. Murray, with n face full of concern, laid the fragile figure more at ease upon the ooucli; Mrs. Dugdale. with all £ woman's solicitude, loosening her dress, bathing her face with scent, and unfastening and re moving h'r bonnet, from which fell a profusion of soft, brown hair right to the floor. ' Why, the poor little sweet !' said the old gentleman, ' she's as thin as a ghost, and as mile. 'Mirrv. VOQ little savaee. Tin? fnr th* sherry 1' Miranda flew across the room, tore! at the bell, and then ran half- way down to meet the servant, so that there should be no witnesses of tbe scene. While she was absent, Mrs. Dugdale briefly explained what had taken place; and the smooth, white forehead of Mr. Murray grew rugged as he gazed in the inanimate face before him. ?' Poor child,' he said, softly. 11 This is a confoundedly wicked world of ours. Mrs. Dug dale -hang me, if it isn't !' Mrs. Dugdale looked at him. and smiled at the comical earnestness with which he spoke. ' She's a iady, unmistakably,' continued Mr. Murray, tenderly rubbing one thin, white hand, 41 and been badly used, I'd $wear through an oak fence if it was necessary. Look at her. Mrs. Dugdale— look at her face : she never did any harm in hor life.' 11 One would think not,' said Mrs. Dugdale, softly. ' Think not, ma'am ! You might swear it. I would in a minute. Here, try and pour a few drops of sherry between her teeth,' he said, as Miranda rait in- with the decanter and glass. 44 This is your doing, young lady, X suppose ?' ' I -I think so, guardian,' Baid Miranda, in a -subdued way; ' but I couldn't help it, and ? ' 'Now, don't flare up again in that volcanic war till the young lady's better.' It was- evident that their efforts had not been in vain, for after a few minutes there waR a faint sigh ; then the head fell b*ck in a wearr, helpless way, and tbe Jips parted and sceiund to whisper softly. Then the stranger's hands went up softly together ns if in prayer, and the word6 that had been inaudible, became' plain, and the hearers, as tbey caught their meaning, felt a strange thrill pass through tlicro. as, in faint tones which had in them a wild appeal, telling of broken hopes and happiness crushed out, the thin lips parted more, though the eyes remained closed, nnd the face like marble : ** It is enough ; now, 0 Lord, take away mv life.' The words of the . old prophet, when he went weary into the wilderness, heart-sick and doubting— words that this sliyht, frail girl, yet but in the pprins of her ovistencp, most have said again and again during the dark hours of her life, that they should come so readily to her lips when lying insensible, telling of ofter re petition. Mr. Murray gassed at Mrs. Dugdale, and their eyes met, each ? reading in the other's the thoughts suggmitcd about ihn crushed existence before them ; Mrs. Dugdale being go moved that she passed her arm gently beneath the poor girl's neck, and pillowed her head upon her bosom. Thekissthataccimpanied this act of motherly tenderness scemnd to have a magical effect, -for the hands went up to the eyes, and seemed to be trying to sweep away a mist. Then the eyes opened, and recollection returned, as they gn7.cd in a startled way from one to the other. The next moment the poor girl had striven to rise, felt for her bonnet, hastily re-arranged her dress, and stood np, but with tottering feet. ' I fear I have been very foolish,' she said, apologetically. Ml ? ' ,4 My dear young lady,' said Mr. Murray, taking her hand, and patting it softly, ' you have been faint: I'm a bit of an old quack doctor in my way, so I shall prescribe for you. First of all, refreshment; thfn rest.*'flave you anyone at home who will he anxious about your long absence? — because I will send a servant.' *' Oh ! no, indeed, I thank you. I ? ' ' Doctors must he obeyed, my dear,' said the old gentleman, smiling. ?« Mirry, my love, take this young lady up to one of the bed-rooms, and let her lie down till lunch-time. Voucan-fitay with her. I'll put hack the lunch a little while.' The visitor, made one more hint effort at resistance, but she was so overcome; it was faint indeed ; as it was, when she took the hand extended to lea l her towards the door, the tears were silently running down her cheeJcd, and she gladlv turned her hpad aside. ' Come— come, mv dear; there, there, go up stairs, and. confound it, Mirry, don t strangle your guardian,1' he exclaimed, as Miranda flung her arms around his neck. ' Why, it's a sort of domestic garotte, But,' he added, laughing, ' without robbery.' Left together, Mr?. Dugdale and Mr. Murray stood and looked at each other. 4' I think, Mr- Murray, you mu--t agree with me that it woulu be impossible,' said the lady. They were the first words uttered; but Mr. Murray did not snem in the slightest degree puzzled about u it,' taking it at once to be the Bubject upon which their thoughts were fixed. 14 Well, I don't know,' hesaid, softly ; 44 there is something so sweet and taking about the poor girl, that ? ' * 4t We have our duty to do towards your ward, Mr. Murray. I shall decidedly oppose it.' Mr. Murray looked worried and troubled. He rubbed his ear very fiercely several minutes, then went to the window and drummed a tune on the gloss, seeming all the time puzzled as to his future proceeding?. So passed a'»out three-quarters of an hour, when he crosscd the room and rang the bell rather impatiently, while Mrs. Dugdale sat back in her chair, apparently completely absorbed in her paper. ? 44 Lunch directly,' exclaimed Mr. Murray to the servant, ?? and ask the young ladles if they will step down.' At the end of ten minutes, Miranda entered the drawing room witn her arm round Miss Laneton'a waist the latter looking painfully pale, but calm and reassured. A pleasant smile overspread Mr. Murray's countenance as his eyes rested upon the slight figure ot the young girl, bonnet and mantle having been thrown aside, leaving the pla n, tightly-made gray dress to display to advantage the gracefal form. Mr. Murray led her to a seat, and Miranda looked on smilingly, watching her guardian's - acts and countenance, as if tofind an ally in her i evident wishes. But the lunch passed off very quietly, and afterwards, in a quiet, graceful way. 1 the visitor rose to leave, her host being more and 1 more charmed with her ladylike ease and con versation whenever he had tried- to draw her out. *% A few minutes first, .Miss Laneton,' said the old gentleman. 44 You have not seen my library. I'm a terrible old bookworm.' He offered his arm, and the visitor shrank back for a moment, as she diiected a swift glance at his face. His was a, face, -though, that ie assured heron the instant, and she placed her hand upou hie arm with a feeling of restful security coming over her. 44 Np —no. no. thank you. You stay with Mrs. Dugdale, Mirry, 77 said the old gentleman, Jaugh ing. ' I don't want you now. We'll be -back soon.' Mirandaglanced sharply at her guardian, and was apparently satisfied, for shedtew back, and, as soon as the doorclosed, began an attack upon her chaperone. ' liUs Jj&neton; fays I ought lo apologise for spsaking as I did,' said Miranda, demurely, as she plumped down on a hassock ; ' and if you please, Mrs. Dugdale, Pm very sorry, and won't do so any more.' 4* Don't treat a childish ebullition in a childish *vav, 'my dear,' said Mrs. Dugdale, seriously. I ' Tea mosHearn to obtain command over your temper ; I don't want-to say unkind things, but your behaviour is. exceedingly like that of a liitie *5hiild who cries for everything it sees.' *'Yes: isn't it'?' said Miranda, demurely. ' Lsneton made just the same remark. And. Mrs. D jg-lale dear, she will jufct do, won't she ?' j ' My;dear qhijdy uhft -wouldi-tie all that we ( could wish fo£,_&sJar; as lean see; but; you mustkno'jftitha^ it wopld beimpos^lpjto engage a perfect stranger 'witnout V word of reference or recommendation. oould'-not consent to it, «rithoQghI must own,thatI ammost. favourably impressed by^Miss Lanpton's manners and! ap pearance.' 1 ! No more waa said ..fpr, awhile,;: Miranda, after impatiently walking about for a 1 few minutes, gojng up to the drawing- room, where she was cloB^ly followed fey Mrs. £)ng3afc.' and still liotbing' was said,- the -thoughts of both ladies being fixed upon1 the visitor, and the result of her interview with Mr. Murray downstairs. t Quite an hour had elapsed before the library^ door was heard to close, and fi£r. Murray's voice heard chatting 'pleasantly, a6 he slowly ascended the stairs, and entered the drawing room. One glance at Miss Laneton's faqe was suffi cient for Miranda to : see that she had evidently been weeping; hut -tho drawn look of pain seemed to have passed away, and she entered the drawing-room with her arm drawn very closely through Mr. Murray's, he holding her little hand, or patting it gently, as he spoke. 44 Well, Mirry,' he said, ?? did you think we were lost ?' -' There was no answer, only Mrs. Dugdale and her ^charge looked at him curiously as he placed a chair for Miss Laneton, and then drew one for himself close by her side, still retaining her hand. Like a jealous chud, the next moment Miranda had leTt'her seat, and was standing by his side, resting her arm upon his shoulder. 4 My dear Mrs. Dugdale,' said Mr. Murr-y, speaking very slowly and precisely, as he gently patted; the tbin, white hand he held, 41 as a matter of course, it would be out of place for me to interfere in so delicate a matter .as the ehoice of a companion for my ward.' Mrs. Dugdale. .bowed, and looked at him curiously ; while Miranda, who had given him an ecstatic nip cn the coat-collar on his fir6t commencement, now looked glum. . [ } ' 44 I ahould not think of doing so; and I do not — believe me, ' I do not — interfere in this matter.' 'Oh! guardian,' .«k«Uimed Miranda; but no one heeded her ; and he went on i ; 44 1 believe I am right in.csaying we are both agreedin thinking MfcsLanetoh admirably suited for tbe'posltipn ' Mrs. Dugdale .bowed. r ' 11 Exactly,' said Mr. Murray. 41 There is, then, only one thing— 4he question of references M Mrs. Dugdale bowed again. '* I may say*' said Mr. Murray, *' that Miss Laneton'quite agrees with me that the objection is a very great one ; and that it is not fair to expect a lady to. make an arrangement with 'one who conies to her as a perfect stranger.' Mrs,' Dugdale bowed again; and Miranda uttered a petulant ejaculation that sounded very much like 'Bother!' and stamped her foot. ' Under the circumstanae?, Miss Laneton has confided to me her little history, one which I may tell you has had its very, painful phuses; and to our mutual surprise, Miss Laneton and I find that I am able to endorse that which she tells tre— in fact, years back, I knew iier guar dian. I said before that there had been very painful phases in Miss Laneton's career, und 1 revert to this merely to say that, whatever may be Mrs. Dugdale's arrangements, the pha^o of life brought up Trom the past to oblige mu has been consigned there again for ever. It would be unjust to Miss Laneton— nay, an aob of cruelty ever to revert to it igain. or in anv way to ask her confidence. Under all the circum stances, then, I have very great pleasure in undertaking to be Miss Laneton's reference ; and, in raying thf»t, I consider her to be in every respect a lady most thoroughly fitted for the companion of ray ward. Mrs. Dugdale, T leave the matter now in your hands ' Before be could rise, Miranda's arms clasped the old gentleman's neck for a few moments, then she turned to Miss Laneton, who had also risen, and stood with brimming eyes and bent head, unable to trust herself to speak in the re vulsion of feeling that had taken place. '* One moment,' said Mr. Murray/ turning, and speaking very, seriously : 41 Mrs. .Dugdale, pray do not think I wish to bring any pressure to bear here. I have only said what is just; and you, my dear, if you do not conclude ar rangements with Mrs. Dugdale for weighty reasons that may intervene, bea£ in mind that I shall at any time be happy to Fpeak in your favour to anyone whom you may send.' The door closed, and the ladies wero left alone, Miranda, who was ready to clasp her hands with delight, 6ceming so impressed with tho solemnity of the occasion, that she remained perfectly quiet, concentrating her attention upon the two principal actors of the scene. They were moments of terrible anxiety to tho young companion, as she stood there, h.rdly daring to breathe, till she felt her hand gently taken, and a warm kias upon her'cheek ; then Mrs. Dugdale led her to a couch, and sat be;ide her. 14 My dear, I have no more to say about this matter, only that I hope you may find us worthy of your affection, and that, on our part, we shall' make you a happy home.'' There was no answer, in wo- ds,. only a long, grateful look ; and then Mr6. Dugdale led Miranda to the other end of the room— that young lady rushing away, though, once to squeeze her new companion's hand— whileMary Laneton was left to herself to regain composure after the excitement through which she had passed. CHAPTER XXXIV. CONTAINS A PROPHECY. ' Wearegoingto trespassupon you fordinner, Mr. Murr&y;,' said Mrs. Dugdale, when, after a quiet afternoon in Harley Street, and not, as Miranda said, a scrap of shopping done, : the owner of the mansion returned. .. : 'That's right,' said the old gentleman, cheerily ; ' and you've persuaded Miss Laneton to stop as well ?' 44 Well, no : I've had no success in that,' said Mrs. Dugdale, 44 even when backcd up by Miranda.' 4 4 Let me try,' said Mr. Murray, who could read that all had gone in accordance with his wishes. 44 Miss Laneton, I ask you as a favour to stay. £ am 6elfish, and I want some music. Please recollect that all I heard was a sort of turaty dum-dumm — tumty dum-dumm coming through the floor.' 44 Oh 1 do stay, dear,' cried Miranda ; 44 and we'll play a duet. But I should only spoil it.9' she added, so mournfully, that Mr. Murray laughed. 44 Wait a bit, Mirry, and you'll leave Miss Laneton hehind. 44 You will stay, my dear?' he said, kindly, as he took her hand. 44 1 will either put you^n a cab, or send you home in the brougham —which you like,' he added with delicacy. There could be no more refusing after that. Dinner was hastened on account of the ladies, | and th^ir train for Hastings; and during the] pleasant, social meal, the time of Miss Laneton's I joining them was discussed. I ' You might go down with us to-night^' said I Miranda, eagerly. j ' Why not have her sent down first?' laughed j Mr. Murray; and Miranda pouted. At last it was decided that the new companion I was to meet them at Harley Street that day | week, and accompany them to St. Leonard's, after which, at her express wish, a cab was fetched, and Mr. Murray took her down. There was a very affectionate farewell first, though; in the drawing room; and Miranda's pocket handkerchief came out, but she was consoled with ihc promise of a letter, and then Mr. Mar* ray spirited his visitor away to the cab. * Good-night, my dear, and Heaven bless you!' he said, warmly. ' ' Bead that letter when you get back home.' A note was pressed into her hand, the jang ling door was banged, and the cab rattled away over the stones towards Camden Town, where, in very humble lodgings, Mary Laneton felt tbat night tbat she had indeed fallen amongst friends; for, on opening her letter, it -was to find it very brief, hut very expressive;: for.' it contained ten five-pound notes, the sender know ing how embarrassing would have been a cheque. ; The note itself was very simple 44 My Deaii CmLD, — . 44 1 have lived three ftcore years in the ? world ; you little more'than one. So far, you. have 5'en much of it from a sorry side. I hope it will fall t3 our lot to show you that there is sunshine as well aB shade. Have no hesitation in using theSitiftf^d^ffi^oa rfrhst hgre^kfffl calls upon yffuEtomrceJnjfepaSw. to^ojgowm to Hastings, wfifere I ^gfrala^4|ee -yo8§tak£ ; your propeir pjfeo&p; Jp J'* eg* gJjj . % . 44 With all kind wishes, Your very sincere friend, ^ tears|Q|tne £bu£f^&^anegon sat bask Jwith^j A'dS- cle^e^^thibfenl, juit,atUh^J^S«: that Mr. Murray's brougham waB whirling our other.fi^ende to Charing Cross Sfcatiop v L ' Arid'tJow,'-said Mr; Murray, who-frad come to see them, off, ' not another word, please, about tliat Miss Laneton for Miranda had burst Into a tnrrent of chatter about her perfec -tiohs. ^.YriuMl be tired of l^ertd ja'wetek:*!. fe*., v- 41 Gnardlknl'1 ' v- 1 ? * j V So you wiH, you changeable puss. ?«? Yoll'U hate her in a fortnight.' ., : , ,. . ,'44- Guardian JV '..r J „ ' And in three weeks ^you'll come .an&.beg rae' ' o' take Jhler away. V', 5^' I'shalLlove her more and more every day, till I get to love her so much, nothing , ban be like it !' cried the girl. ' . ' . 44 She'll run away with all your lovers.' : ' Nonsense !' ' 'They'll cometosee you and fall In;l6ve with ?Tier.' . '? '! ;.:i ' . ** Then they won't be worth having,' cried 'Miranda, with spirit ; 44 and neither of us will look at them.' ' ? 1 . . ' 11 Bravo 1 'bravo 1' cried Mr. Murray;, clapping] ?his hands. ' ' 1 ' ....»? ' And besides,' cried Miranda,'11 1 donVwant lovers— men who'll-come hanging About ^because I'm an heiress. I mean to love my dear Miss ? Laneton, nnd nobody else.' 'Ah'd^our old guardian ?'£.' ''''L- 14 Oh ! I can't help loving you,' gaid^liranda';'1 'and — - Ah! here we are.' ? , ?: i 41 You don't repent, then, of your choice of a ' companion, Mirry?' V ? ? : - 41 No, Guardian ; nor never shall.' 41 Time proves all things. ity dear,' said'Mr. 'Murray, pattlngher cheek. i4 1 hope you never will.' . 4 . 44 But why should I ?' said the girl, sharply. Can't say. ray, dear,' said flieold gentleman, leading her down the platform to the compart-; rnent rehdy jfor their journey. ' ; 44 But you're thinking something, guardian,' said Miranda. 44 Now, tell mo, please.' ' ' , . Well, rhytiear, Ihb'said,** Pve tieer^ thinking thatshe'is too ptetfy, arid'that 'ft may 'lead; to, unplea'santry bet'ween yoif both.' 4 44 Guardian,' said* Mirandia, *? I'm such a,' silly little thing, with *a pfisfeionate tetuper1 like' a faig'child ; but I do try so very; very hard to bo what is right, and I -mean to try hatter still'; and as for Miss Laneton, I mean to love her like sister.' ? ' 44 All going on 1 Take your seats, please ! All going on !' i ' There was a hurry -nnd ?soamperialong the platform as Mr. Murray handed Mrs. Dugdale and his ward into the compartment ; the cus tomary banging of doors which shut^easily without ; a few pleasant words of farewell; a jarring screech from the engine ; and thon, with ; a quiet, easy glide, away went the train fnr its race through the pleasant lands in the bright* summer evening, its occupants shortly to snuff the brisk salt breeze of the Channel, and Mr. Murray to throw himeeU back very quietly in his brougham, as he said, loudly, to the driver the ope word - 41 Home 1' {To be continued in Wednesday's fssut.) 