RECEPTION AND PROFESSION OF NUNS. We take the following from the " Dayles ford Advocate."-There was a large number present at St. Peter's Church, Daylesford on Thursday morning to witness the ceremonial of reception and profession of four sisters. The Right Reverend S Reville. D.D., O.S.A., Bishop of Sandhurst, fully robed and wear- ing a mitre, was the celebrant, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Hegarty, of Kynton ; Father O'Dea, of Heathcote ; Father Norris, Geelong; Father Gallivan, Gisborne ; Father Gough, Daylesford ; and Father McGee, Daylesford. The sisters who were received were Miss Crowley, of Coomoora, sister to Mrs Michael Bolton, who takes the name in religion of Sister Mary Margaret, and Miss Tobey, of Bendigo. who takes the name in religion of Sister Monica. The ladies who "professed" (having previously been '"received") were Miss Hill, daughter of Mr Hill, Spring Plains, near Mia Mia, (and sister of Mrs O'Brien, of the railway station). She took the name in religion of Sister Mary Evangelist; and Miss Mastcrton, of Smythesdale, who took the name of Sister Mary Joseph. The reception ceremonial was the first portion of the service. The procession from the entrance, along the aisle to the front of the altar, was led by Miss Kate Crowley in a beautiful cream dress, and carrying a cross, followed by the two postulents arranged in long flowing bridal robes, the trains of which were carried by two prettily robed little girls, daughters of Mr O'Brien. Miss Crowley leaned on the arm of the Mother Suptrior, of Holy Cross Convent, and Miss Tobey was sustained by sister Michael, of the same institution. The choir commenced the hymn, "O' Gloriosa Virginum" (O Mary whilst thy Maker blest), and the procession, having arrived at the front of the altar, those com posing it genuflected before the blessed sacrament. The superioress and assistants then retired to their places, leaving the two novices upon their knees. The hymn being concluded, the celebrant sang versicles and prayers. Wax candles were then blessed, and they were laid upon the altar, emble matical of the faith of the postulents. Further prayers were offered, after which the candles were sprinkled with Holy water and presented lighted to the novices, who received them kneeling, in which position they remained until the following prayer was ended--" Receive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light, as an emblem of the inward light, to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error, that illuminated by the light of Divine wisdom, with the fervour of the Holy Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of the church, who liveth and reigneth with God, the Father, in the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." The novices were then interrogated by the celebrant as to their demands of their own free will and consent. They also stated they relied on the mercy of God and on the prayers of the mothers, and sisters to per- severe in religion and that they had strength to bear continually the sweet yoke of the Lord Jesus Christ for the love and fear of Gcd alone, whereupon the celebrant said " What God has commenced in you may be perfect," and "May the Lord banish from you the old man with his works." The novice, accompanied by the superior and assistants then retired to put off the secular dress, whilst the choir entaned the psalm "In exitu Israel "Ægypto." (when Israel went out to Egypt). On returning to the holy habit, and wore a white veil over the head and shoulders. Prayers were again offered, and the celebrant sprinkled the habit with holy water; the blessing of the veil followed. The celebrant made the sign of the cross over the novices and over the remainder of their religious dresses, and said " May the Lord put upon you the new man, who, according to God, is created In justice and holiness of truth. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." At the conclusion of prayer was offered, followed by the giving of the blessed veil, the celebrant saying, 'Receive the white veil, the emblem of purity, that thou mayest follow the lamb without stain, and mayest walk with him in white, in the name of the Father and of the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." The novices were given lighted candles, then re peated alternately with the choir several verses, at the conclusion of which the novices knelt, gave their candles to the mother and assistant and as the hymns, "Veru Creator" (Come Holy Ghost, Creater, come) they pros trated themnselves. At the conclusion of the hymn, the clergy and religious arose and turned to the altar - the novices still re maining prostrate, whilst the bishop said prayers. The celebrant then sprinkled the novices with holy water they rose, made a genuflection to the Holy Sacrament, after which they were embraced by the other religions, and after further prayers the religious departed. After the reception ceremony Mrs Daly sang 'Salove Regina" (Webbe). The choir, assisted by Mrs Dureau and Miss Doyle (Melbourne), rendered Mozart's 12th Mass "Thu Agnus Dei," from the ist Mass, being effectively sung by Mrs Daly. During the offertory Miss Doyle sang "'O Salutaris," by Leon Dore. The organ was presided over by Miss M. Devlin. The ceremony of profession, or taking the black veil by two sisters (whose name was mentioned above) who had previously received the white veil, was somewhat similar. The ones professing made their vows to God, of poverty, chastity, and obedience, in the prescribed manner, after which they received the holy veil, the emblem of chastity and modesty. After further prayer, the celebrant put the silver ring warn by the nuns, upon their third finger, and said, "May Jesus Christ, son of the living God, who has now espoused you, pro tect you from all danger. Receive then this ring of faith, the seal of the Holy Ghost, that you may be called the spouse of Christ and if ye are faithful, be crowned with Him for ever. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." After further prayers the newly professed prostrated themselves with arms extended in the form of a cross, and remained in that position until the hymn "The Deum Laudamna" (We Praise Thee O God), was concluded. The celebrant sprinkled the newly professed with Holy water, after which they rose, and the ceremony concluded like that of the re ception. During the proceedings the Bishop gave an address to the sisters, pointing out the wis dom and importance of the step they had taken. It was the imperative duty of every one to make sure of their souls' salvation. By forsaking the world and those of their own household and entering the Convent, they were acting wisely, as they would not he beset with the temptations to sin which those living in the world were tried with. They would also be brought face to face with God in the seclusion of the Convent, and to do this they had made sacrifices which were acceptable to God, for which they would be compensated a hundred fold, and upon which the angels looked with pleasure. 