A MAN AND HIS MONEY. CHAPTER III. Continued. She looked out of the window before she went to bed. The clouds, which had been threatening for some hours, had now broken, and there was a heavy downpour of rain. Her room was at the corner of the Manor ; so that the wind whistled round it, and Fay felt there was no use in going to bed - she would not sleep if she did so. So she took up the second volume of the book she had been reading, and was soon absorbed in its contents. It was an exciting tale, and the volume left off at a critical moment. It was past one o'clock, but Fay felt she must find out the issue of events tonight. The third volume was in the schoolroom ; it would not take a minute to get it. So she stole out of the door and along the passage ; but when she reached the staircase a muffled sound struck her ear from below. Fay held her breath, and her cheek paled, for it was the unmistakable click of the door which, led into the garden which she had heard, or was it after all only imagination ? But no. A stealthy step was audible, coming with quick, silent tread up the staircase. Fay's heart stood still, and she was too paralysed with fright to stir or move from the place where the intruder must pass and see her. Yes ; here he was. She could see a man's figure distinctly now. Oh, if she only had the courage to run away ! She felt as if she must shriek, and betray herself. But who was it coming towards her ? Whose walk was it that she knew so well ? A sigh of relief escaped her. It was only Philip, after all - Philip, who had frightened her for the second time today. But what was he doing at this hour, and what did it all mean ? She came forward and blocked the passage. " Philip," she exclaimed, in a subdued voice, " how you frightened me ! What have you been doing ?" He started back when he heard his name, and looked down angrily at the girl. " What are you spying on my movements for ?" he asked sharply. " I suppose I can wander about the house when I like as well as you ?" And he tried to brush past her. " Why, Philip," she cried, surprised, as her hand touched his coat, " you are soaking wet ! You must have been in the rain for hours. Where have you been ?" But he roughly pushed her away. " I left a book in — in the garden," he stammered, " and I was afraid it would get spoilt if — if I left it outside. Now get out of my way, do !" And Fay wonderingly went back to her room. She could not but think, from Philip's manner, besides the two mysterious situations in which she had seen him, that he was contemplating something distinctly underhand. The thought of the tools under the trees recurred to her. Had he, too, been at the Yews, digging for the hidden treasure ? she wondered. But, if so, how could he get in ? And, meanwhile, Philip had turned in to his room, swearing under his breath. Was there anything so provoking as that his return should have been seen ? He took off his dripping clothes and paused. What should he do with them ? They would provoke inquiry. He bundled them all into a drawer, and, locking it, pocketed the key. " They will be quite dry enough for me tomorrow night," he ruminated. CHAPTER IV. " Mary tells me that the Yews is supposed to be haunted,' said Mrs. Renton, two mornings later, as she dispensed coffee to the assembled family. The announcement sent a sort of electric thrill round the breakfast- table, and Mr Renton looked up with a heavy scowl. " How you can lower yourself, Emily, to listen to the low gossip of the servants' hall, I can't think ! The Yews is no more haunted than - than the Manor. I should think I ought to know." " I only repeated what I heard," answered his wife with a sigh. " They say that it is all over the village that the ghost of old Pete has been seen in the avenue the last two nights. No one will go near the place after dark now." Fay shot a quick look across the table at Philip. If, as she thought, he had been to the Yews the night before last, he must have seen the apparition. But Philip's eyes were bent on his plate. " I'm sorry for old Pete's ghost, that's all I can say !" he muttered somewhat indistinctly. " He must have had two very wet nights of it." And he pulled out his handkerchief to blow his nose noisily. " My dear Philip, what a cold you have !" said Mrs Renton, with concern, looking at his watery eyes. " How ever did you catch it ?" " I don't know !" he answered crossly. " It's a beastly nuisance, anyhow ! I expect it is from coming out into the air after sitting in that stuffy office all day." And he took out his handkerchief once more. Fay looked at him curiously. She thought at that he had been pretending, just to hide his confusion. But she saw now that he really had a bad cold, and his eyes were streaming. Considering the drenched state in which she had found him the other night, she did not wonder at the result ; and she could also understand why he did not like it drawn attention to. " It is bad !" went on Mrs. Renton anxiously. " You ought to stay in the house all day. Henry, Philip's cold is really too bad to go out. You won't want him at the office today, will you ?" " Eh?" answered her husband, starting from a reverie. Since his wife's remark that no one dare go near the Yews after dark, he had been thinking deeply. What an excellent thing it would be to circulate the tale of old Pete's ghost ! It would make him feel so much easier knowing that no one went by there in his absence. It was nonsense, of course - the whole thing was a ridiculous fabrication. But there is always a grain of superstition, even in the most stony-hearted of men, and the idea had occurred to him that if old Pete 'walked' at all, it would be close to the spot where he had hidden the money. 'Where was this wonderful ghost seen ?" he asked, with scathing sarcasm all the sharper for the reason that he wanted to know. " I forget," said Mrs. Renton. " Somewhere about the middle of the avenue, I believe." " And what was it like ?" " Really, you are taking a great interest in the matter, considering you call it all nonsense !" broke in Maud, laughing. " It is as well to sift these stories well," answered her father cautiously, with a dull red stealing over his face. " One can never eradicate them properly from people's minds unless one is up in all particulars. What was it like ?" " Oh, the usual sort of thing ! An old, grey-bearded man in white, digging under the trees ; and, of course, so transparent that you could see the foliage through him. I wish you would get the idea out of the servants' minds. I often want to send down the village after dark, and just because they would have to pass the Yews I shall never be able to get them, to go now. Do speak strongly to them, please !" " Under the trees ?" muttered Mr Renton thoughtfully. He was longing to ask ask which especial tree old Pete's ghost had chosen for his excavations, but was afraid of betraying his motive. Philip burst into a loud laugh. " The guvnor thinks the spectre can inform him where the treasure, is hidden !" he said. " I shouldn't wonder--" he said in an audible whisper -- if he walked round tonight to make its acquaintance." Mr. Renton scowled darkly. He opened his mouth to make some crushing remark, and then stopped, as if he thought better of it. " I shall certainly go round and investigate the matter,' he said shortly. " My dear Henry," cried his wife," you will be tired to death ! Leave the Yews to old Pete's ghost - at any rate tonight. He can do you no harm. It doesn't matter if the spectre finds the treasure or not." " You asked me to stop the foolish tale, Emily," replied her husband sternly, as he rose from the table. " How can I do so without going there in the dark and showing that I am not afraid myself ?" He went towards the door as he spoke, but his wife stopped him. " Oh, Henry," she said, again, " it is not necessary for Philip to go to the office today, is it ? He has such a very bad cold." The frown grew deeper on Mr. Renton's brow. " Of course he must come !" he said sharply. " Lazy young beggar ! He takes every chance he can of keeping away from his work ! Good heavens ! What have I done that I should have a molly- coddle for a son ?" " The guvnor seems to have got out of bed the wrong side this morning," said Philip sulkily, "What a treat I shall have of it all day !" Captain Renton was to arrive today. Maud and her mother had agreed that it was as well to strike, while the iron was hot, and so his aunt had written to Rex at once, and told him to come as soon as he could. She was so afraid her husband would change his mind again. Maud was in high spirits. It was such a long time since they had had anyone to stay in the house, and now to have her good-looking cousin, who had distinguished himself so much out in India that he had been awarded the Victoria Cross, the news was too good to be true. She had not seen Rex for a long time, for he had been abroad for nearly ten years, but she remembered him sufficiently to know the sensation he would create in Brookside and the places round about. She imagined herself walking down the Axton High-street, always with him in attendance. (Axton was the county town, and Maud would make -s many shopping excuses as she could to go over there.) Perhaps she might meet some of the Roxley party on such occasions, and what an interest they would take in her companion. The Countess of Roxley had never called on the Rentons ; but she knew them to nod to, and once or twice a year they would be asked up to the Castle to a garden-party or a large 'At Home.' And this would be a great event to Mrs. Renton and her daughter, and outside the county they would boast grandly of their invitations. They never added that the whole neighborhood was present on such occasions, and consequently it was no great compliment their being there too. Captain Renton left his luggage to be sent up, and decided to walk to the Manor. He looked about as he went. There was no change in Brookside, he thought ; but, then, his visits to the place had been few and fleeting. As a boy he had taken such a dislike to his uncle that when invitations came to him from the Manor he had nearly always refused to go. But that seemed to him such a long time ago that on his return from India he had decided to bury the hatchet and look his relations up. He need only stay a few days, he argued, and it was only right he should go, considering the Henry Rentons were the only connections he had upon his father's side. Possibly, too, the late events stimulated the captain's curiosity. He would naturally like to see the place where the old hermit lived who had made such a curious will. " Perhaps," he had said laughingly to the vicar, " I may come across the money myself. I expect, really, it is in a very ordinary place, and the less trouble one takes to look for it the more likely it is to be found." But the vicar shook his head. To Be Continued. 