CDe 6ap metropolis. Miss Burnett, whose pianoforte playing Argus clitic Guenett smashed so unmercifully last week, is sister to Detec. Burnett, an able member of the "Vic. C.I. branch, stationed at Benalla. Mrs. and Miss B. have the courtly old-fashioned style, and look as if they had stepped out of the 17 th century frames. There is a deal of talk about the financial results of the two concerts at which Amy Castles made her first appearances in Melb., and although the young vocalist received a cheque for seventy-five guineas from the promoters, many people think she should have been given a much larger sum. The public thought that both concerts were for the Bendigo girl's benefit, but it seems they were speculations of other people, and fortunately they turned out financial successes. As these people risked a considerable amount in promoting the concerts, it seems only fair that they should have some of the profits. The Shakspeare Society celebrated the birthday of the immortal William at a very smart At Home on Monday evening. Miss Nellie Yeitch and Miss Allee Bobson gave one of the best items of a long Shaksperian programme—a scene from the Merchant of "Venice—and both artistes dressed the parts well. Usually the women members of this learned Society diess anyhow. Lord Brassey- graciously patronised the show. A big music warehouse has been removed higher up Collins-street. The old place was at the corner of the Block, Arcade, and it was the correct caper for musicians, professional, amateur, and imaginary artists, to rendezvous there on Saturday mornings and wet days. Sometimes they overflowed into the music shop itself, and were a considerable nuisance to genuine shoppers. There is not much space in front of the new music shop for these musical folks to pose, and the police have been busy enforcing the move- on clause. A. J. Campbell, expert writer on the birds of Australasia, is about to publish a • splendid work on this subject, with some very fine illustrations. The book, it is said, will be one of the most artistic yet published by an Australian writer. The chrysanthemum show followed the dance at the Town Hall, and never has a better autumn show of fruits and flowers been seen in the Gay Metro]). The dinner table competition was n-it rushed, possibly owing to the expense attached to setting . out something good enough to compete for a prize. A Col- lins-street firm was first with a design in pink and green. The only flowers used were La France roses, those beautiful pink, odorous roses whose scent suggests a Persian garden in the moonlight and the song of the nightingale. The second table was decorated with yellow cosmos and asparagus fern. Ope competitor had painted sprays of roses on while' inuslJn, edged the muslin with white' lace, and placed it over pink art muslin. . It had a bed spread effect, and goodness knows what a guest at such a table, if he" happened to dine not wisely but to<. well, might think if he tried to pick up one of those sprays from off the cloth. Probably that the flowers were glued to the table for safety. And how a hostess would - glare at any unfortunate wretch who happened to spill wine or salt over the picture. A table that ought to have taken a prize was more practical, and was lavishly laden , with grapes, apples, nuts, and two bottles of champagne, while the roses and chrysanthemums were merely incidents, so to speak. Webb & Co. exhibited a lovely lot of china and silver, with a long narrow mirror in the centre of the table, which reflected beautiful crystal bowls filled with bronze chrysanthemums. There were no cruets, but instead, dainty little silver mustard pots and salt cellars. Dear little red devils danced on top of the crystal cayenne holders. The energetic secretary, Mr. W. R. Church, received the Mayor of Melbourne, who opened the show, talked to other important visitors/ and sang at the afternoon concert; also keeping an eye on the gigantic apples and pears which most people wanted to touch to see if they were real. The statue of Mercury (poised on one foot on a globe) which surmounts The Age office, is seen to'fine effect from the Town Hall corner, when the sunset sky makes a most beautiful background for the messenger of the gods. Is it by design or accident that David Synie chose Mercury to surmount the recently enlarged Age officer Mercury was the slayer of Argus, the hundred eyed son of Agenor. The classical legend is that Juno appointed Argus guardian of the cow into whom To had been metamorphosed, but Mercury, at the command of Jupiter, sent him to sleep by the sweet notes of his flute, and then cut off his head. Since a jockey wore an opal pin on the day he rode tlie winner of a Melbourne Cup, opals have boomed for presentation gifts. Mrs. Maesmore Morris, who has sailed for London, has had several opal rings and bangles given to her by admiring friends. The Melbourne beauty will be a distinct loss to local photographers. Melb. fairly swarms with pretty girls, but so far the photographers have not discovered any beauty with the same refinement of features, or the expression of Mrs. Maesmore Morris. In profile, full face, or three quarter she made an equally pretty picture, and it is rare that even an acknowledged beauty's features are good enough to photograph from any view the camera man likes to take. If only some Melb. society women could perpetually appear in powder and patches they might easily claim beauty prizes— not otherwise Dr. O'Hara, the musical medico "wid a bit of a brogue," has turned his fine town house into a private hospital. Now folks walking up Colline-street east, frequently see some poor wretch on an ambulance being taken up the stone steps into Cromwell House. Dr. O'Hara bought the property from the late Dr. Beaney's executors for a big figure. He has only recently moved from it to Queen's road, which faces Albert Park, that favorite exercising ground of Lord Brassey, who rides or cycles there in the early morning. Dr. Astles, who left Melb. for the West about three years ago, has returned to Collins-street to practise. He was one of the founders of the Savage Club, which has replaced the Torick as a club popular with musicians and artists. Mrs. Mellin, the Sydney spiritualist, with "Cissie" aiid "Geordie," has been giving seances in a Melb. suburb to crowds of all sorts of jifeople. One seance was especially for clergymen. Believers in spiritualism always get front seats. Strangers and sceptics are put in the back rows. Some of the questions asked by the company when the spirits of their relatives are summoned are very ridiculous. At one of the seances given by another medium, a solemn looking woman, when confronted with the ghost of her father, asked "Do you know Jane has moved?" The. spirit nodded. "And do you knowwhere she has moved to." Probably the spirit had forgotten his geography, for he diplomatically said, "Do you doubt me?" "Oh, of course not," the lady said, hastily, "but I thought you might know where she is living now." Dozens of people sit patiently for hours, and when the spirit appears of some one they have known they merely say its a fine night, or thank the spook for so kindly coming a long distance to appear in a Melb. suburb. One Melbourne medium has made heaps of money in the business, and lives in a splendid villa surrounded by well-kept grounds. Before she turned her magnetic powers to account she was a poor woman. Nature is good to some variety artistes. If she does not make them facially beautiful she endows them with beautiful legs and ankles. Addie Conyers, who was very plain, had lovely limbs, and looked a picture in tights, and so did Marie Leulla. An artiste in The Belle of New York, who is not prettty, does not look too attractive in the first act, but just before the final curtain she comes out in red silk tights, and her fine figure is a delightful surprise to the Johnnies. Every one in Melb. recites nowadays, even society women are taking lessons from some of our many elocution teachers. Miss Eily O'Hara and Mrs. Prank Stephen are the best known to folks outside their particular set. Both ladies recite How I envied McGinty. To make this little piece a success a nice Irish brogue is absolutely necessary. Miss Eily O'Hara's name alone ought to be a great help, and so it is. But neither she nor Mrs. Stephen can manage to get as much out of the recitation as Charlotte Hemming, whose assumed brogue was rich and seasoned ; an excellent thing for the reciter of Irish poetry. Joseph Henry Grey, after being uncrowned king of Geelong for many years, lavishing money on the town in regal style, has given up business, a broken down ruined man, nerves shattered, health gone, and the half-century old legal firm of Taylor, Buck! and & Gates—known throughout * Victoria as pastoralists' representatives—has disappeared. Grey entered the Geelong office as errand boy, and S. Y. Buckland took a fancy to him, and helped him on. When the last partner, Gates, died last year, Grey was left in sole command of the Geelong business. What a crash he has come to nobody really knows. The only surviving son of the Clark family—wiped out by the wreck of the Queenie—seemed to nave had a dread all along that the boat would go down with his father. When he returned to Williamstown last week from New Zealand, and was approached by a Williamstown minister with the intimation that there was bad news for him, he gasped out at once, "What, my father? The Queenie?" Mr. J. McGregor Wood, after visiting the hub of the universe, where he has revelled in music and musicians, and acquired an artistic polish to his clear tenor A^oice, has returned to Melbourne. Mr. Wood was for many years leader of the Scotch Church and St. Paul's Cathedral choirs, the sympathetic quality of his voice making it specially adaptable for church music and oratorios. He was soloist at Liedertafel concerts, and as a triller of ballads from Thistle land he is inimitable. Being of Scotch parentage will no doubt account for that. Personally, he is a tall, fair-complexioned young man, with a remarkable likeness to the Earl of Hopetcnn. "Jimmy" Edmonds, sub-editor of The Bulletin, has been paying Melb. a visit, and, despite the picturesque beard, has been recognised and welcomed by many old friends. "Jimmy" was at one time leader writer on Melb. Evening Standard, and, needless to say, considerably brightened that fearsome institution, the editorials of an evening paper. A few years in London, and lessons from masters who bring out the best in their pupil's voices, makes a marvellous change in Australian singers. Mr. Jas. Wood, who used to be known as Lord Hopetoun's double, has come back to Melbourne, his fine tenor voice greatly improved. His singing at a dinner given to him by the members of St. Paul's Cathedral on Saturday night, made quite a sensation. He left Melb. an ordinary singer, and has come back an artist. So sdso did Gladstone Wright, who died suddenly soon after he returned from London. Speaking of singers, the Amy Castles boom still continues. At Bendigo all dress circle seaos for her benefit were auctioned, and totalled <£150. It is probable that she will make a provincial tour with a company as Maggie Stirling did, and so rake in more shekels for the ex.'s of her European visit. Lt. Col. Hoad has been'raised to rank of Colonel, and the appointment is regarded as another indication of the military commandant's appreciation of the local officer's ability. It is only a few years since Col. Hoad was a State School teacher, but since he was appointed Captain, he has rapidly risen in position, until he is now a fullblown Colonel, and of the same rank as his one-time superior officer, Tom Price. The Bonython daily has excelled itself in ridiculousness by stating that a considerable portion of the opposition to the Premier in West Adelaide came from the ringmen. "A dead set was made at the Premier by certain members of the betting ring," says that misguided journal. Which is about the poorest possible excuse for the 1G69 votes polled for Denny in that electorate. If the 'Tiser will show us how a handful of bookmakers could be responsible for the opinions of 1669 "free and independent" voters, or a considerable portion of them, THE CRITIC is willing to prove that two and two make sixteen, that the sun shines by niglit, and that the earth is a parallelogram. Mick Nathan is at present opening the Victoria Hall on Saturday nights to any twe bloodthirsty males who are gone on one and the same "Tottie" and desire each other's teeth and eyes and solar plexi. After one's knocked out,Mick steps forward and announces that Mabel Roseliam will be married to the winner to-morrow. The public can see these every Saturday night. Overarm (Melb.) writes: The dusky caretaker of South Melb. C.C., Sam Morris, heads his club's batting averages with 59 for 5 innings. But Giller, who runs second with 49 for 9 innings, did a lot more useful work. Sutherland, with 1-8 for 11 innings, and the youthful Armstrong with 47 for 11 innings, are not surpassed by anyone. In the bowling Dear.o and Morris both top Giller, but took only 8 and 3 wickets respectively, while Giller took 22 for 17.40 only. "Jack" Worrall finishes third in Carlton's batting with 57.1 for four innings. Some South Australian birthdays for May:—Captain W. K. Randell, 75 on the 1st: Treasurer Holder, 49 on the 12th; V. L. Solomon on %he 13th; A. R. Addison, M.L.C., 57 on the 16th; I. McGillivray, M.P., 59 on the 24th; Major Castine, 53 on the 26th; D. M. Charleston 51, and E. J. Hourigan, 47 on the 27th: and W. J. Blackr, 56 on the 30th. A well known Adelaide medico in practice at Norseman says that the climate there is too beastly healthy for a medical man to exist in. Signs of the times. On W.A. goldfield hotelkeeper has to supply girl to sing and play piano. Also card playing and rope quoits; beer 4d. While at some places free lunch and supper are thrown in. Anti-Federal John Haynes, M.LA. LIEUT--COL. UMPHELBY, Of the Vic. ForceH. 