MADAME'S CHOST. It was a curious old liouse, built in the time of the first Ponaparte. A French lady-tradition said she was a connec tion of Napoleon's or a very dear friend; she is certainly not mentioned in any history-bliult the houae-and oceupiec it. When news came of hlis deatlh she died of grief. Since then, they said, she would sometimes open sA door info the garden and glide out and in. IKeys could not keep that dooe locked, nor bolts fasten it. This is what thu old couple who kept the place told Captain Pearce when he thought uc buying, it. He bought it all the same. He was aot afraid of madame's ghost. Still, there can be no denying the fact that that door did open curiou:ly at mysterious times. Dirk, the German.boy who had been found hungry on the read and had been taken in and made a ser vant of, declared he had seen madame all in white; but she had hurt nobody: And here the family had lived, and H-Ietabolf, the (youngest; had been- born. They had all been very happy, despite the mysterious door that would open, and madame's ghost. But changes came, alasr Thie dear wife and mother died; one son went into business in California; one daughter married a man who to-k her straight away to Canada; and theio other, though not far off, was still away: 0Ol Captain Pearce had only his young est girl with him now, and it is little wonder that he was loth to lose her. It was natural for him to dislike any suitor who came, and particularly dis agreeable to him was any one who seemed to him to take her fancy. When young Jack Halpine offered himself, Hetabell was commanded to refuse him. She did not obey. She simply told Jack that her father objected, and said they must wait untiT he changed his mind. After that, Jack did not call, but the mysterious door opened very often, and madame seemed to go out and in very frequently. Dirk saw her, from his garret window, in a white robe; but he did not see the white rolbe thrown aside afterwards, as Hetabell talked witn Jack in the acrbor. That door was such a friend to the two lovers! They waited long. Captain Pearce did not relent. Jack "followed the sea." and he would never give his girl to a sailor, he said. A sailor's wife never knew whether her husband was alive or dead. Even a captain could not make a'fortune. He knew that. For tune had bestowed a legacy upon Cap tain Pearce himself, or where would he have been? He knew the sea and sail ors and he had said "No" once, and "No" again, and "No" for ever, until, one morning, the ghost of madame left the door wide open behind her. It was found so in the morning, and for a while the servants said she had carried Mliss Hetabell with her. But a letter was found on the pillow of her mn rumpled bed that told another story. Hetabell had gone away with young Jack Halpine to marry him. She begged her father to forgive her, and she said she loved him and would obey him in anything else. But the captain had no longer any faith in his daughter. Frcm that moment he cast her off. - He would not read .the letters she sent him, and when she came to his door he told the servant to bid her begone. Still, while the honeymoon lasted, Jack and HetabelT were happy. They forgot'everything in their love for each other. To be together always, what a dream that was! And Jack kept it up until money was very low in his purse, and he began to think of filling it. "The Sea Gull sails on Wednesday," he said, one day. "Does she?" asked Hetabell. "But why do you tell me of it?" "Wihy. I sail with her." said Jack. "Olh, you cannot dream of leaving mel" moaned Hetabell. "Needs must." said Jack. "Why. my dear, you knew you'd married a sailor." "You must take to some other busi ness. Tou must not. shall not, be for ever away from me!" sobbed Hetaboll. But Jack explained to her that at hls age he must go onas he had begun. Cune day he would get a ship ; then she could always sail with him. But now he gave her his pay and kissed her; and on Wednesday he sailed. The day that he was gone. Hetabell went to her father's house again. Dirk opened the door. "It vas no use, madame," he said.,when Hetabell asked him to speak to her father. "No use. De old shentleman is biosltiff you must not gome in." He came out of the door as he spoke, and drew it close behind him. "He vas not vell, your fader," he said. "I must not egsite him. He is very queer. \He has sent avay effry von but me. I cook, I do all. You does a very bad t'ing ven you marries dat fellow. You never can up pick spilled milk." Hetabell went away again. The ser vant's manner was condescenlding and offensive. She lived alone in her little suite of rooms. She waited for a letter from Jack. At last one came. A passing ship had brought the mnail of the Sea Gull. Anothier came when they reached pc-t, and now he would start for home-for home and Hetabell--in about a week's time. Later, he wrote that they would be on their way next'day. After that, no news; only silence and tidings of fearful storms. Then they said that the Sea Gull was missing. Weeks passed. Months went by. There was nothing to hope for, but Hetabell hoped. At last a little baby came, and i'e mother lived and the child also. But it was 'uite -certain now' to everybody that the Sea Gull was lost with all on board. And soon the last penny in poor Hetabell's purse was gone. The landlady was a good woman, but she was poor. She came to Hetabell one day, e.nd, in a confused manner with witli a tear in her eye, told her that she could no longer have the rooms. "You see, I need the rent," she said. "And youi have a father, I'm told. Go to him. He's sure to help you." Poor Hetabell! She had sold-almost all of any value that she possessed. She offered the landlady her remaining bits of furniture, and the woman accepted them. . Then she wrapped her child in /! shawl, put on a cloak and hat, and took her last bit of money. She had sold her clock to get ILt. It went to pay the fare to her father's home. She had walked from the station,. and now, in the twilight, lingered about the garden. She dreaded an encounter with Dirk. If' she could but.see her father! But no one came out. A light was lit in the upper' room none below. After a while D!rk ap peared, fastened the shutters, and look ed.about him. She took heart of grace, and went up to him. "Dirk," she said, "I must see papal" SThe man had looked at her coldly be fore. This time his glance was furious. "I vill cbey my orders," he said. "You must go away. Ven you marry dat fel low you know it is ofer here. Go! Go, quick!" . Hetabcill went out at the gate and up .the road. Dirk entered the house, and the br.rs and bolts clanked within: but Hetabell felt a hew hopelife her heart. Dirk- was -ot obeying orders. She felt sure lhe was,. for some puirpose.'of his own, an xlous to keepi her away from her mathtr. She tagered in the, uladow of the old Ichurch until alid seemed quie in - house, then she re-entered the garden. She passed throagi: the neglected space Where once flowers grew in abundance eld came to the little side-door-thn mysterious door--"Madame's door," as it was called. She tried it with her hand, but ittwas fast. She sat on the old bench unceSR i willow tree hard by, warmig her babe as best she could in her armis The tradition ran that on moonlight nights madame's ghost opened this door precisel' at twelve o'cloclk. Thiere wa~s a moon: to-night. At tweipe o'clock it was at its fuf!. How tong the hours seer:edI The church clock told them ol:e by on nine-ten--eleven-untit the midlight was at hand;. All the village seemed asleep. On such a niglht she wras wont to come forth at that door to rmeect her lover. On ouch a night she lef' it to become his wife. IHow still it was! Htow strange! I-Io' dark! A sense of terror in the air, too;.t-hriltng her e-very nerve! And now the clock was striking: One two - three - our - five - six--(Hsieta bell's eyes were riveted on' th- dcor) seven - eight - nine - she councel ; ten-eleven-twtelie! Great Heaven! Tihe door had opened siliently and softly.. Si-- fancied a little miat or smoke-a vapour-a shadowy figure, that vanished as she looked upon it. But whether this we e so or not the door of her father' a house had been msy?steriously opened' o her. She waitedi not one instant. Sie arose and glided iln.. Shie 1-new the stairs too Iwell to miss them. She glided up and entered her own old room. Tihe moon shone full throulgh the window. She laid the babe upon the bed: and it came-into her mind to li- down there and. sleep. and in the morning to seek her father. She heard him in his own room; lis liea-se: breathing came thirough the widened crevice of the door. Softly she crept towards it and peepli in. iHe slept soundly. Hlis face looked worn and old in the light of the night-lamp. "He will forgive me." slie said. Then she took her white nightgowrvn from the bag she carried: put it on. and. lay down bIeside her babe. She left the door open for the comfort of hearing her fatlieebreathe. Soon she slept, but not long. There was a foot on the stairs. Somneone stealthily descended from the garret and entered her fatlier's room. She sprang to her feet. the blood curdllhg ihi her veins, and stole to the door. Slie pceped throughtiitlhe aperture. Dirk stood beside her father's bed. a fiendish look upon his face. a hatchet lifted alove his head. It was evident: that he was about to murder his mas ter. Hetabell was a woman and unarmed: Iut slie did not pause to say to herself. "He will kill me also!" Slie only flung the door wide and rushed in and upor. him. Slie was dlumb with horror. She sa\w her fatlier arouse himself and fit his eyes upon Dirk and start to his feet: Ibut as for the German. the effect of her appearance was astonishing. Tile hat chet fell from his hand: lie shrieked aloud, "It is the ghost of madame! It is the ghost of madame!" ani fled to wards the stairs. .Down them he rushed to the mysterious door and'out of it, and awvay, bliodly; madly-anywhere. Next morning some fieldward-goins ploughmen found him lying at the foot of a precipice ..with his back broken, and before he died he confessed chat he had long planned to murder and rob his master. Honwever. Captain Pearce was not afraid of ghosts, and wherr his daughter knelt and told her story he forgave her. Besides, shite had saved his life. She had come in good time; and who would ever know how the door was opened for her? The old man took Hetaiell to his heart again. Nor did he turn from her wheoa one day, not long after, news came that Jack Halpine was alive. The Sea Gull had been lost, but many of the crew were saved by a steamer bound for dis tant parts. Now he was on his way hlome, and soon he clasped Ihis wife in his arms and shook hands with the happy father. "When you go away again" Jack," the old man .aid. "Hetabell will stay with me. and while you are here you will stay, too. MIadame's ghost has opened the door for both of you."--"London Weekly Eudget." 