What the Fund can do for Foreign Missions. By Rev. A. J. Webb. First of all it might pay off the Mission ary Society's debt, which is seriously ' large, and growing ; save interest, and set free money for further aggressive ^purposes ; the latter an object very dear to Methodist people. And for aggression 'there never has been so grand an oppor tunity as at the present time. In the earlier days our Methodist missions had to contend against many influences which now are largely on our side. ? Newspapers and reviewers laughed at missions, travellers lampooned mission aries, traders were hostile, Governments indifferent, apathetic or antipathetic, the heathen dangerously opposed to the introduction of a new religion and a i higher morality. It was a fight against many foes that made heroes out of ordinary men, and supplied striking evidence of the invisible, but unconquer able power of Christianity. But now, the press is eulogistic ; travellers of the first class, such as Captain Younghus larid, are frankly commending the ? manliness and usefulness of mission - : aries ; merchants assist in their own way ; Governors invite, and help with ^information and protection and the affording of fullest scope for action ; and ? ? irom the heathen come not only permis : sion, butinvitation, and, even heyond that, pressing appeals for native preachers to be sent to their people and for white Missionaries to come and live in their midst. Before passing from the refer ence above to Governors, special acknow ledgement is only due to His Excellency, Sir William MacGregor, the first Lieu tenant Governor of New Guinea, for the interest he took in the moral education of the native savages under his care, and which led him to personally invite the Wesleyan Mission, which he had closely known previously for years in Fiji, to come to his assistance in his new sphere. This in itself was a compliment and a testimony, but in addition to the invita tion every assistance that as chief administrating authority he could afford was given. Once the difficulty in Mission work was in finding a door of entrance : now it is perplexing how to meet the demands for agents, and to supply maintenance for those already employed. But, thanks be to God, the TEAVEA, SAMOA. ' The old Church and the new one recently opened by the General Secretary. ? ? ? ? ? ?? ?-?-.(???? - - ? difficulty is not tovfmd agents, but only money, the lesser hindrance of the two. Increased gifts through the inspiriting Twentieth Century Fund will enable more applicants, both of earnest men and heroic women to be accepted and sent out to where they will be gladly wel comed ; and they will be suitably main tained there that they may labour with the greater efficiency, and remain at the work for a longer period. Everything else is forthcoming but sufficient money ; doors are opening, workers are offering, God is giving spiritual power — only money is wanting. Does not the Twentieth Century Fund appeal to us as an admirable opportunity for increasing the usefulness of our missionary society and setting it free to carry further afield. its excellent work for the advancement of human society and the glory of God ? This is one of the things this Fund can do for Foreign Missions. And let us, further, bear in mind that this Imperial Cause not only confers inestimable blessings upon outsiders but exercises our own minds and develops the feelings of our own hearts on high and broad subjects, such as are missions for whole races and operations on a vast scale. It lifts us from personal, small, and provincial concerns to the consider ation of great politics and comprehensive plans like some large piece of statesman ship, such as Federation is, in com parison with municipal and provincial concerns. The Church at home will be benefited, enlarged and ennobled by such interests, and individual members will be lifted into a broader horizon. The reason of this Fund, with the in terests of missions in view, will minister to this. We may appeal to the esprit de coips of our Methodist people, who may well be gratified with Avhat has been said by independent and competent observers on the operations of our missions. Even so recently as in an admirable Annual Beport issued from New Guinea for last year His Excellency the Lieut Governor speaks approvingly of the education of the young people by our missionaries, and notably by wives of our ministers, and adds, ' The scholars already write surprisingly well. What was most noticeable in connection with these young people was the complete transformation in the demeanour and character of the girls. Formerly the young women of. Kiriwina were very licentious, shamelessly profligate. Noth ing, however, could be more pleasing than the wonderful change in mien and behaviour of these girls at the Mission Station. They are very quiet and well behaved, almost demure ; neatly and not over-dressed, modest and unassum ing ; and they are already skilful with the needle, good washerwomen, and ac quainted with the routine of household work and duty. The effect of this teaching has already extended beyond the mission fence, and is not without considerable influence in other woman . . . some of the pupils are of the 'blue blood' of Kirwini.' All this is so significant of much more, and so typical of other work going on that it must give us a glow of deepest grati fication. And in view of such soul saving and bringing out the noblest attributes of the human spirit, our people, we are confident, will not allow such work to languish, but will take a joy in placing our successful society in a good financial ?? position. And this when the only thing deficient is money, and the heaviest incubus not failure, nor obstruction, but debt. Much then can be done by the Twentieth Century Fund for Foreign Missions — in assisting them to maintain what, as witness so much testimony, has been already attained unto. Then, further, we may look ahead. Great fields lie before us, myriads of our fellow-creatures remain for the work of Christ's truth, and the operations of the Holy Ghost through us as instruments, by us in Wesleyan Methodist Missions. Openings there are to the desires of young people among us for consecration to high service. And there will be causes in our extended missions of a beneficial reflex upon our home churches, through a stirring work outside our own nucleus, and a growing Empire abroad. There are various ways, therefore, in which the Twentieth Century Fund can do much for our Foreign Missionary Society, and through this for our churches at home. It may be made to mean the lessening of a serious debt, the maintenance of a good work now in progress, the' arousing of our esprit de corps as a Church, and further agression in wide fresh fields white unto the harvest. 