COBIE!>jCiE2?E STORY. cnuiu CAPTAIN CLAUDE BRAY. l_coPTBionr.J E called himself1 Smith—cbicilv per-, haps because it was J not his real name—I and ho wan one of n! type which was far1 from uncommon in those days of thelate. sixties. He was a short, squarely-built old fellow with a seamed and furrowed Jtc f<K. V facts hi* hair already * t'lminjr in »zuy, his " shoulders well •♦set * v " tip," his body stilt as straight as an arrow, aua all over him that indescribable something by which soldiers can always recognise each other. He called himself n recruit, to. and, what is more, was one so far as the gallant 110th was concerned ; hut there was not a soul in the regiment who, from the moment that he slouched into barracks try ing to look the part, and then so far forgetting himself ns to prick up his cars aa the "tars" gave notice of coming dinner, doubted that William Smilh had seen a good deal of the drillgrounu before ever we set eyes cu him that day. He was one of a not at ail uncommon type of that period. The English arxnv was then just at the end of a quarter of a century of almost continuous warfare, serious warfare :oo, in every quarter of the globe. IVc had sent our brave fellows to die or win immortal glory in many a stricken nght on the i>nt!cj. in the Crimea, against the Indian mutineers, ana in China, South Africa, or New Zealand. Of course, it had naturally followed that while this long succession of wars had brought to some honours nnd promotion, to others (thanks largely to their own inability to emu late their heroism in the hour of trial by a corresponding moderation in the piping times of psace) there had come nothing but the bitter memories of wasted opportunity, and a senso of failure for which they themselves were alone to blame. There were scores of such men scattered about the regiments, some open and acknowledged, other* (aud it was to this last class that Private "William Smith belonged) driven out or one regiment after another to masquerade in n very transparent disguise as recruits in some strange corps which only know thera as they weir, not as they used to be. Bravo as lions and steady as rocks in the hour of danger they fell a ready prey to the temptations of barrack life, and in three or four weeks, through sheer lack of self-control, wiped out the memory of a# many years* honourable campaigning. Recruiting ser geants in those days of long service were not nearly so keen in the detection of "frauds'* jib they call men who enlist after discharge from another regiment, and it was easy enough for these old follows to flip through. Per haps, if the truth must bo told, there was a sneaking feeling of regard for men who, in spite of their frailt*, had served their Queen well in their day, which led their more fortunate comrades to throw no obstacle in the way of their availing themselves of the cnlv home they cared for. Anyway, that was certainly William Smith's good fortune ; for once that queer recruit had taken his place in the ranks of the 110th there was the 1 strongest wn-h cn all sides that ho might he ' able to finish his active career without the necessity of another move. Unhappily there was one dissentient to this highly commendable intention, and that was poor Smith himself. There never-was a mors irreclaimable blackguard enlisted, from the standpoint of discipline. Once he had found his footing and begun to feel a bit ut hoiuo in his new curpo there wus no holding him. It must not be understood that he ever did any thing much that would have brought him into the clutch of the criminal law of the land : indeed from thecivi! standpoint his delinquen cies were mostly confined to wild bouts of the1 most riotous drunkenness. Moreover, as a soldier he had his good poiuta, and tho<c of a sort dear to his officers* Leans. 'ITiis utter blackguard was always civil, wiiliug, and respectful when sober, that is to say wheucvcr bo was on duty, and on parauc he alway* turned out ns dean and smart as new paint. Indeed so good was his character in this respect that he might have died in the corps if only he would have cou fincd his outbursts to his own barracks. Unhappily for him it was always in the town or in the canteen of some ether regiment that he got on the spree, anu tliis is the sort of thing that no self-respecting corps can stand. Men not unnaturally get annoyed when they see n draggled, drunken scarecrow in their own uniform in the hands either of the civil police or of the picket of another regiment, and it was far too often William Smith's fate to figure so. Still on tho other hand it had got about tim in a moment of drunken confidence bo had onco astoni.-hed a young recruit by pulling out of bin kit bag a wholo string of war incditk, all of which ho had declared himself legally entitled to wear* and us no one doubted the truth of his story he always found some one to intercede for him, and to beg thai a man who bad, mayhap, bled for England should not ho sent adrift to end bis days in tho workhouse. And so ho mauaged to 'suivive. It. so happtned that whon hu had been, not to mince mutters, a akgrace to tho IlOfh for something over live years, a change of com manding officers took place. There were those ■ who looked upon thU as a special interference ! of Providence on bk bvhalf, for the old chief ! was growing weary of Smith's frequent ; iapaiMi from straight w.'dlring. and bad 'threatened after his latest violation of bis ! solemn pledges of amendment that ha would i uot overlook bk misconduct again. But thoso j who had thought so were speedily undeceived, j for even before his predecessor was gazetted i out the now chief set to work to prove to the ! Horse Guards his determination to free tho I regiment of all tho doubtful members who ! had survived so long uuder the former's easy rule, and «3 a first start he fell upon William Smith. There was in those days a ready way of getting rid of undesirable soldiers by recom mending their dischargo as ** incorrigible ana worthless characters." Though no one could dispute tho closeness with which this fitted Private Smith, nevertheless there were found plenty to intercede on his behalf. But their pica for one more chauc^ fi-H this time on ccaf ears. Colonel Mooters was determined to strike terror into all evildoers by at least one example, and say what cLse they could there was no man among Smith's welhvkhers io deny that if there was o:io typical black guard to be selected thk was in common justice the man. The end of it was that the recommendation went forward in the pre scribed course. Tho ways of officialdom aro deliberate at times to the point of dihloriness; and every body knew that some little time must clapso before the answer could arrive. There was no doubt that this act of bare justice was highly unpopular, because, although no one could dispute that William Smith had earned his punishment a dozen times over, sfctil thcro is always n good deal of latent chivalry, and a very pronounced clsnnkUuess about tho Britkh soldier, of whatever rank, which causes his mind to revolt from the idea of an old comrade being turned adrift to starve. During thoso days of wailing feeling ran high, ami the new colonel's popularity wared small, for plenty of tho hotter partisans did not fcruplo to shake their heads and say that little good was to be got from a now broom, and that for their own part they wished the old chief were back again, seeing that he was a man who could feci for others anu turn a lenient ove to the shortcomings of a smart, clean soldier, like poor old Smith. Curiously enough, the roan in reality least concerned was the coming victim of this mis placed zeal himself. Private William Smith altogether refused to discus tho question with anybody, and only spoke out when ho heard someone abusing Lis commanding officer. Then he won Id break into strong language, roundly averring with many strange oaths that they none of luem know' what they were talking about, and that if Colonel Masters thought ho. ought to go for the good of tho regiment, for his own part he was quite ready to believe that ho was right. One other sign of a truly chastened spirit he did not show. During tho wholo month which elapsed ha nt vet onco broke out, and performed all Iris duties with such a scrupu lous earc that at last even the colonel himself grew native, and as good O3,confeasai to tho adjutant that he might have been a trifle hast?, and that perhaps Smith might have Ibeen capablo of self-amendment after all. But it was too late to My so now, and there was nothing for it but to await tho decision of the higher authority to which the caso had been referred. It ought to be mentioned, in palliation or the readiness with which n certain section of tho regiment had thrown their colonel over in . favour of a man who had sncb riight claims on their sympathy, that, Jike the victim, tho colonel had spent mo>t of his previous servica in another regiment, aud had himself ex changed into the 110th very late in hiscarecr. Soldiers always think less of an outrider than they do of those who havo served continu ously in the same corps. This fact also helped to augment tho surprise with which his comrades viewed Smith's chivalrous defence of the man who was trying to rain him. But when ono bolder than his fellows took the vietim to task on the point he was at once suppressed. " If you had known the colonel as long as I have, young fellow," quoth that worthy, " you'd know, too, * that when ho makes up his mind he is generally in tho right." Tho which oracular remark left tho regiment moro puzzled than ever. But ut last tho fatal answer arrived, and the word went forth that Private William , Smith was to go. A good many sympathetic ores followed him as ho marched across tho barrack square for perhaps tho last time, to havo the decision of tho higher authority communicated to him. It was remarked that of the pair the colonel riiowed considerably more emotion than the soldier; for tho latter stood, smart and erect as ever and in tho most, approved position before his judge, and in obrdienco to the sergeant-major's order swung round in tho "right turn" and marched quietly from the room. Younger and worse disciplined men might havo shown their disgust at so ignominious a fate, hut ho did not. Colonel Masters eat hack in his chair and began to ho very busy with tho next business brought beforo him. * For if he thought he was rid of William Smith he wns wrong; -for a moment later the sergeant-major was whispering something to his adjutant, and tlii* Just, rising from his chair boidohis com manding officer, left the room. Ho was nbiont for u few minutes, and, as he sat down again, he remarked to the colonel: "Smith would like to speak to you. sir." " Would not his speaking to you do as well ?" asked Colonel Masters, hurriedly. Tho adjutuut shook his head. " It is yon that he wants to see, sir, you and 110 one "March him in then." was the answer, and a moment later Smith stood once more teforo his commanding officer, and this time availing himself of his new position of freedom, he took a puce to bis front without any word of command, and held cut his hand. "Well, Smith, what is it •" asked Colonel ilasivis. "Perhaps I had better tell you occo for all that it is melts* you trying to beg off now. You ought to have thought of that before you " "It wasn't that at all, sir," replied the disgrace of the regiment, with a good-natured smile on his face. " It was only that you and I, being old friends, I'd a notion I'd like to say goodbye to you before I went to the workhouse. That's about the figure of it, ••ir, this lime. These List few years have made an old znun of mc, and it is not much good my trying to gammon the recruiters ngam." But all the time the colonel was staring at him aa if he hod seen u ghost. "Who in heaven's name arc your" he demanded. "Why, sir, I am William Smith; just dwebarued as an incorrigible and worthless character from this regiment. But it wasn't always this way with mc, sir. Time was when I was neither u drunkard nor a black guard, but ns smart a young corporal as you'd wish to see. You and mc joined the old regiment much of a time, sir, and was both posted to nutiibsr nine company within a week of each other. Mr name in those day.-, was " ' But before he could finish, the other, wh«» till thai moment had sat spellbound, listening to the soldier lis was dismissing in disgrace, hf'1 *r,reed himself to his feet with a mighty effort. *ia»pp," he thundered, loud enough for the waiting orderlies outside to hear him. " I wuut to hear no more. I must havo been blind not to have recognised you before. Gentlemen," turning to tho wondering officers, 111 can tell you all about it in two words. This man saved my life at tho risk of his own at Ferozeshoh." And without another word he rushed, shamsstricken by his misfortune, from the room. It was a day or two before anyone saw the colonel again. As for Smith, he went hi* ways, and no one quite knew what became of bim after that memorable day. But the adjutant somehow or other got hold of s strange yurn. which he confessed to believing, thouirh he admitted that he hftd not one atom of proof. He declared that William Smith, reformed so fur as such a roan could hope to be, was living in hia native village in the enjoyment of a comfortable pension, iu amount rather more than what he could ever have earned In his regiment, which was paid to him not by a grateful country, but by* the man whose life he had saved. The art of starching linen was brought into England in 1553 by a Flemish woman. 