A WIDOW ON WHEELS. The question of the proper "bicycling costume for ladi'5 his not yet be-en settled. It is generally understejod that the kmckerlnjcker suit is the most convenient ; but wouieu do not appear at pres nt to have the courage of theii understandings. A few days ago. however, ] saw a costume which struck me as |>ecul:arly appropriate. The wearer—to judge by her head-dress was a widow. And she wore at. eli gant pair of knickerbockers maite ot crape. Could she hav£ more gracefully iudic<etexl the combination of wheel and woe ?—" Xhe Netv Budget. 7 ' „ There are many men who are afraid o/ ghosts who h^ve tic tear of spirits. TDere are two parts to every enterprise, great or small—the planning or preparation,' and tbe active carrying out of the plans adopted. Fear, or rathercaution, belongs to tlie first; hope, energy, and courage to^he second. If either is allowed to intrench upon or absorb the other, defeat to that extent will ensue. All probible difficulties,obstacles, or untoward contingencies should be looked squarely in the face anil fully provided for. But, when the time of action arrives! courage and resolution should take their place. Then it is that, if a prudent circumBpection has guarded against the dangera, a manly and hopeful spirit may deiv them. fiose Bushes.—In order to secure? 3 profusion of bloom, rose-busbessbou'd bo pruned every year; yet many f.unilies having rosebushes iu their yards never prunce aguish - consequently the crop of blossoms is necessarily light and of inferior size. Perhaps there is no other bush thit will bear so much pruning. Ordinarily, the canes need to be cut back to a bare stub ; th:n. ucw stems will be produced, on the end of which there will be one or more rosc-s. Atnitcurs should know that roses will grow on the new wood that is produced the prcs nt season. All of our own rose- bushes are cur I>.-i -k io about two feet in height ; the old sta ks are cnt to the ground, and the bushes that are allowed to remain consist of short stuljs. a half dozen of which will-yield a more abundant crop of large roses than twice the number of stalks that have not been pruned. In case tbe ground should be so rich as to produce an unusually large number of new stems, let a part of them be cut off. Hv rejpoving a part of the etem, all tbe vig.-.r of the bush will be concentrated in developing a few large roses of exquisite beaulv. Irou filings, iron turnings, and the litter of black- Smith's shops are excellent to work into the ground about growing flowers of anv sort. The iron or ferruginous material that the roots will collect from iron, imparts a rich and reirety appearance to tbe petals of the rosea and other flowers. Bose bushes ought to be pruned early in the season, before the sap begins to flow ; and when the new shoots are growing pinch off the end to prevent a long, slender growth. After a stem is six to ten inches long, if it appears smail, pinch off the end just enough to remove the bud ; tbe •ap will then form a more stocky growth. It is a good practice to remove the old stalks every two or three years. Small farms in a district mean a great many advantages—better roads, frequent schools, better prices for produce, bett r cultivation, improved implements, lower taxes, and more frequent consultations among farmers for the adrancemcnt and protection oi their interests ; nnd whan l-iw prices and pinch : tig times come, the small farm owner hasadecisiveadvjmla^eorer tho pest propritor; he weathers tlie storm because he is out of debt, aa-1 when it has tossed he is fond still safe nnder his roof, white mottgage^uui a sheriff's sale have the great f 