THE MOHAWKS CONCERT. It is a very long time since such a large audience had assembled at the Horsham Mechanics' Hall as that which gathered on Wednesday evening, when the Mohawk Minstrel Company made their initial bow to the public. About a month ago Mr. H. Bridgland, a new arrival in the town, and practically unknown, started the troupe, He had many drawbacks to contend with, against which he fought manfully and suc cessfully. The trouble by which they were beset, and the differences of opinion that arose in connection with the entertainment and its objects, served the entertainers well, as without donbt the majority of those in at tendance on Wednesday evening were there in amused and critical curiosity-to see whether the redoubtable Mohawka were as tad as, worse or better than they had been painted. The general verdict was that the troupe had been unfairly condemned, and that the pet formance-apart from its artistic merits or demeritas-deserved no censure on the score of vulgarity. From vulgarity, in deed, it was singularly free, and nothing during the entire evening was done or said that could offend the most fastidious. Many of those who were loudest in their advance censure will probably now be the first to re cognise the injustice of their position, and to recret that they assumed it. The most exacting umpire of taste could not find the slighest fault with the character of the per formance. It must have been gratifying to the performers to notice amongst the audience several leading townsmen present, some of them, in the way of a practical pro test against what they considered to be the unwisdom of the Ladies' Benevolent Society and the Council's proposalto accept the pro ferred aid of the minstrels. The troupe at the last moment offered the proceeds of the entertainment to the Htorsham District IHos pital, the committee of which gladly ac cepted the offer. Messrs. J. Langlands and Twycross,prominent members of committee, were present, and, during the evening, from the platform thanked the company for their assistance, and congratulateut them spun the entertainment they had given, of which they had every reason to be proud. The entertainment was enjoyable, and in every respect, excellent; and one moreover, that any lady could sit out without anxiety. These remarks were loudly cheered. In this connection Mr. "Charleny " Ward made the hit of the evening. He came on the stage carrying a doll model of a child, a waif that represented the proceeds of the entertainment that had gone bogging. At this be gazed piteously and anxiously for a time, and at last with a look of relief, pro duced a placard, upon which was written, "The hospital will take it." The apt al lusion instantly caught on, and was vo ciferously cheered. Whilst the company shows, neeessarily, signs of youth, the performance on the whole was highly creditable, the strength of the comic elemeist going far to atone for any weakness in the vocal division. Each item was so acceptable as to secure an enthusias tic encore, and the whole was given without a hitch. The company include Jim. Conway and J. Campbell (bones), Joe Conway and R. Greenwell (tamboe), H. Bridgland (inter locuter), and leassra. E. France, E. War rick, A. Muller, J. Ward and J. O'Donnell, with Mrs. Bridgland as pianiste. Mr. Druce' filled the blank in the programme caused by the absence of three of the "billed " performers, and received a hearty ovation for doing such. The following was the programme gone through :-First Part: Overture, Devils' March; chorus, Bon Bone, the company; song (comic), DemGolden Slippers, Mr. Joe. Conway ; song (descriptive), Dorkin'sNight, Mr. B. Bridgland; song (comic), Rosy's Sunday Out, Mr. R. Greenwell; song, WVife Children, and Friends, Mr. Jack O'Donnell; song (comic), Climb Up Ye Little Children, Mr. James Conway; song (comic), The Sample Little Maiden Of To-Day, Mr. J. C. Druce; song (comic), Oh Yes We Did, Mr. Jao. Campbell. The first part concluded with the laughable farce, The Horsham Statue," in which Mnesrs. J. O'Donnell (owner), R. Greenwell (buyer), James Coo way (buyer's mate) and statue (Mr. H. Bridgland), took part. Second Part: song, Norah My Village Queen, Mr. J. O'Don nell; song (comic), Local Hits, Mr. R. Greenwell; Cuckoo's Clog Dance, Mr. James Conway;song, Comrades (with in visible ch-rus), Mr. H. Bridgland; song (comic), Two In The Morning, Mr. Druce; doett (comic), Two Irish Swells, Mesara. J O'Donnell and Joe Conway song (comic), It Was Mine You Kndw, Mr. Druce, The entertainment concluded with the very laughable farce, In A Lunatic Asylunm, from the pen of Mr. Bridgland, the charac in which were sustained as follow :-Pro prietor, J. O'Donnell) man, Jim Conway; his mate (deaf and dumb), R. Greenwell sailor, J. Ward ; soldier, A. Muller ; pogi list, J. Campbell: tramp, Joe Conway ; deaf and dumb, E. France; publican, E. Warrick ; ghost. H. Bridgland. Mrs. lBridgland acted capably, as accom panist. (TO TUE EDITOR OF TIE HOeSiAut TIuiEs.) Sui.-To all donors of money towards the funds of the Mohawks, and to the public, allow me, on behalf of my company, to thank you most heirtily, and for'the great reception and success attained thereby. Ourconcert on the 17th inst. being our first appearance, we hope. to do more by, the unity (which now exists) of our circle in the cause of charity.-Yours, etc. K REILLY, Hon. Sec. (On behalf of the Horsham Minstrel Club). 