A TALE OF HORROR. A gentleman name Leadbetter, si hopmer chant, resident in one of the western oouutiea, had for many years made a praetioe of attend ing the great annual fair at Weyuill, as a pur chaser of tbe commodity m which he ehieB; dealt. It happened on one occasion, that be arrived at the inn to which be always went, some hours later than usual j and on going into the boose he learned, to bis n-grer,thatso much. company had arrived before him, that every bed was er gaged. Bather than go to any house to wbicb be waa a stranger, he determined to have a bed made upon some chairs in tbe travel lers' room. Mrs. Symonds, the landlady, was about to carrr this arrangetnf nt Into effect, when she happened to recollect thai there waa an ostler's room in ' the yard, which poesibly Mr. Leadbetter might prefer te sleeping in a room where tie might be liable to be disturbed very early in the moroing. To this the gentleman willing acceded; and after some short time, he passed up the gallery iu the yard which led to the aparU meut, and retired to Led. Sleep lent its leaden influence soon to tbe weary traveller, and he reposrd soundly, until a strange noise in the gallery which he had ascended, roused him into sense again. Tbe noise was that of ao extremely heavy footstep. Mr. Li sdbelttr counted every strp ; and, t» bis alarm, the sound increased, until the cause of it reached tbe door of his apartment. Id so instant a tall anil gaunt figure entered the reom, with a candle io one hand, and ? batcher's lenife in tbe other. Mr. L. attempted te speak,bul bis voice failed bim, and (he figure approached the bed. It shook the horror-stricken man ; then drew the knife seveial limes across his own throat ; went to a table in tLe room, set. down Hie light, and immediately quitted the place Mr. Leadbetttr began to breathe again ; he * imagined, after a few minutes, that he must have been dream ing ; and yet, the candle and candlestick on i the table were eg phantoms, they were palpable j realities. He instantly rose witb an intent to look the door, bat found that it was without look or bolt, and that there was nothing else in tbe room bat tbe bedstead of any weight. As this fortunately ran on eastern, be rolled it tu I the door, and tbiakiog himself then tolerably safe from further intrusion, he endeavonred to go to akep again. But nieep would no more I revisit his eyelids ; and be lay tossing about until, in about an hour, he heard the same sounds which had before alarmed him, renewed on the gallery stairs, and in a few seconds, the drmr nf hia rmm h«inir minKed urif.h nr*x»* violence, his bed was rolled into the middle of I tbe apartment, and again I be horrid figure stood bere lim 1 The faculties of speech and motion now forsook him quite ; tbe figure shook bim again nith fierce gesticulation, and again drawing tbe kDife across its throat. Mr. Lead better obsiived that marks of blood were on tbe blade, which were sot there before ! It then passed awa\ from tbe room, and the remainder of Mr. Leaibetter's sense fled wilu it ; he swooned and remained for some time insensible. I As toon as became to himself he put on bis clothes with the brat speed bis agitation would allow, and descended into the yard of the inn. In a stable there he saw. a light, and on approaching it, found a man dressing down some horses, to ; whom te communicated that something particular had happened, and that he must bare Mr. and Mm Symoods called up immediately. Tbe landlord came do* n ; and on expreBBiog his apprehension that Mr. Lead better was very ill, as bU looks seemed (o JDdi cnle, was informed that indeed he was not well. Mr. L. proceeded to relate all that happened to him, and concluded by expressing bis firm con viction that tome horrible murder had been committed on the premises in the night. Mr, Symonds on healing the Ule, was scarcely less alarmed tbau; the leister. - The bouse was quickly .roused by the terrors of tbe ' host and bosters ; and tbe business ot tbe fair, nan almost forgotten in the wonder excited by tbe story, which lost nothing by repntition to the several guests of the inu, as they suc cessively inquired into the nauee of tbe early disturbance. At s'x o'clock tbe ostler, whose room Mr. L. had occupied, arrived from a lodging which ho bad got. ill tbe town, on being turned nut of bis usual bed. Much pleasure was - icpressed ou seeing him ; aud on tbe story being told him, ' Why,' said he, ' I'll lav my life I know the ghost very well ; it was tbe deaf and dumb fellow that comes to help me to kill the pigs, and who always comes up to my room to call nu when we have one to kill ' The murder was out ! It 'an indeed the deaf end dumb fellow, who had made an appointment with tbe ostler te kill a pig at four o'clock in tbe morning, and who, tbinkiug the ostler lazy ; bad gone flrer to awaken him, and a second time for the same purpose after he had sluck the pig. 