THE CHRISTMAS "OBSERVER." Christmas conies but once a. year, and one of tiic many happy issues that toiiow in its train, or, to be moi-: literally con-ecu belp to her,ild its coming in South Australia, is the Christmas "Observer. ' l'o-day the little nevvsvecdors will be selling the best ami brightest holiday number tuai has ever bacn losuetl by the iiroiu-ieLors of "The Observer," who spend no end of pains in making the Curistmas issue a bright, happy, up-to-date production. Iu the city, in the count-]-y, aud away out on the track blocks subscribers look for the arrival of this picture pa]>ei- with the eagerness and enjoyment ihut the cliildreu display over the coming ol the Christmas pudding. The Jai-ge coloured plate which is presented with the paper tells elo'jueiniy of a deliglilfu!, innocent, wholesome incident of the stusliore. It is entitled "liie •Dandy (.'hair," and the urigimai was exhibited at the Iloyul Academy in lb'j7. It represents two barefooted, ruddy-faced, happy, smiling little girls carrying a smaller child on their crowed arms. '±wo little boys are paddling in the shallow water, while tlie -l11. (;ii whose ti/.ure lirow tiiii? writes no wrinkles, swatches away to the horizon. This is undoubtedly the best picture that ha-s been given away v.ilii a (_'hristina.s "Oliserver." The jKtper pi evades a real literary feast. Tlie sUiries and articles are aU appivj-pi-iatj to dial p;ij.(l season when we are once again reminded of " the beauty of -'lieaee on earth, goodwill towards men." Amongst the contributors are several noted lva^lisli novelists ar.d some of th- lie.st known and happiest i^outli Australian storytellers. "Christina:- with Some Celebrities,'' by F. Carrutiiers Gould, is cf e&]>ecia! iivLcrest, and l!ii- clever article is illustrated by tlie cclebm-ied Eni:h>:h caricaturist iu liis own vigorous and illimitable stvle. "jlrni-iiiscences,-'- ,i story oi early A'.isti.ilian adventures with the blacks, with a romantic sequel by tlie well- known "Observer"' contributor "i'addy .Meion." wi'il .ippeal to the sympathies of every re.ider. "A Mystery ol the Doldrums."' by Ibu-g^i Ilawkes; "A Oiristreus Nugjrct," by Florence Marrviit; -'Tlie Ghost in Hroca/le," by Penrtis Hume; "So Like His Father,'' by O. Crow; "l)ingo Dick," a bush yarn, by Udo; "Arra. or the Great Sacrifice." a mysteiy of the Anstijlian interior, ljv Victor Marra; "The Grey Ghost ol" Lindewarne.'' by Lilian Quilier Couch, are each and all of absorbing interest. Then the little ones are not forgotten. "That Marvellous Magpie," a. tale for children, by Lindsjy Duncan; "The Burg 1 !, and the Baby," a tale in which there is somcl.iiing interesting about Santa Claus, by Edwvane Basset; and "The Legend of the Cornflowers." another story for thehi-t.leones.by Ade'.aide Primrose, will give the children infinite delight. And all this for <»d. What would Caxton say if he oouid see it? 