T" e "Apparatus" Can Lie. : BUotogi-apliei's, especially amateur photographers, will tell you that the camera cannot lie. This only proves that photographers, especially amateur pho tographers, can ; for the dry plate can fib us badly, as the canvas on occasion, and is actually more pernicious because of its undeserved reputation of veracity. Who (asks the " Pali Mall Gazette") would believe a ghost story on the un corroborated evidence of a painted pic ture ? Yet a photograph of a house at Halesowen, taken a few days ago, in cluded the likeness of the wealthy lady who vacated it six months back. As she vacated it for the churchyard, the : plate appropriately enough exhibited her dressed In a shroud ; and so con vincing was this very counterfeit pre sentment that a regular ghost scare broke out, and several women averred that they could see tlie dead lady at the window. On Saturday it was dis covered that it was all. due to some Haw in the photographic apparatus, just, as In a very similar case at ipswich, Eng land, some time ago. "There the. view represented a backwater off the River Gipping, and in the water there was clearly outlined a drowned female figure—waist, bust, features, hair and all. They actually dragged the river to see what they could iiud, and found nothing. Curiously enough, a woman was really drowned at that very spot a few weeks later ; so tliitl Ipswich pho tography seems to lie as previous as Halesowen is retrospective. M. Worth is said to liavo made close upon a million out of liis gowns. -Titled people are not always leaders of fashion, as many seem to think. A certain countess is said to dross so plainly that on one occasion she was asked by a gentleman at a fashionable gathering to fetch him a spoon—ho j thought she was a housemaid ! More , over, she did so, and treated the whole I thing as a joke when the gentleman dis | covered his mistake. Another lady was ] told In a stage whisper, by a waiter, to I eat her soup with a spoon only, he evi I dently thinking she was strange to the I manners of ultra-fashionable society judging by her plain dress that she was a nobody ; but the lady oiten teiis this to her friends, and makes light of the cir , oumstaueea. 