? The Bridgwater Trustees are peiiflioDirig.theit’ aged and infirm oollieri. with pensions varying from 2s fid to 6s er week. > The Peril newspapers annonnoe that the Goreroot v i French Oceana has issued a decree prohibiting tstooing throughout the arohipelago *' iu the interests of public health a«-d morals." The defences of Gibraltar are being gradually improved. The latest report frcin the Bock is to the effect that two of the newest 9-2m wire gone, 86ft JoDg, and firing e shell of 860ibs, are being mourned ©o Korops Point. These guns have a range of fifteen miles, and wll pul their shot, «t dose quarters, through 3i't of iron. They can be loaded #i handled by two oV three men, can fire shot a mijmte, and only weigh 27 ions. The London County Council decided c Deoeknberfi, by a majority of 78 to 86, to pursue a new line ef policy in reference to the provision of fabuses for the working classes. Besides providing for those displaced by improvement schemes, the pqoncii will purchase land, sod erect dwellings for the accommodation of the working classes io and near Loudon. A condition to the carrying bht of this policy is that it shall involve no charge upon the eonbty rate, which is to sty, ihat the rente charged m ust recoup the Ooonoil for its outlay. An elephant's sick diet is recorded as the result of an iilnsss at the Zoologies! Gardens at Frsnkforl.on the Maine. A female elephant there aoddenly refused fond, groaned oontioually, “ wept, it is eaid, and became weaker and weaker. 8be was given drafts of brandy (pints), nod rtduotd to a diet of buckets of gruel three times a day, each bucket containing 40 quarts She soon recovered, but the dieting still continued, and the last bulletin describes her present diet as SO buns, a hundredweight of hay daily, and suitable drinks.” T bcuSew York W orld" asserts that Ad» mira' Dewey has been offered by cable £1000 for a short magazine article on the Philippines. Admiral Dewey cabled, ” Thanks, but sm too busy." Lieutenant Hobson, the hero of the Merrimac, was offered the came price from two magazines for an article describing bis exploit. The “ Century," which raided the price to £1200, will publish Hobsons article. These prices, the *'W orld1' says, put the naval hero above the literary genius. Captain Mahan, of the Doited States ^avy, who was a member of the Advisory Board duriig the war, is contributing to the "Tim es" on “ The W ar n the 8ea and Its Lessons.” M r William Field, M.P., addressing a 1898 celebration in Gorey, County Wexford, one day last month, said that Eng. land was face to face with France in the near future He hoped that euch a war would not take piece, but if it did be for one wou'd cry, “ Vive la France ” Chief Just'ceL ord Kussellof Killowen, n a speech in London recently, told a tory. Professor Hux ey was attending i meeting i" Belfast, and finding himself late for a dinner engagement, he jumped i a jaunting o r and told the driver to Crivo like the devil ” (Laughter). The driver immediately lashed his horse into a gallop, In a moment or two the professor said “ Dc you know where 1 want to go?” *’ Begorra, 1 don’t,” replied the man. " but I'm driving like the devil anyhow /’ (Laughter.) The death occurred lately at Chesham of M r Jonas Miles, the oldest Royal postboy in the country. He w as93 years of age, and acted as postillion to four Sovereigns—George III., George IV., William IV ., and Victoria. The " Allgetneioe ZeitUDg” of Vienna worrying itself more than mo * Englishmen . . to «ho | Md |)lB Liberal party in tb - COUDtty. .. Harcourt 11 .o u t of the running, it appears. anfl •• gj,. Morley” and *’ Sir Afir4oith * Mare the ---- chief - — competitors, tr , . 1with • potstbiltty of " S ir Chamberlain. For our own pert we feel inclined to beck the claims of Bosebery Ssqnire.—London “ Kvunlotj News." According lo “ law " quoted by Sir Robert Stout in a lecture in Wellington, New Zealand, recently, the local **M arri’d Women's Promotion Act was anticipated 4000 years ago—perhaps mom —by the earJy Mongolian races.” One of the Mongolian laws waa to the effect th a t41 everything wbioh a married woman encloses she shall possess.1’ The same people io an elementary degree had in those early days studied geometry and mathematics, knew land surveying, and bad paid attention to the flora and fauna of their country, making a catalogue of the various animals, trees, atones, and other objects known to them. Sir Robert also referred to the literary impulse which the Mongols had given to other people. According to Professor Fa!be, the earth is going to run into Temple's comet on the night of November 13,1899. The British Astronomer Royal, however, does not think that tha comet will arrive up to time, aod wilt piobably not turn up until four months after tbe earth hta passed the spot where Professor Falbe expects the collision to take place. But even •bould tbe earth b it the comet, or the tet bit the earth, he thiaks th at it will not do very much harm, for it ii an a t­ tenuated ghost of a comet, the impact of which might possibly never be felt by the denizens of this earth. The Austrian Beichsrath, which is a peculiar assembly in many respeots, enjoys the unique honor of numbering a waiter among its members, K arl Mittermayer bynsm e. He was elected to-the Reichirath as an Anti-Semite in M arch, 1897\. A t present M itierm ajer is head waiter in a small suburban restaurant frequented by workmen and members of the lower class He arrives at six in tbe morning, and works until noon. Then he dons hie best clothes and goes to the House to attend the sitting, which is usually over by five o'elock. At six I’clock be is a t his post in the restaurant again, where be remains until midnight. The restaurant where he ib employed is a third rate establishment, where the patrons give a farthing or an eighth of a penny a i tip i. M ittormayer baa a salary of £2 a month, and baa to make tbe rest of his income by gratuities. An amusing magisterial blunder was made at the last silting of the justices at Gainsborough. A negro was before tbe Oourt on a obarge of assault and elected to give evidence m hie own behalf. He was about to be sworn and the chairman iM r W . Bmbleton Fox) seeing a dark hand stretched oat for the Testament promptly exolaimed, "T ake off your glove!” " That is his haud,” remarked the d ark and tbe Court laughed. A marriage curiosity in Amsterdam ia reported. The bridegroom for a quarter of a century bad been supposed to belong to tbe female sex. In July, 1678, the birth of a male infant was erroneously registered by its parents in the name of a girl. From reasons of economy tbe error was not notified, and the child wsb brought up as a £ irl. Lately, Regina, as tbe boy-girl was oalled, fell in love with a young widow whose baud he eolioited in marriage. I t was only then that the ex<raordinary error was made public, to the great aitoniihm entof all who knew Regina. Alderman Colling*, a Kingston Con. gregationalist, told abszaar audience that amongst the objectionable thiiige in the church was bad varnish, which frequently proved very irritating. or example, when there was an air of drowsiness about the church, aod tbe preacher got a little prosy, the people dropped off to deep, and on waking found themselves stack to the pews in the most awkward !positions. There were load complaints of spoilt elotbes, but it was hoped that when the reaovation of the church was earned cut there would be no more of them. 