Wise and Otherwise. -A. wiSKanan will think iriiat a fool will say, Itonly takes Wind and a keyhole to make a ghost. . v, Fortune gives much to many, but to none enough. The devil can make anything he needs out of a loafer. In friendship we pardon the vir tues, in love the faults. Is a man's life worth living ? It depends upon the liver. Success on earth may mean the worst kind of failure in heaven. No man has yet climbed the lad der of fame on rounds of drinks. It is ev«r so much easier to settle a quarrel before you have begun it. It is an odd fact that the duties of some missionairies is to go to the bad. New York, Paris, and Berlin have altogether not so large an firea as London. It is said that 70 men out of every 100 in the Russian Army can neither read nor write. Hearis. wJlUcKlojr^JWd^stand each other by a word j haft of each is at all times open to the other. There is no folly equally to that of throwing away friendship in a world where friendship is so rare. The City of Fittsburg is said to stand on a piece of ground that was once given in exchange for a violin. There is some consolation in being a bachelor when you hear a woman talk fifteen minutes with out taking a breath. If you /want your boy to love you, don't make him hoe potatoes In the back yard while a brass band is passing the house. They stopped at the restaurant for dinner. They were probably 'newly-engaged, for he blew on the mustard to cool it for her. Woman Lawyer : ' What is your age?' Female witness: 'I was born in the same year as yourself.' W.L. : ' Witness excused.' It is .said that three of the ele phants at the Zoological Gardens (Bng.) earn £2000 a year by carry ing visitors on their backs. A kind gentleman prevented some boys stoning a pigeon fas tened by the leg. Extricating it with much difficulty, he put it ten derly into his bosom. The next day he remarked that it made ,a much nicer pie than he expected. -? And do you really love me, George?1 she asked. ' 'Love you J' repeated George fervently. ' Why, while I was bidding you good-bye in the porch last night, dear, the dog bit a large chunk out of my leg, and I never noticed it until I got home. Love you !' v It is stated that Paderewski, while in America, having had an eye ?tooth extraoted, a wealthy widow paid the dentist a large sum for the precious particle of the pianist's anatomy. Set in gold, it now dangles as a charm from the watch chain of the pianist's infatuated admirer. 