\--.-=^=^r= i Che times Acting GermaN WEDNESDAY; JULY 5, 1899. In honour of the commemoration of the Declaration of American independence the vessels of war in port, together with the United States transport Celtic, were dressed from stem to stem. The British ships flew the American flag at the main. Colonel Bell!, United States Consul, held a reception, which was largely attended. Between 700 and 800 applications for electoral registration were received at South Brisbane yes- I terday in view of the approaching referendum on the Commonwealth Bill. A goods train between Hamilton and Ararat, Victoria, was derailed on Monday night, the whole of His train leaving the rails. The train comprised seven cattle and sheep trucks, several of which were overturned, with the result that 11 bullocks and 80 sheep were killed. A deputation, comprising the delegates to the Stock Boards Convention, yesterday waited upon the Minister for Mines and brought under his notice several matters of importance affecting the pastoral industry. These included the destruction of noxious animals and the question of legislative action in regard to stock routes. At yesterday's meeting of the City Council a long debate took place on the question of the proposed resumption by the Government of some 60 acres of the Sydney Common, and it was resolved "that a deputation from the council should wait upon the Government and protest against its action. The council approved of four bills recommended by the general purposes com- mittee, and ordered that they should be forwarded to Parliament for adoption. H.M.S. Goldfinch returned to port yesterday from Auckland. She experienced very heavy weather, and a leak was discovered in the stoke- hole, necessitating pumping up to her arrival in port. The Australian cricketers commenced a match on Monday at Nottingham against the Notts county eleven. The local men batted first, and had scored 96 runs for the loss of one wicket when play had to be abandoned for the day owing to heavy rain. Captain Dreyfus was amazed at the revelations of his wife when she narrated to him the proceedings in the case. The Prince of Monaco has invited the captain to visit him. The Transvaal Volksraad has by U votes to 15 carried a proposal in favour of doubling the representation of constituencies returning a single member. The result of this action will be to swamp the Rand in the Volksraad. Speaking at Newcastle-on-Tyne, Earl Grey said that President Kruger would only yield to force. The despatch of 10,000 troops to South Africa, he added, would relieve the present tension. Replying to a question in the House of Commons on Monday, Mr. Chamberlain said that the bill dealing with the franchise recently passed by the Volksraad did not differ substantially from the proposals submitted by President Kruger to the Bloemfontein Conference. President Kruger, in addressing the Volksraad, said that the Boer Executive found the burghers as firm as a rock on the question of independence. The goldfields, he admitted, were inadequately represented in the Raad, and Johannesburg was entitled to one additional member, but a general redistribution of seats would be resisted by the people. At Bombay, India, the sub-editor of a journal has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment for having published seditious articles in the Marathon language. By 223 to 102 votes, the House of Commons has agreed to the vote of £805,000 for the purchase of Nigeria, West. Africa. Sir Michael Tliuka-Beaoh praised the Royal Niger Company, nevertheless, he said, the Anglo-French relations in West Africa in 1917 were more strained than the public appreciated. The Czar of Russia has declined to give an audience to the representatives of 1000 European notabilities in art and science, who desired to present a petition in favour of Finland. In connection with the succession to the Throne of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha,- the Duke of Saxe Coburg and Gotha has settled that in the event of the Dukedom of Albany becoming extinct, the descendants of the Duke of Connaught shall rank next in order, and the descendants of the Prince of Wales afterwards. The St. Petersburg " Novoe Vremya " urges the appointment of a Russian agent at Cabul, Afghanistan. The sub-committee- of the Peace Conference has adopted a proposal submitted by the French delegates, declaring it to be the duty of neutral nations on the eve of a conflict to remind the disputants of the permanent Court of Arbitration. Very few transactions were effected yesterday in the investment division of the Stock and Share market, but the general tone was buoyant. Prices of Government stocks and debentures were undisturbed. There was a fair degree of activity in the Import markets yesterday, nearly all the departments participating. Prices remained firm generally, the movements being but Blight. At Darling Harbour yesterday 20 bales of wool arrived by rail, and 040 were received coast wise. Business in the Mining market yesterday was very quiet, particularly in Western Australian gold stocks. Yesterday's customs revenue amounted to £9352. The R.M.S. Rome arrived at Plymouth on the 3rd instant. The H.M.S. Alameda, from San Francisco, arrived at Auckland yesterday. At the London wool sales on Monday the competition was spirited. Prices were unchanged. Now that we have become accustomed to the result of the referendum it is easier to got a clear view of the business of Parliament in the session which opens in about a fortnight's time. It should be a memorable session only second in historical interest, indeed, to that which sent the Constitution Bill to England for the approval of the British Parliament and the Royal assent. The present Assembly was elected to perform a certain duty in regard to the Commonwealth Bill. two-thirds at least of the House so constituted was composed of members in favour of the measure. It was said that the labour members, as representing the more democratic element in the community, were against the bill. But events have shown that not one-fourth of the constituencies known as labour constituencies have justified any such conclusion by their vote. Even the Ministry underwent a process of reconstruction which had the effect of making it more representative of the popular will on the question. To-day we publish the final results of the referendum, from which it will be seen that the country, by means of a great popular vote totalling the recorded verdict of over 191,000 electors, has, by a majority that only falls short by 321 votes of a majority of 25,000, finally and decisively declared in favour of the Commonwealth Hill and the terms of federal partnership which that document lays down. Thus we see that the process of authoritative approval by which the bill is credentialled and substantiated proceeded by regular stages until it reached the culminating authorisation of a popular referendum carrying an unimpeachable majority. The course to be taken by Parliament during the forthcoming session is thus demonstrated as clearly and even imperatively as it is in the power of proof and the expression of the popular will to make it. There has been some talk in another colony of a petition to the Crown against the passing of the Commonwealth Bill by the Imperial Parliament and its subsequent approval by the Queen. It has also been rumoured that steps will be taken to obstruct in the Legislative Assembly the formalities preparatory to its despatch to England, while the rumours to the same effect in regard to the action to be taken by the Council are of a not less desperate if more mysterious cha- tractor. It is just possible, also, that some action may be taken in the Assembly when Parliament meets to question or at least to embarrass the position of the Government. Such action would not, of course, be expected to produce any definite political results, and we may be certain that the Opposition proper under Mr. Barton would not under any circumstance be found lending itself to any such attempt. The interests of federation and the repeated declarations of federal leaders on both sides of the House discredit any such suggestion as that. If it is attempted, therefore, we may regard such action as a rather transparent piece of obstructive tactics directed, not against the Ministry, but with the view of delaying as far as possible the legislative steps necessary to bring the Commonwealth Bill before the Imperial Parliament. It is difficult to see what useful purpose is to be served by such attempt or by any of those stratagems which those anti-federalists who have not accepted the verdict of the referendum are supposed to hold in reserve as tactics for delaying or discrediting the bill. It may be that on some important point a sort of demonstration of antagonism to the Ministry may be made by the Adullamito or disappointed section in the Assembly. It is also possible that in the Council there may be a show of more open and honourable, though not look futile, resistance to the people's will in regard to federation as declared by a majority at last year's referendum, by an increased majority at the general election which followed, and by a still greater. and more sweeping majority at the referendum of which we publish the final officially declared result this morning. But, however the attempt may shape itself, it is hardly to be expected that the federal sense of the country and of Parliament will allow itself to be baffled by tactics such as these. , History is continually repeating itself, and it is curious as well as interesting to recall that when the Constitution Bill was adopted in 1851 there were certain tactics of obstruction put in force then which may afford a kind of historical object lesson in advance for those who may be disposed to obstruct the Commonwealth Bill now. There was always a party in the country, as well as in the Legislative Council of the period, opposed to constitutional government ; just as in those days there was a party opposed to the cessation of transporta- tion. When the Constitution Bill was read a third time in the old Legislative Council it was carried by a majority of 22 to 6-surely very small numbers to change the form of Government in any country. But then it has to be remembered that public opinion was behind the not very numerous majority, and that the inrush of now population caused by the gold discoveries introduced a state of affairs which," as despatch of the time from Sir John Pakington, the then Secretary of State for the Colonies, said, " had no parallel in history." When the bill was carried a series of declaratory resolutions put on record the fact that it was the embodiment of all the rights for which the people and their representatives had for years been contending. Yet in 1854 Mr. Darvall, who had opposed the bill in the Council, moved a series of resolutions setting forth that the bill sent home had been passed in opposition to the wishes of a large majority of the colonists, and that a Government formed under its provisions would fail to command that confidence of the people without which it could not be either powerful or useful. Those resolutions were defeated on division by 24 votes to 19. Another attempt was made within a few weeks after the land jug of Sir William Denison as Governor, in 1855, A petition against the Constitution was adopted by a public meeting, and the new Governor was urged to dissolve the Legislative Council with a view to the reconsideration of the new Constitution, That attempt also miscarried, as did the attempts made in England to dis- credit the bill which gave Australia responsible government. It may be seen, therefore, that the opponents of the Commonwealth Bill will be able to find some discouraging precedents to guide them if they should be disposed to attempt any factious opposition to the federal will of the people. The ago which Dean Cowper has attained would by itself mark him out, and added to the position which he has long held in the ecclesiastical world of Sydney, Would account for the Felicitations addressed to him on Monday when completing his 89th year. It is no ordinary span of life which is covered by the experience of the Dean of Sydney. Those who attend St. Andrew's on Sunday mornings may often see, and up to a recent date they might have heard proach, a man who was born in this city in the year 1810 and whose memory extends back to 1814. Vow older natives of Sydney are among us, none in a position to remember so many of the men and the events which for us and our descendants are already part of the history of this country, Except for the period of education and brief duty after ordination in England, the Dean has spent his life in this colony, and much of it in this city. He has seen it grow from the small town which Macquarie governed to the capital we know. That is a transformation which impresses the imagination. It may be that to one who was contemporary with all those changes they may not seem so remarkable, being indeed part of a series slowly develop- ing from year to year, and destined to remould the whole social fabric of the colony. Already the successive stages of that development are fading. The community among which the Dean was born was in the main bondsmen, end those officials, government, religious, secretary and others, appointed to them. Then came the era of free immigra- tion, of expansion and settlement. The country was opened up by the pioneer squatters, a change which soon reacted upon the city. The struggle for constitutional government, the gold-mining era, the extension of settlement under the land legislation, the spread of railways, and the growth of colonies all round this, from New Zealand to Western Australia, and from Queensland to Victoria, are all stages in growth which have taken place under the eyes of this venerable man. Awl amid these transformations he has kept; the noiseless tenor of his way, and having outlived so many contemporaries and witnessed so many of their triumphs and defeats, which are now but dimly re membered, he has become a sort of institution of the city. If it were given to painter or writer to be able to go embody thoSyduoyof those vanished donations as it exists in the memory of one of its oldest sons, how interesting the pictures which he could give us, and how conclusive his evidence to decide what in the next century may be many a vexed question among the archaeologists, Hundreds of details, of topography, history, the life and the manners, the dress, the interests and affairs of the old inhabitants of this city and territory are preserved in the Dean's mind, details which are buried in, family letters and diaries and the like and the early newspapers. And to the singular connection of Dean Cowper and his family with Sydney there is added the interest of his personal character; the one renders him so vener- able a figure in the life of the city, the other endears him to many within and beyond his own fold. In ecclesiastical tradition he belongs to the spiritual school in the Church of England of the first part of this century, and still the atmosphere of quiet, and old world goodness attached to his doctrine. No controversialist or polemic, he has with equal firmness and charity held by the convictions which were with him both inheritance and training. If he has not compassed higher ecclesiastical dignities; it was not for want of opportunity, for it is known that pro Governors might have been his, but he would not. Instead he has been content to quietly administer his cathedral parish in the intervals when he was not with the same effacement engaged in the duties of the bishopric. During all these years he has grown a familiar figure to all Sydney, and if by reason of ago he is not now as heretofore daily seen in his duty, he is not the loss affectionately remembered by great numbers of city people. Therefore his entry upon his 90th year is marked by this tribute of respect and esteem, for his is the age which is accompanied by '. honour, love, obedience, troops of friends." The ago and the ecclesiastical service of Dean Cowper do not stand by themselves. Dean Macartney, of Melbourne, though a junior compared with Dean Cowper, is an instance of the longevity of the clergy. In England the case is similar. There is a compensating influence, and if the religious vocation offers to man the fewest prizes in the shape of dignities, riches, and pOwer, it more frequently than any other calling gives length of days, unimpaired faculties,' and, in Wordsworth's lines, An old age serene and bright And lovely as a Lapland night. Allowing for its numbers as compared with those of other callings, the clergy shows most old men, vigorous old men. Some explanations of this obvious fact are on the surface. The men who enter the clerical life are such as by temperament and training are disposed to careful- ness and moderation in all things, their duties and office preserve them I from many of life temptations of other men, and the tranquillity of their days easily passes into the settled order of their lives. That is for the men who early occupy the more important charges of their churches. There are, of course, others who, as Dean GWper himself did when he was chaplain to the A. A. Company, enter upon the heavy work of the country clergyman, with a large scattered parish, necessitating much travelling. Those men will often exemplify the longevity of the clerical profession, notwithstanding hardships of many kinds. The country doctor, who has those hardships too, will often be replaced in his practice while his contemporaries iii the clergy may be still at work, However it comes about, the length of vigorous days allotted to Dean Cowper is not wholly unique, and in this long mellowing of experience and observation, this ripening' of human goodness and charity, the men of religion may find one more of their claims upon the respect of the headlong genera- tions which outstrip them in the race for gold and in the progress to the grave. More than usual interest attached to yesterday's celebration of Independence Day by our American fellow-citizens. There has always been a friendly feeling between Australians and Americans, but a warmer note than usual was struck yesterday. Since the " Glorious Fourth " was celebrated last year the United States has Vindicated its greatness in a war. Americans have proved on the field of battle and on sea that they are of the fine old race to which Australians are proud to belong, and the sympathy with which the war against Spain was followed was brotherly, not cosily, in its warmth. The support, silent but strong, of the British Empire was, of course, on the side of the United States in that quarrel, and the value of that support has been again and again acknowledged by American states- men. As a result of the Spanish American war, the United States has entered upon a colonising career, and here, too, the sympathies of the greatest colonising power that the world has over seen are on the side of the Scales. British and American sailors have stood shoulder to shoulder under fire in the year that has passed, and the fellow-feeling which common dangers and common success inspire is worth more as a bond of union than the strictest treaty ever drawn up by diplomatists. This feeling was admirably expressed yesterday as well in the honour done to the occasion by the British war ships in the harbour as in the mutual compliments paid by representatives of the mother country and of the United States and of Australia. The graceful combination of Queen and President in the one that is but emblematic of the union which should and which does exist between all English-speaking nations. Before long Federated Australia will take her place amongst the nations, none the less important and influential because there is no necessary for us as there was for the American colonists of a century ago to throw off allegiance to the Crown. And then the English- speaking nations, stretching hands of brotherhood round the world, will secure, as no other federation can hope to secure, those great blessings of peace and freedom and prosperity, for which men in all ages have so earnestly longed. _ The City Council has a small budget of bills to be presented to Parliament when it meets. Looked into, these measures are seen to be of some general importance. Of the four, one only is a formal amending bill. The other three deal respectively with overdue rates on unclaimed properties, the regulation of certain places of public amusement, and the resumption of land required for civic purposes. The City Council, like smaller municipal bodies, is troubled with non-payment of rates upon vacant lands or properties the owners of which cannot be ascertained. The City Corporation proposes, after five years of this abeyance, to take power to enter and for such properties, the lent to be devoted to clearing off rates, and if the rent is insufficient thou to apply to the Supreme Court for sale of the land. This is a large power, and to justify it the Council would perhaps need to show that unpaid rates amounted to a large item in its financial statement ; but the power would in practice be little used, and the fact that it could be availed of in emergency would reduce long outstanding rates. As to the regulation of places for public dancing, boxing, athletics, or music within the city, few will deny that such places of entertainment ought to be so supervised that objectionable features could be quickly got rid of ; but as to who should have charge of the" regulation is not settled. The suburban municipalities often complain of disorderly dancing saloons within their boundaries, but even their by-laws do not afford relief. The police, of course, are powerless over private property, and can only outer such saloons when called in, or when actual violence is proceeding. If Parliament is disclosed to give the City Council powers to maintain good order in places of entertainment in the city, the powers will no doubt be properly used. But the fear that the City Council may act as the London County Council did some years ago during the music-hall crusades will no doubt operate in Parliament. The important point about the bill for empowering the City Council to resume lands necessary for civic purposes is that the principle of betterment is there embodied. This budget of proposed legislation shows that the Council is more active than of old in extending its powers and functions in city government, and is so far a welcome sign. The USAAF from Samoa as here we are enabled to offer our readers this morning is distinctly encouraging for the prospect of peace The Commissioners have had a somewhat difficult and delicate task before them, which was not made easier by recent cases in Samoa, and sufficient complicated from the beginning by the operation of the Berlin Treaty The whites had interests of their own, and some of these appeal to have been of a mutually conflicting character The name as were divided among themselves Both took sides against each other, and the ropie3ontatiA03of the three Treaty Powers s qual rolled among them selves The inevitable happened in due course, and the native Samoan was taught how grievous and serious a thing it is to come into personal conflict with European tactics and weapons They appear to have held their own fairly v oil, Nevertheless until the fact of the Commissioners disarmed them We learn now that the Mataafa, party have given up 8400 rifles, so that a breach of the peace is for the present out of the question But a pleasanter guarantee of amity was that given by the meeting of Mataafa and Malietoa chiefs on board the Badger The chiefs shook hands, we are told and apparently with a simple friendliness and desire for peace which intensify the regret that they should each have been led into Avaifaro With civilised Powers and among themselves They were content, they said, to awe at, a ith patience and good feeling towards each other, the final settlement of the Samoan question by the Powers The action of those chiefs may scorn guileless , but confidence of this kind in these days of publicity should prove the best means of ensuring justice by the strong towards the weak, Tut, Sydney Mail -In the " Mail of this week the chief feature is the illustration of the sheep show, as Inch has been described as the best of the kind yet hold in Australia, and which has proved as well a federal parliament of sheep breeders and pastoralists generally. The illustrations of sheep are (so numerous, so large, and so graphic that sheep men who have not seen the show will be able to debate the awards on the points of the pictured animals there is a large number of general illustrations Those include pictures of the late Dean Selwyn, and of his funeral pictures of the doings of the Lancers and the cricketers in England an article on Australian energy, with a number of pictures of scientific birdnesting in the Clarence sUolnhcs at the poultry show , portraits of the new Minister for Justice the Hunter Baillie professor of Hebrew , General Sir Redvers Buller, who has been appointed to command of the British forces in South Africa in the event of a war with the Transvaal , Talia, the handsome Vivandiere of Gaunt's Samoan brigade, and others, as well as a photograph of the prizes of the Europeans who fell during the Samoan campaign An in defeating set of pictures illustrates the method of performing one of Dante's most puzzling illusions, and the latest proposal for the city railway extension is made clear by a comprehensive plan of the route and station Vice most. News Earl Beauchamp had luncheon at the Hotel Australia yesterday with Colonel Bell and a party of American gentle men, who celebrated the " 4th of July " This evening his Excellency will leave on a visit to Moree There has been a modification of the original programme, with the result that the contest pinto! drive to Dolgelly has been abandoned. The Governor will be received at a public breakfast at Narrabri to morrow morning, and in the evening Iib will be entertained at a dinner at Moree Two artesian bores as ill he inspected, one being at Woolahra and the other at Meroo On Friday his Excellency shall be taken over a portion of the Moree to Inverell railway line, and on Saturday he will be driven to Midkin, where he will be afforded an opportunity of seeing it shearing machine in fullopoialioa I uri Beauchamp will be accompanied by Mr Corkran (private secretary), Captain Wilfrid Smith, ADC, the Hon J H Young (Minister for Lands), Mr Hassall, M L A , Colonel Mackay, M.L.A., Mr. J W Boultbee (Superintendent of Artesian Boring), and Mr W D Biuglo (private secretary to the Minister) the party will return to Sydney on Monday morning Lady Mary Lygon visited the Women s College yesterday, and was shown over the institution by Miss Macdonald J ¡to visitors also in eluded the Dowager Lady Raglan and Lady Bertha Wilbraham Lady Mary Lygon has consented to become editress in chief of the souvenir book is which is to be issued in relation to the press section of the Queen Victoria Home for Con comprises Fund Inn Savfaiuno iv or Mining 113 a meeting of the Executive Connell was held yesterday morning, at which the Ministers 111 town wore " second 111 " in connection with taking over the as York of then now departments The Ministers who as ero 111 attendance were -Mr Young (Minister for Lands), Mr Lee (Minister for Works) and Mr Hughes (Minister for Justice) PosT, rAGini for in a Glfiil -Same as eokn like the older men of the Glebe waited upon the Yea master General and urged that there (should be a delivery of letters three times on Saturday 111 the Glebe district, as as us the case some time now, instead of the present arrange- most of two dolls ones only It was also suggested that all letters posted at the local post in I tnd«Ídl*ased3t0 persons "seaman. Glebe should be sorted at the local office and Evered, instead of sending them on to thoGonar!i Post Office to be sorted and brought baTL ,h local post office before being delivered The Miner at the meeting on Monday night rected n replying the matter having been earth," considers 1, the dop-u-lraint declined to accede to the request of the council in other matter The latter was received and referred to these, purposes committee for report I AloaT iv the Nonsense Thompson agricultural instructor, has furnished Mr Cook with an interesting report upon the capabilities of the district. around Merriwa, Ca-sihs.andBacram for farming pursuits He says the districts com push some of the finest land in the colony habit of producing almost anything , but the settlers at present are not by any means making the most of their opportunities in fact, Victorian chaff ,, now being used in the district, potatos and nearly all other food products are being introduced from other places while no attempt in being made to open supply local requirements in dairying products Mr Thompson reports that although agriculture is in a backward condition in many of the most fells districts of the colony, he finds among the settlers a sincere desire for better methods and information on all subjects connected with the cultivations the soil and Mr Cook hopes that the efforts of the officers who are now constantly travelling among the settlers, with a view to making them acquainted with progressing agriculture, may result in increased interest in these matters The "WrONG Gouimfuj The Minister for Mines (Mr Cook) leaves by the 9 o'clock train this evening for an inspection of the Wyalong; and Temora goldfields Mr Cook will take the opportunity of personally inquiring into a number of requests which have been made to his department and he will also make himself acquainted with the general working of the hotels in the district The Minute will return to town on Wednesday next TjNrvrLOYKn Advisory Board -A meeting of the board was held westonia) afternoon, Mr Sydney Smith (chairman) and 10 members being? present A letter was received from the Chief Secretary intimating that Mr. George Black had been appointed a member of the board Messrs Wallace Webster and J L D vuí, of the Lands Department, gave evidence, and the board then proceeded to consider the draft progress report, which was adopted, subject to some additions being made for consideration at the next meeting The chairman referred to a unit made by sectional committee to the Pitt Town Settlement and after discussion the board adjourned until Tuesday next GovrR\~tfiu.T ÍIlsiimítion of a Portion of the Snary Common The City Council yesterday decided to wait as a deputation on the Premier to protest against the resumption of 60 acres of the Sydney Common by the Government for the purposes of a public reeueutiouground for school children and for other purposes The opinion was oppressed that the plea of resumption for the wel fare of the children was in use, and that the body in whose interests the resumption was made was the Athletic Association The Major, amid cheers, stated that he intended to fight this matter as well as the wharfs' matter out to the bitter end with the Government. The position of Patin most of city constituencies as well as the members of the suburban constituency interested and asked to jam the council in the deputation Cm and METnoroMTAN Hfaitii Ahaibs - Too city has a health officer (Dr Gw\ uno Hughes), appointed by the council, and the Board of Health his appointed a health officer (Dr Armstrong) under the Public Health Act fortis whole of the metropolitan district, which of course, includes the city of Sydney Alderman Dr Graham has for come time past been pressing on the City Council the necessity of the council taking advantage of tliopitnitioii of the Public Health Act, so that its offer might be i n officer of the Board of Health on nella of the council, thus making him supreme not only in the health sitting of the city, but also in the health affairs of those boroughs which abut on the city. The matter was referred to the finance committee of the council, and that committee reported to the council j yesterday that the existing state of things should be continued in the service of both officers under the present arrangement a ore at the disposal of the come in at all times The rest of the committee was adverse]) criticised by Alderman Dr fjrakntn nhotronejit that if it should be denied the city would have the opportunity overdid it by the Act of come into line with him trout modern cities offhand world in public health matters îievcrtliclealls council by 12 votes to three adopted the relief the committee Gr LATin Surry -At the meeting of th' Ct; Council yesterday, the Mayor (Sir Matthew Hums) announced that he intended in about a fortnight to call the council together to coast with him as to the proposed municipality of Greater Sydney He was lmungplms prepared of what he thought Greater Sydney th and he, and those he would lay before the council He further said that his proposition to the council would be to approach the Government and-bye the appointment of a Royal Commission to deal with the matter Naval News The German i miser Falke which was present at Samoa during the whole of the recent trouble there, but took no active part in the proceedings, is due hut He Talto comes to dock and refit and will then return to the inlands Hu place in Samoan waters has been taken by the Comorin, which arrived at Apia on the 10th ultimo, 10 at lys helots the lalkoltft for Sydney The flagship Royal Arthur is due at Adelaide, and is to come on to Sydney , she is due here in about 10 any Tin Cowin Goal itnoiAr Conor is nothing »FLPiiiv-rrom New Zealand it is stated that Mr. O A Green, considered it delegate Item Philadelphia, has had an interview with the Hon R Seddon, Premier, at which Mr. Green asked that the colony should place on permanent exhibition in the Philadelphia Museum samples of its leading lines of manufactures The 1 rennet thought that such a request should be granted and promised to see what could bed juc Mt Croon urged Mr Seddon to bring her no the Ooiornniuit the matter of appointing a delegate to represent the colony at the coming Commercial Congress in Philadelphia The Premier is said to have replied that the matter would be brought before Full front line Mails and Mail Steamers -ft day The mails by the Ormuz- of English date the 2nd ultimo will he declared in the city Yesterday the A and A route steamer Alameda armed in the morning at Auckland from San Francisco and left in the evening for Sydney. The steamer s due date at Auckland n to-day, so that she is a day in advance of schedule time The dates of her mails from London 3 June 1, San Francisco the 11th, Honolulu the 21st, Samoa the 20th and Auckland the 4th instant The steamer is to come here on Saturday next, will berth at uV Margaret street wharf of the Union Company A budget of Siimounnews by the steamer, caMe from Auckland, appears show here To day, M mentioned below, the Moana in this line will be despatched to Sun 1 Francisco from the foot of Margaret-street union The Polynesien, from Noumea, turned last evening' It is expected that the Ormuz will leave Melbourne to more, for Sydney, and came here at 10 am on Saturday Sailing To day or Tin San Francisco Mau Sti saying The Moana will leave her departure from the Union Company's Wharf at the foot of Margaret-street at noon to-day bound far Bid I raised, via Auckland, Apia, and Honolulu Included in the list of passenger are Mr and Mrs J C Nicholson, Mr A Blashki, Mr Edgar Straus, and Mr O A Green A number of passengers join the mail steamer at way for, three of whom, originally booked from Australia, having already gone forward by the local series of the Union Company, and are now awaiting to join the mail steamer en route across the East Included in the cargo are lines of hides?, skins, the, kapok, and general colonial produce has PoiASFsiEf mohair NotJUEA -The French mail steamer Polynesien last evening anchored in Watson's Bay from New Caledonia, and after receiving pratique will come up to the company s wharf this morning in the passenger list from the French colony is General Dodds, who are turning to France after making his inspection the General is a distinguished career in the service and was specially selected to visit Caledonia as an expert upon fortilnatwus lal home Government however decided to strengthen tbePnciuo possession, and in various ways bring Noumea up to the position of a Pacific sea. station This will include the construction of dock for the use of the 1 south warships and Iii icrynecei-siry work in. now stated to be on the V sign of starting the C entrant, who is down paid by Capt nu G inncuu, was much surprise with Non C the Roma, and prficnlirlj to in great mineral wealth but IrA SiFAMrae-lho new seasons tea steamers from Foochow are on the way w Tai) nan is bringing a cargo for Queenilua j elinor and is expected about the r*?aET'J* SL Ohnigta a in direct steam. T* all ally l»'»(TPmtod a[ LTr island she nears o: poole £7 <" S.r/or3mday The new steamer Eastern, Mutarnee congous, ison her way down to Servia This Again This morning as all "the Aberdeen line steamer Nineveh back in It seems scarcely any time since this line Tamer left here, taking the troop of Lancers A . when a very enthusiastic demonstration TJL at D ügety'. Wharf, Short is the time " _ the steamer las s voyaged many thousands of miles during the interval From Sydney she JW at Melbourne and from there crossed the Son Ocean to Natal, South Africa, thence to Capetown and from there to London Uci Pr0' at outward voyage was from London In Cape ¡ then direct to Melbourne, and on to this ( ' Captain Nallmuiol Allan's friends pur L meeting him upon arrival to congratulate Lb upon the fine voyage he air-do home with the jlBilnJian troops SEE iYesitblt Blow -Inquiry is being made for the barque Woollahra, which was bloAsa away tram He Heads 10 days ago She come within a Lpb of miles of the port, took a pilot on board, Lamm blown off the land The ship Helensburgh, was off the fiends list Tuesday week from Jliunans and bound to Newcastle She has not the sports 1 since, so had gone to leeward in the crystal blois Another ship, the Great Admiral, and the Heads from Buenos Ayres several of dance bound to Newcastle There was too he b sea on, so she is still trying to make the Mit A barque from Melbourne, the Wenona, was reported near the Heads a week ago, bound for Melbourne to Sydney, but has not arrived, units also reported that the barque Menga, scathless Sydney some time ago for the Clarence River to load for New Zealand, is still at sea Doherty a Mammoth Learn The Kaiser Fh'inch sa as successfully docked recently at Tilbury She had lost two blades of her port propeller (She is twin screw) and was ordered to I Southampton for docking but the St PaulAsns I there found 1 inside So the 12,800 ton liner was taken to TilLriry Asueroagroat crowd assembled to see the largest vessel that ever has been in the ITltmesdock taken in The operation did not cause Ibt of ghost interruption to the usual routine on board and the passengers remained on the ship the to the repairs s\ are being carried out While j the Kaiser IYicdnch-sshich, by the way, motion | of the Norddeutscher Lloyd steamers employed eighteen Germany and New York was in dock he had to pay for the use of it at the into cl'loOpcrdiy Tour centrifugal pumps were read to pump the dock, these being worked by [OTerful centrifugal engines Two million gallons of water as were pumped out, and the two trades were then screwed on without much life tully after so Inch the mammoth ship, which has ticoainodition for 400 first class passengers, 252 Kcond and 1000 steerage, was floated out Ibifcoglhof the liner is given as "Sift 7m , had the length of Sydney's greatest dock at %kntoo Island-the Sutherland-is GOSft on the shore or 38ft in the extreme, so that it is probable that the Kaiser Friedrich could have in dod el hero had the accident happened off Jus coast Germany possesses but one dry dock it Bremen) which could have accommodated this year and according to " Lloyd's Register " Here are in the United Kingdom less than half a teen such door t The dock at Tilbury, which is in the Kaiser rVicdnoh, is 440ft long, and fit in breadth Dm Cosrrat's Birthday Congratulations - UeYeuerÄClo the Dean of Sydney, who has just entered upon his 90th year, was the recipient of any felicitations from the clergy, the numerous shires, and immediate friends His Excellency be Governor (Earl Beauchamp) wrote ft kindly charge of congratulation, mentioning that so they had told him of the long and arduous work each the Dean had given to the Church of Mind in Australia that he hoped he would be spared for future unite" His Grace the Arch deep as has been his custom for years and sent home specially composed birth Byrnes based on a passage of Scrip fire which afforded the Dean much grass 'cation Bishop Stanton and Archdeacon Bode elastic), Sir Matthew Harris M L A (Mayor of Sydney), and the Chief Justice (Sir Frederick Drily) were amongst those who sent letters of »nintnhtion on Monday Both yesterday and represents day there was a constant stream of callers amongst whom as to Sir Edward Knox inducts Knox, Sir Joseph and Lady Abbott, separated from the Cathedral Chanter and the D txm Church Society, and representatives from the Siadiysi school teachers and the mothers' HERing in for Cathedral district The Lav Villers association's deputation was introduced s-Mr H lMlnco Mort, and offered a kindly if sugars MD,,ratuliition A prettily decorated rthday as was also sent by Mr. and Mrs. Jolly Part There as are many beautiful floral tributes and other gifts Bent, thus testifying to heartened esteem in Aslnob, the Dean in hold In 0 11 Yates's Mission There as as a aga gathering last evening at the Tow n Hall, when the lies C H Palmer continued the meetings in connection with the United Evaugo dlscussion. the usual form of service And showed comprising pray ors, hymns, and ad rws, besides several solos The attendances at these corners appear in no way to relax the latest interest and devotion being manifested lllEDICTOUY DINNER to Mr W E BAZAn Amongst the pas once leaving by the Moana to-day for San Francisco n Mr W Hazard who has been connected for mi time with the firm of Mr T Crago, silk, newton!! and Bathurst, in the severly of city and suburban tram offer Hos- returning to his native town in Canada, and his follow employees to mark the esteem in headway 15 held by them, entertained him at a Well dinner at Paris House, Phillip-street, on Friday evening last Mr B Ward, accountant, I sided, and during the night referred to the many good qualities of their departing guest and the r deep regret at losing such an enthusiastic member of the stuff he asks followed in the same strain by Mr H Franks (head traveller), He understood (mills), and Mr Crago, and 'Mr Hazard suitably responded, and said the time It had been in Mr Crai;o s employ was the support he had spent in Australia, and he as could always look back with pleasure to it and the many friends he was leaving behind Tub Tllfhione Station -The report on the Aprons systems of the colony for the month of lane phonetic 170 telephones as are connected nth the in on service during the month, which of the record for any single month. The total number of telephones under the control if the department at the end of the year as its GOSS-The wools from the Newcastle line for the past three lonthaweroRs follows -April, £78 Mayse 'and, £11" the Katoomba line since the open on March 11 earned i 18 18s The receipts may His Bathurst line, which was opened on June 3 (to June '30) were £1 i 2s 6d It is thought but this h rooms a line will (in a more encouraging I tania during the summer months New South Wai es Gold Find) -The Mines D parliament has compiled the usual monthly gold stone which shows that the yield for June was I'CiCnz asconipnclAsith H.Gllo/ during the famous mouth of May, an increase of 2G,035o/ "Mho first six; months of the a car the total yield «I80OSI0?, an increase of Jl,3G0o/ on the responding period of 1898, and 07,83 4oz moto Ianthe Yield for the first half of 1897 Mr Cook states that these figures must be considered us "ghly satisfactory and shots that the gold 1 as industry of the colony at the present time "unhealthy and prosperous condition Res Over by a Cart Constable McMaster, too bitter Police, yesterday afternoon con- ned to the Sydney Hospital John Harding, 'SS 66, who was suffering from abdominal in II' sustained by being run over by his cart, to which he fell, on Circular Quay, near the Tt of Phillip street Harding, as he is a Aim proprietor, residing at 142 Blues Point-road, "and Sydney, was admitted into the hospital by the old! and his condition is regarded as critical nut, Acudfst - A fatal accident occurred to Railway Wharf, Pyrmont, last night. The 1 a collier Illaroo was coaling the German steamer Augsburg, and amongst the coal TPo»en(,a¿cdintho asoiIcasiis Ira Augustus l'W,doni¿ duty as a pianissimo By some vans Kells mined his footing and fell on to the JJ At the Illaroo a distance of about 20ft, .»ttunqghuiikul« He was removed to the JP's, on a handed over to the officers of the ;'7 Ambulance and Transport Brigade, who 'wish to Sydney Hospital On arrival there "I brennand stated that the man was dead, and a lady was removed to the South Sydney and Ivel17'111' 20 years old, and resided lull pile and the (injured list 10 Clyde-street, was Point A i open for the circumstances has eyes to the CL throne, U.Urt,ïro1 of I'l-l«»liam at the council meeting fttuSlfnt"iuc that he was engaged in seeing IttenCtfi """"»nrnontBworo carried out in Rom Park, so as a It might be made a place of pleasure to the resided in on Sundays Itwasilso announced that a telephone Uro name had been erected at the corner of Albany and Clarendon roads, Petersham, communicating with the Marrickville fire station By advertisement appearing elsewhere it will be seen that the ninth annual general meeting of members of the Pastoralists' Union of New South Wales will he held this evening at the Wool Exchange, Macquarie-place Mr A A Dangar, of Baroona, will preside A deputation from the Friendly Societies'' Association will wait upon the Colonial Secretary to-morrow at 2 15 p in with regard to the proposed Friendly Societies' Bill A deputation of fisherman will wait upon the same Minister on Friday with regard to a cu collar recently issued by the Fisheries Commission on the subject of fishing nets, Le At a fracture of the Globe Council held on Monday evening a letter was read from the Chief Under-Secretary, notifying that the Government had been pleased to declare the borough of the Globe subject to the powers of the Municipal Loans' Further Validation Act of 1867 as to sums of £10,000 and £6,000 borrowed by the council of the said municipality At the meeting of the Waverley Council last evening the Mayor (Alderman Watkin Wynne) and A Idol men T G Watkins, W J Blunt, and A O Hewlett were appointed a sub committee for the purpose of revising the proposed municipal bylaws issued by the Municipal Councils' Association, with a view of reporting upon same at a future melting of the council In another column appears an end amusement re- spect ing the calling of tenders by the Borough of Woollahra for road construction We have been requested to direct attention to an advertisement in another column giving particulars of a sale of furs to be conducted by Messrs Henry Harris and Co., at 199 Pitt-street, on Thursday last The Railway Commisioners love opened tenders for the supply of 10,000 sleepers required in connection with the maintenance of the tramways Eleven tenders were received, the lowest being at 2s 6d per sleeper The Rev. Rabbi Landau will deliver a popular feature in the School of Arts on Saturday evening next, when his subject will be " The Writings of Zangwill," with reference to misconceptions of Jews mill Juiljism Mr Justice Cohen will preside The quarterly meeting of the Gladstone Lodge, No 290 U A R D was held last night at the lodge room Fitzgerald's Crystal Palace Hotel, George street The Arch-Druid, Bro Margetts presided, and there was a good attendance. The balance sheet and auditor's' report, which were satisfactory, were unanimously ado stock After the usual routine business Past-President Bro Kean, on behalf of the lodge, presented to the P ist Arch Druid Bro A O Shone, a richly ornamented collar and jewel Bro Shone suitably acknowledged the gift Votes of thanks to the visitors closed the proceedings We have been requested to call attention to the " great winter sale " of useful household drapery now in progress at the " Mutual Stores," Pitt street At the School of Arts yesterday afternoon an exhibition of the " Peerless Steam Cooker was of ivan by Mr C Levy Tbo cooker is a utensil for cooking at once a whole timber Yesterday a joint of meat, vegetables, and sweets were cooked, the results, according to those of the audience who tasted the viands, being in every) respect satisfactory The experiments were witnessed by a large number of persons The monthly meeting of the ladies' committee of the Sydney City Mission was held on Monday in the YMCA rooms Present Mrs John Marks (in the chair), Mesdames Pottle, Crane, Ironside, Anderson, Threlkeld, Ward, and Bending The dairies of the two Bible-women (Mrs Spear and Miss Craven) were scarf Their work (the writers stated is being greatly blessed On Monday evening the weekly meeting of the Rockdale Wesleyan Institute was held in the school-hall, when Mr G Hattersley (editor) read the various papers contributed to the "Gazette" All the papers called forth a fair amount of criticism from an appreciative audience The chair was oorarin d by Mr C C Jones the newly painted syllabus, with motto " Vincit Qui So Vincit " attached, was Inn! upon the table of On Saturday afternoon last a concert was given by the patients at the Sydney Hospital About 50 patients were present, and appeared to thoroughly enjoy the corner t The 'police mg ladies and gentlemen contributed towards the programme -Mrs Kiugouiill-bhan and Misses Bunting, Skollett, Milito VVjnno, Edith Wynne, Sussunlch, Annette Kellerman, and Mr Sanderson At the Centenary Hall for this evening " A Great American Night is announced Colonel Bull will deliver an address", and a varied programme of entertainment is arranged. The IN S W Artillery band will (weather permit ting) perform in the Ou tot Domain this afternoon, commencing at 3 30 o'clock A report was made to the police last night by a woman that while she «asgoiogalong Albion street, near Elizabeth-street, a man snatched a handbag which she was carrying and ran off the Lady Belmore Park. the big contained the sum of £20 Dr Carroll yesterday afternoon admitted into the Sydney Hospital a man named John Walker, aged 48, a wharf labourer, residing at 22 Barrack street, North Sydney who suffering from a scalp wound, injury to the back, and general shock, caused by falling down the hatchway of a lighter on which he was working it Dalgety's Wharf, Miller's Point An attempted burglary" at the residence of Mr Myles, Arthur-street, Ashfield, was reported to the Ashfield police yesterday jars Salier, who lives near the place mentioned, saw a well-dressed man attempting to enter the promises through a window, and (gave the alarm, when the man decamped 