New Year's Night. (Written for the "Town and Country Journal.") By Henry Lawson. (Author of "While the Billy Boils," "In the Days When the World Was Wide," etc., etc.) It was dark enough for anything In Dead 1 Gap-^a round, warm, close darkness, in whic treating sounds seemed to be cut off sudden a distance of a hundred yards or so, Inste* growing faint and fainter, and dying away strike the ear once or twice again-and minutes, it might seem-with startling dist ness, before being finally lost in the distanc it is on clear, frosty nights. So with the so of horses' hoofs, stumbling on the rough br track through the "saddle," the clatter of 1 clipped stones and scrape of gravel down hidden "siding," and the low sound of n voices, blurred and speaking in monosylli and at intervals it seemed, and in hushed, £ tones, as though they carried a corpse. To i tical eyes, grown used to such a darkness, at the nearest point, the passing blurrs w have suggested two riders on bush hacks lea a third with an empty saddle on its bac lady's or Vslde-saddle," if one could have dh guished the horns. They may have Btruck a track or level, or rounded the buttress of the higher up, but before they had time to read round the foot of the spur, blurs, whispers, st ble and clatter of hoofs, jingle of bridle ri and the occasional clank together of stirrup ir seemed shut off as suddenly and completely though a great sound-proof door had swun§ behind them. It was dark enough on the glarlngest of c down in the lonely hollow pr '.'pocket," betw two spurs, at the head of a blind gully bel Mount Buckaroo, where a more or less di patch, barely defined even In broad daylight a spidery dog-legged fence on three sides, an thin "two-rail" (dignified with th« adjec "split-rall"-though rails and-posts were mo of saplings split in halves), running along frontage-and having, in about the middle ol a little slab hut overshadowed by a big strin bark shed1-was pointed out as Johnny Mea: Farm. "Black as-as charcoal," said. Johnny Mei he had neyer seen coal, and was a cautious m whose ideas came slowly. He stooped, close the fence, ; with his hands on his knees, to "si the loom of his big shed and so get his bearin He had been to have a look at the peni calves, and see that all slip-rails were up i pegged, fdr the words of .John Mears, junior, pecially when delivered rapidly and shrilly a in injured tones, were not to be relied upon these matters. v "It's hot enough to melt the belly out of : fiddle," said Johnny Mears, to his wife, who i on a three-legged stool by the rough table'in t little white- washed ".end-room," putting a pat of patches over the seat of a pair' of molest knickerbockers. He lit his pipe,' moved .a. st( to the side of the great empty fireplace, where looked cooler-might have been cooler on accoii of a possible draught suggested by the presen of the chimney, and where, therefore, he felt breath cooler. He took his fiddle from a com nient shelf, tuned it slowly and carefully, holdi: his pipe (in his mouth) well up and to one-sic as if the .fiddle were an inquisitive and restle baby. He played "Little Drops o' Brandy" thr times, right through, without variation», blin lng solemnly the while; then he put the viol carefully ,back in its box, and started to cut i another pipeful. "You should have gone, Johnny," said the ha gard little woman. . . < ' "Rackln' the horse out a night like ..this," i torted Johnny, "and startin' ploughln' to-morro It ain'tvwörth while.. Let them come, for me th ey want me. "Dance on a- night like this ! "Wb they'll dance in --".: "But you promised. It won't do you no goo Johnny." "It won't do me no harm." The little woman went on stitching. "It's »motherin' hot," said Johnny, with an ir, patient oath. I don't know whether I'll turo i: or turn out, under the shed to-night. It's nt d-d hot to roast indoors." . She bent her head lower over the patch: On smoked and the other stitched in silence for twen ty minutes or so, during which time Johnny migl be supposed to have been deliberating listlessly a to whether he'd camp out on account of the hea or turn In. But he broke the silence with a clot at a mosquito on the nape of his neck, and a ba wora. "I wish you wouldn't swear so much lately Johnny," she said wearily-"at least not to-night." He looked' at her blankly. "Why-why to-night. What's the matter wit you to-night, Mary? What's to-night more thá any other night to you? I see no harm-can' a man swear when a mosquito sticks him?" "I-I was only thinking of the boys, Johnny." "The boys! Why, they're both on the hay ii the shed." He stared at her again, shifted unéas ily, crossed the other leg tightly, frowned, blink ed, and reached for the matches. "You look a bi off-color, Mary. It's the heat that makes us al a bit ratty at times. Better put that by and hav< a swill o' oatmeal and water, and turn in." "It's too hot to go to bed. I couldn't sleep I'm all right. I'll-I'll just finish this. Jusi reach me a drink from the waterbag-the panni- kin's on the hob there, by your boot." He scratched his head helplessly, and reacheá for the drink. When he sat down again, he fell strangely restless. "Like a hen that didn't know where to lay," he put it. He couldn't settle down or keep still, and didn't seem to enjoy his pipe somehow. He rubbed his head again.. "There's a thunderstorm comin'," he said. "That's what it is; and the sooner it comes the better." . He went to the hack door, and Btared at the blackness to the east, and sure enough, lightning was blinking there. "It's coming, sure enough; jist hang out and r keep cool for another hour, and you'll feel the difference." He sat down again on the three-legged stool, folded his arms, with his elbows on his knees' drew a long breath, and blinked at the clay floor for awhile; then he twisted the »tool round on one leg, until he faced the old-fashioned spired -wooden clock (the brass disk of the pendulum moving ghost-like through a scarred and scratched; marine scene (Margate in England) on the glass that .covered the lower half) .that-stood alone on the ? slab shelf over the-fireplace. The hands indicated half-past 2, and Johnny, who had studied that clock and could ."hilt the - time nigh enough by it," after knitting his brows and blinking at the dial for a full minute by'its own band, decided "tha't^it. must be getting on toward 9 o'clock." It must, have - been the heat. Johnnyv-stood upi raking his hair, turned to.the door and .back again,' and then, after an impatient gesture, took-.up'his fiddle and raised it to his shoulder. Then- the ?. queer ithing happened. He- said afterwards, under ? conditions ' 'favorable to .such sentimental confl- v ? dence, that a .cold hand seemed, to take hold-of 'the .bow, through his, and-anyway,' before' he knew whait he was about he had played-the first bars of "When First I Met Sweet Peggy," a tune hè'had played often, twenty years before,. in his courting . days,-and-had never happened, to play since. He sawed Ott rigM through (the cold hand left after the flrsrt; bar or two), standing up; then still.stood with fiddle and bow trembling in his hands, with the queer feeling ©till on him, and a rush of old - thoughts going through his. head, all of which he set down afterwards to the effects of the heat. He put the fiddle away hastily/ damning the bridge of it at the same time in loud but hurried atones, ^ with* the-idea of covering any eccentricity which the wife might have noticed in his actions. . "Must 'a' got a .touch o'» sun," he muttered to himself. He sat down,-fumbled with knife, pipe," and tobac- co,-and pr esenitfly-stole a furtive glance 'over his shoulder at ..his wife. . . . . . . : The washed-out .little woman was still sewing, but stitching blindly, for great (tears were rolling down her worn cheeks. Johnny, white-faced on account of . the heat, stood close behind her, one hand on her shoulder, and the other clenched on the itahle-but the clen- ched hand shook as badly as the loose one. "Good God! What ls the matter, Mary. You're sick! (They had had little or no experience of illness.) Tell me. Mary-come now! Has the boys been up to anything?" .."No, Johnny; it's not 'that." "What is it then? . You're taken sick! What have you been doing with yourself? -It might be fever. Hold up a minute. You wait here quiet while I roost out the boys and send 'em for the doctor and someone--" "No! no! I'm not sick, John. ? It's only a turn. I'll be all right In a minute." He shifted his hand to her head, which she dropped suddenly, with a life-weary sigh, against his side. "Now then!" cried Jimmy, wildly; "don't you faint or go Into dlsterricks, Mary! . It'll upset the boys; think of the boys! It's only the heat you're only takln' queer." "It's not that; you ought to know me better than that. It was-I-Johnny, I was only thinking we've been married twenty years to-night-an it's New Year's Night!" - . "And I've never thov/ght of it!"' said Johnny (in the afterwards). "Shows*what a God-forgotten se- lection will make of a man. She'd thought of it all the time, and was waiting for it to strike me. ..Why! I'd. agreed, to go-and play at a darnse at Old Pipeclay School-house all night-that very night-and leave her at home because she hadn't asked to come; and it never struck me to ask her- at hom'e'by herself in that hole-for twenty-five bob. And I only stopped at home, because I'd . got the hump, and knew they'd want me bad at the school.'.' : v \ They sat close together on the long stool by the table, shy arid awkward-at first; and she clung to him at opening of thunder, and they started apart ' guiltily when the first great drops sounded like . footsteps on the gravel outside, just as they'd done ? one night-time- before-twenty years before. ,If it was dark before, it was black now. The edge of the -awful "storm-cloud rushed up and un^der the original darkness like, the best "drop" . black brushed over the cheap "lamp" variety, turning it grey by contrast. The deluge lasted ónly a quarter of an hour; but it cleared the night, and did its work. There' was hail before it, too : big. as'emu eggs, the boys said-that lay feet deep ' in the old diggers' holes on Pipeclay for days af- terwards-'-weeks some said. " - \\- The" two sweethearts pf twenty years ago and to ' ñightí-watched .the retreat of the storm, and, see- ing Mount' Buckaroo standing clear, they went to the back door, which opened opposite the end of the shed, and saw'to the east a glorious arch of steel- blue, starry sky.with the distant peaks show- ing clear and. blue away back under .the far-away stars in the depth of it. . 1 They lingered awhile-arms round each other's waists-before she called the boys, just as they had done this time of night twenty years ago, af- ter the boys' grandmother had called her. "Awlright, mother!".bawled back the boys, with unfilial independence of Australian youth. "We're awlright! We'll be in. directly! Wasn't it a pelterer, mother?" They went in and sat down ágáin. . The embar- rassment began to wear off; "We'll get out of this Mary," said Johnny. "I'll take-Mason's offer for the cattle and things, and take that job of Dawson's, boss or no boss" (Johnny's bad luck was due to"'his inability in the past to "get on" with any boss for any reasonable length of time)-"I can get the boys on, too. They're doing no good here, and growing up. It ain't ' doing justice to them; and, what's more, this life is killin' you, Mary. That settles it! I was blind. Let the jumpt-up selection go! It's making a wall-eyed bullock of me, Mary-a dry rotted rag of a wall-eyed bullock like Jimmy Now lett's old Strawberry. And you'll live in town like a lady." "Somebody kummlng'!" yelled the boys. There was a clatter of sliprails hurriedly thrown down, and clipped by horses* hoofs. "Insoide there! Is that you, Johnny?" "Yes!" ("I knew they'd come for you,"' said Johnny to Mrs. Mears.)' "You'll have to come, Johnny. There's no get out of lt. Here's Jim Mason with me, and we've got orders to stun you and pack you if you show fight. The blessed fiddler" from Mudgee didn't turn up. Dave Regan-burst his concer- tina,, and they're in a fix." "But I can't leave the missus." "That's all right. We've got the school missus's mare and side-saddle. She says you ought to be jolly "well ashamed of yourself, Johnny Mears, for not bringing your wife on New Year's Night. And so you ought!" Johnny did not look shame-faced, for reasons unknown to them. "The boys couldn't find the horses," put in Mrs. Mears. "Johnny was just going down the gully again." He gave her a grateful look, and felt a strange, new thrill of admiration for his wife. "And-there's a bottle of the best put by.for you, Johnny," added Pat M'Durmer, mistaking Johnny's silence; "and we'll call it thirty bob!" (Johnny's ideas were coming slowly again, after the recent rush.) "Or-two quid!-there you are!" . "I don't want' two quid, nor one either, for tak- ing my wife to a dance on New Year's Night!" said Johnny Mears. "Run and put on your best bib and tucker, Mary." And she hurried to dress as eager and excited, and smiling to herself as girlishly as she had done on such occasions on evenings before the bright New Year's Night twenty years ago. 