-Royiii Phantoms. > At the time of the tragic death of the Empress of Austria it was recalled that, at the beginning of this year, a sentry on guard in the Castle of Sci ( rbrunn saw the ghost of the "Wn.te Lady" Elowly walking in the room where he was. Ac cording to popular belief in Axistria, this appa rition is seen whenever any .calamity is about to fall on the members of the Imperial House of Austria.» In German legends, "White Ladies" have an im portant place. Of-old they inspired great terror, both in the people and the nobility. In medieval days there was hardly a great German family with out its "White Lady." Of course, the Royal Family of Hohenzollern has one of its . own. It is said that she "ap pears every time that death is about to strike one of the members of the family. The evening before the death of William I., and also the night before that of Frederick III., the father of the present Emperor, she was seen wandering about the rooms of the Royal Palace at Berlin. But the two "White Ladies," that of the house of Austria/and that of thé Royal Family of Prus sia, do not resemble one another. The first, the Austrian one, appears 1 as a pale young woman, marvellously beautiful, wftb. a long flowing white veil, whereas the second is of more terrible as pect. There is something more grotesque also in the German apparition, for she appears, it is said, with a broom in her hand¿ and ia popularly known as "The Sweeper." Nearly all the royal palaces of Europe haye their own familiar-ghost. Windsor Castle harbors a mysterious lady draped in black, who was seen for the first time two years ago under the follow ing circumstances: A young olucer on guard at the castle was reading one evening in thc library, when all at once-he saw-a woman in black, her head swathed in a black lace veil, passing before him, and gliding into a .neighboring room. ..The room into which she went has no exit now, "but had one three hundred years ago in the "spacious , days of great Elizabeth." The officer hastened after the vanishing lady, but in vain. She had disappeared. - '-' . A similar phantom haunts the palace of Hesse Darmstadt. From time Immemorial a . "White Lady" has taken up her abode there. Indeed, it was from the legend of this palace that Wagner borrowed the subject of "Lohengrin," just as Scribe borrowed from the "pages/* of Sir Walter Scott the subject, of his ,play, entitled "La Darxfe Blanchè." The: Tuileries also had their ghost. But it was neither a "White Lady" nor a "Black Lady." It was a "Red Man." Catherine de Medici, who was most superstitious, like most Italian women, ima gined that she saw at the Tuileries a "Red Man" who dogged her footsteps persistently. So she made haste to quit the palace, which had only just been built, for another dwelling, where the red spectre left her definitely in peace.-Exchange. 