[PUBLISIHED -DY SPECIAL ARRANGE MENT.I HIS ENEMY'S DAUGHTER, By ERNEST GLANVILLE, 'Author of "The Fossicker," "The Lover's Quest," "The Kloof Bride," "The Lost Heiress," "A Fair Colonist," etc., etc. CHAPTER XXI.-(Continued.) Marian at noon slipped out of ,the house and.went unobserved down to the Iirst field, where Pedro;':waiting be neath a palm, watched her coming with an insolent stare of open admira tion. "Your basket, senorita. It is too heavy for such a small hand." "Lead the way," she said, quietly. Pedro swaggered on, twirling his oiled moustaches, but he had drunk of the mate fired with spirit, and he felt in the humour to be bold. "Follow -me always, senorita, and your path will be strewn with flowers," he said, leering over his shoulder. "It amazes me when I see you that Senor Ferdinand has no eyes but for' that other." She inmade no answer, and her face expressed' neither fear nor anger. Pedro strutted on, then emboldened to further advances slackened his pace and stopped. "Go on," she said, quietly, suddenly levelling a small revolver. He laughed, iad "laughing, went on his way. "When you look like your father a wise man knows what to do," :he mumbled; "but in the end, oh, yes, in the end it is the mother's blood that comes into the lips." She shuddered a little at the coarse allusion, and her face was very white when she entered the lonely toldo. Pe dro opened the narrow door to let her in, and she gathered her skirts, so they should not brush him, with an air of loathing. "Outside!" she said, in a whisper; and the man lurched out, with an ugly scowl on his vicious face. She went softly to the rough couch, and looked at the gaunt face of the sick man, felt his brow with a cool hand, rearranged his pillow, and had given him a draught of quinine and was feed ing him with jelly before he realised that someone was in, the room different to those who had recently waited on him. I-He followed her graceful form with his hollow eyes, as she moved silently about the room, throwing out a bunch of flowers, which Pedro had placed in a vessel, probably as a com pliment to her, and next sprinkling the hard earth floor with water, before using a broom. She was dressed in soft black muslin spotted with red, with a black lace mantilla over her head, and her white arms and white face were almost ghost-like in contrast. If she felt any surprise that they should meet under such strange cir cumstances, or any more tender emo tion, she did not show It in her face, for she had the divine self-constraint of the nurse. He sighed and moved. She was at his side in a moment. "Who are you?" he whispered, look ing up at her with a pucker between his. eyes. "Why do you look so troubled? What message have you, that your face should be so white, and in.your eyes all the mystery and sor ron of the night?" I,; am your nurse," she said gently, "and you must be quiet." "Quiet! It is quietness that is kill ing me-the horrible silence of the forest and the mountains. Where is Tupac?" He raised himself on his el bow and looked long round the room with a fixed stare in his blue eyes. She pressed him back softly on his pillow with a firm hand, but her heart trembled at the name which seemed to link her with forgotten memories. "Where is Tupac?" he muttered again; "and the Colonel-Colonel Col ston? I saw his cruel face. Where is he? I say. I accuse him Defore God robber and assassin. But they must not meet, no, father and son enemies, horrible!" "You are using up your strength," she said firmly, "and you need it." "Need it, yes," he said, with a wild' look; "I must get strong to punish him. That is all I wish to live for." "And your brother?" she murmured, soothing him with her hand on his forehead, "you have not forgotten little Jack? Get strong for his sakle." "My little Jack!" he murmured, with a smile, and lay still, looking up at the ceiling, through which sifted a ray of sunshine. Under the gentle movement of her hand he sank into sleep, and when his breathing came regularly, she sank to the ground, with her hands in her lap, and a look of horror in her eyes. "'Father and son,' what did it mean? and Tupac-who was he?" Presently she rose, and seated her self where she could watch him, sitting with her chin in her hand, brooding over the dark shadows which were closing around her, but ready to min ister to the patient at the slightest movement. The door creaked, and Pedro's scowling face appeared. She put her finger to her lips to exact si lence, but he growled surlily that she had been long enough, and her absence would be noticed. She moved to the door and bade him return later witlf Mrs. Milcent. "Your father said no one was to know but you of this man's presence until he returned." "Do as I bid you!" she ordered, and he lurched away muttering. He went as far as the toldos, and there sat down in the shade with his back to the wall, and dropped off to sleep. There were very few in the valley who were not asleep at that hour, except perhaps two peolple. Mr. Milcerrt, who ap peared to be equally indifferent to either cold or heat, was still actively at work on the lofty summit of the py'ra mid, checking the shadow from the gnomon in its couse over the smooth sun-circle, and Marian sat and watched by the sick man's side. Miss Dunell, late in the afternoon, was swinging in a hammock, looking up at the distant peak of gleaming snow, which held out such a wonder ful but illusive promise of delicious cold. A striking picture she made, in a cloudy dress of white that overflowed the side of the hammock, one arm supporting her head, the other trailing d~owp, ind Mariyan, stepplng out on to the balcony, stood for some moments looking. "Miss Dunell." "Oh, is that you? How sombre you look, and tragic." She swung grace fully to a sitting position and balanced herself by grasping the ropes. "Do yo know, Miss Colston, that you seem to me to be somehow kin to the wild and savage beauty of this lonely place. "Am I to regard that as a compli ment?" "My dear child, don't, for heaven's sake. You positively make me shud der when you speak in that tone, as if you had neither youth nor hope, and life were one long note of despair Where have you been all the day?" "'Nursing." "Ah, I might have known that. You are exactly the girl I should expect to offer up your; life as a sacrifice for the crime of having been corn beautiful. Who is the fortunate patient?" "Mr. James Elmore. He is ill with fever, and I have been attending him all day." "Fever! I hope it is not catching." "There is no fear of infection," said Marian,-with a curl of her lip. "Are you quite sure? One cannot be too careful. And I am sure to catch anything that is running about. He has not been brought into the house, I presume?" "I. thought,"'said Marian, "that. you would like to nurse him." Miss Dunell fell back gracefully into the hammock. "I am curious to know why you should have thought that." "Mr. Elmore is an old friend of yours." "Really," she laughed, "if friendship made a claim upon one's services as a nurse, I should be compelled in self defence to have a very limited circle of acquaintances. I am surprised to know he is here, and very sorry to hear of his illness; but I would not dream of depriving you of the pleasure of nurs ing him. Now sit down and talk to me of those wonderful ruins." "I will send Mr. Ferdinand up," said Marian, bitterly; "he is perhaps a bet ter savage than I am." "Yes, do," said Miss Dunell, sweetly, "if you are sure you can spare him." 