A SEA SKETCH. THE SAILOR'S GHOST. [By IShellbaok.] .. ? : leaned over the bows of the fleet-footed oa watching the movements of the nimble ^Sening porpoises as they played in acrobatic g bos round her sharp wedge-shaped bows, ^ i vouriu0' to make a calculation of the speed e£erl by° these glittering erratic creatures if raced away from us with such apparent My calculations were disturbed by a voice Tmy elboW' ' etching the PorPoise8- eh ?' I turned and looked at the. questioner. He an old man, weather-beaten .and grizzled, 5 a wild profusion of hair projecting, Kan X fashion, from underneath a Butler cap. -i You don't mind me coining here to have a Ttnke alongside you, do you? I'm off those WnominK swell coves in that smoking room ; they're too high, toned, and put on too many frills for my fancy,' he said as he hauled out an abbreviated nose- warmer and proceeded to lieht up- 'I'm a saloon, passenger, hut. some how I'm not in my element among that crowd, « 1 1 dodged up foi'ard here out of the way. You don't mind me coming, do you ? Have a fill ?' AdcI he proffered a stick of lucky hit tobacco; To please the grizzled one, I took a pipeful, I aS our friendship cemented under the influence °* smoke, he became communicative, '-To I'm not used to saloons and flash tucker'; I'd tooncr be in the foc'sle, what I've been used to, though I've been gum digging for years now.' 'You've made a pile at it, I suppose, and now you're having a trip round the world.' 'A pile at gum digging '—here the old man eYed me sarcastically — ' no piles to be made at that game, I can tell you ; no, I- struck the first horse in Tattersall's, so I'm going to have a cruise around the old country, and have a look at some of the diggings I used to frequent, when I was a sailor. I want to see as much as I can before I coil my ropes up ; Pelltw-street aiul Tigex Bay, Ihe Mahogany Bar and- ? ' 'The Salvation Army has got the Mahogany Bar now,' I remarked. 'The Salvation Aimy's got it, have they? Well, well, who'd have believed that. When I was there last, Sal Johnson was more thought of than Balvation.' About half a mile ahead a full rigged ship, with the wind abeam, and everything set, was crossing our bows. The sight woke up my com panion's memories, and he exclaimed, ' That's what I like to see ; you don't get your eyes on many sights like that nowadays, since steamers got all the lage. Doesn't she look well ?' Truly she looked a noble sight ; every inch of canvas, from the triangular peak of her flying jib to the heights of her lofty royals, stood out motionless and white as the carven busts of a statuetque goddess, while the limpid waters opened out to the cleave or! her clipper bows, to close again behind her in a long white line of 1'oam-flecked wave. ''^Yes,' I remarked, 'ships are changing, and sailors are becoming different to what they were at one time. Since the advent of Trade Unionism, they are becoming to recognise their responsibilities; getting better educated ; don't believe in ghosts ; and lots of other rubbish they at one time pinned their faith to.' The ancient mariner surveyed me pityingly— 1 had touched one of his weak spots. ' Don't believe iu ghosts, eh ! Don't you believe in ghosts ?' ' Not now ; I used to when I was young and knew no better.' ' Well, I believe in them ; why I lived with a uliost for seven weeks in a trip across the Western Ocean. I'll tell you how it happened. 1 was ashore in Marseilles forty-five years ago —it doesn't matter why I came to be ashore there- when a Yankee ship came there cotton loaded from New Orleans, -with a darkey crew. Every darkey scooted like a streak of lightning as soon as the anchor was down ; she had a ghost aboard, and he had scared the souls out of all bands on the passage across. Being cotton loaded, she had two or three hundred tons ot stone ballast, arid this was left in her when she coriimence'd to load up again for Boston, oho was nearly loaded, and the news of the ghost getting round among the sailors ashore, no one would ship in' her. My mate and I met _the Yankee skipper one day on the quay, and he asked us if we wanted a ship ; but wo hung back, although we were d ? d hard up at the time. 'Will you come and work aboard until we're ready to sail ? You can go ashore every night, and then the ghost won't trouble you. We went and worked for a week, going ashore every night, and off again in the morning ; but one night it rained so hard the mate asked us to sleep aboard; The foc'sle was a house on deck with the door looking aft. and sometimes in. the Middle of the night I woke up and looked out. The rain had knocked off, and the moon was shining. I could see the other ships anchored near us quite plain, when all of a sudden a fellow comeB walking along the deck trom round the port side of the cabin. He walked past me, and away for'rard, and thinking it Was some cove come to sneak the running gear, 1 wn in and woke my mate up, and we walked quietly for'rard, one on each side; buttne bloke had disappeared. W e looked everywhere -under the bowsprit, over the bows, up the fore rigging— but he was gone, so we went and turned in again. In the morning 1 told tne mate, and he asked what sort of a looking chap he was. 1 described his rig— a long hat, a white shirt, with ..an open- necked red shirt, on top, and long boots. This was a style of dress flash Yankee sailors had -about that time, ghat's the ghost,' the mate said ; 'he never inter feres with anyone ; its only having him mooching wound that scares people' Oh, well, n ne won't touch anybody, we'll ship with you, And some of, the other hard-ups ashore, seeing m going, shipped too, until she had all the hands she wanted. We got away, and had passed Gibraltar before the ghost came on. fleck, but after that we were never rid of him for a single night ; he stuck to us like a poor rela tion. When you'd go to the wheel, there he would be at the lee side, and there he'd stop ; so at last two men always went, and that used to keep him away. If you went up to reef a topsail, or furl a to' gallantsail, there he was, sitting astride the yard arm ; and if you went to pull on a brace or a halliard, there he would be, doing his bit with the rest of us. Some times we'd heave belaying pins at him, but they'd go right through him without even put ting a crease in his white Ehirt. He saved my life one night; it was blowing hard, and we were all on the foc'sle head hauling the jib down. , The lee jibtocin guy had slipped off the whisker bcom, and tho mate says to me, 1 Bill, reach out arid put that guy in its place,' when who should I see sitting on the end of the wbit-ker but the ghost. I knew that was a sign for me not to go out, so I made an excuse to fall over the fore tack, and Antonie, an Italian, went to do the job. The ship gave a tremendous roll and a plunge at the same time, arid Antonie was swept away, and we never saw him again. If I hsd gone to do the job, I would have been among the missing friends in place of the Dagc, so I always had a kindly feeling to the tall-hatted spirit after that. But he used to give the skipper beans, did that ghost. When I've been at the wheel I've seen him rush up the companion with his hair on end, and a face whiter than the ghost's shirt, and he'd stop ou deck all night before he'd go below again. ' At last we reached Boston, and when all hands weie paid off, the skipper went home for a fort night (he lived' in New Orleans), and left; the mate in charge. I stopped by the ship, along with the mate. A few weeks after the capt'n left he wrote to the mate, and told him he wasn't coming back again, and where the red shirted man came from. He said, ♦ When we were taking in ballast, I was sitting looking down the fore hatch, when a fellow came and asked if I wanted any men, and as he was drunk and wouldn't go away, I gave him a push, and he fell down the hold and broke his neck. It was in the dinner hour, no one was about, so I went ' below and buried him under the stone ballast, and the cotton waR stowed on the top^,., Whsa^tbe last of the cargo's out, break 'up.the baTtefp.jwij.tbe starboard side, and you'il h'nd^im:.^-^&|^£t«^te and I dug up the stones, and sure efroijgftjVhere he was— hat, boots, shirty A?Atlj ereryt^aW complete — as the skipper had- low #j@Qanjd^ifer dark we hauled him'6s de.ck and quietl^^dfb^ped' him overboard witiK.a few.;r-e4viM*&£^Ctt'- ballast inside his red shirt, aTn4L.no CHF ©alrj&iew; anything ahout it. ifes ; I belieV'eriTT*^nosts and spirits all ripht, and you would too if one had saved your life.' For reply, I invited him down to the bar where the spirits dwell, and a little brown spirit, in the shape of a glass of rum, slid down his wrinkled neck in a twinkling. I went to see him off in the Ormuz, and as the big steamer swung away from Circular Quay en route for England, the last glimpse I had of old liill, the romancing guru digger, he was waving his Butler cap on the fore deck. 'Do not cheat yourself into thinking that all the finery you can wear is so much put into the ' hungry mouths of those beneath you. It is not so ; it is what you yourselves, whether you will Or no, must some time instinctively feel it to be — it is what those who stand shivering' in the streets, forming1 a line to watch you as you step out of your carriages, know it to be ; those tine dresses do not mean that so much has been put into their mouths, but that so much has been taken out of their mouths. The real politico-economical signification of every one of those beautiful toilets is just this— that you have had a certain number of people put for a certain number of days wholly under your authority by the sternest o£ slave-masters — hunger and cold; and you have said to them, 'I will feed you, indeed, and clothe you, and give you fuel for so iiiany days ; but during those days you shall work for me only ; your little brothers need clothes, but you shall make none for them ; your sick friend needs clothe?, but you shall make none for her ; you yourself will soon need another and a warmer dress, but you shall make none for yourself. 'You shall make nothing but lace and roses for me ; for this fortnight to come you shall woik at the patterns and petals, and then I will crush and consume them away in an hour.' . . . As long as there are cold and nakedness in the land around you, so long- there can be no question at all but that splendour of dress is a crime. In due time, when we have nothing- better to set people to work at, it may be right to let them make lace and cut jewels ; but as long as there are any who have no blankets for their beds and no rags for their bodies, so long it is blanket-making and tailoring- we must set people to work at — not lace.:}— Buskin. : / * . . ? * * ? ? . The best state of human nature is that in which, while no one is poor, no one desires to be richer, nor has any reason to fear being thrust back by the efforts of others to push themselves forward. — John Stuart Mill. 