THE TKOCADEHO FIRE. People passing along Hindley Street on Saturday would scarcely have noticed that a fire had occurred at the old Cyclorama. The dome and the front portion of the building are pertectly intact, although slightly dis coloured with smoke, but on visiting the narrow cemented passage leading to the auditorium a sorry spectacle meets the eye. The lofty glass,roof is cracked and broken all over, and visitors to the place on Satur day were warned by the fireman in charge not to stand directly under it, as glass frequently fell to the floor. It is easy to see that the fire must have started in the stage area to the left of the entrance. This has been completely destroyed, together with a piano. The elevated platform in the centre is firm, but is considerably charred, while the surrounding electric light wires are twisted and the lamps smashed. The other stage was not touched by the flames, but the hangings and appointments have suf fered, from heat and water, while a Piano has . been ruined by the soaking it received. In several places the floor is burnt through, and is warped all over. The foliage plants and ferns which were dotted around the auditorium have been scorched beyond life, while about the only thing undamaged in the bar is the horseshoe hung over the shelves for 'good luck.' Bottles of aerated water stand undisturbed, but all are without heads The most serious damage is the destruction of the picture ofthe Battle of Waterloo. .Not a vestige 0f the canvas remains except a small area near the entrance. The explan- atory plates being of tin escaped and one reads:- Prussians advancing from tbe woods of Paris. Papelotte in flames in the distance.' One looks into the distance and a brick wall meets the eye. The flames of Papelptte have consumed the whole scene! Nothing has survived better than the old cannon and their carriages which were ptaced with so much effect in the foreground of the stirring picture. Between 200 and 300 chairs were either burnt or damaged by water and heat. Not only has Waterloo been destroyed, but the picture of the Crimea has also suffered. This was spread out to the public some time ago, but was taken down and rolled up at the extreme' mdof the auditorium. An examination on Saturday showed that it had been partially burnt and greatly soiled generally. None of the offices opening on to the passage was burnt. The greatest sufferer no doubt has been the Commercial Bank, which owns the building and the pictures. The insurances on the building amount to £2000 a xxxxx which the South British Office holds, and though the walls are as sound as on the day they were put up, the roof and woodwork gene rally will need replacing. The picture of Waterloo was valued at £16,000, but as a realizable asset perhaps it was not worth anything like that amount. It was insured only to the extent of £500, and the picture of the Crimea was covered for oniy £300. The contents belonged to the Trocadero Syndicate, who have held a lease of the budding from the Commercial Bank since December. The manager of the Syndicate, Mr A.W Dench estimates their loss at £480 over and above the insurance, which amounts to £250 in the Sun Office. None are entitled to more sympathy than the members of the Variety Company who for the past fourteen weeks have been ap- pearing under engagement to the Trocadero Syndicate. Mr. Jake Friedman, their manager, told a reporter of 'The Register' on Saturday that they had fared very badly. He has lost his wardrobe, private papers, music, and, in fact, everything he has collected in his profession during the past twenty, years-between £100 and £200 worth in all. The only thing he re tains is his xxx Mr. Friedman was to have had a benefit on March 24, prior to sailing for South Africa and London. Onlv last week he purchased £30 worth of property to take away with him, and he says that, he. had one of the finest collec tion of wigs in the profession. Mr. Fried man, who is staying at the Coffee Palace, next door but one to the Trocadero, was awakened at 3 o'clock on Saturday morn ing by a cry of fire. He remarked-'My wife and myself watched the fire from the balcony of our room. I only said 'good-bye to the props.' If I could only have saved my wigs I would have been satisfied. I could do nothing. All tbe people in the Coffee Palace were at their windows and flitted about the house like ghosts in all manners of dress.' Mrs. Friedman lost her wardrobe, and another heavy sufferer was Mr. Tudor, Mr. Friedman's partner on the stage; the fire destroyed his wardrobe, and manuscripts valued in all at £130. Miss Ada Royelle suffered to the extent of £15. The members ot the Variety Company took their ill-luck in a philosophical man ner. Mr. Dench attended at the office on Saturday morning, and paid them their salaries— the Trocadero Syndicate has done good business lately. The povcrly- pointers set to work to rehearse an entertainment for the evening, and applied to the City Coroner for permission to use the Troca dero premises. The following notice was posted on the iron gates opening on to Hindley street:— 'Eight or nine able bodied men wanted inside. Must be used to climbing.' It was intended to turn hoses on to the roof and break away the glass which threatened to fall to the floor. Then the premises could be occupied with safety. The remaining stage was ready for use, and Messrs. L. Barker & Co., of Leigh street, were prepared to instal the electric light afresh by tbe evening. But word came that the Coroner would not allow the building to be touched, as he intended to hold an enquiry on the fire. Judging by the large crowd of people who sought ad mission to the place during the day there would have been a bumper bouse, and the entertainment and surroundings would have been novel. There would have been something more than a burnt cork artist to remind the audience of the fire fiend. Mr. Dench tried to obtain the use of the Central Hall for Saturday night, but it was engaged for that evening. The management announce in our amuse ment columns to-day that, despite the heavy losses sustained by them and some of the performers through the late fire, the doors of the Trocadero will reopen to-night, when an attractive programme is to be pre sented. An inquest will be held at the Victoria Hotel, Hindley-street, at half-past 10 this morning. The origin of tbe fire is unknown. The only illuminant in use in the building was the electric light. Mr. Friedman was the last member of the company to leave tne premises. He took his departure at half-past 10, and everything was apparently safe then. The caretaker, Mr. H. Hugen tobler, slept in tbc building as usual, and he can throw no light on the matter. 