parsAbptitPeople ?nv the Orlcnt-liiiop Ormuz, which left i.» gyflnoy last Wednesday, aovoral Sydney Indent' bet out for BnBlnnd, chlellly lor ?JJ? nuriioso of witnessing Iho Australian Sovxn matches. They Include Mr. Joe nivlii (tho. old Intercolonial cricketer) an.l M, Ion illy, Mr. Frank Downes (who played fr Now South* Wales In the' SO's against PVficIioiI and Victoria.), Mr. F. C. llo-i S, of the 'Bwnlnit News,' Mr. J. Smart. . woil-knovvn rowing anil cilcket on liuslast. ana Mr. H. JJarnard, «. partner of vr Davis in liuilnciu. A ^ery largo croud cl peoplo gave tho great liner .1 hearty fentl-ort. J ? jnhanii Strauss, according to most Toceiii Jinrts from Vienna, In confined to his be-l ?Vv a sevcie attack of bronchitis. licit ? Strauss, after vitnecbliiR tho Hist produc tion of GoldmaiU's now opera, 'Die Krlcgs rt .Leone,' at tho Imperial Opera House, ;' jui-ed -with a, sudden atack of ague, ,iid on holnp conveyed homo was found to Jprlso suffering fjom bronchltlB. Tho doc tors' arc said to describe his condition as scrlmis. ? George naildson, tho -ncll-hnovrn Derby ,hlro crlikctoi. dlud nt his residence, Tip on, near. Dudley, on February 8. He was recently wired with an acute attack of in ?finMHia. and pneumonia sotting In ho sui : cumbed at the ape of M years. - Davidson nlayeil for his county against tho last five instralla'n Elevens, his host effort with tho bit being l-0 agiUnst tho ISM- team. ' Al though unsm-ce-jaful with tho ball' in tho other matt lies, ho captured. live wickets Tor ii runs against the team of 1800. A cablegram from London -received last week says— 'Mr. A. L. Balrd, of Sydney, las submitted to tho Treasury nuthorltlea and tho National Telephouo Company the Invention known as Hamett's telephone raster.' I Darnell's Patent Telephone Me ter is beins floated by a Sydnoy syndicate, Mr. Dalrd bolus the I,ondon repioscntdtivc Air Balrd ako ieprciienls the Australian Inventions' Syndicato and tho N.S.W. A. A. A., and H a busy man in London at tho present time] ' While-Ill Amciica, Mr. TV. S. Ollbort was oiio ovening at a fashionable-function given w « Into of tho 'now rich' order, wh.i rosed 'as a'pation oC miifcic, but who had not had llmo to educate herself. She .was foolish enough to attempt to 'show, off' before tho Knglish celdbrlry. 'And wh.it is Bach ('Batch' she called it) ,dolng now?' sho said; 'Is he compaMnG any t thins '' 'Xo- madamo,' immediately re plied Mr. Gilboit, without the ghost of a ! smllo. 'No, madanie. Batch Is just now '. JctomposiiiB !' The lato Mr. John Georgo Holmes, who : died last, week In his thiity-flist jenr, after a vfry long and pair-fill nines.';,'' was ono of thsbest known and most buccaacful of Port Jackson's open noat sailing men. lndce-1, 'CuKby' Ilolrajsp, as ho was known among sailing men, ?was a. celebrity as an open boat skipper. Few men have. put up a record coruparablo with his. lie was equally &i.; home in an S-foot dingy, and a ^fooler racing machine, and In I1I3 time, In all, ho won something HKo 100 sailing mccs Ho '? wcii with 8-footors, 10-footers,.'l'!-footpr3, i ]6-footers. 18ft boats, 20ft boats, 22ft boats, \- and 24ft boats. In Iho poimlai 'art bo.ic i class, but of some 07 blnrts, he obtained uo : IMS than 2i wins, and walked into i-ccoml place 17 times. Among, tho .many boats, i successfully nailed 'by this Napoleon of tha ! tiller v.-ero the 21ft bo its Volunteer, Maii ! turn, and Enterpiiae; tho 23ft noats Portl.i, Violet. Secret, Lady Loch, JSaiiiernldn.' and ! theJanfous Irox; the 20tt boats Cynthia and ! Victor; tho ISft boats Ethel and Kuby; the : 16-footers Oiu- Boys and Helena; tho 1J ! [notcrs Buttercup, Thomas' Punch, and Vtung Walter; the lOrfooters Tarn' o' Shan ? ter, Marcello, nnil Ilaceland; and the 8 1 footers Fldo and Vlto. And tho rudder will ': never again respond to the skilful bidding f of 'Clrt-b}''_UolmesI great.boatman, and all ; tram! good fellov. Tho pity o' it ! 'Some artists may sing whether they bo '. hoarse or not,' bald Sims Reeves lecently ; to a London Interviewer, 'but depend upon ; It, It does them no good, .arid,' nothing strain's the voice mote. Yes, I have given : up.raoro' than anyone in what you may call i my extreme fastidiousness, or artistic con ceit.' Tho interviowor hsKcd him how he Inow. he could not slng;r ' 'Ah ! that, is very simple,' he answered. 'You Bet :i roppory feollng, a tlcltllng, a dryness. of tho throat, an Irritation of the mucous meni : brano; The saliva refuses to How propel ly, the vocal chordb lose their beautiful coat ing. ':You can imagine a plceo of highly ; polished eloel; tho most minute speck of dusti'iho least bieath of air auects It. It : is so with tho throat of a tenor. Whv, if yourbend down for any time, tha mcro con traction' of the -muoclos products, a feellns of husklncso.' Mrs. Patrick CamplboU ,wn3 a long time licforo sho could mnko up hor mind w tempt fortuno in tho piovlnolal tour; she ias been so accustomed to get- her. line Ealary of £100 a week without any trouble or anxiety 'that sho felt somowhat filg'hl oncd at Iho prospect, of all tho business worries1 of the manageress. But, when onco sho made up Tier mind to-gq on hoi tour, (says London 'MA.P.'), nothing could 'change her purpose. And yet tho lemptatloin wero gloat. They airo pie parlng a bis production o£- 'The1 Mus keteers' in No\v York, and - In ' particular ihey wero anxious to got, Mrs. 'P.-it' for tlio part of Mll.uli. They began with an niter of £100 a-weuk; vh'on this wa's'scoru fully: 'refused, they asked Mr3. 'Pat' to namo Tier own terms. She, with «i view rather 'to putting, tho ivholo business off than with tho idea that the proposal would bo accepted, named .K2U0 u v,eok. The £200 & wook was offered immediately, by cablo, but Mra. 'Pat' refused. -'Whenshe Eoea to America— as she will' ono 'day— It will bo for something mbro sdrlous jthuu a eingie i-art in a single, piece. George Giu'cn is onco more, the Idol of tha lour ahiongst the -rrlckoting (oik ot Adi Jr.Wo. Thero is a firm belief In the City of Churches that hlo exclusion from tho Aus tralian Eleven in solely due le personal fooling, and for this the crowd targctted two- at tho selectors, H. Triiniblo and J. Ibrllng, during tho. match at; tin- Oval. Ono account, after referring to Darling's^rocen ticn, says: — 'With the advent pt Trumblo tlie crowd gave veut to their fadings;1.-'' They ho6ted him' from the tlmo he loft the, stand,, Inn he took up his position at the wickets undisturbed. The moment Eady delivered a loll thero camo a. terrible yell, suincient to uimcrre any baUUia'n, and with the second iffillthe crlcsSvoro ronowed.wlth iricredaud vlpdr. As Kady ran up 'to the creaab a. third tlmo the orowd ' hootod-. and ' yellod, Init the Tasmanian had tho laugh on then, ior hd refused JCo'bcnv] until' the unseemly Jioiso quietened down.'1 -Goorgn Giftou1. la 40 years of age, and has been thb jdol'of tho Adelaide crowd for^ oloso upon -twenty years. _ . ? A good all-round flsbcrman Is Mr. R. E. Eastway, of this city. Ho Is a popular vice-president of the '-A.P.AV, and is always ready to help tho beginner to learn sonic thing about fishing In the many grounds near Sydney. He has one sport only, and that Is fishing, and Is a jolly- good boat companion— never shirking his. hhaio ol tho work, and always good-humorod. It,' Is not 16ng slnco he took to tho lino hand-linen 'or black-breaming, ' and In 'order to get posted in all details he went out with a numhor ot recognised champions, .when 'he soon found hu could hold Ills own with thorn.1; The 'Referee's' best wishes aro cordially extended to good-humored Dick. 