Woman's World. An obliging mail went to a leading draper's to execute a commission for his wife. Not knowing at which department to obtain the desired article, he appealed to the shop walker. "Step this way," said that personage, proceeding him up the shop. "I couldn't, though I would !" replied the customer as he strode in a stately measure, exact imitation of the man showing the way, to the amusement of tittering assistants who had heard the reply. * * * A young lady travelling on the box seat chatted with the driver and evidently made an impression. When she quitted the coach at her destination the portmanteau containing ball finery was forgotten, and carried on, and there was no way of getting it back till next day, unless the driver should think to bring it that night as he came to the charity ball. He did bring it, driving a buggy; but before handing it over he made a stipulation that the owner of it would promise to open the ball with him. And she did. * * * A Victorian town was en fete for several days. Races, balls and cycling parties were the order of day and night. The principal hotels were packed with visitors, among them being numerous fair ones bent on enjoying themselves, and they made the corridors ring with laughter. One night in particular, coming back to their hotel about 11 p.m., they amused themselves with comic opera kicking, taking aim at the hanging lamp. Their efforts caused curtains and pole and plaster to come down with a run. Then there was a general scuttling away to respective rooms. Next morning there was a settling up for damage done. * * * Why do women so often put off things—especially getting their new clothes-—to the last moment. A man will have his Cup suit or " bottle-tail' in readiness some time before the race meeting or his wedding day. Not so with most women. How often does a special messenger arrive breathless, with a gown, a pair of shoes, or a bonnet ten minutes before—sometimes ten minutes after—a start should he made, while all interested are worked up to a pitch of anxiety for fear the expected garment will not arrive in time. The story is old, but forever new. The order for the wedding dress had been put off long enough to enable someone to blunder. The latest available steamer started without the finery ; there was not another due for a week ; too late for the wedding. The fashionable dressmaker was beside herself, while the disappointed bride over the water—not wearing the swell travelling gown or toque she had pictured herself to look so sweet in —was " so unlike herself" in other respects as she drove away that the " first cloud" was only averted by the tact and great forbearance of the bridegroom. * * * I heard a fair to middling ghost story the other day. A lady, in the, Shires, had been out hunting, and coming home very tired and cold, lay down on the hearthrug in front of the dining- room fire, and fell asleep. Presently she woke, and in the flickering light saw what what looked like two white pouter pigeons chasing each other noiselessly round the table. She determined when they came near enough to seize them. At last her chance arrived, and she found she had grabbed the calves of the footman, busily engaged in laying the table. He had been moving as noiselessly as possible in order not to wake his mistress, A lady, writing from London to an Australian friend, says Colour in dress is decidedly "Empire," and the newest tints, used in the gauzy fabrics beloved of the Empress Josephine, are hydrangea-blue and chartreuse-green ; the latter is beautiful. I have just seen a long-trained dinner gown of this new shade in the richest silk, embroidered in silver. The Ascot dresses are mostly blue aud coral or lobster pink ; the hats are very pretty, mostly of fine Tuscan straw; lined with black and tilted picturesquely on side by black ostrich feathers, it has a large rosette of pink and white silk on the crown, and strings (what a revival !) to tie or be knotted at the back. 