LOYE CANNOT DIE I A COMPLETE NOVEL1. By FLORENCE M. C. BROOM. CHAPTER I. Two young men wove sitting on the verandah of a Lowestoft boarding-house, It was an. intensely hot clay ia Julyj 'tho1 -sea was unvufHedj tho sky an in tenao velvety Wuo. Little boata were lazily drifting to and fro j feu* out a groat voss-h outward bound lay at rest. The beach was .deserted, save- by the ohildrwa and their nurses, while only a few follca were brave enough to pronie nudo either esplanade or pier under such u yorohing sun. tfp to the verandah the sea breeze came in little puffs, which served only *o intensify tho heat when they had : passed, ? it is too hot oven for smoking, one man said languidly. 'If our new quar ters aro hotter than this, we shall be de serving the profoundest pity;' His companion miido no reply, His dark brows wore knitted in tv frown; hia oyes, intensely blue, hnd an anxious, harassed expression, and the handEome, moody face had a look upon it which was akin to shame*, 'Four years out of a fellow's life doesn't eoemaverybig slice,' resumed the first speaker, 'but what a heap of things can bo crowded into them — tragedy, come dy, broadest farce, life and death I I wonder shall we find all our ohuins and friends alive, unaltered, when we re turn? It seems too muoh either to ask or expect.' 'It ia too much, yet I am glad to be going; it is tho best way out of my difficulties.' ? 'Difficulties, Rivel?' questioned the other. 'A chap with your income should not' know the word.' 'Oh, there are othor than money diffi culties, Ramsay j and it was partly to make a clean breast of my folly, partly to ask your advice, that I prevailed on you to come down to-day. You know my uncle's wishes with regard to Mary Blake and myself; he would like me to wake her my wifo boforo wo sail for India,' Captain Dnllas Ramsay averted his face as he said : 'And of course you will agree to do so?' 'I can't. Look here, Ramsay; give me your oath as a soldier and a man that you'll keep what I am about to confess a profound secret from all,' 'Firo ahead; I am as silent as the grave.' 'Well, I am not £oing to marry my imeles's ward; first, 'because I wouldn't if I could ; secondly, because I couldn't if I would. I am married already I' ?_ 'What?' cried Ramsay, springing up in astonishment. 'You married? Are you jesting? Am I mad, or are you, Ambrose Rivol ?' 'It's a sober fact; it happened six months ago, and I am both ashamed and sick of my folly now ; though I must in justice to my wifo say it is not her fault,' 'Married? Great Scott! I oan't rea lise it; and what do you suppose Lord Littleport will say when he knows?' 'He must not know, and after all, Dallas, I've done you a good turn. You don't suppose I am blind to your feel ings with regard to Mary ; I am bavin' you a free field there.' ° 'What is the use of that when tho lady shows mo no favor?' Ramsay ask ed gloomily, 'But where is your wife ?' 'In this very house— or, rather, she 'will bo presently. I have sent hor to St. Olave's, where she has friends, that you and I might havo an opportunity for a quiot chat. Ramsay, I want your help ; 'Philippa doesn't so much as sus pect the truth ; but I am deadly tired already of tho fetters I myself forged six months ago.' 'Is sho such an impossible' sort of wo man r 'No, poor girl, but our marriage was the outcome of a mad infatuation whioh I might have known could never last. A man ia a fool to marry out of his own rank.' 'But having done so, the only thing loft for him is to make the best of a bad matter,' said Dallas Ramsay drily 'I'm sorry for you, old ohap ; indeed I am, for I can imagine just tho sort of girl you'vo married, pretty with a doll like prottiness, shallow, frivolous, but half-educated ? ?' k 'You're out of it there. Philippa will ?be a great beauty some day. She is fernve beyond her years, which number ?only seventeen and a half, poor child, ?and both by instinot and education she Es a lady.' I 'Then I can't see what cause you have Bo fear Littleport's wrath, and if the P«dy is all that you declare, it spoaks ill Kor your oonstnncy that you have so Imiekly wearied of her.' ^V ihoro was a momentary lull in the ^conversation, but strains of musio came ?towards them from tho pier, so that ^neither men heard the opening of the ?floor behind them, and tho girl who ^Brosscd tho room so quickly -moved so ?loiselesfily that thoy had no-hinfc of her ^Bpproach. ?L Sho was of micTdlo height, with a. face Milco a delicate flower. The trip to and ?rom St. Olave's had lent a delicate pink Hto the otherwise colorless cheeks. She K™' exceedingly pretty even now; when ?no vaa more matured her beauty would bo of a rare and wonderful type. The forehead was broad and low, with delicately arched black brows. Black lashea shaded eyes of bo dark a grey that they appeared violet in certain lights. The upper lip was short, tho lower just sufficiently pouting for perfect beauty. But perhaps tho thing which first at tracted attention was the mass of waving red-gold hair which seemed almost too heavy a burden for the littlo proud head to carry. She had reached the open window be fore sho was aware of a second presence on the verandah: then she suddenly halted, scroencd by tho heavy lace cur tains, because sho remembered Ambrose Rivol did not like her to meet his Mends. 'Well,' said Rameay suddenly, 'now the thing ia done, thero i& no good cry ing over spilt milk. Why don't you throw yourself on Littloport'a mercy?' ? 'Why don't I put my head in a lion's mouth ; ' I might as well. Look here, Ramsay, I oan't and won't have the old man learn the truth so that he can put my cousin in my placa. I've been brought uj- as the heir, and don't intend yield ing my prospects or position tamely 'But Mrs. Rivol may insist on being introduced to hor now rolations.' 'Philippa hasn't tho ghost of an idea that I am anything move than a poor captain, and I don't intend to un deoeive her until I come into my own.' 'But ohe must discover the truth out in India if not here, and some oflioious friend will certainly write Littleport that 'you have a lady with you who is accepted by tho regiment as your wife.' ' 'That thought has decided me not to take Philippa out. I am ashamed of my&olf;— sorry for her, poor littlo girl ; but I mean as far as I can to make amonds to her. I shall send hor back to her mother ? ' 'Is there a mothor?' Riyel nodded. White and rigid the girl-wife stood with her hands clenched by her sides, and all the gladness gone from her young face. 'I shall give my bankers instructions to pay over one-half of my allowance to her quarterly. Of course from time to time I shall correspond with hor ; that is my duty. Sho will be content to await my return.' . 'Your retrun— yes; but what U to follow that? You can't absolutely ignore her or successfully hide her for ever.' 'Perhaps, but boforo I come back, doubtless she will be as weary of me as I have grown of her, and bo glad to make tho separation final, especially as sho will not know what her real title and ostates may some, day bo.' 'It is hard on her. I cannot help feeling she ia being badly treated ; and, Ambrose, old boy, I hoped better things of you.' Captain Rivel winced. t 'I fool I am a brute, and I don't know in whioh atage I hate- myself most brute or fool; I've been both. Tho poor little soul will fret over our part ing ; and I shall spoak lying words of comfort, whilst I despise my own hy pocrisy. I wish we had never met.' . Slowly the listener lifted her nrms high above her head, her face twitched with inexpressible horror, with agony too great to allow tho relief of words or tears. Then as slowly her hands foil, and still she utood as some beautiful statue listening to that boloved voice speaking hor cruel doom, telling of tho rising and waning of a passion which le called lovo, and in her heart she was amenting: 'Why should such things be?' , to After all, Ramsay, Philippa won't be alono; hor mother worships her. She is the widow of a photographer and artist, who has loft her a comfortable ittle income; and with tho addition of : hihppa'a allowance they can live like ladies. We met just eight months ago, and I believed that I had found my fate. I have lived to learn my mistake. If I could bo freo again ? ' A terrible smile parted the pallid lips of Philippa Rivel. 'Free!' sho whispered. 'Free! Ah, yes; you slinU shave your wish, even though it finishes the work you have begun. Tread over my broken heart to your desire, my husband-oh, my husband !— and forgot me as you have forgotten your love.' 'When do you intend to break the newB to Mrs. Rivel?' 'To-night, if possible. I shall repre sent to her that tho climate and tho rough life out thero would be more than she could endure. She will believe and obey; Poor littlo soul, she has exalted me into a hero. In her eyes I can do no wrong.' 'Heaven help her! I'm not a good sort of chap, but— oh, hang it all, Rivol, 1 wish you had not told me this.' 'She will get over it.' 'I shall get over it,' whispered Phi hppa, as sho blindly retraced her steps. Why should sho prolong her torturo? \vhy should sho listen whilst with his own lips Ambrose Rivel further con demned himself? Ho should have his heart's desire, and sho would forget him. Oh, no, no, no! Sho had loved him too well for that. Sho could neither forgot nor forgive Heaven help her! What was Bhe goin^ to do with her ruined life, hor blighted hopes, her broken heart? She did not oven enter hor bedroom, but still, with her eyes fixed in that awful stare, her face whiter than the gown sho wore, sho walked out of tho house towards tho station. (To be- continued,) 