[?] (OOFZBICHX.) CN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. \- AN AUSTRALIAN STORY CHAPTER XXIV.— Continued Bur lifted a half -finished letter from under *- sheet of blotting paper. It was tbs letter he had been bo engrossed in when startled by Edward's voice. Ab the latter glanced at it he saw that it was addr ssed to his mother, and contained a tall account of the ttagio death of her son. 'Another day and yon wonld have been too late to stop that,' Barr said, in a husky voice. 'It wonld hare billed ber. Thank God I Was in time.' *? In one 'our I can go home with yon, it yon care tu wait. If not, you kaow where the house is. I have several letters from borne for you,' Barr said. i ** O-i, I can wait for an hour, I assure you. I cave bean well schooled in waiting lately,' eu.il td the young man. Barr, however, did not pnt him to the ordeal of wailing even the hour, for in half that time t'jey were speeding in the Essen don train towards the former's home. ?? Toey think yon are up aloft,' whispered Barr, as they nearei the house; 'I most go first and let them know the truth, or they will perhaps object to my bringing a ghost ' home with me.' In » few minutes he came to the gate with Mrs. Barr at hlB side and beckoned Treno wetb ap. Mis. Barr's greeting was a cordial one, for Bbe louked upon him as one really risen from the dead. Before he was allowed to shut hinwelf up with his letteis, his host insisted upon his having lunch, and, that over, he made hastily for his room and opened his budget of letters. He took them according to the dates on the envelopes, and thus he had a consecutive history of events in St. Columb'e Cove. The letteis from InEz were of an affec tionate character, but the later dated ones were mostly written by hiB mother. Ttie last one he had to open was very roluminous, and he found that it was dated from St. Cj.umb'e Cove, on the 6th o£ Sep tember, 1871, and from his mother. It was as follows : — ??My dearest Son,— ' It is only a sense — a very strict sense —of my maternal duty to you which impels me to Bend you the information contained nerein. Knowing me as you do, you can well believe me wheu I say that I wonld rather be iu my grave than be thus forced so inflict tuc pain which I know this will give you. 'Not to keep you in euEpenBe, I may as well tell you at once that Inez has proved unfaithful to you (oh, tuat I should live to have to say it I)' Trenoweth pnt down the letter at this juncture acd stared vacantly at the wall in front of him. The news was so sudden that it fell npon him like a thunderbolt,. 'Inez nnfaitbfull' He had never even reckoned on the possi bility of such an eniiing to his love dream. The awakening was a ri-de one. For twenty minutes he thus sat, and then, slowly lifting the fatal letter, be began to read again. ** It is as well that yon should know ibe whole story that it is my painful task to tell to you. I begged Inez to do so, as it was her duty, but she refused. ' In the beginning of Jnne two strangers —tourists— made their appearance at St. Columb's Cove. They were staying- seai Tint&gal; and spending the summer along the Cornish coast. On the 4th of June oui .friend Edwards drove them over here and, being visitors of some distinction.be brought them to onr bouse. On learning that thej wsre from Australia, I gave the hearties) welcome, for I thought I might possibh learn comething of my beloved son in thai far-off land. 'Inez was at home, of course, and w- entertained them for the greater part of thi day. They said they were what in Anstra lia were caUed ' squatters ' and both Ine: and myBelf were bo interested in their de scriptionsof the region you are now ii tbat we probably prevented them seeinj many of ths points of interest in the neigh borhood. ' To remedy thiB, I asked them to pay an other viBit, and arranged to get Pcngellyt ?act as guide for them. 'They readily consented to this, an- three days subsequently . Charles Simpaoi and John White— for such were the names they gave— again visited Bu Colnrob. ! *' 1 did not notice that eitner of them paid more attention to Inez than might be expected under the circumstances; and, am their general bearing was most gentlemanly and respectful, I bad no idea tbat anything would happen from the visits. ' I might say, that on the first visit I told Charles Simpson of the intense interest I felt in Australia through my only child being there. I further said that Inez was your betrothed. 'I did this so tbat there could be no pos sible misunderstanding ; but at the time I had no idea that Inez was likely to prove fickle. ' On several other occasions the tourists paid visits to St. Columb ; but, as there ate eo many places of legendary interest to be seen, I did not attribute the slightest im portance to the visits. -? On several occasions, I now recollect, Inez was away from borne for two or three hours at a time ; but, as she Was in the habit of visiting the viilegere, as yob know, I could not be expected to connect her ab sence with the Australian touriste. I after wards learct that.at least twice, she went to meet Cbailes Simpson. ' At the end of two months I beg&n; to notice a change in the deireanor of Inez. She seemed dissatitfied acd irritable it an , unusual degree, and ber absences were ! mme numerous and more prolonged than before. « I bore with it all until one day the truth was most unexpectedly revealed to me by old Peggy Penhaven, who nursed you, and who has loved you like e- second mother. ?? The good soul came to me as a sort o accredited messenger of the villagers to let me know that all was not right— Inez Jas per was almost daily in the company of one of the visitors who had lately driven over to St. Columb. ' The jealous villagers had watched the meetings, which took place near tne Black Bock, on the road toTentagal. It was be yond doubt tbat the pair met as lovers, and the villagers*, knowing that I must be igno rant of the action taken by Inez, resolved tbat I should know. ' I can assure yon, Edward, tbat at first I was incredulous, for I couid not bring my self to bciieve tbat tue caud I had reared 1 could act ao treacherously. 'When the old nurse went away I sat down and pondered deeply over the cummu ? nication 1 had just received. *? The more I thought thVmore firmly wes I convinced tbat it wbb my duty, both for your sake and for hers, to speak to Ines oa the subject. ' It was six o'clock when she returned,and as she passed me to go to her room 1 thought i she seemed somewhat agitated. ' When ehe returned I asked her in the kindest way where she bad been. ' * I just went to see Mother Penhaven,* she answered. ' ' Was she at home ?' I asked. ' ? Ob, yes/ replied Inez. ' This answer confirmed my worst fears, for I well knew that Ines had told me a lie. ' I went to her, and, taking hex hand in znine, said : \-- ' Do you remember, Inez, when Edward bade you bis last good by ? Do you remem ber promising to be faithful to him and that only death would part you I' ?'People, when they are young, promise many foolish things which never come to anything,' she answered with a forced laugh. *? ' People, young or old, should not break solemn vows witnout abundant cause,' I said sharply. **? And have I not abundant cause V she broke out in a torrent of passion. 'I have not heard from Edward for more than a year ; and it seemo to me I will Lave to wait until 1 am gray haired if I wait for him to get rich and marry. But I am not going to wait. I am engaged to Charles Simpson, and arrangements are already made for onr marriage at Tiniitgal to-morrow.' i ' The suddenness of this revelation gave me a shock. I dropped her hands and was abont to turn silemlj away, when I temem ; : bered my duty to you. Turning to her, I : said : \- * *? Will yon do yonr duty 88 far as you fe can and tell Edward what yon have done 7 ' It will spare me a trial.' ???Nol1 she answered, passionately and ' decisively. ' I will tell him nothing, noi hold communication with him. Hetreati «ae with neglect and 1 will return it.' a 'I said no more, for my heart was toe full. I went to my room, and when I came z down in the morning I tonnd a curt note on i. the table from Inez, telling me tbat she bad i lef t St. Colnmb for ever, as she waste bt ~ married that day and, with ber husband L. would immediately take her departure U Australia. i- 'Thus without a kind farewell to mysell 0 or tne villagers, she fled from oar midst, She came amongst from we knew, nol J whence, and she has gone from as we knot a not whither. i ?Mv dear boy. I have sov told you *11 v - and x pray yon may be strong and not allow this most unfortunate event to blight your life. 'We are all in God's hands, and He does everything for tne beat. . You always have the blessing of jour affectionate mo ther, and I pray God you will soon' forget yonr fake love and find a faithful bean to take her place. When may I expect to see you! I am vary lonely now.' The letter concluded here, and in his des pair Trenoweth crashed it convulsively in bis hand* He must have sat in the room for nearly three hours, when he was:rou6ed by someone knocking at the door. ; Becollecting that he was a guest, he tried to calm h'B agitation, and at once opened I the door. i He was confronted by John Barr, who 'jokingly reminded him tbat time was flying and suggested tiiat he must have found bis .correspondence interesting. I In the dim light he did not notice the pallid face of his guest, but as be stepped into the passage the change in his features . was apparent. j 'WnatJ Bad news? I am sorry for ithaV ] Trenoweth took him by the arm and led ' him into the room, handing him the letter | as he did ao. | Barr hastily glanced through it, and then, taking Trenoweth's hands in bis own, i ' I don't want to be severe on you, but let ' me say that, instead of being thus plunged in grief, you ehould tbank God at having 'escaped being linked for life to a woman 'such as this. She is one not only insensible , to true love but also to gratitude. Are you going to wreck your life for one so unworthy of any sacrifice I I will say no more now, but think to-night over what I have said. If you do not care to leave your room I will send you something.' Trenoweth aid not care to leave his room, and Barr left him to himself to fight out his own ealvatioo. Eren as Jacob wrestled with the angels, so also did Edward Treno weth struggle with bis passion tbat night ; and, ere morning dawned, he had obtained the victory. The guardian angels of good sense and fortitude came to bib rescue, and be regis tered a vow tbat he would blot the image of Inez Jasper entirely out of his mind for ?ver. CHAPTER XXV. BISCHOFF. j When Trenoweth appaared in the break fast room next morning Mr. and Mis. Bati were surprised to find the young man in snub g»od spirits. Ab be Bhook hands with Barr, he whis pered: | ' I have taken your advice, my good i friend.' ' Good 1 Be firm !' replied Barr. ' You will want the day to yonratlf to answer yonr mother's letters and give &n; account of your long eilenc?,' Ma bost Haiti to Edward as be was leaving. ' And mind,' be added, turning back, '? the mail goes to morrow.' Trenoweth was anxious to write to his mother and explain bis loag silence, and he cent away an uncsu&Uy; long epistle, which tt was fated she wocid never eee. He touched lij'..t:y oc the dangers he had gone through, gj i& x&c; to cntiuiv alarm the ! 1 good soul at home. He announced his in ' tentionof returning to St. Coluuib. Cove ; within a few months. y His idea was that, if hie mother did not like to leave the old home, he wonld remain : there also ; but, if she would emigrate, he : intended coming back and taking up his 1 permanent residence in Melbourne or some : other part of Australia. j The sunny southern land was beginning i to charm him, in spite of the trials and dis i asters he bad experienced. Tbe progressive character of the people and the boundless resources of the land con vinced him that he would do much better ; in the young country than in old Cornwall. ? | Tbe associations at St. Columb could not i but be painful to him, and his resolution was fixed to return provided his mother was I agreeable. . j ' The next morning, as he was glancing ' over the daily paper before breakfast, a tele- ! gram from Lannceston caught his eye which ' made his heart beat faster. ; [ It was a simple announcement tbat valu l able deposits of tin ore had been discovered s in ibe north-west of Tasmania, not far ? from Emu Bay and in close proximity to * Mount Bischoff . A slight description of the locality fol lowed, said aB he read Trenoweth knew that I it was in the vicinity of the place where be f and bis mates bad found favorableindicatione of etanif erous areas after leaving the Three ^ Hammocks Island. His resolution was instantly taken. *? Do yon know if there is ? boat going to Circular Head, Emu Bay, or any of the north-west ports of Tasmania to-day f ' be asked of Barr. ' I will soon tell yon. But what do yoa want to know for ?' replied his host. ' If there is I am going there at onoe. Bead this.' Barr took the paper with some surprise and read tbe telegram carefully. Then he said: 'I thought you had had enongh of this prospecting work for a time. The west coast of Tasmania is not a pleasant place, though not quite so bad as central Austra lia. Yoa can get plenty of water, at any rate ; but the food is scanty, and the forest and scrub are awf uL' 'I bave been to this locality, as I told yon, and I am sure tbat a vast deposit of tin exists there. In fact, my intention was to go to the place in a few days and further prospect it ; but yon see there is no time to be lost if I want to make anything,' Edward answered. 'Besides,' he went on, 'there is sure to be a rush to tbe place, and there' is little fear of anything bad happening to me.' { f ' Yes, I dare say you are right,' returned Barr, who bad been closely examining eome papers. ?? I find the only boat leaving for Tasmania to-day goes to Launceston ; but yon can join & service there which will take you to Emu Bay, or you can get overland to &*4Dl»uuu. *.UG UUBI BUI IS IU *WU HUUIB JLCOm now, so that not a single moment is to be lost. The preparations which Trenoweth had to make were few, for Barr told him be would send a cable message to his agent in Laun ceston to buy the necessary outfit and also secure a berth in the coastal steamer. BiddinzMrs. Barr a hasty adieu, Edward and biB 'friend went into tbe city, and two hours later the former was steaming down the turbid Tarra en his way to Launceston. Early next morning he was at tbe Tamar settlement; but. early as it was, Ban's local agent was awaiting him. j The latter knew him through his former visit, and.having be&rdof; bis reputed death, | was a good deal surprised to see Trenoweth,' for he thought Barr — which would be most unusual with him — bad made a mistake in! the name he sent. j 'I was under tbe impression,' Eraser! said, as he cordially greeted Treno wetb.i ' tbat I would never meet yon again except' in. the kingdom of shades . It seemed almost csrtain that you must bave perished in tbat confounded place.' ' Well, here I am at any rate ! and with much more experience than when I last saw you,' said Edward. 'Yes ; I believe that.' The boat to Emu Bay did not leave until noon. Fraf er bad already engaged a passage on it for Tr nowetb, and the necessary artioles were obtained and pot on board. As Edward was walking np the street in a somewhat abstracted frame of mind, be was surprised to hear a sweet voice— at least it seemed sweet to him— call : 'Mr. Trenoweth.' Turning, he found himself confronted by Miss Byan, of Cape Barren feland. She looked even moxe surprised than b* did, as she said : 'I was almost doubtful that it canld be you, but I was determined to make cer tain. I have been watching you for five minutes. You know, Mr. Trenoweth, we heard such — such very bad news.' 'lam moBt delighted to meet you, Mist Byan. Bow are Tonr father and mother and ali on the island^' volubly enquired Sd ward, as his face lighted op with real and unfeigned pleasure. ' They are all well,' the girl answered ; ?? but we heard such bad tidings of yourself and party. Of course, we took a great inte rest in your expedition, and we watched the papers fcr information, knowing where yoa intended gems'. Six months ago we read a dreadful account of what bad happened to you ; but I am so glad to find that it was a miet&ke.;*' ' So far as I am concerned, it was a mil* take ; but, I am scrry to tell you, that 1 must believe my good mates. Grey and tht brothers Norton, perished in the wilder, ness.' Neither of them spoke for a minute or two. when Miss Bjan said : « Are you going to stop here for long, MrJ Trenoweth !' ' I sail in an isour for Emu Bay, and from tbence I am goic^ to Mount Bischoff. Yon eee I am still in quest ot fortune.' Tiie giri looked greatly disappointed,** the said: *? I suppose you' will not be able to visit us again st the island I It is such an ont 1 of-the-way place.*' . i ' I hope that in a few months I will bare ; time co see you. I will certainly take tin | first opportunity.' , 1 Seeing Fraser approaching, the convena 1 tun was brougnt to a close, ana Trenowett went dawn with bis friend to the vessel. Boon after, the boat lifted ber anchor ansT went down tbe stream and in the evening Emu Bay was reached. Considering the importance of the find— ^ or, rather, considering the importance which Edward attached to it — he was surprised te eee the little stir it made. \- In Launceston no one was appsrentlyawan cf the ^iiscwery, and even at Emu Bay ! the few inhabitants took very l-.tttc notice of it.— 7i be Continued. W F 17 