FOUND DROWNED. The inquiry concerning the death of Charles Wickman, who was found drowned near the Govennnent-house jetty on the morning of the 5th inst., was continued before tho district coro ner (Dr. Lavejn-ove) and a jury yester day afternoon. Charles Mercer, caretaker, employed by tho Harbors and Rivers Department, stated that at about 12.45 on the morn ing of the 5th inst. ho was taking his usual round among tho punts. He saw a hat on the Government-house jetty, and ho afterwards saw tho body of a man in the river at the south end of the jetty, and he reported the matter at the water-police station. Tho body was about 12 yards away from tho jetty. There was about 2ft. 9in. of water at the spot. The head of the body was just a-Wash with tho water. The body waa fully dressed, with tho exception of a hat. The legs were strapped to gether with a waist-strap, which was fastened round tho ankles. The body was quite stiff. Police-constable Douglas stated that he found on the deceased some papers, which he produced. He found others in his luggage at the Great Eastern Restaurant. He conveyed the body to the moa*gue at the Perth Hospital. Ernest Thomas Anderson Basan stat ed that he was a restaurant-keeper, re siding at the Great Eastern Kestaurnnt. Ho identified the body as that of Charles Wiokman. He had known the deceased for 12 months. He had been staying for a day or two off and on at his place for 1 2 months. He could not have been in comfortable circumstances. He saw him last at about 9.30 on the night of April 4. In tho early part of the morning he had told his clerk to tell the deceased to leavo tho restaurant, as he had no money, and he owed for several days' accommodation. The de ceased was about 50 years of age.' Dr. Spencer stated that he made a post-mortem examination of tho body, and found that the cause of death was asphyxia from drowning. Tho jury found that death was due to suicide by drowning, caused by want, When in America, Mr. W. S. Gilbert was one evening at a fashionable func tion given by a lady of the 'new rich' order,, who posed as a patron of music, but who had not had time to educate herself. She was foolish enough to at tempt to 'show off' before the English celebrity. ? 'And what is Baoh ['Batch' she called it] doing now?' she said, 'is he composing anything?' 'No, mad am,' immediately replied Mr. Gilbert, without the ghost of a smile. (lNo, madam; Batch ia just now decompos ing!' The eagles and other great rapacious birda of the menagerie of the Museum of Natural History, Paris, are nowprovided with large glass- houses in the open air, so large that the birda can fly and live a more natural life than before, when they were oonfined in small cells or cages. In consequence, they are in be-t- ter health, and their spirits and plum age have improved. 