Mi OPE£! LETTER TO IR.U.REID,J,P,,LL.D, ftt, IP, P.C, Attorney -General and Premier of New South Wales. Sir, — You have replied to my charges oE corruption against yon, I now reply to your charge of conspiracy against others. But before I do this permit me to point out that your reply is no refutation. True it is you had Par liament ?with, you, almost as unani mously as I had it against me. What is more you had the support and ap proval of Messrs. Edmund Barton, H. D. Meagher and R. Sleath. Concern ing the sanction which -these gentle men hare seen fit to accord to your transactions with the Bank of Ifew Zealand, I venture to think that one must differentiate between tho value of their several sanctions. At Mr. Barton's cordial approval I neither express uor feel surprise. I remember that ho is the same ^f_r. Barton, who, as Attorney-General11 in the Dibbs Administration, took a brief against the Crown in the celebrated Proudl'oot case, while under the solemn obliga tion of the oath of office to defend the interests o£ the People at a salary o£ £2000 a year. The face tfiat Mr. Barton's conduct on that occasion aroused such an outburst of public indignation as to compel him to re sign, from the Cabinet, may or may not impart to his support and sym pathy something more than the shade of a sinister significance. To me, as it seems, a certificate of character from him in such a conjuncture can carry but little wpight outside the walls of the present Legislative Assembly. However, much or Jittle, the sympathy and support o£ Messrs. Meagher and Sleath may or may not bo worth, this much can be said of them, they have never been convicted before tho triune tribunal of the People, the Press and the Parliament of paltering with the oath of office as Cabinet Ministers. Therefore, it is^ quits possible that the approbation of Messrs. Meaghev and Sleath may bs of more value 111 popular estimation than that of Barton, thus leaving the problem for tho public to puzzle out thus : How to appraise at its highest or rather lowest value the approbation of Edmund Barton ! * * ? You and your supporters claim to have scored a triumph and to have virtually annihilated me. ' To this opinion I have only one objection to offer, and it is this : that the House seemed more concerned about dis crediting Norton than vindicating Rsid. Of this^I can't and don't complain ; it is all a part of the political game now being played in Parliament at the expense of a be wildered and bulldozed people. I've lived long enough to know how Parliaments come and go in Hew South Wales. It lias been my good or evil fortune to see mob-compel lers, miscalled statesmen, mount to the highest pinnacles of personal popu larity and political power, only to come tumbling down amid the hideous ruin and combustion of their abortive intrigues and disappointed ambitions. I've seen Parkes despised and deserted one year, without more than three faithful followers, only to see him popular and powerful the next year, sweeping tbe country from end to end of all hie old enemies, and returning from the polls with a triumphant majority — greater than any you've ever had — to dominate Parliament even more despotically than you have over dared to do. ; * . ? ? But, considering who you are, and what you are, and what you haye done, it must be conceded that yon have succeeded most marvellously in mastering and manacling tbe Popular Will. In your hands Parliamentary Government is but . a plaything ; your Cabinet colleagues are but puppets ; parties are but pawns on tho political chessboard ; and principles are pestiferous nuis ances to he peremptorily brushed aside. You've drilled your own party into tho discipline of docility ; you've disorganised and disintegrated tbe Protectionist Opposition, and de moralised the Labor Party. Barton, 'Australia's Noblest Son,' who, without doubt, has a big majority behind him, both in Parliament and throughout the country,if he only cared or dared to do his duty and load, you have ' nobbled under the false pre tence of letting him *' nobble ' you ' for tbe sacred canse of Federation.' Though devoid of all statesmanship, and in a minority both in tho House and in the country, you dominate our pnblic life almost as absolutely as Parkes did by his statesmanship and big majorities. Hut your supremacy in of so dubious and precarious a character as to carry with it nn honor, while entailing heaped-np . humilia tions ontiU who tolerate it. At best you are, in spite o&yonr; profiisn ami pcrfvrvid protcst;;t°ioi)s, but a Premier «ii the Fuiicrnuce of Uib LalW Party, and tho protection of that section of the Protectionist Party, led, or mis led by Barton, and whoso policy is more Federal than fiscal. Such being the stnte of Constitutional chaos at tho present (im\ the action of tlie Assembly in. savii:; ly snubbing me ami sympathetically cliceiing you, is, after all, only another indication of tli.it spirit of absolute irresponsibility which has marked the attitiulo of Parliament ever since you managed to i:;ipturo the control ot the political mnchine. ? . « * Xow, as to your charges of con spiracy to keep you out of tho Federal Premiership. They were categorically stated^ and, if I may be permitted to express an opinioD, they were of a much more serious character than those which I brought against you. According to the report of y ouv speech, last Wednesday evening, you said : — Since I took up the stand which I did in connection with this fcJcraiymoveinent, I havo been tlie victim of :i number of in famous threats, endeavoring to deter 1110 from pursuing an honest and fearless lineof public' conduct, and ibis villainy reached such a height that even those related to mo have been approached with most infamous iiribcs, in order to discover something which (C-inW be published to damage 1113 in the public mind of this country. 1 haveiiad to stand this worst phase of American politics for some months past, and 1 know who the arch conspirator is. I am glad now that 1 am in a position to deal openly with this matter. Mr. Jessep : Unmask them : Mr. Reid : I have no desire to unmask those whom no mask conceals. Now here are statements which must be capable of clear proof — if Imt. Are they true '.' If they are true, what are | these 'infamous threats,' and ' vil- j lainy ' ; who made them ; who are , are they who approached your rela tives 'with infamous bribes ?' Who is this 'arch- conspirator' whom you say you know, and whom you say no mask conceals ? Is it I ? That can scarcely be, seeing that you were moat careful to impress upon the Hou=e on Wednesday night that you attached no importance to anything I might soy or do. Nevertheless, you did by implica tion at any rate involve mo in this alleged conspiracy against you, beennse, alluding to an interjection from Mr. Sleath to the effect that not a man in tho House or in the country balieves a word of these charges, you said : — But let us remember this : that although the men who sit hero and who have known mo in my capacity of minister under the most familiar circumstances, know enough about mo to laugh at such charges' from such a man, there is an object in t-hem. Mr. Norton: What is the object? Dis close it. I challenge the bon. member to disclose it! Mr. Reid: I did not allude to the lion, member. It is his trade. He is paid well for everything he does. I still say that ! there is an object in all this, apd I am' deter- mined that with tho poison shall go forth to tlie people who have implicitly trusted my integrity an absolutely lull 'and caodid statement. Now what is this object? Whose object is.it, and who pay3 me for carry- ! ing it out ? You ought to be prepared j to answer, or else consent to stand, con- , demned as the concoctor of a bogus conspiracy worse thau Parkes' Riama Ghost. ? « ? Now in spite of your disingenuous- ? nesa when tackled and allied to name or identify these alleged conspirators, there ! ia little doubt as to whom you meant to : designate under that/ appellation. The ' previous evening (Tuesday) alluding ' 10 certain remarks of Mr. Barton, as to ! the terms and conditions upon which he would continue to support jour Ministry | you said: — We know what such talk means coming from the lion, gentlemau, and I beg to say this: it is an ominous circumstanco that such a degrading cjjisodo should occur in this House between two leaders of great political parties in conjunction with the appearance of a certain now addition to the ranks of this House. We saw a certain , hon. member — tho hon. member for Nor- ; thumberland — who makes his second appear anco in this House, brought to this table to-day by two leading members of tho , Opposition— the bon. member for Grafton and the hon. and learned member for. Ashlield. Mr. Crick: Why not? Mr. Reid : I say tho bon. gentlemen are to be congratulated, but what I do wish at once to point out is that the moment the hon. member appears in this House the trail of his villainous conduct immodiatelj' comes across the mind, even of an lion. ? member like tho hon. gentleman at the bead of theOpposition. , Such is the feeling of bitter bate and resentment yon bear towards me that ' you cannot contain yourself at the sight of two honorable members paying me the mere formal courtesy of introducing me to the House. What would y ;u hare ? Did you expect that, in order to feed fat the grudge you bear me, I should have been left shivering outside the Parliamentary door for want of an introduction ? You knoir, or ought to know, that according to the Standing Orders any Member ' returned at other than ft General_ Election, shall be intro duced to the House by a Member.' I conidn't take the oath without an intro duction, yet you complain and scent conspiracy in the conduct of Messrs. See and Wise, who do me this common and constitutional courtesy. What is, there in . such conduct to cause you f o gnash . your . teeth and foam at the mouth ? Did you — who seem to revel in conceiving conspiracies — conceive that 123 members of the Assembly, includ ing Mr Speaker, were going to cpn3pire with yon, the 124 th, to keep out me, the ]25th, simply to gratify your malice? Sorely the madness of. malice could not further go ! ? ? ? Besides, why should not Messrs. See and Wise, introduce me ? Don't yon think I'm' as good ns you? I think I am; and, perhap^, if you were to ask Messrs. See and Wise, thej\d endorse .that opinion, and it wouldn t be much to my credit if they did. Those two honorable members did not introduce me as John Norton, the journalist; they introduced mo as the member for Northumberland. That's where they trod on your pet political corn. Norton is your bete «oiVe,' -why thiB ehsoH be 6^ I cau'fe »ven surmise; but that it is so I've good cause to know. For the last three years you and. your Cabinet colleagues liave been doing your 'best to gaol me, for no other reason that I can see than that I have dared to denounce you and some o£ them, without tho protec tion of privilege, in terms less severe nud better warranted than those which you applied to me on Tuesday and Wednesday night under cover oi! Par liamentary Privilege. Among other nice things you said of me, you accused mo of beiug a blackmailer and by implication a perjurer. Well, .ill 1 can sny is that if you will only forego your privilege as a Member of Parliament or r?peat these lyingaccnsa tions outside Parliament, I will give you an opportunity of substantiating' them before a judge and jury. As regards Messrs. See and Wise, they both know me a great deal better (ban you do. Neither of them, I'm bound to admit, approve of all that I do or say, cither as a journalist or a poli tician. To Mr. Sse I owe an everlast ing debt for generous help in tho hour of trouble, and for cautions counsel at various periods of my stormy life. To Mr. Wise 1 am under deep obligations for professional services and advice in Court and iu Chambers, and he, more, perhaps, thau any other man in Par liament is in a position to say whether I'm a blackmailer and perjurer. The good opinion of these two men is of more personal value to me, and stands me in better stead a.s a credential of character before tbe world than would the opinion of a thousand such shifty, shufiling charlatans as thou. ? ' ? # * There's not the shadow oF a doubt that you intended to designate Messrs. See and Wise as two principal partici pators in your alleged conspiracy to keep you out of the Federal Premier ship. It is equally certain that you intended the designation of ' arch conspirator ' to apply to Mr. Wise. This is the construction put upon yonr words by Members of Parliament ; this s the view taken of yonr words by a section of the Press ; and this is the opinion generally held and expressed by the public. Yonr words and their con text leave no other reasonable construc tion. Why don't you have the courage of your nisni'.a'iou; lnili^nity and como out from bjliiiii the protecting barri cade of Parliamentary Privilege, and prove tli e truth of your, words, and the falsity of mine ? Show to tho world how you have been persistently per secuted by cruel, callous conspirator?, who have noc hesitated to invade the sacred circle of your family and friends, to attempt to corrupt your relatives with ' infamous bribes,' ' in order,' as you say, ' to discover something which, could be published to damage yon in the public mind of this country.' Why don't you do as Mr. Jessep invited you to do, 'unmask them.'' No matter what yonr sins of commission or omis sion may have- been, you have only to prove to the world your assertion that you have been the victim of a cruel persecution, the outcome of a foul con spiracy, in ordor to -confound your persecutors and to crush the conspira tors under an overwhelming load of everlasting scorn and condemnation. ? * « You have made the best oE your Parliamentary Privilege to heap obloquy and humiliation upon me ; but 1 bear you no personal . malice. I take no more account of you thau you pretend to take oE me. It docs eeem strange, however, in view of your protestations of indifference that you should have exhibited so deep an interest in the result of the recent Northumber land Bye-election, as to make constant inquiries by telephone and otherwise, as to the state of the polling on the night of the 20th ultimo. Misled by incorrect and incomplete returns, you' too ready to believe what you so anxiously wished to si'C, rushed off to the telegraph office 'to send forth the joyful tidings to your i rien Is, ' Norton defeated for Northum berland !' I know tlie parties of whom you inquired so eagerly, and some of those who saw you at the General Post Office on the night of the 20th of June diligently dispatching wires aU over the country announcing the defeat of Norton for Northumberland ! But ' O, what a difference in the morning !'^_jw!ien you found that In spita ot all th*e 'devilish dodgery and diabolical devices, resorted to by those working to realise the wish of your heart by bringing about my defeat in ignominy and shame, I was returned by over 200 of a majority. You'ro the same chivalrous chap who, while pretending an absolute indifference' as lo my existence, hurled infamous chnrges of blackmailing and perjury, unier cover of Privilege, a cowardly protection which I never have and never will resort to in my capacity as a publicist. I am, in all thatgoes to make a good citizen, Your equal, JOHST NORTON. Sydney, July 22, 1899. On account of the scarcity of raw material for tho paper mills of Holland they now use the stalks of the potato plant, which can ,be bought of the (farmers for four' shillings per ton. Earl Clanwilliam, Admiral of tbo Fleet, is socially the most exalted officer, apart from Royalties, in the British NaVy. Ho entered .tho navy fifty-three years ago, and in 1857 nearly lost his life at Canton. His eldest Bon and heir, Lord Giliford, who narrowly escaped death when tho Victoria was run down, is one of the smartest of our naval lieutenants. ? ;. At the first Paris ' Exposition, in 179S, there were only 110 exhibitors ; at the se cond, in 1601, there were 220 ;at tbe fourth, in 1S09, there were 1422 ; and at the eighth, in tlie reign of Louis Philippe, there wcro 2247\. The first World's Fair in Paris was in 1855. At the Birposition of JSS9' there, wore 55,489 1 exhibitors, and 32,500 000 visitors. ? \ ' The authorities- of the Southern Metro politan1 Gas Comp'auy.an Englishrarpora tion, liave'added working men directors to the poard of the Company. Tho report Btatcd that the profit-sharing system, which was introduced in 1889, continues to justify its existence, as it induces a generally in tclligent interest in the welfare of the com pany oh tho part of its officers and men. Two ot the workmen were elected by tho workmen shareholders to pit oji the Board, and tho result so far lias proved very satis factory. I 