Tin: proposed railway botween Dubbo and Coonamblo appears to bo surrounded with obitaclcH. Its construction lias boon delayed oil ono pica or the other for tlm loot twenty yearn, and now, when it was believed that all objections had boon removed, — when it was thought that all dispute about tlio routo had been fully threshed out and ucttlcd, — it looks as if tlioee opposed to tho lino aro not satisfied, and aro bringing forward all tlio old reaaonH aguinnt it. Unfortunately, thoy aro boing aided and abetted by tho Public Works Committee, who must know that all tho elaborateness of tho inquiry in Dimply waste of time and public monoy. They aro going ovor tlio ground that was traverHed «n carofullv bv their iinmedlatn predecessors in office. Wo should bo sorry to think that tlio Committco'H object in to string out tho inquiry and mako work and consequently additional feon for thonisulvos. But assuredly in raising tho ghost of other routes,' after it hod boon, as everyone anticipated, so effectually laid by the Committee which last year enquired into it so fully, so impartially, and so scrupulously, seems a work of supererogation. Tlio Parlia mentary Committee, when tho proposition to extend tlio railway from Wnrren to Coonamblo was put boforo it a few months ago, did not content itself with inquiring into this particular extension. It dealt generally witli the question of a railway to Coonamblo, and considored broadly nil the ways suggested of connecting tho Castloreagh witli our railway system. Members of tho Com mittee visited tho various centres. Thoy travelled ovor the country bo tween Warren and Coonamblo, Dubbo and Coonnmble, and Mudgee and Coon- amble. They took ovidonce in the principal centres and along tho routo. They heard what the residents had to say. Tlioy also fortified themselves with tho reports of Departmental oflicials. They omitted to do nothing which was considered necessary in the interests of tho colony and the particular distriots interested, and after a most soareliing and impartial inquiry thoy reported against the lino from Wurren to Coon- nanible,— they reported dead against an extension from Mudgee. The latter would bo an expensive work, which would not pay interest 011 the co3t, and it would be madness to think of it. The Railway Commissioners were of the same way of thinking. Thoy could not recommend this line, and the Committee, being called upon to say which was the extension most likoly to prove advantageous to tho country generally— and apart from all local considerations — recommended that from Dubbo to Coonamble. In view of this, the Minister for Works referred the line to the new Public Works Committee, and one would have thought that, with the evidence before them and the results of tlio full inquiry held by their im- modinte predecessors at their disposal, they would, as reasonable men, have made their inquiry a more formal matter, and adopted what tho previous Committee had recommended, especially as tlio Engineer-in'-Ghief was favourable to it, the Railway Commissioners not objectors, and the cost not heavy. However, the Committee — some cyni cally say to make work for themselvos and increase the fees which ore so dear to the heart of the average member of Parliament— aro not content. Thoy want more information. Tho Railway Com missioners havo boon called upon to collect all sorts of data, and at present nn officer from their office is exploring some where in tho Coonabarabran district, having been driven from Mudgee by a gentleman who was deputed by the Railway League of that town to act as "guide, philosopher, and friend." Tho Commissioners themselves aro to visit Coonabarabran this week, and thoy are to see the country and mnke tho necessary inquiries. What all this unnecessary travelling and expense can do no one knows, nor wo aro cortuin has tho Com mittee any idea, and tho Commissioners and thoir officers must surely bo laughing in their sleeves at the wild-gooso chase thoy have been sent upon — a sort of continuation of that tour upon which Mr. Bnucv Smith, with tho vory best intentions possible, charged the Rood Engineer (Mr. Jonbs), when in 1891 ho ordered him to go through tlio west and north-west and report generally upon railway matters. Tho report, though at tlio time exhaustive and soinowhat valu able, is now for all practical purposes not worth the paper it is printed upon. The circumstances havo altered so much sinco tho roving commission was issued and the report sent in that what was correct then is not appropriate now. Tho great agri cultural awakoning had not taken placo. No ono looked upon the Castloreagh or tho Macquario country beyond Dubbo as cereal producing. The land was thought to be fitted for nothing bat a great sheep walk. Tho only resorccs which it was thought possible to develope were those of tho carrying capacities. Tillage of tlio soil was undreamt of, and as it has been demonstrated tlmt tho country whioh was thon looked upon as bad paying land and not likoly to carry many cattle or sheep, lias since shown that it bears the most prolific crops, and consequently Mr. Jones' conclusions aro now not roliablo data. The Nowcastlo people, afraid no matter how Coonamblo is. reached — for flifiv n.rn nnnnwr) fcn n rntlurov Ia flmf town, no matter whether via Warren, Mudgee, or Dubbo — that it will thon go on to Walgett, aro up in arms, and require tlio supply of the Castloreagh with improved means of transit to remain an opon question until an extension is agreed to botweon Narrabri and Walgett. While thoy have our sympathies, so far as tho Navrabri-Walgett lino is con cerned, we ccrtaiuly think that Coonamblo wants a railway, and it should havo it, loaving tho matter of the Walgott railway for future consideration. Wo hope that this agitation at Newcastle will not afford a fresli excuso to tho Works Committee to protract an enquiry which really should not have been more than a formality, for all tho work being done now has already been well dono, and with tlio favourable reports of the Con sulting Engineer, as well as thoso qf the men who aro to control the railway when it is built, before them, there is no excuse for furtbop delay, 