THE NOVELIST. "fPUDLlSHED BY SPECIAL AR 1 RANGEMENT.) In Full Cry. BY RICHARD MARSH. /Author of "The Beetle: A Mystery," "Tho Dachet Diamonds," "The Crime and the Criminal," etc.,. etc.) (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XXIX. True Story of What Took Place in Embankment Ch ambers. "Who was it that spoke?" Tho question was asked by the Judge. He looked angrily through his spectacles towards the spectators who were crowded together against the';willi. A figure was threading its way towards the body of the court, the figure of a mah. People made way for him to pass. f'l spoke, my lord." It was Blaise Polhurston. He stood at counsel's table, looking across at the Judge. '-'Who are you, sir?*' K "I am Blaise Polhurston. I "ara known to several persons who are pre sent." .'.;?'? "Well, sir, ls that any'reason why you should interrupt the proceedings of the court?" "You asked tho prisoner if he had anything to say why sentence o£ death should not be pronounced upon him. I have something to say." The Judge addressed John "Armitage. "Do you know this person?" John Armitage stood up. "I do, my lord." , "If he has any evidence to give, why was he not called In the proper, course." "I was not aware that he had any evidence to give." -John Armitage leant over towards Blaise Polhurston. That gentleman waved him back. .... "With your permission, I would pre fer to say what I have to say to you direct, my lord, and to the jury, with out the intervention of any third per son." The Judge regarded him with se verity. "Is what you have to say of capital importance? I would warn you that your conduct is most irregular, and that it is a very serious matter to in terrupt the '.ourt at this stage of the proceedings." "I am aware of it, my lord. What I have , to say is of the. first impor tance." "Then go into the box, and I will hear you. Let this person be sworn." The oath was duly administered.' The Judge himself conducted the ex amination, such as it was. "Now, sir, what have you to say briefly?" Blaise Polhurston spoke clearly and quietly, without hesitation, straight on. Although there was still that whimsical half-twinkle in his eyes, hé looked pale and worn; older than he had done of late. He stooped, as if S C E NîE S FROM "THE KING'S MUSKETEERS," NOW BEING PLAYED AT HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE, SYDNEY. he were tired. It was curious to note " how all those who were present seem ed to be dominated by his quietly spok en words. "On the twelfth of December last I was penniless. One whom I held dear was starving. On the afternoon of that day I. had seen Howard Shap-, cottr : Once I had known him welly> though it was years since we had'" , met." ? .? ' "Had you parted on good terms?" "We had not. Nor did we meet on good terms. Ho laughed at the plight which I was in; told me his address; ' and jeeringly asked me to come and call on him. When I returned to my lodgings I found that the person ' to whom .1 had referred was, so far as I could judge, dying for want of food; I had no money with which to buy any. For some days I had tried in vain to ?? , get some. I resolved to ask a dole from Howard Shapcott. On my way to him, i in the hope that I might still be spared that last humiliation, I callèd in at a common lodging-house, trusting that I might find there some acquain tance from whom I could obtain a few coppers. There was not a creature about the place. The kitchen was deserted. As I was going out, I saw ' that there was something on the man tel- shelf. It was a/revolver." There was an exoiamation fronj the prisoner in the dock. "That's how it was!, I remember now that I left it on the shelf. That's what I done with it, :and to think it should have come near 'to 'hanging me!" . .. ' ? ? .' ?'. The movement as of ' relief r which passed through the court showed what a degree of tension had been broken by the prisoner's words." Thé Judge was minatory.'. . : ^ ? "Silence, sir: now dare you inter rupt like that?" Yet one felt that his anger was an affair of the lips rather than the heart. Blaise Polhurston went on. "I put the revolver into my pocket. I can give no reason why I did so, it was done on the impulse .of the mo ment-and I proceeded on my way to Howard Shapcott." Tho Judge interposed. "I-feel It my duty, at this stage, to warn you to be careful as to what statements you make, as you are in no way bound to say anything which may tend to Incriminate yourself." "I thank you, my lord; I am aware of what are my legal obligations. And I will admit I would not say what I am about to say, had lt not become necessary to do so if an Innocent man ?Is to be saved from the gallows; When I arrived at ' Embankment Chambers I found no one in the entrance hall." "What time was that?" "I should imagine about 10 o'clock." "The hall porter has - sworn that he never left his post." "I found no one there. Had I done so I take it that such a figure as I pre sented would have been questioned if not ??: refused admission. Shapcott had told me that his number was 212. I went straight up the stairs In search . of it; to discover.that I had set myself by no means an easy task. I wandered in all directions, up and down one cor ridor after another-" - "Without meeting anyone?" ; ? _.-?---:-:-----¡ MISS HENRIETTA WATSON, AS MILADI. MR. CECIL WARD, AS D'ARTAGNAN. . , "Without meeting anyone. At last I found 212. Howard Shapcott'B name was painted.on the panel. I did not knock; I turned the handle found the door was open and walked in." He paused for a moment. Some of those who were listening apparently took advantage of the opportunity to draw breath. "Shapcott was Beated at a writing table., As I. entered he/rose to greet me. When hë saw,that it was I moving quickly past me he locked the door." " "It was he then who locked the door on. the in side?" "It was: He said as he did so 'Since you have favored me-with this visit we will secure ourselves from interruption;' I think that if I had known what he intended to -do ! should have prevented him; but . .his rapidity .-"of movement took me aback." . ?.. ,-\ : Blaise Polhurston paused again as if to arrange his thoughts.; ? .. "I find it, difficult to narráte clearly what took place between us; to place events in. their exact sequence. . I have endeavored often to do so to ? myself, but heyer tb my satisfaction; I can only tell you the tale, as I remember it. I saw at once that be was in a, malicious mood-full of thc old hatred for me; which feeling I returned in kind. "But I was in extremity cold, wet, hungry, footsore, penniless, in rags; and the memory of the plight of the one I had left at home was tearing at my heartstrings, and made Of me a* coward. He was a prosperous gentle man, 'with the ball at bis feet, at his ease, well fed he told me he had been din ing like a prince and drink- . lng like a king. His ton gue was like a rapier; mine never had been a match for his, then it was less so than ever. He ran me through and through; pricked me where he pleased;,-, sought out my raws and' galled them; while, so abject was my condition, : that I was incapable of even attempt ing to return, the blows he rained on , me. The apathy . with which I took my pun ishment did not provide him with sufficient entertain ment He made an effort to rouse me to resentment,. so he began to make sport of a great wrong which he had done me in the days of my youth and his, and for which, at the time, I could have killed him-and would have, if I had had the chance. The villain!" For the first time the speaker : showed a trace of passion. The epithet, though he still spoke quiet ly, was uttered with a sin cerity which seemed to make it strike his hearers in the face. . . "He threw his wickedness at me, by way. of a gibe, like the scoundrel that he was; for .he was a scound rel. I say it though he is., dead; if I msec him hi the shades I will say it to hl3 ghost. I felt something in the pocket, of my coat. It was the , revolver ; which 1 had taken from the mantel shelf. I took ' it out, and showed it.to him, and ask ed him how he dared to speak to me like^ that, when, if I chose, àt any moment I could shoot him like a dog? He.laughed, exclaim ing that he was quite easy in his mind, since that sort of thing was not in my way, or I should have done it long ago; which, in a sense, was true enough. "I found, that, after all, I could not ask for the cha rity, the desperate hope of which had brought me to him. I felt that, if I did ask, it would , be refused. But I could not ask. And since the jeering, hideous allusion to the evil, which I and others had suffered at ' his hands, had served io stir even my sodden pulses, . I turned to leave the room. "But he would not have it. From his point, per haps, the sport had only, just commenced. He saw , plenty more of it to follow. His appetite was whetted, he would not;have it baulked. As I turned he sprang forward, caught me by the shoulder, swung me round. . That picture is ever before mo. I see him moving towards me, -grip ping my right shoulder, swinging meround. The rest is dark. That is all that I remember." "What do you mean by saying that that is all you remember? ' Though, ' mind, you are under no obligation to' utter another word. What you do say will be said voluntarily, after being duly warned that, for you, the 'consequences may be most serious. I want you-.to understand that quite distinctly." "I do understand. I do not .speak without consideration." ' j . "Very good. So long as you. properly, appre ciate your responsibility for your own words. Now have you anything further which -you -wish to say." ! ' - , "I have. At this point in my mental con sciousness there seem to have been supervened an interregnum-a hiatus, iwhich-vl.ihave endea- - vored again and. again to fill. The = next thing which I remember is that a awoke' out of what appeared to be a state of torpor, to find myself lying on the floor of what seemed to be.a.strange room. It was only after I had laboriously gain ed my feet that I realised that- the room was Shapcott's. My brain was.In confusion. I was giddy-objects were, whirling, round, before my eyes; my limbs were trembling-I had to lean against the table to keep myself upright; I clearly recall how the sharp corner of the table pene trated the palm- of my hand. Many moments must have elapsed before I was able to even re motely appreciate the true inwardness of my po sition. ... "As my vision, mental and physical, grew clear er, I perceived that/ Immediately th front of me, something was lying on. the floor. I had been dimly wondering what had become of Shapcott; here he was upon tho floor. I wondered what he . was doing there. 'Shapcott!' I skid. .'Shapcott!' -He did not answer. 'Shapcott!' I repeated. 'Why don't you speak to me? What is the mat ter?' . ?? "Again no reply. His continued silence began to Impress even my blurred comprehensions, as -ominous. Endeavoring to collect my thoughts, I regarded him with more attention, and was struck by the rigidity of his attitude, his complete quiescence, despite the uncomfortable posture in ? .which he lay and'the fashion iii which his limbs were twisted. I bent over him. I touched him. He was dead. "When I realised that this was so, I asked my self, in my surprise and my bewilderment, how the thing had come about. The only explanation . which either then or since I have been able, to . supply, I offer you. All niy lifo I have been sub ject to an affection of the heart,' which has caused me on very manyvoccasions, generally at moments > of.: unusual excitement, suddenly without f thè \- slightest warning, to become completely uncon scious.- ... I have continued, sometimes for hours-' together, to tie like one dead. .1 can only .conjee-^ ture that, when: Shàpcott . í gripped nievby;,.;pthe'y shoulder, I was seized by one bf these attacks; that I fell; that, in falling, the revolver which-I; was holding in my hand was fired, ard that', its. discharge killed him on the spot. Whether the responsibility for this was ?his or mine, I havel, been unable to finally decido;;jt. seems t^^^^ it must have been purely accidental. ' "I! think it possible that your lordship may con sider that, the facts being as I have narrated them, T ought, to have gone straightway and pro ' claimed them to the first person I might meet.. That, also, may be the . opinion of the. gentlemen , of the jury. , !, did not do so. In, the first place, although consciously I had ho .hand in killing . Howard Shapcott, I did riot regret that -lie was dead. Nor] have I regretted it since. In the. second place, I had cut myself, adrift from my family; I had been parted from thein. for years: I had sunk lower and' lower in the social scale. I did not propose,, if I could .help it, to allow the. fact of my continued existence to be brought to .. their notice. In the third pjace,. the story which I had to tell was a strange one-as you will have perceived. It quite probably would not have been credited. I did not choose to subject my self to the personal inconvenience to which, ir any case, its telling would have subjected ' me. And, in the last place, lhere was someone lying at home, who, quite probably, would die, if I did not hasten bade with succor. ' "Some coins were lying on the floor. They had probably fallen from Shapcott's pocket. I do not know what was the exact amount, but, whatever it was, I snatched them up. A ring and a brace let ¿Iso lay close by him. I took them too." Open ing one of the French, windows, I-saw that there was a balcony without. Stepping on to it, I pulled,the window ;to: behind me.... Moving along tlfe balcony-T tóünd^ttiatrvát-'.thé;window, of the next" room; the blind "was ,yp.. ' >Just inside, a man with-;a; black -beard was stand|rig;:his face against the pähe.?: I felt' that he must have seen me as I passed. I was seized with a panic of terror! 1; rushed: frantically on. At. the end of the balcony waaia waste water-pipé. fástehed to:thei wall. . "By its aid I descended to the - ground. . I am no athlete. I' have' surveyed the'?- scene since, and it has been strongly borne in upon me that the most mysterious part of the night's proceed ings is how, by the employment of such means, I could have safely,reached the ground. . "Nothing:which I have said has been offered in extenuation of my conduct; I have no wish to excuse myself. "As clearly and briefly as I could I have laid before.you the facts of the matter as \- they are known to me. Up'to now they have been known to me only. - I should haye con-: v tinned to keep my own.confidence had it not been ^for -thé verdict of'the jury on Robert Foster. It has not been part:of my intention to allow him to suffer for a crime which was no crime,, and of which- he, in any case, was wholly and: com . ple'tely innocent.1; That, my lord and gentlemen ;.. of-the. jury,-' is all>-I- have : to lay -before you.?.- -.v-....\ ? The .silence which followed the speaker's words was broken by the sound of a feminine voice. A door was thrown open-a woman came hastening into the court. . ."Gentleman! Gentleman!" she cried. "I heard you.speaking! I knew it was you!". - , - . . Before anyone could stop her, she had-.pushed her way through, the people' to where Blaise Pol hurston stood.. It was.Pollie Hills. .He.turned, as. she* came, and took her in his arms, before, them all. . ' ' "Pollie! . 'We meet at Philippi!'"~ Although it was unlikely that .she gathered.his exact import, it was plain that her' guess came pretty near to it. Her tone was tremulous. .." "What are you doing here? You haven't been telling them anything?" "Yes, Pollie, I haye. I'vo told them every thing-the whole strange story." "Gentleman! Gentleman!" The usher's voice was heard. "Silence! Order there!" The Judge leaned over the bench. "What is the meaning of these extraordinary proceedings? Take that woman away!" Pollie turned and screamed at him. "You touch me! You let anyone so much as lay a hand on me! You let 'em dare!" "Look out!" exclaimed a voice. "He's going to fall." Ttys allusion was to Blaise Polhurston, who did fall. Pollie caught him in her arms. She look ed at him with á blend of amazement, honor, fear. " ? "Gentleman!" she gasped. "What's wrong?" . There was nothing wrong. He was only dead. That affection of the heart of which he had been telling th em ¿had visited him for the last time. 