QUITS. CHAPTER XI. BY CLEOFAS. It needed no argument to couvince Mr Stonor that his life was less thana pleasantone on board the Star of the West. He was now convinced that his wife’s seemingly tranquil manner was bat assumed, and that she , entertained for him the same fixed aversion ehe had declared on the day of their mar riage. His natural shrewdness led him also to see that she and Patty were aoting in con cert with each other; but it had come upon him quite as a Barpriee to find that Patty j knew of his flinging Wheatleigh into the | river, and though he had been quite honest ; in his declaration of admiration for Patty’s 1 character, he was not the less sensible of the danger be ran from what she might deter mine to do in the way of making known to otherß the terrible information of which Bhe had become possessed. He stood in con tinual fear of her, and as this fear had been snperadded to the terrors arising from what he deemed supernatural sources of alarm, his mind was quite the opposite of tranquil. He confessed to himself that it was difficult to preserve the unruffled manner and bearing he had hitherto prided himself upon being able to exhibit in bo high a degree. So he drank more brandy than ever. There arose a storm; not such a one as to alarm old sailors, but sufficiently violent to make those who had not been to sea before feel very much afraid the ship would go to the bottom. The sea washed over the main deck incessantly, and it was impossible for any one to maintain a fixed position without holding on very tightly tp some part of the vessel. The wind roared like thunder, and it nlned heavily at intervals. Mr Stoner had a strong prepossession in favor of suffi cient ventilation, end had hitherto slept with the port bole of hie oabin open. Being on the lee Bide of the ship, he had experi enced no inconvenience from this practioe, bnt during the night following the day that the tempeetnouß time began, there was a change made in the conrse of the ship, bo that his cabin came to be on the weather Bide, and a great wave cnming and dashing against the side, deluged his apartment in a moment. He wbb dreaming of fishing in the Seine, and he thought he had drawn up his line, and found Wheatleigh’s body at the end of it. He thought the corpse twined its arms around his body, and tried to puli him into the water, and it was while engaged in the struggle to prevent its doing so, that he wsb awoke by the pouring in of the sea through the port hole. He leaped out of his berth, and found himself ankle deep in water. His first impression was that the ship was going to the bottom, but his next was that this could certainly not be, for had he not taken the precaution to work the charm by which he was preserved from death by drowning at any rate ? He struck a light, hastily dressed himself, and went on deck. The sea was running what imaginative people call mountains high, and most nf the canvas had been taken in. But the ship leaned over dreadfully, and seemed every moment as if ehe would go on her beam ends. Mr Stonor secretly thought of the emerald ring at the bottom of the Seine, and comforting himself with this recollection, he returned to his cabin, and found it in great disorder. The water, to be Bure, had run off towards tbe other Bide of the ship, but there was a number of articles oo the floor of the cabin that had become saturated, and as Mr Stonor did not feel disposed for sleep, he set to work to put these to rights. Agnes woke while he was doing this—the rnshing in of the sea had not previously disturbed her— and for Borne time she watched him, and wondered what he waa doing, 1 What iB the matter ?’ she said. 'The water has oome in at the port hole, end flooded the oabin. I have been on deck; it is very rough, and the appearanoe of tbe sea is alarming, bnt I have no fear. You may think it absurd, but I derive great comfort at this moment from the remem brance nf my having dropped that ring into the Seine.’ I Do you really believe in such thingß ?’ I I have told you how far I believe in them. There ie, at any rate, undoubted evidenoe of some most carious coincidences in connection with charms. I cannot convince myself that what is done and what follows stand to each other in the relation of oause and effeot, but I know that they seem as if they did, and I do not see why we should not avail ourselves of any and every advantage which the poe slblllty of their so standing may bestow upon as.’ 1 Your belief amounts to a sort of faith.’ ■ ‘Yes, and faith is a great comforter. I am eoeptical ennngh about suoh ordinary creeds as are accepted on the atrength of their being agreeable to the RUggestionß of faith, but I sometimes wish I had not grown sceptical, for faith enables one to avoid a Ereat deal of trouble io reasoning and argn ment.’ | If you had not dropped the ring into the Seine would yon now have been apprehensive for the safety of the ship ?' ‘lt may Beem very foolish and weak to.say so, but I do not thick I should have come on this voyage if I had not had the opportunity of taking that precaution of assuring at least my belief in its Bafety.’ By daylight the wind lulled, and the sky cleared. Patty and Agues sat after breakfast on ths poop, and watched the bright blue trans parent waves rolling and breaking against the shlp’e Bide. ' Did you eleep through the storm, dear, last night?' said Mrs Stonor. ' Was there a storm ?' ‘He said so. I awoke and fouod him occupied putting things to rights in the cabin. The water had come through the window and he thought the ship was going □own, 1 ‘I never awoke through the storm, if atorm there was,’ said'Patty.. ‘ Was he very much afraid?' ho, only he said-the-should have been, hat that his having insured himself, against crowning by dropping the ring into ;the Seine made hiß mind easy,’ - 1 Now is the time, then,,to use this means of mlding to his terrors.’ • Yes, dear, now is the time, but how do you propose to do it, so as to make it quite effectual ?’ If you will leave it with me and the old gentleman, I think we can manage it.’ Mr Stonor grew paler and thinner every »y. The faoe of Julian Wheatleigh con lonally appeared in the dusk nf evening, an this apparition was evidently producing R mark'd effect upon him. At laßt Agnes * most began to pity him. He had never wavered in his affection for her. He had “on, she thought, unjust to himself in re using ho denominate this feeling by the ame of affection. She knew she had plenty reason to hate him, bnt, like every true omau, Bhe could not either entirely hate or altogether despise the man who selected er as the especial nbjeot of his affection, thl WRR impossible to forego r ‘ , 1 of making him sensible of the base the stratagem to which he had re ed in obtaining her as his wife. M.„"L h !_ e . othßr h “ nd ' Patt y’a resolution to Pomsh him gathered strength by time. She “ D .°J nn . t, . ve but the pure and disinterested „ desiring to serve, by any means In her tMn V” ® woman whom ehe owed every g ehe poBBBBBed in the way of social poal tion. Agnes knew this, and she felt, there fore, it would be ungrateful, if even she hereelf strongly wished it, to attempt to deter Potty from her Bet purpose. As to Julius Wheatleigh, he was in a condition of curious perplexity. He knew that Agnes wsb lost to him, possibly for ever, but he felt, nevertheless, that he loved her as much as ever he did. At the same time, the ear nestness and devotion that Patty manifested towards Agnes inspired him with feelings of admiration which he could not help ad mitting' to himself were growing rapidly into tenderness. His hatred to Stnnor, however, was implacable, and he had determined that all the. business of his future life should be given up.to the endeavor to punish him. So he worke'd with Patty with that sort of keen relish) that is experienced by those only whose -heart is occnpled . with a great pur. to Agnes Patty was the dearest ■to'bfm in the world. He could not forget Agnes, and the bare possibility of his for getting her seemed to him the greatest mis fortune that could oome to him. But he also told hlmßelf that if he could forget Agnes, or if he had never known her, Patty wonld be the Worthiest of nil other women for the bestowal of bis affections. He reproached himself for his lack of constancy, and yet he. waß Bure there was a merit in loving such a girl aB Patty. He would unconsciously fall into casuistical mnsings when left alone, and take himself to taßk on the question of whether he had any right whatever to love Agnes now, or whether, loving her, he was acting honorably towards her to love Patty too. And then he concluded that loving and hating were not acts of volition any more than the exeroise of any of the senses is a voluntary act. He did not entirely think it was either impossible or improper to love two women at the same time, ■ especially when one of them had won bis affectionß by her devotion to the other whom first he had loved. His interviews with Agaes became briefer and briefer, for Mr Stonor seemed to become more and more enamored of his wife's society. If he had not at first "been in love with her, he had of late seemingly succeeded in reaching that condition. He read to her, he sang, be played, he sketched, he related his travels—for he had seen most of Europe and some part of Asia—he ima gined all sorts of projeots for their future. He hßd determined to work bard, he said, when they got to Melbourne He thought they might manage very well with what they had. He had heard there was the means of anyone qualifying as a barrister in Melbourne, so he was determined he would become a barrister, and, after all, make a useful figure in the world. It was possible, he said, that his inherent selfishness might be overcome, and perhaps, Bfter all, he might turn out better than everybody expeoted— all of which was necessarily agreeable enough for Agnes to hear, for, without being a vain woman in the Bense in which vanity is com monly nßed, she was flattered; and who could blame her, in that this apparent refor mation had been wrought by the magic of her own influence upon him. But coincidently with this feeling there grew up another, which, if it he called by its right name, cannot be denominated other than jealousy of the growing regard there seemed to be for Patty by Wheatleigh. She knew she did not love Patty one whit the less than she had always loved her, and she had hated herself for being even remotely conscious of the feeling of jealousy; bnt though she did not reason casuistically like Julius, she felt instinctively that jealousy was one of those passions which come and go independently of volition. Altogether these four people who had atarted on the voyage with very distinct intentions indeed, found their intentions gradually being modified, and it seemed as If, by the time the voyage came to an end, ■ the relations between them would be a good deni, if not altogether changed. 1 My darling,’ said Patty to Mrs Stnnor, ‘do you know I could almost think you were relenting in your hatred for your hus band.’ ‘ Do you think so?’ ' I confess it looks as if you were. Yon seem to take more pleasure in hie society. I admit he is intensely devoted to yon, and if you had commenced your married life with simple indifference to him, I should not be in the least surprised at your learning tn love him. For his mental accomplishments are quite sufficient under ordinary circumstances • to win a woman’s regard.’ ‘I think time reconciles ns to almost any thing. especially when the thing is in evitable. If Mr Stonor had negleoted me, nr had been harsh or exaoting, or watchful and suspicious, my bitter hatred would have preserved its aotivo form. But in spite of myself, I cannot help feeling less resentful than I waß at fir*t. I enmetimes hate myself for not hating him sufficiently. What does Julius say?’ 1 He says he cannot understand you.’ ‘I nannnt understand myself. Ido not think lam fickle, nor changing, nor incon stant. But I have begun to pity my hus band, and yon know how akin to love is pity. He suffers terribly from being haunted, a« he really thinks, hv the ghost of Julias Wheatleigh. He drinks hrandy continually, and the depression caused hy this habit in- j creases his misery, but. just in proportion as his misery increases his love for me grows more manifest. He embarrasses me. I think if I oonld be free from him, I could forgive him, and even desire to retain his friendship. Or if Julius did not exist, and I had never been tricked into marriage, I could be happy with him.’ ‘ Agneß 1’ ‘You are shocked and disgusted, I dare •say.’ ‘ I am disappointed.’ ‘You ore quite right in being disap. pointed. You have every reason to think badly of me.’ ‘No, I do not think badly of yon, hut I confess I am perplexed that after the deter mined and earnest way in whiah you vowed vengeance upon him, and after the passion ate entreaty you preferred tn me to aid you in the work, you should for one moment relertt.’ «I do not relent, Patty. I only regret it should ever have' been necessary to punish him for his perfidy.’ • Do you think his black heart is one shade less black than it was the day he forced you to marry him?’ ‘I have sometimes thought so.’ 1 You are mistaken. His intense vanity will bs satisfied with nothing less than your love, and therefore ho will leave undone nothing that by poanibilitv may help him to it. He has vowed tn himself yon shall love llim, not because ho loves ynn, but because his enormous vanity tells him it is a triumph worth Striving for. He knows yon have begun to pity him a little, and he will, there fore, make the most of his wretchedness. .H« is thoroughly contemptible.’ ‘ Do you think he is contemptible ?' ‘ln the last degree. Any man who bo lieveß in charms and oonjnrations, and who trembles Bt the sight of wbat appears to bs a ghost, is contemptible.’ ‘But you sometimes find contradictions in the qualities of even great and pure minds. Some of the most eminent of the world’s herops have been disfigured by almost de grading weakneßseß.’ ‘Mr Stonor is not a great man, and wo have seen that he is not a good one. He is at this mompnt a virtual murderer. He suffers no remorse for the murder he com mitted, and he would commit more if he found it npcessary to bring ahnnt his pur. pose. He would murder me, for instance, if he thought he could do it with safety.’ ‘Oh, no !’ ‘Yes he would; he would poison me quietly, and come to you immediately after wards, looking tenderly iD vour face, and he would say, “Poor Patty, she was a genuine girl."’ 'lf I thought he dared to hurt a hair of ynur head, I should be ready tn kill him with my own hands to prevent him doing so.’ ‘ Thank you, dear, I know you love m» and I am proud of your regard for me. _ I think perhaps the very feeling of despair, and the thought that yon were doomed to live for ever with him. have had something to do in inducing yon to chanep your opinion towards him. Be sure of this, however, that Mr Wheatleigh is the same as ever towards you.’ ‘ Are you sure ?’ 'Am I sure ? What do you mean ?' ‘ Has not Mr Wheatleigh begu» to enter tain—now don’t be angry—a penohant for you ?’ Patty burst into tears. • This is uokind, Agnes,’ • My darling, I did not mean any unkind ne9s.’ • But it is nnkind to feel jealous of me who have no motive bnt to serve you.’ ■ I know it. lam sure of it. lam sure your motives are pure as falling snow. But I know your powers of attraction, and I should not blame Julius if he did love you. He can never be my bnsbsßd.’ ‘ How do you know V 'Because heii not likely tp die l and heia not to ba killed. Oh, I' am a miserable woman, ’ And then Bhe dried too, and Patty oried again; and after they had both cried a good deal, and made their eyes very red, and had otherwise spoilt their beauty, they felt better, and aB lnnoh was nearly ready, they went and bathed their eyes with cold water, and then came into the saloon, and ate some sardines with Tarogou vinegar with excellent appetites. Agnes thought all the rest of that day a good deal of what Patty 'had Raid to her about Mr Stonor’s assumption of anew cha racter as a means of winning her love, and she determined to watch him muoh more olosely than ever she had done. Upon going into his cabin that afternoon, Mr Stonor found hanging by its neck from a hook in the beam overhead a large hawk, and on examining it a little more closely, he felt sure it was the one that had fallen upon his breast when they were sitting on Mont St. Catherine. The sight of it affected him strongly, as everything seeming to possess an ominous meaning did. Agnes knew nothing of how it came there, but Bhe was sure that Patty had placed It, and she was surprised it had not struck him that the hanging it up was Patty’s work. He did not take it down that night, and it was still hanging when they retired to rest. It began to blow about midnight, and the vessel rolled very muoh. Mr Stonnr could not eleep, so he got up, Btruck a light, and tried to read. His gaze wandered to the hawk, which swayed tnand fro in obedienoe to bhe motion of the vessel. As he continued to. look he saw something glitter on the hawk’s olaw, and on taking the light close up to it he saw it was the emerald ring he had flung with so muoh care into the river after he had escaped drowning. He shuddered, and his heart sank within him. He took hold of the hawk, and turned it round. It*was' nothing but a pieoe of oar rion after all, a dried bird with its feathers on, but it inspired him with as’ much real apprehension nH if it had been a demon com missioned to exact from him the fulfilment of a bond in whioh lh» forfeiture of his soul was a principal condition. The ring was real; there was no doubt of that. He looked within the oircle and recognised a motto by which, other marks failing, he could identify it. He tried to laugh at hfs fears, but he ooold not laugh them away. The hawk oould be accounted for, but how was it possible that the ring which he had felt so certain of being at the bottom of the Seine could have come to him save by superhuman hands. But, human or superhuman, he had a firm belief that in some way, whatever the means whioh Bhe worked by, Patty was at the bottom of all his trouble. He had brought • him«elf to believe, and he bad reason for his belief, that he had overcome much, if not all, his wife’s repugnanae to him. But Patty’s aversion was manifestly unconquerable, and it was to him equally unaccountable. He had never done the girl any harm, and he had done all he could to promote her comfort and enjoyment, It never once occurredrto him that there is this world such a thing as pure disioja restsdnesa. The quality is rare enough—so rare indeed as to have been prononnoed im possible—but it exists for all that, nnd Patty was a living example of it. She loved Agnes with a pure devotion, in which gratitude had a large share, and her hatred for Stonor was in proportion to her love for Agnes. - All this Mr Stonor could not comprehend. His nature was'essentially selfish. He was not coarsely selfish, for his habits had rendered him refined and sensitive. Hlb selfish promptings, moreover, occasionally took a somewhat roundabout way of manifesting themselves. Thus, in his attentions to his wife he seemed all disinterestedness. His object was to gain the love of the one woman upon whom he had bestowed his love, and hitherto he had found this not possible. His vanity assured him that Rnch a difficulty was not insuperable, and it urged him on, there fore, to continued efforts to overcome the difficulty. Latterly he had begun to think success was about to result from all his en deavors, and now there game the unpleasant hindrance of Patty Hartley, who, he felt, had steadily set herself to thwart him for some reason that he oould not comprehend. So he decided that Patty must be got rid of. Ha would add thereby to the torments of what served with him for conscience, but that wsb nothing when weighed against the pleasure of triumphing over the hindrances that stood in his way, Ha determined, therefore, that Patty must be removed. He had with him a small medicine-chest, an elegant miniature thing, of which he always kept the key very carefully on his watch-chain. He took the ohest out of a drawer, and placing it on his knee, unlocked it. The click of the look awoke Agnes, although his previous stirring about had not disturbed her. She did not speak, but lay watching him and wondering what he was doing. The bright little bottles glittered in the lamplight as he took out one after another, looked at the labels, and re turned them to their places. At last he took out one which appeared to be that for which he was searching. Agnes strained her eyes to read the label—a small gold one. with red letters npon it—and wi>h some d’fficulty made it out. It was SOLUTION OF ATROPINE. Mr Stonor then took from a small drawer in the cheßt a two-drachm stoppered bottle, and filled this about half full with the solution out of the labelled bottle. TMr laßt he re turned to its plaoe, and then he put the twn drnohm bottle in one of the pookets of his waistcoat. He then cut the string which suspended the hawk, nnd thrUßt it, ring nnd all, through the port-hole, whioh he hastily closed as if he expeoted it to struggle beck and inßißt upon haunting him for ever. This done, he seemed relieved, and poured out a glass of brandy, which he drank with much apparent relish. Bub he looked haggard, and his eyes were hollow, and when he passed ! bis hand wearily over his brow, Agnes could bob that his fingers trembled and clutched nervously. But next day she could di-cover none of these signs of mental disturbance. She thought, indeed, ho was even more agreeable and unrestrained than ever; but the little two-drachm bottle haunted her reoolleotion, and the first opportunity she could get she told Patty about it. • Da you know what atropine is, Patty?’ ‘No, but I will ask Mr Wheatleigh. I am sure it is something bad, or your husband would not have it.* • Your aversion is unconquerable.’ ‘ Uunoonquerable.’ She asked Julius within half an hour what atropine was, but Julius was not learned in toxicology, and proposed to oonsult the doctor, wh’ch he did, BnJ learned from him that atropine was the alkaloid of belladonna, and one of the moßt active of the narcotic poisons. > What do yon think he is going to do with it?’ "aid Pst-y. 1 Kill somebody. 1 ‘ Whom ? Not Agues, surely ?’ 1 No, he will not kill Agnes yet. It is you he means to kill. «I think you are right. lam in hta way, But forewarned, you know.’ ‘ Yes, but how ore you to deal with such a subtle foe? A teaspoonfal of a colorless, and perfectly tasteless drug, but of sufficient potenoy, the Bnrgeon informs me, to kill a dozen people. You drink a cup of coffee, a glass of wine, or even a draught of water, and you discern nothing either in appear ance or taßte to make you suspect the pre sence within any of them of a moat deadly and certain poißon, How are you to guard against this?' • I cannot tell, but so far we have guarded, and all goes on well.’ They dined at 3, and Mr Stonor was gay beyond his wont. The other passengers were delighted with him, and he occupied the chief place in the conversation. He brought some very fine hock out of his cabin, and told a pretty history of how it was sent to him from a special vinoyard on the Rhine, where once be Bpent a pleasant time. The Rtalwart old gentleman watched him care fully. The hock could surely not be poi soned, for he took off the cap and drew the oork before them all. Besides, he would uot give it to the other guests if it were poisoned. Me watched him fill Patty’s glass, and he saw that before thß wine began to flow there was nlready some clear liquid in it. Patty took the wine, and was in the aot of putting it to her lips, when tho old gentleman came quickly behind her and dashed it from her grasp Mr Stonor turned green, and stood up, trembling very muoh. t ‘ What do you mean, sir, by this out rage?' ‘I mean that you were about to poison that young lady, as you once tried to drown me.’ And the old gentleman pulled off a very accurately fitting wig and beard and stood before him, the ghost that he had seen at intervals ever since he had been in the ship. There was a terrible scene, and Mr Stonor rushed madly at Julius, wild with a frenzy he could not control. But at that moment there.was a ory of ' Fire 1" There was tramping snd rushing to and fro over head, and the cuddy was cleared of its occupants in a moment. Vast volumes of imoke were coming, up the main hatch way, and the consternation that prevailed was indescribable. Mr Stonor was petrified with fear. He stood trembling in a helpless imploring manner, as if he were beseeching somebody to rescue him. There was terrible soreaming all through the ship, and .women and ahildren were rnoning dietraotedly in all directions. Jnliuß Wheatleigb, with his coat off, was working like a horse at the fire engine, the hose of whioh was direated down wards where the fire was supposed to be. A rnmor ran that the fire had broken oat near the powder magazine. The sailors said there was not mnoh powder, but enough to cause serious alarm for the oonsequenoes if it should explode. The wind drove the smoke in Mr Stonor’s faoe, and, as he was moving to the opposite side of the ship, he had to pass close by the hatchway up whioh it came. As he did so a bright dame shot straight up the opening, there was a report which shook the whole ship, and Mr Stonor fell baok senseless, and on fire; The flame which burnt his olnthes was speedily extinguished, but the terrible heat had saorohed and charred his face; and his eyes for the rost of bis life were never again to reoeive within them the blessed light of heaven, To ht continued. 