Kaulat's Sacrifice. •'Mat! Mat! The brutes have been here again." Mat rushed through the store to the fenced-in yard behind, and saw Bowden stamping round amongst the fowls. "Mind the chickens, mate! What's up?" 'Why, there's two more birds gone— my best cocks this time!" "It's some of those nig-gers." "Of course; but I haven't seen a feather in the village, and I've lost twenty fowls. The natives couldn't help sticking them round or through their ugly faces if they had them. Even il' "they sacrificed them " "That's it, man!" cried Mat excitedly. "They've sacrificed them, to their "new tindalo. You know—the shark at the Point." "Then, by Heaven! the next fowl that goes is accompanied by a nigger!" "Well, you'll have to send all the village for a dive. The shark's mana is very powerful just now." "I guess one wjll be sufficient," answered Bowden. "Who's that at tht fence?" The traders walked over to the corner where Kaulat was sitting, carving .a float. "Sav. boy, does your tindalo like fowls?" The man started, and dropped his knife. "Or is it yam^i you feed him on?" Kaulat regained his self-possession. "Yes; it is yams," he answered, and resumed his carving. Bowden tried him on another tack. "I don't think much of him, anyway!" Kaulat jumped to his feet, arid screamed, "He is great! He it was who brought the rains and the flying fish this season!" "Oh! Well, who is it knows the words to talk to him?" "I do!" cried the native . proudly. "The people come to me with presents, and I get them all they want." "Do you ever ask anything for yourself?" Kaulat nodded, and then, as if to avoid further questions, strolled away. "That's your man," said Mat. "Yes; I'll watch at the point to-niorrow." The first watch was fruitless, no natives came down. "They are sure to make a sacrifice for success in their fishing excursion to-morrow. Go in the morning," suggested Mat. Just before daybreak Bowden crept through the village down to the point, and kneeling behind a rock, waited. Presently he saw Kaulat coming along the beach swinging some object in his hand. "The pick of the yard," groaned the trader, as the native came nearer. Kaulat climbed down to the water's edge, and gave a peculiar crj'. Bowden saw a black fin racing towards the shore. Then the native held the fowl in his outstretched hands, and made the tataro. "It is for you, Bagea, I bring this. Let the wind blow softly to-day and the fish gather in shoais about o\ir boats." "You dirty thief" yelled the trader, coming up behind and grabbing at the offering. "The tataro has been said, and the fowl promised—it must go!" cried Kaulat, retaining his hold on the bird, and endeavoring to wrench it free. Mad "with rage as Bowden was, yet this effort diverted him for the moment from his intention to throw the thief into the bay, and, in his turn, he struggled to tear the fowl from the native's grasp. The feathers flew out and the blood, trickling through their fingers, tinged the surface of the water as they reeled to its brink. The shark was lying against the rocks, and as a shower of blood and feathers fell it turned and swallowed them. Kaulat saw it. "The sacrifice is complete!" he exclaimed, releasing his hold. It was more than complete, for the trader, unprepared for this sudden surrender, stumbled backwards into the sea—and the feathers were discarded. Mat, explaining afterwards, said, "It must have been a damned tough rooster. to stand all that handling!" However, the sanctity of the shark was gone now that the ghost of a white man dwelt within it, and its cult was abandoned for that of the frigatebird . ' —WlNDA. . ? 