THE ANGLICAN CHURCH AT YACKANDANDAH. CONFIRMATION SERVICE. Friday of last week may be justly said to have been an epoch-making time in the history of Holy Trinity Church, for on the evening of that day ho fewer than sixty-one candidates were admitted to membership through the conventional, reli«ious rite, of confirmation. It is about (jve years- siuce' the last ceremony of a similar character was held, but it is doubt ful whether any of the Rev. -H. M. Warry's predecessors ever had the pleasure of introducing so large a number to cliuich fellowship at any one time ; so the event speaks highly for the reverend gentleman's energy and zeal as well as for the practical success of his ministry. Of course these numbers represent the pastoral returns of an entire parish ; and ia addition to the candidates from the parent church at the township, there were also contingents from the brandies at Gundowring, Dederang, Kcrgunyah, Kiewa, Allan's Flat, and Wooragee. The celebrant .was the Right Reverend Dr. Cooper, Suffragan Bishop of Ballarat. 'The service was fixed for 8 p.m. At that hour the sacred edifice was tilled to its utmost capacity with a congregation eager to witness and to participate in the solemn proceedings. The confirmees occupied the front pews, the female candidates, tistefully attired in white and wearing the customary white lace caps, being congregated on the right wing, the male candidates being accom modated on the left. A specially inter esting feature, was the preseuce of several adult candidates who, meekly conforming to the requirements of the ceremony, gave a greatly added impressiveness to the proceedings!- The service opened with the well-known hymn — " Come; - Holy. Ghost; Creator Blest," immediately after which the Bishop, arrayed, in- the purple-draped' sur plice of his episcopal office, mounted the pulpit and preached- an instructive and appropriate sermon, from the first clause of the words—" Be thou faithful until death, and I will give thee a crown of life"— (Rev. 2-10.) The preacher pre faced his discourse by observing that his text was specially appropriate to the oc casion which had brought them together in such large numbers that evening ; for if there. was one thing more than another that' the candidates for . confirmation needed, it was surely faithfulness. Thou jh particularly addressed to His . disciples, Christ intended these words to have an equal application tqthe Christians of. all time. And if the disciples, in full of all that was demanded by faithfulness, were led to cry, " Lord, increase our faith," how much more did the Christians of to day, who had not the disciples' advantages, need to make that prayer also ? " ;->e thou faithful." These words were origin ally addressed to tlio Church of Smyrna, whilst a great persecution was raging. Christ could have removed the cause, but, instead, he exhorted them to be faithful to death. And to the people of Smyrna this meant more than to those present. To them it meant as long as life should lasf, but to those early Christians it meant until they should attain to martyrdom, it was necessary first of all to be faith ful to God, and secondly to be faithful to themselves. They had to exercise the trustfulness of a young child. A child unconsciously reposed faith in its parents. And what a great crisis it was in the life of a child when it first discovered that it had been deceived — that it had misplaced its trust. The" harm such a cruel decep tion did to the child's moral and spiritual nature could hardly be over-estimated. But God would never deceive them. He was the author and giver of every spiritual blessing. They depended upon him for full salvation, and. liad to trust in the finished work of Christ. But the word "salvation" needed to be carefully' de fined. People were accustomed to think of salvation as relating to the forgiveness of sins. Once' their sins were forgiven they regarded themselves as saved and prepared for .heaven. But that was not the true moaning. There were many . sins .which would have their natural consequences. If they did that which was wrong . they must bear the effects. Nothing could prevent that. They saw . that every day of their - lives in nature. To be saved meant something more. When the angels sang at the birth of Christ that "He shall save his people from their sinc," it was not meant that Christ was to save his people from the punishment of their sins, but to save them from sin itself — from its power and dominion over them. If they loved Jesus Christ they would strive to master the power of sin. .They needed tills as much as to be forgiven. Forgive ness was only a negative attainment ; it did not produce the positive virtues of the Christian character. Yet this was the true end to be attained. They had to rise to righteousness of life. Trust was a duty to God, Every good child, trusted it's mother and confided in her. It would seem impossible to such a one to take an important step in life without first consul ting mother. . Similarly, the true Christian took God into his confidence in all the events and circumstances. of life, for God 'knew everything about tliem. If they did not do this,- they would find them selves eventually drifting further and further away, and they would lose that ill uiimlioln Trliir»h wn u en 11 popccjyttt fcn fill P.m . Trust was vital. Before setting off to the Transvaal, every soldier -took an oath of allegiance to the Queens- -They required absolute fidelity froth soldiers and ser vants. And they were all-soldiers' and servants in a very real sense. Without fidelity a soldier and a servant were use less. By the sacrament of baptism the Christian enlisted into Christ army, arid fidelity henceforth was a primary essen? tial, They were enlisted to fight under Christ's banner against the world, the ilesh and the devil, " Till every foe is vanquished and Christ' is Lord indeed." Faithfulness was essential moreover be cause they were members of Christ's body — they were a part of Christ ; and sus taining such an intimate relation to Him they were complete in Him. By trusting God and obeying Him tbey also honored llim. Good and well behaved children spoke indirectly of the wisdom and the superiority of their parents ; and simi larly, real Christians recommended Christ to others. The preacher then proceeded to emphasise the spiritual excellence of the Church of England, whose teaching and influence extended through 15C0 years. The church was their spiritual mother, and they ought to work for her and thus assist to perpetuate the good work commenced by: their forefathers. The Anglican Church had all the marks of a true church ; had a properly constituted ministry, and possessed all those means of Grace which were regarded as essential to the development and the sustenance of the spiritual life. The 'sermon concluded, the Rev. H. I\J. Warry proceeded to read the preface to the confirmatory rite, the Bishop after- Wards asking the well-known question of the candidates " Do ye hepe, in the presence of God, and of His congregation, .renew the solenjn promise and vow that was made ju your name at your baptism ; ratifying aud' confirming the same in your own persons; acknowledging yourselves bound to believe, and to do all those things which your God-fathers and God mothers then undertook for you ?" This question having been answered, affirma tively, there followed 'the impressive ceremony known as " The laying on of hands." The Bishop, kneeliog before the congregation, placed his hands successively upon the heads of each "of the candidates, who kuelt before him in pairs for that purpose, and repeated in deeply earnest tones the following prayer: — "Defend, O Lord, these Thy servants with Thy Heavenly Grace, that they may continue Thine' for ever ; and daily increase in Thy Holy Spirit more and more, until they genie into 'Thy everlasting kingdom." 4t the conclusion of this proceeding the hymn — ""Thine for ever, Lord of Love," was ably rendered by the choir aud congregation, after which the Bishop m an earnest address, exhorted the newly- confirmed to be atedfast to the vows they had just taken, and taking as his theme the concluding clause of his text — " And I will give thee a Crown of life," dwelt on the need of private daily prayer, and of systematic Bible study, and of public worship, as necessary to the possession of those medns of Grace whereby they could alone hope to finally persevere in their spiritual life. The service, which - had been deeply impressive throughout, was brought to a conclusion by the singing of the hymn—" Oh, Jesus I have pro mised, to serve Thee to the end." 