Occasional Papers. [Br a Victobiak.] The Tana flows on its silent way with strong, and at times treacherous current, and tbe wind soughs through the "many trees which are round and abont, as the party of pleasure-seekers is landed from the ferry boat, and wends its way along a winding walk to an immense pile of build ings, from whence issues varions sounds— there is the sound of music, which tells of the barn dance, next comes a monrnfnl wail as of a human being in distress, then cursing and blaspheming, followed by a series of wild, blood-curdling and madden ing shrieks, causing the first-time visitor to clutch the arm of the nearest neighbour. Then again there is wafted on the cool evening air farther sounds of music—slow, ! entrancing, and well-timed; the avenue of ! trees comes to a termination, and a flood 1 of light shines forth, while the figure of a well-known medico tells that our coming , has been awaited. *#* _,~Tt is a metropolitan lunatic asylum. Through several doors, carefully guarded, we are escorted to an ante-room, where, after dispensing with surplus attire, we 1 are taken still further ahead, and walking along the tiled verandah, from which droop great dusters of the lovely heliotrope co loured wisteria, wildly hilarious music is heard from an adjacent hall, upon reaching which a sight, at once curious and uncom mon, meets the eye. , .Verily, it is a case of " And tbe night shall be filled with music And the cares thatfcinfest the day Shall fold their tents tike the Arabs And as silently steal away." ; There are from 200 to 250 men and wo men, young and old, ranged a la Sir Soger de Coverley down the hall. Qneer-looking characters most of them are too, certainly having the appearance of being let loo88 for the night. Yes, and so they are. The men and women are the docile and harm less inmates, and it is the occasion of their fortnightly entertainment. Sometimes it's a theatrical performance by an amateur company, sometimes a minstrel show, and sometimes a dance. ! The jigging commences in real earnest, and around fly skirts, of sombre hue for the most part, and away go feet, encased in not altogether delicate boots. There is pirouetting and posing, some of the latter i graceful, but mostly tbe reverse. Tbe fun is fast and furious. One imbecile walks stolidly through the dance, while another casts eyes of love at his ruddy-com- j plerioned, and still ruddier-headed vrs a vis. The older women caper and prance, and there is some attempt at high- kicking, which is, however, promptly snppreBsed by the attendants. All are not of a giddy turn, though. *** See yonder man, very well up in years, with'a red cotton handkerchief tied on his coat sleeve? He imagines that he is a prince, and that the company has as sembled for the purpose of doing him honour. With as much dignity and bearing as his well-rounded shoulders will permit be graciously bows to the passing couples. He was at one time a suburban Mayor, and was respected and esteemed. A bank failure was responsible for his com mittal to the asylum; after the dance, in which he was an active participant, he retires to a dark corner, and commences to count the number of pounds he had in the bank. With- him, it is a never-ending performance, and will be, till the end of the chapter. * * * His late partner skips along the floor in a particularly lively manner. In fact she becomes a bit too frisky, and collides with a powerfully-built and_ anstere female, who resents such frivolity. A wordy warfare ensues, and an attendant interferes and escorts the frisky one to her seat. She jigs no more that night. *** At the conclusion of each dance the participants shuffle away single, the men do not trouble abont escorting their part ners to seats, and they are left to shift for themselves; rare, indeed, is there any sign of gallantry on the part of the men. Poor, unfortunate mortals. Much are they to be pitied; all they think of are the few fleet ing moments of enjoyment while the jig (that's the name they give it) is in pro gress. * # * The next dance is the lancers, and this is where the visitors come in, and they take lnnatic partners. My partner is an asylum attendant — a dark-eyed, dark haired damsel, with a rich, rolling brogne, telling of parentage of the land of the dear little shamrock. In the same set is an elderly woman, whose step is perfection (as one is able to judge when " turning" with her), leading one to.suppose that she had footed it nnder other and happier cir cumstances in the days gone by. Sad case, indeed. A woman of many sorrows, and of a surety acquainted with grief—deserted by her husband, she brought up and edu cated a family, only to lose them one by one. Two sons, her main-stay for some years, met with sudden deaths, a daughter fell by the wayside, and a third son, by taking what did not belong to him, was placed in an institution for a period of ten years. That's the life story, in brief, of ; one unfortnnate lunatic. Whilst the " visit" figure is in progress a gentle tap comes on my shoulder. Glancing round I find myself face to face with a gaunt, hollow-eyed female, with lots of " dust from the road of life," (as the French so gracefully put it), i.e. grey hairs. In sepnlchral tones the wo man, reversing the usual ball-room order of things, requests the pleasure of the next dance with me. I acquiesce, and away she goes with a ghost of a smile on her sad, sad countenance. * A polka is the next dance, and having been reminded by my late partner that no greater offence can be given a lunatic than by neglecting to be ready for the very first note of the mnsic, I prepare to hasten to the arranged rendezvous. No occasion, however, for the grey-haired woman is in waiting, and off we go. " Slap bang" says the music. "Here we are again" says my partner, and we negotiate half the length of the hall-room in quicker time than it takes to pen these lines. " We abe jolly dogs" continues she. No reply to this, because it takes me all my time to pilot ber through the crowd, so furious is. the rate at which she insists upon going, and, with a fairly formidable lunatic having a very fair grip of one, what can one do P Her hold of the floor was a good one, and she appeared to be delighted with her terpsichorean perform ance, so much so that even when the music ceased she expressed a desire to con tinue the gyrations, "just," as she said, " to show that' old cat' how to step it pro perly in a polka." " That old cat" proved to be another inmate, and the two were at daggers drawn. However, I objected to a continuance under the circumstances, and a request for a second dance was respect fully but firmly declined. A little of a grip from such a woman goes a long way. Dance succeeds dance, and it is a ques tion whether the sane visitor or the insane inmate enjoys the evening most. There are some good and estimable people known to the writer, wjio argue that there is no difference between the two, and that all people who dance are mad. Be that as it may, there is much enjoyment obtainable at an asylum dance. Sad at times to see the faces of the un fortanates. Vacant minds, with no sign of reason or intelligence. A woman of about fifty summers sits with folded arms, downcast eyes, and shaking head. She appears to take little or no notice of what is going on round her, and yet an attendant will tell the enquirer that she displays the greatest auxiety to be ; in attendance on a dance night, and likes to get there early, explaining that she hasn't a decent dress, and does not like her entrance to be noted. Another woman has ; a weakness for carrying a rag, which she ; has previously rubbed over a white-washed i fireplace, and every now and then she applies the rag to her wizened face, jnst as do onr sane lady friends apply the powder pnff in ! the sacred precincts of the ante- room of the dancing hall. Yet another woman at- i tempts adornment by means of a very frowsy red rose attached to a piece of lace j round her neck, and a fourth, for want of ! something better, sports a fowl's feather in j her nob of auburn hair, by way of aigrette. One of the merriest of the company is a little black girl with great blazing eyes, a towzled head of hair, and beautifnl teeth. She attempted to mnrder the man who was father of her child. Talk to her on any subject apart from children, and it's all right. Once touch on it—then the straight-jacket. Sad as are the snrronndings of the home for the insane, there remains the consola-. tion that the inmates leceived kindly treat ment at the hands of those m charge, and it is fortunate that such shelters are in existence for the keeping of men, women, and children, who from varions causes— some too horrible to contemplate—must be placed under restraint. Some blood-curd ling particulars might here be given of cases within the walla of this home, along side the Yarra, hat ifs not the seamy side of asylum life which is now touched upon. The theatricals, entertainments pro vided by kind friends, and the dance are" veritable oases in desert lives of the unfor tnnate creatures who here find a home. Befres h merits, wraps, good-nights along the avenue, shrieks and yells from the wards close by, into the ferry hoat, out again, the waiting cab, and home. * j j Shortly after sunrise a few mornings ago ! a bunch of bootlaces was observed to be ' smouldering in Mr. H. M'Court's business ' premises, Bowral. Mr. W. Piggott, who < noticed the smoke, crossed the street to j call a friend, bat by this time there was a I flame. Mr. Piggott, finding the shop door i locked, burst open the back door in time to : save the bnilding from destruction, which : certainly would soon have been the case, i The fire is supposed to have been caused 1 by the sun's rays being concentrated by means of a large lamp reflector on to the bnnch of laces snspended close by. The Auckland Meat Freezing Co.'s works have been purchased by London and Christchurch firms for £22,500. i 