WHEN LIFE IS YOUNG. (BY SILAS IC. HOCKING.) CHATTER xvnr. TRAPPED. "For gond and evil must in our actions moot; "Wicked is not much worso thau indiscreet." .When Douglas got withjn sight oC tho mill ho struck a light and looked at his watch. It wanted nearly a quarter of an hour to tho Umo yet. "So much the hotter," ho rofieo.Led. "I shall bo ablo to find a dark corner whero I shall ho unobserved." Tho wind was soughing dolefully in the baro trees, hut with this exception every thing was still ns death. Nearly a milo away fh.o lights of Deeping wcro twinkling brightly, hut hero in tho shadow of tho hills and trees tho. night was oppressively dark. Tho old mill slood out agninst its sombre background Hko some toothless monster. IIow had its glory departed. Once it shook to tho thunder of Us machinery ancl echoed to tlio sound of hundreds of human voices; now it slood silent and forsaken, the habitation of bats and owls, haunted, perhaps, by tho ghosts of bye-gone generations. Tlio road that led to it was overgrown with grass and weeds, go that his footsteps awoko no echo. Tho big door that opened into what was tho cnglne-houso stood wido open. He mounted tho steps cautiously. Tlio plotters would enter through this door. For a moment or two lie stood on th.o threshold and peered into the dark ness. It was not an inviting place. It smelt heavy, as though tho ilusL ami cobivchs of yixirs lay over everything. Ho took ono step forward inlo t.he old engine- room, then paused again. "Perhaps I had hotter romain outside until I seo whero thoy bestow themselves," ho reflected; and ho turned as though to retrace his steps. But quick as a flash and ns silent ns death threo men closed round him, bound him, gagged him, and dropped him down tho trap-door of a cellar, and let the door drop above him, before ho knew what had happened. lie was stunned and bruised by tho fall, for tho floor was a . dozen feet below tho trap-door. It took him several minutes to collect his scat tered wits and rcleaso his hands; then ho strug gled to his foot and groped round in the dark ness. . . . , „ Then ho bethought him that, he had a of matches in. his pocket,, and' ho at once struck a light, and as ho. did so he uttered a groan. On every side lie was shut In. by solid walls of masonry, .while above him was an arcb.ed roof of brick. One square opening in the centre was covered by a trap-door. There lay bis only way of escape, and that was six foot a.bovo bis. bead. Ills match, quickly burnt Itself out. and ho .struck another and another, and by tho feeble light they gnvo he examined as carefully ns ho could the walls of his dungeon. But tho search gnvo him ho hopo or encouragement. Tho walls were as solid and as flrmty sot as walls could ho. Tbero was not oven a faulty brick or stono as far as lio could see. Ho went on striking 'matches until halt his store was spent, then lie threw himself down in a corner with his back against the wall and tried to think. " XVhat a simpleton bo had boon. ; Of . a dozen things ho had elected/to do tho stupidest. He almost deserved his fato . for his more than Idiotic simplicity. Had his common sense , en tirely forsaken him? Had his recent experi ences addled Ills brain? It really seemed so, for. now, wbeu' bo. camo to tbink ovbr'tbo events of tlio day, he could scarcely conceive of a more stupid course of conduct than h.e bad pursued. It is proverbially easy/ to be wise after the event, nnd Douglas saw, or fancied bo saw, -a dozen things which lio ought to havo seen be fore. Ho did not attempt to get upon bis feet again: He propped -himself as comfortably in the corner as ho could, and shut his eyes. "I had better reserve , my strength till tho morning," ho reflected. "If th,ere aro any chinks in. tho walls, or. roof, tho daylight will find Uiem out./andlthero rnust be openings some where, for tho air seems quite pure. No, X will not despair yet: with patience and. determination a good deal may bo accomplished.". It proved to be painful work, liowover, waiting for tho daylight. Moreover, as thb hours woro away ho got numbed with tlio cold. Ills prison was dry enough,, but in all probability never a ray of sunshine had pierced It since it was built, and tho cold .at length secmod ' to strike into' his very marrow. / ; Ho was iiotdong In discovering a reason for tho trick that had been played upon him. Ho had been right in his flrst surmise. It was David Satellite ho had overheard In tho moneyrlondor's office, and it was David/be had heard and seen at Tuxbury. David, tho virtuous and respectable, who was to marry sweet, guileless Flosa Gresham on Thursday morning. Well, at any rate, David had been too cunning tor, him. He had been quick, too, .in framing and carrying out his plans. Tho way was clear for him now. Ho would bo able to marry Floss with out, fear, that anyone would stop in at the "last moment .with an, objection. '"Oh, what in idiot I havo been!" Douglas groaned, clenching his hands tightly together. "I:mlght hive known that lie would act promptly and desperately. But I belioved that old woman, fool that I was, aid so got' completely off my : guard. How the virtuous David will chuckle at my simplicity, how calmly and serenely he will, sleep to- nlglit, white I. poor simpleton that l am, gnaw my nails off in this dark and dismal hole." ' After a while ho tried to banish these painful thoughts front his mind, and made a desperate effort to court sleep, but tlio more ho tried tho more sloop would not eomo. Tho iwful stillness of tho place oppressed him. Tho intense darkness seemed lllco a weight upon his eyelids. Tlio uncertainty of his fato kept his brain proteniaturally motive. ' Tho thought ot Floss going calmly, and cheerfully to her doom middphed him almost beyond endurance. "I shall bo kept hero till after Thursday— that's a dead certainty," he said to himself. Perhaps If he gets , tho wedding safe over he will make :ar- rangoments to releaso ' me. . ; . And,, good Heavens! what a simpleton I shall look!. . . . and who will beliovo mo when 'I tell my story? ., . . , I shall never bo ablo to hold up my head in Deeping again." . So, with reflections such as these, the long night Wore slowly, and painfully away. Towards morn ing, though' tho cold was Just as groat— or even greater — tho Bilonco seemed less oppressive. Now and then there seemed attaint, pulsing In the air, a low,, faraway sound that /was not a moan, hut might be tho echo of a moan, which, by-and-bye, grew into a' definite Sound— a low boom, lllco tho boating of tho surf on tho shore. For a long time ho sat "listening and won dering. Then ho realised that the March winds had got up during the night and woro raving down tho valley, and shrieking through the ruins of the .old mill; But the sound brought no com fort with it. No storm, mould lift tlio roof of his dungeon or batter down its walls. By-and-bye, in looking up, ho saw a pate streak of light through a crevice in the trap-door. Xle sprang to bis feet in a moment. The day was breaking at lost. But the light never grew very strong. At best it only made the darkness visible. Yet It is wonderful how soon the eyes will accustom themselves to the feeblest glimmer of light. ileforo the morning was far advanced, ho was able to traco fairly distinctly the goneral outllno of his prison. For tho best part of tho day he stood in the centre of tlio floor, looking up at the trap-door so far above his reach. The air was sweetest there, and the darkness the least donse,. He watched and listened hour after hour, and wondered if help would ever come. Novor in his life before had he felt so utterly holpless. Speech and action alike wore of no value. He might beat himself to death against his dungeon walls, hut it would mnke no impres sion. XIo might shout till bo was exhausted, but there was nono to hear. Tho old mill stood alone and forsaken. No 0110 passed that way ex cept by tho rarest chance, and the hope that anyono would hear Iris voice even if he cried was too remote to ho entertained. Towards evening lie woricod several hours with his pocket-kntfo trying to loosen a brick. Ho had an idea that if lio could get one brick freo, others might follow without much difficulty, and those loose bricks he might pile ono on tho top of tho other, until, standing on them, he might reach tho trap-door. But after wearing his. poe/ ket-knifo almost to tho haft, ho gave up tho at- tompt. Moreover, he was so parched with thirst and so faint with hunger Hint tlio exertion be came too great for him. Tlmt night — spite of hunger nnd thirst and cold — he slept for several hours. Slept and dreamt of iris home and his mother: dreamt, too, of Floss Gresham. and how lie wandered with her through shaded woods in tlio hot euimner-Umo, and spoko of lovo and happiness and Heaven. Ho was a little delirious when ho wolco in the morning, and talked lo himself of things that had happened years before. As tho day woro on lie grew worse. Tho agony of thirst beeamo unbearable, and bo shouted and cried ill his dis tress, and pleaded for someone to eomo and givo htm drink. Had anyono been passing tlio old mill ho or she cotlid scarcely liavo failed to hear iris cries, so sharp and piercing were they. But who wns lllioly to pa6s that way? Alas! it was entirely off tho beaten track. By Thursday lie was only semi-conscious. Ho had given over crying. He was almost too weak to moan. He sat staring with wide- open, vacant eyes into tile darkness. Ho had lost count of time, lmtl lost almost nil idea of whero ho waa or who ho was. Ills lips wcro cranked and dry, his tongue was swollen and protruded from his moutli. Ills thick, heavy breath camo and went In gasps. His hair was dishevelled, his eyes bloodshot. It was well for him that he bad got beyond tho power to think, and almost lieyond tho power to feel. And tills wns Floss Gresham's wedding day. Wlillo ho sat there glaring Into the darkness and muttering Incoherent words, in tho streets of Deeping women and girls, with a sprinkling of lads nnd young men, were hurrying awuy to St. -Mary's Church to sec tho wedding. Tlio report had got about that it wa3 to ho tho prettiest wedding of tlio season. The decorations were to be on n lavish scale, nnd Hie dresses of tlio brido nnd bridesmaids wore to bo the sen sation of the hour. Moreover, Floss Greslinm was a great favorite in all tho fashionable circles In Deciding, and also in- circles that were not i fashionable. Iionco Iter wedding attracted no ordinary amount of interest. By eleven o'clock St. Mary's Church was crowd ed to Its utmost capacity; and crowds who could not get Insldo waited in tho churchyard to see tho lirido arrive. David and his best man reached tho church early, and woro now waiting with apparent un- conceru Floss' arrival. David's unconcern, how ever, was all on tlio surface. Fortunately for Iris peaco of mind he was not an imaginative man. He never looked far afield, I-Ic felt, in a vague, undefined way, that sooner or later there would be what ho called "a buret up." He sometimes dreaded tliat such a catantroplio would come sooner than lie expected. If ho could only got the wedding over, lio would feel comparatively safe — at any rate, for a while. The proverbial slip 'twixt cup and Hp was what he dreaded must. Sllll, - whero a more imaginative in.an would havo been In a torment of apprehension, David wns only unpleasantly uncomfortable. Tie bad carefully reckoned up and duly weigh ed all possible contingencies, and, as far as iie eouid see, tlicro was no likelihood of any slip. If lie wan. not imaginative, he was cunning. He bad left nothing to chance or haphazard. As far as human foresight could go, he had safe guarded himself against any posslblo mishap. It would bo something beyond a mlraclo, ho con cluded, If anything happened to prevent tho mar- ringo now. Nevertheless, he was oppressed by a certain uneasy feeling wlrieli bo could not quito under stand. The face of Douglas Wyburn haunted him. lie knew that Dougiaa was a resourceful and a determined man, and such a man accomplished wonders sometimes. Could he havo seen Douglas, however, at that moment, he would not havo alarmed himself at anything ho might do. A few minutes later all Ills misgivings vanish ed. There was a simultaneous movement all over tho church. Tlio hum of whispered con versation suddenly ceased. All eyes were turned in tho same direction, and Floss, lovely as the (lawn, walked firmly up the aisle leaning upon her guardian's arm. (To bo continued.) 