THEY WALK THE NIGHT. I THE GIANT GHOST OF BENTON. 1 The numberless superstitions which beset humanity in the past are almost cone, mid with rapid stridos the world becomes daily more matter of fact. Still, it continues to see ghosts and to believe in tliem. its habit nowadays is to want to put its hands on things, to know by touch aB well as sight that tho things are there before ib believes, but nevertheless ghosts move here and there in the throngs, and intelligent people are convinced that they are actually super natural visitors. A case in point is Lhe Benton ghost, which is attracting much attention. A farmer named John W. French and his wife were the first to see the apparition, 'l'hoy live in the country near Benton, and wore driving homo one night from a neigh hour's. The road passed an old church, moss covered and surrounded by a grave yard, overgrown with shiubbery und filled with the bones of hundreds who once tilled ' the soil in the locality. Ten years ago an aged man who lived alone not far from the old ohurch and visited the graveyard almost daily to pray over the resting place of some | relative, was foully murdered for the store of gold he was supposed to have hidden j about his hermit abode. The robbers and murderers escaped justice, and the luckless j greybearcl was buried in the graveyard where he spont so much time. Just as French and his wife drew within sight of the white headstones in the churchyard the hort-oa reared back on their haunches and snorted in terror. French was alarmed, and, suspecting highwaymen had been scented by the horBes he reached for a gun, but before his hand touched it he was startled by a scream from his wife. Clutch ing his arm, she pointed straight ahead and gasped : ' Look, John. Look 1 ' Far down the road, juet beside the glim- ' mering monuments of the old graveyard, he sow an apparition. It was that of a man ' with a long white beard sweeping over his: breast. The figure appeared to be eight feet in height, and in one hand it carried a club, such a3 the brains of the old man had 1 been beaten out with ten years before. i Slowly raising one arm, the ghost with a majestic sweep beckoned French to come J on. He was coo startled to do anything excepi try r,o restrain the prancing horeee, which were straining at the hurness in at tempts to break away and run. A cold sweat started out all over the body of tho farme r as he realised that he was at last looking at a ghost, and then'the sound of his wife's voioe came to him, begging him to return the wav they had come and escape the doom whioh seemed impending. French was still too much scared and excited to control the horses, and as he guzed stead fastly at bhe fearful white object in the road it slowly began to move toward them. The club was now raised to its shoulder. ai a soldier carries a rifle, and it seemed to move forward without touching the ground, like a winged thing. Then the farmer recovered bis faculties. Whirling his team around, he lashed the ' horses into a run and set out for the house , of the friend he had just left. When they arrived there, both the man and his wife I were almost fainting from fright. j The next man to see the ghost was Mil- ' ton Moon. He had the reputation for being not only a man of intelligence, but one without fear. His experience was much the , same as that of the Frenches, and it brought about several investigations by parties of people. J.n each case they 3aw and were convinced of . the actual presence of the ghost without being able to discover any satisfactory explanation. An intoi eating American ghosb is that whioh is said to dwell in the Forbes manor house atBatti-on-the-Hudson, near Albany. One night about thirty years ago the manor house was the blazing scene of a social gathering, jjist what out of the ordinary happened that oighb nobody in Bath knows. But something did happen, tor everybody in Bath says so. At any rate, ib was a gala night, but the next morning all the servants excepting four faithful ones, who hod been with the family for many years, were diB chuiged, and shortly after breakfast all the members of the family left the manor house in carriages. No good-byes were said. Behind them they left their beautiful home as it had been the. day before. On the mantels and dressers j* ore the pictures of friends ; in the bureaus and lockers and chests were their clothes ; on the desks their letters and papers. Trinkets lay on the tables forgotten. The doors were locked, the curtainB pulled down, and the house closed for all lime. A mun in black iB said to walk that house every night, mumbling and moaning as he pusses up and down the broad stairway. Snores of people assert that they have heard him, and a fewsay that they have seen him. Ono of the latter describes him as follows : His hair was long and curly and parted ou the aide, his eyes were bright, his features | clearly cut, and his face pale. He was { smooth shaven, and wore a high standing ! collar/ and a black bow and stock. Ho was j in evening dress and wore no jewellery ex- ! cept a gold fob. For a moment he ceaaed { mumbling, and then began mouning und j walked away. He passed the door, walk- j ing toward the stairway. The ghoat hunter , tiptoed to the door and watched him aBcend , the stairway till he was half-way to the top, when he slopped as though he had encoun- 1 tered another person. Ho raised his hands ; appealingly, and fell backward with a j shriek that rang throughout the house and | vac answered by the .echoes. His heiid : Rtruck a marble step, and thinking he had - been injured the watcher rushed to the j spot. He saw nothing. The history of this ghost is tightly lockod | with the family, who now live in the old ! JTorbea mansion, New York. Paul Simeon 1 Forbes purchased the manor house in 1850 from the Van Rensselaers, with. 900 ocres of ; land. He paid 93,000 dollars for 't, which was considerably less than the cost of the house, the land being practically thrown in. i The manor house is now the property of a 1 Boston man, Nathaniel Stone. ! The ancient houses of England have al ways been favourite haunts of ghosts. Sussex, which, of all the English counties, has retained its old characteristics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in tho eyes of the rustics of that little viBited district, which was once the centre of England's iron industry. There is the headless man of St. Leonard's foresb, known as Squire Paulett, who jumps upon the crupper of. a horseman ontering the foresb and remains there until olear of it. ?There is the drummer of Hurstmonceaux. Blaok dogs, a favourite shape assumed by ghoata all over England, haunt all dark lancB and lone byroads,' and under many n J .sequestered wooden bridge a woman maj 1 be seen spinning, w hile on the old cattle road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the MarsheB, known as the Drove way. a goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night incessantly spinning charcoal. Norfolk is another county which toeros with ghosts. There is a pale, long-haired woman who runs shrieking among the pits on Aylmerton Heath. There is a great black ' shuck dog —the word ' shuck ' is said to mean the devil— which has a blazing eye in the centre of his forehead, and has a brother at Peel Castle, in the IbIo of Man, the spirit of a murdered prisoner. Then yo'ing Lord L)acre,who was murdered in 1565 by his guardian, Sir Richard Ful merston, who arranged that a rocking horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a headless rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenue of Blickling Park once a year in a hearse like coach, drawn by four headless horses and driven by a headless driver, with her head in her lap, and her father, Sir Thomus, does the same thing. At C'aistor Castle there is another ccnch and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This | last rises from a pool every midday and I midnight and, with its load of four headless ' dripping white robed ladies, passes slowly I round the field and sinks again, and tradi tion says that at this spot lung ago u bridal party were upset into thid pool and never | seen again. 