INSPIRATION. (By Herbert E. Ryle, M.A., D.D., Presi dent of Queen's College, Cambridge.) For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man; but holy men o£ God spake as they were moved by the lioly Ghost.'— 2 peter i., 21. The subject of Inspiration in some of its aspects, presents the deepest difficulties with which men in the present day can be confronted in their endeavor to search in to and enquire into the dark things which eiuround so many of the questions of our Chnstiain faith. And I think it is as well tw, uie outset, so to speak, to clear away the ground, that we may not be troubled toy unnecessary presuppositions or difficul ties which, after all, are not true dinicul ties,; but only imaginary difficulties to our fu^V^11^- lt always appears to me that the subject 01 inspiration, to us who believe intensely in the message of our baviour Jesus Christ to the whole world- 1 eay it always seems to us— for I would asso ciate myself with all thoee-as if the doc trine oi inspiration represents what I may A LUXURY OK CHRISTIAN TEACHING. The word luxury' has often been de bated. But apply this term to the con sideration of Christian doctrine and of Christian subjects, and I would- ask a plain, straight, experimental question- 1 Would ask you whether it is your supposi tion that a belief in a theory of inspira ' t10,' J? necessary to a man's position as a Christian, as a. believer in what Jesus Christ has done lor him and for the whole world. Have not you and I. time alter time in our experience of life, come across simple souls, poorly educated men and women and little children, lookina upwards towards the kingdom at heaven. Who have had no deep inspiration, no pro tound learning, no theories suggested to them as to what inspiration may be: per haps have never heard the word, but they have obtained the fruits and the blessings which come to a Christian land where the Word of God is taught, where the message ol Christ is spoken to men's hearts and eouls without let or hindrance. And the good seed has found a fertile soil and has there sunk down and is bringing forth its little fruit; a very little plant, but a true plant blessed with the blessing of God's lioly Spirit. And who shall not say that that is the essential part, and that that is the necessary part of Christian life/ In view of such facts— and I think I may assi:...3 that when such examples are presented to your minds you will at once admit that they are facts— you will, 1 think, be prepared to grant with me that any precise theory upon the subject of in spiration may be regarded as a luxury of Christian thought, that it does not belong to the essentials of Christian life, that as we strive to know more, and as we are car ried on with the resistless impulse of trods Holy Spirit to learn more and to move on in that progressive desire, we are irresistibly carried on by the desire to Know something more of what that in spiration is, what it should mean to us practically as we read the books of Holv benpture. J NO INSPIRATION WITHOUT A GOD And there is another point I would like to clear out of the way, and it may be a very obvious and evident one, 'but perhaps the obvious and evident things need very often to be repeated upon a Butoject about which I2iere lias been con troversy and difficulty. It seems to me it'hat it as impossible for us to speak of inspiration when we are dealing witih those who have no belief in God. A man who does not 'believe uuGod is not one who can at all understand \\-r appreciate the posi tion of the Christian, when Ihe says that thas word which is contained in the books of Scripture has come to -me from God. Ji the person with whom you are discus sing does not believe in a Go'd, it is quite clear that the Christian hypothesis does 110 1 exist for 'his mind; in other words, that tihe belief in an inspiration is a hdiel which belongs to a. Christian in dealing with his fellow Christians, but it can have no conclusive cogency for any one who ?'? disbelieves in the existence of a' God. And further, and it is a corollary of that which I have just spoken — in order to believe at all in inspiration you must believe not only an a God, but believe in a God vtho wiil reveal HihnseM unto mankind. There are, , we know, those who do believe in tike exis tence of a personal God, but ntfh'o are not able to 'believe t'ha:t He can possflbly re veal Himself in any sort of way unto man bind. They believe in a Being who lives in an infinitely remote sphere; so remote, so infinitely remote in His unapproach able majesty, that dt is inconceivable that He can communicate With t'he little deni zens of this little pla.net of a litMe sun. But we believe in- a Gdd, and we believe in a God who oan reveal Himself and make knolwn 'His love and His wall unto man kind; and 'having that two-fold belief we can go on foota that. That is the founda tion upon whidi we take our stand to con TSider ihe subject of inspiration. INSPIRATION IN OTHER RELIGIONS. ? Now, I suppose i'f any of you have ever met a Mo&amlmedaii;, you tvaU Ihave met a man who believed in a God, -who believed also in a God who would reveafl Himself; tand you would 'have met a man who also (believed tihat He Jiad revealed Himself in a sacred book yiMdh he regarded as in .. ' spired— the Koran, the sacred book, the .''Xi Bible of the '?Mohammedan: ?tike Mo'hiazn %viineldan toelieves.it ds inspired; that it does .. yC ---convey to him a. message from God, itilhafc it : :-.-- ;.., ?.?j^ydoSs mark out -for ihim ihe w^.01 life ' ; '? ? '^Ti'^'V £-f ?? .; - ?-. . '' - ?? ':' ?'*.' '??' ?.-.??'?: .';?-.-''. ''' ?'.' -A'p?.$F*-\ '.V- ? ''- '.'.-?*?' ?.'?'.;? . '????.? ??-: ''??'?..,/''.? .'-:- ?'?'.:?'''?'.'? i His .belitef'; *^S)hoerning' &e; : -^Mej :;l;And :^tiie Pei&iTlia9M;,fflMlar$eiM .in jhns^tnue and : lie inegarda ifliem. . aajfetdng ..Sbfeen jsoin-J mulcted ffritiHiii cri.llughj he'.iiffl^ifi^in aa being inspired. Tieipirul, and. & ralessing to (him in 'his religious life.' .I$..TB-*p'64ii' then, that a belief. in inspiration as a ^op trine is one which the Christian possesses, but of w3iioh the Dhristian.iB not a'tonse the possessor. ^Dhose t#o' follow «ther reli gions in As&ich; a Aural -book has an iinpor ? tfahfc place, they, too, %a.ye~ their &elieS;: ii- an dnspiration; and it is impossible for us with fairness and with cankiorr and with e/harity, to discuss or. 'to take into consi deration this subject of inspiration with out including wiifihin our view those of a different cred. ' You and I believe in the Holy Spirit; the 'belief in the Holy Spirit 'belongs to our creed. We repeat it titae after time. We-lbelieve in the Holy Ghost whose power Ihas foeen present upon it'he world ever - since mankind has been sent upon tikis earth. God breathed into mankind of His ISpirit and with the breatfh ol God. Wherever there lias been conscience, wherever there has been a de sire to move upwards instead of dragging downiwards towards the beasts that perish, 'there ihas been the working and prompc ?ing of the Holy Spiiut— it may lie on a very little scale-ythere has been a work of inspiration going on in the heart and .soul and will of' man. And if in tine case of men generally, then let us ibe generou3 and fair arid outspoken, and not afraid to admit that Wherever any religion lias had a pilace upon t!he surface of this globe, be it Mo'haimniedan or Persian or Greek, or give it any otiher name where men have gathered together joined by one religious purpose: wherever there has 'been aught of nobility and purity, and goodness and self-denial, there the Holy Spirit has been 'speaking to, and striving witik,* the hearts ol£ men, leading them up from low things to 'higher tMngs, pointing them in the direction of tthat w'hich they could not see because it was hidden by the mists of fihis earth, (but pointing in the same direction in which the Chriistian looks. The mists ^have disappeared, and the veil has been removed, and to our minds, and to our hearts, has been dis closed tbe manifestation of God in the Person of Jesus Christ. So, then, I start with the assumption that there is the Holy Spirit present and working with mankind in the world, that that power and presence of the Holy Spirit is frankly to be admitted where there is thought of God, and of the elevat ing character in the religions of other countries of the world, but in far higher degree, and the only degree approaching unto perfection in that religion by which we are bound together in the service of the same Father, through the revelation of His life in Jesus Christ our Lord. INSPIBAT10N OP THE BIBLE. But what of inspiration when it is the inspiration under whose influence we come in reading the books that are con tained in Holy Scripture? A man will tell you he reads his Bible because it is inspired. Beware of using phrases that you do not really think. If you say that the xjioie is inspired, be careful to say that it is inspired because to you it is inspired because it does contain to your hearts a breathing of the Holy Spirit, a true mes sage from on high, a message which leadf. you unto the foct of -your Suvioiir TT^loarf. that Bibie which you call insnirdu -^s unto you a message from God, what is tin worth of your inspiration, but a mere phrase by which you may drug your soul? 1 say again, if inspiration is indeed a truth to you, if in reading the books of Iloly Scripture they are a source of blessing, a comfort, a help, a sustaining power, a guide, a direction, an elevating means by which in your prayers and in your desire to approach God you are given greatei means of access, then indeed the books of Holy Scripture are to you inspired from on high. But if inspiration is but a mere name, if it is but a mere label for a doc trine, what, I say, is the worth of in spiration to yourself? It is but a hypocrisy and a lie unto your soul. Take heed, then, in speaking for, in ^leading for, in witnessing for the inspiration of the Books of Scripture, you witness to the truth which is in your heart, not merely an obstacle, and an hypocrisy to your soul. CRITICISM AND INSPIRATION. We are well aware that these days are days of difficulty, in which many souls, on' account of the additional research and minute investigation that is applied by scholars to the Books of Holy Scrintures. and the very term of what is called criticism has become a bugbear and a danger and a difficulty unto many earnest, humble, God-seeking souls. I. will use an illustration in dealing with this difficulty. I ' will assume that we have among us some young medical student, whose work it is to investigate during his period of probation and of discipline and of preparation before he is launched upon that great and blessed career as a medical man, until he becomes permitted to join that great band of noble men to whom our generation and our coun try is so continually beholden — investigate very narrowly add very minutely, and with scrupulous care, every little atom, every little fibre; every little bone, every little blood vessel, every little capillary, every little particle in the skin, in t3ie bone, in the fibres, in t'he nerves of t'he human body. So that when he goes forth to do his work, should any accident arise, should some subtle disease overtake one of his pa tients, he should in a moment be able to say what part of the body is affected; what is to be found here, what is to be found there, what is the lie of the bone, what is the direction of the muscle, what is the indication of the nerve, and bo on. That is the work which is required by the student when he investi gates the human body by means of dissec tion; it is the work of the anatomist. Now, ?my friends, I wish you to compare in your minds the work of the student-anatomist -md teacher-anatomist wi'tfh the work of the student-scholar and the teacher-scholar in dealing with the Books of Holy Scrip ture. We want truth, absolute. truth, to investigate in dealing with the Books of Holy Scripture— every word, every sen tence—to investigate ruthlessly, to see how the book was formed if possible; to dis cover its date if possible; its author, if pos sible, under what influences it took its shape; to investigate, to anatomise its structure, its ?whole character. But when your student-friend was investigating the body it was a dead body, he could not point with his forceps, and say. 'See, here, I have got life.' That is beyond the powers of either the anatomist student of tie ana tomist teacher. And the scholar who goes to work with his power of language, with his power of literature, with hie capacity for analysis and comparison, be will teil vou how the book was. formed, of what dif ferent portions, from what different dates, what was the name of the writer, to what' century' lie belonged,* to what class of In fluences 'he. was exposed. Bulfc.jie cannot take : anything between hie pen aind his \- :.„?'?'':?'? 'i.--.' ;?'?? -*'\ '?''''''?-. ;'??,'?'?'.- ?! ^^j^feSA'r'-^vV^1'.1^ '? ;flp.:^i^^''«l^J*fe-i^tefe$v'M':'^pnr,: .^etirt^d^n^uir^oiilj tMt;^^'#oW*r; fit is 'the imspiraition, $hait'-iB ^Sie 'gift ,S-r ; Holy Spirit that penetrates the books vntj/tihe VMf iBtrani $M 'makes them :wte% .thjby : are *o youi inspired -^I^pa.j 'It is comparable i.only ttTihbiife which is^ the 'W|l|^^'of''jbmn;''ltlie^1if£-''yrliiic3i' is: given by God; a life wmc^ you cannot define, a life Whioh the anatomist cannot discover, -which defies all his researches. ? He may, I say, identify every portion «jq£, the bo^ but he cannot show you ufje^.;*»WeT'ifeei lifjj, and 'we know^that- it- is just as 'true., inlthe littje,. finger as it is in the brainj as, strdn'g in the lobe of the ear as ' in the armor leg. It runs: Iflirough 'the- whole human ^body; and that is the gift of God. And so it is with the books of Scrip ture, if you admit that tihe power of God isihere; that .tihey are the gift of God's Holy Spirit, and that' it is speaking to your hearts; that it has sppken to nineteen cen tnjies of. Christendom, and has been to them a Wordcof God for. their Salvation. Still man has never been able to identify it and say 'There is the Holy Spirit: there is the work, the thing— Inspiration. No: it has defied the researches of men jn all centuries, and it will defy scholars to the end of the world. But it will always be there, the power, the gift of the Holy Spirit. No age of the Church has attemp ted to define inspiration, or attempted to lay it with any success upon the con sciences of believers. Thank God we can1 fall back upon that one great overwhel ming thought that it is the Word of God to our hearts, that it is there, that it Bias been proved, that it has. not been wanting. -.And: there let us -let. it'be. We cannot define it in words; it is the gift of the 'Holy Spirit, dt is the life. of Scripture, it- wit- nesses to all, and.it makes the Bible, what the Bible is to. us.- If it is not unto, you inspired, then do not pretend to an in spiration which you cannot recognise. . DEFECTIVE MORALITY. . ? There are ? one or bwo questions that remain still, which I am sure are present to your minds. You will ask me perhaps, 'What about the inspiration of such pas sages as we come across with such great frequency, with very considerable frequency in the Ola Testament, passages from which your minds shrink because they deal either with unedifying details or with tales and stones in wnich the morality is repuiBive 10 your conscience?' Take, for example, lonjj lists of names as you find in the Books of Chronicles, long descriptions sudb.a.styou find, descriptions of the structure of the Taber nacle, or tales and stories dealing with uncleanness from which our sense of purit3r shrinks, or tales of bloodthirsty savagery from which our Christian minds turn in horror. It is perfectly true, and it would be a lie for us to say that that is morality which we can approve of because it is in the Scripture. The morality from which our consciences turn because it is impure, or because it is savage, or because it Is lustful, is morality that you and I will condemn whether we find it in the pages of Scripture, or whether we read it in the columns of a newspaper. Our blessed Lord spoke of the Holy Scriptures as testifying to Himself, and our Lord speaks of Holy Scripture as containing all things necessary to salvation; as needful for us, as that to which we should continually go. But nei ther our Lord nor the Apostles attempted to represent the Old Testament Scriptures as being perfect or mialiible ~.=r gw-ifcS' of morality and of spiritual teaching^ You will remember that our Lord in His teaching in the Sermon on the Mount says, time after time — 'Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time.' That was one level of morality. 'But I say unto you,' He says, and He gives them a ligher level of morality. If you advance from one level of morality to a higher level of morality, will ' you say that the lower level of morality is perfect? You cannot. It is imperfect. It may have been perfect at the time, but time has gone on, resistless in its move ment of progress and improvement, and time has brought you unto the revelation of Jesus Christ. And He points back to the old days, and says that the men of old time witnessed for God according to their light, but I give you the perfect light, the only true light that has come down from above; and by comparison of that light with the light to which the men of old time, the oid saints testified, the old light was a very poor and imperfect light. So, then, in things of morality, we. may be ready to recognise that the inspiration which governed the men who spoke through the Scriptures of the Old Testament was imperfect by comparison with the morality which we have received through the revelation of Jesus Christ and through the teaching of His holy apostles. So also with spiritual things. Can you find in the Books of the *Old Testament, for instance, a full and perfect hope' of the resurrection, that hope to which we turn with joy and with comfort, that hope which leads us on in the moments of darkest despair and trouble and despon dency? It is that hope which we have received, in Jesus Christ, which was only but a faint aspiration in -the minds of the saints of the Old Testament. It is with spiritual matters as it is with moral matters; we have gone on from a lower level to a higher level. DEGREES OF ILLUMINATION. There are clearly, then, degrees of illumination in the Holy Scriptures; the illumination of the old time, and the il lumination of the time and of the era of Jesus Christ our Lord. In Him only is the perfection of Light; in Him only is the perfection of Inspiration, for in Him only is the full revelation of God the Father of Love. So; then, we may recognise that inspira tion has its degress, and apparently its measures of fulness. And practically do you not recognise that in quite a different way in your endeavors to read Scripture to. yourselves? Does any one of you, for instance, regard, we will say, the second Epistle of St. Peter, from which I have taken my text, with the same feeling6 of love as the Gospel according to St. John? Have you not, all of you, realised that one book differethfrom another book in beauty and in power, just as one s£ar differetji from another star in beauty and in bright ness? And have you not realised that the writings of a prophet like Isaiah, or the writings which are to be found in the Psalms, or the teachings of the Book of i Genesis, are far more valuable to our own lives and experiences than such abook as Ezra or the Book of Chronicles, or -one or two of the Minor Prophets? Do you not recognise a difference of . the character of inspiration, some like to call it degrees of inspiration ? I do not know whether a term like that is any source of help to us, But we may recognise that there is a dif ferent power arising from the character of the contents of .a'bpok which may or may not be equally ; inspired with another book. I can recognise ±ftat, the life- of the -Spirit may be found. lii^ilie, humble things as well ;ag in thejjwati^ngs of life, and; that ;he man who^i^e'jiijE complete obscurity, livlng^n ;;a h^^VMfciyitli-iJroa, '. Hyp* «?£?;- wwerfiu^Bamt''' thiLpliaS 3liake^5pnt&tenif; dom,^ -rflis work ,1$ ?Binall,:^ftiiid ?'it'JB^tob^i scure; but' the iSpirit of nGod will Animate ifinl- in She r^me~^ay -as #1 $nana^ I&iig; man »f ' greai abllify^ owtebj' lteWitpp{fcr-.' tunities, nas greater 'occasions and means of influencing men'4 minds. So it is with, the 'bdofee of mTy^enbture. JThe Holy Spirit may run through each and all of tEem; ;«ach'-has*its'.own functioh'tp per form, in connection '?rath .a great 'era in , rfiyelajbio»,.,Wffch the great ..requirements of thevHoly Spirit-^ijifardq mankind. Each may. be, :fchen, inspirea. but th^y^will have a very' different 'function and a very 'flif-1 ferent work and influence over the minds and souls of mankind. ?-^-.-?' ?* ''-??? ??????. 