CHAPTER III. The more dashing spirits usually assem bled In force at the bar of the "Goat" on Saturday evening, because the Day of Rest enabled them to recover from the strain aud. fatigue of tholr one weekly excitement. Sir. Still sat lu his usual place by the door, next to liurxensuuw, tuo sexton. Mr. I'yke, who kept the sndler's shop, and who was looked up to ns a man of broader views nnd nn au thority on matters of sport, monopolised the arm chair on the right baud side, vhllst other prominent Inhabitants lounged before the bar at convenient poluts, and In conveni ent poses. The nlr wits pungent with the odor of sling tobacco, saturated with the mawkish sweetness of beer and penetrated by tbe smell of pnrnflln. Tbe evening wns sultry, and the men were In their shirt sleeves. "That were a largish party over from Bay- port to-day," I'yke observed to the laud- lord. . . .... "Yes, hut It doesn't mean business," said the landlord, contemptuously. "A toa-drlnk- ln' lot that- brings Its o.wn sandwiches Isn't of no account to ine.'i "AVhnt can you expect from a chary ban?" nslted Still, contemptuously, whoy resented vehicular Innovations.- "Because a ninn rides In one o' those Bay- port ears It don't follow! that he doesn't take his beer. I'm ngniiist : nothing that -.brings; business into the towii.-eyon It It don't come my way,'! sn|d the -saddler, who occasionally supplied n new truce when a charabanc came to grief nt'tlie bottom'of the C'nstlo Illll, dud cotilil therefore afford tit bo generous: ' . ' /'It's my opinion," said the landlord, re flectively, "that these, excursions, so long as lliey arc not 'blue ribbon,' should be encour aged. Where's there ruins like ours, I should like to know— or air for tlie matter of that? Buyport ain't in It. Yet tbey ruii trains there from London. There ain't enough life in this blessed place! Do -we, I ask, innkc the best of our attractions?- To my thliiklu' we' ought to provide amusement for the visitors." "So we did," said Burkcnslmw, whose pro- fesslon required light -gulety ns an alterna tive, "an' so I told llio vicar." "And what did he say?" nsked Still. "Well," replied Burkcnslmw, slowly, "he said, 'AViiy don't you ask the Salvation Army to come? TUcy'lfitmuso you!' " "We don't want nonc.o' thnt nonsense," Buld the landlord, ajpprclionslvely. "They'd be for trying to shut up the 'Gout' like they did the 'Jolly Snllors' at Bayport." But whilst they were discussing the spirited canipnlgn that had lately vexed tl neighboring watering place, a stranger step, ped in from the gloom of the street and ad vanced to the bar. "Give mo religion," the landlord was say ing with cmphnsls, "but don't give me no tyranny." He stopped and looked at the new comer as If looking for nu order. "Certainly," said the latter. "Up with re ligion aud down with tyranny." 'The uinu's voice und gait harmonised 111 with his blue jersey, peaked cap and loose serge trousers. "It seems," he continued, "that. I have ar rived here In the midst of au Interesting theological discussion." "Wo were talking of tlie Salvation Army, mate," said a brawny qunrryninii. "Indeed!" said the stranger. "A most In teresting religious revival, no doubt. Uufor- tuuntcly I have been abroad and hud no op portunity of profiting by tills popular form of piety. Are you a captain In the blessed bnnd, landlord?" "A captnln. Indeed!" said the other, Indig nantly. "Not me. But what did you or der?" . . The landlord perceived the mockery in tlie stranger's voice aud resented It. ."Whisky, please.'"- The stranger slightly diluted It with water and then draiucd his glass. Thou he glaueod round the bar at the group slloutlj watching him. "You're a queer sort o' sailor, said the landlord, unable to recover from his auuoy- ance. ... "I am. Your perceptions do you credit.. Evc-ry sou of a hccr-swllllng gun In this bar | ought to stund up nnd tuke off IiIb cap to me. It Is only owing to the clemency of my 'forefathers that any of you are here. ' I "AVliy, what do you mean?" suld tbe lnnd- 'lord. I - "My ancestors had slinply to hung yours and the thing would have been done." I ' "Go along!" retorted the luudlord, turning his back on the stranger, "I like to hear a man talk sense, I do." "Our host has no Imagination," said tho stranger, turning to Still, who was sucking his cxtinet pipe In astonishment. "Perhaps he. has never heard . how a hot-blooded an cestor of mine hung a rash citizen of this ancient town on Hubert's Tower as nn ob ject lesson to the neighborhood not to thwart n AVarloelc. Wo were, and I may say still are, a remarkable family." "You'd better talk to the A'icar," said Burkcnslmw, breaking tho silence. " lie can tell you all about thnt hanging on Hubert's Tower." "I. fancy your A'loar's a poor relative of mine. AA'hnt's his name?" nsked tho stran ger, sipping his whisky and glancing round- furtively. A brown heard covered-liis tanned face, his features were regular and hand some, In spite of eyes which, sot closely to gether, gave a slulster expression to his face. - " "Wnrlock," said the sexton. "AA'arlock! Then he is a poor '."relative of mine." "You're joking, mate." said Still. "You ain't a Wnrlock. They're nil dead." "Sir Hugo AVnrlock would bo 'tuy title If extreme modesty permitted me to claim It," said the stranger. "There's another AVnrlock— a lady— lodg ing here In- the town, with her little girl;" sold Still. The innn started. "A friend of tlie Vicar's?" ho asked. 'Yes, anil of his sou; too," said i'lke, sig nificantly.. _ _ ; - - "Is the- child! about seven?" "asked the stranger. . . "A'es," said Still. ' . "AVhnt's the lady like?"- - "A most' personable young Inily; - Tall, darkish— grey eyes, white teeth; very hand-' some lady In fact. She lodges -lu the- High- street, at Evertous'." Then the stranger paid for his drink," and quickly left the liar. "A queer fish!" suld the landlord. "AVliut yon call n decayed gentletnuu, I suppose." The church clock struck the knlf-bour. The air was sultry; uinsoss oC black clouds, rolling in from the south, were slowly -swal lowing up the stars. The - town seemed breathing heavily under the weight ' of the hot darkness..-; The iieat of the night, had -brought Mr3. AVnrlock to. the window. She looked on the 111-llt street. Suddenly a voice, which (lllcd her with dread, sald; softly,: "Kale,. Kuto, come" down." Ten she kue w that what she- most-dreaded had happened,. for tho speaker ought to have been safe lu a South African prison. . The house was quiet; the Evortons'wcre in the parlor behind the shop. Passing Into the bedroom where the .child was qulelly slumbering, she took.a bnt which lay oil the' bed, aud went softly. Into the street by the private door, of which she had the key. In his sailor dress; bearded, hnggnrd' and: bronzed,- she scarcely recognised In the fugi tive licr husband, Hugh AA'nrluck, whom she had not seen for six years! - ' ' ' y "We cannot talk here," she said. Side by side tliey walked down the quiet st reet, and passed Into the glooui of I lie castle grounds, where the - darkness swal lowed up their figures. - "How did you get here?" she asked. / "Well, you see I grew tired of my profes sional labors at' the Cnpo," be suld, "and took ship home for a change,". "You escaped?" "Well, yes. One dark night, when (hey were shifting gangs, It occurred to me to brnln the warder with his own carbine.' I found my way down to the quay, where a Kaffir boy gave inc. some old clothes. I managed to hide myself lu the hold of an ocean tramp then getting up steam. In due time I nppenred on deck, and tbe captain had the good sense to allow me to work my passage home under the unpreteudiug nniue of Brown. But somehow or oilier the police have been given n clue, and (here is a war rant out for the arrest of poor Brown who landed at Southampton on Wednesday from the Storm Queen. But after a change of clothes and a shave, there la no reason why the aforesaid Brown should not vanish Into thin air, ns the ghosts used to In the classic studies of my boyhood." Tlie woinnu loathed him, hut could not hand over her child's father to the police aud probnbly to the gallows. "You don't seem glad to see me, Kate," lie said, after a pause. "It would have been far hotter for us both had you died In Africa," she said. "Suicide's In tlie family," he answered, "but I've no taste for It, however convenient It might he to you; so you see I've turned up, like the villain lu a melodriimn. As usual,' the villain wants money. Vou must let me have some. The ill-used wife, you know, al ways plays a generous part as a counterfoil. A'irtue balances A'lce. I'm sure you won't spoil tho" picture. Ten pounds might enable ntc to be. off to America, where uty family- need hear no more of me." "I will give yon the money If you will go away." "Thanks, Kate; I should like It at once." "Stay here; I will fetch It." "A moment. How Is our daughter?" "She Is well. She thinks her fattier died before she was horn.'.' "I suppose you Intend to keep up the Ac tion. AVhat brought you here?" "A morbid curiosity to bod the place where your terrible family took Us rootB." "That's a coincidence; a somewhat similar Impulse brought me. . Perhaps, the know ledge that the parson here is a remote cousla who might he willing to save a noble kins man from the hangman, muy also have been an Inducement. But now, Kate, it you will get rac the little lonn you ktndly offered I'll make another virtuous start la life." Pale with terror; sick with anxiety, she left him under the shadow of the thick bushes, nnd hurried back to tier rooms. In the passage the Iabdludy met her Id some ex citement. "Rodgcrs, the policeman, has been here, ma'am, to inquire whether we've seen any thing of a sailor uinn named Browu. There Is a warrant out for his arrest. Someone answering lils description was down at the "Gont" linlt nn hour ago. ne called himself IVnrlock, and asked nbout you and the Vicar. I said we hadn't seen no Bailor man, so Ro gers went off to mnko inquiries at the vicar- age." , It was fortunately too dark for Mrs. Evor- ton to see the agitation on her lodger's face. "I will consult them at the vicarage," she said. Then she ran upstairs, took some money from her writing ease, and hurried back to the silent space filled by the Ihtense darkness, that rustled, ns It seemed to her, with strange horrors. The masses of black sulphurous clouds seemed to be supported by the dim outline of Hubert's Tower. Tho hot fitful breeze stirred the parched loaves. Far away, ou tlie southern horizon, gleams of sheet lightning and the rumble of remote thunder heralded the storm. Hugh AVarlock stood under tho bushes at the base of the ominous tower,, nnd heard of tlie search that was being made for him with perfect coolness. V-Yop must get ine a change! of clothes to night,'.'. be said. - "It's the only chance; meanwhile I can hide here among the ruins. Tliere's no time to lose. Dressed decently, lu London or Liverpool. I shall be safe." Kale AA'nrlook's senses seemed edged with pain. Ruin and disgrace pressed her In on every side. Iter one hope wns with her friends In the vicarage, whose gnrden gate opened oil to the castle grounds. "Wnlt here,"- she said. . ..Then she groped her way to tho path which a privet hedge thick nnd high shut in on every side. At tlie further cud the lights from the open Frcuch window of the drnwhigrooin fell with a comforting gleam ou the -black yew tree.- She advanced Into tbe bright circle wlicncc slie' could see tho vlenr nnd Ids- son in enmost conversation. Hearing her timid,- faltering step on the grarcl,. tliey turned-and saw licr, nnd then with an effort she slcpped Into the lamp-Ht room. "I have come to consult you," slie said, turning to the vicar.- "I "am In great trouble. TBo man they seek Is liiy husband, Hugh AA'arlock, and your cousin. ; I was 10 when I met him In Rome, lie bad-been cattle ranch- . Ing lit '.-America. Like a blind,' Infatuated fool, I insisted on marrying hhii ngnliisFthe wishes of my friends. A year afterwards I learnt that he had already a wife In Ame rica. I left him, hut not before he had spent nearly all niy liionoy. Then be went out to South Africa and enlisted in a police corps -under: an "assumed name. But lid was ox- - polled for -.Insubordination,' and at lust, was , -sentenced to 10 years'' penal, servitude -for dealing In stoleii.;dIambuds. ..'But .'about six weeks ago he 'murdered lils guard and es caped. He Is ii'ow hiding In tlie ruins." The -agitated. -woman told her story -In : breathless haste. - : - ' "I thought oui-'wretclied kinsman died at the Cape," said: the. vicar, dlaaiay and won der -flndliig. expression on every line of his wrinkled -fiicm., All his genealogical enthusi asm had viinished under this wave of crime and scandal. f - .. "Everyone thought, so : but myself," salo the young woman. "But lie tortured rac with - Hie truth." , 1 "Justice must .take. Its course/' said the vlenr, fludlug no help In his philosophy. .- It seemed to hhn that, this Inst direct heir of the AViirlocks, Inherited all the criminal- propensities of his ancestors; As a psycho- ', loglcul problem It might he Interesting, but as. a perkoiiui fact It became tragic., But his son Interposed, ' " ' . "This Is no innttor "for you to deal with, sir," lie suld. "My first duty Is to you." And he took the trembling hnnd of the. wo man. "I will go nnd see- him with you.. Something eun be done." "Do whatever you like," sold the per turbed nutlqunry,' "so long ns I don't know." The old man was evidently Incapable of ac tion. "Coine," said the young soldier. Then the two stepped from tho cheerful room Into the Inky darkness. Neither spoke, but the woiiian clung to his arm. It seemed as If there were a drend pause hi tlie sullen brewagc of the night. Even tlie gleams of Hghtiilag on tho horizon had ceased. Earth and nlr were preparing for some tremendous effort. The threat was whispered In the ghostly noises of the bluck trees and the hlssiug rustic of the parched foliage. But suddenly, ns tliey moved over the un even ground, the pent-up storm hurst with n terrific crash. Hubert's Tower oil the hill seemed the centre of the roar ami terror. Every zig-zag llnsli of blinding white light revealed the figure of llugli AA'arlock stand ing on the spot which tradition said fratri cide liad stained - with blood. Lightning flooded the sky, while some force withheld the benign rain. It was a storm that haunts the memory with supernatural terrors. The young soldier nnd lils terror- stricken companion found Bhelter under n crumbling archway. The woman clung to lilin In tlie Intensity of her terror, whilst every fierce deluge of light revealed the sordid figure of the fugitive shrinking under tbe frag ments of musoury at the base of Hubert's Tower. But suddeuly there came a momentary pause. A11 was durk and silent; the air smelt sulphurous. The woman hid her face on the young soldier's' breast. "Tuke 11IC away," slie cried, . .' "Tuke uc away; it is too awful." But as she spoke n red ball of fire seemed to strike the summit of Hubert's Tower, and tlicu, bursting, bathed It la a torrent of llaine. Tlie gnuut ruin swayed a moment, then fell- with a dull roar ot grinding and sundered masonry. Once more the thick darkness descended, acrid with nuclent dust, which the rush of the rulu cleared from the air and brought a sense of safety to the ap palled town. When the next flash cut the darkness Hu bert Warlock knew that the tower had fallen, and that beneath the mns9 of shape less ruin his cousin's body was hurled. But bis companion lay In his arms unconscious. 'At last, when the fury of the storm was spent, Hubert Warlock led her back to the .vicarage, where slowly her strength and courngc returned. When the following day dawned wet and chill the countryside came and wondered at the catastrophe which had altered the an cient aspect of the landscape. The vicar thought much of "the Inscrutable ways of I'rovldcnce," but snld little. Two days after the historic storm Everton announced at the bar of the Goat thnt his lodgers had left that morning. The little grey town wondered whither, but only the vicar's son knew, and he kept the secret. In the autumn he followed Kate Warlock to Florence. But when the vicar heard that these two, thrown so tragically together, were to be married, lie winced at flrst uneasily, but after a moment's reflection, acquiesced gently. "For," lie reflected, "Hubert may atone for the wrongs of his cousin Hugh. 'After all, there Is a Providence In these things." The vicar's "History of the Itlse and Fall of the Warlocks" is expected to be Issued shortly. It has been delayed owing to the difficulty presented by the last chapter, The End. ; , 