The Source of Cancer. IS IT REALLY INCREASING? Within recent years, says the Daily Chronicle, the scourge of cancer is popu larly supposed to have increased in this coun try. This point is the text of a dis- cation aiming medical men, which fills the new number of their recognised montldy magazine, the Practitioner. Dr. News holme, Hie medical officer )pf health for Brighton, lias studied cancer from the actuarial, as well os the medical standpoint. This is what he says ns to the amount of cancer in England and Wales :—“In the five years 1891-95, cancer was responsible for an annual registered mortality of 712, and in 1396 of 764, to every million of the popula tion. Cancer causes about 6 per cent, of the total deaths registered among males at ages over 4o, and over 7 per cent, of the total deaths registered among females at ages over 43. Were the real facts known it would be found that- the number of deaths due to cancer is even greater than these figures indicate.” Dr. Newsholmc goes into statistics as to the local distribution of cancer and its mor tality according to occupation. The theory that excessive nervous strain and anxious work provoke cancer docs not receive support in the fact that the com parative mortality figure for medical men is only 43, while it is as high as 70 for brewers. Chimney sweejis occupy a supremely high position in mortality from cancer. It would 1 appear that the irritating effect of the pro duct of imperfect combustions. of coal is much more prone to bring out cancerous ac tivity than the manipulation of crude coal, though coal heavers have a somewhat high proportional amount of cancer. The law cancerous figure for coal miners indicates that they enjoy a comparative im munity from cancer, as well as from phthi sis. He asks: “Gan it be that we have to look to intemperate habits as being a main fac tor at work, rather than the particular oc cupation?” Next, has there been any real increase of cancer mortality? His answer is that it is more apparent than real, being due to more accurate diagnosis and bt'Jcr registration. -Mr. Plimmer, pathologist to St 'buy's Hospital, records the results of ox. ..e in vestigations which he has mad' !_• .-..ference to cancer. These have led 1 ’ io the con clusion that cancer is due to ; .u-asitc. Dur ing the past six years he T- . .r.inccl microsco pically 1278 cancers. 11 found parasite nod ics in 1130. The foi'c-’. jog is remarkable “From the last <A li.ese cases which have come into my I v <!s I was able to isolate an organism vrh'eh in certain animals was able !o cans/ death, with the production of tumors in \arious parts. The cance; fn.;i which this organism was isolated was taken from tl r- breast of a woman aged 35. li bad a history of only two months’ duration, and it was growing rapidly at the time of the operation.” We have all heard of the ghost-haunted houses ; but surely there is a new terror in the idea of cancer-haunted houses. Mr. D’Arcy Power contributes some curious ob servations as to the predilection of cancer for particular places, and even for certain houses. Here is a case ;—“Miss B ag ed 45, lived in a certain house in a suburb of London for 13 years, and died of cancer of the stomach in 1884, Miss T , aged 47, next occupied her bedroom. She ha i IHcd in the house for 20 years, and died of cancer of the liver in October, 1885. Mrs. —? oged 67, who had lived in the house for eightyeurs, succeeded tc the place and to the bedroom successively occupied by Miss B and by Miss T . Mrs. J died o. cancer in 1893. Mr. D’Arcy Power cannot help thinking that such cases raise a strong presumption in favor of cancer being an infective disease ti which some are much more susceptible limn others. Locality seems to be a pre d< min ant factor, and he does not put great .dress on a given room or house, or water supply. The final question is, What can ne don/ for patients suffering from cancer? Pro fessor Watson Ohtyne takes the view Ilia a ncer is at first a local, rather than a con stitutional trouble. In that view if the di s«ase is detected early and operated upon freely, the patient may be cured. The attempts to cur© cancer by other means than o] (-ration arc, he says, invariably futile. What can he done for a patient for whom nothing is possible in the way of actual cure? In other words, is it worth while living when a cancer is in full possession? Saya Professor Watson Cheyne: “In manv cases wc can still-do much to prolong'life, and, what is of much more importance to these patients, to make such period of life as remains to them much more tolerable/' That is all. Dr. Bra, the discoverer of the microbe of cancer, has been interviewed by tho Mor > ing Post Paris correspondent. Tho learned doctor was very cautious, and insisted that ■ it was too soon to speak of the' discovery of , cure. Matters had, nevertheless, he said, got so far that studies were being made in several hospitals, and favorable results had been attained, which raised hopes, but it would bo months yet before and definite an nouncoment could ho nmde. Tho bacilli of tnbcroulosio wore discovered seven years ago, but the sonim had not been found yet. It was possible) however, that cancer lymph might bo easier to find. “Whofc I have suc ceeded in doing," said Dr. Bra, “is to isolate and cultivate a parasite from cancerous tu mors, and with the result thereof to produce cancer in animals. The parasite is of the fungus family, and is ccntuinly the specific agent in cancer." Dr. Bra, who is a man of 50 years of age, has made a special study of bactorology, and ho was led almost by the force of circumstances to make his present remarkable discovery. Sonic (our years ago attempts, to find' a remedy for cancer were nmde by inoculating donkeys with a cancer ous extract in tho hope of finding a lymp. These researches failed, but ever since then Dr. Bra has continued the researches in his private laboratory, devoting himself almost, exclusively to his task. 