ON THE NORTHERN RIVERS. ? A. | THE BIG SCUUB. FROM JBANGALOW TO ALSTONVILLE. (By Ovs. Special Commissioner. ) Ix my last I briefly sketched tfhe histsry of the cedar-getters ami the brave- hearted pioneers who literally cut their way into dense jungle, nnd con quered the scrub with the pickaxe and the plough. It would be interesting to figure out the amount of money which has been expended in clearing the Big scrub and preparing the land for cultivation. It ?would run ? inta a goodly sura, indeed, and many ?who now would only get £15 per sere for their land have spent close on that sum. Not long ago it cost £2 10s for fencing alone. Now this work, owing to a simple contrivance, called % ' spriag board,' is done for 25s, and as aome of oar Southern friends may not know what 1 am talking about, I might as well as explain the vMtlus oparamli. The trees to be operated upon are vsry thick at the base, and for about ten or twelve foet up. Then they commence to taper oil, and to cut them at a rea sonable height from the ground, would take up a considerable time, some genius invented what is ealied, as 1 have said, a ' spring-board,' which con sists of a iiat board fastened with a clip at the end, like the clip of a horseshoe ; an incision is cut in the tree, and the end of the b )ard is. put in, and the clip clutches, and the board is thus secured, so that the chopper gets on it, and can cut where the tree is narrow. If necessary, he makes a second in cision and goes up higher. Some of the old hands refer to this mode of felling in a very facetious man ner. ?'Felling they call it.' said one to the writer ; ?? why they merely lop ofi the tops of the trees.' It is certainly interesting to watch them, as some are verv exnert at the work, and seem quite at home chopping away on the board a dozen or fifteen feet from the ground. But I think I left my readers in the vicinity of B.angalow. ? You have no idea, however^ what a contract you h'ave in hand when you commence to describe the Big Scrub. Teddy Boyle and the ?writer travelled all day, and as far as the eye could see there was nothing on all sides but rich cnoco late hills and valleys ; and on the second occasisn I had another fine native with me in young Buckley, a worthy son of a worthy Irishman, Dan Buckley. The father furnishes an illustration of what pluck and hard work can do, and to-day stands as one of the wealthiest men on the Richmond, although it is Baid he brought capital with him. Anyhow, he has ?worked hard, and deserves all he has got ; and I am sure the Fueeman wishes him every sueeess, for he is ene of the oldest supporters (which, without a doubt, accounts for his success). He is an honest, true son of Erin, and no man can point the finger of scorn at him, and he is bringing up his sons in the same way. It was quite refreshing to hear my young companion as we went alsng speaking so enthusiastically of the old Pkebman, and as an Australian deploring the lack of desire for reading en the part of a. good many of his fellow- Austra- lians. But if I start on this topiel do not know ?wheie I will and, and at the conclusion of the article will find I have said nothing about the Big Scrub at all. Mr, Dan Buckley has secured a good area of this magnificent land about three miles from Bangalow, and ha? given the sons their portion, ?which they are now putting improvements upon. As we passed along I coaldnot help noticing that the Scotchmen have secured a good deal of the land, and also that a party by the name of Johnson seems to be a very ubiquitous individmal. ?? Who ewne that farm ?' I asked of one place with a pretty homestead. ' Oh, his name is Johnson.' ' And. ?who is the happy possessor of that ?' indicating another place. 'Another Johnson.' 'And that ?' ' Johnson,' was again the reply. ' Great Scott,' I ejaculated, ?' does Johnson own Jh,e whole country?' It was, not, however, I found d-ut, the same man, but several of them. LAND 8XJITABLE FOE. COFFBE-GROWINS. Before going any further, let me say a word about this industry, which I found so profitable in my recent tour through the North of Queensland. I met Mr. Shelton at Bangalow, who is about secur ing some land for coffee-growing, Mr. Shelton is an old Indian planter, and he says there is no better land in the colonies, and nothing so good in India, where he had 17 years' experience, better adapted for the growing of the coffee bean. Mr. Shelton thinks there is money in coffee-growing here. The liest coffee is made in Ceylon, whieh is 409© feet above the sea level. Here we are about 27 degrees Bouth, but not so high, the difference in altitude making up for difference in latituda. A coff*e plantation also looks very nice, the trees resembling somewhat the Mango, but not so large, and are eovered with the red berries, whidi ripea into a purple. I certaintly do not believe in running to tka Government for everything. At the same time I tkink it would be a wise thing to encourage the starting of such profitable industries. Victoria has set a good example in this respecb, and has spent £70,000 in bonuses on orchards and vegetable pro duets. But where am I wandering to ? Let me see. I think we were somewhere in the vicinity of Newry bar and Brooklet, which should be the foremost dairying centre in the near future. From the hill here i« a magnificent outlook ; undulating hills rise up on all ijides, covered with cane or green grass, as far as the eye can reach they spread out, the view receding till it meets the sky-line with the ocean. And what potentialities of wealth are here when ?we contemplate the vast extent of country, every acre when cleared being worth from £12 to £25 an acre. Avoca overlooks Bangalow, and immediately areund are the Virtues, with about 200 acres of freehold and 150 acres lease, and milking about 40 cows ; J. E. Gav, from the South, dairying about the same; 'W. Keys and Edward Johnson — all hav ing good farms. I was pleased to see also that the farmers pulled well together here and have a splen did Agricultural Society, with our friend, 'E.Boyle, ICiq.,' as president (I cannot designate him 'Teddy' in huch an exalted position). But it speaks well \- for him and the liberal-mindedness of the people of this part. Although the Orangemen are in the as cendant, Mr. Boyle has been elected president four yeare in succession . The society started with 75 members, now there are over 200. They have fine showgrounds justbelow Garney's hotel, with a good exhibition hall and a ring, and are now making ad ditional improvements. The last show, I was in formed, was & great success. I can assure you they somewhat surprised me, for I did not expect to see such a live institution in the ' Scrub.' Teddy Boyle (we are now speaking of him as sn ordinary man and not as president of the Bangalow P. and A. Association) is a native of the classic city of Jamberoo. He has had a big Btrugglo here, the cane having nearly ' downed' him, but he is now getting over the hill. He has about 300 acres, and milks from 35 to 40 cows, with tho prospect of 50 or GO next summer. On the same road h M'Gettig^n Bros, with about the same herd. My readers will see what a task I have before me. t have hardly vet got out of Bangalow. We now, however, get to Noble's, who took a first and second prize fcr the best farm of 150 acres. Beyond ia F. Smith's, also a very nice farm of 200 acres; and at tha turn off at the Broaklet Factory is Martin's and Gaffney's, We then come to the Dufficva, both brothers having fine properties ; James Duflacy aspoeially, having a handsome homestead surmounting a hill, and over looking splendid country. I was unfortunate mnot meeting Mr. Duincy, who was away. Then we have the Clancy Brothers and Fredericks Brothers (the latter are well-known on the South. Coast), who are the principal showmen in the district. Under the guidance of the festive Navin my youn e; friend and I are on the road to Alstonville. We cross a very picturesque creek, and find ourselves in most delightful country, for as we slowly ascend a steep hill; on one side are beautiful banana groves growing to an abnormal height with colossal bunches pending therefrom on the otThtr side passionfruit trees line the way, and overhang covered with fruit. They are growing wild, and yet the fruit appears to be just the same as that properly cultivated. The lonely traveller can regale himself to his heart's content, Why, it almost seemed like the Garden of Eden, and I was loth to go on, for on all sides the scene was wildly roman tic ; a soft air blew through and gently swayed the broad leaves of the banana trees, below a clear, limpid stream meandered amongst the ferns and brush groves of arrowroot on one side, with a beautiful orchard built up in terraces on the side ?of the hill. Bub evening was approaching, and we had to hurry on, for our kind young friend was anxious to return, and the writer was soon left in the hos pitable hands of that well-known and popular man. Mr. Owen Daly, of Alstonville. Here I will leave my readers for the present, as I have just time to catch the mail. Since writing last article, I have seer old Mr. Jarrett, and have some blood curdling ghost stories in store for the gruesomely inclined, which will make their ' hair stand on end like the frills on the fretful porcupine.' KILLEEVY. 