_ ) I i" '.. I " " s--~c; v-:" i"UI:1.T~ c ;----c: c·· c~ WITHOUT A HOME. BY Mas. BAER. CHAPTER XIV. SEVERING TIES. "Really, Ada, this is very unex pected. What has-brought about this decision ? To tell the truth, I do not understand why you should leave a home where you are scarcely treated as a servant." "I am fully sensible of your ex ceeding kindness, dear lady," replied the girl, in a rich, melodious voice; "but I cannot stay. There are reasons for this that you cannot understand were I to explain them, which is simply impossible. I know you have spoiled me-that, go where I will, I shall not find another home like this; but I must go." " Miss Meredith made some en quiiries about you this morning, and seemed to think that she had seen you before, but was bafled when she heard your name. Did you ever see her before ?" "Once," replied Amy, truthfully. "Perhaps she would like to see you. She said she would call in the morning without company. Amy threw up her head a little proudly. " Miss Meredith can have no particular business with me. 1 should like to leave this evening, if you'll let me go." " Certainly you can go, if you are bent on so doing," replied the lady, taking out her purse and paying the girl her wages. "You have been faithfil, and the extra money is a reward for your kindness to Rena." Amy turned away, unable to speak, and went to the library, where she bade good-bye to her favourites, with streaming eyes. " My, myl What does this mean ? What are you crying for, Ada?" asked Herman Singleton, as he came suddenly into the room. " Because I am so miserable," she replied, faintly. "Everything seems to go wrong." "What has gone wrong?" he asked, kindly. "Has Rena got one of her tantrums again ?" " No," she replied. " Mr. Single ton, I am going to leave, and I do love the~e books so much. It seems like parting from old friends to leave them." " WVhy are you going to leave us ?" he enquired, gravely. "Because I must. I can't tell you why ?" "I thought you had no friends, Ada; what are you going to do in this large city without a protector ?" "What hundreds of others do," she replied. "Fight my way, con test the road, and if I fail it will not be because I lack courage. " What do you think I have been doi"n these two years ? I suppose you'll laugh at me, but I have been proe nparing myself to teach." If a thunderbolt had fallen at ils feet Singleton-would scarcely-have been more astonished, and his sur prise did not escape her notice. "I suppose you think me pre eumptuous," she continued, hur riedly, " but I was born of parents who instilled into my mind a love of knowledge; parents who little thought their only child wouid have to battle with the world as I have had to do. When I came here and found these books, and learned that I could have access to them, I determined to improve the oppor tunity, and I have no cause to re proach myself, for I have gathered many.a sheaf in these two years, and stored them for the future." The slight figure of the girl was erect now. The large brown eyes -her peculiar charm-wer,: glori ously bright with the enthusiasm "f her subject, and looking up into his face as she fiuished,she abruptly asked: "You think me quixotic, andnmy ideas visionary, don't you!" "I thiuk you are on the verge of a grand womanhood," he replied. She raised her eyebrows, and her forehead knotted into a heavy frown: 'I asked you for an honest opiuion," she said, reproiach fully.. "Shall I tell you what I think ? Then I will. Your perseverance is simply sublime; your industry puts to shame older persons than your self, and the manner with which you have worked, unaided and aloes, is truly remarkable. I have watched you the past years, ever since you asked my sister for the use of the library, and I have seen how you sometimes made mistakes iii Te-selections of your volumes, but, in the main, you displaced ex coilent taste. I believe you will succeed, and you have my best wishes for the final attainment of your goal." He turned to go, but came back. ' Ada, if I can help you, I will do so.' Money I have in abundance." "Thank you; but I muIst work my own way. If I reach the desired g,'al, it will be through my os?, exertilns " " Thimk well. Money is a power. ful auxiliary." "Ono that I don't p?0sess. Your words of praise are the first that I have rec'iveFpd -fl-.!ty-msnl?o , In not desire help trom any )oni ,ithout renderilg an equivalcnt- that I could not do in this case." "You are independent "' said the gentleman, a little sharply. The blood mounted in. a brilliant glow to her face. " The lessons of life, learned in the school of adver sity, are not likely to teach us de pendence on those about us," she replied. "You talk bitterly for a girl. of your age," he remarked. " Ada, what-is the-cause-of-it-l -ias-ife held no happiness, no joy, no plea sure for you all these years that you have lived ?' "Yes,' she continued, "until I was twelve years old my life was one continued flush of happiness, with only one dark cloud, the death of tmy mother, though I was almnost too young to realize my loss then. Mty father died when I was in my fourteenth year, and since then iny life has been one continued struggle with poverty." " It is very strange that you have no friends. no relativesl' "I have relatives, but they are insensible to my welfare. It makes no dillerence to them whether I. siuk or swim. I don't know why I should be telling you all these things," she added. "Because I asked you," he re plied. "Your confidence shall be respected." "You have been very thoughtful and kind to me since I have been an inmate of this, house. Allow lin to thank you for your many little acts of courtesy." !"-A should be better-pleased- if you would let me assist you." "You can do so by giving me directions where to fiid a respect able and cheap boarding-house ?" Herman Singleton stroked his moustache in perplexity. Cheap boarding-houses were not much in his line, but, thinking for some mo ments, it occurred to him that lie had accidentally heard of a small house in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A friend of his, a college associate, who had more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card that had been given to him, he told Amy of it,and gave her the address. "Remembei," he said, " that the offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to-day." " Oh," she cried, breaking down,. "your kindness makes it harder to go. I came here as a servant, and have received nothing but good treatment; and it is hard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and re finement, everything that the most testhetic nature could desire, for a small room in a boarding-house." "Then why go 1" "Because I must. Good-bye." She held out her hand, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly out of the room. CHAPTER XV. A SURPRISE. The last article of clothing had been put away, the last good-bye was-said, and- Rena.-was- pu,-in -A- bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it. would be at first. Her face was the last that Amy looked on in the house, for after she had said fare well to e' cry one she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge, and took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting she went quickly down the stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which, finally set her down at the btairding-house. She rang the bell, and was admitted to the parlour by a prim little maid, who said the mistress would be down soon, turning up the gas as she spoke. Amy looked around her, at the homely but clean carpet, and at the walls with their pictures. She started up-with an exclama tion of surprise. "Surely this is the picture that used to hang over the mantel in Mirs. Wollerton's room I Yes, it, is the same; I know it is!" " Do you wish to see me ?" asked a voice; and Amy turned firom the summer laud- cape to meet the en quiiring glance of the landlady. Taking a step forward, the girl raised one hand, anid, in a voice scarcely above a whisper, asked : "Is it possible that one whom I have believed to be dead for two long years is alive ?" The landlady drew her-elf up haughtily. " I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you comne to busi ness, if you please, miss r" Amy sprang l .roard, with a glad light in her eyes. " Don't you re cognise me, Aunt Louise? Have you forgotten your little pet, Amy Jotnes? Ahl, you know me now," she replied, as a look of recognition passed over the old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receive her darling. " Tlank the Lord that He has let me live to s e this sight! Oh, Amy, hIow glal I am to look on your face agnio ! PFor child I how I have lunged to tave yomu with mo alter I hlcad that t:,ur i,?a had died I" And Any" til li~'t doubt the sin eericly of ,or words 'hent she felt \--t-b'spe-esunro-af ii-ea-vmsolthe kisses \--o---e?t- olteco,;-, eo-a- w--the-glad-: teat, rollin;g 'ver r lface. " C se, bit down, my dear, and let 'ninallona' at you. Why, bless my soul ! you aro a young lady, and I' hali e.liectcd to see you a little girl still. Well, old folks think that the young mustst:and still, but they go on growing all the same. " ~ow, tell me all about yourself." Amy gave her entire hist-nry, omitting nothing that had happened since her father died, and Mrs. Wol lerton laughed and cried by turns, as her faivourite t'd-i ow srem-hal battled so successfully with an ad vesse fate, ending'by saying that the one motive of her life was to fit herself for teaching. "I shall never make myself known to the Merediths, nor do I wish them to know of me; so, auntie, I think I shall keep my new name, Ada G.icon. I have come to live with you now, if you can find a nok iu your dear heart and home for te." " Of course I'll find one for you, and yot snall go to school just as muc ias .you want to. Dou'w shake your head, for I have Soine money, and nobody in the world to slpend it oil but.yourself. Just to think of the trumped up lie of that m.call. man uwho tried to get you into his priwer. Bless your heart, clild, I have lived at thu .oul pIlace ever since tll blst yoear, and I never sat an eye on him,. Just to think that you hliave been living.here two years in drudgery,. and I dildn't knJow it. " Notdrudgery, aunt.. My life at Mrs. Garmanu's was rather picLeant." "~ .yes, _I dar sayv rnulsilu?_a spoiled child wai rather pleasati." " I would rather do tlhat than he dependent osuaniy one," was the quick reply. "Just like your father Il .i was too' proud, to ask aonythin .. ,f lii father-in-law, so : his busie?s w,.r,t to the dogs. Dom't y'ou be to i., dependent to do -is I say." "I don't want to be' a hurden to you," replied Amy. '"Who says you'll he a burden', Whien ' get tired of'you I'll tell you. I'll send for your truink.to mmrrow.s : ' ot, auntie, if you: are. really so well olrt why do you keep b,'ardlc. Il" asked the girl,.with ;i qiuizzqel lo,lk on lierface, for she thought. she had die ndvanutas:o. "Because iLwanted somcthin2 to do," was the quick reply.- " Yu doin't doubt miy iord, ldo youl?" "No,tio; butI-th,,ugih, you sail so to nimake nme feel at eats. I wonhll ratlher accept aid froma you than any. one." ".You are coming to your sensns,". .said' irs. Wollertin. " It is a kiind ness you are doing me, chill, for I am lonely, ad: oftimes sad becaum.e I have no young face a,bout me t make sunshine and music. Ciome with me, and I'll show you to your room." She led the girl up to a large, 'airy bedroom, neatly furnished.; and when Amy was told that was-to be hers,' she caught her friend abint the neck, and kissed her again aiid again. "--HIo to sieep, my dear," said- the old lady, gently, " so you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Goud night," and Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to herself. A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young girl's lips. "The road to knowledge lies open before me," Amy murmured, "and if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed me-somany- times, and held me so tight that I could not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of old. Help from her does not gall and chafe like it would from the others." 'But Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her of the many anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her; how he had tried every means in his power to find his niece. With a rare tact she saw at a glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to confirm her opinion; eo she wisely kept her own counsel, and determined to use a little strategy. To describe the feeling of quiet content that stole over the lonely orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow that night, would be im possible; there was something heavenly in it; no child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to answer, no commands to obey; for the first time in years she could clo e her eyes with the knowledge that she was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep when she was tired, and awake when she willed. (TO BE CONTINVED.) 