CONSECRATION OF CRATERS CHURCH. ? ? ? \ ? On the festival of the Epiphany, January -V : the beautiful church at Crafers, near Mount Lofty station, was wnaeorated by the buhofe :': of . the diocese. Going up from town in -the , ' early morning the exquisite* Boenery and the lovely day ware a fitting preparation €or tho beauties of art displayed in the Chnrou of the Epiphany. Those who. had not previously seen the interior of this church wore surprised ? bv mo irouiy uuu aigoiCT or. tne structure. On entering the first objects that attract attention are a carved wood reredos and ' choir stalls, exquisitely artistic tinted win- dows, an altar piled up with pyramids of white blossoms, culminating in tha ' floral star, the emblem of the Epiphany, above ' the altar. Next are seen the beautiful arches of chancel and transept, the sweep of the roof, and the pointed three-light windows, the leo- . tern and choir stalls wreathed with 'terns and delicate sprays of foliage and flower.' The large congregation, mostly of ladies; rose as , the procession entered the church, singing ' The earth is the Lord's and all that therein is.' After the choristers came a long prooes sion of clergy, the Revs. E. H. Bleby, R. A. Bryant, R, W. G. Dempster, C. S. Horna brook, G. Griffiths, F. H. King, W, &' Milne, T. G. Pitcher, K. W. Pobjov, ' W. S. Jlarsh, F. R. Morze, J. Sunter, W. A'. Swan, A. G. B. West, J. Hussey, H. Wyllie, F. Webb, Fi W* Wilkinson, followed by Canons Andrews, Hop craft, and Sam well, Archdeacons Morse and Dove, the dean, the rector of the parish (Rev. Percy Wise), Rev. L. P. Crawfurd, carrying the pastoral staff, the bishop and the' registrar. The Detition was delivered - hv Mr. PAnrtln ton, the _ churchwarden, after reading- which the choir and congregation sang the well known hymn 'We love the place, O Gqd' while the procession continued to the chanceL The bishop then laid the papers, title-deeds, &c;, upon the altar after prayers had been ; recited. Then the Old Hundredth was sung and the procession re-formed and returned to the west end, and standing at the font a short lesson was read and the choir appropriately took up a verse of the hymn, 'We love the sacred font.' At the chancel eteps, at the choir, at the prayer -desk, at the lectern, and finally at the altar, the bishop recited appropriate prayers, after which a lesson was read by the rector. At each halt, as the procession slowly wound its way along the church, the choir took up the various verses. The consecration sen tence ' was read by the Archdeacon .of Adelaide, concluding with the' words. 'I declare this Church of the Epipbany to bs now consecrated and sot apart for ever— In the name' of the leather, the Son, and the Holy ' Ghost.' ^ Turning to the congregation the .. bishop gave' £? address congratulating the parishioners of Crifets on the liberality and harmony which had resulted in the cornpttSon of this beautiful structure. He wramsiftAil tho forethought which had planned put»-j»obte ?;; building to be accomplished by degrees ?* uifiiUi:; _ ??'?-^??'1 the direction of a master mind. And though - ' '- tiin efforts of the parishioners had been mainly' ?_?':' directed to the completion of their church they had not neglected its spiritual develop ment in other directions, and also materi ally, as in the new church at Aldgate. The grandeur of the church consecrated that day could not fail to evoke a reverent feel ing in those who worshipped in it, and it was only right that the firat act of worship should Le the Uoly Eucharist, in which the hearts of all would rise iu thanksgiving to God. The solemn recitation of the Nicene Creed would remind them that the faith taupht iu thab church would be the faith of their fathers, the faith once delivered to the saints. After fho bishop's address, which was listened to most attentively by the large congregation, the Kucharistic hymn, 'Aud now O Father, mindful ot the love,' was sung, and the Eucharist celebrated by the bisbop. Tho siuging throughout was excellent. A dispensa tion from the usual abstinence was granjed $-y the bishop on this particular Friday, it betnfe . : . the Feast of. the Epiphany und the dedio&tioB; festival of Graf ere Church. -.:?? ?/ The reredos, of exquisite carved wood, jb the gift of Mrs. Alfred Simms. The architect!* ' K: (Mr. Woods) work in the beautiful design was deservedly admired, and the contractor and all who took any part in the structure must feel pride and pleasure in the results of their work. A few minor details remain 'Ho be accomplished, as well as some finishings out side and in, to some of the arches, &c.; 