NOVEL. The Martlet Seal. By Jeaneite Walworth. CHAPTER VIII. — (Oormiujo.) I ' Celeste was a wiser nurse than I took her for. 1 had no business coining in here to talk to my little sick wife. I am going Nome, and I shan't oome back nntil yon 6end for me, darling. Only don't keep me away too long. I miss yon so, dear. So do all tire boy*. I wish ? * 'Stop! stop! stop!' It was a cry of pain. . He did stop, and stood wonderingly client while she went on impetuously : ' You are talking to me as if I were a lunatic or a child. A child yon know I am not. A lunatio possibly I might become, if falseness, deceit, oowardioe, duplicity ia a man 'were all that was necessary to make a lunatic of a woman. When I said that I bated you, I meant it ! When I reooiled from your touch as I would from tbat of a reptile, I meant it ! You are a reptile, John Lorimer !' He blanched at her scathing denunciation of him, and, turning his face from her, he stood with folded arms looking down into the fire. It was on record in the medical journals, he reminded himself, that people frequently turned npon their very dearest friends when dementia seized upon them. Coalmen most be summoned at once. He would not add to her excitement by a single word. She stopped speaking. He could hear the tnmnltuout, breathing that lifted the (olds of her white wrapper in billows of passion. After a little while her breath oame more placidly. * Is that all, Nora f he toned and asked her quietly. To soothe her excited nerves was his one objeot just then. ' That is all. 1s it not enough ?' 1 Quite enough in the way of condemna tion.' He had turned towards the door. ' You are going?' she asked, drearily. ' Is not that what you want me to do?' ' Yes.* 'You know my theory always has been that the vejy worst a good woman oan think of a man falls far short of his deserv ing. I hope you will feel better to-morrow, Nora. T17 to sleep now, dear.' He was gone ! She looked stupidly at the wooden panels of the door through whioh he had disppeared. ' Not one word in self-defanoe ! He oonld not look me in the face and defend himself ! Tbat much to his credit. And now let me finish my work.' She resumed her writing. Her pen fairly flew over the paper. Sheet after sheet she filled, folded, enveloped, and directed, until four closed envelopes lay before her, npon one only of which she put a govon ment stamp. When Celeste brought her luncheon to the door, she fonnd herself locktd out. When she knocked two or three hours later, and informed ' Madame' that she was there with the dinner- tray, she was still locked oat. When she oame again at lamp -light, craving permission to pat tbe child to bed. the doo» was opened sufficiently wide for Ninette to creep in, and through the device Celeste was informed that Mrs Lorimer would attend to the child herself that night. She was at liberty to dispose of her evening in ber own way. ' rha way Celeste did dispose of it was not at all in ' her own way.' She waa entrapped on her way down the |; stairs by the mistress of White Cliffs and l drawn into the sitting-room, where ths fiumlw nhvainiftn MitttM hv Jcthn T^ihitim and his mother, cross-questioned her rigidly and exhaustively as to Mrs Lorimer's mental oondiiion during previous nenralgio attacks. She dipped away from them, when they had extracted from her a vast deal of infor mation she had never suspeoted herself possessed of, and crept into a cot in the hall, just outside Nora's door. John himself had located it. - She bad assured him confidently that a mouse could not stir in Madame's room and die, Celeste, not hear it from that position. It was from that night that Celeste Bougereanx always dated her belief in ghosts, and regarded their visitations as presages of evil. She told the story of the White Cliifs ghost always with nnotion . ?It was not of ghosts I was thinking,' she -would tell you, ' that night. I was awake. I oonld not sleep. The hall was large and strange to me. The cot was narrow- I was restless. I was thinking of the child Ninette, and bow die must have missed me, when of a sodden 1 felt a cold wave sweep over my face and I saw a white figure gliding noiselessly across the hall and turn towards the steps. I covered my head . with the blatflrets, ohflled but not frightened. Celeste Bougereanx is not a coward. When I looked again, there was nothing to be seen but the oold pale moonlight streaming through the unourtained dormer window upon the bare floor of tbe hall. The next morning, Mrs John Larimer was not to be found. I told no one of that visitation from tbe. White Ciifh ghost. Bah! the pro* vimoials, they wonld have had no faith in it or in me. Bat I have seen what I have seen.' One portion of Celesta Boagereaux's story niimlnsiUi. It waa an the mnmino after die slept on the oot in the hail that John'* wife was not to be fonnd. On the desk in her room were lying three sealed wMtopea. One of tbe envelopes was addressed to her hatband. To him she siid, — '. I married you for Ninette's sake, I leave 709 far yoar own. Yoa may be a trifle shooked at this violent tending of the feeble chain thailinks ns together, bat I fancy you will bs infinitely obliged to me in the long ran. 0onmit some of yoar lawyer friends and see how the knot oan be untied legally, fa I would not have yoa lose the fall frnks of ttds sacrifice by reason of obstacles in the path o* yOK* marrying *g*in, — moro felicit ously next time, I will bope. I have no intention uf making away with myself.' Aaother ons of the envelopes was addressed toOelssts- To ber she said,— il asts»-e . 'As soon asrao have, read this, ask Mr Lorimer to seifflyou and thfe'child'to Glen bnrnie. Take with you ber trunk and the envelope addressed to Hiss Fairbanks, which I leave with this. Be good to Ninette, and stay with her : it will be to your interest.' The third envelope was addressed to Kiss Fairbanks. To her she said,— ' I am not conducting my project in the way I bad planned before ooming to White Cliifs. Bat, after all, we are the merest puppets in tbe hands of Fate. I had meant my little Ninette should win her own way with yon before I made for her the startling claims of kinship. She is Sibley Fkirbank's daugnter— nis only onild, born in holy wed lock. Her mother and father did not live together happily. He deserted bar : she had to make her own support. An all of tbe papers were in his possession, it may bt some time yet before the child's legal claim upon yoa or upon your father oan be estab lished. She ia the child of my only sister — a younger sister, to whom I ins idoUtronsly attached. John Lorimer's suit for my band canted no weight with it nntil he asoldent ally mentioned the fact of having the Fair banks of Gtenburnie as neighbors. I meant to have kept Ninette myself until her alalia upon her grandfather had been made so dear that he would gladly have recognised it ; bat it has been ordered otherwise. If your first impulse should be to order Celeste, the child's nurse, to leave your presence and take the child with her, stop and deliberate twice before yoa send yoar brother Sibley's infant daughter adrift in an unfriendly world. Until I procure the proofs of what I say, yon mast take my simple Miertton. Every word in this letter is absolutely true.' CHAPTER IX. ; Flowers ! flowers everywhere ! The most expensive sorts at the most expensive snaim ! Bat expense wis never taken into aoebant in the Norcross establishment. Did Mrs Nor woes desire a thing ? And was that thing the very best of its kind P Those wen the only two questions worth the asking or the answering. Friday was Mrs Eugene Norcross's day. Not that every day was not entirely at her own frivolous disposal, bat even batterflJu are subject to exhaustion, audit Mr. Mororoas had not set apart one day oat ot the seven foi ' speoial observances,' the gayest butterfly of fn^r. ion that aU Esplanade Street, in the city of New Orleans, oould boast, would hare suae am bed to the bardec of its own popularity. On Friday, therefore, one was stus of finding Mrs Noroross at home, clothed in one ot those marvels of French costumes that all her ' set was raving over.' One was also sore of finding the house converted into a bower of roses, while from every aornar of the spacious lower floor, during the regula tion hours, floated the mingled aroma of English breakfast tea and feminine gossip. Apparently, no onesnjnyedMrsNonsosa's Friday afternoons more thoroughly she did herself. No ehild freshly admitted into fairy-land oould bave outdone her in joyous gayety, as she flashed from group to group of the tea-drinkers, moving her lithe form with its glistening satin train, and her jewelled arms and hands, with an eflsotive graoe not altogether unstudied. All of those who drank her tea were not good-natured towards Eagene Noroross's young wife. Some of fhem, perhkpi, had not yet got over the secret smart of his defection from the ranks of their own possible suitors. Some of them, perkaps, wonld have preferred hii marrying a woman whom somebody knew. Amnng these was his aunt, Mra Meliioent Norcross, who con fidentially assured his married sister, Mrs De lanoy Delany, on the Friday in question, that — ' If Noroross had not brought ber direct from Paris, one weuld be tempted to accuse her of gaucherie.' ' Not gauoherie ! Anything bat that. For a woman in her first winter here, she is the most absolutely self possessed yonng thing I ever saw.' ' Well, then, provincialism, if you prefer. I imagine she has seen vary little of this sort of thing. Her enjoyment of it is too undisguised, too absurdly genuine.* ' It is lather patent. She is a pretty creature, though, Mtllioent. One oan scarcely blame Eugene for becoming in fatuated so late in life.' ' She is exquisite ! Chic from the crown of her blonde hair to the tips of those little twinkling yellow satin slippers. It is her effusive gayety I condemn. I should prefer more repose of manner.' ' Her costume is daring. No wooian lees sore of her complexion would have ventured so muoh yellow at onoe. She does langh too much.' Mrs Delancy Delany lowered ber long handled eye-glasses, and sighed. ]£- Mellinent Norcross lowered hers, and smiled : ' After all, why should she not laugh F Life most be an altogether pleasant thing for her. The adored wife of Eageae Nor cross, no children, assured position, old family, wealth, beauty, you to, health J — I envy her, my dear, positively.' ' And— yet— a skeleton !' Mrs Mellioent shrugged her plump should ers and lowered her voioe : [ ' You mean Eugpne P' i ' As jealous as a Spaniard !' ' What would yoa have P Perfection f I imagine her Friday afternoons are free from his espionage only beoanse he knows that no men ever oome hen before gas-light. He will appear with the lighting of the flat jet.' ' Doubtless ! It is an ugly serpent in *M» pretty Eden.' ' She walks too rapidly. She repose.' Then opportunity for further criticism was ' lost. Mm Nororoas was eoming towards them, followed by a tray-bearer. She ewooped down upon them smiling : ' Yoa are neither anriffg nor drinking ! This is abominable., ' No : we were giWping, and abont you.' ? About mef She clasped two jewelled hands to her pink ears. The diamonds that flashed apon them were priceless family gems. ' It is tbe left one that burns. Yoa were saying naughty things about me.' ' On the oontrary. We were saying that Eagene was always a most fortunate man. But — Bennet is trying to oatch your eye. He has a card there. One drips not need cards to-day.' Mrs Noroross tamed towards ths butler, who was standing behind her extending a card and wearing his moat impassive facial expression. She flushed nniiay th.» im. plication of social ignot&ooe;, and made no motion towards taking the card ; ' I am at home to all my friends to-day, Bennett.' ' This is not a friend, madam. It is a person.' ' Then I am not at home to her.' ' She insists upon seeing yon. Bhe would not go. She has written somethiiig'on tbe card. I have shown her into Mr itbrcross's study.' Mrs' Non cross lifted the sard from the salver. It was one of the Sort Bonnet always kept in tbe drawer of the rack for emergencies. There was nothing written on it bat a name : ' Nora.' A slight tremor, as slight as the waving I of a willow wand when a rude wind shakes it suddenly, passed through her frame, leaving her oolor a shade fainter, And ber voioe a trifle less resonant' in Its gay clear tones : ? Presently.' She waved Bennett oat of her presence with that ose soffiy-spoken word, and onoe more grfve ber exclusive attention to Mr Noroross's relatives. She had a favor to ask ot both of them : ' Would dear Mrs Delany come to her on next Mondayanddlne enfamilleP ' Bhe and Eugene coald not agree uppn the location of the conservatory. Tbey needed an empire. Eugene was positively autocratic.' ? ' And would dear Mrs Iforoross make one ti tbe theatre i- party 4h« -rtfes1 flatting np tor living's flrft night P' Then, with joyous thanks, and an adieu waved from the tijis of hefc 'pekrt- Stacked ostrich-feather fan, she turned from thsip flashing and smiling, and; gradually making her way to' the velvet portiere that separated the parlors from the rear of tlie boose, the disappeared behind thipip. ' Wonderful !' Mrs Delany exclaimed, in tones of genuine admiration, as the velvet draperies fell softly together onoe more, shutting out the radiant vision. ' What*' ' Amelia's self control. The card that Bennett brought her agitated her^xoessi vely . She had twlrted it into a perfeot corkscrew before you had made up your mind about theatre-party. The person is not w«l oome.' ' That, at least, goes to prove that Bagene aid not marry a provincial.' ' I yield that point; Bat one wonld like to know a little something ot the antecedents of one's o«?i brother's wife.' If it had been JtCrf Delany'e privilege to go with her sister-in-law into the presence of tbe person woo was patiently waiting in the study, ber curiosity might have been amply it pot agreeably satisfied on the soore ot antecedents. ' It was John Larimer's wife who sat there Waiting for the t^rdy coming of her sister Amelia, Ninette's mother. As the radiant young thing who bad jast successfully ran the gauntlet of several soon of critical eyes flitted into ths dimmer region of Mr Nor orose£i study, Nora stood up contused and bewildered. They kissed eaoh other, and they called eaoh otner ' Norfie' and 'Kellie,' bat, even as their embracing arms fell apart, die look of pain and bewilderment deepening on Mrs Larimer's faoe, she reoognuea that she was looking at her sister over a yarning abyss. 'I don't understand at alL Amelia 1 1 have been toying to find yon for a month. When I heard that yos were Mrs Eugene Noroross, I grew more utterly bewildered than ever. What does' it mean f Yon can not — have — — '* , -Mr. letter waa explicit enongh, heaven knows !' Mrs Noroross interrupted her rudely, laughed nervously, abd settled herself on the other end of Nora's sofa. * Your letter P* * Yes,— my letter, in which I told you the whole truth. I thought it would be safest. When I sent Ninette to you and told yoa I was going to Europe with that old woman as her paid companion, I told you that I oould not take Ninette with me, beoanae it was only on the understanding that I had no ties she would have n*e. She said she wanted no tear-shedding females abont her. Yoa knew all that, before.' ' Well. I thought no wsong of it, either.' ' Bnt I did not tell you the whole truth, Nora. If that old woman had not been Eugene Norcross's mother, aud if he had not been going over with her, 1 never would have taken tbe position. It aU turned oat splendidly. The old lady died in Nioe. I bad seen none of her family, bat her son, on this aide. I oame back Mrs Eugene Nor oross. When I wrote you from Paris that I was going on the stage, it w»s to prevent yoa from bunting me up, ma chSre. I knew ypur 'horror tuf stage peopla. One cannot hope to ouoead in life, — succeed as I have, — abe glanoed comprehensively about her, — ' if one dare not finesse a little, even with one's own sister. As for the child, she was always muoh fonder of you Him ahe was of me. 1 wrote you a long letter three weeks ago. I told you in that letter that I did not mean Ninette should be a peouuiary burden to yon.' Nora pat her hand to her head with a dis tracted gesture : ' I grow more bewildered at every word, Amelia. I never got your letter. I have hpard from yon bat onoe sinoe the day CKleste oame to me with your little girl, bringing the letter telling me yon were going to Europe as a companion. That once was when yon wrote me you were going on the stage. I cried over that letter, Mellie, and I prayed so hard that you might be kept pure and sweet.' Mrs Eugene Norcross smiled indulgently : ' A ruse, Norrie, my dear, but a neoeasary one. I knew your abhorrsnoe of ths stage, and I knew, or thought I knew, that if you balievei ms to be on the stage yoa vould shun me as yoa would a leper.' ' Abd vou wented me to shun von P' ' Yes.' A oold, hard lock had oome into the radiant young faoe. * I, who hare been mother and sister and teaoher all ia one to you, Mellie ? I, who never wanted you even to try to support yourself at type- writing f* ?Yes.' It came monotonously from the full red lips whioh after eaoh utterance Mrs Noroross drew fiercely in under her glistening white teeth. ' Bat why P* ' I told you why in that letter.' 1 Bat I never got the letter, I tell you.' ' Then I will have to go over the whole hateful ohaptor onoe more. Bat not here. 1 This is Mr Norcross's study, and he might oome in unexpectedly.' She got up, almost dragging her sister with ber. ' Why Should Mr Noroross not find mt here?' Nora asked, resentfully. ' I have a right to co tne to see my own sister, have I Amelia made an irritated motion with her pretty bands : ' I have so muoh to tell you, Nora, and the house is so fall of people. You mast follow me. Some one might interrupt ns. ' She dropped ber sister's hands, and, sweeping rapidly forward, led tbe way, by a rear staircase, to the upper floor, never onoe pausing in ber graceful sinuous progress nntil they reached a small dressing-room, perfect in all appointments, through the open door of whioh die got a glimpse into a bedroom fitted up with still more Oriental splendor. 'Nov I We are safe 1— quite safe! Eugene never intrudes here. We can talk comfortably.' She poshed Nora into an easy chair, and, seating herself, close beside ber, began i xkronsly : « I am sorry yoa failed to get that letter. It would have savedyoa this t^p.' ' No. I oame to tbe cdty indj^pendently of any Aspeotaitlbn of Seeing you. I had 6e lievrd you were cm the stage. 'I hail ~ given yon up for dead. I plaoea the child where its proper protectors would be obliged to oare for it, and then— then ? fiat I did not obtne ' here to talk abtmt myself. Tell | me all that yon bave kept from me so long, Amelia.' (To be oQntjpucfy}. ! Tax Most Yah tabu Cloak nr zax Woaut. — The most valuable . aleak in the world is probably that in possession of Lady Brassey. This mantle was presented by Queso Bomane, of the Stndwich Islands, to Captain Thomson, of ths British Navy, for tbe protection extended to her against the Frenoh in 1843, The foundation of the mantle iq a network of native hemp, and to it are attached by fin a threads of the same material tbe feathers of birds fonnd only in the Hawaiian Islands. The upper and lateral borders, whioh are corded with a string of henro, are decorate^ with alternate oresteht-sAapea figures ' composed ' of either red or yellow feathers, fbe cloak is four feet in length and eleven and a half feet in width' at the bottom, tapering up to twenty - three inohes at the top. The' great difficulty experienced in procuring the feathers and tho number of years required to complete the garment constitute its ohief claim to value. Its yellow feathers are especially valuable, and the bird from whioh they are obtained is rare and difficult to capture. The market price of five of these feathers is about ten shillings ; and by this estimate the value of the whole, taking In the amount of labour involved, is about £160,000. 