SWEATING IN ADELAIDE. It is distressing to hear from the Inspector and Inspectress of Factories that "sweating is now worse in this colony than it has ever been before," because they are people whose business it is to learn the truth about sweaters, and they have the names of the sweaters (so they tell us) in their books. When asked how many sweaters there are who give out piecework at the low wages quoted by Inspector Bannigan, they look mysterious, and say " More than there ought to be." This is an evasive answer to a very pertinent question; and as they inform us that it would be " premature" to vouchsafe further information at present we are justified in drawing conclusions from our personal experience. We think that only a handful of men do the factory and shop piecework sweating; and that if their names were given to us, and we made them public, their number would be considerably reduced. We even go so far as to say that the sad little exhibition of sweaters' goods, hung up with the best intentions in Rundle Street, comes from two or three places already known to us, not from a large circle of sweaters who control the trouser-shirt and feminine-garment market. " What is to be done ?" everyone is asking, for sweating is a non-political question, and, from Governor to news- paper boy, all are anxious to help the women whose cause is advocated by Mrs. Milne and Inspector Bannigan. We know that the Government is carefully watching the effects of certain recent factory legislation in Victoria, and from semi-official sources we hear of proposed legislation in the form of " a minimum wage." But laws made to deal with the work and pay of women bristle with difficulties, and we may be certain that "slow but sure" will be the motto of Mr. Kingston and his colleagues when they take up the sweating question. After all it is pre- eminently a woman's question, and we are inclined to think that our female voters should grind their teeth on this industrial problem. Parliament has so much work on hand at the present time that unless women seriously study their own special questions they can scarcely expect to see remedial female measures become law. The parliamentary machine moves slowly, and to-day it is heavily weighted with the great ques- tions of federation and the extension of the franchise for the Upper House. If women are really in earnest about the sweating now brought before their notice in a semi-official way, they will surely exercise their political acumen at the present juncture, and assist the Government by studying the sweating-,= question in all its aspects with the aid of the Inspector and Inspectress of Factories. Our readers will remember that in 1890 an agitation against sweating led to satisfactory results. The Women's Trades Union then came into existence, and this union for a time exercised considerable influence as regards women's wages. A meeting was held at the Town Hall, and Dr. Alan Campbell there gave evidence before an audience composed of both political parties concerning his own experiences amongst sweated women. The final result of the agitation was the opening of a room to which piecework was sent by employers, and from this room the work was distributed to the women. Wages then went up, and for a time little was heard of the sweater. Of late years there has been a tendency to leave the solution of the sweating problem to a busy Government, and women have done little but abuse the unknown, invsible sweater. Perhaps the time has now come for our enfranchised women to put their shoulder to the wheel and learn by personal experience that the making of wise laws is a serious business. The Reformatory System at Bal larat.—Seven girls who had escaped from the Brookside Reformatory at Ballarat surrendered to the police after having been forty-eight hours at large and without food. They represented that they had been subjected to much haish treatment at the reformatory, and had determined to make their escape. Their ages range from fifteen to eighteen years. They state that they were forced to fell, saw, split, and cart timber, dig post- holes, load and cart gravel, repair roads, plough and harrow, and assist in harvesting operations, and that the slightest neglect was visited by severe floggings. An enquiry will be made concerning the truth of these allegations. A Graving Dock for Port Ade laide.—The committee of the. Port Adelaide Corporation appointed for the purpose of enquiring into and pushing on the project of a graving dock for Port Adelaide is keeping the object well in view. Meetings are being held for the purpose of con sidering possible schemes and arranging a plan of campaign. The committee is especially desirous of enlisting the sympathy of the commercial section of the community (say the "Adver tiser"), and with that object in view proposes to wait as a deputation on the Chamber of Commerce. Although the desire of the Corporation is for a graving dock, it may be well to state that the Government is in possession of information respecting floating docks, which may yet form one of the schemes discussed. In a communica tion recently received from the Agent General on the subject a report is enclosed from Messrs. Clarke and Stanfield, of London. This firm esti mates that a dock about 400 ft. long would take a vessel of the size of the steamer Perthshire, upon which all calculations have been made. The cost is put down at ,£35,000 free on board London, and the weight for shipment would be 2,400 tons. The firm calculated that the cost of erection in. England would be about £12,000, but was not sufficiently acquainted with the conditions of labor here to say how far that amount would hold good for colonial workmanship. It may be mentioned that cost of any dredging that might be required is not included. The Mayor's Ball.—The Mayor's ball of 1899 may fairly be regarded as highly successful. There were about thirteen hundred present, and the scene was a very gay one. The spacious hall was brilliantly lighted and taste fully decorated, but large as it is it was too small for the comfort of the many who were desirious of "tripping the light fantastic toe." In order to fully appreciate the animated scene one had to go to the galleries, from which a picture not often seen could be enjoyed. The pretty and varied dresses of the ladies, the evening dress of the civilians, and the gold-emblazoned uniforms of the naval and military officers, together with the * artistically designed and tastefully executed ornamentations, combined to make a gay and striking spectacle, which might for a brief space almost lead one to forget that outside there were hosts of badly clothed, ill-fed, and suffering humanity. Mayor Ware proved himself an ideal host, and the many waiters were kept busy for hours attending to the physical wants of his numerous guests. If there were any who went away dissatisfied with the hospitality displayed they must have been the veriest curmud geons. Interesting to Cyclists. — On Tuesday a well-known citizen of Nor wood, not wholly unconnected with " The Herald," was returning from town on his bike, cheerfully ruminating on the pleasant fire and meal awaiting him at home, and never dreaming of any mishap which would tend to mar his domestic felicity. When nearing his home, however, he struck a snag in the shape of a pet dog, and a very nice one, too, who was following in a very perfunctory manner — darting about from side to side in the exu berance of his animal spirits—a well equipped pony carriage containing his mistress and a driver in livery. He (the citizen) ran over the dog, who, with a righteous howl, forthwith gave up the ghost, or appeared to do so, and was taken into the carriage with his mistress. The cyclist came to grief in two ways : he spoilt a suit of clothes, and had to answer for the crime of killing a pet dog. He is now threatened with legal proceedings, for that he did of malice and aforethought kill, slay, and otherwise destroy the dog in question, and intends to enter a plea that the dog was an obstruction to the Queen's highway, and, moreover, was a menace to the safety and wellbeing of Her Majest37,s true and loyal sub jects ; furthermore, that the said dog having so obstructed the said Queen's highway and one of Her Majesty's subjects having been thereby and thereupon caused a severe shaking and the aforesaid damage to the aforesaid clothes, he doth hereby claim and demand (1) an apology from the said owner for the erratic conduct of the said dog ; (2) a promise that the said dog shall be decently and properly interred, together with its progeny, if any ; and (3) that a new suit of clothes, to be made and constructed by one of- the advertisers in " The Herald," be forth with supplied to the said subject, the cost to be defrayed, paid, and other wise liquidated by the said owner. Colored Contagion. — A recent number of the Cairns " Argus" says:— " The Government steamer. White Star, arrived at Burns and Philp's wharf at eight o'clock this morning from Mack ay and Dungeness. She has on board nine lepers, eight of them kanakas and one Chinaman. The unfortunate wretches are shut up in a structure on deck, while the sanitary arrangements appear to be far from perfect. Six of the lepers have been brought from Mackay, two from Dun geness, and one a Chinaman from Johnstone River. The White Star sailed with her lepers for the lazaret station on Friday Island, and it is needless to add that her departure was not greatly regretted. 