mm_ TWO KiusfS, j (From tLe "EuralWorlcL") j ^Dime's Janus-faced warder f3r Ninety-eight, X» «lipping the bolts of his postern gate, .And flinging the portals wide, that two, Mooting, may pass, with a retinue. 34*ch of royal line-each a king-but one "With his banner furled, and his mission done. Croes forth alone o'er the unknown world "Where the ghosts of dead Years, aeons old "Will laugh with a weird, uncanny gle<^ ""When this gaunt recruit to their ranks thej see. *yhi» other conies with a great parade, 'With his flags afloat and a calvacade Of twelve retainers, eachforeheadaglow, one "With the crescent badge that shall wux grow Aa bis sun-shod couriers, thirty strong, JPile over the hills of dawn, with song 3?ar the world is young, tho' the years grow old . , "With a flagging zest, as a tole oft told, ^Ani she sings, as she swings, with the rhythmic spheres, l'or the march of centuries brings no fears 4)f the ultimate triumph of joy and peace, "When the Vampire's reign shall forever cease ; So she waits the consummate end, as she . bides "' . -rt' ïlîhe growth of tho diamond her otra, heart Lides J&JMI; she, singing, goes on her star-spent /way "Wiib. a faith sublime,- in tho perfect day, "While we of an. hour, in our small span, ? 3*arge signs demand, of the Master's plan. ^nd-they're kindly given. Even now we see . T3?ho troudof the times in the " Jubileo," .And we catch the gltJam. of a rising star JLa the waking conscience of noble Czar ; . And it needs no sage to divine, or soe ,. "What will como ere the close of the contury, " "When the world, ' I trow, shall a truce behold 'JPwixt the Lion, the Bear and the Eagle bold. ""While the lambs and the kites and tho spar rows wee '. "jU'edl in line with* the paco of, the Royal ' Throe. 33ro8, link by link, is the strong chain . ' forgod, ? ? . Auel, drop by droj), is the ocean gorged. 'Xhua, atone on stone, does the temple riso, .And, step by 'step, wo approach tho skies, 3fcasignod but a stone in that templo to be 3f the Builder reject not such clods, as we. 3f but " helping a lame dog over a style " { Jto the work assigned,'let us do it, and smile, Content to fit into the infinite plan the Builder laid, when tho world began, JNbw Orleans, GUACE G. WATTS. 