AUSTRALIAN", TRIBES. AN INTERESTING STUDY. One needs to read the book itself to know bow fascinating is the subject dealt with by Messrs. Spencer and Gillen in "The. Native Tribes of Central Austra lia," published by Messrs. MacMillan and Co., London. It will rank as the standard work on Australian anthropology 'so far as concerns the portion of the continent to which the authors' researches'have been confined, for both gentlemen have a right to speak with authority on the social organisation of the tribes in the interior; Mr. Baldwin Spencer as professor of bio logy in the Melbourne University, and as a student who has improved, his know ledge of the aborigines by a visit to their I territory; and Mr. E. J. Gillen, who nas spent the. greater part - of two decades among them, and as sub-protector of the aborigines has had exceptional opportuni ties of familiarising himself with their customs and social organisation. The area covered by their investigations measures some 700 miles from north to south, and stretches out from .east to west of the transcontinental telegraph line for a grea ter distance still. It is an arid country, excepting where, in the rainy season, it receives the benefit of the overflow of rivers and creeks, when huge lakes formed by the floods slake, for all too brief a period, the thirst of the sandy soil. As the traveller moves northward from Lake Eyre he finds the land rising gradually, until it reaches an elevation of. 2,000 feet above the sea. Northward again he comes to the James and MacDonnell /Ranges, forming the southern limit of a still more , elevated plateau'. Up to the 2,000 feet elevation the traveller has been on the dower steppes. The country beyond is | called by the authors the higher Steppes, and it is here that the rivers rise which (find their way southward, through .gorges , and creeks, till they drain miles away j among the sandy flats or are lost /in the ! great depressed area that centres in the | salt bed of Lake Eyre, below tb£ sea I level. South and west of the steppe [lands lies a vast desert, where sandhills, ."covered with porcupine grass, stretch away for mile after mile with a monotony only varied by occasional belts of im I penetrable mulga scrub, hardly, if any I thing, less dreary. Yet even the desert ) affords maintenance to tribes, though their j lot can he anything but pleasant. Game is scanty, and the rats and lizards—caught , by setting fire to the porcupine grass, thus driving the creatures from one tussock to another— are anything but plentiful dur ing the frequently recurring periods of | drought. What water is then obtainable is found in "native wells" (the remnants of old mound, springs), which, as likely as not, null he fouled by the decaying car case of a stray dingo. In the steppe lands, on the other hand, the lot of the native is at least tolerable, for ordinarily kangaroos, rock-wallabies, emus, and pther game abound, as, well as several varieties of fruit, notably the quandong, or native plum. .. \ Such is the great area of the steppe and desert lands on whose strange inhabitants the light has now been„turned. in more glaring fashion Thari: it; ever was. before. The curtain is lifted upon an ancient bar barism, and we see mankind in the stage of existence when weapons were first in i vented and when instruments of hus j bandry were unknown. .Nomadic tribes seareelv beyond the cannibal age, domi nated "by a belief in medicine men; and j still, in "a measure, practising promiscuity of sexual intercourse, cdntent when pro vision has been made for the next meal, swayed by customs and ceremonies whose | primeval origin is still in many cases a : mystery, are found sharing a' continent | with tlie heirs of all the ages in the fore most files of time. And some critics of. our civilisation. may think that the lot of these savages—too far removed from white settlements, it is significantly pointed out in the volume before us, to have become degraded—is not wholly unenviable^. If they are vacant of our glorious gains, they enjoy much contentment, when wallabies are hot too scarce and when the evil eye of the medicine man is still averted from them. Seated beside a waterhole, with his lubras and children, and food to be had by tlie mere exertion of throwing a spear at a kangaroo behind an adjacent sandhill, or a boomerang at an eaglehawk overhead, life to the .aborigine, is attunes "all afternoon." The tyranny of custom holds him in its sway, as it does ourselves, and he has to conform to the public opinion of his tribe. But the occasions when be is due at a corrobboree, or at some- totemic ceremony, or religious .fes tivity, still leave liim ample time, for play ing with his children, or..drumming out his' monotonous chants by .the camp fire. Shut off from contact with • external I neoples, the tribes of Central Australia liaVe received no stimulus by which they I could make any substantial advance, to wards a more complex existence. But I the authors are far froim thinking that the history of the blacks shows any retrogression. Probably they descended from a common stock, and became divided into tribes as they wandered, but their customs and social organisation, and what is known as to their weapons, do not jus tify the supposition that they have fallen from any higher'estate than their present one Tliev share with the North Ameri can'Indians the practice of dividing each tribe into groups, whose members are named after natural objects, animals, or plants, or it may be the. elements, tne wind, sun, water, or cloud. A totem, or symbol, may embrace several families; you jflay ^0 a carpofc snake, a wild drKik. a. lizard, or a water-hen, according to> the category in which your father—hi some tribes it is the mother—is included. For matrimonial 'purposes a tribe is divided into two classes, and to one or other of these classes a "totem must belong; it can not belong to both; _ Every person must marry into the opposite class; persons of the same class cannot inter-marry. Tne •two classes of the Uratounna tribe are the Matthuric and the Kirarawa. A Kira raiwa must marry a Matthuric. But more than that, it is settled .which are the totems that may inter-marry. A snake group may marry into a water-hen group; a turkey may ally himself with a cloud. In some tribes the child takes its totem from the father;'in tothers from the mo ther. Some obscurity-attaches to the ori gin of this grouping into totems, but the natives themselves believe that they are the descendants of the animals or plants or natural forces after which they are named. As to the,- marriage customs, they"1 may seem to civilised tastes to leave a good deal to be desired; and ladies about to be wedded who may feel ' any shrinking about the ceremony may be consoled if they reflect much liow more uncomfortable it sometimes proves for the dusky bride: in Central Australia. • Beyond the occasional throwing of an odd shoe." we retain nothing'to 'recall'-the ancient''and ' almost universal custom of forcible cap ture. The young lady in Adelaide may . congratulate herself that she is no~t a mem ber of a tribe in the far north by wh'ch' the.primeval custom is still indulged in.; The good old rule-and simple-plan of'' knocking your intended on the head and carrying her off bodily is sometimes in dulged in, though the more common prac tice is for unions to be arranged by the - relatives. Some authorities, ' including • Westermarck, have. denied .the - existence-: of_ any evidence for the notion that pro miscuity ever formed a general stage in the social history of mankind. But there, are surviving practices in connection with the Central'Australian' aborigine? which., suggest that communal or group marriage once prevailed, and this, in the opinion of the authors,, indicates the previous exis tence of still wider marital relations. Nothing more interesting is to be found. in the volume'than the account given of jthe-complex:.rites of initiation incident""to" the coming of age of the Australian abori gine. The universal . tendency of ■ rude races has always been to celebrate in some striking manner the arrival of manhood, and. it is curious to notice how customs more or less similar arise 'all'- over-the - world without any possibility of communications between the peoples. In civilised communities it is an excuse for feasting, but in the ease of the aborigines-a eoming-of-age is an occasion.for. testing/the-: courage "and endurance of the principal: actor. There has been long preparation'' for the event. As early as his tenth, or twelfth year the .lad- has had. one .of his, front teeth knocked outi-a ceremony, how ever; sometimes V deferred till somewhat . late in life—and has been tossed into the air by a group,of his seniors., A little later he is painted on both chest and hack, and then he is debarred from the society of the gentler sex and taught hunting, while he , has the septum of his nose bored. The in-' itiatory ceremonies are more elaborate, ex tending over many days, and include cir cumcision, ordeal> by fire, the drinking ' of blood, and what is called the "terrible rite," consisting of the sub-incision of the uretha. "Writers on the subject have been much .exercised over the question of the origin and effects of this last'opera- - tion. By some it is supposed to have been - instituted to prevent or check procreation. ' But this it does not do, according to Messrs. Spencer and Gillen, for the rite is a condition precedent to marriage itself. The family1 is kept down, but this is done-' not by checking procreation, hut by infan ticide. Children are destroyed'When there is'not sufficient food to "go round, or when they interfere with the proper discharge ,of family duties. The practice of infanti-' :eide renders it hard to account for the voluntary subiection of the men to a rite.: that must be attended with excruciating; pain and the problem, is given up by the authors as insoluble. After initiation the youth acquires the right to marry, always, however,. within . the - proper totem. Monogamy' though general, is not invariable, and the husband is given absolute disposal over tbe virtue of- his wife, whom he frequently lends" to his friends, always .subject, however,. to the law of caste. - , > : Hairing gone through life with more or. less ease, the 'dread sumiapns comes to th'e; ri black man as to the white, with this _di£-. . ference, that the aborigine does not believe, in the possibility of a natural death, even / though he might live to the age of .-MethU;:,; salah. It is always some enemy who has ,. brought about his mortal sickness by rome;:£:: occult means. As the practice of-witch-; ; craft is a capital offence pains are taken. to discover the guilty party. Tho^medi'" , cine-man is summoned and into.his ear the j." dying man will whisper the name /of the ' offender, generally his greatest" enemy, and the consequence is that one death is speedily followed by another. .Proof- of guilt always rests with the medicine-man, who sometimes arrives at a verdict by means of omens'. •; The medicine-man" is naturally much dreaded, and-is in fact the > most powerful man of the tribe. Indeed, the head man is comparatively; a: Very/' feeble personage.. The nonsense- talked./ about King Billies" is rebuked by '• the: authors, who show that the natives have' • no kings or chiefs, in the proper sense, ' but oniy a head man, who may . more pro perly be designated as President of the Council of Elders, perhaps, still better,, as master of the ceremonies. The: corpse; almost as soon as the breath has left it, is buried in a sitting posture in a round hole. A mound is raised and provision is made for the free entrance and exit of the spirit. Occasionally the body is placed' in a tree, but it- .is a-mistake to suppose, that it is left there, for :tbe bones are.al-7 ways buried. The. name of _ the deceased ' is never uttered lest the spirit should be vexed. Indeed, for a time, everything . that goes wrong in the camp is: attributed*7 to the visitation of the ghost-- of the': departed,. -which can'. / only, be 'laid: by religious ceremonies of a pro'-, tracted kind. - But the snirit, as Tlieosophists may be interested to hear,' - .ultimately reclo'thes itself in human- .f|eslu-_ (The story has often been .told-of the.native ywhose belief in a. hereafter was' summari-> sed as follows"We go down black- men;-.' j come up white roan." The aborigine lias, too, Greg's belief that the soul enters the body after and not with birth,; and arbaby, especially if it is one of: tyrihs.. and likeiy - to, give its mother trouble, is; destroyed-in-', the conviction that it will find, its way/into the world again under more favorable cir-;. cumstanees*. Consideration of ^ace ren-■ dered it necessary to leave numerous points of great interest .untouched:. The. authors. have greatly extended the knowledge "pre vidusly existing in' regard to miany of the matters dealt with, and have furnished. Australian scientific literature with a work; which will rank as the standard, one . on the subject; to which it relates. ... .flhistra-; ■ ted from photographs and admirably 1 printed, it should prove a.welcome addi tion to scientific, public, and even private libraries, its cost being by no means pro hibitive. . One of our most ''prominent lacrosse . players is Mr. C. Fotheringham. He was born at Kapunda in 1874, and was for three years in Prince Alfred '..College, He / has always been an ardent supporter, of athletics.- In 1892 he commenced- playing , lacrosse for the North Adelaide club, or which he is now the captain, and has play ed for this colony, in the 1896 and 1897 in tercolonial matches, but was unable to ob tain leave of absence to "play in last year's . match. Mr. Fotheringham has .also -dis tinguished himself in connection with ' tennis, and has played for: the-past five .or six summers with the College .Parks and. Parksides. He was first single in the latter club's, four, who secured the "premiership... in last season's.association matches. "He" has also taken an active part in pedes trianism, and is one of the hack-markers amongst South Australian "peds." 