Should Proselytism Be Encouraged. Written for the Hebrew Standard of Australasia, By Dk. POSMAN. Ill — Continuation. MONOTHEISM v. JUDAISM. ?'? Whom does that child look like ?' we some times here people ask in conversation. ' To be sure,' one will answer, ?« it looks exactly like its father. ' No,' another exclaims, ?« it is the very image of its mother.' 'You are mistaken,' a third one cries, *'it looks neither like one nor the other ;' and any Fof these three are correct. By natural laws, unknown to us as yet, the human body receives in its formation certain characteristic qualities from the part of the father, and again, certain other qualities of its own which correspond neither with father or mother. But these three char acteristic qualities are so intimately connected with one another, and so chemically blended with one another, that a correct line of separa tion cannot be drawn between them. There fore, it frequently happens that one thinks a child resembles the father, another finds it has the very looks of the mother, and a third does not see any similarity with either of the parents in it. The same phenomena we will find in the formation of religions ; and especially in Christianity, the resemblance of which cannofc be agreed upon. Christianity was the offspring of the intimate intercourse between Judaism and Paganism. Some, therefore, say that Christianity looks exactly like her mother Judaism ; others find that her father's (Pagan ism) nature is impressed upon her ; and others are sure that she is a religion altogether different from either of them. And I think all are right. Christianity born of Judais m has inherited from her the monotheistic idea, with : al) those morals and ethics which are formed ! upon it. But the child separating from her I mother in early childhood, grew up under the care and influence of her father (Paganism), I and received from him that character of Poly | theism which is found in the trinitarian idea, I and that mixture of idolatry which is still I discernible in the adoration of saints and their I representative images. But at the same time, I it cannot be denied that she received in her | formation also a certain quality of her own, 1 which cannot be found in either of her parents. 1 This certain quality is ' Proselytism,' the | proselyting zeal whinh was born with her and I is innate to her. I closed my last article with I the remarks that with the birth of Christianity I the word Proselytism was incorporated into I the vocabulary of all languages. Let us see, I therefore, how it came to pass. The time I when Jesus of Nazareth, the supposed founder I of Christianity, lived, was remarkable for its I corruption and moral depravity, The pressure of the Roman rule, the extravagance in luxury in which the higher classes debauched, and the misery from which the lower classes suffered, had become intolerable. People had degen erated and lost all manliness and selfcon fidence. They therefore expected help from without, and the belief, spread that as matters could not go on much further as they were , a general crash was to come one day or the other ; that the whole world would be upset in order to regenerate; that the low would be elevated and the high degraded. Imagination painted this general crash, which was sure to come, in such vivid colors that people shuddered at the very thought of it. At such a time Jesus appeared, and proclaimed that he had come to carry out that divine scheme, that the heavenly kingdom was near at hand, and that the day of judgment would soon dawn. Only those who believed in him would be exempt from the general punishment. Such a declaration fell like a thunderbolt upon the hearts of the terror stricken people. They wished to secure their own safety as well as that of their rela tives and friends, and they commenced pro- ' selyting. Can any one blame them for doing so ? Love was the prime principle of their zeal. The philanthropist persuaded himself that the divine wrath would soon be felt, and that the day of Noachian deluge, or the days of Sodom and Gomorah would be repeated. This fear propagated the only remedy against this horrible calamity, and the belief in Christ was established. The mother, looking forward with fear, wished her children and her husban d saved out of the ruins of the tottering universe and persuaded them to undergo the rite of baptism. And thus became every new convert an ardent advocate of the new faith, urged by the love for their friends, and here it is how proselytism was established and organised for love's sake. But that general calamity did not occur. Jesus of Nazareth was crucified by the Romans, and his disciples died away one after the other. The Roman empire, though declin ing, remained still powerful enough to com mand respect. The world went its old crooked way; war after war raged the wicked tri umphed and the virtuous suffered, but the day of judgment did not dawn ; and the heavenly kingdom was not established. The disap pointed church, therefore, found a place for it in a sphere into which no human eye could penetrate — the heavenly kingdom was removed beyond the tomb. The day of judgment was postponed till after death, but its terrors had now a free scope. The happiness of the faithful and the punishment of the wicked was so vividly described that love became again the mainspring for the proselyting work of the faithful. People dreading the everlasting flames of perdition, tried their very best to save their children, relatives, and friends from its eternal pains, and the new religion spread furiously, As long as young Christianity remained within - the limits ol the pure monotheistic idea, a great number of Jews became zealous converts, but when she abolished one sacred law after another to suit the Gentiles, the number of Jewish converts decreased, while the number of ' Gentile proselytes increased. The Gentile influence was'soon felt under the circumstance. Christianity had to yield in one of the most prominent principles. The Gentile converts could not do without a visible God. The belief in an invisible God was to him equal to atheism, and in order to overcome that deficiency, the; founder of Christianity was deified. Christ was made the son of God, and the mysticism at first was a dualistic, and afterwards a trini tarian idea grew up Now the polytheist as well as the monotheist could rest safe in the bosom of the church. For the monotheist re- ;: tained his invisible one God, in God father, the polytheist was silent with the co-existence of God, son, and holy ghost. To the monotheist Christianity said, 'God is invisible;' to the Pagan they gave a crucifix or a dove for adora- ; tion. Thus the compromise was effected, and from this basis Christianity progressed rapidly. After a straggle of three centuries the Christian church was recognised by the State. Con stantine, the Roman Emperor, embraced Christianity, and when he was once in power]- the table turned again. Love as the sole motor ?)'' for pro-seiytism was abandoned. The idea was born that the Christian church was destined to subject all the world to her sway, that the whole world should be ruled by one ecclesias tical head— by the Bishop of Rome ; and then 'when all this was effected, the heavenly kingdom turely be established on earth. The success shat had accompanied, her so far, was more than inspiring, and the holy war was com menced. Gentiles were converted now, either by love or force, by the power of arms. Where ?ever a Christian emperor or king carried his victorious banner, the defeated nations were proselytised, either by love or by force But in her rapid progress, the Christian churches had ?one strong antagonist from all the rest, and this powerful antagonist was Judaism. The Jew could not be mystified as easily as the barbarian. The Jew at the same time had preserved the knowledge of the Hebrew language, he could show in his old Bible all those passages in the right light in which the Christian church at that time had either forcibly misinterpreted or forced. The Jew still adhered to the pure monotheistic idea. The Jew still ? knew so much of arithmetic thab no power in the world could persuade or convince him that three is ?equal to one, or one is equal to three. The Jew still remembered that the Christian God Tvas a Jew of do great celebrity in his time. He had died, executed by the Romans as a revo lutionist The Jew still knew that all those glorious and brilliant morals and ethics of which Christianity made a proud display, were stolen from the treasury of his nation, and was always ready to prove the theft. Such an antagonist could not be endured, and the church determined to get rid of him. A Pagan 'wesee could reduce the number of his gods to three; but the Jew would not add in any way to his invisible God. Judaism could be removed only by force so they thought, and the church therefore decided to proselyte the Jews by force Without any plausible reason the Jews were deprived of their rights. They were outlawed, anathematized. They were not permitted to settle down in any country ; all laws oi protection were denied to them. Jiings and noblemen, priests and laymen, disunited as they were in other affairs, were always ready to hunt, to persecute, and to pillage the Jew. And -even such measures could not proselyte the Jpw. If I should describe all the sufferings, all the misery that the Jewish nation endured, from the fourth to the 18th century, I would require at least as many pages for that task than the lines in this paper granted to me. Thtre is no one city on the continent where a pyre wa« net erected to roast the Jews upon. There is no river in the old country where Jews were not forcibly drowned. There is no acre of land in the old country were the soil was not fertilized with the Jewish blood ; and still all these severe measures were used to pro :Selyfce the Jews. And as it was in olden tiroes, so even it is in our enlightened century. The modus operandi which Christianity displays in ?our day is neither love, nor power. It is pride ; therefore, she proselytes to-day in a business like manner. I need not tell the readers of this paper how many millions of sterling is -spent every year to convert the Jews, or to proselyte them, and still their zeal is of very little use. Remember that no had Jew will ever make a good Christian. As long as we trust in Israel's God, as long as the Jew is proud of his religion, so long can we rest in peace, and no fear is needed of the proselyting zeal at the close of the nineteenth century Remember that , pronely tism was born with Christianity. Its first motor was love ; afterwards it was replaced by the stronger motor, power \ and now, vain pride turns the crank of the proselyting machine. Judaism has experienced all of them, and resisted all of them. But not Christianity only, §ven Mohamedanism proved to be a proselyting religion, which I shall explain in the next article. (To be continued.) Dr. Posman intimates his willingness to answer any question regarding the subject of his article. Enquiry to be address'd to the Editor, or to Dr. Posman, Kox 298 Gf P.O. Sydney. 