. The School Maid and Her Father. Girls are generally credited with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents ; probably maternal influence is responsible for this. Boys — school boys at &Dy; rale— are pretty well ail tarred with the tame brush, their - first etep in the direction of striking for liberty not infrequently amounting to playing traant from school, or ' wagging it,' as it is fre quently termed. Whatever the early offences of young ladies may be, they have rarely been charged with that of playing traant. As an instanoe of obedience to paternal wishes may be quoted the following : — Miss Alioe Marner is the daughtei of Mr. George Marner, of ' Lamington.' Victoria Road, Auburn. Mies Marner bad been -very ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a continued languid feeling tb&t; made her feel most miserable. In the course of conversation with a reporter she said :— 'Father took. me to see. a dootor, and I.e said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had TO' inclination to do so, there w»b no fear of my disobeying thiB Order, and I took the 'quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then. I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and baok, and at night I con'd scarcely get My rest.' '~ ]; ' We tried everything to induce elesp,' interposed Mr. Marner, 'but it nad 1V0 effect; then I coubulleJ a well-koov n Collins Street practitioner. He s«id my daugnter was suffering principally fron weakness, and advised a change. H-jt mother took her away for a trip to Qaeena land, but she returned looking worse. 8: e would also retch on rising in the morning j and iood taken. could not be kept down, She lost flesh and became a mere ghost.' . ' JhiB time last year,' said Miss Alias, 'I Weighed 7st. 31hs., now I am 9at. 7lbs.' ??ji. greas improvemeni; ; y.-Hr ireatmeut must have been beneficial ? ' ' No ; all the medicine I got did me very little good.. Actually Dr. Williams' pii.k pills for pale people deserve that credit. JuBt before the Jubilee holidays last year father bought me a box of Dr. William 1' p;nk pills at Mr. Pleasaoce'e, Chapel Secret, Prahran. I had heard so mnoh of the bene ficial changes whioh they bad produced in , othere. that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow the directions. 1 am glad to say that they did me so muub goo-i that I continued with them. It is a loqg time since I discontinued takiog them, and I am now aB healthy as auyone could wish.' ' And you would recommend them ? ' ' Yes ; and that strongly, too,' said Mr. Marner, 'had I known of Dr. Williams'., pink pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds.' A perusal of the foregoing must have shown you that Dr; Williams' pink pills for pale peoj.le accomplish cores after other remedies have failed. They did in Miss Marner'a case. For rheumatism, influenzi, bronchitis, pneu monia,, sciatica, lumbago, general weakne a, eto,, given a fair trial, they never disappoit.t Avoid substitutes and get the genuine pills with all seven words — Dr. Williams' pii.k pills -for pale people — printed in red ink on white outside wrapper. f Of chemists and storekeepers, and the Dr. Williams' Mer!i-; dine Co., 'Adelaide. -§.&,-; BJX boxes fifteen and threepence, ope box two shillings aid ninppenoe, fpoBt paid. These are the pills which aured Miss Marner. 