THE MISSING HEIR OF CALLONBY. By Mrs. G. Sheldon, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels, ' » The Masked Bridal," Eto. CHAPTER XV. tiie old gardener's 8toey, The months sped on, and nothing oc curred to mar the pleasure of the two young girls who had bo unexpectedly dis covered their kinship. They studied together, and now that Nora was freed from her wearisome cares, she progressed very rapidly and gave fair nromise of even outstripping Madge. Her musio and painting, for which she seemed to possess a peculiar talent, soon became the admiration of the whole school. , t „ The days and weeks passed peacefully and rapidly by, and had it not been for the presence of tho matron, there would havo been naught but sunshine. As it was, she allowed no opportunity to pass to irritate Madge, either by insinuations regarding her future prospects with a certain gentleman, or by sneers concern ing Nora, whom she pretended to consider an upBtart and an artful impostor. But Madge was so supremely happy in her love for Nora that she would not allow herself to be troubled, and the venomous shafts thus levelled at her by Mrs Upton passed harmlessly by, meeting only her haugh tiest scorn, which, by the way, Beeined to disturb that vicious lady not a little. The end of the first year came, the first examination aud commencement was passed by these happy maidens with credit, both to themselves and their teachers. Mr Dispeau had made arrangements for liia wife and two daughters, as he called them, to pass the long summer vacation at a fashionable resort among the moon ains ; and, having Been them comfortably .settled in their hotel, he bade them a loving farewell, aud sailed for Europe on a reconnoitring tour for Nora, He made his way directly to Callonby, vhere he spent two months in the vicinity of the castle studying the cha racter of Lord Callonby, gathering inci dents pertaining to his life since he came into the title, and exploring the grouuds of the estate and the ruins of the Old Castle. Knowing all he did, it did not take much penetration to discover that the spurious lord possessed an uneasy con science, although he strove to conceal his feelings by a bland and pleasing exterior, and with reckless abandon entered into all the excitement which his position and wealth afforded. Mr Dispeau had no desire to come into personal contact with the Lord of Callon by ; he wished to study him from a dis tance, for he might have to meet him in the future, and did not wish to be known until the right time should come. From an old gardener on the Callonby estate, whose tongne he loosened with geucrous golden tipB, Mr Dispeau learned much concerning tho tragic occurrences with which the reader is already familiar. The gardener could not comprehend why the old steward should have sounaccouut ably disappeared, taking all his books and vouchers with him. Mr Dispeau also learned from him that the present earl had spread the report that Miss Nora, tired of the world, had voluntarily im mured herself in a convent. One evening, as Mr Dispeau was view ing the lonely ruins of the Old Castle by moonlight, be was stealthily approached by a swarthy and villainous-looking tramp, who evidently intended to rob him. The former, however, was too alert and vigorous to fall an easy prey to such a character, and soon had the scoundrel by the throat. From remarks dropped by tho wretch, in a conversation which en sued, Mr Dispeau gleaned that tho tramp was uot a stranger in the neighborhood — that he had been there some two years before — he had just returned from Ame rica, whore he hadspent six months— that be had performed Bomo important service for the Lord of Callonby, aud had not becu sufficiently rewarded, and that it was his intention to call on the earl on the morrow. instantly Mr Dispeau's thoughts re verted to tho 44 evil-looking man "whom Nora had soeu her uncle give the bag of money so long boforo. Thinking that the fellow could explain some of the strange doings of those days, he offered to pay him liberally for any important information, and added that if lie thought favorably of his proposition, he could call upon him at the Callonby Arms, where it was his intention to re main for three days longer. The fellow suddenly became wary, and ik furiher information could be obtained from him. The two so strangely met soon after acjiarated, Mr Dispeau still hopeful that the man would call upon him, eager to sell his secret, if he had one to sell. But tho throe days pasBcd, and be cimc not, and thongh Mr lfispeau made inquiries about the man, he could not learn that he had been seen bv anyone gave himself Almost sick from nervous ness and disppointinent, he returned to London, and from there proceeded to pay his brother in France a short visit before returning to tho United States. CHAPTER XVL the unwelcome visitor. The morning fallowing the meetiog of Mr Dispeau with the evil-looking villain among tbe ruins of the Old Oastle, Lord Callonby sat in his excellent library awaiting the sound of the breakfast-bell. He had been up several hoars, for, al though he was a pleasure-loving man, and appreciated all the luxuries which his wealth enabled him to enjoy, yet he never allowed himself to neglect the interests of hiB estate. Nothing escaped his critical eye —every paper pertaining to it, every account with tenant or servant, was closely examined by him, and woe to the unlucky steward if an error were dis covered therein. He had made many improvements at Callonby during his short reign there, and it was now noted as tbe 44 grandest" and "best kept' country scat for miles around. The morning sunlight streamed in cheerfully at the broad bay window, lightjng the room attractively, and my lord was evidently In a very comfortable frame of mind, for a satisfied smile curved his lips, and he was lightly humming a strain from some popular opera. A knock at the door was followed by the entrance of a servant 44 My lord," he said, respectfully, "there is a man at the area -door, who desires to speak with your lordship/1 44 Who is he — what is his name 9" de manded my lord. 44 1 do not know ; he looks like a beg gar. yet seems too independent for that/' " What is his name, i asked .you ?" said Lord Oallonby, impatiently. 44 He wonld not give it— said it was no matter about that, but he had important business with you, sir." " Send the EASoal In, then, and 111 soon make him tell hiB name," answered Lord Oallonby, authoritatively. The man'bowed and left the room, but soon returned with the strange evil-look ing villain with whom "Mr Dispeau had had the encounter the previous night. Ho lot him into Hie library, then imme diately retired, closing the door after him. Lord Oallonby looked np curiously and rather Bterniy, as the man advanced, In a shuffling, half-defiant way. One glanoe was sufficient. There was a momont'e utter silence, while the two men stood eye to eye, then a startling oath burst from his lordship's lips, as he leaped upon his feet, every drop of blood receding from his face, leaving him as p≤ as ashes. 41 What does tbis mean 1" he gasped, with an oath. 44 1 suppose I do give you something of a start, my lord ; my coming is rather un expected ; but none of us know what a day may bring forth," replied the man, with an insolent leer. 44 But you solemnly swore that you would never Bhow yonr face in England again." 44 1 know 1 did, my lord, but I found that none but my native air wonld agree with me, so I've returned to my 4 ain countrie ' once more." 44 Tou might have kept out of my way, then ; it is very uncomfortable to me to see you again," retorted his lordship, with a savage scowl. 44 1 don't doubt it ; but we can't have everything our own way in this world, thongh 1 mast say you've succeeded hot ter than most people." 44 Hold yonr insolent tongue, you dog, or it shall be the worse for yon. I sup pose you want something of me, or you wouldn't bo here. Out with it, aud then be off." 44 You aro correct in your surmises, my lord, 1 do want something of you. lwant some money, I'm cleaned out entirely, haven't oven so much as a farthing to help me to a breakfast, and I'm hungry as a starving tiger." And he began to beat a tattoo upon his empty atomach with his claw-like fingers. 44 That is bad, truly, and I never refuse a person in need, so take that and feast yourself," Lord Oallonby replied, sarcas tically, and threw him a guinea. The wretch picked it up and pocketed it with a griu. 44 Generous, aren't ye, now? This'll buy me a good breakfast enough, but wheu it's gone I'll be wanting more like it, so I'll give ye a polite invitation to pass me over a big handful more of the same kind." 44 Curse your insolence 1 I paid you a hundredfold more in the first place than I ought. There was enough to set you up handsomely in some profitable business ; if you've spent it foolishly I'm not to blame. Get out of here quickly, or I'll ring the bell aud have you put out." And the angry man's face was crimson with passion. 44 No you won't, my lord. I shall stay here till 1 get good and ready to go, and if you are so imprudeiit as to call aoyono to use violence upon me, I shall feet it my duty to seek the justice, and relate a little story that might interest him more than it would benefit you. I did that job up neatly for you ; there aro not many fathers who woold be as accommodating as I was, even for three or four hundred pounds, though 1 was well satisfied then. But I've been unfortonato since, and I must have another hundred to day, and you must give it to me." 44 1 will not," retorted the lord, with a scowl of hate. 44 uh, yes, ye will, my noble lord— ye know ye'll have to come to it." 44 You lie 1 You can prove nothing ; your word would not be taken before mine, and no one knows of that traneac cion save you aud me ; and as for being bled in my pocket every time you take a notion for a hundred pounds, I will not stand it ; so get you gone, and at once." The angry man glared at him furiously, and taking a step or two forward (for he had risen) he appeared about to enforce his command. But tho dark-browed vil lain bofcro him never quailed nor moved ; laughing a derisive, tantalising laugh, he said : 44 Now, my lord, that were not polite, and folks that live in high life should ?ever forget their manners. But 1 think ye'll regret it if ye don't change yer mind about the hundred poundB. 1 don't know all about yer plottings and chicanery, it is true, but 1 know enough to make it pretty hot for ye, if I should tell a magistrate enough to arouse his curiosity, and make him inquire into your actions. It does look rather strange already to some that p whole family should die and disappear so mysterious like, and all in so short a time, while you, that could have been heir in no other way, should come into possession of this great property so slick and easy, it might make it bad for you if any of them should happen to come to light some fine day — they do say, even now, that the young lord's ghost haunts the forest lake, and I bethink me it might be more uncomfortable for ye to meet him than me ; it'll be & wonder if he don't appear to ye some of these fine nights.' 41 Be quiet, will you ?" came spasmodi cally from the earl's rigid lips. He bad fallen back in his chair doriug the villain's harangae, and now aat there whito and affrighted, shaking as with tbe ague, while his eyes seemed fairly starting from his head at the visions which the man's fearfnl words seemed to conjure up. 44 Sorry to disturb you so, my lord, but I can't bo quiet just yet. I'm afeer'd yer nervos aren't quite so strong as they were two or three years ago. I reckon if 1 should tell ye who I saw last night ye wouldn't be qnite so easy as ye are now in yer mind." 44 Whom did yon see— what do you mean ! Stop your insolent torture, aud come to the point at ouoe !" almost screamed the now thoroughly frightened man. 41 1 don't know his name, and never eaw him before. He were a fine-looking gentleman, and he were making strange inquiries about your lordship. He said this much, that he were a stranger from America, but he took a mighty unoom- moo interest in Oallonby, and be seems to think ye didn't come into yer title and estate in jest the most honorable way in the world." 44 Ha 1 what is this you are telling me 9 A strange man from America making in quiries about me, aod charging me with dishonor. Are you living so as to get your money, or what do you mean 1" demanded Lord Oallonby, in a very agitated man ner. M Not a lie, yer honor. I were hiding in tbe ruins, waiting for daylight, eo as to come to you, when he came upon me, and beforo f could get out of bis way, he had me by the throat. He said be knew well enough there had been foal play here at Callonby, and even aocused me of having a hand in it." - « Geod heavens 1 Who can he be, and what does he nun 9 I know no one in America, and hew could anyone there know anything about me 9" exclaimed his lbrdahip, aghast, aad, rising again; he began excitedly to -pace the room. 4< I know nothing about him, yer honor, only what I toll ye. He were a precious close-mouthed fellow about his own affairs, though heEaid he had no personal claim on property, but did not like to aee the wicked triumph in wrong. He made me a mighty fine offer, though, to tell him what I knew about it." 41 He made you an offer 1 What, bribe you 9 Did he offer you money to betray me 9" 44 That he did, bit. He said he'd give me my own price, be it little or much, if I knew anything wrong about you and would tell it ; and more than this, that I might consider it for the next three days, ana come to him, at the Oallonby Arms, if I wanted to see him.1 Lord Oallonby was more thoroughly aroused and troubled by this intelligence than be had been in oarrying out all his nefarious designs heretofore. He made the man sit down and relate again every oocurrence of the night before, making notes here and there as bo went along. He could not understand it. What oould it all mean, that a person, an utter stranger, sbonld thus come to haunt him, and threaten to plunge him from the heights of his prosperity into the depths of degradation ? 44 He's a precious sharp one now, I tell ye," said the man, as he concluded his story, 44 and he'b got a notion in his head regarding the fate of the late Oallonby family, and I warn ye he means to keep a sharp eye on yer lordship." 44 Yes, yes, yes 1" muttered his lord ship, nodding his head at each word, and bending all his energies to think who the mysterious stranger could be. 4 I thought Fd give your honor the first chance, seeing as you did the band- some thing for me in the beginning, and then if ye failed to do yer duty, I'd make some bargain with the other chap," con tinued the man, with a cunning gleam in his evil eyes. 44 You did right, my man, and I am obliged to you for your consideration," replied Lozd Callonby, accepting tbe in evitable as gracefully as he could, adding : 44 You shall have your hundred pounds, and mark you, if you will find out who this stranger is, get his name and address, and bring them to me, I will give yon an extra hundred. Now go into the servant's ball, and tell them to give you some breakfast, and do not let mesee yonr face again, unless you come to bring me some definite information regarding this man ; (or strange as it may seem, your Bociety is not very congenial to me," he con cluded, with a ghastly smile. Turning to his safe he counted out the hundred pounds, aud shoved thorn across the table to his companion, who quickly gathered the money up, with a muttered "thank ye, sir," aud then hurried from the room. Ha did not stop for his breakfast in the servants' hall, but glided out at the front entrance, notwithstanding the blaok lookB of the housekeeper, who happened to be passing through the great hall at that moment, and walked swiftly in tho direction of the village. Lord Callonby did not heed the break fast bell when it rang, and refused to e&t; when a servant brought him something on a salver. He sat hours, pondering upon the strange story he had heard. He suffered agony at the thooght of au un known enemy ; he could fight, and fight bravoly, if ho kuew whom he was to encounter, and knew how to arrange his forces ; but this enemy in ambush was a terror to him. It would be worse than death now, to lose his wealth, title, aud position. Months passed, and as the villain to whom ho had given the hundred pounds did not show himself again, and he did not hear anything further regarding the mysterious strauger, gradually his anxiety ceased, and he gave himself np to his former enjoyments once more. ..La CHAPTER XVU. AT THE ADIRONDACK. Mrs Preston Pontiao and her interests have been long neglected by ns, and it is but justice to that wily woman, consider ing her numerous plots and plans, and the important part she has in connection with this story, that she should be brought upon the stage of action. After the serious quarrel between her son and Mr Dispeau, which had well- nigh cost Ihetu their luxurious home, she turned over a new leaf, or seemed to, in the journal of her life. She appeared so humble and penitent, and so exerted her self to make amends for her son's in gratitude, that Mrs Dispeau, whose health seemed to be failing, was quite won over by her delicate attentions, and began to think that Frances was not really eo bad at heart after all. She was well-educated, cultivated, and refined, and having for so many years moved in the best of society, through the influence of Mr Dispeau's family, she had the most perfect self- possession, and could adapt herself to the capacity of any one. She had a low, sweet voice, and was a good reader, and little by little she tempted Mrs Dispeau, who had been pro hibited by her physician from reading, to listen to her until she came to be her con stant companion. In tbis way she gained the opportunity she coveted — that of knowing all that went on withio tbe house; she knew whenever a letter was received from Madge, aud usually was successful in making herself acquainted with its oon- tents. Once, however, she was foiled com pletely, for the letter containing Nora's sad history was carefully garded until its contents had been well considerod, and destroyed ; for Mr Disposu did note steem it safe to keep anything so momentous opon paper, as its discovery might lead to disastrous results. Madame Frances was on the alert the instant she realised that there was some thing mysterious in those closely written pages, and her curiosity was aroused to the highest pitch, when, immediately after, Mr Dispeau made a journey to — Institute, which she knew must have been caused by Madge's lettei. Her sou, Fred, was instantly called to a consultation, and a letter at onoe des patched to Madame Upton ; but beyond the story which was allowed to go abroad in the sohool— that Mr Dispeau had adopted Nora — they oould learn nothing. Not until just before the summer vacation and Mr Dispeau's tour abroad, was anything said about it in the family ; then Mrs Dispeau informed Mrs Pontiao that her husband had adopted ber daughter's friend, who would return with her at the olose of the school, and that henoeforth she was to be considered a member of the family, and would share equally with Madge in everything. Knowing this much already, Mrs Pon- tlao's curiosity was not abated one iota, while her son was much exercised as he recalled Mrs Upton's words regarding Nora during his interview with her at the institute ; there seemed to be some mystery connected with the Irish charity scholar ; and he believed that there was more in this new arrangement than was made manifest to any one. Their perplexity was uot relieved, nor their curiosity abated, even after the arrival of Hie lovely stranger. Preparations were immediately begun for their departure to the mountains, and Mr Dispeau journeyed abroad upon 14 important business. ' This was such an on thought of pro ceeding on his part, that they could account for it in t-i way, as he had no businoae onnncfcioii with Europe, and ft-.d alwsy? »aid ho should not visit the old country," nuUl Madge's education should W pieteu, when he intended to take his family, ipake a tour abroad, and visit the count, his brother. 44 1 can't understand it ; something is going on without doubt, which we are unable to fathom," said Frederick Pon tiao , during the consultation with his mother on the. subject, an3 evidently very much out of temper on acoount of it. 44 Important business!" repeated his mother. 44 1 do not dotjbt that, and it is that very importance which nettles me so. I'll wager anything it is oonnected with that girl—there is more connected with hor advent in this family than we know- of." 44 Of that I am folly oonvlnoed, and have been ever since I first saw her. No beggar could ever carry herself as Bhe does ; there is blue blood in hor veins, or £ am much mistaken," returned hiB mother. 44 That is so without doubt. She is as dainty a bit of flesh and blood as I ever beheld in my life. Not proud and regal like Madge, but sweet and lovable as an angel, yet posBeBBing a certain dignity, almost hauteur, that keeps everybody at a proper distance." 14 Really Fred, you are beooming en thusiastic. I fear Madge's star is on the wane," laughed his mother, sarcastically. 44 Not a bit of it ; Madge is a fixed planet. But any one can see with half an eye that Miss Dispeau's friend and protegee is far above the average of humanity/' 44 There is another mysterious thing connected with her," Mrs Pontiac said. 44 1 slipped ioto her room the other day when they were all out shopping, and found the loveliest jewels in her casket — they fairly make my eyes ache to look at them. She has one ring that would buy all that I possess, a necklace that is perfectly dazzling, a (jismond aud emerald cross, and other rings fit for a princess. £ know Albert Dispeau never bought her those jewels, for they are far more valu able than any Madge has, besides being very different in style from what is worn here. But what struck me as most siogular of all, was an elaborate star engraved on each separate piece, with the letters, 0. V. H. C. in the four spaces between the points, and in the fifth the initals 0. 0." 41 Ha ? what do you say ? That ia a coat of arms I Depend upon it, little Miss Mystery is au exile of noble birth in disguise, aud Albert Dispeau's business abroad is to reinstate her, it possible, in her former position I" exclaimed the young man, excitedly. 44 Pshaw, Fred the romantic element in your nature carries you beyond all reason. What possible connection can tbe initials C. C. have with the name of Nora McNeal 9" 44 None, apparently, but there is such a thing as assuming a false name ; and putting this and that together, the old man's journey to Europe, the mysterious star and letters, the sudden interest in, and adoption of one rf whom nobody know anything beforo, all mean some thing more than appears on the surface. You know there is a title in the Dispeau family ; and, mark my words, the girl will prove to be some sort of a relative, and in some way connected with a coronet I it is all very vexatious to be kept so in the dark, and you do not seem to have uBed your o&rs; to quite so good an advantage as usual," concluded the young man, impatiently. 44 1 have tried to, you may bo assured ; but the utmost secrecy seems to bo observed on this subject in the family. No allusion is ever made to her having recently become an inmate of the house hold, and a Btranger would never imagine but that she had been born and brought op with Madge. 44 1 do not kaow why it is, but I have a fear that something is to come of it all, to interfere with my plans regarding Madge, "said Frederick Pontiac, moodily ; adding : 44 1 need not urge you, I sup pose, to be wary and watchful." 44 They go to tbe mountains next week," replied his mother, evasively. 44 They 1 Aren't you included in the party 9" he demanded, sharply. 44 No. Albert gave me a cheque for five hundred, 4 to go somewhere and take a rest with,' she said. 1 am confident that Madge is at the bottom of it, the hateful minx, for I can see she regards mo with suspicion ; and even the fact of my being on the boat of terms with her mother does not deceive her. 1 can't force myself on them, so 1 am going to Long Branch and havo a good time. To tell the truth, I am lather weary of playing the spy, and trying to bo good, it does not pay — is not exciting enough, and I shall bo glad to escape it for a while," Mrs Pon tiac answered, with a yawn. 44 But everything depende upon our knowledge of their movements. Cannot you manage some way to go with them ? I'm afraid Madge will meet some one she will like, and then I shall have a time of it, indeed." 44 No i I'm not going to be trammelled with watching a chit of a girl like her. 1 shall go to Long Branch ; so say no more about it," returned his mother, deci sively. 44 Then I shall follow thorn to tho mountains myself. 1 suppose M. C. Roberta will accompany his inamorata," sneered the dutiful Bon. 44 Oh, yes, 1 presume ho'll follow in my train as long as he thinks there is any chance for him. He is very convenient, though, poor fellow." she laughed. 44 You d better marry him, and havo done making a fool of both him and yourself," retorted Fred, spitefully. 44 No, indeed, thank you ; as I can't have the one I'd like, I'll have none." 44 Pshaw I At all events, 1 shall go myself to the mountains, if yon do not," he replied. 44 Yes, and get unmercifully snubbed for your troable. I think you are a down right fool, Fred j there are plenty of girls with fair fortunes whom you might marry if you chose j aud before I'd struggle and tight so for that hussy I would avail myself of the winning smiles of some one else." 44 Thank you ; you would arrange it all very nicely, I've no doubt. But, to quote your own sentiments, if I cannot have the' one 1 want, I'll not have any. No, madame, I will marry Madge Dispeau, or I will ruin myself in the attempt to get her," he concluded, fiercely. 44 1 know what 1 will do," he exclaimed, after seve ral minutes' deop thought. '4 1 will send the Iter. Priacilla along as spy-general, and if she doesn't vatch well no one will. If she sends me evil tidings, I will go and abduct Madge on the spot, and foioe her to marry me. I expect it will have to come to that in the end any way." 44 Do as you like, only don't ask me to go. If Albert were going to be of the party, 1 might be tempted, not other wise/1 said Mrs Pontiac, and the matter was settled. The Dispeau family left for the Adiron- docks the next week. They had rooms at a first-olass hotel in one of the charming villages which nestle so cosily in the sha dow of those everlasting hills. They were oharmed with everything at onoe. The mountain air was purity itself; their rooms, whioh were cheerful and ele gant, commanded a magnificent view. Their host was a pleasaat and genial man, and untiring in his attentions, and they congratulated themselves heartily upon being so comfortably aud delightfully situated. Imagine the dismay ol Madge and Nora, then, on going down to dinner the day after their arrival to behold Madame Upton sitting in serene dignity directly opposite their own seats at table. She gave the young ladies a most affable greeting, enlarging upon the unexpected pleasure (?)' of meetiog them there, etc., and theu east a look of anxious expectation towards Mrs Dispeau Beyond a haughty bow from Madge, and a gentle, though cool, 44 How do you do, Mrs Upton 9" from Nora, no farther notioe was taken of that lady during tbe meal, and she was obliged to eat her din ner in uncomfortable eilence, and without the coveted introduction to Madge's mother. ' The proud, arrogant jade 1 she shall smart for this if I over have the chance to make her," soliloquised the Iraie matron, as Bhe eyed the party askance fiom behind her gold-bowed spectacles. She had cast aside the silver- bowed ones since the promise of tho money from Pontiac, 41 Such insufferable insolence t will not tolerate," cried indignant Madge, when they wero in their rooms again. 44 It is some moro of Frederick Pontiac's work," she continued; 44 but I shall spoil his little game 'for him. As for having our summer ruined and our actions spied upon, it shall not be. 44 Madge, Madge, what ib the matter ; and what are you talking eo passionately about 9" demanded Mrs Dispeau, who had been watching her angry daughter in surprise. 44 You remarked that woman opposite us at dinner, did you not, mamma ?" 44 Yes, dear, and I thought her rather prepossessing in appearance. I wondered that you did not introduce me, as you both seemed to know her/' 44 1 did not choose to please her onough to do that." 44 Madge, what has come over you 9 I never saw you display such a spirit of viodictiveness before." 44 1 will tell you, mamma, and you'll own 1 have cause. I have not mentioned it before, because you had bo much else to think of, besides not being well, and while at school I thought I ought to fighc my own battles. And I did, with Nora's help, most gloriously." And Madge glanced over at Nora with a meaning smile. She then related all Mrs Upton's petty persecution both of herself and Nora ; describing her interview in the school parlor with Fred Pontiac, and the conspi racy wlyoh she felt confident, from his own admissions, he hAd formed with tho matron, and ended by proclaiming her the spy and accomplice of that young man. (To be Continued). 