Billiards. A WORKING SWINDLES. About this time of the year many billiard-saloons have handicaps in which the prizes (composed principally of the entry money of'competitors) frequently total up to a 'substantial amount. Although these prizes almost invariably take the form of cash, the participants may be amateur to a man, t in which case the wioner vindicates bis unprofessional status by a- premise, often forgotten as soon as made, __ expend-the money in the purchase of some stipulated article. To a tolerably good cueist, hampered with no particular regard for honesty, and skilled in the art popu larly known as " kidding," these contests are looked forward to as an almost certain means of pocketing considerable sums, and the writer has every w reason ;abun to 10 believe uenuve that mat this tms loroi form 01 of sharping" has of late years developed into a Business. Should the sharp enter a competition as a stranger, he will not be given Riven the ghost of a chance of effecting his object, while if his true form is known his chances will be little, if anv. any. improved. Hie modus operandi, there fore, is carried out on a very different tack. A week or two before the handicaps are likely to be framed he frequents a few saloons where he is unknown, aud loses to the worst players luck puts in his way, time after time, with surprising perseverance. Many shillings leave his pockets in liquidation of " hundreds up ;" but well he knows he is giving himself an excellent cbancc of realising fifty-fold. The piobable tequel is that, when the "weights" appear fur the various tournaments, the sharp finds himself the recipient of points which virtually places a few first prizes at his mercy, allowing that he has the good fortune to steer clear of brother rogues. Indeed, his chief anxiety will not be the mere annexation of a prize, but in capturing it too easily he may invite exposure and disqualification The proprietor of a Metropolitan billiard saloon can tell a pretty tale of one scheming customer. A crowd of over 250 persons entered for his last Christmas handicap, and ai each paid 5s of entry money, there was some £60, plus a £20 note given by the proprietor, available for prizes. Large as the number of competitors was, however, a player had only to win seven ties consecutively to lift the handsome sum of A fortnight before the issue of the individual handicaps a stranger made the saloon his nightly rendezvous, spariug no pains to illustrate that he was a tyro imbued with the fond ambition to perpetrate a ten-break, and absurdly happy when he performed the feat. So admirably did he dissemble, that he found himself handicapped alonngside the greatest duffers at the game He won bis first three ties without occasioning anything but mild sur prise. In the fourth, however, he caused some excitement by bca'.ing the favorite, who imagined he had the greenest tyro to deal with. The fifth man to throw down the gauntlet was flushed with his own prowess and confident of blighting the . pretensions of the mysterious, awkward-playing new man. Despite his most desperate efforts, however, he could never get in front of his opponent, who kept scoring _ haphazard way, which nothing but the most signal good luck . could , ,, account \ for.. The " sharp" survived other two hurdles without lilt raising ramlnfv anything anirr.nlno pvr"pnr except admiration for his surprising pluck, and reached the final, which was down to be played a week later on. Next morning, finding the saloon etuply, the "sharp" took up a cue ajd was executing some miraculous cannons with faultless grace when the proprietor came quietly in He shtewdly suspected foul play, but kept his thoughts to himself. The sharp's opponent in the final was a promising beginner, also ou the limit mark, and this man the saloon keeper determined should beat the other. Hastily confiding in this gentleman, it was arranged that he should train his very hardest during the next six days under the direotion of a distinguished professional. At the end of that time there followed a eame not likely to he forgotten by those who witnessed it. Conscious of the immense advantage the handicap had given him, the sharp allowed his opponent a £00d deal of rope, and net until the last hundred had been entered upon did he lay himself seriously out to overhaul him To his surprise and no little anxiety, the other answered gamely and kept ahead. In vain did he throw aside the mask and reveal his true form in magnificent cushion work. He failed bylialf-a-dozen points to draw level with his determined opponent, whose victory, was cheered with a vigor seldom exercised in the billiard-room. 