fa pfo ' OB, j,ff Both Woo Her Heritage. By Mrs. G. Sheldon, of "The Misaing Heir of | l01®3 „ „ The Masked Bridal," Etc. ft llonby. < CHAPTER XXXIII. -or words ka>g like the knell of " doom. t- «ho plot the destruction of others, often W1 themselves." Mr Ladd made a second visit to Hazel- H«.hts on the afternoon of the day mIS ' w first call, and stated to Mra tola thai he had had an important Mrrieff fttth che opposing counsel, auu ff tit Mr Basil Meredith. . w. na8ii Meredith I" Inez interposed i&itpV; l " ffliat has he t0 do witl1 thia ""fh'1 pardon me : I Bhonld have stated I,,... thai Mr Meredith intends to W Mrs Kalph Plympton withm a few ?- aud so has authority to conduct Jet' afters m connection with her lawyer," «ton could not have been irtf she Rd beo11 dead aa sde 1Bl eaed w this continuation of what she had feared and suspected. Bat quickly recovering herself, she ire back her head aud laughed a Bhrill, t-jc»uw, hysterical laugh. ".Si, Bam Meredith is going to marry pnth Piympton l" she Bneered. Then, observing her companion's look of per- »l«iei astonishment, she continued Llazeticaily : " Really, Mr Ladd, you nVt excuse my seeming levity, bat it nrock me aa singularly amusing that Mrs Rilpt) piympion stiuuld be &buut; to sue ae for property which she claims on the laeagtn Ot having been the wife of a Inner luver of mine, when she in on the hps ot marrying auuther who once sus sed the same relation to me." Mr Lido merely oowed to indicate that te understood the situation, while he also r, j enlightened somewhat regarding her Biiives for being so unreasonably de- mu of lighting her opponent to the later end. ' I "Well, "she went on as he did not Kply "1 interrupted you, and I suppose tbt jouhave something of importance to uywme." "Yes, i have,'' the gentleman gravely i-plied "Mr Silsby has notitied me lhat, oat of consideration for yon, as a fonau, Mr Meredith has consented to ;ive a if ay a point of evidence, and you aaai ail yourself of it if you choose." "Indeed 1 Mr Meredith is remarkably Federate I" bitterly retorted the angry icmsu- What is the nature of tins poini of evidence ?' " "Ititihis," said the lawyer impres- cvely : "it is known to your opponents, ui cin be proved, that the child whom pi are representing as the heir to the Pijmpton property is not your own find I ' "Ah! that surely sounds very strong, MrLadd," scornfully responded Inez with vondertul self-possession in view of the urt that she was trembling in every Hie, " but it really amounts to nothing, fcrl can produce the nurse who was with na vbeu my sua was burn, and who will ted; that i gave birth to a boy on the feii January " I "Viably you may be able to do that, I bayou also prove that thia child is I easel' Mr Ladd inquired, while bis Lsideyea searched her face. "Mrs fyaptun," he went on gravely, as he saw fjciauge colour at his question, "thia sirery grave matter. Mr Meredith ajithat he ean produce a New York I ;ir« lii which there is an advertisement j l« a male child not over two weeks old ; I ut he ean aUo produce a boy who, in I hirer to that advertisement, took his I tin little brother to you. This boy telH j straight, plausible story ; and to sup plement this, Mr Meredith overheard fflly last Saturday a conversation between pa and this same boy, daring which you fled to bribe him by the promise of some noney to preserve your seeret. Now if ube assertions can be proven you do 8t stand the slightest chauce in contest- the case ; and besides, if you were bund guilty of such an act of fraud you wnld be liable to imprisonment for a &ng; term of years." / Heaven I you don't mean that 1" ex haled Inez in a voice of horror, and Kittled oat of her dissimulation by the tosuspected danger which now seemed to Oeaace her- "Mrs Plimpton, you may rely upon dht liellyou as being absolutely cor- |«t," Mr Ladd returned with dignity. " ' course, if I saw the vestige of a hope j tinning the case, I wo aid contest it Ja to the best of my ability ; but the circumstances it becomeB my #1'J to advise you to Bettle it privately, tece your opponents are willing to grant Pu that privilege—" How exceedingly magnanimous 1' in- »ed Inez with a mocking sneer. tes, 1 certainly regard it so," the Utleman returned, "since Mr Meredith ned me, upon his honor, that they can jfiag against you bven stronger evidence ffftat has been revealed. Believe Plympton, there ate very few I !y 11 wuld show you so much con- I 'tftiOD— who would not insist upon 1 pajflg the case to the extent of the law I I tt ParP0Be f bringing to justice the I «lior of a crime snch as they claim has I Perpetrated against them. 1 wish I I Set persuade you to be reasonable, and I toasider, besides what I have already I LMloned> bo scandal that would result I Cest?01 aU exPoaure'" concud9< as for tbat matter, the woman <aiu herself Mrs Ralph Plympton I I ttir up something of a scandal herself 1 appearing befoi6 the public as a bto i0fthis property," Inez angrily L j® " She has no means of proving ®hs waa ever married, for she has no 4 l tbaE event ; the justice who claims performed the ceremony is recrds are burned ; the only &»» missing. iu are mistaken, my dear Mrs Lt. » D| abouE there being no certifi- Hk, "ai<i Mr Ladd. 44 It waa lost, bat "Fn ? have seen it." - atthin l " 8aaPed his companion, I'si breath Bharply ; it must be a UK . £ is a genuine document— iij.ni , 6 "rant's signature would be a t, to for8e, and I have seen it Uij y tunes not to recognise it," Mr tla .Paitively affirmed. "Of course, dajju 3 "ting I demanded when this admitted to me was proof that lined tnK ycP.ton was what : she pro- 4e(li.. , 0' and am sure there is not tUtjd at doubt of the legality of her Vi." 'tththe son of your late hus- 4nt?,.mPh)n sank weakly back, in her 'a asaurance, her strength and 1 6 etib realize that she had be-" 1 a net from which it I 'ta w:e difficult to extricate herself I fght " 18 lQ her determination to n,realized ''hat she had been I defeated in every plot ,he had laid for "the downfall of her rival; for the alienating of her"hus- band had really been no triumph "over Ruth, since it had only resulted in reveal ing to her the fact that she had never really loved him. It was a hitter blow, and her arrogant nature could ill brook submission to it. After a moment she drew, herself haughtily erect. "Really, Mr Ladd, it almost seems that you are arguing In favor of the in terests of the opposing party," she said in a tone of cold displeasure. "I am not, madam, I assure you," he returned, coloring deeply at the slur ; " I am arguing for your interests alone ; for, as I have already told you, I do not see the ghost of a chance in this contest. If the case should come to a trial, I am very much afraid that 1 could not save yon from expiating a crime, and for the Bake of your late husband, who was my friend as well as my client, I would save the name of Plympton from that disgrace." "Very well," Inez haughtily responded, "since you strongly urge it, I will con sider the matter of settlement. Upon what terms, will they settle 1" ' Upon such terms as the law allows every widow — right of dower." '' Really, Mrs -Ruth is making a bold strike for a big stake 1" Inez interrupted in a towering passion. " I will not con sent to it," she cried, starting to her feet ; "I will not submit to anything so mon strous. My husband intended that I should have the whole of his property — he utterly repudiated this girl and her child, and it was understood when I mar ried him that I should have everything." " That may be very true, Mrs Plymp ton," said the lawyer ; " but if such was hiB wish he should have made a will to that effect." " He did not think it necessary," Inez answered ; he waa in perfect health until a few hours before he died, and was looking forward to the prospect of an heir to succeed to his property." "All the same, It was a very unwise omis sion not to either settle a handsome sum upon you, or make a will in your favor. 1 am r6aily very sorry, and if by any means in my power 1 could secure more for yon I would most gladly do so. but Mr Meredith is inexorable in his demand that the child Hope shall have all that rightfully belongs to the nearest of kin." " It's a shame 1 — an outrage 1" cried the aDgry woman, stamping her foot with passion. " Yes, it is hard," Mr Ladd acquiesced. " 1 mast think it over — I cannot make up my mind to-day. How much time will they give me T' his companion ex citedly inquired. " Well, 1 am afraid not very much," replied her counsel. " Mr Meredith is anxious to have something- definitely de cided upon at once, as he is contemplating a trip to California about the first of Sep tember." " Ha 1 then they are to be married at that time 1" cried Inez with a start. " Yes ; so Mr Silsby informs me." The wretched woman pressed her fingers hard against her temples to still the fierce throbbing that nearly drove her wild. The thought of Basil Meredith's mar riage with Ruth Plympton waa to her worse than the torture of the rack. " Well," she observed impatiently as soon as she could command herself suffi ciently to Bpeak, " how much time can 1 have ?" " A week or two perhaps ; I will try to stay proceedings to favor you as much as possible,' said the lawyer. " But," he added, " I am advised that there must be no further drawing upon the funds be longing to the estate." " Very well ; I have money of my own," Inez retorted aharply. " I can get along for a couple of weeks, I imagine, without robbing the Plympton hank account.'' Mr Ladd now arose to go ; the situation was becoming exceedingly uncomfortable for him while he also began to experience a feeling of disgust for this strange, fiery creature, with whom hitherto he , had had only the pleasautest relations. Immediately after his departure Inez Plympton went to her own room, where she threw heraelf upon the bed, for bhe was worn out with the evil passions that had'been aroused within her, while she was also sick at heart in view of Basil Meredith'a approaching marriage. She began to realize, also, that she must relinquish all right and title to Hazel- wood Heights. £he would be obliged to leave the beautiful place forever, for her reign was over. It had been brilliant though brief, and her fate seemed all the more bitter because of that very fact. She had burst upon Albany society like some splendid meteor, and now she wsh destined to sink as suddenly into oblivion, while her hated rival would queen it in her place. UoubtleBB Ruth would ocoupy the Heights hereafter as her summer home ; her winters would of course be spent in Basil Meredith's elegant residence in New York— and she ground her white teeth in impotent wrath as, in imagination, she pictured her, supremely happy in the love of her noble husband, moving about those beautiful rooms which had so recently been fitted up for herself with such lavish expenditure. " Oh I I could bum it to the ground," Bhe sobbed in abject grief. '1 wish I dare reduce it to ashes ; but of course if I should the crime would at onoe be at tributed to me. Ah 1 if it was not for the hope that Castillo has held out to me, I could almost wish that I were dead 1" The following morning she received a note from Mr Ladd, informing her that Bhe would be allowed one week in which to make up her mind whether she would contest Mrs Ralph Ply mpton's ciaim on behalf of her cnild or quietly settle the matter as already proposed. He closed by remarking that he " trusted her usual good judgment would lead her to decide in favor of the latter arrangement." . » Only one week more 1 The words rang like the knell of doom in her ears. Not becanse she was so deeply attached to the place that it would burst her heart to leave Hazelwood Heights. There were other places in the world where she could live and be just as comfortable, and she would by no means be left destitute in surrendering that handsome property, although it caused heifa keen pang to feel that her resources were to be so materially curtailed. But the one thought that was the most prominent — that overbalanced every other feeling and considerations, was the maddening fact that Ruth, the woman whom she so hated and envied, was to supersede her there. , Luring the whole of that allotted week she remained closely at home. She did not even go for her accustomed drives j she denied herself to all visitors, while, roving restlessly from room to room-— brooding upon the changes which the near future threatened to make, in evitable; thinking of the approaching marriage, that of itself was almost suffi cient to drive her insane, she was as ntterly wretched as it is possible to imagine that, any human being could be. But on the day before the one set for her decision a letter bearing a foreign postmark made itB appearance with the morning niail. There was a look of eager, startled curiosity in her eyes and a nervous tremor in her hands as" she hastily tore off the envelope and devoured its oontents. Her free was a study as she perus- those closely written pages. Wonder, incredulity, hate, and triumph swept in qniok succession over her beautiful features, blazed in her midnight eyes, and burned cn her cheeks. " Wonder of wonders 1" she breathed as she finished the epistle. Then she read it through a second time, more deliberately and carefully, after which she copied au address it had con tained, then tearing the letter into atoms, she threw the fragments into the grate aud held a lighted taper to them until they were entirely consumed. " There 1 there Is no danger of those ashes telling any tales," she muttered. " If I could have burned all other bridges behind me as effectually I should never have been in my present critical posi tion." She Bat awhile absorbed in thought, then rising, went to her desk, where she 'wrote rapidly for an hour, after which she enclosed the sheets in an envelope and superscribed it with the address she had copied from the Tetter. Then slipping this into another envelope with a few lines of explanation, Bhe addressed it to " Senor Alfeo Castillo, London, Eng land," and despatched it by a special messenger to the post office. " Oh 1 what a comedy of errors ! what a romance !' she exclaimed as she watched the servant out of sight, while a low, mocking laugh rippled over her red lips. ' Well, it will be 'diamond cut diamond' for a while, and then— oh, thank good-, uess 1 there is another continent and other prospects ahead.' CHAPTER XXXIV. an appaeition. "No eye to watch — no tongue to wound us, All earth forgot, aud all heaven around us." The following morning Inez Plympton dressed herself with the utmost care, and drove into the city to give her answer to Mr Ladd. Apparently she was in the best of spirits. She was gracious, affable, blooming, aud greeted .'her counsel aB if Bhe had never known a ruffle of temper or an oc casion for an outbreak of passion. " Yes," she said, she had come to tell him that she would " settle but she would like to propose that a stated sum be given to her rather than what would be likely to accrue to her from her dower right to one- third of .the estate, for Bhe was going abroad to live, and Buch an arrangement would be more convenient to her Besides, since there would doubt less always be an unpleasantness between .the two branches of the family, a final settlement weald be much more agreeable than to extend their business relations with each other indefinitely. She would also like to ask as a favor that Bhe be allowed to remain at Hazel- wood Heights until she was ready to sail, which woald not be antii about the first of October, as something had occurred to interfere with her plans i a change pre vious to that would necessitate a great deal of trouble and expense to her, while she would engage to leave everything about the mansion aud place in the best possible order, aud pay whatever rent was deemed right for the few remaining weeks that she would occupy it. Mr Ladd exprossed himself as pleased with her decision, and promised that he would make the very best arrangements possible for her, and let her know the re sult at an early date. So Inez Piympton went her way with a malicious gleam in her treacherous eyes, and the old m-icking smile on her lips. Mr Meredith was inclined to insist that she be ordered to vacate Hazelwood , Heights immediately, but Ruth, always' kind and considerate, pleaded that she be' allowed to occupy the place until October, as she had requested. " I do not care to go there at present," she said. " 1 have all that I can attend to daring the next few weeks without having the care and confusion of moving. So please, Basil, let everything remain just as it is, aud when we return from our trip we will go ani look the house over to Bee what changes we would like made before taking possession of it next sum mer." So Basil yielded, and it was agreed that Mrs Anthony Plympton should remain mistress in the home where, for more than a year, she had queened it right royally, until October. Mr Meredith, with Mr Silsby and Mr Ladd, consulted together regarding., a suitable sum to be Bottled npon her, in view of her signing away all her interest in the property. An agreement was finally made that seemed fair to them, and then Inez was notitied of the amonnt, and also that her request had been granted. When Mr Ladd told her she smiled viciously, and remarked with the utmoBt sang-froid : " Well, now that those matters are settled, what is to be done with the baby!" "The baby!" repeated the lawyer in wondering amaze. "1 don't think I quite understand you." 44 Why, since I have no farther use for him, I thought, perhaps, Mrs Ruth Plympton might like to take another pro tege." Mr Ladd could scarcely conceal his disgust at this suggestion. " Do you mean that you intend to de sert the ohild 1" he demanded. " Have you not adopted it V " No ; there were no legal formalities," Inez replied indifferently. 44 Of course "if everything had run smoothly I should have kept him for the sake of the pro perty, but since the fraud has been dis covered, I do not intend to trouble myself any furthet about him." — "" " Have you no affection for the child for whom you have cared for so long 1" the man wbnderingly inquired. " Well, no ; I am free to confess that children are simply odloas' to me," Bhe unblushingly declared. 41 As long as he figured as Master Anthony Plympton. and I had the control of his money, 1 could put up with him ; 1 could keep a narse for him, and so he really didn't trouble me very much. But now that I have lost the game, I'm not willing to be at any expense on his account, and those who robbed him of his fortune may pro vide for him, or I'll hand him over , to . some institution." The lawyer was speechless before this manifestation of heartlesonesB. and before he could fully recover himself to make any suggestion regarding the disposal of the poor little waff, Mr Silsby was an nounced. He apologised for intruding, but added that, in his recent interview with Mr Ladd, he had entirely forgotten to state that Mrs Ralph Plympton desired him to request that the Browning baby be con signed to her care ; therefore he had come personally to ascertain if Mrs Anthony would consent to such an arrangement. "With the greatest pleasure in the world, sir," the woman replied with a sneering laugh ; " I had just intimated to Mr Ladd that some suoh disposition be made of the child j Mrs Ralph Estlake, Bai-imnnn Plympton can have him and. welcome." . „ . Thus in less than two-hours aftorward. Master Anthony was quietly sleeping in little Hope's crib, while Will sat beBlde him, a smile of Infinite content and ten derness illuming his plain but honest face, £q be Continued. 