LITERARY GOSSIP. 'Have not boots become Oar silent prophets, intellectual kings And hieratt&s; of human thought To vice or virtue?' — Robert Montgomery. Edmund Gosse, who has been made at uL.D. of St. Andrews, has finished hi: 'Life and Letters of Dr. John Donne. Dean of St. Paul's,' and Heinemann wii. publish the work in the course of thi summer. Justin McCarthy will contribute tc Fisher Unwin's series 'The Story of the Nations' a volume on 'Modern England under Queen Victoria.' Two other early additions to this series will be 'China,' by Professor R. K. Douglas, and 'Modern Spain (1788-1898),' by Major Martin A. S. Huma_ 'The Religion of Shakespeare' is tc be the next contribution to Shakespeari ana. It will be from the pen of Father Sebastian Bowden, of the Brouipton Oratory, and will be published by Burns and Oates. When Robert Louis Stevenson was first ordered to the Biviera in 1873, he wrote one of his earliest successes, the essay entitled 'Ordered South.' The third instalment of the novelist's letters, which appears in the March number of 'Scribner's Magazine,' was written from Mentone at this time, and many of the most expressive phrases of that essay appear in this familiar correspondence. Edward H. Cooper's forthcoming volume of stories bears the title 'Child- ren, Racehorses, and Ghosts.' He nar rates how he submitted one of the stories — the first he ever wrote — to Mrs JL.ynn Linton for criticism. She disapproved warmly. 'You have made an English man afraid of two common footpads'' she said indignantly. 'Nobody could possibly admire such a story. Make your hero afraid of his supernatural companion, if you like, but not of the others. If you take my advice, you will never in your stories make an Eng lishman afraid of anything.' More than 100,000 copies have already been ordered of the sixpenny edition of 'With Kitchener to Khartoum.' After the first orders of the booksellers have been supplied this edition will not be further reprinted. The book which G. W. Steevens is writing on his experiences in India will be published, like all his previous works, by BLaektvood. Sampson Lowe, Marston, and Co., issue a book on masric artw bv W. TL Robinson. From childhood the author has been, ac customed to seeing prominent presti digitateurs both at home and abroad, and he has been able to gather many valuable secrets from them. For many years he was the right-hand man of the late Alexander Herrmann, and he was also associated with KeUan. 'Literature' says that for family rea sons no complete life has been hitherto published either of Horace or of James Smith, the witty brothers who made 'one of the luckiest hits in literature' with the 'Rejected Addresses,' which still, after nearly a century, remain tine happiest collection of parodies in the language. The life of the two bro thers is being written by Arthur Beavan for Hurst and Blackett. James, the elder of the pair, wrote little after the 'Rejected Addresses,' determined to leave off a winner. He was a very good talker, and the skits he wrote for Charles Ma&hews; drew from the actor the re mark that 'he was the only man who could write clever nonsense.' Clement K. Shorter announces that H. G. Wells will break out in another direction in a story that is to follow 'When the Sleeper Wakes.' This story, which will be called 'Love and Mr. Lewisham.' is a still further re minder of Mr. Wells's earlier association with the scholastic world. It will be found to be an exceedingly brilliant study of a young assistant-schoolmaster who has aspirations to set the world straight — aspirations which are consider ably dashed by an early marriage. The same writer says that the 'Hun- dred Novels,' issued by the London 'Daily Telegraph,' will indude many copyright books, among others Hall Caine's 'Christian,' Rudyard Kipling's 'Soldiers Three' (which, although, a col lection of short stories, has been pre ferred to his 'Light that Failed'), and George Meredith's 'Diana of the Cross ways.' (If so, what becomes of Mr. Shorter's previous statement that the 'hundred best novels' must necessarily be the worst from a literary point of view?) 'On the Edge of a Precipice' is the title of Miss Mary Angela Dickens's new noveL This story, which Hutchinson and Co. are publishing, deals with the atrical life. According to 'M.A.P.' John le Breton, whose noveL 'Miss Tudor,' interested Mr. Gladstone so much, has a dual per sonality. One cf the partners to this signature ib the editor of a well-known weekly paper, the other was an editor, but has now given up journalism. 'Miss Tudor' was known as a peculiarly pow erful book, but a new one from the same author (or authors) is said to be even more powerful. W. W. Jacobs, author of 'Many Car goes,' recently observed to a London in terviewer : — 'I don't know about other people, but my writing is hard work to me. If I waited until I felt in the mood for it, I should never write a line. No : when I feel that I want to write, I go into my room and sit down in front of a piece of blank paper. I don't think that I ever do any real work until Fm fixed in that position. Sometimes I can work, and sometimes I can't. As for turning out a fixed number of words every day as some men do — well — I sim ply couldn't. If -when you are writing t seems to go all right, I believe in !t ing that work alone afterwards. Bu :s a rule, I go over every story tc. arefully, and try to find out what thic; ;^^ht to come out and what things ha\ ;een omitted. That's only my espc: nee. The man who can let his fir. .tuff stand sis he writes it is the m:: ..ho has got all the mechanical part t us art at his finger ends. I haven' ?one enough writing to be able to c- hat. W. Pett Ridge (says the 'Young Man' .vas wise in not beginning to write about London until he had mastered the par ticular phase of it that appealed to hi: sympathies. He roamed about Londor for 12 years before he wrote his firs: sketch. This was entitled 'Club Life ir the East,' and was accepted by Sidnej Low, of the 'St. James's Gazette.' Mr. Low asked for more, and the encour agement he extended to the joung au thor has resulted in the production of some three or four hundred sketches and an equal number of short stories. Pett Ridge is opposed to the popular idea that the night is the best time for literary work. He writes in the early, morning only. The London 'Daily Mail' considers that 'Daughters of Babylon' is unques tionably a better-written book than 'The Sign of the Cross.' It is more smooth in diction, more artistic in exe cution, and altogether a better-balanced piece of work. One would like to give Wilson Barrett full credit for this im provement in literary finish, but part at least of the crdit is due to Robert Hich ens, whose name appears on the title page. Still Wilson Barrett's own hand has left its impress upon every page of the story as we have it here, and the j book is Barrett's book, say what you; wilL 