A MAN FROM TliE DARK. By MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) My host nnd I shook hands for (ho Second time, though with no inoro Inward cordiality on my part than before, and then ho insisted upon seeing me to the cab. l'ho door leading out through the passage had been unlocked, no doubt for Hassan's culrance with supper, and it was by this way that wo went out. Not a gleani of light had waked tho sky from lls sleep, though I had counted on a steely band in the east to give me not only a vague idea of the direction in which tho house faced, hut to show me Us characteristics, which I had missed at midnight. It was still, however, that "darkest hour before the dawn" of which poets sing, and as Hassan bad, for reasons of his master's or his .own, brought no lantern, we hud again to feel our way down tho gravelled path lo the door In the wall. I 'tried to make some excuse for lingering, that I might spy out sonio feature which would help guide me to the place, in case curcumstances rendered it important that 1 should recognise the house once more. Llut between Mr. Smith and his devoted servitor I was hurried on, so that a pause for Inspection was impossible, and I guessed why it was that my host had been so oarnestly bent upon escorting me. Outside the garden gate was the hansom, and by its light I could see that n box of good size had been placed ozx top. Within was ihe hag which Mr. Smith had mentioned, a handsome article of alligator skin, which attested - hla generosity at parting, Thauking him, I looked back, as the cab was driven rapidly away, but already the door in tho wall was closed, and, Hashing round tho corner at a brcak-ncck pace as before, tho house, and the events whiqh had taken place within it, seemed to he blotted out/ by the night, as though they had never oxisted- save in' my own wild imaginings. Again I endeavored «to form some idea of tlio direction in which I had been taken, but, pre posterous aa my failure appeared in ray own nvp5 T Imrl tn'rivtul willi In o okn.i Eastern before I realised that tho neighborhood was not unfamiliar to me. As Mr. Smith had prophesied, I had not long to wait for alio early train In which I was, to be a passenger. I had only comfortable time to buy my -ticket and- seo the label put upon my. box (which was a now one, of an American pattern, with a rounded top) when my sleepy fellow- travellers began taking their places in tho car riages. " I observed that a common-looking man In knickerbockers, wlio got Into a second-class com-! partiment next mino, eyed me sharply, then turned nwny as i-f with sudden -loss -of interest; and I asked myself If the system ot espionage in the past, which Mr. Smith had admitted was to be carried Into tho future. At all events, I could not holp connecting -the man In knickerbockers, directly or indirectly,' with tho mission which I had pledged mysolf to carry out. Ho might be n (lotective, set to watch t'at 1 followed my directions to tlio letter. Ill which case tlio errand I was on assumed even1 greater importance than before, and became more puzzling, since, if Mr. Smith had a man in- his scrvico competent to report my movements, why was lie not equally competent to accomplish' tnom himself, without payiug mo to bccoino a cat s-paw. Or if not a person engaged to spy upon me. It might be that, in some way which I did not yot understand, we two were to work together, play ing consciously or unconsciously Into each other's hands when wc reached our destination. ' - The train fairly started, I began to pleeo to gether the loose links In tho chain ot mystery'; with them gucasea llt 111 )' own connection jy.''atul'l G'ore possibly be in the errand upon' , r m,!i embafked worth tlio bribe of five tired pounds; or— supposing I should bo cheated of tlio second half promised me in -Edin burgh— ovon the sum of two hundred and fifty with travelling expenses in addition? The whole affair, as described to mo in rid- vanco by Mr. Smith, sccuicd absurdly simple on the surface, yet I melted my bruins in vain to' decide what there might he underneath. It oc curred to mo finally that tlie most feasible1 solu-' tion of tlio riddle might be found in the small jewel-case which Mr. Smith had handed mo at tlie last moment, asking me to keep it Iu my pocket until I was ready to put It in charge of Uio manager nt the Eisinore Hotel. Although tlie man had assured mo that no robbery was contemplated, I thought It not un likely that, if thero wore renlly jewels in tlio Russia-leather ease, they wore being sent to .Scotland for a purpose; though how it was to lie accomplished wliiie the valunhles were locked in a safe, awaiting my return, I could not see. Per haps there was lo bo a burglary, and the man in the next compartment was the leader of tho gnng. It. wns comprised In my Instruction lhat tho hotel manager should see tlie Jewels before they wete put away, und thus there could lie 110 rea son why I should not now open tlie box for a llrst peep. It was not impossible, I reflected, that Mr. Smith was the chief of n foreign band ot nnarchists, nnd that tlie apparently Innocent leather ease might contain something which hud better be carefully manipulated before passing Into the keeping of happy ignorance. These last argument - fixed my resolve and In nnotber Instant tlie dark-blue box wns out or my pocket and I11 my hands, my lingers pressing tlio spring which nnlm-ke.d it. I opened the tiling as carefully as 1 could, liulf expecting an explosion. If I were reckless, which might cost more valuable lives ilia 11 mine. But nothing of the sort happened. I looked into an ordinary Jewel-box, made to hold miscellaneous articles which had no cases of their own. In a sat ill-lined tray wore stuck n large variety or scarfpins, such as some men are fond of using in their ties, nnd caeli one was set with at. least a single precious stone. Lifting the tray, I saw' a gold cignrettc-cnse, with a dinntoml monogram so intricate that It was well nigh impossible to decipher; a bangle, encrusted with rubies, and several rings, brllliaqt, sapphire, and emerald, which might bo worn by either a man or woman.' It was n valuable collection, I judged, though I know ilttlo of tlio Intrinsic worth of such things. But ns two or three hundred pounds would, doubtless, cover the cost, it hardly seemed possible that so elaborate n plul had been con cocted for tlio sole purpose of getting these bits of jewels out of England nnd into Hcotland. They would certainly suffice to make tlie land lord feci more than safe in keeping an expeuslvo room for 1110 during my absence, which was tlio reason alleged for bringing them into the ganio by Mr. Smith, But what wns ultimately io be come of thorn T found myself at tlio last as unablo to guess ns I bad been nt first. My journey to Glasgow was uneventful. Tlio train was late, and It was well 011 In tho after noon before wo reached our destination. I wroto nml sont n telegram to mysolf, as I bad been directed to do, and then drove on to my hotel, the cabman who took me complaining bitterly of tho weight of my largo box. Everything oKo happened- exactly, as arranged, !l while I was dressing after a cold tuh In tho very doslrablo room that I had taken. I spread out such things as i clioso to spare from tlio contents nt tlio well slocked bag (which was to travol oil with 1110 presently) In picturesque confusion on tho dressing-table, and felt almost ns healthy nn appetite for my luncheon ns IT I had not been a discarded lover, a convicted cheat, a cashiered officer, and an unfortunate wretch engaged iu an adventure ot a strangely dubious character. My nerves wero keyed to a high tension, nnd though, If I wore to bcllevo my best of the dark houso among the trees, the most exciting pnrt of my mission had ended, I persisted in cherishing thoj)bstiniUo Impression that, 111 reality, It had only just begun. I had seen nothing more of tlie man in knicker bockers after getting out ot the train, though I had not neglected to glance about in quest of lilni nt the station. But in tlio coffee-room where I lunched an indlvldunl faced me at another lablo whoso clothes wero less familiar than his fea tures. I could not liavo sworn that tlio men wcro ono and tlio same; tho idea tlmt tills was so might liavo beon a morbid trick of my imagination. But though tlio disguise. If disguise it were, was clever and comprehensive, and tlio fellow's eyes wero now hidden behind a pair of blue glasses, I had a strong impression lhat f was still under surveil lance. Dospllo this fact I nlo hi a leisurely manner, nml sauntered afterwards to tlio desk with as nonchalant nn air ns if I had not been conscious that everyone connected witli the hotel, from tlio manager to tho cashier, was curiously speculating upon tho movements of Derek Napier, a ruined, dishonored mnu, travelling, perhaps, ou bis spoils as a gambler. I delivered over tho Jewel-case, told my story about the telegram Just received, nnd tho neces sity for a night's absence, nil, apparently, to tlio satisfaction of tlio manager, and then wont up to my room to prepare for my short Journey. Just before I reached tho stairs I passed tlio man whom I suspected. He bad now quite a scholarly air in bis black clothes and Ills bluo glasses. But though lio appeared too absent-minded to notice me, absorbing himself in placing a marker botiveen tlie pages of a book lie lit Id, I fancied that the eyes behind tho ugly .spectacles were busy in another way. I had hail a flro lighted In my room, as I could now afford luxury, and tho day was biting cold for tho time of year, even In Scotland. Drawing up a big easy- clialr, I bad begun to look out times of trains In a railway guide I bad ob tained below, when something stirred, as 1 thought, behind .me. I looked round, expecting to find that u cham bermaid had opened the door and entered so softly that I had not heard her as I silt concealed from view by tho back of the great "grandfather chair.; hut, to my surprise, tho room wa3 still without an occupant, savo myself. "After all. It must have been the crackling 01 tlio firo," X thought. "A curious mistake, though >to mako In direction. (I could have sworn it utau L COUiU uvm I turned my attention once more to the book, and presently forgot tho error of which my ears had beon guilty. . . Thero wns a train, it appeared, which would suit mo very well for Ayr, and having ascer tained also that I should bo, ahlo to proceed to Edinburgh that night, - It only remained to re pack my. bag beforo T should sot off. 'It struck mo! more forcibly than over, as I put the things together, bow conildently-"Mr., Smith" had counted on my accepting his terras. He had prepared clothing for mo, and us I stood six feet two in my stockings, it would not haVo boon so" easy to transfer it to' a substitute at tho last moment, had I failed. . He liad, 'had -this bag ready, with its fittings carefully selected; while; there was actually a silver "K" '.on tho backs of the black-handled brushes and the tops of the neat bottles. Certainly it was all very curious; and I was wandering oft Into renewed specula tions when once more came a. sound,'- so distinct, so close to niy shoulder, that I actually started. This tlrao I w-as sure that it had not been mado- by the. crackling of tho fire, for though it had beon Indescribable when I had heard ;lt before. It was now like a suppressed sigh. . Again I searched tlio room with a glance. But It had none of tlio odd corners and angl03 of ono or ttvo among those which I had seen at the strange old house -without a name. It was in ordinary bedroom, such ns ono may find repeated dozens of times over at.most of tho better-class hotels In Great Britain. Perfectly square;! and straightforward In its architecture, furnished only with a handsome "bedroom suite," it offered no hiding-places save the wardrobe. For a moment I scorned to examine It, since this was not last night; but when tlio soft sem blance of a sigh was repeated, it occurred to mo that' by ; some odd chance a cat or dog might havo been inadvertently Imprisoned, to bo slowly as phyxiated. : ' "With this fancy In my mind, I opened the wardrobe door, hut only neat pink calico lining rewarded my eyes. Still not contented, I drew out each' drawer, in chest as well as wardrobe, but all werb. empty save for inviting layers" of snowy paper. - \- „':\Vhat an ass I ami". X said aloud, "it's some thing in, !tho next room — or I'm going off my head.'!" ; -. , Tlieso last words I added because I had heard the sound' again; and, unless there was somothlug seriously wrong with my brain, the noiso pro- crieded fi- rxm )lin ,-n.iin t„ t , . ., — , — ; — ... ... , ruhu x awuu, uuu nowhere else. , ' I hesitated, at a loss What to think, and ashamed of the queer, superstitious thrill which crept up my splno. I had laughed at ghost stories In the old days when I was light- hearted enough .to laugh, at- trifles, and had beiloved in ilttlo that was beyond my.kou; yet here I was, on a bright afternoon, at a Glasgow hotel, thinking, in spite of such practical good senso as I might, havo left, of tho possibility that the placo was haunted. _ I had an uncomfortable conviction that, had ; I what , lite Scotch cull "second sight," I should apo a presence near mo. It even seemed that, without this gift, should I turn suddenly enough, ray. oyos would catch the quick flitting of a form, intangible, yet visible. My; hearing was Intensified, until tho air was Cull of whisperings, soft breaths indrawn in agony of pain or sorrow. - . I, knew, that so far, at least, X deceived myself. Strnngo sounds there wore/Inexplicable slghings- but they came only at intervals, and I wished to be persuaded (that those also wero the result of my imagination. The mental strain of the past few weeks, and the physical deprivations of the Inst four or five days, had .loid upon tue inoro disastrously than I had been aware/ perhaps, and now hud como the reaction. -/"I'll eat out of this into the air," I decided, and see. If I -am not all ; right then, ; or If. the noises still ring In my ears. If thoy do, there'll be nothing, for mo to believe but tlmt my brain. Is. tiubalariccd. I, had thought I was stronger in mind nnd body; yet I suppose a man nevor knows himself. Surely we all suffered far worse hardships that time in India," ,1 assured myself, "when I for one never turned a hair, so it can't have been this Btiort spell of starvation and the two or three nights out of .doors in the f-atn that have brought mo to such a pass. If I tun going mad, I've got to look deeper than- that for tho cause, -Turn a mnu into a pariah, arid you turn hint into a maniac us.woll, It may be; but, any'- how; I'll give myself another chance." ' I took up tho lmg, wl)lch I had packed and looked, and made for the door..' 1 longed to feel the fresh, cold air on my fnco, and to touch shoulders with men, even; though ; they , were strangers, jostling 1110 lu. tho street, who did riot know of the . dlsgrnco which, stained me.- I wondered whether, had I really been - guilty of tho slmmo that should-have been Lord Tessett's, I should have- felt- as 1 felt now; and If be, too,- suffered, knowing that ho luid stood by, watch ing me bear all for -his -daughter's sulto. - I could still think rationally, I rofiectcd, witli d ' rising spark of fliope. Surely this one Inst blow was not to fall upon -me— I was not to lose my reason! - - f had reached the; door,, nnd' In another second I should have been out of tlie .room, - nover to return. . But us my toot touched the -threshold , there camn . from within a moan, louder, moro human in Its tono'thnn Iho eerie, faltering whis pers before,. For , the first lime, tlio voice did not seem to: float Indefinitely. In air, but to linve a local . habitation. In splto of myself, I stopped, and, shutting tho door, went back into the room; .- . . - . , Thero was 110 question o', ghosts now; and I had got tlio assurance of iny sanity again, Thu | moon had nctimlly boon uttored, and by tlio lips I of a human being. . The sound cuino from tho box I liad brought with me. ; . ; '1 (To be Contlntjrd.) 