A MINGLED YARN. " The web of our life is of a mingled yarn.' Among the connoisseurs of wine in England the Australian product has of late been much praised, and the only fault to be found with it is its youth. A prominent wine grower of Westralia has succeeded m overcoming even that diffi- He places his wine in a large chamber, in which a snenin.llv nnnsfiriip.t.nrl clock is hung, the hands of which make for eternity at terrific speed. The wine, not knowing any better, goes on ageing accordingly ! ! I Gem from a " Lady's letter " in a Lon don daily "Writing of furniture re minds me that, mahogany reigns supreme, and Chippendale is the only style allowed 111 fashionable houses. Observing a very bandy -legged little boy in the street a few days ago, a society lady remarked : ' Just Ittu at that child's Chippendale legs. What a pity he is not a chair !' " Kal goorlie mighty go one better and suggest that Jack Boileau should have been born a pan of poppet legs. . » A Fremantle wharf lumper was recently brought before Solomon, J.P., charged with being possessed of a stolen bottle of whisky. " Thefts of a similar nature having been carried on for a . long time," so Solomon argued, " the prisoner must be made an example of." Supposing the lumper had been caught with pockets stuffed with stolen apples'Solomon should logically have also " made an examnle of him, for apple-stealing has been going on ever since the female felony in the garden of Eden, which has brought such dire consequences to the human race. GROPUS IMPUDENTUM. He was impish, young, and cheeky, And precociously was wise, He'd a vocal organ squeaky, Well attuned to telling lies. Hewas freckled, tanned, and squinted, He'd a thatch resembling hay, So his tout ensemble hinted He was bred in W.A. He was proudly conscious, may be, As he pushed a pram along, ' Wherein a; squalling baby Sang a loud and hungry song. By the lollie shops he lingered, Gazing fondly at the sticks, While his capital ho fingered In the pocket of his knicks. So I spoke in ton£s foreboding (VVlien I'd asked the baby's" gender) Of the sin of overloading Innards infantile and tender, Drawing pictures of the evils Which attend the sugar sucker, And describing loathsome weevils In that toothsome brand of tucker. " 'Twill upset the balance mentsdf I protested, as he smiled, " And induce diseases dental In that young and tender child." " Y-u an<? toofchache— just you nit it'" — Said this freckled Western youth, " 'Ow the 'ell's 'e goin' to git it When 'he 'asn't got a tooth ?" r A Coolgardie doctor was showing some friends a group of six taken in an old '94 camp in Hannans. " This man," he said, indicating one in the group, " has gone to the Transvaal to be shot ; this man died of cold in Klondyke ; that man ran away with another man's wife and is reported stone broke in London ; this, the one with the white trousers, was eaten by a shark at Thursday Island ; this man next to me isdomg time forstealing amalgam." " And you ? " said a lady present. " Oh, I," said the doctor, " Oh, I ye s, I got married a month ago I ,' "If you wish to live and thrive, . Let a spider run alive." So runs the old superstition, and so rau a spider from the merciful band of a Bulong lady a few months' back. Next week the husband dropped on a -good thing and was so elated that he embarked oh an alcoholic outburst and signed the good thing away to a blood- sucking publican. Next week the publican fell down the shaft and broke his wrist, and a month later the husband got the show back by jumping it, and having sold the claim ran away with a barmaid, who almost brained bim with a beer bottle on the way to Sydney. " The only bit of good luck about the whole transaction," was the comment of the deserted but happier wife. . . In Chicago they have " Porkopolis"; in London "Fogopolis." Now why not " Goldopolis" for the Boulder I \ i A Westralian, recently returned from England, met on the fields a fellow pas senger, a new chum of the deepest dye. The latter stated that he had done a bit of prospecting "some little distance out in the bush." These swere his words. He vol mteered the information that the cook of the party was an unclean unmen tionable. " Well." said the other, " I sup pose you took the job from him, eh ? " ' Oh, no," explained the new chum, " I came in for my meals to the restaurant every day after I saw him stir the mus tard with his finger." " Came in ? " said th astonished friend ; "came in from where and to where ? " " Why, into Kal goorlie. We were prospecting out at the bottom end of Hannan-street, right in the thick scrub. You don't think me too venturesome, do you?" anxiously enquired the fragile bushman. But the other had fled homewards, where he laughed -until the bough shed rattled again. » ' Speaking of bough sheds and their capacity for ameliorating the lot of gold- fields residents— A well-known Boulderite was showing a lady his nearly 'finished bough shed. Said the lady, "Oh how lovely now. And you are digging a cellar beneath it. Now that will be nice for your butter and things." "Yes, and things /" said "the owner oE the shed as he gazerl thirstily at an enormous outcrop of dead marines in the corner of his allot ment. The other night m Coolgardie the Foresters Lodge had a business meeting, and on taking a vote on some knotty question the chairman announced the motion carried unanimously. The gentle man on his right hand, however, pointed out that there were a few dissentients, whereupon the chairman apologised, and declared the motion carried pro rata / And he isn't a Hibernian either. » » " A policeman's lot," it is said, " is not a happy one." But it depends oh circum stances. Anyhow, it has its advantages, and one of these came prominently be- fore a goldfields court not very long ago. A young townsman had, with others! been doing a little Mnrrumbidgee at one of the hotels. One of the most consis tent losers was a certain guardian of the peace. However, he stuck to his guns until the last dollar had been called home. And then things got mixed somehow! and some nice things were said ; and the young townsman, who had won the cop per's gilt, was marched off tq the lock-un on some charge or other. The next morning when before the J.P. the ac cused had to meekly admit his guilt, as it would be disastrous to his position if his employer learned that it was in a gamb ling shop ; and, as the policeman did not deem it worth while to tate the locality of the alleged offence, a few pounds went to the „ Government to help things alopg, whilst the guardian of the peace no doubt felt that such a good case would soon give hitq his stripe of seniority, Judging by his large smile when the magistrate's order was made, the police- man s lot is not such a very unhappy one. » BOULDER BOGIES." ' "VVilly Willy " has been moved to mirthful verse at some recent non-per formances of the police You've heard of ghosts and spirits, Of fairies, elves and sprites, ' And all those kind of devils That roam about o' nights. But we in Boulder City Go better tbau the lot, Our bogies rove in sunlight, They're here, they're there, they're not ! No sheet of white nor slippers That common ghosts require, But number ten mundojvies Fit Malachi Dwyer. He's six feet three and portly, His voice like thunder rolls, His beard is long and wiry, His arms are fit for poles. And yet when law majestic Would have its pound of flesh, They vanish, leprehaun-like, And miss the devil's mesh. ' They speak at public meetings, And then, Hx presto 1 pass, They dwindle down to nothing, And float away as gas ! And then there's " Tassy " Regan— A mass of blood and bone — (He laughs, it's goo I to hear him), And weighs full sixteen stone. These are our Bounder bogies, They're both good men and true, The bicrerest sort of snirits That e'er a nation knew. / Inv his little amours at any rate, the W.A. railway man cannot be charged with " that tired feeling." Though power less before a traffic block, he never hesi tates to test the strength of the nuptial knot where it shove any flaw. The story goes that the nabob and one of his sub ordinates down Boulder way knelt at the same shrine. The sub. seemed to be the favored adorer : aud to clear the field, nabob promoted him to a down-the-line station with a thumping increase m screw. The sub. did not want the increase nor the promotion, nor . was the service likely to benefit in any respect by suddenly putting a. small man in a big billet. The sub. proved an Antony ready to make any surrender for his Cleopatra, and he promptly refused both promotion and pay and left the service. And now tne nabob is a subject of much banter by the insiders who were watching the little chase with more than the usual spectators' interest. . There were " high jinks " in Coolgardie the other night when the " popular " Jay Pea got off his collar, and created a father lively time for the spectators. To have printed a detailed report of the affair would only bring about a scandal, bat the following programme will give an idea of the high-class character of the night's entertainment : — ' BANQUET. Given to the Stoush and Donah Push, of the Coolgardie Elite Society, by the Ginger Headed Bull Pup, J.P., On the ascension of his 842 ad Birthday. Those who look for it will receive — vide Footssray, Collingwood, and Chowder Bay push reports.' , Seize your mutton at 10 o'clock. Sloss' drags in attendance at 12 o'clock for stray couples. Band by the Dumb Asylum. Speeches by the Deaf. Son»s by the Mutes. Readings by the Blind. All guests kindly requested not to " copl " any stray spoons. "Mean You." Oysters out of Silverthorne's dam. Poultice. — Sour sots sauce ; mosquitoes legs stewed on ice. Poison.— Soles from Kelly's boots ; chewed kerosene ti.xs and camel humps. Entrances. — Hair jugged "catch as catch can Sloss' ducklings from tip ; Nathan's tuberculosis brains. Reliefs.— Federation goose, with separa tion sauce ; stuffed bicycle fowls, trained for the Westral Wheel Race by Phillips ; game ducks (dead four years), from Mayor Sommers' farm ; chicken on toast, aged 496 years (shot by A. "Manton" gun); Bardoc ham, railway trained. Potatoes. — A la John Fortest. Olives. — A la Masisas. Asparagrass.— A la Tan San. Interments.— Pudding, a la Boer war; cream cakes, with Levy's ornaments. 