Wining and Finance. Monday evening, May 22. There has been no particular surprise during the past week in operations in Western Australian gold stocks, the special features being continued general activity, a substantial recovery in Great Boulders, the inevitable reaction in Chaffers, and a sharp advance in Lake View Consols. In the earlier part of the week aii easier tone prevailed in all leading stocks, owing to a generally weaker market. This was occasioned by the Transvaal inoident causing a weak market in "Kaffirs," and consequent sympathetic movement in "Kangaroos." The set-back, however, was only temporary, and quick recovery took place all round. Saturday and Monday being close holidays in London, the market to-day has not been influenced by London quotations, and, following the firm closing quotations of London on Friday, has remained very steady, closing firm, though with rather less volume of trade. A great scarcity of paper in all leading stocks is particularly noticeable, and buying orders on any scale are invariably difficult to execute. On Saturday, Consols, which previously were offered at £18/10, or less, came into strong demand, and were taken at <£19/10. To-day the first sale made was at £21, subsequent .exchange taking place at <£20/15. Tho rise is chieSy on strong demand from the field in anticipation of heavy and highly sensational 'returns from ore shipped and to be shipped. The newspapers announce to-day that the Directors havu decided to ship 500 tons of rich sulphides monthly, and to make a monthly yield of one ton of gold. THE CRITIC does not doubt that this can be done for a time, but is strongly of opinion that it will be a suicidal policy. In the meantime phenomenal returns may send shares to further phenomenal prices, so Australian shareholders, of whom there are, comparatively speaking, very few left, need not hurry to let London have the last of those on the Colonial register. London will have them all sooner or later, but may as well pay as much as can possibly be got for those that are left. The more the better, not only for those who are lucky enough to hold now, but for the market generally, as much of the money will, no doubt, find its way into other less highiy valued, but perhaps intrinsically equally good speculations, .and no stocks should benefit more than Great Boulders, Ivanhoes, Kalgurlis, and South .Kalgurlis. Associateds have gone to ,£9/8 or <£4,230,000 for the group. The winze on the Australia lode at Tetleys is now some fifty feet below the 500ft. level, and still in wonderfully rich ore. The Australia East lode only opened up to the 200ft. level, continues to develop well; large quantities of rich ore are being smelted at Fremantle. A dividend of 2/ per share has been declared, payable on June 8th. Notwithstanding all these features shares seem very high, yet London may put them still higher. A 2/ dividend, however, is no return on shares standing at the price these are, yet considering the wonderfully satisfactory results developments all over the field are yielding at depth, there is no saying the mine may not ultimately be worth present prices, or even more. London looks further ahead than the colonies, and may be content to wait, and hold fast for the gold from the mine, rather than depend on the immediate future of the market. Ivanhoes fell during the week to <£10/15, cum dividend, but have since sold up to <£11/10, ex-div. There is no special news from the mine, but the latest official report is a very satisfactory one. The main shaft is now down well below the 400ft. level, and presumably the mine will not again be crosscut until 500 feet is reached. At present prices, and compared with everything else, excepting Great Boulders and Kalgurlis, there is plenty of room for further considerable improvement in values in this stock. At present, however, the value of the Boulder and Ivanhoe mines appears to be based on their oxidised ores, and their sulphides, for the time being, are ignored. Why this should be the case when all other mines are being boomed on their sulphides, is a feature of the Western Australian market which time alone will straighten out. Then it will be found there has been something wrong with the market's estimation of the true values of the various mines. The market values the Consols mine to-day at twice as much as the Great Boulder, and the Associated at about <£i,-600,000 more. So far as the three properties are concerned, there is absolutely no justification for these great differences. The reason for the heavy selling of Great Boulders of late has been that rumors have been diligently circulated to the effect that the oxidised ores are running out, and that future returns will show a lower average. Do the sellers forget the immense quantities of ore (not oxidised) opened up below the 200ft. level, more proved, perhaps, than in any other mine on the field. It was rumored .in London, and no doubt deliberately, that the lode at the 600ft. level had cut out or had become poor, and much heavy selling took place. THE CRITIC is in a position to state that such rumors are absolutely unfounded, that developments throughout the mine are of an eminently satisfactory character, and that so far as the oxidised ores are concerned, there are months of ore already in sight for the battery, though a lower average wili, no doubt, become necessary. This, however, does not signify, for the tailings will soon be yielding their gold regularly, and in them the mine has a bank containing three to four hundred thousand pounds worth of gold. After the most careful and thorough enquiries, there is no doubt that, comparatively speaking, this mine is perhaps the cheapest and safest to invest in on the field. London has wheedled Australian shareholders out of nearly all their shares in the big Kalgoorlie mines, and chiefly by stuffing Adelaide brokers' representatives at Kalgoorlie with misleading information. The same game, it seems, is now being attempted in connection with the Boulder mine, and THE CRITIC warns Australian shareholders not to allow themselves to be mislead, to remember that the Boulder mine is intact in its sulphide zone, and that a falling off in returns from the oxidised ores will not affect the ^intrinsic value of the mine. Should the shares fall on a lower average return, Australia should buy, and not allow London to secure full control of this mine, which is as great a properly as any at Kalgoorlie, though at to-day's market values of shares in the various leading mines it only ranks fourth, and is only valued at about half as much as the Lake "View Consols and Horseshoe, though its area covers nearly twice as much ground as the former, and nearly four times as much as the latter. There is undoubtedly no mine at Kalgoorlie that presents greater possibilities as a permanent mining investment at present prices than the Great Boulder. During the "week prices fell as low as 26/ in London, and 28/ here. Strong Australian buying followed by unexpected support from outside quarters in London caused rapid recovery; prices quickly firming again to 30/, and subsequently going to 32/ here on heavy general buying, not only for the field, but also for all parts of the colonies. Perseverance have experienced as sharp fluctuations as any other stock during the week At one time they sold as low as <£7/18/9 in London, but subsequently recovered, and on Friday closed at <£9/2/, closing here to-night at <£9/5/, after changing hands at £9/6/. Stated that shipments of rich sulphide ores are about to be made. .South Kalgurlis have been less buoyant. London saw them down to 86/9, but 89/ was the lowest touched here. Recovery" has since taken place, and shares close at 91/6. Scrip in this stock is becoming scarce on the Adelaide market; in fact, there is hardly a stock traded in to any extent between this market and London that Adelaide is not more or less short of. By this it is not meant to convey that Adelaide operators are necassarily over-sold, but that all floating scrip has been taken off the market to find its way back to London, or into the hands of permanent investors or strong holders for the time being, which cannot but be regarded as a very healthy feature of the market so far as Australia is concerned. In fact, with the exception of Boulders and Associateds it is becoming more and more difficult to obtain any quantity of the big stocks in this market. None, perhaps, with the exception of Horsehoes and Consols are scarcer here than Kalgurlis, which have remained very steady throughout the week. On the general fall they had a few sales as low as £9/5/, but soon recovered, and have since changed hands to limited extent up to £9/12/. There are good possibilities of aubstt.iitia 1 advance in these shares, as the sulphide plan; nears completion.. No other stock Fhows less advance, comparatively speak-ng, for the year, but when the sulphide plant does get to work there is no doubt prices will rapidly advance, and for a lock up the shares should be perfectly sat'v.. They are well held, both in the colonies and London. The mine is being developed thoroughly and systematically, and THE CRITIC understands recent developments are of a very favorable nature. Oroyas, after running up to 56/, have since fallen back to 52/6, at which they close. Mints in steady aemand throughout, with sales from 12/ to 1CI, when they eased back to 15/. Banks fluctuate between 17/ and 18/. North Bould rs sold at 14/. Block Fortyfives changed hands to good extent up to 7/3, back to 6/11, and up again to 7/3, ; . the close. North Kalgurlis, after remaining dull at about 26/ for the greater part JI the week, improved today to 29/6 on the field buying. Brookman's gradually firmed until, on striking the lode at 500ft., buyers offered 22/6, since when, owing to values being uncertain, they have eased back to 20/. Hainaults in lair demand at fluctuating rates, closing between 35/ and 36/, reported improvement at 300ft. level. Central Boulders have had good business up to 47/, closing easy at 46/. Boulder Main Reefs traded in to moderate extent at 45/ to 48/, closing at 46/. Chaffers, after touching 40/ fell back as low as 23/, owing to London realising, since when prices have steadied, and advanced to about 26/. The second lode has been cut at the 500ft.. level, and so far is reported to be of low grade. In small stocks considerable improvement has taken place in Reefers Eureka and Golden Zones. Boulder Half Mile Souths, Boulder North Extendeds, and Brown Hill Centrals, have all supplied a considerable amount of trade at fluctuating . rates; while many other small stocks have again come into the market at low figures. In outside districts the feature of the week has been the large business in Bulong stocks—Margarets at one {Xme touching 34/; but subsequently falling back to 33/, and closing at 25/. A week ago the manager telegraphed officially that what he thought was the lode had been struck in the new main shaft. The Kalgoorlie correspondent of one of the local dailies wired that the lode had been struck "rich"; this caused the heavy run on the shares, which was hardly justified in face of the official telegram, which stated that no gold had been found in the drillings yet. The immediate cause of the fall to' 23/ was that the manager telegraphed on - Saturday that after all he had not cut the lode, but expected to do so at any time. • There is little doubt that the lode will be cut sooner or later, and taking the prospects of the mine throughout, and the consistent gold output, shares are, even at present price, not by any means over- - valued. The small stocks have, of course, fluctuated in sympathy with Queen Margarets—Centrals having sold as high as 3/6, and back to 2/, subsequently firming, and. closing at about 2/9; while Souths, which touched 6/6, have since sold as low as 4/6, and close with sales at 5/3. In other districts, Bay ley's have not maintained their late rise, easing back to 9/. Bars, on the other hand, ha.ve steadied to 6/, at about which price they remain firm in anticipation of a very favorable report at the half-yearly meeting to be held a - week hence. Premiers firmed to 19/6, fell back to 17/, but quickly recovered to about 18/6. Queensland Menzies have changed hands at 18/6, at which price they remain steady. Princess Royals, on the announcement that another ten head of stamps is to be erected, touched 20/ for pds, and 19/3 for contribs; while Lady Marys keep steady at 14/6 to 14/9. The market generally has a very healthy tone, and particularly in Kalgoorlie stocks, looks like still further improving. The intention of shipping so much rich ore from the Lake Yiew Consols, combined with similar determinations in connection with several of the other mines, particularly Golden Horseshoe, Perseverance, Associateds, and Boulder Main Reef, is sure to keep the market firm; and should these mines all announce immense returns from ore shipped simultaneously—as is no doubt intended—increased prices may be expected all round. The gold output for Kalgoorlie during the next two or three months is almost certain to be sensational, and to far and away eclipse anything Australia has ever seen. # * * How London is draining Australia. Over ,£100,000 worth of scrip went to London from Adelaide by the last mail, the main parcel being 6,800 Associateds, and <£30,000 worth of L. V. Consols. * * * A Kalgoorlie wire whoops: The Lake Yiew Consols is shipping another 100 tons of rich telluride ore. This stone is being broken from the back of the 300ft. level, and shipped in bulk. The full width of the vein is about 10ft. The parcels sent away have averaged from 40 to 50oz. to the ton. The stone is immensely rich for a length of 300ft., while for another 300ft. the stone averages 3oz. to 4oz. per tongoing towards the main shaft. North of the main shaft the lode has been opened for a length of 700ft. It varies from 10ft. to 60ft. in width, and averages loz. all through. This level is the best yet opened in the mine. It is intended to ship all the sensationally rich ore, and; MR. T. W. THOMPSON, Melb. Stock Exchange. Photo, by Mendelssohn. MR. DUDLEY L. Member Melb. Stock Melbourne• WALTER, Exchange. Photo, by Mendelssohn. Melbourne. dreat 011 the mine all stone going from loz. to 4oz. per ton. . In the workings .about 500 tons of ore, worth from 30oz. to •40oz. per ton, have been stored ready for shipping, being stone broken out in exploring and opening up the rich southern ..chute. # * # Queen Margarets eased a point on Monday, and were done down to 25/. Providing good developments are forthcoming from the 600ft. level, these shares should see stronger prices. Any higher movement in "Maggies" means a better market for Q.M. Centrals and Q.M. Souths, and perhaps Q.M. No. 1 Souths. The Central holds a splendid position, tailing the Princess Margaret block, and it is asserted the lode runs across the top corner of lease. At present the co. sinking a main shaft, iand expects to cut the underlie of the lode at about 400ft. Co. has about dt800 in hand. On the Q.M. South developments have proved a promising block of stone, and the writer would not be surprised to see some good crusliings from this lease in the near future. With, say, <£3,000 in hand, the outlook is decidedly gratifying. Shares in both co.'s are well worth'annexing for a market flutter. The No. 1 South is in the hands of tributors. # * * Whispered that amongst the medium priced stocks, Kalgoorlie Mints are in for higher rates. Also do not miss Boulder Main Reefs, spoken of to see 60/ easy. North Kalgurlis are also expected to do better. # * * General Manager Nichols, of the Great Boulder Perseverance, talking to a London interviewer, says lie does not know of any field that compares with Kalgoorlie in richness—a sensational field. On his recommendation the Perseverance board will instal a sulphide plant caoable of treating 200 tons a day, or equal to 5,000 a month. He has decided on the Griffin mill in preference to the Krupp ball mill, and ten mills are under order. He has thoroughly tested this method, and unhesitatingly declares it the best. The method will cover coarse crushing, with Gate's crushers, drying in revolving dryers, fine crushing with Griffin mills, amalgamation in pans, and cyanidisation of tailings. By the end of July Mr. . Nichols hopes to be treating 2,000 tons of tailings, and 1,500 tons oxidised free milling ore per month. Me&srs.; W. and J. Lempriere, Melb. agents for the Luhrig Co., state that the B.H. Proprietary has more than 36 Luhrig vanners running, and that 36 more have been ordered. "Moreover," writes the firm, "we are not aware the B.H. Prop, are in any way dissatisfied with their purchases, and, considering the financial position of this co., they would not hesitate to discard appliances for others whose efficiency—as reported—are so much superior to those ordered." # # # Junction directors are just now the unhappiest family THE CRITIC knows of. Officially visiting Broken Hill they travel in different trains, and though staying at the same hotel, eat at separate tables. # * * Block 14 half-yearly report, as usual, is devoid of much information. It is pitched in a light red key, but the basis of directors' confidence isn't given very clearly. It's a wonder shareholders are content with pach miserable reports. A piofit of about ,£17,000 was returned for the six months, giving a balance at credit, after paying dividends, allowing for depreciation, &c.;, of .£36,000 odd. Another 1/ dividend declared, payable on June 21. Shareholders needn't worry, however, so long as Manager Greenaway isn't allowed to spend too much on machinery. Machinery is his mania. * # # Block 14 has (estimated) 200,000 tons of zinc tailings on hand. By the way, the Junction is likely to accept an offer for its dump.. Hitherto, the tailing? have been used for filling underground. Proposed now to sell, buyers returning, after extracting the zinc. Pricc not high, but as the dump was looked on as waste, it will be all clear profit. That. <£10,000 . loan ought to be paid off out of sale. * * # Silver-lead stocks have relapsed during the past week, most of them. Norths and Junction Norths fell below 10/; Junctions also dropped a couple of shillings on the publication of the half-yearly report. Tens kept at 80/, buoyed up by the discovery of the new ore body in Kelly's shaft! Props, see-sawed, closing easier. It would, by the way, be information if Centrals and Consols were quoted now and then. The Consols is working again on a big body of very rich ore; mine a veritable wonder. Price secured for the Central seconds not yet known; said between 15/ and 20/ per ton. If so, an extra dividend is sticking out for holders. Prospects of Barrier mines at the present moment look particularly rosy. "The best report for years."—Block 10. "We are not satisfied with the results of the period under review."—Junction. What a contrast. One cannot altogether feel sorry that the Junction directors have caus9 to lament in their last half-yearly report. As remarked in THE CRITIC, mine in the past sadly mismanaged. Not now, however; directors' have amended much that was previously faulty; still the effects of the bad period not quite yet disappeared. Because the report just issued is so very gloomy, is no reason why shareholders should hasten to get out. Allowing for depreciation and development work, the mine produced a profit for the six months ending March, of <£1,500 or so. That's better than a loss. But that loan of .£10,000 still hangs heavily round the neck of mine. Directors are looking forward to the result of development work. Such work ought to have been vigorously undertaken before; what accomplished meagre and scratchy; "creep" ground the trouble. Still, bad as the report is, the future of the mine is much brighter. That big body of ore met with at the Junction North 750ft. must react favorably towards the Junction. It should give at least 110ft. of backs; and if the lode is also strong at the 850ft., another 100ft. can be added. Assay of ore in the Junction winze on the body gives 15 to 16oz. silver, and 18 to 19% lead. This, when worked, cannot possibly come under the head of "low grade ore." That the Junction contract with the Australian Smelting co. at Dry Creek entailed, or entails, a loss to the mine, comes as news to scrippers. In spite of cloud that hangs over this property, THE CRITIC is convinced that brighter days are in store. While advising scrippers to hold, it isn't going to advise outsiders to buy. # # , # If scrippers will take THE CRITIC'S advice, they won't sell a single silver- lead share at present prices. An all round rise is imminent. Costly works are about to be erected in Broken Hill, which will at once ensure the Barrier a renewed lease of life. They will have to do with the further treatment of zincs. Everything THE CRITIC knows it hasn't been able yet to verify, but it can say this—that the new zinc works of the Australian Metal Co. have so satisfied the co. that the expenditure of many thousands of pounds on additional works and machinery has been resolved upon. The zinc industry is now an unmistakeable fact. , # # # . Keep your eye on Diamond Jubilees. Not unlikely that something will be done with the property before long. Apropos of a recent par rc growling of Tas. scrippers in the Mt. Lyell reserve. THE CRITIC hears the <£200 paid to the directors represented 12 months' work, as the fees could not be fixed until the first half-yearly meeting, and that sum was fixed by the shareholders themselves. As regards the sale of the seven acres to the Glen Lyell, who were the only, people who thought it good, and it was bought by them to square off their block. Section was uterly valueless to the Beserve, and it brought in <£300 nett, which was a good deal for the Beserve. The Reserve has a large area to work on, in what promises to be the biggest copper field Australia has seen. # * * Lyell Tharsis has over 150,000 tons ore in sight, and which, on the ruling price 1'i.r cooper, is estimated to give a profit of at least 25/ a ton. The co. consists of nr,000 oil shares, so on present derck)})- nn:nis the shares * look * cheap * goods. The solidity of the Bank of New South Wales is amply pictured in the balancesheet for the year ending March 31. It is here shown the bank has a reserve of <£1,200,000, of which .£600,000 is invested in British Government securities, and no investor could want a better illustration of the resources of this fine institution. The profit and loss is shown at <£112,316/13/, and after paying <£87,750 away in a div., and a rebate of ,£6,344 on bills discounted, there is .£18,222/12/4 to carry forward to the new term. The loans and advances to customers figure at <£15,315,722/19/1. In all respects the figures show a flattering # # expansion. # Lake George has declared a 1/ div. Shares have sold up to 19/. A couple of weeks back THE CRITIC said investors would again be tumbling over themselves to huy these shares. The news we printed last week came at • an * opportune * time. Investors can safely absorb Mt. Lyells at current rates. The developments in the No. n tunnel are proving what a solid body of ore this mine has to deal with. The drives at this depth have so far not shown the extent of the formation. Manager's statement as to the quality is sufficient evidence that depth is giving the Lyell excellent smelting ore. The halfyearly report just issued shows how carefully the mine is being exploited, the cost of reducing the blister copper having been reduced to ,£1/3/6 per* ton. Profit for the half, <£111,845/4/10, and the liquid assets up to March 31, <£132,351. The Mt. Lyell has entered on a career of productiveness that will soon place it in the very first rank of the world's big copper mines, and in view of what it will do in the immediate future, no investor should miss the opportunity of getting these shares below if 10. In 'twelve months' time they will be worth double the money. The boom in Tas. copper has yet to come. # * # If the Mount Fitton copper lodes—said to extend for six miles—can turn out much ore such as that treated at Port Adelaide the other day for the Mount Fitton South, the boom which has been predicted in copper mines should soon be agitating South Australia. The parcel consisted of 69 tons—an unusually large trial—and the average result was 48 per cent. That represents roughly about .£2,500 in hard cash. Photo, by Stump & Co., Adelaide. MB. J. HUTCHINGS, • A leading Adelaide Land and Estate Agent. Jus l for the benefit of others, and to explain the strange market rackets of the Gienfirie South while the. stone was under milling, "THE <3®ITIC tells this story. When the stone was to be tested, arrangements were made to mill at the Star of the East. Acting on wise advice, the Board sent an equal tonnage to the Prince IBegent mill. Was Joe English, of Madame Berry fame, who advised this. He had had experience. It was most important that the result of the millings should be known together. Manager Ward gave strict orders to both millowners that the stampers were not to be started until be gave the word. "When he went to the Star battery to give orders, they had started, and were in full swing! The Prince Regent were waiting, and had to put on a special sprint to catch the Star. First shock to shareholders, who only wanted an honest test. Next, six bags of stone were missing. Stolen, of course, but no one missed it on the road, and no trace of it exists. Shock number two. Next., the reports from the Star oattery were very conflicting. First, plates looking well; next circumstantial story of the plates looking less than an c-unce to the ton, and such like; meanwhile, none of these reports came from the Prince Regent. This battery keeps all this rubbishy "information" to itself and just mills the stone and allows the retort to talk. Now, what was the object of all this? and what a niercy for the shareholders that the test was divided. Tliis, however, is the quesiton the directors asked themselves frequently, "Will the tests differ, and if so, what action shall we take?" Apart from the story of the milling, the south lode has been driven 32ft. north into poorer and mullocky stuff, shallowing into what looks like the footwall, which is exactly what we expected. Southerly they ^ have gone 34ft. into good stone, showing gold freely all the way. The alluvial is also in payable wash. For Pecksnifiian sympathy commend THE CRITIC to The Argus of Monday. Sympathises v.ith "faithless holders" of G-lentine Souths, who sold out in the panic at 42/. What caused that panic but the fact that some one of the Star of the East crowd stuffed The Argus mining man with fa.'Se reports. "The amalgam was only an ounce to the ton." "The yield would be less than an ounce," and such like reports were printed in The Argus. Of course the shares slumped. "Faithless holders," indeed. More like 'Deluded victims." And the return went 2oz. What price The Argus information after this ! Now how did this occur. Very t>in.plv. The South gol^ is very line. Evidently at the Star of th^ East close watch was kept upon the plates, and not very much of the gold appealed there. Hie "boxes" could not be seen, and the gold was in the "boxes." On the showing plates a 15dwt. yield was likely, and some people ;tlie East crowd, of couise), specked, and' specked hard! Now they have to deliver at the five pound limit, and serve them right. Why couldn't they let the test si>eak for itself instead of filling the maiket with rumors? Once again THE CRITIC emphasises the fact that not a word was known of the milling outlook from the Prince Regent, battery until the gold was cleaned up. That is honest testing. As to THE CEITIC, it said bi;y Glenfine Souths beiore any one else klew anything of the c,uartz find, and this paper advised holding through all the false reports. We went further, we nailed the source of the reports to the counter last week. What more could we do to protect followers of this paper? The best p.irt of the business is the clean cut honesty of the Glenfii-e South office. At all times they said, "If the first test was a two ounce one, is this, for there is apparently no difference in the quality of the stone," so the event proved. There were rumors about on Saturday that the office held a heap of forfeited shares, and had dealt them out amongst the directors. Facts are that no shares have even been forfeited by the South, and in some cases the office has paid the calls of holders who were in trouble for money. A good mine is a fine thing anywhere, but a good mine in a clean-handed office is a gift from the gods. As to the future. The Grlenfine South has altogether 600 acres ill virgin country. They will float off parts of this, of course. Meanwhile, to get a plant, 7,000 extra shares will be issued to present shareholders at from kl to £2(10/ a share, making the capital 35,000 shares. The directorate have not had time to consider the situation yet, but that will be the upshot. The Age to-day warns investors against the boom, which will set in in Glentine pups. Pooh! Read last week's CRITIC. * # * Glenfine North has got payable wash in the north and south drives. Putting up a rise to test it thoroughly. Prospects are good, but none of the alluvial washes are very rich. A pound is the limit of share values. Glenfine Extendeds ran up to 21/, anct back to 13/. Seeing the western country, where the Extended wash runs, was shown to be shallow months ago, the sensation was quite inexcusable, at least to CEITIC readers. # # * Beehive and German Consolidated, a Maldon (Vic.) stock THE CEITIC recommended at 5/, and have gone to 10/3, started to open out from the 925ft. level for the reef, and hope to cut it in about 80ft. of driving. Co. seeking the extension of the South German stone, and if it gets it, the shares should easily see from 30/ to 40/. They are a rattling speculation at ruling rates. * * # The Rich (Tas.) leases are not to be floated in Adelaide. The expert sent over did not appear cheerful about the prospects, and so the lease must seek money elsewhere. * # # Tas. mining men are certain the zinciferous problem will shortly be solved, and the day it is a big future will be opened up for several West Coast districts. Experiments with the Ellerhausen process for the treatment of the sulphides show great promise, and a Melb. man has treated some Tasmanian copper co.'s (Rosebery) ore by the electrical magnetic separation process. To be hoped these experiments will be justified when the processes are operated on a large scale. # * * THE CRITIC has no hesitation in recommending Seas, a Bendigo stock, sincc they were 3/, and to-day they stand over 7/. This co. adjoins the Garden Gully on the south, and as the Gully reef is getting richer as developed, South Seas are coming into prominence. Also, the Sea is on the point of opening out the reef, and as very little cross-driving should land it on the stone, a good rise in these shares appears imminent. Another cheap stock on the G.G. line is Horwood's Freehold, about the 2/ level. At the deeper level this mine promises * to # develop # well. British Banners (Vic.) much talked of co., just on the border of the Cape Clear mines, where over 30 years ago the rich leads scattered so as to be unpayable. They make again further down, as finds are proving. Banners too near the break to do much. good. # # # Apropos of the Emu Bay Railway's financial resources it is understood that Mr. Tolliurst's negotiations for the placing of the co.'s debentures in London will shortly be successfully concluded. He got off the Cbillagoe's .£400,000,^ so he should again score with the Emu Bay's little lot. In these days when shares are quoted at 6/ it is well to remember that the Emu Bay, despite what many detractors and the boosters of rival lines might say, has an undoubted future before it, for it will diain the traffic of the most populous and best fields on the West Coast. From the time that the main portion of the line is opened it gives every promise of being a profitable freight and passenger carrier. A German firm has plumped a pot of money into smelting works at Zieehan, and if it is jrood enough for these people to do that—after the most systematic investigation-—there can be very little doubt as to the future of the West Coast fields. These Germans are the first people who scented the toothsome profits in the Barrier zinc tailings, so that they do not make many mistakes. Readers may take it that the Emu Bay Railway is going to be a good thing, and when its fat prosperity happens, don't forget that this little voice told you so. * * * Black Borse "pup," floated by a smart Ballarat crowd, was hawked round Melb. ail the week. Finally it got stuck with 8,000 scrip, and these "Harry" Dodd took over, on his own terms,' and when a broker does that the prospects are not very shiny. * * * Excelsior, a Jericho (Vic.) co. in 24,000 51 shares, has a good reef and a rising market. In for a good time, and among the low-priced stocks none are better buying for an early rise. * * * Cardigan Props, are splendid selling on every rise. The parly who made the Preps, climb down over the forfeited scrip was no less than Lady Turner. Her scrip was shut down on. * * # Chalks junction are getting the water out and are steadying the others. All that district depend greatly on each other in pumping matters. * * # Gippsland Boulder have had a knock out. As THE CEITIC warning was a month ahead of the event, none of our readers should be nipped. Nevertheless, hard to understand the manager's letter, which practically advises shutting up the mine. An independent report says the 7oz. pocket was the junction of three small reefs. With fair management, there is money ahead of the Boulders. They have ,£1,200 in hand. Writer expects the lode to make again very quickly. The story of the Gippsland Boulder fizzle demands a change somewhere. * * * Victors Quartz reef still looking well; and good yields are ahead. Only the market needs such close watching, the stock should be good to hold. A considerable improvement in prices ahead. * * * Jio mine development to justify the Great South Long Tunnel rise. Long Tunnels still on the decline, and will stay there a little longer. Best of the bunch to buy are Long Tunnel Extended, and for speculation purposes, Long Tunnel North at 22/. Blink Bonnie, St. Arnaud, is troubling the Melb. marke£. Co. in patchy country and is developing a water trouble. Holders should take the first profits in a rise. Co. working on 18 inches of stone in the fcouth level, and will cut the main body of the lode easily, and when it does it will run up in the market. Then sell. * «= Bendigo: Hustlers stocks in favor. Hustler's No. 1 selling up to 13/6, closing a little easier. Milled 95 loads for 212oz. of gold and 45oz. from plates; mine still looking well. Golden Age easier, 7/7£, 8/; return poorer. Lady Barkly firmer, sales 5/9. North Johnsons had a slump on Thursday, down to 10/, improving again to 12/6. Bottom stone intersected by the 2,366ft. crosscut, but only one color of gold seen. Pearls had good rise to 6/'7£. Seen good gold in opening on the Spiers in the Eastern shaft. Spring Gully stocks, which had a very depressed market at the beginring of the week, improved again. Spring Gully Junctions, 7/H, 7/6. Spring Gully return included a lot of poor dirt, which fell from the workings. Golden Pykes had a good spurt to 24/6 and 24/9, but closed a little easier. McDuff still looks well, especially the Golden Pyke end. Shareholders in the Mt. Morgan Consolidated (Q.) include Messrs. T. J. Dibdin, H. Dodd, Jenkyn Collier, Hans Irvine, Tom Arnfield, J. T. Hackett, Willie Clark, and H. P. Wilson (Adelaide), J. R. Rippin, J. English, J. Leishman, and other alluvial speculators. These names show the solid crowd of speculators that follow A. J. Peacock. # # * At last a London crowd is said to have agreed to refloat the South Mt. Lyell Consols. Share capital, ,£150,000; working ,£55,000. Melb. co. had ,£150,000 capital, carrying only 30,000 contrib. shares, and the co. always hard up. Ac- cording to the offer shareholders are to get 20,000 shares in the new co. It will be a lucky thing if this lease is traded off, because it hasn't the ghost of a chance on its prospects. The Consols holds a large area ahead of the South Mt. Lyell, and as the latter, after five years of work, doesn't look too healthy, it will be a*marvel if the Consols ever turns out a ton of ore. Poor Bull! * # # At Arltunga, in the MacDonnell Ranges, a little attention is being given to copper mining, as well as gold. Sample of copper ore recently sent to Adelaide assayed 44£ per oent. copper, loz. 5dwts. of silver, and 5dwts. of gold. The owners intend forwarding a trial parcel to the smelting works. Latest gold returns are: White Range Excelsior, 31 tons 14 cwt. lqr., yielding 44ozs. lldwts. 5grs. of gold. White Range Extended, 12 tons lewt. yielding 33ozs. Bdwts. 14grs. of gold. Gold from these parcels averages .£3/15/9 per oz. The last 259 tons of ore treated at the Government battery yielded 279ozs. Sdwts., valued at <£1,029. Mining on the field is more active, and there is some promising-looking stone in sight at some of the claims. # * * Edwin Elliott & Thomson, Sharebrokers, of 377, Collins-street, Melbourne, issue an Investors' Guide monthly, containing list of trading and mining companies, market reports, calls, dividends, &c.; They will forward copy of the Guide to any address on application. # * # {For Answers to Correspondents see p. 26). 