A VISIT TO " LAMINGTON." A contemporary publishes an inter esting account of a visit which one of its staff paid recently to Mr George Marner's residence, " Lamington," Victoris-road (Vic.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr Morner himself, who had many noteworthy things to say concerning himself and daughter, which the energetic press. man soon turned into copy. S I thonght I would lose my daugh ter, Miss Alice," said Mr Marner to the reporter ;." she was oeeraroowinq her strewqth. Medical men .could do nothing, for her." Here Miss Marnier entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she, " I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a docton, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was.not to _xertmyself. As I liad no iiiblitiiioen to do- so, there was no feair of my disoheying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I com menced to feel acute pains in my shotilders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest.", " We tried everything to induce sleep," in terposed Mr Marner, hbut it had no effect; then I consulted a well-known Ollins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally foom weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned look ing worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not. be kept down. She lost flesh and becanme a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st 3bes." "A great improvement; your treat. osent must lhave been beneficial '" " No; ll the medicine I got did me very little good. Ac'nally, Dr. Williams' Pinlk Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought tme a box of Dr. Willims' Pink Pills at Mr Pleasance's Chapel Street, Pratan ; th -y did me so mutch good that I cou tinued with them. It is a long time sitnce I discontned taking them, and I am pnow as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recomnim d them ?" " Yes ; atid strongly too," said .Mr MIarnor, " had I known of Dr.V Wil lialas' Pink Pills two years before, it would hhve saved me a hundred poullds." The tonic properties.of Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills build up the coisti tution, . strengthen' the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. 'Theoy are a certain cure for indigestion, ailments arising f,~Tnflihe het, pilitples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, aniemnia, sleeplessttess, rheumnatismt, luitihago, loss of physical s'rength, nernialgin, all female irregn. Isrities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, &o.; Obtainatlle for utill olemists and dealers, or fromt the Dr. Williams' Medicine Otmpanoy, /o Rocke, Tnmepitt ' & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for 15B 3d, or one for 2s 9d, post f ee, B'ware of, poisonous imitations sold at greatly lower pries than tite genuine. pills. Insist upon" seeing the *full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People,- on each box purchased. Imitations aredangerous. 