AN INGENIOUS IOY. I arrived at the office late one morn ing and my partner met me. He was a little, excitable kind of man, and now was in a fume of agitation. * I wish you had been here an hour earlier, ll.antyre,' he said ; and I paused in the act of hangieg up my great coat. * Why?' I was too well accustomed to his fussiness to set much store by it, and my query did not express any great interest. His next remark, however, roused me to some purpose. * Longshore Haven has found a tenant.' ' You don't say so I' His glance followed mine to tile wall, where hung a view ol the country house in question, Hlhich had been to let for over fifteen years. For that space of time our best efforts had been fruitless. 'The'owner could not afford to live these himself, his profession forbidding it, and thie place had been a serious loss to hinl for many years. Geologists said that in time Longshore Haven would disappear from exist ence, for the sea ran in deeply under its foundations, honeycomnbing the sandstone into caves. When the wsind and tide were high, thie house, from attic to basement, was filled with a sullen roar that was unutterably dreary. No doubt this, and the I:neliness of its position, had conspired to keep it unlet. I'm uncommonly glad it's off our hands at last,' I said ; ' but I shall not betheve it until they are in the house. Who has taken it by the way ' Wilder handed me a card. " ' Dr. Gyllimore-Brown.' H'm I What's he like, Wilder ?' ' Rather good-looking,' responded my partner ;'a.bit effeminate, perhaps, and dandified, but, as you know, I am not an observant animal.' 'When does he want to see the place Y ' He said it was immaterial; he should certainly take it, as he liked the description. I suggested Saturday and he said that, or, in fact, any day. would suit him equally well.' ' HI-e seems to have been singularly easy going,' I remarked. ' I must manage to go down with him on Saturday. I'll drop him a line.' There the matter ended. On Satur day at noon I was in the train, en route for the Haven. I had looked out before train started for anyone answering to the description of Dr. Gyllimore-Brown, but failed to see him. No doubt he had missed the train, and would come on by the nex'. I knew of a short cut from the station to Long shore Haven ; it saved a mile, and when, on nearing the house, I made my way towards a small gate, of which I had a key, and which gave irgress to the garden, I ran against a man who stood looking up at the house. He was slight and almost boyish in appear ance, immacu:ately attired, and clean shaven, with very bright, dark eyes. lie paused, and looked at me, less taken aback than myself. 'Mir Blntyre ?' I bowed, wt ndering at the same time how he knew me. ' My name is Gyllimore-Browne.' 'You came by an earlier train than the one we fixed upon ?' He looked blank. Earlier ? Oh, no ; we settled t I.ao. So you are the delinquent, Mr Blan. tyre.' I shook my head. ' Excuse me; it was 12.ao I put in my note.' 'flow very stupid of rte I' he ex. claimed. 'Now, where is your note. I ought to hase it with me.'. He took from his breast pocket a dandy little leather case, bearing the initials, ' E.G.B.' That particular note was not there. 'Oh, amust have left it in another coat I' he exclaimed, an annoyed frown crossing his face. ' But I assure you the figures were tr.ao.' I let the matter rest, though I knew I was in tile r'ght, as I was anxious to secure a tenant for the Haven. The house, to my mind, appeared lonely enough to chill an anchorite ; but naturally I kept my thoughts to myself. Our investigations over, we stood at the large window of the drawing-room, looking out to sea. So dreary was the outlook that I trembled for the letting of the place. l1he north-easter was blowing, and the waves rolled in, dark grey in colour, tipped with white. I waited anxiiously for the verdi:t. 'It appears to be just what we want,' he said meditatively; ' yet the house, I believe, has been unlet for a number of years ? 'Fifteen, I grieve tosa).' ' And for what reason ?' ' For no apparent reason. The re putation acquired by houses is unac. countable.' t He nodded. The fate of Longshore Haven was evidently wavering in the ru balance. or ' It has the reputation of being haun- at ted, so they say down there,' indicating tI with a neatly gloved finger the direction w of the village. He'had doubtless killed fe time by making inquiries. : I smiled sarcastically. e: ' My dear sir, surely-' n ' No, no, certainly not,' he inter s, rupted hastily ; ' and it is, after all, is easy to locate the ghosts. Listen.' u The waves were beating up against the rocks with the hollow reverberation c of a drum. His next wsords surprised s Ine. i 'It will make no difference to my wife; she likes to look at tile sea mn all its moods. I will take the place for a v short term-say three years ?' * By all means.' I was overcome with joy, but dis sembled. t ' References ?' He raised his eye brows in plaintive appeal. ' My dear I sir, 1 could give you hosts of references I in Australia, but in England I am a stranger. What is more convincing after all, than . s. d. ? Suppose I give you a year's rent in advance, and r pay in advance each year ? You have your remedy. Evict us, my dear Mr. Blantyre ! I promise you to go like a t lamb if funds are not forthcoming.' He spoke with the easy assurance of a man with a handsome income, and I assented. The following week Dr. Gyllimore Browne entered upon his tenancy of I.or.gshore Haven. And for a time I forgot him. A curious train of events brought him to my mind, events apparently incongruous, but which dovetailed marvellously on later in spection. One day I mounted a 'bus going in the direction of W\estminster, and sat down behind a lady who was in the act of paying her fare. The voice seemed quite familiar, and thinkin g it might be a personal ftiend I looked at her more closely. The back of her head and a bit of her profile was all I could catch a glimpse of, for she I wore a seal-skin cape with a high-stand. ing collar. The atmosphere wvas :hick and heavy, and every sound close to seemed magnified. As we drew up to allow a passenger to alight the ticking I of a clock sounded distinctly in my ears. It came from the seat in front of me, occupied solely by the lady, and I bent forward to listen. A moment later she t passed me on her way down to the in side of the 'bus, and I caught a fuller glimpse of her face. If not Gyllimore Browne in woman's apparel it must have been his twin, and the the voice too was almost idential. On ettir.g t out at \Vestminister I glanced in at the 'bus, Gyllimore-Browne's double 1 did not make one of the ladies seated within. I looked upon it as a coinci. dtnce and dismissed it from my mind, until tile following day, when on opening my morning paper I found it contained an attempt to wreck the r Houses of Parliament. The infernal e machine was of a curious design, and e the police had barely discovered it in time. When the authorities stated that in all probability the attempted outrage y had been the work of a woman I put e two and two together and felt half I inclined to agree with them. A certain amount of curiosity and a very genuine r sense of responsibility, for I had not t insisted on references, impelled me towards the tenants of Longshore Haven. The payment of a year's rent in advance had certainly ensured to them freedom from molestation for that space I of time. I had heard nothing from them, and Longshore Haven might be a burned down for anything I knew to the contrary. Saying nothing to a soul, I absented myself from the office and proceeded by rail in the direction of the Haven. The light of the short winter day was going, and as I hurried along the uneven cliff path I stumbled. The next moment I lay at full length on the ground, and looking up saw a tall, t masculine woman, clad in a short tweed skirt and Norfolk jacket, stand ing over tme. Beside her stood D)r OGllimore-llrowne. As I met his mocking glance a sudden icy dread I seemed to overwhelm me. ' To what are we indebted for t pleasure of this visit, my dear Mr. .Mr Blantyre ? Pray let me introduce nmy wife.' ' (Ah, by all means I' responded the lady in deep accents as manly as her I attire. W\Vereupon they both laughed again. I detelmined to meet them on their own ground. If you will kindly allow me to rise,' I remarked, with what was, no doubt, a dreary attempt at a smile, ' I shall be odelighted to dine with you, but I am sure you will excuse me if I leave you to catch the last train.' I got up as I spoke, and Mrs Gylli more Browne moved a pace back, but at the same time I 'noticed that she negligently fingered the butt end of a revolver which now protruded fromnt her 1 pocke:. I walked ahead with the doctor, while his good lady loitered a step or two in the rear. I dreaded I knew not what ! there was a greater degree of menace in their mockery than the most furious anger could have shown. A Sman-servant opened the door between whom and the doctor a meaning glance was exchanged. W'e passed thlough the Iall into a room scantily furnished, while in an adjoining room the table was laid for dinner. T'he doctor handed Sme the current number of ' Punch,' Sand pressed me to sir down in an easy chair by the fire. I recollect reading r one joke over and over again without in the slightestdegree seeing where the a joke lay, but then my thoughts were busy with thoughts of escape. T'hat there was something in the establish Smnent of the Haven was evident, and my curiosity had led me into a hIornet's I nest with a vengeance. I cursed my own folly in keeping my expedition a secret. Longshore Haven was the last place t on eartn in which anyone would seek for me. T'he doctor and his wife had Sleft the room, but near the door sat the Sman, to whom niMrs Gyllimore Browle Shad evidently entrusted lier revolver. I hall rose to approach him, but sub I sided into my chair on seeing the weapon levelled at my head. 1 took out a couple of sovereigns and held them up. He smiled contemnp tuously, and putting his fingers im his waistcoat pocket drew out three and held them towards me. At titis unanswerable argument I gave up any attemlit at bribery and cor ruption. A moment or two later my host and hostlss entered the roomn. I fai', I rbbed my eyes and marvelled at my fe wn stupidity. They had reversed char- w cters. In place of the dandified doctor ai here swept into the room a slight f woman in black silk and lace, with a w fw good diamonds glimmering at her L hroatand in her hair. Her bright (c yes sparkled with malice as she made sl ne a sweeping bow, indicating at the a same time her companion, who, clad 11 n faultless evening dress, made an ft uncommonly tine looking man. h I had risen on her entrance and she fi came close to me, that timocking smile still on her face. I Did you recognise me the other tl lay, IMr Blantyre ? But of course you d did. A person of your circumspection s would not let such a meeting pass I unnoticed. Dinner is ready.' t She placed her hand on my arm, and I led her to the table. The meal that followed was like a dream. r Through all their sneering, studied politeness I discerned danger, though not such danger as later on threatened me. She was beautiful, unscrupulous, and clever. He followed her lead admirably, but his wit was in compari- 1 son with her rapier-like sharpness but a clumsy broadsword. They plied me with delicacies, but I did scant justice to them. The man waited deftly upon us, and I whenever his hand appeared over my t shoulder I had the sensation that it I was a pistol levelled at my head. The I meal ended, Mrs Gyllimore-Brcwne I lighted a cigarettes and passed her i case on to me. I accepted one, lit it, I and then looked at my watch, feigning i to start on seeing the time. I had not the faintest not;on of how the trains ran so late in the evening, but deter mined, if possible, to run for an imaginary one. ' I must really ask you to excuse me,' I said. ' No )ou must not run awa/ until you have seen our collection of clock work toys,' exclaimed my hostess smilingly. No, no, I insist I They arc, I believe unique. The faint stress she laid upon the word clockwork made me start involun tarily. She was leaning forward, her elbow on the table, her cigarettee daintily poised between her fingers. Her husband threw away his cigar end impatiently. ' Bring a lamp, lBrckirardt,' he said to the man, and we passed in single file througlt the hall and along a nar row passage beyond. Uurckhardt led the way, then came my hostess, while I followed her, shadowed in my turn by the doctor. We entered a large room at the end of the passage, and the baize door swung heavily behind us, seeming to shut us off inexorably from all communication with the outer world. The windows were placed high in the walls, and as I glanced about me I ha;dly recognised the room, tor now it bore testimony to scientific pursuits of some kind, while formerly it had been used as a billiard-room. I followed my hostess, while she showed me with con siderable pride their unique collection of clockwork toys. I listened mechanic ally at first, until it began t > dawn upon me that here around me was a collec.ion of the most diabolical contrivances for the wrecking at human life that had ever been devised. She took a plea sure in descanting upon their powers and mechanism until, strong man as I was, my brain fairly reeled with the horor ofit. Anarchy seemed to run rilt through the place. My abhorrence must have shown itself, for ina flash her mocking geniality fell away from her, and she turned on me with a fierce glitter in her eyes. ' You came here to spy upon us, and there is only one safeguard against spies. We have shown you our secrets that you night know how impossible it is for yau ever to go back into the world.' There was such a passion of hate in her words that involuntarily I recoiled. Then-lor life is sweet to every man I began to speak. ' I swear'-the words died on my lips. I could not swear to leave their hideous secret unrevealed, even if my life had to pay the penalty. ' You are anxious to leave us Blan lyre ? So you shall.' ' He beckoned to Burckhardt, and the next moment they seized me. I strug gled madly to free myself, but either was an infinitely stronger man than myself and their united efforts soon overpowered me. It is a satisfaction to remember that lurckhardf, even if he.escaped after consequences, which is improbable, would always carry about with him the mark of my signet ring. They bound me hand and foot, and carried me to the door, which led, I knew, on ti the beach. Mrs. Gylli more-Browne lighted us with a lantern, while in the other hand site ca.ried with great care a small dark object. The keen air smote upon me and cleared my brain, and I saw with cruel distinctness the fate that lay before me At a short distan:e along the beach was a cave, into which they carried me. I was placed in an upright position, and while Burckhardt supported me his master put a heavy chain round me twice and then padlocked it to a s:aple imbedded in the wall of the cavern. They then untied my hands and feet, and eretreted toward the mouth of tihe cave, while Mrs. Gyllimore-Browne placed the bomb in position with extreme care. She smiled up at me as she measured the distance. SIt is the simplest device, imaginable dear M. Blahttyre; the first wave tlhat touches it-the merest ripple-sets it in motion, and-hey presto t one spy less in the world !' I heard her mocking laughter ring out as she followed the others ; I saw the lantern flash once; then I re iembered no more. T'hat merciful oblivion was all too short. I regained consciousness to hear the waves lap, lapping on the stones, and as the truth burst ,ipon me I must-have gone mad. I tore at the chains till my body felt bruised and aching, and the blood oozed slowly from my finger tips. Then exhaustion brought another phase, and I tried to pray, but my fascinated gaze was always fixed upon the faintly glimmering entrance of the cave, where a small dark object lay outlined against the line of -...un flecked water. -The words I wanted to say failed me, as I thojught Heaven already had. , The waves .-ept in a little closer, each ripple as it tcame bringing my heart inta my throat and making me cower n0ore closely against the wall. Th-' suddenly there cames blinding, tea,rng, roaring sound, so deafening in its intensity that the very r.cks seemed .o quake and split. I fell to the ground and lay there while tihe echoes of the . fir fearful blast died away into silence. I was free in same unaccountable way, and, glancing behind me, I saw a wide fissure down the face of the rock, from which the staple had fallen away. Despite the weight of the chain I ran for a considerable distance along the shore, like a man possessed, and fell in a shuddering heap at the feet of two of the coastguards, who were hastening from the opposite direction. 'I he house and its tenants had vanished from the face of the earth. I was ill for many weeks, so ill that when. I recovered the remembrance of the fate of Longshore Haven had grown dim in the world's recollection. But it will never grown dim in mine. Some times in idle moments, when th, thought of tha. night comes back t( me, I wonder how many innocent live were spared through that most jur retribution falling upon the An.tchi si -E. M. J., in Tit-Bits. 