SUIT OF OLD CLOTHES. Br DETECxTlV MIcGovAX, Every one in Edinburgh know ,Mr Jacob West, if not by name at least by his peonliar and old-fashioned style of dress. He wore a very broad-brimmed hat, made especially for him, a dark green coat with brass buttons, a waistcoat of shepherd tartan, dark trousers, and light gaiters, and this costume he never varied, summer or winter. When he walked in to the "reception room" in the Central, therefore, and asked for me I promptly turned to him and laughingly said: " Good-morning, Mr WVest-you are the last man I should have expected here." "Right, Mr M'Govan I" he promptly responded, with a look of relief. " Now, before 1 say a word to you just tell me if you think I am a madman or one who could do a thing without knowing he had done it 1" I hesitates, for though I had no doubt as to his sanity, I nevertheless thought him, like most old bachelors, a little eccentric. He was a clear eyed man of 55, clean-shaven, and grey-haired almost to whiteness, with a quick and decisive style of speech which gave the idea of a mind equally ready, but there is no say ing what a person living alone may do, so I shuffled a little. "I think you are no more mad than I am," was my reply; "but that may not be saying much, for Mrs M'Govan has often hinted that I am not quite right in the head." "Humph I" he emphatically graunted, ' just like these detestable women-with them it's always the man that's mad, never themselves-and it's so in this case. My housekeeper, after being with me for ten years, has robbed me-yes, sir, robbed me, and now coolly adds insult to injury by saying that I did it myself i-myself !" he added, stamping about in a rage, and thumping the floor with his silver-topped cane. " "That's where the sting comes inm; that's what has roused me and brought me here. 1 might have borne the robbery, but not the insult---oh no, not the insult I" "Begorra, ye're right there, sar l" MI'Sweeny hastened to observe with a sig nificant glance at me. "When another man thinks he's better than you it's time to strike out and not lave him a feather to fly wid." "All my cups and coins and Queen Anne silver gone, with my King George medal, weighing about four ounces I" groaned West, taking no notice of my chum's remark. "I would rather she had taken £200 -they were worth more to me. But you will get it all back for me, lIr M'Govan-they say you are very clever-and I believe the very sight of you will scare her into confessing and dis gorging. It is quite impossible that I could be at the theatre and at home carry ing offmy own property at the same time, sLn't It i" "Yes, unless you have a twin brother who dresses exactly like you," I laugh ingly replied. "I have not a relative in the world," he promptly assured me, "and no one dresses like me, so the woman's statement is absurd. Here is a list of the things taken so far as I can remember them," and he produced a closely-written paper nearly as long as my arm, and handed it to me. "If it were an ordinary thief I should say that you might try the anti quarian dealers for the plunder, but I feel sure that my housekeeper has it all stowed away in her trunk." "Faith,-that's what I think too, yer honor," emphaticallyobserved M'Sweeny. " Them women is shlippery craters, and always does the thing ye don't expect ov them-when ye luck for a kiss they gives ye their nails, and when ye lack for their nails, sure, they falls on yer neck and kisses ye all over." "Then by your reasoning the woman must be innocent," sharply returned West. M'Sweeny looked staggered, but promptly answered: " Divil a bit of reasoning in it, yer honor, except that I think the Jezebel guilty." "Did she look guilty when you accused her I" I said, for my suspicions ran in another direction. "No, that's the mystery to me," re turned West. "I was amazed at her persistence, and made her go over her story again and again, and it never varied. She says that about an hour after I went to the theatre-that is about eight o'clock -I came back and rang the bell and was let in by her, carrying a carpet bag in my right hand. I never do ring the bell, by the way, but use a latch-key, so that's her first slip. I walked straight in, without speaking, she says, and she went back to the kitchen. She heard me moving about In the parlor for a little, and then heard me go towards the front door, and came to the kitchen door to look out. I was just going out with the bag in my hand, packed fell as it appeared, and she said, " Will ye be long out I' but I banged to the door without answering, and never appeared till nearly twelve o'clock. Did you ever hear such a cock and ball story 1" "Did she say anything about it, then ?" I asked. "Not a word, and as I had had supper I did not happen to go into the parlor till this morning, when I found my curios all gone-except the copper ones-confound her ! except the copper ones-they were all left." "I should like to see this woman," I said, as he concluded. " Begorra, so would I,:' added M'Sweeny. "I'd not be half an hour wid her before I'd soothe her out of the secret." " Well, you shall have your chance," I said, withll a laugh, " should slhe not con fess when I go out." Thus se:tling the method to be fol lowed, I took down the list and accom panied West back to his little cottageo at the Sciennes. It was buht a four-roomed house with a tiny garden in front and a small grecn behind, hut I noticed that the case in which the curios had been kept could be seen quite well from the street onutside. Some brass and copper articles, though really as valuable as the silver ones, had been carefully shunned by the thief, thus proving that he was not a collector but a very ignorant criminal, with an eye only to the melting-pt. I had the housekeeper called in, and have to confess that her appearance rather pleased me. She was a plain looking woman of about 45, but had nothing secretive about her expreusion and she repeated the story of the rob bery exactly as her master stated it to me at the Central. "How did you come to admit a stranger without question in your mas ter's absence 7" I quietly asked as she concluded, when her face flushed up in dignantly. "I didna admit nae stranger," she sha.rply answered. " It was iMaister West I let in." "But-but, my good woman," 1 gently persisted, raising- my hand to stop a furious burst from West, "Do you not see that it was quite impossible that your master could be here and in the theatre at the same time ? He went there with a friend and had supper with the same man, and was not near the house till nearly midnight; besides, it was dark at eight o'clock, so you must have been mis taken." " Dae ye think I'm daft " said the housekeeper angrily. " It could only be him or his ghost, and I'm nause believer in ghosts. Nobody else is dressed like him." Rather an awkward pause ensued, then I mustered courage to say : ý`I suppose you have no objection to my seeing what you have in your box ?" " There's the key-I want ye to search through it to clear my character," she very promptly answered, with an indig nant look at her master, and as she tossed down the key, which shohad been holding ready in her hand, r mentally whistled for the plunder, for I certainly did not expect to get it in her trunk. We went in solemn silence to her sleeping place, and she pointed to the box, which I opened, while her master stood looking on with great eagerness, There was a good stock of dresses and other clothing, and a bank-book containing entries to the amount of nearly £60, but not a trace of the stolen curios. I searched every pocket and also the pockets of some dresses hanging close by, and then returned the key. I then as carefully searched the whole house, and also the garden and green, but in the end was convinced that the plunder was not in either. When I was finished West followed me to the gate, and anxiously inquired what I thought. " Well, I confess I am puzzled; but I am inclined to believe that woman inno cent," I soothingly answered. He gave a fierce grunt, and turned away in a rage. " What's the name of that other.detec tive I saw at the office ?" he snappishly exclaimed. " Bernard M'Sweeny." " Humph, he's a much cleverer detec tive than you I " "He is not without cleverness of a kind," I politely answered, "and he often succeeds best where he blunders most."' "Ay, let him have a chance.to blunder in this case, then," grimly ordered West. " I want some blundering of that kind. You are far too clever for me." " I do not feel any cleverer than other folk, and never profess to be," I wearily replied. "All that has been said to the opposite effect has been said by others, who probably know nothing about it. I rather think this is a case of clever im personation." "Bosh I No one could personate me," he gruffly answered, and he snatched off his huge, Quaker-like hat and added, "There's not another hat like that in Edinburgh. I get them made to order." "Like enough, but the man who could supply you could supply one of my bairns," I smilingly answered. "If you were a thief and stood here looking in at that case filled with silver and gold, you would not let the want of a hat stand in the way, would you ?" He seemed staggered, and abated his wrath a little, and finally took me to a hatter in the centre of the city, from whom we learned that he at least had supplied no one with such a hat as that worn by West, and all the other hatters we tried made the same answer. Out of pure contrariness s'Sweeny persisted in believing the housekeeper to be the thief, and insisted that she was only feathering her own nest before leaving, and he seemed to be confirmed in this opinion by the fact that she had that morning given West notice that she would leave his service at the coming term. M'Sweeney also gave it as his opinion that he himself was capable of worming the secret out of her in half-an hour, so we decided to give him a chance. At my request, Mr West wrote out a note to the housekeeper, which he handed to M''Sweeny, and which read as follows: "Dear Sir, - Please call on me on Friday night about 8 o'clock. If I should be out, wait till I come. J. WeST." "I shall be out till ten o'clock," said the bachelor as he handed over the note, "which will give you two full hours to do the work." " Faith, less would be miles too much," said AI'Sweeny, whose confidence in his power of bewitching the fair sex will never leave him on this side of the grave. "If any mortal man can multaver the secret out of the Jezebel it's me." " Do so, and you shall not be without your reward," was the grateful reply, and though West had been so short with me, it gives me pleasure to record that in that saying, at least, he proved a true prophet. The future, however, is a sealed book to most of us, so M'Sweeny went to the Sciennes that night with a light step and an exultant heart. There was no other servant in the house, so the door was opened by Jane Shepherd, who looked at him very suspiciously, keeping the door on the chain. "I've called to see Mr West, and I'm to wait if he'e not in," M'Sweeny began, fixing her with his fascinating eye. "He's no in,"' said the housekeeper, dubiously. "He said a gentleman micht call, but he said naething aboot a man like yenou." "Sure, me darling, can't a jewel-case. maker be a gentleman," said M'Sweeny, still keeping his eye hard at work. " I'm to make a jewel case so strong that thaves can't get at his treasures, but by the core of my heart there's one jewel here that I'd like to carry off wid me though I am transported ever after," and his hideous smile and red mat of hair and bristles did their usual magic, for the woman softened and simpered and began to undo the chain of the door. "Then you're a thief in disguise P?" she said, pretending to be still doubtful of him. "I'm not, but, begor, I'd like to be, wid you for the jewel," he said, with en thusiasm. "But I'm thinkin' ye're too well off here to take a place as house keeper for life to a dacent jewel-case maker." "OU, as to that," said Jane, with a screw of the mouth, " this place is nue thing to brag o', and, though I'm 30 past, there's nac saying what micht happen if that auld deevil o' a maister keeps up his tantrums. He's daft, fair daft I and ayo the aulder the waur!" " Ye don't say so, nme jewel ?" sympa thetically responded icSweSeny, and, as he was now within the lobby, he took ad vantage of her shutting the door to kiss her very neatly. She screamed a little, of course, and slapped his face with some escrgy, but to a case-hardened sinner hlke him that was nothing, and they passed on towards the kitchen the best of friends. She was .15 if she was a day, but a woman is never so old as to give up thinking of marriage, or to doubt its being better than a single lifo, and this one hailed this visit as a perfect godsend under the circumstances. MfIcSweeny was not a beauty, but he was big and strong, and that was a good deal to a woman who had not been run after for 15 years. "There's your master's letter, me dar ling," he said when they reached the kitchen anod got comfortably seated, "and the longer he keeps away the hap pier I'll be," and heto kised her again, and was less resisted than before. "Ye're jist jokin'," she poutingly re marked, "and men are such deceivers." "Some may be, me darling,"' he promptly admitted, " but I'm not wan of that kind. I never kissed a woman in my life before, and I couldn't keep from it this time if I'd been shot for it !" "Get awe' wi' ye 1 Ye never saw me before," cried the housekeeper, affecting to scout his story, but in her heart be lieving every word. "Haven't I1 Begorra, fifty times washin' out the dure steps there and singin' like a lark in the dews of the mornin'. Sure when I saw your white arms, bared to the elbows, workin' at thim steps, I lost me heart ncutoirely, and says I to meself says I, 'That's the lass for you ; ye'll niver know a minit's pace till ye get that wan I" "Eh, ye're an atwfu' man I" she pro tested, in a flutter ot pleasure. "i'm sure I'm rael ugly I" "That's a matter o' taste, me jewel yoe'ro a beauty to me, and that's every thing," said McSweeny, with an inward writhe, as he pulled on a look of rapture, and in this way he filled up a good half hour till the housekeeper so far unbent as to produce a cold joint left from the dinner and some bitter ale, which she set before him, and which ilcSweeny had no scruple whatever in wolfishly devouring. While he feasted and drank, Jane poured forth an account of the strange robbery, and McSweeny was surprised to find that it tallied in every detail with the account already given by her to her master and me. "If he gangs on that way muckle longer I doubt I'll no be long here," she said, with a suggestive sigh. "I've saved a pickle siller, and I'm no behauden to ony master." " Och, don't begin spakin' that way, for it's as good as sayin' ye'll turn up yer nose at a poor man like me I" cried lMcSweeny, between his huge mouthfuls, with an attempt at a heartbroken look. " Maybe ye think I want somebody able to furnish a house for me 1" " Hout, ye're nao better nor yer neo bars," she playfully responded, with a tug at his red bristles, "and £60 wad gang a gey length in furnishing." McSweeny's jaw fell a little. If £60 was all she possessed, what had she got for the £200 worth of curios stolen from her master I He began to think that she was deeper than he had given her credit for. "Sixty pounds I Sixty gold sove reigns I" he exclaimed, with forced rap ture. "Me jewel, it's a fortune!'" and he stopped gorging to give her two greasy kisses. "Aye, and there's maybe mair than that," she said, with drooping eyes and a soft blush. " Ye don't tell me so," said McSweeny, now certain that he was on the point of getting at the information he sought, and he so far denied himself as to push away his plate and get his arm round the gentle gazelle to encourage her to confess. " What might it be now, mavourneen 7" "Hi, hi I I dinna like to tell ye," she coyly giggled. " It was some presents I got ance when I was-was thinkin' o' got tin' married." " More power to ye I Maybe it was gold and silver " softly suggested M'Swceny. " Oh, better than that I" she blushingly whispered, with her head sinking on to his manly coat collar. "Good- for you !" he rapturously re sponded, though he thought that nothing could be better than gold and silver, especially in the form of curios. " Ye needn't be keepin' it sacret from me, darling." "It's blankets and sheets," she slowly confessed. "and-and-I dinna like to tell ye." " Sure, ye must tell me, or how can I trust ye 1" he pleaded with several kisses and hugs. " Well, it's-it's a cradle I" she blurted out at last. M'Sweeney gave a horrible start, for he was terribly disappointed, but managed to conceal his chagrin sufficiently to say, in a suggestive tune " Sure, a cradle's very useful in its way, but is there anything in it I" He meant, of course, the stolen curios, but the housekeeper's thoughts had been elsewhere, for she indignantly started back and said "What dae ye mean, sir 7" "Nothing, me darling-nothing at all; but I thought that maybe there might be in it a little treasure, as a body might say-" Ho did not get the blundering sentence finished, for Jane had started up and edged towards the sink, in which was a basin of dish water. " And ye tak' me for ane o' that kind, dae ye ?" she cried, in a shrill tone. "A treasure in it-a wee treasure!" and before ,I'Sweeny could stammer out a word of apology she snatched up the big basin of dish water and dashed it into his face. "IMo sweetest jewel, it's all a mis take I" he roared, staggering to his feet puffing and blowing, and trying to get the horrid stuff out of his eyes and ears. "The treasure. I meant was gold and silver things, like thim that was tuck from your master." " Oh, that's waur I then ye' tak me for a tkief, dae ye 7" she screamed, and then she ran at him and tore out a big handful of his red hair, and at the same time deftly removed some strips of his face with the nails of the other hand. Retaliation was impossible under the circumstances, so MI'Sweeny madly groped for the door and made a dash along the lobby. The outer door was closed, and before he got it open the enraged woman had made anothler territic wrench at his hair, which nearly dislocated his neck. Then he got out into the open air, and had reached the gate before he remem bered that he was hatless. He hesitated for a moment whether he would go on without a hat or turn back and face the housekeeper, but while he stood in doubt the door opened, and his hat came spinning out into his face, and then the door closed with a bang, and was double locked and chained from within. " Tare an' ouns, but I don't envy the man who gets her," was his sage comment as he picked up his hat, and smoothed out its creases. " Begorra, a little of that goes a great way!" and he sadly returned to the Central to report "no progress." A day or two later I was in a broker's shop in the Cowgate looking over some soft goods which he had just bought when in turning out the things a single silver coin rattled on to the floor. I took it, and finding it to be an ancient one I asked where he got it and why its purchase was not entered in his books. He professed to know nothing about it, but when 1 threatened to take him with me he ad mitted that he had bought it and some more from a man named Dave Diamond. Diamond I knew to be a smart thief, who on that account was known as "The Cutler," but the mystery was as far as ever from solution till 1 found that Dave was living with an old man who made his living by buying old clothes, and in hunt ing up that old man I unexpectedly came upon a clue to the secret, The old clothes man lived in a ricketty land in the Horse Wynd, and taking M'Sweeny with me and planting him at the bottom of the stair to prevent mistakes, I went noup to interview "The Cutler." That was at about eleven o'clock in the morning, and of course, Diamond, havinr been drinking hard the night before, was still in bed and I had him handcuffed before he was properly awake. In one corner was a great heap of old clothes which the old clothes man claimed as his lawful property, and amongst them I found a complete suit and a large hat, rather shabby and worn, but identical with those used by Mr West. When I questioned the old man as to how these articles came to be in his possession, he swore that he had bought them in the ordinary course of business from West's housekeeper, and this statement was afterwards proved to be correct. I helped "The Cutler" to dress, and in doing so relieved him of one gold medal, weighing above four ounces, which he had not had the heart to part with, and that was identified by MIr West as his property. Diamond at first disclaimed all knowledge of the heavy gold piece, which, he asserted must have been slipped into his trousers' pocket by some evil-disposed person, but a few questions to the old man elicited the fact that on tile night of the robbery Diamond had gone out masquerading in West's old suit and hat, with the addition of a grey wig borrowed from Gileo's show ; so he thought better of it, and confessed when he reached the Central. Through his confessions I was able to recover more than two-thirds of the stolen curios, and West, when he got the heavy gold piece taken from Diamond's poclket, al most wept with joy. I have certainly seen a recovered lost child cause less emotion. In consideration of his con fersion Diamond got off with six months' imprisonment. MI'Swecny got off with some valuable experience, and though he was invited back by West's housekeeper, he only shuddered and shook his head. 