MURDER MOST FOUL! — * — THE BATHURST -STREET HOMICIDE. Richard Thomas' Posthu mous Vindication, SHAMEFULLY CHUEL MISSTATE MENTS. A BLACK DISGRft.CE TO THE POLICE FOHCE. Murdered 'in Mistake '~A Foul Push Outrage— Slandering the Dead-The 'Herald' to the Fore-A Heart broken Widow Okce more the brilliant police of Sydney have to acknowledge defeat at the hands of a common, low, frowsy push, and one more ghost of a murdered man 'stalks unrevenged amongst us.' It might well have been thought that a savage murder, committed bv one of a sane of four or more ruffians, in the presence of at least two eye-witnesses, in a public street, at an hour when scores of people were about, could easily have been traced and its perpe trator brought to prompt justice- Yet here we have the spectacle of the utter helpless ness of the police iu the face of a conspiracy of eilence and falsehood to shield a bloody minded runian. And tho man was even murdered in mistake ! Aud after he was so brutally slain he was cruelly slandered. The ' Herald ' reported one of the witnesses as saying that Thomas appeared to be a man who drank to excess. It is not enough for her husband to be torn from her loving em brace by cruel assassination, but tbe widow's bleeding heart must be scared by foul asper Bions cast upon him by an alleged profes sional witness, and the publication of his inane theories in an allegedly respectable paper. As a matter of fact Thomas was almost a teetotaler, at most a very moderate and occasional drinker. He had never made an enemy and never ran after strange women. On the testimony- of his hcart- brokeu wife, whose distress at her loss is most piti able to behold, and upon that of neighbors and tradespeople, Thomas must have been a model husband, scarcely ever going out of sight of his own door when once he knooked off work for the day. Though occupied as a 'dealer' there was no pushite business about him, and he was looked upon as a regular tradesman and respected highly by a Urge circle of clients, who purchased regularly from him. His wife was a widow when he married her and having been un fortunate in ber first choice, could appreciate her second's respectful fondness and quiet domesticity. RICHAUD TffOMAS. (Murdered in Bathurst-streot. May 20.) And this -was tbe man who was brutally murdered by some bludging coward, who mistook him for somebody against whom he hod a grudge, and who worked out his 'revenge' by a sneaking smash with an iroD bar. The evidence, such of if; as was to be accepted as truth, showed that fi»:r men . (?) came through a broken fence, behind the man, aud that as he got along side one of them remarked, 'Cop, you bastard ; I owe you one,' at the same time swinging the iron bar with terrific force onto the side of the unprepared victim's head ; then be dropped the weapon, and all four ? hurried away. Thomas fell in stanlly, and while he was down some person eased the insensible body of a silver watch and chain. A woman, who alleged that ho was in her company, gave evidence at the inquest, and was with the dying man when tbe polioe came up. Two stories have been told. Qne was that she had walked up to him and asked him to shout, and that they were conversing when, the man was murdered. The other was that he hint' shouted several times, and was under the influence of drink. Either or neither yarn may be true, but against tbe hitter story it may be stated that Mrs. Thomas gave her husband a two-sbiUing piece to go out with, and that he had one ahUling-and-ninepence on him when the police searched him. Verily, he must have been eery drunk ! Surely the police do not mean to let this murder 30 unavenged ? Have they no sense of pride in their office, no detective acumen whatever, that a glaring horror like this can be consummated in tbe public streets, in tbe presence of witnesses, and the murderer quietly hurry away and vanish » Is this Bathurst-street manslayiug to be relegated to the obscurity .of the same pigeon-hole as the Devonshire-street murder of Blackburn, the Domain murder of Collins and the kicking to death of the Swede Anderson, in Lower George Street ! These three staud out as glaring instances of tbe incapacity of the bydncy police, and in the eases of Anderson and Blackburn the power of the Push was proved infinitely greater than the power of tile police, and witnesses openly stated that they dare not tell all they knew. Other witnesses were spirited away till all inquiry had ceased, and in the Devonshire-6treet horror one very wealthy man spent money like water to soreen and smother, burk and mislead in quiry. \ i And what a commentary on our boasted civilisation is the brutal recklessness of human life and human suffering dis played by this foul, gang— for all are equVily guilty with Tiim^ who struck the blow. Imagine four creatures created in God's image, going about prowl ing with cruel intent, armed with such a dreadful weapon as an iron bar, to smash, find id all probability 'to elay a man to whom one of thecurs-iiBwedone*' Coward dogs 1 As if tbeir fists were not weapon enough to repay an imaginary or existing injury, especially when they were, as they always are when on'such devil's work, four to one. Pahl The mind sickens at 6ucli_revolting ? brutes, and that the police cannot run them to earth and fit the hellish crime upon them j is a shame and disgrace to the whole force, from Fosbery to 'Mad Mick.' ? ' 