CITY SWEEPiXGS. Bt Dustman. On my heap are thrown the sweeping Gathered there from far and wide, Tattered scraps of .truth or rumour Tossed ahoutaud cast aside. LlTDICBOOS rOBGEHT. A sad but curious, and in some ways laugh able case, came before the Court the other day. A lad of 13 employed as an office boy made a copy of a cheque for fun. He showed this copy to a gentleman friend allegiug he had found j it, and the gentleman thinking- it a bona fide \ cheque told him be had better take it to the bank. The youngster did so, passed it over the counter and awaitedjresults. The cashier evidently thinking it a clumsy attempt at ; altering a forged cheque quietly took it to a policeman, who confronted the boy with the | cheque and asked him if he knew anything about it. The lad at once said, " Ob, yes ! I wrote it. I've been waiting for the man to ! bring it back." He was immediately put in oharge and marohed off by the burley police- J man. . At the trial he was charged with forg ing and uttering. He pleaded guilty, and. was undefended. On being asked for an explana- ! tion of his oonduot he said, " I only did it for a bit of fun," and then went on to say that his , mother [a widow) was drying bitterly at home j and felt that-sheoouldpot'tieartosee hizn in i Court. He.was. ordered to be .whipped and set at liberty.' Undoubtedly there - was no intent to defraud, and if the lad had been de- ! fended he would have got off. The pity is.that any action was taken at all, for the whole thing was an idiotic attempt at a bit of fun, and now the faot of his having been convicted on a oharge of forgery will stick to him for life. -The youngster is a bright- faoed, pleasant dis poBitioned lad, with not a trace of viae in him, and I am glad -to say that His'employer still intends keeping him in the office. A Bag of Bones is all that is left of that "mean, lubberly ras cal, who went paddling round in a scow, let- j ting on he was doing big things, when he hadn't courage enough to get out of sight of land"—otherwise Columbus, according to Max Adeler's "Professor Quackenboss." How are I tbe mighty shrunken 1 and now the Spaniards are re-burying the bones of their only Christo pher. The great man didn't know where he was when he lighted npon America unexpect ed like. What will be his' feelings when he wakes up on the Bay of Judgmeutand finds himself hot all there—part inHavana, part in Seville, However, be was always a discoverer ! so there may be some hope of his coming to- j gether again after a. voyage of discovery in j search of his missing links. Perhaps to hemay embark on tbe ghost of his Santa-Maria. There j is no telling ; since 'ships have skeletons they may have souls'inside their ribs. All is Oveb ! People can now breathe again, for the battle of tongues has been fought to a finish. A re solution was passed in the Council that no referendum upon a constitutional question should be made without the consent of both Houses of Parliament, and wntaineda protest j against the recent action of the Assembly in , resolving to submit -a referendum without ob taining the oonBent of the Upper House. This is a big hit at the cooky Assembly, and should take some of the conceit out of the members of { the Bower House. Undoubtedly their endea vour to shuffie out of a trial of strength with the Counoil on a question of lowering the , franohise does not place them in too roey a j light as regards their fighting qualities. An appeal t» the people is all very well, but such an appeal as tbe Lower Honse desired could nobbave but put them in the ascendant. Their parHsans amongst the people are far more numerous than those of the Assembly, and are bound to plnmp for tbe honor of re-' turning members to the Upper as well as the Lower House. Even as it is they will have a I good election cry in the near future—the cry of the people's interests—but the action of the Legislative Council in condemning the whole, proceeding and vindicating its own right to have a say iu ail matters touching the Consti tution. will sadly diminish the effectiveness of this election cry. and open tbe eyes of the public to tbe desirability of having a check placed on the doings of the hasty and excitable Lower House. As Mr. Stirling said, the crisis hasbe6n pioductiveof much good. It was in no way a squabble between the two houses, but merely the insistence by one on the inad visability of bringing to bear on important ques tions innovations not contemplated in the clauses of the Constitution Act or any of its accompanying Acls upon the basis of which the whole fabric of the Constitution rests. The dictatorial position taken by theJPremier ir> regard to the Lower House,. which is filled chock-a-block with bis worshipping slaves, has also keen assailed, and this fact alone should lead to better work being done on every Bide. Slang. The tone of neither House is exceptionally sweet. It is rather strange that the result of 1 " lowering" the franchise should be productive of " high" words, but so it is. Here is an extract from the speech of one of the Council members:—"The Council went 'on Btrike' in order to indulge in 'duck shooting,' and that they would not ' play in the Assembly's back yard.' The Opposition had 'dished' the j country party over the Council franchise. Mr. Stirling had 'climbed down,' but where was his dignity?" What in heaven's name does all this mean ! The honorable member who uttered these beautiful high-class expressions must have picked them up in several baok yards, yet no one else in the Conncii asked him to explain himself. Presumably they 1 have all conned the slang dictionary to their ] mutual advantage, and regard such hopeless , hogwaah as quite intelligible to average minds. The above speech also ended 'amidst barrack ings.' "Surely there must have been a football | match in the Assembly's back yard, and the honorable member uttered these words in the exoitement of a eorimmage, when it could be quite understood that be would not know what he was talking about. The next elec tions are bonnd to return some bad eggs. It is to be hoped they will burst before they reach the Houses of Parliament. Obttcabt. The many friends of Mrs. MsaDonald in j Adelaide received with sorrow the announce-1 meat of ber death in - the Adelaide dailies. Mrs. MacDonald was liked everywhere for her many and great womanly qualities» and eBpe cialiy for her practical kindness of heart. The ! news of her death after snob a short and, sad to say, painful illness, caused a great shook here, and surprised many. Mrs. MacDonald was. passionately fond, of flowers, and her j numerous friends remembered this in forward ing floral tributes to Narracoorte. All feel ] -keenly, for Mr. MaoDonald in his sad bereave ment.' 