A DASTARDLY OUTRAGE. On Monday night, two young ladies Miss Mary Currie and Miss Mary Honey had returned from a walk to the residence of the former, which is situated in Car- nmripn-siroei cast, with the intention of retiring. As both Mr. and Mrs. Currie were out, mid one of Miss Curries bro thers was spending tlic evening with friends noil door, it was considered un necessary to remove the key from the out vie of the front door. The two girls, after reaching their room upstairs, were prejurijig to so to bed. when a noise w.ia heard from beloiv. Thinking that her brother had come home, Miss Currie went on to the lauding and called to him, when slie became aware that it was not her bro ther, lint .in unknown man who had entered the hou?e. Miss Currie states thai he had a companion with him. One of the men, who appeared to lie drank, had secured a lamp, which was burning on a table, and was going upstairs. The wo girls shut and bolted the door, and the niau is alleged to have tried u> burst it open, but it withstood his efforts. The girls screamed for assistance, but their cries were not heard. Suddenly die man at the door let the lamp fall, and Hiss Currie became so alarmed thai she opened the window and jum|>ed out. Her com panion was about to follow, but seeing that Miss Currie was apparently seriously injured by her fall, she did not do so. Kventualiy the ciies of the girls brought assistance, and the first t« enter the him* was young Mr. Currii', who noticed a man in the pis-age, and at once grappled wnh him. The nun was secured and handed over to some people in front of the house. The young man then rushed upstairs, and broke o;>cn the door of bis sister's room. He found Miss Honey under tlio bed. She had fainted, I ar.d later on became hysterical. 51:ss ! Currii; «-as subsequently found in the back yard, where she had Mien on sotne coal, and the spike of a Iwot last and seriously injured her^lf. Only one man was cap tured, and he was handed over to the police. JJr. Palerson and Dr. Harrold were <-ullcd to attend the Ktrls, whose nerves were entirely uufitrun? from the tenor which they had experienced. Hiss Curie has received internal injuries, but their exact nature ar<; not yet kuown. The spike of the l;ist intiictcd n serious flesh wound. The intruder was handed over to the |K>licc by Mr. Cuirie, sen., who arrived on tlie scene soon alter 10 o'clock. He was taken to the watchhousc, but it was found that the only charges that eouM be laid apiiust tlie man wore those 01 drunkenness and damnKinK a lamp. On the former rliarcc lie \ra« fined 10/. and the othor charges were dismissed, llr. liarrold. who is attendinp the ffirls, informed us on Thursday nijiht, that Miss Honey was rapidly reeovcrinp, and wouid probably lie able u> set up to-day, but ir will be non?e time l>ciore Miss Currie will be able to leave her rnnm. At the meeting of the University Shake speare Society c.n Thursday, the Rev. A. C. Sutherland. M.A., delivered a lecture on "Scotch Folklore and Shakespeare." Mr. Wyl?Tt Kwve I v:<-e-presiaem l pre sided «v<* a good attendance. The lec turer opened with a graphic des-crintion of that "Nod-forsaken land,'' John o' (iroats. His references, to Scotch folklore were limited to the heaths and. shaggy woods of the north, and he showed how the fading rare was gradually divesting, itself of iul old tongue, its old customs, its old superstitions, legends, mythical sjtories, [ rhyme*, and mystic rites. The race, how ever, was not fading in intellectual vieor or enterprise. The fancies of folklore had been forbidden, but the whirligig of time-'hrouphl its revenge, and to-day wit despised story wr.s summoned from the sooty hut to the closet of the philosopher, and some went-, so far as to say that it was the groundwork of our richest poetry, our philosophy, and our re ligion. Tin- lecturer would not go so far as that. Mr. Sutherland dealt with inti mate knowledge uj>on the witclies in Shakespeare and their contemnoraries in Scotch folklore, and also showed the linked learning of the great port with the fairies of the "Temin- st" anil the stories of the Highlands, indicating the characters in the plays as being soniciyhat synonymous with those imaginary objects of Scotch tradi tions, though the methods of mafic in Shakespeare differed. An interesting lec iure was brought to a close with some weird stories of ghosts. 