SPORTING NOTES. BY "CASPIAN." Last Saturday's meeting of the V.A.T.C. was noDe too inviting so far as the weather was concerned. All the same there was a fairly numerous attendance on the "heath." For some few meetings the public have been "on top" in picking the winners, but on Saturday they had to disgorge to the penclllers, who must have had a fair afternoonf The racing was of an interesting character, and Mr Vowles, although starting some of his handicaps ou a light scale, succeeded in creatng several close finishes. Out of the six races run, there were only two winners, Harpist and Hostile, who could claim Victoria as their birthplace, the others being got across the border. After the style in which Atbara won bis race at Aspendale Park, and hs prevous second at Caulfield then apparently green, the public se lected him as the most likely to annex the Katandra Two-year-old Handicap. Still the race was very open, and sound support was accorded that grand looking colt Benvolio, as well as Eland. Harpst, who subsequently turned out the winner, was almost untouched unlc-ss by his immediate stable connections. The victory of Harpist was gained with a de gree of merit that augurs well for his future. Benvolio, who Is a son of Malvolio and Winnl- fred. Is a colt of . .massive proportions," and like ly to make-a jlerby, horse. -He, »n .in the colors of Mr Sam Davis, Who, it will be re membered, won the Newmarket Kpny-sp with Churchill.' Harpist. is by . Harmonist,' by Silver (son of Stirling) "from Fairy .Voice (imp.) ' whilst his dam Hindrance was by Lanwiht? from Delay, by Snowden, Clamorous and. Cranberry were the chosen pair for the Khartoum Hurdle Race at Caul- field on Saturday, and so open did the event appear that 4 to 1 was obtainable about either and a . pretty strong following was behind Dalesman, and Realgar. Cranberry, who is owned by Mr C. M. Lloyd, never gave the field a ghost of a chance, leading from start to finish. He jumped none too cleverly, but he possesses any amount of. pace. The winner was ridden by H. Underwood in good style, and no doubt when Cranberry sobers down to his work he will prove a very useful sort. He Is sired by that once speedy horse Yately, owned and ridden many times by Bob Batty. Dr P. J. Flanagan's colors are always popu lar on our racecourses, but he rarely displays them outside of the suburban radius. How- ever, Titheradge carried them In the Glen Huntly Handicap on Saturday at Caulfield, and succeeded in downing .all opposition in great style. Teddy Power brought the winner out in faultless condition, and when he entered the weigbing-in enclosure be would not have blown out. the proverbial candle. Almost immediate ly after his victory, the son of Richmond and Camellia was, sold to an Indl&zi; buyer so that we shall see little more of Titheradge racing on our courses. Carbinier started favorite in -this race, , but he ran disappointingly, whilst Sedge, who was next in demand, ran last near- Iy the whole ot the journey. The stewards promptly called in the rider Burghall for an explanation. Whatever that might have been deponent knoweth not, but the official return was "a severe censure for his poor display of horsemanship." Mr A. Miller's Hostile, who has hitherto been known amongst the ranfc of amateurs, donned the "all white livery" in the Neerim Steeplechase at Caulfield. He had evidently shown the stable a good home trial, as he star ted co-favorite with Troy. The result was a ding-dong finish between the pair, terminating slightly in favor of Hostile, who gamely fought out every inch of the last half-mile. N.Z., who is considered a safe jumper, came to grief, as also dfd Reefer. Neither horse nor rider was injured. Hostile claims Glorious as his sire, a stallion that has in his day produced no end of good jumpers. Glorious can also lay claim to Regent, who won the First Hurdle on Satur day at the S.A.J.C. autumn meeting. Pope, who has been running for a consider able time without any succes, turned up trumps on Saturday at Caulfield, where he won the Glenferrle Welter Handicap cleverly from Blunderer. The latter appeared to have the race at his mercy until a few strides from the judge's box, when he refused to fight out the contest. Kilkenny, the favorite, ran up close behind the placed horses, but was unequal to the task of landing the stake. Pope is a son of the celebrated Lochiel from Lola, by Roodee (brother to Chester) from Keepsake, by Yatten. don. One of the greatest surprises of the V.A.T.C. April meeting was the succes of Ybraw in the Brighton Handicap. He was, comparatively speaking, unbacked, yet he defeated the favor ite, Veneda, like a hack. This son of Sunrise "and Vixen has all along been known to possess undeniable pace, but he has never shown in public hitherto anything like the form of Sat urday. He certainly had a very light impost, and it was no disgrace to Veneda and Wild Olive to suffer defeat when giving away 321b and 301b respectively to an aged gelding. Ve neda was, on his running second at Flemington to Forest, considered a cut above everything, but again Mr J. Davis' colors were unfortunate. Spindrift, another strong order, did not show up In any portion of the race. The gentleman racing under the nom de course of "Mr J. M. Roberts" secured a real bargain in Harpist, the winner of the V.A.T.C. Katandra two-year-old race. He purchased the son of Harmonist prior to the race for L200, with a contingency, and he must have got the lot back over the race and the colt thrown in. Thorinda, winner of the South Australian Stakes at Morphetville on Saturday, is by tlie Australian Cup winner Carlyon from Thora, by Somnus from Astarte, by Maribyrnong from The Fawn, the dam or Richmond, Bosworl'n, Palmyra. Segenhoe, Warwick, and others. Portllght, who won the Maiden Plate at the S.AJ.C. meeting on Saturday, is by Port Ad miral, a brother to The Admiral. This is tlie first of the progeny that has so far appeared in public, and the victory should help to give a fillip to her sire. Sunlight, her dam, is by the defunct Gang Forward, from Sunny Dale (imp.) by Hampton. Informer, the Warrnambool Cup winner, who has been purchased by Mr R. B. Ritchie, comes to Melbourne. He will be trained by Mr P. T. Heywood, at Arleigh Park, Dandenong. Merloolas, the Sydney crack, it appears, after all, was not purchased by the Indian liorte trader, Mr Tom Uphill, but has now been de finitely purchased by Messrs Kerouse and Madden. He is destined for India, with a view to his winning the Viceroy's Cup. The son of St. Swithin is one of tlie very best horses that-liave ever left for the land of nee and rajahs. During his career he has started 24 times, has won on 11 occasions, has been second seven times, third three times, and un placed three times. The races won by him include the Sydney Cup and several weight- for-age events. Merloolas is by St. Swithin from a mare by Kingsborough, and in stakes be has won L4C62. Forest has now in a very practical manner settled all criticism about his luck in the New market Handicap. His latest achievement in winning the S.A.J.C. Goodwood Handicap on Saturday with 9st 31b in the saddle is a dis tinctly good performance. He never gave his field a chance when it came to racing, beating Sir Rupert Clarke's Ranfurly easily, as well as Dirk Hammerhand, who subsequent!! won the St. Leger in hollow fashion from Cicero. This last performance of the son or Forest King and Young Lillian stamps him on of the smartest sprinters we have known this season. . m Contrast has suddenly developed w.f.a. wr in a marked degree. Few expected to witness the daughter of Commotion down such P - formers as Gnullo and Le Var, which s e In the S.A.J.C. Elder Stakes. . Messrs F. Cubitt and F. Musgrove, of Lam field, are getting up a subscription V>r widow and four children of the jockey D. m e, who dle.a few days ago. It is to be hope committee of the Y.R.C. will be able _ t . tribute something out of tho_Pfe Jockeys' Fund, which Is now standing with a| credit balance ot over L7000. j Locbiel was the most, successful sire at the Rosehill races (N.S.W.) on Saturday.. He claimed no less thian four winners out of the six races.' ' The Adelaide Cup, run. on Wednesday, re sulted in a victory for Mr Pearson's mare Con trast, who, on' her Elder Stakes win on Satur day, over Gnullo and Le Var, appeared the best of good things on paper. This daughter of Commotion and Contesslna is perhaps the best that her sire has left behind nim, and is likely to add more laurels to his posthumous fame. Speaking to her owner almost immediately after the win, he told me that he landed a good stake. Most people who withes sed Contrast run in the last Melbourne Cup will not forget her forward position, but few were prepared to find her figuring in w.f.a. races. The win ner conies of a great racing family, and her grand dam, Contessa, when trained by tbe late Mr W. Filgate, was very few pounds- short of w.f.a. Merry Pilgrim, who ran second, was rather a surprise. He is sired by Mr W. M'Culloch's imported horse, Pilgrim's Frog: ess; whilst he Var, the third horse, was, uutil Sat urday, considered the most likeiy to win the Cup. " At a meeting of the Tatura Race Club it was decided to hold the winter race meeting on May 24. From a statement submitted at the meeting it was shown that tbe club had netted L10 over the annual races on St. Patrick's Day. Sir Spooner Hart, a well-known veterinary surgeon, from India,' was present at the V.A.T.C. races, on Saturday. This gentleman is purchasing racehorses for the laud of the rajahs. Already, he has secured such useful horses as Baron II. (hurdle racer), Danwcli, and Tithcradge. Mr H. Byron Moore has been an inmate of Dr. Fitzgerald's private hospital, owing to an accident to his side. The well-known V.K.C. s. crotary, who is a great tourist, was climbing one of the slopes of Mount Macedon, and sup ped and fell. However, his many friends will ho pleased to learn that he has returned to his home, little the worse for his mishap. Vfantagong, a well-known sprinter on this side, recently owned by Mr W. Menzies, won a double last Saturday, at tbe Canning Park races, W.A. The Sardius gelding evidently has lest none of his pace. The Hypnotist, who was added to the list some, months ago, has been taken in hand by M.r S G. Cook. Entries for the Moonee Valley Steeplechase Met ting, which is fixed for Saturday, 27th May, close next Monday, at fi p.m., at the club s ofiice, Kirk's Bazaar. A capital array of entries has been received by the V.U.C. secretary for the meeting to be held at Flemington on Queen's Birthday. Mr Thus. \V. Moule, the secretary of the V.A.T.C., announces that there was a profit cf MO over last Saturday's meeting. Consider ing that the club gave away more in stakes than at the corresponding fixture of last year, tl.ls is a fair profit. Villiamstovn Race Club entries eloso on Monday, at C p.m., at the club's offices. Kirk's Bazaar. Entries for the Ballarat Minors' Turf Clttb races close next Monday oveuiag, at 8 o'clock. Bell Metal, the well-known hurdle racer, has been sold to Mr S. Margelts, who will ship him in Cab ut'r.. Mr !:. lieginald White, of Meiton, New South Wales, experienced a piece of had luck last week, by liio death of his brood mare, Lady Vivian, the dam of Vivian, Vigorous, Volley, and Valorous. The. mare died of inflammation coiisi qiienl upon slipping twin foals to 1 rSncs Chester. Lady Vivian was a chestnut mare, bred in 1S81 In Englaud, and was imported for i!;c Kirkham Ptud by the late Mr Jas. White, in isv2. She was by Strathe.onan out ol' Lady AuguRin, by Stockwell from Meeanee, by Touchstone from Ghtiznec. Mr Dan. O'Brien, who will always ha re- mcmbercd as bringing over the mighty Carbine from Nov.' Zealand, won a race recently at AEh- buvton, N.Z. This is his first victory for several years, notwithstanding that lie has b. .en racing in both N.S.W. and N.Z. The event was won by Peerage, by the Australian , Peer. U is to be hoped that this is only the forerunner of many more successes. '..!r J. W. Coweli, tho'caretaker cf the Kpsrm racecourse, died last Saturday. He was buried in the Cheltenham Cemetery. Mr Harry. Yccnd, who w.is for a lengthy period private trainer to Sir W. J. Clark'. ," has ri turned from India. He is on the look-out for something suitable for tVe racing rajahs. Mr G. W. S. Rowe, secretary of the War wick Farm Racing Club, wiles to the Sydney pi.-ss that "Mr S."it. Kennedy- has been ap- puimcd to assist him in his duties at race meetings (and not as stipendiary steward), to report eases of suspicious running . . Messrs Moore and Davis have sent in their resigna tions as stewards to the Warwick Farm Pac ing Clu_b, .md these have been accepted." Eirisd.iie, the Tasinanian champion, who ar- carled list, and won last Saturday, at Hobart, is expected here very shortly, with his train r, M. Doyle. The Tasinanian visitors are likely to he numerous this winter, ana ho doubt they will v.in a few good races. Mr ,t. Ashe, the secretary of the Mutone Race Club, has received n. good entry for the lmdir.g to bo held next Saturday. Fib-shire, by Mainsail, from Maggie Lander, has been sold through Messrs Campbell aud . "lis, to Mr Spooner Hart, the well-known In dian "vet." Eunicralla, the steeplechaser, has been fired ,. M'Loughliu, and turned out. Mr C. J. Roberts, of Windsor, New South Males, bad the ill-luck last week to lose a yS!y foal ,5y Oseulator from Mr Change, by Iievedi !!. The foal, which it is surmised was , . by a kick, was regarded as one of the ucst in j;o district. reui1 J' 'Sweeney's horses, Aroha and Rel;a. who, a short time since, were inmates <f oy L.odge stables, Flemington, have rc- to bydney. Mr M'Sweeney has made t'ook Carbine, a present to Mr S. G. I--w!e ??'a,nc? ickey. W. Delanev (now in .ngni id)' had the mount in the Anchor Stokes ininrani< £a ai'k» on ist April, on ail un- firkin s '!?ine >y tli0 New Zealand lior.se, scr from Frivoli. T5;e gelding finished M i st m a fle,d ot nine. 1, ,Th2mPS01i' tral"er of Mr H. Oxcn- war', !, leviathan, has added a 4- strin» r ? ,ug by Manton— Lucretia to his l 1 .nolscs in training, hand' -'Tennyson decorated Dirk Hamraer- St T pin!? wmiier of the South Australian J.C. Mr w v?"» eat.u,!'(iay- with the red ribbon. It web ill' u!, -ai S Sonsy- when running in the efWs L'iS-. i0n Saturday, broke one Kinv? <vT ? Lad to be destroyed. Wn» ?f ,the Rosehill Hurdle blue MnnnV y' y ' ex-Victorian liorse, day' ouatam. a great burdlo racer in his Bingf -'rr' aJld hreke her neck while run- of Mav 11306 at Epsom on the 10th vis, of i-aiMfiiM as <"v'ncd and trained by E. Da- Oudeis i ' a1d wafi a fairly good mare by . Tom Romola, jun. Welter n!,y' wba was greatly fancied in the ed on in!! Caulficld, on Saturday, succecd- WcPer iPinSS. May in winning the Epsom favorite a? « ,e son of Ifohal started Thd t?».« 70n something to spare. UP at mfuSLfu1 happy knack" of .cropping down by tbe seaside. At 1 Epsom on the 10th of .May he started favorite, and won the Mordialloc Handicap. . Wild Raven, who- was for some time -trained at Caulfield," and was greatly fancied 'in the . late Geelong and Australian Cups, won the Joc key Club Handicap at Hay on tbe 10th of May. Sir. Rupert Clarke opened the second day (10th May) of the S.A.J.C. Races by winning the Wel ter Handicap ands Ranfurly, a colt, by Eridls- porde, from Nina, fi-om Paine and Hester Gray- brook. lie was trained at Ballarat, by Jas. Scoble, and with a modicum of luck will win se veral good races before he retires from flat racing. On his breeding he should make a hur dle horse. Mr Bertie Barr Smith's Silverhorn, who, it will be remembered, came over from Adelaide last spring, t-nd ran in a hunters' race at Caul- field, won the S.A.J.C. Steeplechase on the se cond day, beating Mr S. Ferry's Wirrawa and Cataract, two brothers. The blood stallion Sir George, by The Aus tralian Peer— The' Witch (imp.), lias neon sold by Mr P. S. Marshall to Mr William Christian. Sir George will di stud duty near Bourke, New South Wales. The cable announces that our "American Cou sins" are cnce more on top in the racing in England. A few weeks ago Mr P. Lorillard won the One Thousand Guineas with Sibola. Now the same owner has appropriated the New market Stakes, with the American-bred horse Dominie II., by Sensation. Last year this horse was a good winner and no doubt on this acca- sion the stable profited by Dominie II. win. 