[?] (COTTBlfiHT.) IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. ? 1 ? e ? AH AUSTBMM STORY. CHAPTER XXX— CoxTiKncn. Charleston returned borne the fame day, it being understood tbat Trenowetb would make his way to Melbourne and return with a yacht, even if he had to get one built. He told tbe Byans about tbe finding of toe treasure, and the sad fate of Parsons. Toe latter bad been well known on Gape Barren Island, and the news ol his awful death cacsed general regret. Tbe good old couple did not appear much concerned aoout the gold. That is. tbe fact of obtaining such wealth did not affect' them, though they listened in Wonder to the strange narrative. Mrs. Evan, indeed, rather npset Edward by exhibiting considerable anxiety to Know what bad become of tbe huge king fish which bad startled him in the hold of the -xellibrand. * Oh, we killed the big fellow and had a portion of him for dinner,' be replied. 'Well, that was better than to let it die a lingering death in tbe ship/' the sympa thetic woman said. A couple of days later the Flora entered the little harbor and Trenoweth bade his friends adieu. He did not tell them what biB intention was, as tie wanted to give them a pleaiant aarprise. He was entrusted with a message to Miss Syan, and when, a few days later, he reached Iiaonceston, be bad an excellent excuse for calling on the young lady. ? In tact, daring the three days be was in launceston he saw her several times, and at each interview his good opinion of -the fair Nelly was increased. When he got to Melbourne he went at once to his ever etaunch friend and guide, John Barr, and told him what he was is search of. The genial Barr was pleased with tbe notion.and introduced him to a naval friend of bis named Captain Schultz. Tbe latter was a thoroughly experienced mariner, and jobt the man to make a wise selection. An advertisement w«t inserted in the leading .Melbourne papers, setting forth Trenoweth 's want, and in lees than a week he foun-i himself the proprietor of a beau tiful little thirty-ton yacht, named The Flinders. Captain SchuUz also carefully selected a ?very efficient crew for the boat, and a fortnight after his arrival in Melbourne * Trenoweth waa again ready to sail for the islands. He did not tarry long in tbe Victorian metropolis. f-»r after taking a tew friends round the bay he ga»e Ins skipper orders to sail for Ciarke'e Island. Tbe yacht was an excellent sea boat and cumptuously appointed, and as the fortunate young Cornishman reclined on deck as the vessel skimmed along, be could not help contrasting his ease and luxury with tbose dark days of anguish and differing when be was lost in the parched interior. Suddenly be started up, and going to hie ?cabin, opened an old portmanteau and took from it a carefully wrapped parcel. Going on deck be opened it and revealed a lump of magnificent silver ore. For a full hour he gazed at the specimen, while his face bore1 a speculative!? -troubled look. What memories did that lump of heavy ?ore recall to him ? They were evidently no pleasant ones, for tne expression on bis face was njt that of pleasare.but rather tbat of pain. Trenoweth knew in a dim, vague way that there was something connected with the ore ttat was poignant with consequences, but, for the life of him. he could not chryetalise the thoughts which floated in confusion through bis brain. f. What a mystery memory is I The genius of man can penetrate beyond the solar system into Stella worlds lost in the infinite depths of space ; it can harness tbe ' lightning from heaven and make it entirely obedient ; but memory is altogether beyond ite reach. So sciestiet, no inspired investigator, has yet been able to explain the mysterious* workings of that god-like faculty we call memory. . . The old man can sit on the brink of the grave and nnfold from bis mental treasury the panorama which stretches in a long YiA* to tbe cradle. He ctn conjure up in ? moment all tbe events ot us lite, yet ne knows act how it Is done. And so with Trenoweth. He was puzzled to thfcii^why he could recollect tbe finding of the piece of ore in the dead man's hand and the face of Kalla -oo looking down on him. and yet not be Ible to fill up the Bhortgap between the two t vents. He was certain that there was a gap. {Something in his inner cqnsciouspess told him so, but be could* get no further. With »'«gi- be got up and, going back to his cabin, replaced the piece of ore. ' When Clarke's Island was reached no time was lost in placing the boxes of gold on boaH the yacht and, with Charleston as passenger. Bail was made for Cape Barren Island. ' '?'-'?.-? ?????.- The residents of this on t- of -the- way place were somewhat surprised to see a 'stately yacht steering into the little bay, and their - surprise turned to pleasure, when they found who was owner of the pretty craft. It had been many year* sincfe m pleasure boat had touched ai\be{; lace. 'and they felt it eomewhat of an honor to entertain those on board. - To Trenoweth 'e ext reme pleasure.he found, as the boat came near the pier, tbat Nelly Hyan was stacdiag beside her mother, wait tie approach of the strange sail. ' - When anchor was cast be insisted on shoving all bands over h:6 purchase, and be felt mare than repaid when be saw tbe de ligbt which Appeared in ibe bright eyes of, Nelij Bjan. ] A week was spent on the island and. when leaving for Melbourne, Trenoweth insisted on Mr. Ryan and Kelly going with him to the southern metropolis. - - He argued in the most eloquent fashion that the old -schoolmaster must need a change of scene and a rest from ibis routine tabote. .? ''-' : Byan said be bad' teen* already in Mel bourne ; but. as be admitted tba£ it was fully a quarter of a century previous. Ed* wkrd 'brushed' the'' objection aside as being valueless. Mrs. Byan favored the young man's sug gestion, and between them it was decided ss Trenowetb wished. » The trip across m« a delightful one, and the schoolmaster had not been ao hour at sea when be mentally congratulated himself on having been persuaded to fall in with the his friend's desire. As for tbe fair Nelly. Bhe was more than delighted, not eo much with the sea- trip, as she *ras uBed t« that in her frequent visits to Launceston.but with the prospect of seeing Melbourne. . -! She had never yet been across the straits, and her wish was to see the city ot which she bad beard so much. - ' -' When Barr Heard or bis friend's arrival . be insisted tbat he and those with him should all stop at lCsseudon,an'd he uncerimoniou6ljr temoved them from tbe hotel where they had put up. CHAPTER XXXT. I THE OU) STORY. As soon as Charleston bad disposed of bis share of the eold. Trenowetb decided to deal with his portion. i r . -- ... . He went to the Victorian Treasurer and laid all tbe facts before him, and the reply be got reaesuted him - ' Divide the money amongst the charitier, my friend. The Government could not claim it, and it would be practically impos sible to find the rightful owners. If you make it public you will bave a lot of bogus claims eent in and no end of trouble.' :. The authorities 4»t tbe Melbourne Mint were considerably 'surprised at the large quantity of the precious metal which -was offered them by the islander, but beyond a formal question or two the surprise was not . manifested. - ' -. Tbe gold was assayed and found pore, the regulation price paid, and tbe transac tion ended. Various of the charities benefited by Tre- . noweth'e (generosity, and . » large sum was 1 keptior similar purppsesjd be expended in Tasmania. *.* \ Neither was Charleston a niggard with his new-found wealth. His tastes were simple andius wants, on Clarke's Island, few . Tbe fact tbat be was nowa comparatively wealthy man aid not seem to have tbe slight est effect on him. He was oneof those few men whom riches does not demoralise. It occorred to Edward at this time to try and ascertain what had become of tbe par ents ot the Nortons. He knew tbat Grey had no relatives in the colony, bulbe felrparticalaily anxious to know if the old couple who had been « suddenly bereaved of tneir sons were snu alive., . i The 'missing friends' columns of the leading colonial papers were laid under contribution, and in less than a week tbe advertiser was surprised to be waited on by the couple he wished to see. The story they told was an exceedingly affecting one. When intelligence .reached them at Ing'.e wood of the supposed tragic fate of their boub tbey realised tbe little money they could and set off for Adelaide, From there tbey started into the interior, and actually travelled as far as Mulwa Btation, determined to aet at rest all doubts as to tbe fate of their sons. At Mulwa they saw manager Anderson, and from tbe information given by him .and also by tbe remnants of clothes and articles found near tbe scelefons, tbey knew tbat death bad swept the loved ones forever from them.' : The kind- hearted manager drove them out to the grave on tbe plain, and they had the melancholy satisfaction of knowing tbat at least decent burial had been given to tbe dead '. Broken in heatt and with almost empty pockets, they managed; to get back to Me!, bourne, where they were making a precari ous Itvlihood. i Trenoweth told them tbe story of the fatal expedition, as far as he knew ; and he took care tbat tbe childless old couple should never want again as long as life lasted. He made a provision for tbem that placed i them in an independent position, and lie felt that never had he derived more plea sure from the expenditure of money. The days went swiftly by after this with Trenoweth. In the society of Miss Byan he seemed to forget all the troubles of his life, and he became again the happy youth he bad been wheo he worked tbe Wheal Merlin and his life aky bad never a cloud to mar its sun ebine. It seemed as if he had quite forgotten his promise to Mrs. Byan to bring her husband and daughter back to the island in a couple of w«elf«* t«e'». The old man himself, it must be confessed, - did not appear in a hurry to return, and his ! daughter took an almost childish delight in j seeing tbe sights of tbe city. She never seemed to weary, and she taxed the ingenuity of her friends to find her new places and scenes. How long this blissfnl state might have j continued it is difficult to say, had not an j untoward event happened which caused | Edward to bring his Melbourne visit to an j end. It was the month of November, and tbe I beauty and fashion of Australia was gravi- j tating to the Victorian metropolis to assist in the preat racing carnival of the year. Usually staid people seemed for tbe month to be afflicted with a mania in tbe direction of horse-racing. Tbey epoke of little else than tbe Mel bourne Cup, and ths universal topic of con versation was bett'ng. Tbe secular newspapers were filled with quotations of tbe ' odds,'' and minute des criptions of tbe last fast gallop. One day it would be announced tbat the favorite had a bad leg, and a thousand times more interest was manifested over the con dition of that horse than if it bad been the most powerful crowned head of Europe. The religious journals tbongbt the time opnortune to denounce in scathing terms tbe frightful vice of gambling, which seemed to have fixed its demoralising grip fast on tbe hearts ot tbe people. Reverend editors wrote columns of these denunciatory articles, and then they actively assisted at their church bazaar and encou raged tbe begging young ladies in their monetary assaults on the purees of tbe bach elors. ? tt was. indeed. ? strange time altogether. . For the period man bowed down in worship to tbe horse and forgot augbt else. Of course, it was arranged that Trenoweth and bis friends should go to tbe Melbourne Cup, as half --ibe population of tbe colony was going to do likewise. ? A select party was formed, consisting of Barr and bis family with Trenoweth and his guests. The young man, it mu6t be said, took but little Jnterest in borse-racibg ; «ad,hadjhe consulted bis individual taste, be would not have gone to the Flemington course at ell. Tbe. weather for tbe great racing event of the year was all that could be desired, and the course alone was well worth going to see. Tbe schoolmaster, osei to the quietude of the isolated island, was driven almost be wildered by the rush and roar ot tbe mighty crowd in which he found himself at Fiemington. He had never in his life seen anything to approach the excited multitude, and it took Barr a -considerable portion of his time to look after his elderly friend. ) Trenowetb, of conrse, devoted himself to] Miss Bjan, and was extremely assiduous in j faia attentions, ; The operations of tbe *' Ring' at last at': ir-cted ibeir notice. . ' They had been on the coarse for a little more than an hour when the brass-throated gentry, who make a living by ** laying the odds,' caused the pair to pause in their peregrinations. i The Cup was the next race to be rnn^md it was on this event that the wagering waa being made. ? The din of voices resembled Ihe confosioik that must have prevailed at tba Tower ol Babel, and it was quite incomprehensible to both Trenoweth and Miss Byan, at the first. As they listened it became more intelli gible, and gradually they were able to distinguish what all the ehouting was atwu*. One man in particular was particular for his brazen throat, and Trenoweth gave a ' start as h« heard him called Simpson by a gentleman who had just taken the odds from him. ^* Why he felt any surprise at the mention of that name he could not tell at the mo ment. It was, as tbe reader knows, a man named Simpson who married Inez Jasper, but since tbat event Edward bad met a number of people bearing the name. He looked at the fellow in front of him with considerable euriosity, and the more he scrutinised him the more confident be got that he bad met witu some one who bad crossed his life. The face of the bookmaker waa not a pleasant one, by any means. Tbe skilled physiognomist would have no difficulty in reading evil in that face, and vice had marked it in no uncertain man ner. He was evidently betting heavily, as be could scarce fina time to book the nume rous wagers which were flowing in on him. The description given by Mrs. Trenoweth in her last letter to her son rose up in Tre noweth'e mind,&nd; to a great extent it corre sponded with that of the man he was look ing at. *~-- The. difference could easily be accounted for by the lapse of' time and the wild and dissipated life which tbe bookmaker had led. Then Trenoweth recollected that bis mother had said that Charles Simpson was a squatter, or had represented himself to be ?uch. \- It was quite feasible, though not stall probable,' that tbe former squatter had, by reverse of fortune, retrograded into a book maker ; bnt it was still more likely that tbe Simpson of St. Cdlumb's Cove bad falsely represented himself to Mrs. Trenoweth and Inez. If his object was to win the latter it was morally certain that bad been done to gain his point. He was so engrossed in bis study tbat Nelly Byan spoke to him twice before he answered her,and be bad to apologise for bis. fit of abstraction, as be called it. He reflected that if Simpson were really the man be suspected him to be, his wife, if alive, would almost certainly be on tbe course. In a crowd of %ixty thousand persons it wonld not be easy to pick out a single indi vidual, but if Inez Jasper was anywhere about Trenoweth felt sure be would see ber — even if the crowd numbered more than a million. When the race was run the young man noticed tbat bookmaker Simpson appeared ill at ease. His face was decidedly pale, and bis lips ' twitched nervously, as though something unforeseen Lad happened. For a wonder, a red-hot favorite had won and there was a settled gloom on tbe faces of a good many bookmaker*. Tbeir boisterous demeanor was now- sub* ' dued, and it was apparent tbat many. of them had been heavily bit by the result of tbe Cup race. Trenowetb and Miss Byan strolled on to the lawn, and the young lady could not help enquiring what made ber companion look so serious. He was fain to protest that nothing was the matter with him, but his face belied his assertion. * ? . They met Barr and tbe old scfaoohaister on the lawn and had just turned away from them, when Edward came face to face with one that caused him to stop suddenly and utter an exclamation o! surprise. Not ten feet away stood Inez Jasper, or rather Mrs. Charles Simpson. . ' ' She was staring full at him, with a pecu liarly sarcastic smile on her lips. She had altered somewhat, but not for the better. There was that, indefinable expression in ber looks which spoke of nnbappiness, and care sat heavily on ber. , For half a minute Trenoweth returned tbe etare of tbe woman who had jilted him, whilst his companion regarded him with silent surprise. Then, with an abrupt apology for his conduct, he offered MiBB Byan his arm and, with s muttered excuse tamed hack wit* tier towards xne epoi wttere net tainer ana Barr were standing. 'I believe I have seen ghosts to-day,' be laid, with a sad smile, to his companion. 'Twice tbia afternoon I have been startled by seeing people I thought I knew, bnt it wast only fancy.' As the young couple tamed away Mia. Simpson regarded them with an eager look, and -remained motionless for several min ntes. Then, with a half suppressed sigh, she turned and went off towards the grand stand.— To be Continued. W F 21 ^ 