I THE CARDINAL AT THE OATHE I1 A SERIES OP LENTEN LECTURES. I PROTESTANT INDIFFERENCE TO DIVINE I' l TRUTH. PRIVATE JUDGMENT AND THE TEACH INGS OF OUR LORD AND THE APOSTLES. On Sunday evening the Cardinal-Archbishop in St. Mary's Cathedral delivered the first of a Lsnten series of sermons or lectures on Catholic Faith and Protestant Indifference. WITHIN AND WITHOUT THE FOLD, ' troa so luveu me wuriu, ua iu give xaia uiny ue gotten Son ; that whosoever believeth in Him. may not perish, but may have life everlasting.' (John 3, 16). The subject which I have chosen for my address to you this evening is Indifference to Divine Truth. Outside the Catholic fold there is a very general complaint that a widespread indiffer ence prevails regarding the teachings of religion. Men are often heard to avow that they do not trouble themselves about the tenets of Divine Faith. What is of unquestionable importance to them is that they be men of honesty, truthful and upright; as to the rest, one religion is as good as another. And, yet, nothing can be more baneful in its spiritual results than &uch; Indifference to Divine Truth. It made itself felt in some of the old countries of Europe, and invariably impiety and Atheism followed in its train. It has pene trated into the United States, and what has been the result? Not very long ago, a census of the various religious denominations throughout that vast Republic revealed the fact that more than 45 millions of its citizens professed no religion. Protestant writers assure us that in several of the States Anglicanism, or as it is there called Pro testant Episcopalianism, is dead and buried, and that most of the other various sects, despite all their efforts and their vain display are marching on ward in mournful procession towards the tomb. A THEOLOGICAL MUSEUM. A leading Protestant clergyman in New York a, few weeks ago publicly lamented the decay of re ligion. It is in Theological museums, he said, that nowadays Protestantism is to be found. He added : 'Protestantism in the Reformation sense is dead. The land is defiled by almost two hundred lym pathic, gelatinous, halting, doubting sects, that are just beginning to become conscious of the fact that they have lost the masses of this country to reli gion.' And he concludes his lament with the em phatic words : ' The soul has gone out of Protes tantism, and neither galvanizing nor embalming will reanimate the body or stay the decay and putrefac tion.' What shall I say of the religious condition of Great Britain? She is justly proud of her mar vellous progress in the paths of wealth and com merce, of the unrivalled supremacy of her fleet, of her giant colonies encircling the whole known world in their embrace. But in terrible contrast to this pride of empire is the sad, spiritual destitution of countless gifted souls in all the great centres of her commerce, and there can be no question that this irreligious condition of things is the result of indifference in regard to the teachings of Divine truth. Some years ago the Times (4th May, 1860) published the details of a religious census taken in the principal towns of England. Everywhere a prodigious number of persons were found who neither had nor professed to have any religion whatever. The number of those who thus repudiated all senti ments of religion was 40 per cent, of the whole population in Leeds, 44 per cent, in Birmingham, 51 per cent, in Manchester, and 62 per cent, in Sheffield, and so in other towns. An earnest Anglican writer declared that ' thousands upon thousands are living in London to whom the great truths of the Gospel are practically as little known as if the land of their birth were a heathen land ' ; and another no less authoritative witness writes : 'There are whole streets within easy walk of Char ing Cross, and miles and miles in more obscure places,. where the people live literally without God in the world.' Such is the condition of things as regards religion in England, which, as authentic witnesses attest, is the result of indifference to Divine truth. PROTESTANT PRINCIPLES. Now, if we seriously reflect on the matter for a moment, we cannot fail to recognize that it is pre cisely such Dead Sea fruits we should expect at the present day from the Protestant principle of private judgment. Two centuries ago the illustrious Bossuet foresaw such results. Me thus wrote: ' Every man erects a tribunal for himself, where he becomes the arbiter of his own belief. Al though, the innovators wished to restain the minds of men within the limits of Holy Scripture, yet as each individual was constituted its interpreter, and was to believe that the Holy Scripture would dis cover to him its meaning, 'all were authorized to worship their own inventions, to consecrate their own errors, and to place the seal of the Divinity on their own thoughts. It was then foreseen that by this unbridled licence, sects would be multiplied to infinity, and that while some would not cease to dis pute, or to hold their reveries for inspirations, others, wearied by visions of folly, and not able to recognize the majesty of religion, torn asunder by so many sects, would seek at length a fatal repose and complete independence in indifference to all religion, or Atheism.' A SHORELESS SEA OF DOUBT AND CON FUSION. You will remark that it is an easy thing to tell the searchers after truth to look to the Sacred Scriptures for the doctrines of life, and to take their own, too often erring, judgment for their guide in the arduous search. But when the inquirer asks what is the authority of the Scriptures to which he has been thus referred, he will be told that many leaders of public opinion regard them as Divine, whilst others of no less fame for research and learning declare that fables and fictions are there jumbled to* gether with heavenly truths in inextricable confusion. He will look for guidance, perhaps, to the Anglican Bench of Bishops and others, who are supposed to be secure leaders in Israel, but there is scarcely a single tenet of Christian Faith on which even these are round to be agreed. In a leading Protestant periodical last year (the Churchman, February 5th, 1898) the statement was made regarding the re ligious tenets of the Anglican Bishops of the pre sent day : ' It is probably true that ninety per cent, of our Bishops of to-day believe and teach the views for which Bishop Colenso was decried many years ago.' What wonder is it that the anxious inquirers, weary and disgusted with the uncertainty that meets them at every side, would seek some balm for their disturbed conscience in the delusive maxim that one Religion is as good as another. And yet it is difficult to conceive of anything more repugnant to the first principles of revealed religion than this. THE REDEEMER'S WORDS. The authority of Our Saviour is the living foun dation on which, the revealed truths of religion rest. Again and again the voice of the Father from heaven in words of thunder proclaimed : 'This is My beloved Son, in Whom I am well pleased : hear ye Him.' That heavenly voice was re-echoed in the fulfilment of prophecies, in the miracles that marked the public ministry of the Redeemer, ;in His evange lization of the poor ; in the sublime truths which He announced, in His unwearying routine of deeds of mercy and love for those among whom He minis tered, in the institution of God's Kingdom upon earth, and in the glorious resurrection from the tomb. Now, to deny a single truth that comes to us on the authority of the Redeemer is to destroy the foundation on which the whole fabric of Divine revelation rests. But let us endeavour to realize what this rejection of the Redeemer's Testimony involves. He is the Eternal Truth itself. If we lift our thoughts to heaven, we know from the Gospel teaching that the radiance of that Eternal Truth it is which illumines the new Jerusalem. The Cherubim and Seraphim are enraptured with the contemplation of its Divine rays. For all eternity that sacred light will be the joy of the blessed souls. The same Divine truth as revealed in Holy Church is the light of the Christian soul, its life and conso lation, its delight,, its strength during its pilgrim age here below. It is the same Divine truth that imparts freedom to the conscience and the human heart : ' My truth shall make you free, indeed.' How much then is involved in question ing that Divine authority, or in the folly of pro claiming our indifference as to what we belive or do not believe. We rob ourselves of the freedom of heart and conscience, that tve may be enslaved in the pursuits of passion and the deceits of error. We deprive ourselves of the Divine thrice-blessed light, the precious heritage that the Most High has bestowed upon us. And with the loss of that heavenly light, spiritual darkness will spread itself over the intellect and banish from the Chris tian soul those hopes of eternal life which are the presage and promise of our future bliss, as they are the seal of heaven on everything that constitutes our happiness and spiritual blessing here below. THE PERPETUATION OF DIVINE TEACHING. But let us see in what manner it has pleased Our Divine Saviour to perpetuate those teachings of His heavenly truth for His faithful children. Our Saviour invested His Church with authority to teach. At divers times He said to the chosen disciples : As the Father hath sent Me, so I send you ; he who hears you, hears Me ; the glory which the Father hath given Me (that is, the mission of mercy and truth and love), the same I give unto you. And all this He compendiated ia the, Supreme Commission which He imparted to them before He ascended into heaven. He recalled to their minds the infinite power with which He was invested : ' All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth,' and then in the exercise of that power He addressed ti them the momentous words : ' Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations,' make all the peoples of the earth your disciples ; ' teaching them to observe all things that I have commanded you ; and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world' (Matth. 28, 19). Such is the sublime commission which Christ ' the way, the truth, and the life,' gave to the Apostles and which they were to hand on to their successors till the end of time. But if the Apostles received a Divine commission to teach, the duty must devolve upon the faithful to receive their teaching. And lest anyone would entertain a doubt as to such a duty, the Redeemer adds the Divine sanction, ' He who believeth not shall be condemned' (Mark xvi., 16). FAITHFUL UNTO DEATH. The Apostles went forth as the heralda of Divine truth, despite all dangers and menaces, fulfilling the mission entrusted to them. Led before the Jewish tribunals they boldly proclaimed that to compro mise those sacred truths would be a denial of their Divine Master. With joy they received the buffets and scourges in Jerusalem. Faithfully they preached among the nations the Kingdom of God. St. John cast into the boiling oil, St. Paul be headed, St. Peter crucified, all the other Apostles in their varied forms of martyrdom sealing with their blood the testimony of their faith, present a solemn protest against indifference as regards the truths which they preached. The Apostolic senti ment of heroic devotedness to the teachings of re ligion lived on unchanging and unchanged in Holy Church. Myriad martyrs encountered death in its most terrific forms sooner than surrender a tittle of the faith, For three centuries it is in the Cata combs that the faithful must seek instruction, and assist at the Holy Sacrifice, and receive the Sacra ments of life. But they endured all and suffered all the hardships that the world could inflict, rather than betray or imperil a singlo tenet of the truths committed to tnem. The same spirit of devoted ness to the Faith has unceasingly pervaded every faithful heart in Holy Church, and at the present day 300 millions of those who in the Catholic fold offer to the Creator the homage of their adoration and hope and love, are ready to suffer all, and to endure the loss of all, sooner than deny a single truth once delivered to the Saints. KEEPING THE COMMANDMENTS IS NOT SUFFICIENT. We may take two instances recorded in the New Testament to illustrate how repugnant this indif ference in matters of Faith is to the Divine and apostolic ordinance. We are told inthft 10th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles that there was in Cfcsarea a pious Centurion named Cornelius. He was ' a religious man, and one that feared God with all his house, who gave much alms to the people, and prayed to God always.' Here we have an upright man, keeping the Commandments, and a model to those around him. Those who plead for indifference in the matter of religious tenets will assuredly be content with the character that is thus given him, and without hesitation will affirm that he was on the road to Paradise. But the Gospel of Christ required still more. An angel from heaven reveals to Cornelius that he needs to be instructed in the truths revealed by Jesus Christ, and a Divine vision summons the Prince of the Apostles, St. Peter, to impart the necessary instruction to him, and by the Sacrament of Baptism tc enrol him in the flock of Our Blessed Lord. Thus it was that the virtuous, moral, upright life of the Centurion did not not suffice to ensure his heavenly crown That integrity of life prepared him to receive the blessings of Redemption. THE FOLLY OF UNRESTRICTED LIBERTY, All the details of the lessons imparted to him by the Prince of the Apostles would appear to be recorded by the Holy Ghost for the express pur- pose to teach us how inconsiderate is the folly of those who advocate unrestricted liberty in the choice of religious truth. With this lesson from the Acts before us no one can seriously contend that it is a matter of indifference in the sight of God what religious tenets a man may profess. The 15th chapter of the Acts affords a no less striking example. There were teachers in Jerusalem, men of zeal and learning, of exalted position and high repute, who would combine the lessons and virtues of the Gospel with the observances of the Mosaical law. Suiely, if ever, here was a case for compro mise if men may be indifferent as to the tenets which they profess. But the Apostles knew of no such indifference. They cannot allow light and darkness, truth and error to be linked together in the Church of their Divine Master. They assemble in council in Jerusalem, and they place on record for the instruction of all future ages that one is the Gospel which all the faithful must profess ; there can be no association o£ error with it, and whos0- ever deviates from those lessons of Divine truth is to be cast forth from the one saving fold of Christ. THE AUGUST AND HISTORIC COUNCILS OF THE CHURCH. I am confident that whilst reflecting on this solemn Council held by the Apobtles in Jerusalem your .thoughts will have been wafted along the course of centuries and you will have realized that that Apostolic Synod has been the type and model of those grand sessions of united Christendom which, as circumstances arose, have been held from century to century, and are known as the General Councils of the Catholic Church. The first of these, the General Council of Nicea, was held a few years after peace was restored to the Church by Constantine. The historian Eusebius, who was himself present, has given a description of that august assembly : ' There were assembled there (he says) out of all the Churches, which had filled the whole of Europe, Asia, and Africa, the very choicest from among the ministers of God ; and one sacred building, expanded as it were by the Divine command, embraced at once within its com pass both Syrians and Cilicians, Phoanicians and Arabians, and Christians of Palestine ; Egyptians, too ; Thebans and Libyans, and some who came out of Mesopotamia. A bishop also of Persia was present at the Council, and even Scythia was not wanting to that company. Pontus also and Galatia, Pampbylia and Cappadocia, with Asia and Phrygia, constituted the choicest of their prelates. Moreover, Thracians, Macedonians, Achaians, and Epirotes, and inhabitants of still more remote dis tricts were, notwithstanding their distance, pre sent. Even from Spain itself, that most celebrated man, Hosius, took his seat with the rest. The Bishop of the Imperial City of Rome was, indeed, absent on account of his advanced age, but Presbyters of his were present to represent him.' The historian adds that the Emperor Con stantine offered to Christ, this august assembly, 'a garland, twined and knitted together in the bond of peace, as a sacred memorial of his grati tude for the victories which he had gained over his foreign and domestic enemies.' NO TOLERATION OF HERETICAL ERROR. Many of the Bishops in that august Council had passed through the ordeal of the persecution and bore the trophies of their sufferings for the Faith. Whilst the persecution raged some of them had had treir eyes plucked out, others had been scourged or imprisoned. Some had a hand or an arm lopped off. One was there whose tongue had been plucked out, but to whom speech was miraculously restored. It was an assembly of living Martyrs and heroic Con fessors tor the Faith. But what great purpose was it that summoned those venerable Prelates from their flocks to meet around the altar in the Church at Nicea? They assembled there to cut off from the Communion of the Church of Christ all those who, in the pursuit of their private judgment and following the footsteps of Arius, would in the matter of the Divinity of Our Blessed Lord fashion to themselves novel tenets contrary to the teachings of Divine Faith. Thus, once for all, those Fathers of. Nicea set the seal of the Church on the condemnation of that indifference in regard to religious tenets which men nowadays would seek to make fashionable amongst us. And yet, if ever there was an occasion to extend toleration to a heretical error, we would expect to find such toleration granted to the tenets of Arius. He was so artful as to win the favour of the Imperial Court. His errors were hidden under the mask of reverence for things Divine. Many men of eloquence and learning espoused his cause. So ambiguous and elastic were the formulas which conveyed his errors that not a few of the clergy in the best of faith accepted them. So widespread at one time was the misconception in re'gard to those tenets that, as St. Jerome attests, ' the whole world was astounded to find itself Arian.' And yet the Council of Nicea would allow no compromise between error and Divine Truth. The heretical tenets were anathe matized, and those who adhered to them were inexorably cut off from the communion of Holy Church. From age to age other General Councils have been held. Our own century has witnessed the great Vatican Council ; and need I recall to mind that the 800 assembled Fathers renewed in a special way the anathema of the Church against the indifference to religion which brings with it such ruin to souls in our day. ONLY ONE STANDARD OF ORTHODOXY. And here it may be remarked that in those early ages many of the innovators who would fain combine the fancies of their own private judgment with the teachings of Divine truth, were men held in public esteem, whose fame for piety was wide spread throughout the Church. Novatian was re markable for exemplary character and for his austerity of life. Donatus was the ornament of the Church of Africa in his day. Pelagius and Celestine were reckoned among the best writers of their age ; tsey were, furthermore, second to none in their solid learning and their devotion to every practice of piety. But all this did not avail when there was question of corrupting the traditions of the Fathers, of adding to or taking from the sacred deposit of the Faith. There was only one standard of orthodoxy to guide the Church. There could be no admixture of error with Divine truth. The Unity of the Faith was to be maintained at any cost. The doctrines revealed by Our Blessed Lord, and handed down in Holy Church, were to be preserved intact and in corrupt, and whosoever relying on his private judg ment would choose to himself new tenets must rest assured that his error shall be cast forth, and that the anathema of the Church shall be pronounced against him. VAGARIES OF ANGLICAN BELIEF. But here a difficulty confronts us. A few weeks igo I had occasion to contrast the teaching of the Apostle regarding the Church of Christ with the present condition of Anglicanism. The Apostle insists on the unity of religious belief as an essential feature of the true Church ; he proclaims the necessity of one Faith, even as there is one Lord, one God, one Baptism; and whosoever leviates from that unity of Faith is branded with a terrible spiritual anathema. Now, in the Anglican Church there is no authoritative teaching, and tience even among those who should be the leaders in Israel there is no agreement as to the truths of Divine Faith. Some of their Bishops and digni taries will preach the real presence of Our Saviour in the Blessed Euchurist, whilst others reckon such a doctrine among the abominations of Popery. Some of them even go so far as openly to reject the Divinity of the Redeemer, the foundation on which all supernatural religion rests. One of our Protes tant Bishops (his Lordship of Bathurst) has since then entered the lists to champion the Anglicau cause. He does not deny that those conflicting tenets are to found among his episcopal brethren, :. nor does he call in question the ever-increasing in difference as regards religion that results from such contradictory teaching. He devises, however, a . special theory to palliate this want of unity of . Faith. St. Paul, he says, addressing the Church in Corinth, writes : ' There are heresies among you' (1. ep. xi, 19). Now if heretical tenets were to be found in the flourishing and Apostolic Church of ? Corinth, what wonder is it that doctrinal novelties of every type would be tolerated in the Anglican Communion. But even supposing his Lordship's statement to be correct, the Apostle does not say that those heresies were to be tolerated, much. farther is he from approving of them. However, his Lordship of Bathurst does rot accurately cite the Apostle's words. What the Apostle writes is : ' There must be heresies among you, that they also who approved may be made manifest among you.' Thus there is no question of extending tolerance to , those who had corrupted Divine truth. The Apostle teaches that, considering the pride and perversity of man, heresies would necessarily arise, but those attempts at the perversion of the Gospel would be, controlled by the Divine power to bring into bolder relief the teachings of Christian truth. Even so by the winnowing the chaff is carried away and the good grain is made known ; and the tree is healthier and produces more abundant fruit when the decay ing branches are cut off from the sound stem. ' The history of heresies comes to justify the Apostle's words. It is precisely when corruption here or there would gather around the sanctuary, or when : men's minds or hearts were becoming enslaved by pride and passion, that heresies were allowed to afflict the Church. Butjthe result has ever been the same, the gold of Divine Faith has come forth from the crucible in all its purity untainted and incorrupt, the dross of heretical teaching has been east away. That which was intended for evil has thus, in the Divine disposition of. things, been directed to good, and even heresy is made to co operate in adding lustre to faith and charity. Such, is the Apostle's teaching. Throughout his writings you will seek in vain for a single word that can be construed into a tolerance of error in matters of Divine Faith. On the contrary, he everywhere proclaims the same truth, that whosoever forfeits the Unity of Faith is cut off from the inheritance of God. Hear how he writes to his disciple, St. Titus (III., 10) : 'After a first and second admonition, avoid the heretical man ; knowing that such a one is perverted and sinneth, being condemned by his own judgment.' By the very fact of rejecting the truths handed down by Apostolic tradition, and taking his own private judgment for guide in select ing the tenets to be believed, he stands self condemned, and the faithful are warned against communicating with him. And there is nothing * new in the sanction thus proclaimed by the Apostle. He only re-echoes the words of the Divine Master : ' He who will not hear the Church, let him be to ' thee as a heathen and an outcast.' THE EVIL OF ANGLICAN INDIFFERENCE. We may take a few other instances from the Apostle's writings to illustrate how little sympathy he had for that indifference in regard to the tenets of Divine Faith nowa days so acceptable to our Anglican brethren. In his Epistle to the Galatians, he leaves us room, for doubt as to his teaching on this head. Novel . doctrines had begun to creep in among the Galatians whom he evangelized. In the Epistle addressed to them he laments that they would allow themselves to be thus deceived by men who pervert the Gospel of Christ, and then he calls on them in the most explicit manner to repudiate everything not in harmony with the doctrines which they had re ceived : ' Although we (he says) or an angel from ?* heaven should preach to you any gospel other than that which we have preached to you, let him be anathema. As we have said before, so now I say again : If any man preacheth to you any gospel other than that which ye have received, let him be anathema.' (I. 8). Writing to his disciple, St. Timothy, he tells in his first Epistle of Hymenseus and Alexander who had made ship wreck concerning the Faith. Does he proclaim himself indifferent in regard to their erroneous tenets ? No ; but, on the contrary, he declares that he had delivered those erroneous brethren 'to Satan that they may learn not to blaspheme.' (I. 20). Again, in his 2nd Epistle, he exhorts the same devoted companion in. his Apostolic Ministry to be watchful as to the truths committed to him : ' The things which thou hast heard from me through many witnesses, the same commit to faithful men, who shall be fit to teach others also, Preach the word, be instant ^'season, out of season ; reprove, entreat, rebuke ?with all patience and doctrine. For the time will come when tbey will not endure the sound doctrine, but according to their own desires they will heap up teachers to themselves, having itching ears ; and from the truth, indeed they will turn away the hearing, but they will be turned to fables.' (2 Tim., IV, 2.) ANATHEMA. Nothing can be more explict than this teaching of the Apostle. One is the sacred deposit of Go?pel truth consigned to the faithful, and anathema is pronounced against those who shall prove unfaith ful to the doctrines which they received. The em bracing of other tenets is declared to be a turning -.to fables, and those who persevere in the paths ox error incur the terrible penalty of being cutoff from the Church and consigned to perdition. No wonder that the Apostle again and again should exhort the ' faithful to cling immoveably to the unity of the Faith, a most precious gift of God to His children. It is only when such unity of the Faith exists that the Spirit of God is to be found. And whilst Holy Church is proclaimed to be ' the pillar and ground of truth,' the Apostle adds that this blessing is conferred on us in order that we may not be . 'tossed to and fro, and carried about by every ?wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, by craft ac cording to the contrivance of error.' (Ephe. IV , 14 ) The other Apostles are not less fortunate in their denunciation of false brethren who would turn aside from the fountains of truth once given to the saints, to dig for themselves broken cisterns thit cannot hold the waters of life. St. Peter in his 2nd epistle tells us the fate that awaits those agents of error : 'There will be among you,' he says, 'false teachers, who will bring in destructive heresies, and deny the Lord who redeemed them,' and he adds, 'They bring on themselves swift destruction' (II. . 1). So, too, St. Jude in his Catholic epistle exhort' all the faithful 'to strive earnestly for the faith once delivered to the Saints,' and shun the impious men ' who denv our only Sovereign and Lord, Jesus Christ.' (v. 3.) The Apostle of love, St. John, in his First Epistle, brands as a deceiver and anti-Christ whoever would corrupt the teaching of our Blessed Lord, and then he exhorts the faithful : ' Let 'that which you have heard from the beginning abide in you. If that which ye have heard from the beginning abide in you, ye also shall abide in the Son and the Father. He who believeth in the Son of God, hath the testimony of God in himsplf He who doth not believe the Son, maketh Him a liar ; because he believeth not in the testimony, which God hath given of His Son.' And in his 2nd Epistle he again writes: 'He that knoweth God, hearethus; he that is not of God, heareth us not. By this we know the spirit of truth and the spirit .'or error. If any man cometh to you, and bringeth not this doctrine, receive him not into the house and give him no greeting, for he that giveth him greeting partaketh in his evil ways.' What wonder that the illustrious St. Poly carp, disciple of St, John, though inheritor of the Apostle's meekness and of his love of the Divine Master, would give no quarter to heresy wherever it was found. It is related that when the heretic Marcion would proffer Ms friendship, accosting St. Polycarp with the familiar words, Dost thou not know me? 'Yes,' replied the saint, 'I know you to be the first- born of Satan.' HEAR THE FATHERS OF THE CHURCH. -You may, perhaps, now ask what has been the teaching of the Fathers of the Church regarding this indifference to Divine truth, of which we have been speaking ? Let us, then, see what were the sentiments of the great saints who, by the heroism of their piety and zeal, were in the early ages the . ornaments of Holy Church, and by their untiring ministry in preaching and teaching handed on to ?usithe traditions of the Faith. Did they regard it.ias a matter of little importance what tenets were received or what rejected by the faithful ? Did they hold the fashionable tenet which I impugn that if men be honest and upright it matters not ?what paths of heresy or schism they may pursue? Hear the burning words which the glorious martyr of .Antioch, St. Ignatius, in the beginning of the 2nd century addressed to the Christians of his day : 'Be not deceived, my brethren, whosoever followeth him that createth schism, inheriteth not the Kingdom of God.' St. Irena^us who speaks in the. name alike of the churches of the East and of the West, in the third century, describes heretics as 'enemies of the Truth and sons of Satan, to be swallowed uy one day like the company of Corah, D.althan, and Abiron,' and he adds that it is only in the bosom of the true Church we can be nursed to life, to her must we have recourse that we may be made partakers of the Holy Ghost ; separation from her involves separation fro m the fellowship of the Divine Spirit- So, too, the learned Origen, the ? great luminary of the school of Alexandria, writes: 'As there are many who think that they believe what Christ taught, and some, of these differ from others, it be co'mes necessary that all should profess the doc trine which came down from the Apostles, and now contiuues in the Church. That alone is truth, which in nothing differs from the ecclesiastical and apostolical tradition,' In the same way St. Cyprian lays down the golden rule that to be united with. Christ we must preserve the unity of the Faith. THE WORDS OF OUR LORD AND THE '.:.?'? UNIVERSAL TEACHING. 'Heresies and schisms (he says) are the inventions of Satan wherewith to subvert the faith to corrupt the truth, and to rend unity,' and he goes on to say : ' Men are exposed to error, because they turn not their eyes to the fountain of truth ; nor is the head sought for, nor the doctrine of the Heavenly Father upheld. And if a man would seriously ponder on these things, no long inquiry would be necessary. The proof is easy. Christ addresses St. Peter : ' I say to thee that thou art Peter and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' He that does not hold this unity of the Church, can he imagine that he holds the faith ; he that opposes and contradicts the Church, can he boast that he is in the Church ?' I will only add the exhortation of St. Iiippolitus. He had been be trayed into the path of schism by Novation, but repenting of his fault, on being led out to maitjr dom he thus addressed his former companions in error : ' Or-, unhappy men, fly from the baneful schism of Novatian ; return to the bosom of the Ca tholic Church ; there is but one Faith ; and it is that which is held by the Chair of St. iJeter.' Such is the universal testimony of antiquity. As we hope to be partakers of the heritage of Christ, we must hold fast to the teaching of Christ, and it is only in Holy Church that His doctrines of life are unfolded to us. The Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth, ever lives hi the Catholic Church, and im parts His heavenly rays of light and life to the children of Christ. It is thus that we are enabled to be partakers during our pilgrimage of the bless ings of the Divine Redeemer, and thus, too, we may hope one day in heaven 'to be transformed unto the likeness of His glory. May this blessing be abundantly bestowed upon each of us in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. 