1HOW CHRISTMAS STORIES ARE WRITTEN. " CHRISTAs stories may be roughly divided into two classes," remarked one of the best-known literary agents in London: "the ones that are written by well-known men, like, for instance, Rudyard Kipling, and H. G. Wells, and those that are the work of comparatively nonenti ties. To secure one of the former an editor has to look a long way ahead. I am at this present moment for instance, supplying stories by the two gentlemen named for Christmas of next year; and I have, in addition, more than a score placed for the season of 1900-1901." The old-fashioned, ghost-and creaking- wainscot type of Christmas story has bad its day. In fact, the Christmas story of to-day is not so much a Christmas story as a story published at Christmas. The earliest buyers in the field are the editors of the sixpenny weeklies. This class of journal has to begin making arrangements for their fortlicoming Christmas num bers at least nine months ahead, owing to the diflidulties and delays inseparable from the production of hundreds of thousands of supple mentary coloured plates. Conse quently the " copy" of a story which is to appear in the 1899 Christmas number of, say, " Black and White" ought to be in the hands of the editor by next March, and the con tract with the writer should be concluded two or three months earlier. As a general rule, the Christmas nhmber of a first-class illustrated sixpenny weekly or monthly-which is," in nine cases out of ten, be it remembered, a double number re tailing at a shilling-will have in it two or perhaps three stories by really first-rate authors. These will cost anywhere from fifteen to twenty-five guineas a thousand words. Then there will be perhaps a couple more by writers who have made their mark, but who are not yet right in the front rank, and these will be paid for at the rate of from eight to ten guineas a thousand. Asked as to the most popular writers just now of short stories for Christmas numbers my informant had no hesitation in placing Rud yard Kipling absolutely first. In deed, such is the demand for his work that he can practically com mand his own prices, and is already pledged years ahead.-Answers. A special cable to "The Call" from Romo on April?l6th says:---- 'he col'-: bration of the twenty-first anniversary of the Pope's coronation took place to day at St. Peter's. The procession passed up between a double line of troops around the high altar to the throne, on which the Pope sat, with the sacred college in front of him. On the right and left when his Holiness appeared, carried on a sedia gestatoria, there were cries of ' Long live the Pope and King,' and cheers, mingled with the martial music, went up through the vast edifice, recheering with a mighty roar of thousands of voices. It was a grand and impressive sight, a magni ficent note of colour being contributed by the nobles' guard in gala uniform, and canons, bishops, archbishops, and cardinals in their robes. While mass was being said the bells all over Rome were rung. The Pope looked restored to his ordinary health, showing great vigour in expression and movement as he gave his blessing to the multitude." The Rome correspondent of the "Daily News" thus describes the Pope's appear ance:-"The golden chair came into view as if floating toward the altar with the Pope sitting like a pale shadow, like a ghost, many whispered, when his face overshadowed by the glittering triple crown, became discernible. His dark eyes peered from their deep sockets, his hands trembled visibly, and a sad smile played on his colourless lips. Holbein .might have painted him as the personi fication of the vanity of human splend our. With his left hand he waved sad greetings, while with his right he did his feeble best to mark the act of bless ing." Accidents, throughl horses bolting with vehicles, being of such frequent occurrence, induces me to relate the following: In the year 1844, Mr. J. B. Ward (" Big Ward") of Paddy's River, between Goulburn and Berrima, wished to try a horse (a recent purchase) in a gig, and asked me to assist him. We got him in all right and up we jumped. We hod proceeded about 100 yards, when bang, bang, went old "Gayland's" heels, and away he went for all he was worth. "Hold on," said WIard, "I'll soon stop hims" Gathering up his reins, he threw himself well back in thie seat, and hauttled on with all his strength, then sutddenly tlsrew out both hands; again gathering up. he repeated his former action. The horse, a well-bred one, and game to the backblone, stood still and shfvering like a leaf. I got out to adjust the breeching, which was broken. "Jump up, he'll never try it again," said Ward. And he never did, though he was driven many times after, both in the shafts and also leader in a tandem. iMr. Ward, I may say, was a famed " whip." 