LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY TUESDAY, NOV. 28 The Speaker took the chair at half past 4 o'clock. QUESTIONS. Sir GEORGE TURNER, in reply to "Mr. Coolc, saiil that the bill relating to I lie lioiu-s ami wanes of the tramway employes was first on the list for the evening of the 6th prox.. and coultl be discussed then, lie did not propose to interfere with the bill. Mr. 11. 1!. WIIiMAAlS, in answer to Mr. lltirray.said that Hie Railway Commissioner could not recognise the claim of the Warr nambool Hospital for £4i expenses for the maintenance and treatment of Thomas lliuton, who was injured last year at the Deniiington crossing. GRAIN FREIGHTS. Jlr. GRAHAM said that the Railway de partment had taken the most extraordinary step in making u distinction between old and new wheat in regard to the reduced freight. lie believed in no oilier part of the world was this done. The wheat which was now being harvested was to be carried at Die reduced freight, lint the wheat of last season would not be taken over the lines at the reduced rates till the end of the month. Was the department to employ an ll-iliv of nvimrl« in,. :. ?w.?ll. l? I..1I ?-lw.l !,.?. army oi experts lora month to lell whether the wheat was old or new? The old wheat belonged to the farmers, and thev had now to (.ike Id. per bushel less for the'old wheat than the new, because of the dill'etence in the freight. All wheat, whether old or new, should now be carried at the reduced rate. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. J{. WILLIAMS replied that it was intended originally that the reduced freight should conic into operation on the 1st January, but owing to representations made to the department by the wheat growers that they were now harvesting their crops, and that it was always intended that the reduction should apply to this sea son's grain, the department agreed to curry all the new wheat, whether now or next month, at the reduced rate. All Hie station masters knew the difference between old and new wheat. Sir JOHN M'INTYKE.?Why make two bites at a cherry? (Hear, hear.) Mr. IT. 1!. WILLIAMS.?The old wheat was in Ihe hands of speculators, and the re duced freight was intended to benefit the producers. THE JACKSON INQUIRY. Mr. GILLIES said that he had been asked by .several members to inquire when the Government proposed to circulate the report of the select committee of the House which inquired into what was known as the Jackson case, in connection with the Lands department, as they wished to read the report and evidence. A number' of weeks had now elapsed since the inquiry was closed, and members thought the report and evidence should be ready for distribu tion. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MURIJAY.?Why don'l you ask the reason why it has not been circulated be fore this. Mr. MALONEY.-Hcar, hear. Mr. GILLIES.?There might he many reasons, but the Government, considering the time that had elapsed, could not regard the question as an unreasonable one. Sir GEORGE TURNER replied that the leader of the Opposition was under some misapprehension with regard to the time that had elapsed since Ihe committee pre sented its report. The document was laid on the table of the Hou«; less than a fort night ago, and it was sent to I lie Govern ment 1'rinter in the usual way, to be printed and distributed amongst mcmbei-s. He would send a note to the Government Printer requesting him to expedite the issue of the report. Mr. GILLIES ? It is very unsatisfactory. It ought lo have been in the hands of lion, members before this. (Hear, hear.) Sir GEORGE TURNER.-I will urge thut it be circulated as quickly as; possible. l'iiTI'JTON. Mr. RROWN presented a petition from the Kheppnrton Council in favour of the senators of the Federal Parliament being elected under the system of proportional representation. MINE VENTILATION Mr. PEACOCK moved, that as the Mines Ventilation Board had not yet finally dealt with the applications received for the bonus of £1000 offered by the Government for the best method of ventilating miners, it be authorised to expend a further sum of £250. He said that of the previous £230 voted by the House it had all been expended but £34 and it was necessary to further test a few systems which were thought to be worthy of a trial. The difficulty was that a method which might do in one district might not answer in another, so that tests would have to be made at different fields. Mr. KIRTON thought the House should be informed when the board was likely to complete its labours. As the lives of miners were being cut short by defective ventilation it was time the board came to some conclusion as to the merits of the various methods. Mr. FOSTER reminded Mr. Kirton that the question was a very large and important one, and that the board had issued a progress report. It would take some months to complete the investigations and tests, but he believed the board was on right lines to solve this difficult problem. Mr. HAMILTON thought if this £250 was to be spent like the last vote the solution of the difficulty was a long way off. Mr. BURTON urged that Mr. A.W. Howitt and Mr. J. Stirling, the two scientific members of the board, should be relieved from their present duties for some weeks, so that their whole attention might be devoted to this important matter. Each year from 12 to 13 per cent of the miners lost their lives through defective ventilation. Sir JOHN M'INTYRE said this was a matter affecting employers as well as miners, and there should be no delay in dealing with it. The motion was agreed to. NI-.KRl.U RAILWAY. Mr. 11. I!. WILLIAMS moved (hat it was not expedient to construct the proposed railway from Xocrim South to Ni-erim. The Railways Standing Committee had reported that the extension would not pay. The motion was agreed to. PROPOSE» PITI-'IEL» RAILWAY. Mr. II. 1!. WILLIAMS moved that the quest inn of constructing a raihvav from Newton., on (he llallunit and Linlons line, to Pitliild, a distance of 11 miles, be re ferred to the Railways Standing Comniitlee for consideration and report. There was every prospect of the mines at Pilliehl being of a permanent character, and llie oullook of that field was very encouraging. The roads around Pitlield were almost im passable, and there was much difliculty und expense in getting timber rei|uircd for the mines on I o the ground. Tins line, which would rail £33,300. would form tiart of the I connecting line between Rullnr.il and Heeae. lie could not propuso to extend the line on to lice-.ie, a further distance of 20 miles, as the country was sparsely popu lated. The interest and working expenses would amount to £2,870 a year, iiuiL the re« .ci-ipts were crliiuutcil at £1,800, including «t'-HKI for the new Iraflic over existing lines. That showed a deficit of £1,010. but lie con sidered that the possibilities for develop ment were so lai-ge in the district that thut deficit would soon disappear. \i,- Iviií'i'iív iwroliod that the line was not to be carried through to Heeac. Mr. LUV I UN said the reference of linen lo the committee by the present Govern ment appcat'cd lo he a farce. It was only recently that Die Minister hud Ihe Neciini proposal referred to the committee, und now he had a motion carried that it was not expedient to construct the line. This was simply humbugging the House and Ihe committee. Mr. Gl'lill said that the Minister had stated Unit there would be a loss of .C 1,000 lier iinmini on Hi'ih line. This was equiva lent to asking the House not to pass the motion, lor the Minister refused lo re-open I lie YVeiisleydale line, on which there was not more than a loss of .CIIKI per aiiiiiim. Members should hesitate before sending a proposal like this to tin; coiumillee. Mr. MllUHAY considered that there was a great deal of truth in what Air. Lcvien bad said. Mr. Vale, Mr. M'Giegor, and Mr. Murphy supported the molino. The motion was agreed to. IMMIGRATION liESTRIOTlON HILL. The third rending of the Immigration Re striction Hill was ngreed to. Mr. MADDEN moved an amendment in clause H (liability of master anil owners of ship for illegal landing of immigraiils) providing Unit in any case where a pro hibited iiiitiiiyntnt had been landed, the penalty imposed on the ninster of the ves Bel should be remitted on arrangements having been made by the master for the conveyance out of the colony of the pro hibited immigrant. Mr. BEST pointed out that I here was no necessity for the amendment to secure what Mr. Madden desired, as llie clause provided that no penally should he in flicted if the master or owner of the ship satisfied the Court that he was not aware that any prohibited immigrant had been landed from his ship, and that be had t.-iken all reasonable precautions to pre vent the occurrence. Mr. H1GGINS said that Mr. Madden appeared to want to have the penalty re mitted even where a masler had done wrong knowingly. Mr. IRVINE said that "reasonable pre cautions" in this clause meant absolutely nothing, and should be dc-lined. The amendment was negatived. Mr. MURRAY SMITH moved a new clause providing for the issue of permits to employers to each import five persons (who would otherwise be prohibited immigrants), the employer lo prove that it was neces sary for him to have these persons in con nection with the exercise of his religion or business, and to enter into a bond for llieir return, to tho country from which they came within five years. The clause was read n second time. My. BEST thought the House would be justified in granting tin's concession ex cept in regard to business. He moved that llie words -'or business" be struck out. The amendment was agreed to. Mr. REST moved the addition of a sub section placing the onus of proof for a breach of any of the conditions of the bond on the person sued. The 1 louse divided on the amendment with (he following result:? Aves. 4G Noes. 27 Majority for the amendment .. 1!) The bill was( sent to the Legislative Council. SUPPLY BILL. Sir (¡EORGE TURNER moved the second reading of a bill to grant £391,788 out of the consolidated revenue for the ser vice of the Crown for the past month. He explained that as the Estimates had not been dealt with the bill was necessary lo pay the accounts due at the end of the month. The motion was agreed lo. and the bill was passed through all its remaining stages. THE ESTIMATES. The Iloase went into Committee of Sup ply lor the consideration of the Estimates, commencing on the Chief Secretary's de partment, .fEI',018. On the item "Legislative Assembly, £10,159," Mr. WJLKIXS moved an amendment to decrease the amount by £1. This was a fitting opportunity, he said, for the Trea surer to explain the intentions of the Go vernment in regard to increasing salaries of the lower-grade and badlv- paid civil ser vants. Sir GEORGE TURNER said thai, gene rally speaking, the Government had, where the lie-classification Hoard had lixed higher minimum or maximum rates, given the olliccrs receiving less than £2011 a year the benefit of the recommendation, without interfering with the existing salaries where the hoard had decreased them. Junior mes sengers receiving £00 per year would in future get .CO extra, tfiose receiving .C(i(i being raised to £72. Junior warders with live years' sen-ico would get an increase of £G a year, and as the outcome of the ex pression of opinion by the House last ses sion the pay of those joining the police force would be raised from ti/ to 0/0 a day. Telegraph messengers now- receiving £00 a year vould be promoted to the rank of postal assistants, commencing at £78 per annum, while for certain of the operators a new grade, to be known as "assistant operators," carrying an advance from £IH1 to £100, was pro posed, with the right, on passing an exami nation, of being transferred lo oilier offices, hi the Education department a large num ber of olliccrs were alfeeled, the proposals of the Government lieing to appoint 17ô ad ditional assistants from the ranks of the pupil teachers, while the slate school teachers would get the minimum salary of their respective classes. Those who were not included in the 173 additional assistants would receive an increase of salary of £10 a year for males and £S for females. Then those teachers of the fifth class who, in consequence of (he Regradipg Act, had lost their increments, would have them restored, this carrying, of course, the right of promo tion year by year if necessary. Various other classes of ollicers throughout the ser vice would lie benefited. No provision, however, liad ticen made for the payment of arrears of increases or increments. The present propo-ils, which would have effect from .liuiuray 1 next, involved an additional expenditure of from £2.*i,000 to £30,000 a year, this being as far as-the Government felt justified in going, especially as the revenue had not, so far, come up to his ex pectations. Indeed, had il not been for the extraordinary increase in llie railway revenue, the revenue ¡is compared with llie receipts for last year would have been £100.000 to the bad. Mr. IIIGGINS.-What about probate duty? You have not had much this year. Sir GEORGE ÏTRXER.-No; and as far as he knew he was not likely to. (Laugh ter.) There was a big deficiency on that item as against the two preceding years. Mr. MURRAY said that as the Speaker's salary was inel-ided in the vote under notice he would draw attention to the fact, only for tho purpose of illustration, that Hie pro posed increase from £1.000 to £1,250 a year represented an advance of 25 per cent. The increases for the lower grades of the service did not nearly amount to that, and it would he common fairness to them if they were al any rate given a percentage of increases equal to those of the higher and well-paid ollicers of the state. Mr. GILLIES, pointed out that the Speaker, in addition lo presiding over the deliberations of the House, had social duties to perform as the representative of the Chamber,' and surely no hon. member would expect the Speaker to either shirk those duties or pay for them out of his private income. As lo the higher iillieei-s of the public service, they hail important and responsible duties to perform. They were the right-hand men of the Ministers, anil it would be a miserable mistake, and would doubtless result in the departments being badly administered, if they were lo be poorly paid, us only inferior men would he obtainable for IhoVe positions. Many men occupying responsible positions in private employment received double (he salary paid to heads of departments and other higher ollieials. Mr. PEACOCK, staled that the Govern ment had shown it was sympathetic towards (he claims of the lower-paid public servants, as it bad increased their salaries at the verv first opportunity which pre sented itself. It was true that the in dividual increases did mil amount to much, but they were as much as the Go vernment could allori) inidef the circum stances, totalling .L'iii.OOO a year. The salaries of the higher-paid olliccrs showed an increase this year, because of the cessa tion of the percentage reductions, in ac cordance with the act passed two or three years ago bv I'artiauieiit. lion, members' salaries had been raised from L'L'IO to ._*'l)l). The only persons whose salaries hail been retrenched and not since increased were the Ministers. Formerly, when a permanent, head of a depart nient was ap pointed lie received £1.01111 a year, but I his Government had kepi the salary down to £750 for new appointments. Mr. W1LK1NS said he would press his amendment to a division, because he had promised his constituents not to vote fin ally increase in Ihe snlnrica of the higher officials till the men in the lower grades were properly paid. Mr. A. L. TUCKER reminded the Go vernment that it was the depositors in the Savings Hank who were, as a rule, the poorer, thrifty class, who were paying for the iuerenses in the salaries of the higher olliccrs. The rate o! interest paid on their deposits was the lowest, given by any savings bank in Ihe world, and it had been so reduced that Ihe Government had III.-boil or cribbed a saving of £70,000 a year at their expense. If the Government ould look into the Postal department it ?ould find that it was the worst sweater in the country. Mr. IRVINE remarked that the Savings Rank could not keep up .its rate of interest when the other banks in the colony were reducing theirs. Sir GEORGE TURNER.-The Savings Rank is not earning enough lo pay more. Mr. K1RTON recognised that Mr. Mason bad shown conspicuous ability as Speaker, and that he should receive a salary com« nielisurale with his merits. lie was not »waved by that election cry, "Cut down the'tall poppies," but he felt thai he could not support tin- increase in the Speaker's salary mil il justice was dime to sluutti-rs, purlers, signalmen, and others in the ser vice. The Government bad introduced a pension scheine for the aged, but were unable to go on with it, because they could not find the money. The money should be taken out, of the general revenue. Sir GEORGE TURNEH.-You have to put it in first. Mr. K1RTON.?In the expiring hours of the session the ,Government proposed to expend £'25,000 in giving certain increases to some of the public servants. Where was that money to conic from? Members could not cousent to any increase in the salaries of the highly-paid officers while the Treasurer was prepared to allow old peoplo to go to the benevolent asylums. Ho inUHt tell tho Treasurer to Iiíh faco thuf. I he was not sum-rc, and that he never in tended that his old-age pension scheme should lie carried. The Treasurer might laugh, but he simply wanted to throw dust in the eves of the taxpayers. Sir GEORGE TURNER.?I am as sin cere as you or anyone, Mr. IvlRTON.?Where was (he Govern ment pension scheme now? .It was as dead as Ciesar's ghost. (Loud laughter.) lie should have said it was as dead as Julius Ciesnr. (Renewed laugh 1er.) It was killed by its creators, for it was a scheme that courted failure. If the House believed that the old pioneers should be provided for it would not vote for this increase. .Air. SALMON wished to know if these mercases had not been paid from the be ginning of the financial year. Sir GEORGK TURNER.?No. Mr. M'KENZIK did not think it was right lo restore the original salaries of the highly-paid olliccrs of the state unless the lower-paid olliccrs wen similarly treated, lie was reluctant to have to vote against the increase in the salary of the Speaker, who had discharged his dlllies in a most satisfactory manner. Mr. HAMILTON felt very great regret in having to vote against the increase in the Speaker's salary, but he could not vote for it while there" were many public ser vant;' who were actually being sweated. Mi. MOULK said he would be very loth indeed to reflect in any way upon the effi ciency and dignity witii which the office o[ Speaker was discharged hy the present hohler, but until he was assured that the increase could bo ail'orilcd by the country's finance he could not vote for the Govern ment proposal. It was men.il as no reflec tion upon the Speaker, but Ihe whole ques tion was. Could the Treasurer ulford this increase in face of the fact- that there were a number of persons in the sen-ice abso lutely underpaid? air. TOUTCHER said he very much re gretted that the increase of the Speaker's salary had been surrounded,by the present discussion. In common witii other mem bers, hé desired to say how highly he nppre I cialcd the services of the Speaker, bill as there was a serious principle involved in the proposed increase he could not vote fin it. While men in the service were not paid sullicient to keep their homes supplied with food, no lion, member could justify an increase such as was proposed. Mr.GRAVES said he would have to vote for the amendment, although he would do so with regret. Ho wished lite House to understand that his vote was in no way in fluenced by personal motives towards either I the .Speaker or the Chairman of Commit tees. Mr. DOWNES CARTER said he believed in paying the high oiliccrs of the House and the service good salaries. The position of Speaker was worth at least £l,iiO0, and he would vote for the increase proposed by | the Government as an instalment. It was in great pity that the salaries of the Speaker and Ministers of the Crown had ever been | reduced. To cut down the salaries of Ministers was one of llie most childish things the Patterson Government had ever done, and he had always objected to it. ¡What would Ihc £250?llie amount ni the proposed increase?do for those men in tho service to whom lion, members had referred as being underpaid? Perhaps it would pall out threepence euch. (Laughter.) Mr. BAILES said that until such times as the lower-grade men, receiving a trifle over £1 a week, were placed in a position to live decently and honestly he would vote against increases being made to the salaries of those who had been called tho tall pop pies of I ho service. air. MKTI1VEN said the Chief Secretary would do well to bring the whole of the civil service under the Factories and Shops Act, because he looked upon the Govern ment as the greatest sweaters in the count rv. Mr. SANGSTEU said he would vote for the amendment, because he thought the Government in common justice should pay a living wage to its employes. rj Mr. WHEELER thought the Govern ment might have proposed larger increases to the salaries of lower-grade officers, and at the same time increase those of the higher officers, and reinstate their own to their former level. Sir GEORG U TURNER.?We cannot go the full length, because 1 don't think the revenue would stand it. Mr. WHEELER? Probably the Govern ment began at'the wrong end of the ser vice. At present he regarded the Post master-General as a sweater, for he paid his olliccrs salaries that he (Mr. Wheeler) would be ashamed to offer any man. Mr. MALONEY said that when Mr. Wheeler was at Ihe head of Ihe Railway department he was a sweater himself. (Laughter.) Mr. WllKKLKR.?No salaries under £,*! per week were interfered with. Mr. MALONEY?Rut many had worked for .'¡0/ and Ün/ per week, lie would vote against the proposed increase. , Mr. GRAY could not support tlioso in creases in the salaries of the higher ollieials while there were men working for boys' wages in the Government printing oiliee and other departments. Mr. J. HARRIS joined with (hose who objected to adding lo the salaries of the Sneaker and other ollieials while Ihe em ploye;; in Hie Postal and Railway depart ments were underpaid. Mr. J. li. TUCKUK would vote lor the amendment. Mr. LIÎVIEN objected to these increases in salaries when the Government shut up the Wensleydale railway the other day be cause it incurred an annual loss of ,C*M0. Poor people had been driven oil' the land by that action of the Government. Mr. DOWNWARD said he would ap prove of the increase of the Speaker's salary if it were not for the approach of federa tion, which would reduce the status of this Vaiiiainenl. Mr. O'NKILL c usiilered this new gene rosity of the Government rather strange, especially as there were very many persons in the public service who were not receiv ing a living wage. lie would vote against the increase. ,» Mr. UltflWN regarded £1.000 a year as a Very good salary, and would be compelled to vote against the Government. The committee divided on the question "that the item be reduced by £1," with the following result: ? AYi:s.?19. Mr Halles Mr. tiros;" Mr. Moule '- llmvivr - 'birr _ - Murray Mr. Anderson Mr. (¡illirs Mr. Murphy ? Mtsiin ? Irvine ? Peaeoi-I." Majority in favour of (he amendment, dr. SALMON moved that the item be further reduced by £1, in order to test the feeling of the committee as to whether the provision of the Public Service Act requir ing the retirement of olliccrs on reaching (he are of (ill should not he enforced in the case of the clerk or the Assembly, lie had no personal feeling in the mutter, but thought it only fair to other officers of the House that their promotion should not be hindered. Mr. VAL1-. hoped there would be no instruction to increase the pension list, there being already too many pensioners competing with people who had no pen sions. Sir GEORGE TURNER paid the rule requiring ollieers to relire on reaching the age of 00 had been enforced to a very largo c'lenl Each vcar the Government went carel'ullv through the list, and decided whether it was wise in the interests ol the service Hint nnv of the sexagenarians should lie called on to'relire. Where it was found that no injurv would be done to the service and that there would be a saving the rule had been enforced. There were now not more than thirty or forty ollieers in the service over the age ol sixty. If no discretion were left to the Govern ment of the day in this militer a grave mistake would be made by the com mittee. Mr. SALMON-?Is there tiny special reason why this ollicer should be re tained? Sir GEORGE TURNER.?Tn Ibis par ticular ease the ollicer was under the direct control of Parliamenl, and the knowledge and spcitial abililies he pos sessed for the position weiv sufficient rea sons foi his releiition. Mr. MALONKY urged that when an ollicer was retained in the public service after llie age of (ill his salary hliould he taken in lieu of bis pension. .Mr. I1ROMLEY said it was a wooden headed system which said that a mini should retire at the age of 00 years. A man should be retired when he became incapable of performing bin work, and tfien only. Mr. MURRAY said (he system was a wooden-headed one, hut while it was a portion of-Hie Public Service Act it should lie carried out. The present case, how ever, was quite different from any of thu others, inasmuch as tho ollicer was undor the direct control of. tho House. Did Tho Government intend to take the last vote as an indication that the committee did not approve of the proposed increases ill. the salaries of the most highly- paid olliccrs of the state? Sir GliOllClE TURNER.?U can only apply to live officers, the Speaker, the President, Ihe Ci.ah-iiini. of Committees in each Chamber, and ihe Commissioner of Titles. Mr. BAILES said he was against any in creases to the higher-paid olliccrs. Mr. TOUTOlil'R said he was opposed to the increase of salary, but was against Ihe amendment if it merely meant that the clerk was to retire at the age of fill years. Mr. PEACOCK said this was not tin in crease at all. It was merely a restoration of the percentage .-eduction, lite net re ducing the salaries having expired on June ¡10 last. Mr. HAMILTON hoped the amendment would be withdrawn. The Estimates were not the proper place to decide how civil servants should be treated in this respect. Jlr. KENNEDY also hoped Mr. Salmon would withdrawn his amendment. Mr. SALMON withdrew the amend ment. Mr. MALONEY moved to reduce Ihe salary of the clerk of the legislative As sembly by £1. The amendment was in tended as an instruction to the Govern ment Hint no salary of over £-10(1 a year should be increased until the lower-paid civil servants were receiving a living wage. Mr. MURRAY SMITH .said Hint as the act which provided for the percentage re ductions had expired, the salaries and in crements would have to be restored. Mr. HAMILTON said that Parliament was pledged to restore the percentage re duction, and the amendment therefore placed members in an invidious position. Mr. llromley and Mr. Toutcher urged the withdrawal of the amendment. Mr. SALMON said he desired to say that in moving bis amendment he acted without representations lieitig made to him from any quarter, and least of all from any of trie olliccrs of the House. air. KHNNEDY thought an opportunity should be given to Mr. Maloney later on to lest the feeling of the House as lo whether Hie higher salaries should be paid. If such au opportunity were promised Hie amend ment might be withdrawn. air. IRVINE feared the committee was on the verge of doing an injustice in the high ofliccrs who had a statutory right lo receive the salaries they obtained prior to the percentage reductions. Mr.'T. SMITH -considered no good could result from carrying the amendment, as it would require an act of Parliament lo give clfcct to it. air. MALONEY withdrew his amend ment. (Hear, hear.) The item was agreed to. On the item, "Observatory, £3,021," air. MURRAY thought the salary of the acting Government astronomer should be increased. He was only receiving £-100, and his attainments were much higher than many others getting much larger sala ries. air. Gurr and air. JIaloney sup ported the suggestion for an increased sal ary to Mr. ltaracehi. air. PEACOCK said he would bring the suggestion under the attention of the Cabinet. , The item was agreed to. On the item, "Government statist, £4,fi00," air. T. SMITH urged that the electoral registrars should receive increased remu neration. air. Murray, air. Maloney, and air. Sal mon urged tin; Chief Secretary to have the publication of the "Victorian a'ear-book" I renewed. air. PEACOCK, in reply to questions, said that the electoral registrars were iiaiil on the basis of population, some of them being very well paid indeed. He under stood that they intended lo lav their griev ances before him, nnd he would be pleased to receive them. The fee to the registrars of births, deaths, and marriages used to be 2/0, bul was reduced to 2/. The Trea surer had decided to increase it to 2/0 from the 1st .limitary next. The "Year-book" would be brought out early next year. The item was agreed lo. On tin- item, "Police £203,200," air. aiURRAY said that it was unfair to tho service to retain Mr. Choinley as chief commissioner, as he was considerably I over (JO. It could not he said that he was j indispensable, lie would like to know if] .Mr. Choinley were allowed extras for a horse, and also what he wa-j allowed for quartet'.-. .Mr. »AILES complained of Hu- absurdly low amount allowed to the police for travelling expenses. air.'. fHÎO.MLEY objected to the appoint ment of avowed abstainers as licensing in spectors. .Mr. PEACOCK said he would have the question of allowances looked into. The police had a difiicult task in administering the Licensing Act, and the complaints made would be inquired into. Mr. Choin ley, chief commissioner of police, received £100 additional to his salary in lieu of quarters, and an allowance for a horse. If he (Mr. Peacock) remained as Chief Sec retary, that official would be retained in his present position for another year. The item was agreed to, and progress re ported. AlXIOl'RN.MEN'T. Al 20 minutes past 1 a.in. the House ad journed till half-past I p.m. the saint day. 