CHAPTER II.—A BIT OF GOSSIP AT HIE INH. When Fulke arrived at the Kaiaerhof, in Presmark, he "was excessively wet and ex ceedingly had - tempered. The hour was also very late. The FcJdalxid landlord bad preyed hip point, thoucjh. he migfat never have .the satisfaction of learning the fact, for, instead of reaching his destination by 10 o'clock, as he had calculated, it had taken Lord Fulbe untbil after 11 to cover the six miles of which he had spoken, m lighlly on starting. He had lcet his way, not once, but twice, and had on each occa sion made a long detour—tedious because he was soaking wot, and unable to restore the circulation of his chilled blcpd by rapid walking, as he might have done had he known the road. The night was cold, if the water was not, and hy the time Fulke had reached the hotel i'we was glad of the tire which smoul dered in a white porcelain stove in the big Speisecaal. He was hungry as well as wot, and, finding that food was still ob tainable, he ordered whatever could be got, and sat down to dry himself in frep.t of the stove while waiting. His exercise, though not as violent as lie could have wished, had already partially dried his clothing, which was fortunate, as some thing had gone wrrong, and notwithstand ing numerous tips and many directions, the luggage had not been delivered. The rail way station had been closed for more than an hour, and he must make shift as be;t he_ could until morning. Seldom had the For] of Fulke been mope out of conceit with himself. He was s-oasciious that there was humour underlying the situation, but he sulkily shut his eyes upon it, refusing to see it lest be should laugh, and p enforce become good matured once more. He did not want to be good naturedj for be had been a fool, and knew it. 'flapping about there in the water like a. great porpoise," fee sand to himself, crwsly, "and after mo tiling—nothing at all. If there'd been a woman I must have found her before I scrambled out again. What an ass: What a oonsumniate ass!" As he grumbled on, 'he gloomily wftehed the movcmenif.s of two young Thungan'an officers who were playing biHiairds in a noorh divided from the Kpei«s;aal only by an archway, frnm which a pair of heavy red curtains were partially drawn back. This was rather a primitive arrangement; but then most of the arrangements in Pres mark were primilive, even at the Kaiser botf, an ancient inn of the thirteenth cen tury, remodelled and modernized. The officers, who were smart - Jooldng yjaaxtg men, with bright dark ey<s. au3 Serae waxed moustaches, were talking in Thungariaai, and though Ix>rd Fulke baa HQ iirtemioo «f listening, tin soon, found him self both hearing and understanding what was said. ■/ ' They had merely been conversing about the game, when he dame in, discussing the [ krijgth jot time that was left before the ! closing , hour of the hotel; but, roused by, the sound of the newcomers entrance, they had glanced into the Speisesaal, ana j thereafter had begun commenting on the ' stranger. . "He's English," remarked one, "or Fll eat my head." 13! "Glaives' brains are indigestible, Fritzs laughed the other. "No use wagering up oh the obvious. He is English, ana somebody, in particular in his own country. Fine looliing fellow, isn't he?" "For your sake, friend Karl, I pray that' Helene Bathory may not set eyes on him | while he honours Presmark with his pre sence, or she will have none of you. He lias tne figure of an athlete, and the profile j of a Greek statue." ! "You're as bad as a woman. How dp [ you know but he can understand all you say —or perhaps you would like him to hear ! your complimentary remarks?" "It matters nothing to me. If he be longed to any other nation than the stiff ana-starched English, I would go ask him how he got himself so wet." "I will do it anyway. In Thungarian, too,, and then you shall know if he has learnt your opinion of him." 'Phis was more than Fulke's bad temper could withstand. He laughed aloud, and shouted across the room, in excellent Ger man:—"Thank you very much for it. I do understand, and am repaid for my trouble in studying Thungarian, which, unfortu nately, I comprehend better than I speak. If you will both help me punish a bottle Tok'ay, I'll tell you the story of my wet ting." 'The two young men sauntered in, show ing their white teeth under their perky dark moustaches. This Englishman was not so stiffly starched, after all. Their game was finished; Presmark was a dull garri son, where one day usually contented itself with telling another; they welcomed a.di version with an excuse for lingering; and Tokay was good, though beyond the pay, of one not yet a major. They sat down to drink, for further than, that they would not share their host's sup per. They did not hold him to his promise at first, but talked of indifferent things—" the length of a journey from England to' Thungaria, and the sights to be seen by tourists (of whom there were not many) at Presmark. Already I know something of the walks," ejaculated Fulke grimly. "I lost myself twice between here and Feldabad." "Jt is a wonder it was not twice again, in the dark. You arc lucky to be sitting by this fire now. And—ahem! yon seem in need of it. Since you have kindly volunteer* cd the information, did you fall into the infant Ventura?" "The river? No: but I jumped into the lake." "Ah!" They raised their black eyebrows. "Jt is early jn the year, and Jate in the evening, for a'bath—even with one's clothes on." "There is a T>orelci in (the kike; but she had left her rock to-night," said Fulke, with, a grave face. The two young men looked ait each other. "Wliait do you mean?" "What J say. fthe. lured me to jump in, and I did it. Afterwards, I was sorry." There was something strange about the officers' expression. "Will you not ex plain?" asked the one called Fritz, "or are yon joking?" "T wish T could explain, but T am as much in the dark as you—and soaking wet as well. J thought, a, face looked up at me oat of the water-—I wasn't aware that the J.-orelei had migrated from the Rhine to Tlumgaria, and for,liyh1y concluded that i a woman was drowning " I "A woman?" The two were all excite ment n«v. "A beautiful woman; at least, Fee face lefit a dim impression of great beauty. I couldn't desxirilie it at all." "Jt was she," whispered Karl Thonet to his friend, with an air almost ef awe. "Jt is I who want an explanation now," said Fulke. "You speak and you look as if the lake were haunted, and I had met the ghost." I.ion tenant Fritz fttolbach shrugged his shoulders. "We may all have met our ghosts, but few men can truthfully ea.y they ha.ve looked upon the face which you have seen to-night." "By Jove!" exclaimed Ford Jfulke, "if the face was on the body of a real woman, and she is not drowned " "Oh, she is not drowned, no fear of that," Fritz interposed, with mysterious empha sis. "Then T rdia.ll see her again." The two men shotfk their heads. "That vou will never do; we will lake our oath of it." "I swear T will," insisted Fulke, with a fierce, boyish desire to boast, and justify his boast, for which he despised himself, but which he could not resist. "I'll see her, and speak with her, too." "To do that," said Karl, "you would have to beat down sudh barriers as no man living ever fought against for a woman's sake, and won." 