THE HAUNTED YACHT A CLYDE GHOST STORY. A ghost story is to hand from the Clyde, in the shape of a narrative pub- lished by the Glasgow "Weekly Mail," which has a steam yacht for its locale. A month or two ago, we read, the yacht in question was anchored in Rothesay Bay, when one of the hands was drowned at that cold eerie hour known as "turn o' the tide." The skipper and another man joined the yacht next day. The hand who had wrought along with the man had taken another situation. Just a night or so after they joined the vessel they were startled in their bunks by hearing seven distinct knocks in the forecastle. They looked out, examined the yacht, and finding nothing to ac- count for the weird sounds, were mys- tified. The knocking continued ; then after awhile it stopped, but from the sensational incident, for they were the only two persons on board, they sat up and wondered what the sounds could have been. A night or two afterwards two gentlemen were on board at the hour when the rapping and rattling amongst the pots commenced, and one of them shouted over to where the skip- per and engineer were resting, "Were you knocking, captain?" The yacht was ordered by its owner to sail to the Kyles, where it is used every day by a gentleman and his party. The two men are left on board at night. The other night at 12.15 the knocking be- gan, and, to their horror, the lid of a pot was flung at them, and struck the ladder between their beds. "In the name of God, what are you?" shrieked the captain. "Speak, I say, speak! If you want anything, make a sign?" That instant the noises ceased. The lid of the pot, it is said, could not have fallen off, for it was on the pot when seen last. Next morning the sounds commenced at the self-same hour, and lasted the usual time, till after 1 o'clock. The noises resembled a poker being hit on a grate, and then the sound of bare feet hurrying along the deck overhead. There were no traces of rats on board. The two men, thinking that the "spook" might be concerned about some belong- ings, searched the yacht through and through, but came upon neither money nor anything else. The captain is said to be a seaman of proved courage, a life abstainer, a regular churchgoer when at home, and not superstitious. We have heard of an attache of one of the British Embassies walking from Paris to St. Petersburg because his travelling expenses had not been al- lowed him in advance. A Portuguese ambassador who has been annointed to the Court of Austria is making the journey by mule, not because of the ex- pense, but on account of his dignity. He has driven his team of mules across Spain, France, and Northern Italy, and has now entered Switzerland, where his sumptuous team has created a sensa- tion. 