\- 'I THE IUCK OP TINTIN BURBA, (By Ernest Favenc.) 5T dear fel &v; low,' said the pros- WBk perous in mmm dividual to mm\ the seedy WSM. one. 'to &mm; tell you the k T -^^Tfek truth, I Ak VV^I H? am infin P^ *& m itely worse B-aBfcJ| H off than you P*™^ M are.' ^ M 'Then you '1&^ 1L must be bad r J J® Indeed, for I \j^&r; haven't the **B*^ price of a feed or a bed on me, and yet if I only had a few pounds I could make (thousands.' 'I've no doubt you could. I never knew a man in your po sition who couldn't. But. un fortunately, I have not got the few pounds to~ lend you. See here, Stanmore,' and he took out a sovereign purse, and flicked it open, showing Its emptiness. 'That purse itself is worth a pound or two,' said the other. 'Not paid 'for my boy. I should go to gaol on a vulgar charge of larceny if I sold it, and when I do go I intend going on a much more respectable scale.' 'Do you mean to say that there's a crash im pending?' 'I do indeed, crash is a mild way of putting it. In a day or two, exit your old friend Paul Wright.' 'I suppose you could save yourself even now if you had the money?' 'I could, but where is the money?' 'Find me the few pounds I speak of and in all probability the money is yours.' 'What's this mad idea?' ?'If you are bound to go under, a few pounds more or less will not make much difference; and the chance is Al.' 'Let's go and sit down somewhere, and have a drink, and you can tell me all about it Anything Is better than thinking, just now.' 'You remember Mat Reynolds?' 'A fellow mad on re-prospeoting old fields. Yes, but if he is your authority on making a rise, it does not go for much.'' 'Mat is not so mad as you think him. Anyhow, he ihas got something this time. He has pick ed up the lost lead of the Tintinburra. The com pany is about to be wound up, and the shares can be had for the asking. You remember what they ?went up to once. Well, they will go up beyond that this time. I did Mat a good turn once, and he has taken me into hie confidence, thinking I .could raise the needful. I relied on you, for I .thought your prosperity was the real thing. If 'you can raise a hundred, you will get it back fifty-fold.' 'Why cannot Mat raise it himself?' 'Just because he has got the reputation you Save (him just now. People think he's got a bee in his bonnet.' 'And you don't, because you have nothing to lose?' 'fI think he's right in what he says. I know the country, and see no reason why it should not be so. I can't go into detail because the secret is not mine.' 'Do you know that it will go hard with me if I Incur any more liabilities at this etage of my affairs? At present I may come out free with. all my possessions under my hat; but if I raised a hundred pounds it would be f raud-«-that is, it is very likely to come under that head.' Stanmore got up dejectedly. 'I see, if that's the way it stands, it is impossible to expect it of you. I've lost so many chances during my life one more or lees does not make much difference.' 'Stop a minute. I presume that your time is not valuable, and I must say that, although you are a perfect Jonah of ill-luck, you have always been ijidifferentlytruthful and honest. Now, I'll con eider this question a bit; meantime have a cigar, it is not paid for, but cigars are meant for consump tion, not like jewellery.' Stanmore lit the cigar, ana smoked silently while hie friend pondered. 'Look here, Stanmore,' he said at last, 'you are, and always have been, the most unlucky of men. I am superstitious, I suppose, so are most of us, particularly where chance is mixed up in it. Now, if you allow me to meet your Mat Rey nolds, whom I know but casually, and if I am satis fled of the bona fides of the thing, I will risk it, and raise the money; but you must not appear in the matter. Your infernal luck would ruin every thing.' - Stanmore glanced down at his shabby trousers and cracked boots, then took a long pull at his cigar, and sighed. 'You see,' went on Wright, 'it's all in your own interest; I risk more than you or Reynolds. You have nothing to risk, in fact; and Reynolds has -but this information. The whole thing must be put entirely in my hands, or I won't stir in the matter.' . Stanmore smoked on and said nothing. 'Of course, I can do nothing but trust to you in the matter, so I agree, only I must live while the af fair goes on.' 'I'll see after that. Now, what time am I to meet Reynolds?' 'Any time you like to-night' and they parted. ? ? ? a ? The finding of the lost lead of the Tintinburra Mine was more than a nine-days* wonder, and the phenomenal price to which the shares ran. up was long remembered. Then the lead ran out again, and shares went down to nothing once more, and some men went tip King-street, and some went into the harbor, and some retired to suburban resi dences. Mat Reynolds, the discoverer, went mad In reality. He could have done well; but his faith in the recovered lead was so absolute that he held on, and the shock was too much for him. Wright was gay on his recovered fortunes, and redeemed cHaracter, and, as for- Stanmore, that unhappy Jonah had to content himself with an extremely small portion which, growl as he might, be had to accept So lie accepted it, and swore a titter vengeance against his one-time friend; then a sudden change set in, and his luck became a proverb. But it gave him no satisfaction, for the idea of having been made a puppet of in the way he had been was bitter to him, and the social cuccess of Wright was an aching smart in his own good fortune. As his means grew, he set to work to thwart Wright in every possible way he could, and gradu ally got the whip hand of that individual in a very substantial manner. At last Wright took occa sion to speak to him on the subject, and explain ed, to his own satisfaction — and many would have agreed with him — that the risk he took in the mat ter entitled him to the lion's share of the plunder. But Stanmore, in his perverso grudge, would hear none of it 'When you are in the position I was when I came to you, perhaps I'll forgive you, and, if I ^a-n bring you to that position, I intend to do it' With that he left him. As years went on, this mad hatred still contin ued, till at last it appeared as though Stanmore would achieve his desire. The ill luck which had so dogged him seemed to be transferred to his enemy, for Wright gradually sank, as Stanmore prospered. Ona day when Wright, now reduced, was traversing the city in search ol employment, the face of a ghost from the past arrested his atten tion, stopped, turned, and walked beside hi™, it was Mat Reynolds, lately released from the luna tic asylum as cured. He spoke rationally, but his one theme was the lost lead of Tintinburra. He wanted money to go back and renew his prospect ing work. There he was confident that he could pick up the lead once more, if he only had the money. 'Go and ask Stanmore,' said Wright, and turn ed away with a grim laugh. But Reynolds followed him up. 'I have seen him, and asked him,' he said. 'He has pro mised to help me if you will go and ask him.' 'I go! That is only a lie of his to degrade me still further. He mainly brought me down to this, and now he wants me to go begging to him, as he did to me. He told me as much. No, you must get it out of him some other way. I'll not ask.' Reynolds begged and entreated, but Wright would not do it. For weeks he still walked about looking for work, and for weeks the ghost haunted him, and would not be put off, always entreating him to put his pride away, and they would both be rich once more. Till at last, worn, worried, and overcome, Wright consented. ♦ * * * 'Your luck, Wright, is so infernally bad, that perhaps it is better your name should not ap pear. I'll look after your interests,' said Stan more. He was wasted, and a light of fever burnt in his eyes. 'Look after your own interests.' retorted Wright, 'you've not much longer to do it.' 'What do you mean?' ? 'Mean, man! Death is written on your face, as ever his finger wrote it.' 'Is it; then I'll tell you what I'll do. Before we go into the thing I'll make my will, and leave you all my share in the Tintinburra Mine. Will that do you?' 'Go ahead as quick as you can; perhaps when you are dead my luck will change again. Now, let us part. I'm hungry and tired.' Stanmore took a sovereign purse out of his pocliet, emptied the gold out of it, and said, 'I'll leave you that, old man, in my will as well. Just as it is now.' A hungry dead-beat, loafing in Hyde Park saw two paragraphs in a dropped paper that made him laugh grimly. One was to the effect that Matthew Reynolds had blown his brains out, at the once notorious Tintinburra Mine, the reason being, as most people thought, on account of his failure to re-discover the lost lead. The other par. related to the death of that eminent citizen, Mr. Walter Stanmore. It did not tell that he i died laughing, after reading the account of Rey nolds's suicide. 'Might as well get that sovereign purse, at any rate,' said the dead-beat; 'wonder if my legs will carry me out there to- morrow.' He was in luck that evening, for he met an old acquain tance who lent him 5s, and warmed and com forted by a couple of meals and a night's sleep in a bed, he went out to his enemy's resi dence, and after some trouble and an appeal for the lawyer, who happened to be there, he was admitted. The lawyer took a wonderfully keen interest in him, and took him into a room by him self. 'The will is simple enough, and will be easily proved,' he commenced, when Wright inter rupted him. 'I've come for the sovereign purse he was to leave me; I don't care about anything else.' 'Certainly, he left you the sovereign purse, and all the scrips of the Tintinburra Mine owned by him.' 'What's the good o£ that; I'll get a pound or two on the sovereign purse.' 'Perhaps you don't know the rights of Rey nolds's suicide; it's only just come to hand. His head was weak, and when ' he found the lead again — found the lead again,' he repeated, 'his brain gave away, and he shot himself. That scrip will be of great value in a few days. Here, hold up, man; we don't want three dead men on our hands at once.' But the third man did not die. 