LADIES COLUMN. SOCIAL DOINGS. \- Information concerning social events, visits Co or from other countrios, botes about dresses, ' all of vrbioh will be regarded, as strictly confi dential. should bo marked " Uoolal Doings,; and addressed to the " Editor, '.' and not to-afip . perton by name, on or before Friday, at 12 o'clock noon, in oaolt week. Letters addressed to individuals will not be noticed. Notifications of matrimonial engagements must bo attested by responsible persons. It is expected that ul marriages noticed in this column will also be -'announced in the usual domestic advertise- \- incuts, cash prepaid. ' His Excellency tlie Licutenoht-Governor came to Brisbane on Thursday, tiight. Sir Samiiel returned to Hnrlaxtoh lttst iiight. Sir Edward Stewcrt- Kioliardson, Bart., has resigned his position as A;D.C. to his Escellenoy tho ' Lieutenant-Governor, and has been acoeptod for servico hs- a supor- numerary licutonant with the second Queens land contingent. . „ Mrs. A. Hortzborg, Tenoriffe, aooompanicd -by hor littlb daughter failliao; is visiting her sister, Airs. Mitchell, At Botts Boiht,. Sydney. During her absence Mr. Hortzborg is staying at'tbo Sea View. Hotel, Sandgato. Mr. and Mrs. . W, K. Hartnoll (tho latter tico Miss Tottio -Milnro), who havo been spending '-their honeymoon in /he south, returned to Brisbane by mail train- on Tues day,, and are 'tho ghosts of Mr.- nnd Mrs. Munro,.at.Shnf9ton, prior to taking. up their . residence' at Tiaro, Maryborough. Mrs. and the Missos Pringle, Warwiok, aro spending tho Christmas vacation' at Sydnoy. Miss Maxwell) Milton/ spent Christmns with Mrs. A. B. Noel and family, at Bal- clntha, Soutbport. . ' Mrsi dopp is in Sydney, having heen sUtn- moned thither to see her father, Mr. Manning (formerly Undor Colonial Secretary in Brisbane), who is sbrioiisly ill. Mrs. And Miss Roberts, Rookhattiptob, are the guests of Mrs. O. , H. Hodgson/ ' Lbfettdr ' Brighton road. Mrs. Davidson, Brahsbomhe, Mackay, and her. children aro ; ih town, staying, nt Mi-s. Bird's, tho Mansions.. .-Miss Lucy Baker entertained a fow of her .senior pupils on Thursday at Clifton, Wlck- ham tcrrnoe. A pleasant time was SpeAt with music, singing, and various games. . A private pianoforte rebltal Was given by Mr. A. A. Burford, A.T.C.L., to tho mem bers of the Enoggera -Terrace Presbyterian Church choir on tho 23rd instant, at Mr. . 1: urford'a rooms, in Elizabeth street. AlsiUt 12 solos in various style's by Bach, Beethoven, - Chopin, Schumann, Liszt, and Schuloff were listened to by.a numerous audience. A very pretty wedding took place lit Lnudahorough on Wednesday last, December 2/ tlie cqutraoring parties being Mr. Arthur Cambay Traill, third son of Mr. G. D.. Traill, of Lundsborongb, and Miss Mary Ellen Jones, eldost daughter of Mr, Price Jones, of Bnderlm Stobnlain. The .coreirtohy was soloii,hised by tho Rev. Joseph Buckle at the residence of the parents of the bride groom. Consequent Upon the illness of her father, the bride, who Was uttired in a white lustre dress trimmed with White satin and wore a wreath and veil, was given away by 'Mr, Georgo L. Bury. She was attended by , Miss Maud Traill,' sitter of the bridegroom, ns chief bridesmaid, and by her sister, MiBa Elizabeth Jones. - The bridegroom was attended, by his - brother, 1 Mr. D. Traiii, us best man, . and also by Mr. Prioo Jones, juu. Both bridesmaids were gowned in white lawn, torolion lace . trimmings, and- white watered filk ribbons. 'The bride wore a gold curb ohniu bracelet, the gift of the bridegroom , and the brides maids gold brooches, also tlie gift of tho bridegroom. - On the completion of tho cere mony aboutToO guests silt down to breakfast, which was served in the spacious din-. .iiig-haU of Railn-ay House. . Tho following , toasts were hqnoured - "The Bride und Bridegroom," proposed by the Rev. Joseph Buckle.; "The Ladies,',' proposed by Mr. Hugh Wilson, And responded to by Mr. George Bury, and " Tho Parents of the Bi-ida and.. Bridegroom," proposed by the latter gentloihan, and which was drunk with musical honours.-: .-The happy couple left by the afternoon mail, train for Brisbane, on routo to Sonthport, Where tho hbneymbon will he spent. The presents were numerous, useful, and handsome. With the evehing dunoing wus commenced, aiid Was kept' up with spirited' zeal until an early hour, in the morning. ' A wedding of interest to a . large .'.oirole of friends wus celebrated in St. Paul's Presby terian Church, ,oil Tuesday afternoon, between Miss Bella Hunter, fourth daughter of Mr, Robert Hunter, Spring Hill, And Mr. , , Qharics Galbraith, yonugest son of Mr. J. H. Galbraith, South Brisbane. The Rev. T. Nisbet was tho offi ciating clergyniau, and the brido was given away by her father; Mr. John Galbraith ' supported his brother as best man, and Mr. Willie Hunter acted as groomsman. Mrs. Stitt kindly presided nt the organ and played the; wedding 'march. The bride wore a beautiful gown of whito China silk, .tho skirt falling gracefully in a long train, und finished with frillings of bkiffnu ; tho bodice draped across empiro fashion/ the sqnarn out yoko .softened by quillings of blondojaee and chiffon, collst and belt of the same soft material.. .A beautifully ernbroidcred voil and wreath of orango blossom completed, the tout ensemble. Tho bride was atttended by throe bridesmaids. Tbd chief, Miss Tina. Hunter/ was attired in a white lace costume over whito gatin, bodico . cross tuoked, transparent yoke and sleeves, aasli of whito satin ribhon. Miss Jessie and i Miss Nellie Hunter, younger' Bisters of the bride, wore similur dresses (if filmy Indian gnuzo oVor whito sutin, Vandykes of vuloneiennqs insertion and Into on -skirt, bodices prettily tuoked, transparent yoko aiid sloeves. . Tho tlireo sisters worn whito leghorn hats, hidden in masses of billowy chiffon and waving plumes. They carried lovely- shower bouqilots, and Wore handsome gold brqoohes, the gift of tho bridegroom. . . Mrs. Hunter, mother of the bride,: wore A handsomo . gowti of black \- brooude, vest of whito silk veiled in black and white, ohiffon, bodies outlined with qaiU- ings of black chiffon ; bonnet of black not, floquin - covorod crown, blildk and white \- flowers. ' Mrs. Galbraith, mother of the . bridegroom/ handsomo bhiok silk, colluretto of beautiful point de Venice ; bonnet en Spite. Mrs. IV. Young, sister of the bride, whito _ grass lawn liisortlons und trimmings of torolion, skirt deep circular flounce, bodico tuoked, frillings of lace, interlaced with bebo ribbon volvot ; white hat, with white ooq , feathers and oliiffon, caohepeigue of roses. \- Mrs. J; Tiiit, Aiiothorsistorof the bride, -piuk: crepe do chine, worn over pink silk of n doopor ' shade, bodico riolily trimmed with guipurq. lsco nild insertion ; the same trlm- . ming introduced on BleeveB and skirt ; whito straw, hat in the fashionable Lady Peggy shape. Mrs, R. Douglas Hunter (Hendon), oiol blue silk foulard, with trailing pattern in rose and blue, underskirt - of blue silk, bodice made, with numbers of tucks, tucked yoke outlined with frillings of \- laoe interlaced with n similar shade of bebe : ribbon ; white ' Trolawney hut. Mrs. J. Hunter (Esk), whito figured silk, well cut sheath skirt, bodice prettily shirrqd ruohings of ohiffon ; whito leghorn liat, caught at sido, ohoux of ohiffon and whito plumes. Mrs. Exton/ sister of .tho bridegroom, French muslin, made over. Wonder slip, ornamentations of lace. Mrs. E. E. Taudevin, another Bister of toe bridegroom, biaok silk lnstro, yoke outlined with trimmings of rioh black laoo. Mrs. Nisbet/ green canvas olotfa, white silk vest, .rovers ornamented with true lovers' knots ; becoAiing hat of ornamental straw, swathed iu ohiffon, trimminga of pink roses. Mrs. M'Swuino, handsomo blnok. brocaded- silk relieved vvith pink, bonnet on Buito. Tho bride's travelling dross was of blue cloth, made en prinoesso, tablior and vsst of velvet applique in deeper Shade ,v leghorn hat. Only the immediate relatives and one or two . personal friends wore presont 4it tho ceremony, but Mr. and - Mrs. Hunter en tertained a largo party in the oveuing, The prosonts wcro most handsome, including > tokens from friends both far and. near, pupils of tho bride in day school and Sundtiy aohool, fellow teachers, and relatives, A venerabio lady, 70 yonts nt ago (MIbs A. .'H. Diuty, of Torquay, Devon, England), wrote to hor brother in Brisbano on Novem ber 23 aB follows: "Everybody now is read- ing nowspapers, or talklng about tliom. Such A lime Of tremendous realities has not home upon ns Binuo tod Crimean war and Indian mptmy, whteh wo old onoa remomber too Wall. It is refresblng to see the warm feellfag shown - by . all the colohtes, and tho zoal, of . our inen- is epleudtd. Of oourao, there are grumblers : who find. - fault , With tho Government fur not haying had A strong foroO on the ;spot, 'jbnt ...how ithay; wero tA-t' -ft there without : implying war, tliey do not explain. Tho . puzzle to too render of tho telegrams and reports is to keep the ohronology clear, too same story appearing again and again as if something new. Geography is holnp mot by plenty of cheap _ maps, and uns'pellable names are becoming familiar words- I posted you a Torquay DWtcMry yestoraay, . that has eomo verses of mino, Appeals for tho relief of sufferers - by the war havb been going on for somo time, and the Snndaybeforb last our. parish offertories, wero for. that purpose, suggesting tho thodghts to tny mind Which the liuee try to ex press. A goodmahy reserve merthnVogonofrom this place and neighbourhood. Fiiblio opinion, with tt small oitception, Booms moBt deoided that tho war was inevitable— and the Boers have thought so, or they would not have laid in suoh a stook of guns, or got German officers ds instructors. Subjoined is Miss Dairy's poem . FAATIKO. Ship after ship is departing, Bearing our brave oneB away j : . Streums the deep anguisb of parting - - Over tbo country to-day ; . Cih", nnd castle, and palace, Cottage, und farmhouse, dnd hall/ . Sharing that sorrowful chalice, ... - . Filled te tlie hrlm for us nil. : - - Sespott ntid- dockyard and river Beat with ono pitiful throb ; ' Strong are tho lips— yet they quiver;.. - Dauntless the breasts — yet they sob.- Breathes not a man but is ready ; Courage and spirit are high ; But how can the voices be steady That falter that solemn " Gooilbya " ? Through tho land's, breadth there is tlmllmg. One universal appeal — Show, to the gallant -and wiltirig " ." Broqf that you value their zeal ; Stern is the duty assigned them— Give them this littlo relief ; Thnsp they nre leaving behind thom-. jy, Btovo friends, who will feel for their grief ! Let tho word pass as they leave us— : "Boys, here's a message for you ; ' England can never fiocoivo-us , Sho knows what she sends ns to do. On to the front when sho bide, boys, Cost it a limb or a life ;' England Will care for the kids, boys— - England will comfort tbe wifo !" , ANNAXI. DSTOY. Eastbourne, Torquay. ' 