A FINE OLD IRISHMAN: 'TIMOTHY FOGARIY.' From end to end of Australia, wherever tho Fhke man circulates*, its readers will bs pleased to see the ' counterfeit pre6entment' this week in tkese Columns (to whish for m-.ny years l\e has contri buted so often) of good, honest 'Timothy Fog;irty.' For many % years past country readers of the Fkbkm.v\ who admire the letters of hard-hitting, but always kur-fightingi 'Timothy Fogart}' have considered it a duty to make a pilgrimage to his homo ; ana as many others would d) the snrae if they o-juld, wo make no apology for reproducing the excellent phots for which, at oar solicitation, he recently Bat at the Crown Studios. ' Wko is 'Timothy Fogarfcy r ' ' we are frequently asked. Well, without diru'ging any journalistic confidences, we may tell nil what is already known to many, that he is known in private life as William Ellard. Born in Queen's County, Lrelahd, on January 12, 1825, he arrived in Sydney 33 years ago, from which date he has resided here with his family.. Mr. Ellard has won an honourei name for commercial probity in the land of his adoption; bus whatever position ho has occupied as a citizen of New South Wales, he has never relaxed in his his love for the land of his birth. Broad as the uni verse in his tolerance of other people's honest c m victions, as a non-Cathohc Irishman he has many a time and ofc surprised with the vehemence cf his defence those who have sneered in his presence at his ' Roman' compatriots. In the b'\d old days which had their beginning in '68, so bold was his advocacy of them and Ireland, that, mistaking him or a ' Roman' himself, he was for some timi the object of much attention at the hands o^ Henry Parkes's myrmidons, then largtl/ occupied on the delectable mission of ' mate rializing' at any cost the mythical ' Kiama Ghost' conspiracy. Hale and hearty, in his 75th year, -with a fund of humour at his command when telling quaint stories, generally against 'the Saxon Garrison' in Ireland and its onetime pale reflection here, none can point the ringer of acorn at ' Tim.' He is loved by all classes and creeds for that fine blend of broadness and sturdiness and gentleness of character which the many temptations and adversi ties of a long life have failed to spoil. 