HER ROYAL SISffiESS. BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of^'Ltady Mary o£ the Dark Housej~ "The Secret of the Pearis;" "A Man fam the Dark/' "The Barnstormers," &c.; CHiAPTER. I. Charmed, snigic cssexneDta, opening on? the foem Of perilous seas, in faerie lands forlorn. If any one had asked Egon Thorn, Lord Pulke, what had brought him to Presmark, the oldest town in Thungaria, at the time of the year known as the "Season" (with a capital "S") in Fin gland, he would have had plenty of reasons to give; bat none of then would have been the. real one. Though he was considered eccentric fay men, and vaguely called "wild," with baled breath, by women, who would, nevertheless, have been delighted to secure him for themselves <v" their daughters,' he wae an. honourable am 1 - even a truthful young man; he would i»oC intentionally have told a lie regarding hie expedition. It would,, however, have come io the same thing, for he would have dhHer that he liked seeing places that he had snever seen before; that you could expect nothing but the unexpected of a rolling stone; which never had gathered any mass*, and. never would; that the Season was nothing to him, since he was in mourning for his. elder brother, who had been, dead but tw*> monflis; or that TSnmgaria was- an .interesting cocntry, because as yet so unspoilt by modern civilization that it was stai possible for thing* to happen there. AH these aleged motives might have been sufficient, or even one to luraMke to Hiun^cria when his friends were flocking to Henley, to Ascot, and to Cowes; and noet likely he believed himself to be swayed by several of them. Bnt the actual incentive was more recondite, less expBcaKe evai to- himselfffis brother Fcaacis, late Eari of Fulke, tad left few- private documents. Sudden as had been the illness, which had wrenched the. elder man out of Efe, he had found fame to burn many papers, as the state of the fjreolace in his study testified on the moming^when &e; Earl had been discovered lying speechless and gasping on the floor of the adjoizuur room. On his desk, however, bad been an enveloi^jiAfoesjed ,t» H» Majesty the Kmjr of Us angaria. ,Tt was empty; bat m the de&d; man's hand, was a crumbled scrap of paper containing the words, written in German:— "On June 3rd, midmsht. My hunting lodgrl in the VesfcHra-thaL" So one's eyes save the yeanger brother.^ had looked upon this, fragment, wha fc might mean so Ettte—or*so mmi. At first the new Lord Fulke had thought of it frut Mightingfer, though he bad burnt lie -parfner, because it seemed probable to bim lhat Francis bad been about to do so when, ib| last spasm of the heart had attacked and laid him low. , Pot afterwards, when the funer?* (at Fulke Towers) was over, and therfe was plenty of tnne for reflection and the process known as "putting two and two tofj:ther, the matter had begun to appear in a somewhat different light- Hie writing on the slip of osper risd been unmistafabff Krancis's. The envriope in tended fur Bs Majesty of Tiungpria had been tuMressed by the same band. The deduction which the new Bart made -was that the few abrupt words oa ttie bit of paper •vrexe to have «soue to the Kinsr, "rid would have oonveved some mean in e to his mind, u"intdlflziWe to one not imtiatF#iL_ ' F-rr aTeasoo wSnch -struck we living man as mvsterictns, the dead nan, fedfas him pelf about to. die, and helptes aar longer to ensrd secrets as he nnsnt possess, had 'feted # lart to destroy fee paper instead oE"fenefo>£ it to its ctT^bsJ desbtrafem. HHs nwdit have b-seo because Tiwnres had suddenly reatofcd that he "wraAl be unable to carry otet flhe plan wMA Ms «nmmnnicaitaDn was ta Save pat before ,, JI IL _ It -was news to Eaon Uafc Fjamc ever beemto Hrengataa, or b nersawal acqraintanise with lihj; n ttest oewitry- But tire grandasojfJjCT tiro vownc. men hail oeen Uj-™™„ woman of and CTCat bfeaty. wH<«e rnimn wrtih the ffeadd Bwl of Fidke fe*d in fts day been an esftraoMmasr t romance. Bdfch her grandsons- as littie awwwihm boys; bad becw loud of reading Thnnpanan '•Mitar and Fraaaeig the afcackmfc and nmrfcHn of "toe faewly, twelve years tire senior of his osiy brother—hart been laolful ih inten^eting fte wM, tibrt^*™** &J; •wlfiATIInnM^rfa famed. Qften he had Uft Endind- iafter the fabater's deatti gsvie him the title, and had been, absent for months, no one knew where. Now it ocenrped to Blpron (who bad been uianred aSer a fevourite brother of his grandmother's] h " that Francis might at these csre gone s to Thnneaxia. At all erants. tiie yertura wa« the iazfiesfc river "which oHWrsected toe daife range of the ;Tvara Momntains; and ft amsiared that there Francis had owned a h > Fra2eiMhe fifth Earl of Folke. had died of heart disease (with which his medical mm adniitfeed be had Ions ban aaRirted, -wiAinp KB secret keot), on Friday, March a 14th which had. oddly enonsJi. been suner- Ftition(3y lesaTded for several groerations a date rtf ill omen m ihe nonse of Thorn And it was not long after Ins bro thVs dea£b that TSeon began consoonsly to wonder what bad been meant; to hamjen on-Time 3rd, between Francts, Xiord Fulke, and the King of Thungarai. The hunting lodge, which had belonged to Francis, was •now his, ance'he had. throoah the lack of i> win. inherited all his brother's nroiierty. 3Tie desire jerew in Epson's heart to find that new possession, mname^ .immentjonea m mr document whxih the dead man had left b^ird him- "Whatever Ae appoSnbn»it : hnd been, he did not see how it cwdd be 1-ept by the King or hie enissanes, fr>r fte letter reqaesfcig for rather, demandmri it h 8d never been disoatched. SbU. a srijtie " Emanation gathered round that date—Jiroe 3rd like lie perfume of flowers winch sometimes lingers on the fragments of a shattered vaw. . . . . — Ixme ago, Bgon ted wished to «ee "nronjraria; now he acain drilled vrith samt vearning whicSi he had known m <^fldhood: and the new lord Fulke seldom hesitated long in taking or doing that which he oe- S &?*it was that. Mkwrinc in tire footsteps of his brother, aid -confiding his intention* to nobody (not even to the valet, whose amour propre was deeply injured at bemg left, behind, for the first tame m any of his master's travels), Fulke journeyed across rVrmany to Thnngaria. He made Fresrnark 1,1= desttnaiion, because, thousrh he did not know as -much about his grandmottier .as it wa= his duty to hare known, he was aware that her ancestral home had. been near tbe ancient town of IVenmairft-, and Presmark was in the Vestura-tbaL locked in by natural fortifications—the towering walls of A railway had been opened to Presmark, £01 ggtf yeexs ago that it was stall called the "new railway, bat the diligence continued to nin once'a day from Neusivigna, a modern manufacturing city, thirty mOes away, Be £ar as Feldafoad, whsch was a fashionable eulphur spring not more than sis kilometres distant from "Hie old town; and Fufce was not in eo great haste as to prefer the comfortable and expeditious to tbe picturesque. He had travelled much; but never in any of <$ie countries -which he had learnt to know nearly as^weU es his own had he found sure ejorions scenery than among the Ttam Mountains, as the jolting ^ diligence climbed the road that coiled like a 'whiplash along the rotiy haghta. It was stffl early in the season in these altitudes, for the middle of May was onty just past, and Feldafoad -would scarcely begin to stir itself and wake from its long •winter sleep until June 1st. Bat Fulke had for companions two or three enterprising American tourists, and in the body of the coach were several solemn fanners, whose business had taken them from home by tbe old way, which tbey considered far safer and mpore agreeable than travelling by rail. . It was seven o'clock in the evening when ijhe diligence reached Feldabad, and so deeply did the little cluster of houses, hotels, bath buildings, and Churches nestle into a nook clothed with pine woods that darkness was already falling, like the (brooding; wing of some great bird. Only one of the inns was open, and there Fulke dined; bet his enquiries concerning a carriage to take him on as far as Presmark that nidit were stolidly answered in the negative. To reach Presmark by the only coach road available from Fddabad bridge must be crossed, and this bridge was now undergoing repairs, that it might be in a fit state to bear the traffic which would shortly come with the brief summer season. It lay hardly a mile beyond the springs; therefore, it wrrald not be worth the gentlenan's while to engage a carnage for that distance. He might better have gone to Presmark from lueusivigna by rail, even though he did miss the beauties by the way, for now there was nothing for it but to walk, and to do that in safety, being a stranger in these parte, he must await morning light to proceed. ., .. ., Since earliest boyhood, to be told that he "must" pursue a certain course was enough in itself to fire Fulke's heart with a desire for the opposite, and though he was now twenty-eight years of age, had not yet entirely conquered the old perverse spirit, •which thirsted to overthrow oppostion. He, did not see why he should not go on (to Presmark that night. It was only halfpast eight, and the distance was little over , sc miles; He -could easily-do -that in an 'hour and thirty minutes. Ilis luggnp:c had gone on to Presmark by rail, wiiere he Ihloped to find it at the Kaiserhol. Tlie landlom shrugged fat shoulders, his lips curving to a smile of amusement at this mad Englishman, who had never until to-day seen the Tvara Mountains, yet glibly talked of finding his way at the rate of a mile in every fifteen minutes by night. Yes, it was quite true, the bridge would bear a foot passenger, and the way was dear enough until then. But after Die Teufeteibrucke was passed .the difficulty would begin. There were several roads — one leading to Presmark, certainly, but two otibess branchag off to as many villages, and a third to the Heise See and Schloss Finstetthexg. These roads were very confusing to one unacquainted with the district. rft all times, but in tlie dark ! Tlie landloitd illustrated the impracticability of sucih aa adventure by throwing up hi hands and ihis eyes. However, Fulke was determined. He coukL eveu imagine worse things than losing las way; consequently he paid the bill for his dinner ^it was somewhat longer proportionately fiban it would have been had .lie consented to remain!, and started forth, gfflded by his late host's grudging direc- The raooa had not yet risen hfeh enough to dhow ite -white disc above the black mountain -peaks which shut in Feldabad like the sides of a cup. But the road ascended. fa*Wfrds the rocky bridge—partly natural, jtertJy artificial — which spanned file chasm, deft by a cataract of the Vestura aa & ruahed towards a valley below. At the mrnnent when Fulke reached a turning whicl^eame before the bridge, the moon ; sudden looked him in the face, peering over tire wooded shoulder of a hill far iaway. . ; It flwj'ot aside thp pall of shadows, made the blflek profiles of rock stand out against a haeVteroirnd of silver, sky, .turned the torrent fed by tihe waterfall into a moving river of pearl, and flung down into the bosom -if a.email lake at some distance, -which otherwise wonld have lain unseen, a reflection Kke a golden cop upheld to the surface by fi wafer sprite. •Atj Fulke stood -on Ste half-disnMrntled bribe, he could see, risinc from the lower valley, a sreat mass of rock, which towered between lie roaring river <m the one side, ,arjd Ube depths of that small, still lake on Cfe other, giving somewhat the effect of an ii Sand. . This was the landmark for which he had : teen advised to look — Fmefcerberg, the •"Dart Mountain." - TSie landlord had spoken of "Sdiloss Finsberbenr," but there were no lights to be seen, not even the cold glinting of the moon (m panes of glass: therefore Fulke eondnded that -the oastle. which he could but dimlv see, was probably a ruin. He crossed tihe bridge, beginning to descend h again noon -the other side, arrived on the level of -lie foaming river. wthMi sang a wild song of rejoicing freedom in his ears, crossed anoitiher bridge of stone, in good repair, and had reason to; congratulate himupon having found the ro&d; towards Presmark, which the landlord at Feldabad hod described. Now Schloss Finsterbenr towered above him, not at a great height, yet giving an effect of savaee grandeur as he gazed up at Ae fflieer vraB of rock which overhung the ghostly spray rising like a cloud from the white waiter. The road on which he walked lay on "the far side of the river from FinsfcerbeaTfr. Above his head otherrwks reared, and had there been a drawbridge from the castle it mirirt Jiave been stretched across the narrow torrent. But there was no sign of any suon contrivance, and those who would now approach the Schloss must ascend a steeo patih which might have been guarded at the top by one man against a hundred. Having crossed the second bridge, the road which Fulke travelled described a semicircle, and -brought him at last to the border of the lake, which, on the opposite shore, kissed the rocky foot of Knsterberg. For the first time Fnlke began to think that, just past the bridge, he must have taken a wrong turning, for the landlord had distinctly told him that' he would behold the Hose See only from a distance. He stood still, meaning to retrace his steps, when something flashed white under the surface of the wateiv-the suggestion of a sight so strange that for an instant the blood sang in his ears and his breath came unevenly. He looked again, staling incredulously, elling himself that there must be a glamour bout the moonlight of May in Thuagaria hich bewitched an Englishman's eyes. It as like a child's definition of faith—"that hich makes yon believe what you know sn't- true"—for it seemed to him that he ad seen the white hand and arm of a woan lifted out of the lake, as rose the mystic hand and arm that gave the blade Excalibnr to Arthur. "What if it was'nt an illusion, after all?" e said beneath his breath. "What if it hould be some one diowning?" There had been no cry; scarcely a ripple of the water, save the one flash of light where the crystal surface had broken for an instant under the rays of the moon. Only a determined suicide could go down to death like that—without a sound, without a struggle. It must have been fancy, or, perhaps, a wild swan had glided by, diving s its quick eye had seen that it was watched by something alien and human. This last seemed a reasonable supposition, but Fulke's nerves were thrilled by the magic of the night and the scene. "What is that? Is any one there who needs help?" he demanded, half shamefacedly, in German, which was spoken by nearly all in this part of Thnngarial There came no answer, but from the surface of the lake, almost at lord Fulke's feet, the eyes of a woman looked eerily out at him under the light of the moon. The face -was pale and smiling in mockery —the face of a spirit or a water nixie, floating lily-like upon the water, colourless save for the shadowed depths of the upturned eyes. So brightly did the moon's rays strike the water, transforming it into a sheet of quicksilver, that the outline of a body, sheathed in clinging, drenched white draperies, was dimly visible, as if seen through a thick sheet of glass. Two gleaming arms of marble wreathed above the head, framing its beauty, the hands elapsed together, the slim fingers twined, and on one Fulke thought that he caught the rainbow fire of a jewel. Without a pause or reflection he tore off his coat and leaped into the water. If this were an illusion, he was mad; if it were a woman, he would save her in spite of herself. Unconsciously, as he took the plunge, he expected a shock of icy cold, but the water held scarcely a chill. He had felt it liktthat once in Florida, when bathing at a time of year forbidden by doctors, to find the shining, phosphorescent sea warmed by the nearness of the Gulf Stream. The Heise See deserved its name. He went down with, the plunge, but in a second was up again and striking out stronsiy for what he fancied was a strPak of white, already in the distance. He readied it, to find but an efleet of moonlight. "Die face that had looked n.p at him from the -water had vanished like the figment of a dream in the waking. CHAPTER H.—A BIT OF GOSSIP AT THE INN. When Fulke arrived at the Eaiserhof, in Prefimark, he was excessively wet and exceedingly bad - tempered. The hour was also very late. The Feldabsd landlord had >ro;ved 'his point, though he might never lave tihe satisfaction of learning the fact, far, instead of reaching 'his destination by 10 o'clock, as he had calculated, it had taken Lord Fulke until after 11 to cover the six miles of which he had spoken so lightly „,„.„ oh starting. He had Icist his . way, , not once, but twice, and had on each occa- siou p.iado ;i loiiy; detour—lodious becau-e he was soaking wet, and unable to restore the circulation of his chilled blopd by rapid walking, as he mijrht have done had he known the road. The 1)ig-ht, was cold, if the water was not, and by the time Fulke had reached the hotel 'he was glad of the fire which smouldered in a white porcelain stove in the Speiseaial. lie was hungry as well as wet, and, finding that food was etill obtainable, he ordered whatever could be got, and sat down to dry himself in front ot the stove while waiting. His exercise, chouffh not as violent as he could have wished, had already partially dried his clothing, which WMS fortunate, as something had gone wrong, and notwithstanding numerous tijxs and many directions, the luggage had not been delivered. The railway station had been closed for more than s an "'hour, and he must make shift as bait ne could until morning. Seldom had the Ear] of Fulke been iuc,re o'.'t, of eonoeilt with himself. He wa i-onscious that there was huruour underlying the situation, but he sulkily shut his eyes upon it, refusing to sec it lest he should iaugh. and perforce become good- natured once more. lie did not want to be goodnatured, for he had been a fed, and knew ' irir.pping about there in the water like a great r-oi-ijoiee, - ' Sie said to himself, crosdy, "and after nothing—nothing at all. li thcre'd been a woman I must have found her before I scrambled out again. _Wliat T poAti an ass: What a consummate ass!" As he grumbled on, he gloomily waiched the movements of two young Thimgarian officers who were playing billiards in a i room divided from the Spessesaal only by a an jich-way, from which a pair of heavy v red curtains were partially drawn back. lh This was ratier a primitive arrangement; but them most of the arrangements in Presmarl: were primitive, even at tihe KaiseThof, an ancient inn of the thirteenth century, remodelled and modernized. The orfieersj who were smart - looking young men, with bright dark eyes and fierce waxed moustaches, were talking in Thungariam, and though Lord Fulke had no intention of listening, he soon found himself both hearing and understanding what was said. o Thet had merely been conversing aibout g the gamie, when lie came in, discussing the length of time that was left before the closing honr <sf the hotel; but, roused by the sound of tie newcomer's entrance, they had glanced into the Speisesaal, and thereafter had begun commenting on the stcanger. "He's English," remarked one, 'or 111 eat my head." "Calves' brains are indigestible, Fritz, laughed the other. "No use wagering upon the obvious. He is English, and somebody in particular in his own country. Finelooking fellow, isn't he?" "For your sake, friend Karl, I pray that Hdene Bathory may not set eyes on him while he honours Presmark with his presence, or she will have none of you. He has the figure of an athlete, and the profile of a Greek statue." "You're as bad as a woman. How do you know but he can understand all you sa> —or perhaps you would like him to hear your complimentary remarks?" "It matters nothing to me. If he belonged to any other nation than the stiffand-starched English, I would go ask him how he got himself so wet." "I will do it anyway. In Thungarian, tot and then you shall know if he has learnt your opinion of him." Ihis was more than Fulke's bad temper could withstand. He laughed aloud, and shouted across the room, in excellent German-.—"Thank you very much for it. I do understand, and am repaid for my trouble in studying Thungarian, which, unfortu nateiy, I comprehend better than I speak If voii will both help me punish a bottie cf Tokay, I'll tell you the story of my wet- T§ie two young men sauntered in, showing their white teeth under their perky dark moustaches. This Englishman was not so stiffly starched, after all. Their game was finished; Presmark was a dull garrison, where one day usually contented itself i with telling another; they welcomed a, diversion with an excuse for lingering; and Tokay was good, though beyond the pay of one not yet a major. They sat down to drink, for further than that they would not share their host's supper. They did not hold him to his promise h w t ċ t w t Tw a tdst t s at first, but talked of indifferent thingsfhe length of a journey from England to Thungzria, and the sights to be seen bj tourists (of whom there were not many) at Presmark. "Already I know something of the walks," ejaculated Fulke grimly. "I lost myself twice between here and Feldabad." ""'It is a wonder it was not twice again, in the dark. You are lucky to be sitting by this fire now. And—ahem! you seem in need of it. Since you -have kindly volunteered the information, did you fall into the infant Testura?" "The river? No; but I jumped into the lake." "Ah!" They raised their black eyebrows. "It is early in the year, and late in the evening, for a bath—even with one's clothes on." "There is a "Lorelei in tihe lake; but she had left her rock to-night," said Fulke, with a grave face. The two young men looked ait each ether. "Wfiat do you mean?" What I say. She lured me to jump and 1 did' it. , Afterwaids, I was sorry. There was something strange about the officers' expression. "Will vou not plain?" asked the one called Fritz, are you joking?" "I wish I "could explain, but I am as much in tlie dark as you—and soaking wet as weli. I thought a facc looked up at me out of the water—I wasn't aware that the Torelc; had migrated from the Rhine to Thungzria, and foolishly concluded that a woman was drowning " "A woman?" Tlie two were all excitement now. "A beautiful woman; at least, toe face left a dim impression of great beauty, couldn't describe it at all." "It was she," whisrvered Karl Thoneit to his friend, with an air almost erf awe. "It is I who want an explanation now," said Fulke. "You speak and you lock as if the lake were haunted, and I had met the ghost." Lieutenant Fritz Stolbach shrugged his shoulders. "We may all Lave met our ghosts, but few men can truthfully say they have looked upon the face whidh you have seen to-night." "By Jove!'' exclaimed Lord Fulke, "if the. face was on the body of a real woman, and she is not drowned " "Oh, she is ncft drowned, no fear of that,' ! Fritz interposed, with mysterious emphasis. "Then I slial! see her ggain." llhie iiwo men shook their heads. "That vou will never do; we wiil take our oath "of it." "I swear I will." insisted Fnlke. with fierce, boyish do-ire to bo^sst. and justify his boast, far which he despisrd himself, but which he could not resist. "I'll see her. and speak with her, too." "To do that," said Ivarl, "you would have to beat down such, barriers as no man living ever fought against for a woman's sake, and won." The rooms of Kensington Palace, where the Quetn passed her infancy, have been adorned with various appropriate pictures, from the brushes of well-known artists, depicting the leading events of her reign. The design of making everything identically the same as when Priuccss Victoria lived and played under the roof has been most caretully carried out. 