WHIFFS. - [By 'Pilgrim.'] I do pot think our Church of England friends who wish to have all the ladies of the choir dressed in black gowns with what ore known as ' mortar-boards' on their heads, and the gentlemen attired in white surplices, -will carry the idea out without considerable opposition. Personally I should not care ' -much j 'were Ia member of St. j Paul's Church, how the 'choir might choose j co aress tnemseives, tnougn l cannot, lor toe life of me, see why anyone should wish to array themselves in flowing white, after the manner of: animated ghosts. . But tbe trouble will be that there are many of the congregation whose opinions were voiced by both Mr. Noakes and Mr. G. Jones in con sidering it the thin end of the wedge of ritualism, and my advico is to keep any thing like thai disturbing element out of St. Paul's altogether. Wo are reading day aficr day in the cablegrams o( tbe desecration of churches and all sorts . of disgraceful pro ceedings in the Anglican'. churches of England through Ritualists and anti Ritualists coming to loggerheads, and once the. flame of discord is lit in a church, my experience is that it burns mighty briskly for a long time, and takes considerable trouble to extinguish. And after all, if men and women sing sweetly, I don't see that they would sing any the sweeter or better for being dressed all alike, or -Vith any particular distinguishing badge. I wonder, though, whether there would be any objection to all the ladies having to wear huge crinolines with - equally huge shovel bonnets and the gentlemen attired in ' blazers,' and ' shorts' and having their hair powdered. What a howl of indignation would be raised. And yet it is possibly only a matter' of degree after all. To put any levity aside, though. I ask in all seriousness whether it would not be more Christian-like, and carry out the commands : of tbe Scriptures better, for the members of St. Paul's to make a decree that no lady should appear in tbe choir whilst she wore a corset or tight boots, and so on. If we all wont in for a more rational dress, befitting our bodies and tho climate we live in, and thus gave a practical example to others, I think more, good would be done than by attempting to influence one another by decreeing that certain persons should wear this or that, 'for tho sake of uniformity,' and so forth. * * * ' s- i= IUthbb a good' joke is reported from Brisbane. Listen. Dawson, M.L.A., for Charters Towers (who, by the way. is spoken of as a certainty for tho ' leadership of the Labour Party) with his fellow-member, Dunsford, actunlly travelled by the Japanese steamship Futima Mum, right down the coast to Brisbane. That 6teamer is owned by Japanese, worked entirely bv those dreadful aliens, and the profits made by the line of course go into tho pockets of a Japanese firm, where Dawson and Duns ford's pnssage money will find its way. Ergo , the very men who are returned by a party which is bitterly opposed to these ' odious aliens,' these ' leprous wretches.' these ' immoral foreigners,' &c.;, are them selves employers of Japs, quite unneces sarily. I say quite unnecessarily, because there are at least four or five other steam ship companies plying up and down the coaBt between Townsville and Brisbane. Funny isn't it? I have not yet heard whether tho two'Labour members are to be put on their trial by the junta, but no doubt some dreadful doom will be pronounced upon them, such as hanging, drawing and quartering, with their remains to be after wards hun; in chains at the cross-roads. But I would suggest that they be banished to Japan. After reading the utterances of some Labour men on the Japs, that would Qiiralv ha fVttt innof. ^rnaJful that could be imposed. ? Alas, consistency, , thy name is not Labour. After all, one experiences a certain amount of relief that the vexed Lamington Bridge affair is settled. What many, in* eluding myself, fought for has been prac tically obtained, viz., a thorough exposition of our side of the question, though I should have preferred this having boon done in Parliament. The amount in dispute was comparatively paltry, but the principles ftt stake largo and important. We have, how ever, let the Brisbane people, at least, see that the policy pursued by us was not one of 11 repudiation/' but a consistent eourso oE protest against what we considered, rightly or wrongly, an injustice. Howover, let sleeping dogs lie. ***** Once more our Municipal Inspector is on the war-path as far as straying animals is concerned, and most townspeople will agr^e with me that the nuisance is one that should be put down with a strong hand. At the same time it seems hardly fair to allow horses and cattle to stray through our streets at their own sweet will for years'at a stretch, and then for a week or two swoop down on the offenders and punish them for breaking the law. The object, I take it, of these prosecutions is to prevent a nuisancc being committed, and to act as a deterrent. In that case such long periods . should not be allowed to elapBG between the forays. If the matter were taken in band systema tically it would soon bo put down, as owners would see that they could not break the law with impunity. But I bold that to blink at it for months and years at a stretch, ' and then suddenly summons a number of delin. quents, is not the way to accomplish the object in view. That appears rather a peculiar utterance on the part of tbe Rev. Joseph Parker, of London, in which according to your cable* grams, he said ' his prayer- was that God would damn the Sultan.*' Rather an extra* ordinary remark on the part of a' minister of tbe Gospel, and one that will surely hardly find favour with true followers of the gentle Nazarene. One often bears tbe blunt ' D ? your eyes,' uttered in the heat of passion, and doubtless (although silly) it is BometimeB almost defensible, but for a clergyman to calmly from the pulpit pray the Almighty to damn anyone, is surely rather — well unique. Unless there is some explanation, it strikes me that the Rev. Mr. Parker will have a warm time of it shortly That the Sultan is a ferocions brute who would be well out' of the way, will be ad mitted by most right-thinking people, but I repeat that it is hardly following the pre* cepts of Christ for a minister to pray for the damnation of even such a blood-thirsty autocrat as he. 