CHE MYSTERY OF ILFORD GRANGE. All E.IGIIT3 RESERVED. ' 'Ilford Grange lies in an untrodden valley In the heart of England, a lovely retreat whore the call of the bird has not-been silenced by the shriek of the stcanvwhisfcle, and where the Bky is not clouacu, nor lao-air fouled with smoke. A mile from the old Grange stands a lone ale-house, whoso signboard, The Robin Hood, speaks of the old forest days Behind tho old inn a pathway led through a wood to the valley of Ilford Grange; the old tenement was a motley group of buildings, grey and red ; onco a pious lodging, it was still backed by the ruined town and eoath- wall of the Priory Church: West of it, a tiny stream bubbled down the valley, which, banked up to the north of the cburch, formed a lake, the unruffled surface of which reilects tho bushes that have grown round the bank, the ivy-covered tower and the cloudsthat float lazily over the enchanted volley making np a perfect picture of rural beauty. The Grange, built of grey stone, is patched bore and there with brick, being all overgrown . with tangled creepers, and surmonnted by tall rod brick chimneys, above which again tower the ruins of the old Priory Church. It was towards the- close of a bright andglorions September day that I paused, afters five znilo walk, in frout of Ilford Grange. It was with strange mingled fcoliugS"that I stood for many minutes gazing at tboold pile, grim and gloomy reminiscences -being recalled to my mind at its Bight. Here, -after my poor father's deabh, when-a boy of seven, had I been brought from Lond.on:by n>y uncle'ssolicitor. Though-at enmity with both my parents, upon his younger brother's decease I had bcen sent for. I may hero add that'a'mother's tender. Jove and care I never had.known, she having, left the world a few weeks only after my birth. As I stood now in the gloaming, the shadows deepeningaround the old Grange, I recalled to mind the dark, bleak, winter's day, when, weary of my morose-und miserly relation's tyranny, -I ran awayra lad of six teen. Starved and buffeted about for years at Ilford Grange, -my rough life -on board a West India merchant-ship was far prefor- nblo; and now, fairly wdl-to-do, and eight and twenty years-of age,, it was with wild and .conflicting emotions' that I- stood with folded arms at tho entrance gates of my uncle's residence, iho-old. miser, who for years had forgotten myexistonce,.bnt who now upon his death bed had exprcssod a wish to behold once moire his nephew Miles. Something I remembered of a pretty little girl, a nicccv the daughter of the only sister- oPMark Han ,way« She, poor child, some seven or- eight years myjunior, had bcen the-only? being I regretted leaving bohind at the old Grange that bitter winter's day when, proud and defiant, I rah away to seek a home upon the vasty deep. Thoro was no sign of life- about tho old placo,andas'I sauntered up the.moss- covcrcd and weeded" pathway -I behold, as of yore, the Bamo- air'OPdosolafcion, iieglecVand decay. A miser nerer- changes his disposition any more'than the leopard his spots," I mattered, as. gaining the old porch,. I gavo a tug at the bell, the clangour of which woke up many a - :dismal . echo about the place, startling the very rooks that were circling ovorhead preparatory to seeking their nests, for the-night'was closeathand. For some- fivo minutes I waited patiently a reply to jny summons, and then, as I was aboaVagain to put. my hand on the bell, the massive oakon door was slowlyopened, creaking -and groaning on-it3 hinges as if reluctant to- admit of ingress to<the stranger. Ah old crone, with yellow, wrinkled- face ond toothless gums, Btanding on the thres-, hold, winking ond blinking like anoId owl,, in querulous accents demanded my business... " I loft London oarly this morning'to paya Visit to-myuncle. Mark Hanway." " Did you ? then you might havo sarved yourself a long journey; you can't seo him," said the old- woman, snappishly, who, though Bhe had lost her teeth, I.found retained her sense of bearing. 41 Can't sec him ? What do yon mean, woman ? "Why, ho sent for me, and as I just nowinformedyou, I have travelled a, long distance at his request." " That-may hc,but the old man Jiasstartod <on a longer journey than you havo- over made." " I think I understand yon. You mean to infer that he is dead." " Yes; and as we have -no accommodation for travellers, I can't let you in. I'm a lone woman, and cau't a-bear strangcra. You'll get a bed, I daresay, at the Robin Hood, t'other si$e of the wood." "Thank you, but I do not care to cruise for that anchofage to-night. I'm here now and intend to remain. I do not-know who or what you aro, but I have corao down here at the express desire of Uncle Hanway, and I'm sot going to bout-ship for any lone woman who data not like BtrangerB." Rather short-tempered aud angry at the impudence of tho cronc, I here very coolly drove past her into tho hall. Rather token aback, as clapping her hands, Bcrecching and yelling like a tigor-cat, she sang oat, "Reuben, Reuben! Dido, Dido!" The pair so loudly called upon storting forth' from a haK-open door close by me, and proving to bo a bnrly, sandy-haired, red- faced mau, and a fierce, savage-looking dog; the latter -with an angry snarl, and revealing a set of huge fangs, bunching his back and Bhowing frdia- position to fly at me without any further to- do or provocation. " What's all thi3 about ? Who are yon ? Get ont of it, or 111 let Dido have -at theo ! " . " You'd better hold Dido, as you call him, back, or I'll put a knife in his ribs. I've done a tidy bit of pig-sticking in India, and T'm nnt rninnr to, be cowed hereby a vicious dog or bullied by a clodhopper! You ask who I am, I am the nephew of the owner of this house, and I don't care who you are or that erone either; but if you- don't take care and are not civil. 111 kick you both- out of the Grange." " Oh, oh ! Do'ce hear that mother?" " Let go the dog at 'im, Reuben. Bid thee near no couoa i a croner crieu buouug, fairly dancing with rage. To my. unmitigated astonishment, the scoundrel of a man, ;now loosing the savage- boast ho had been holding, with a load deep- mouthed bay it sprang upon me, causing me By its weight to stagger back against the; wall.. Having snatched a broad sharp-bladed knife from my pocket a moment before, and gotting a good grip of tho brute by tho nock, I buried the weapon up to the haft in its throat, and then exerting all my strength I hurled tho dying beast at the old woman — the dog and its mistress rolling together upon tbe floor. Starting now upon tho amazed and confoundedReuben,! gavetbe-feUovroae crashing blow full between 'the eyes, aaidbsn- othcr under the left ear that sent him stun ned and bleeding upon the bodies»of the gjiriohfng hag and the dead Dido. ia2 .Master. breath, took a glance around, staring wildly as a little boy, wan faced, ragged and dirty, gliding from a distant cornor, with one bond upon his lips and tho othorupraised,beckoned mo to follow him, as ho began to ascend a flight of stairs at tho end of the hall. Paying no hood to tho oatbsand threats of diro vengeance uttered by tho bullying lout below, I at once hurried aftor the poor little creature, who, gliding swiftly before me, kept turning round to see if I were following on. Up a second flight of stairs, passing along a corridor that I remembered well in the days of old, my little pilot then began ascend- , inga third steep flight that I knew led to a suite of rooms seldom or ever used in. my childhood's days, and that bore'the reputa tion of being haunted. Passing through two apartments that -opened ono into the other, tbe-little fellow home to a pause, and placing his trembling little band upon the door of a third chamber, ho exclaimed, in a hesitating and trembling voice, " Laura's bore!" " Laura's there, is sho?"T replied, smiling, at the troubled expression that rested upon the poor boy's features; for though locked, I was well assured that 1 could soon burst the door open if necessary; and calling to mind that Laura was the name of my pretty playmate and cousin in the long ago, I determined,, without any scruple, to force an- entrance -in to the room. Forthwith, and without any farther to-do, .1 gave a bound with my- shouldcr against the obstacle beforemeythat, as I expected, tore the look away, and landed mo sprawling upon tho floor of the chamber beyond. Starting to my feet, I was now-astounded, at beholding a young and lovely girl, a beautiful blonde, lying -upon a couch, bound, hand and foot, whilst piled upto.-theoeilrng, as if ready for removal, I observed -archest of drawers, tables, chairs, card-tables, and' wash- stands, all packed one upon the other, -caus ing tho chamber to.resemble tko- Bale-room, of an auctioneer. Myfirst proceeding was, of coinse, to re- Jcase from her bondB the weeping.girl, who, in wild alarm, seizing me by-the arm, ex claimed: ' " What have you dono with'that-infamous woman and her son?" " Shown them both that I mean to be master here!" " But the dog— thoy will set the horrible brute upon you !" "Thev did that-same thing, my dear girl, .and I served Dido as I used to dotho mid boars;. but tell mo, Laura, what is the mean ing of that strange array of furniture ?" " I will tell yomall— everything. But say, areyou not my cousin Miles, that poor uncle was expecting ?" " I am he; yes, -Laura. . And though so. many-years have passed since wo wandered hand in-hand-ubout tho- valley and through (the woods, X recognised you, dear, the. moment I entorcd- tbe apartmoot. Andmaw toll me-wiiat villainy has boon' going on. here?" " Almost murder, -Mi'es," cried my pretty- relation, as she clungtrcmblingly and confi dingly to my arm. "Poor uncle Hanway dibd.yesterday, and becausecld John Groys- brooke and hisdaughter wouldn't consentto .Bomo vile; proposition of thoiis, the monster, Xtenben Monks, and his vile old mother barricaded them up. in the gUost room,.an<l God knows what crime wonld have been, -carried ont if you had not arrived; for my self I would have died before-agreeing to the wishes of'that dreadful pair. " And what were those wishes, .Laura?" " That I should consent to -become tho: wifo-of the horrid son." " A very modest desire, certainlyVbutXTL lmxe-(punish) them before many hours are- over. And now to release the prisoners. 'Thank God 1 arrived in time, Laura, for T beiiovo that vile old hag and tbe fellow "-Reuben wouldn't .havo heaitatod at: murder,.: or their'loofcs bolicthem." Sotting strenuously to- work I- proceeded, tordrag away tho numerousartioles offurni- "turo that had boon heaped together, and slightly aided by my cousin speedily dis- . closed the half -glass door that opened into tho ghost room, as it was called. Here, -by the-pale rays-of the moon that's tole through a small casement at tho far end of' this ante-room, I behold tho wan and startlod facos-of the. old man-and his-daugh- tor, who had so daringly been, imprisoned by 'the'vile housekeeper, Mrs.Jtlonksand.her.' t :son. With some difficulty getting-.away from-my ' cousin, who was in fear-and alarm .for my ' .safety, I now, leaving her with theiGreys- brookes, at oncedoscendedrtortho lower.-part ofthe house 1 wasrathor surprised that J had. received' no further signs of revolt from the- onemy, especially as.1 hod'heard from Laura of their audacious dosircB and criminal proceedings. Followed by the little boy, a waif of the adjacent village, I made, a thorough inspec tion of the premises, and at last was pretty well convinced that the mother and-her hope ful son had vacated the premises, i Returning to my auxious cousin, all the night through (along with the poor old labourer and his daughter) we>sat up in .that houso of the dead, nbneof us under the cir cumstances-caring to seek repose. The next day, upon calling in tho-couiity counstabulary, we diBCOVorod thut Reuben Monies and his mother had decamped, bat had carried oif a considerable sum in gold, part-of the hoards of my unfortunate uncle, who had died with no relative by his death bed ; even his niece having been prevented from attending upon . him hythe vicious beings in whum for years ho had placed such trust. The precious pair of conspirators by means of tho hue-ami cry and a smart de tective from London, were-soon-captured, . -and received a weU-merited sentence of " Fivo Tears' PenaL" As next-of-kin, I duly inherited ail Matk 'Han way's wealth, and, wedding the lovely Laura and settling down at the old Grange, I tempted no more the dangers of the deep, dcop sea. 