The Trotting Cob. (Bj " Wanderer," in the Adelaide Observer.] ■ My word! it'a a great night for rain,' exclaimed old lien Urownlow, returning from the verandah whither he had gone to inapect the weather, and oloeing the door behind bim. ' A week like tbie and all the Block i routee will bB open again, even the 'Old Man Plato,' 1 thing it'a a fair thing that we ehould celebrate the breaking up of the drought. What do you eay, boye, I know I'll be glad enough to get a etart again,' A murmur of aeeent rose from the circle gathered around th« fire in the comfortable parlour of old Tom Mostyu'e hotel at Dubbo, where eix or eeven of ue drovers had been enjoying an enforced' (spell' for some months, praying and ouraing by turns j as eaoh succeeding day brought a ftercler heat and a bresBier sky. Now, however, the change had oome in eerneet, and the rain had poured down eteadily for Bome hours, turning the air an raw and chilly that our genial hoBt had ordered a lire to be lighted for our espeoial benefit, lleu'a motion being- carried unanimously the ' priest's' bottle wub called for, and we drank with unc tion to/ gtaea and water, and plenty ! of it/ . ! ' I don't know why it is,' continued ] old Ben, setting down hie empty glean,,' but -thin night, and the eound of the drip, drip outside reminds me forclblyof the time I enw the Trot tm* 06b.* 'The-Trotting Cob?' I Interrupted, «whatbob do - you mean ? Sorely there'timore than one animal of that deeorlfiBon in Australia.' Beniffaoked at me pityingly, while two or/Ahree of the others laughed. 'The youngster's green, Ben,l*I thought every drover in the island had heard of the Blaok Swamp and the TmjMSn' Cob, but, it uppeuv --I wae •' ''' ' Ton oan't expect a man to know everything at once,' I replied pond, besides, nearly all my work haB bgpn done in Queensland... I've ^nly made one trip.riown Ibis way. , What's the yarn about the Blaok Swamp?'., "Go on, Ben j out with it,'eald Gebrge, Morgan, a big bluff, 'good hearted Cornstalk; ' I've never heard the righto of the affair myself. I mind an old bloke pitcbin' about . It when I wae a kid; but I've heard two or three different tales ainjgw^ Yon ought to know the real strength, of it.' -P"'*' •' ' S 'Yon bet your life 1 just do,* answered Ben. • I'm not likely to forget it either. I've had some pretty lively eoacae in my, time, »bht I never felt my hair Uftin' my bat off.jbefora i^es.the way it did that night. X know I wouldn't camp at the Black Swamp again—no, not for all the rice in China. Same men U trill yon |hey heard the cpb trotdu,* but I bee hfm-^-ay'e, andsfeeh what he carried. Bat hold on a. bit, I'd better ttort at the beginning. ■ - it * ,-v ' * - It musthavebeen eiosermtwetity five years ago that I first took cattle acroes from Hay to DeofliqCto. Things were a bit better then so far as feed and water wenu ' fTh|country wasn't stocked so heavily, and a map could get a mile or two from the toad without bavin' a Jackeroo gallopra' after him,-tbrestenia' to tag him for keepin' within his bounds. I had a thousand head of store buiiocks from Mount Cornish—-grand cattle they were, too, jest in prime condition for travelling neither too fat her -too poor. They were steady, too, able to do their fifteen or twenty miles a day if neceasary, an'-yet essybloc^ed-if you weren't in a hurry. My colonial - tbBlt^efS'thdlfitnea wh^V'mM h'aT a chance of mabln' a bit. I had 8a <54 a head for those bullocks, an' half my horses found. They'd want you to take 'em for a shilling now, and he glad to get 'em. [Most con tract droving is done at so much per head per hundred miles.] I never re member having easier times on the road than 1 bad that trip. The bul locks were broke in that well that all you bad' to do, if yon wanted to wheel them, was to ride to the wing and aing oat, an' you'd see tbem turn in juat like old workers. I had no trouble even awimmin' tbem acroaa the Elver at Boutke, although she was runnin' pretty atrong. I juat brought them up nice an' quiet, oteadyin' the lead myself, an' when i rode old Qaart pot into the stream I an' swam him across, they never heaitsted a minute, but followed me like so many dogs. The day after we crossed I lost one -of my best men. | He'd been ailin' a bit for some time, an' the wettin' brought back sn attack of fever and ague that he'd caught: i out in the Gulf country the year | before. I was real sorry to part with : him, but the poor chap couldn't even ride iu the dray, so I bad to leave him behind and engage another man in his place. It wasn't easy to find one either. Wages were good and stock men Bcarco, and,, as you all know, unless a man thoroughly understands his work he's worse than useless with cattle. It's different with sheep; -any tool can drive them." Old Ben's voioo as he said thie was fall of the soorn whioh every true wielderof the stoakwhip looks upon the ' woolly stockman,' the driver of the lowly but useful' monkey.' ' Well, I eeatohedall the pubs with out flndln' any one to suit me, an' was j net thinking I'd have to go on shortbanded, when an ogly blaob-a vised eove comes up to me and asks me it I didn't want a man. I didn't like the look of him at all, but there was no mistake he" was all right among Block, I oould tell that by the out of Mm, without oakin' ques tions. Qa was very pertioular about the route I intended to bake j wanted to know if I couldn't 'go some other traok than aoross theOldMan Plain, an' when I tol3"him that'l wonld'nt alter my plans just to euit him he hesitated as U he'd half a, mind not to take the job. fie had'good reasons for wishln' to avoid the Black Swamp but I didn't Jtuow them till, after wards. fie was'atony,'ho wever, had been on the spree in thetownehip for over a month, an' had thfct many dogs tied up'—that is—had? contracted ao many debts—' thathseouldn' pass a pub without one of 'sm*l»arkin' at; him, eo at last he made |p| hie mind to ohanoe it and come Wl& me. Ton ; eae, the Blaok-H8wamp |ras a long! way off, and the doga were close; handy, and I've always |opnd that a small danger near |iy semis a man a heap worse than a mnob paster one ,aome distance from himgs We got along bully after leavingjlnurbe, an' the new man, Bill' Eaatjfhe called himeelf, tarnsd out a^e&ul;&r; treae. ore. Be was alws^'rthe first to catch-hie h<wne%f$>%oriiiog, an' the lasilla lha^ ^e mob at night. You'll the general ran of stockmen'are,, input of 'em are always in a harry- to .getto^mpofjantebt,but jiftl East tierlr-laft the. cdttra tillthe borse tsiler oame out to take charge, eyeo if ile hmijtd walt an hour. In epfte of hlt^lhiS,. however, he was ;no favorite. 1 tried ] to reaeon- myself oat of my^dieUke towards him, bu| it' wae no use. L eimply oonldn't a bear the-mam, ' Jlb for the rest of the boys tlmiK.wMd<to't^napaak oiy^to b5m an' oBed^ throw out~all^ sorts ^of elira lS hite, all at laet.'oiie ggy, he took'Vhb hhrgeet man'among 'em by the ecraff of the heck, an' gave b?m the father of a jo\Ty good hldlnR.' thlnk he s^bkfe akbirehwords to i body bfif iftyself fi^%ieHaS| of ■ trip, or, ?le^ us. |i didn't want him lo talk to me eithdr, the man aninjustice by dial eo. I was curious, too, to know wcw > ■ ... ■ ■ V" I r* I 11^ «r, .w - hoatweyaharpSdon tfia sa.[neaaS jieot, If he spoko to me twenty times Aday,ftwhs always to.try to psr eiiode me to pet my way-bill altered an' tabs some other track than Serosa the ' Old Man Plain.' He kept tellin* me that I'd be sure to !oae half the ■ bullocks onthe long dry stage .from ! Say .to the Swamp ; said that he'd j been heroes there with one man who ] had. a terrible time, and so on, bat ] I felt quite eaCB that it wasn't the ! cattle -he was thinfain' about, or 1 my pocket either. There was-some] mystery Connected with the Block | Swompthat Bast had a share in,, of that I was/asrtain, ah* even if 1 had j Mneidered^lt yieer to ayold ^hat par- j tioulat piene of country, I would atill have heldoamyconr*s,if only toget to lite bottom of the business, Besides, { I bad got word from old Johnny Forrest, who happened to be down that way at the time, that there was I a splendid grseo shoot along the truck and the weather bein* cool, I knew the buUooks coWd do the 60 miles j without water quite easy. ' When Bast found it wae no nee j try in' to peraaade'me, he left of talk log altogether, an' took to thinking | herd instead. He would ride along ' all day, doiu' his work mechanically, hit black brows knit in an everlastin' scowl, an' muttsrin' ones-words to | himself, that was enough to raiee the hide off a two year old Mickey Oh, he took the bun for language, I tell you. At last we reached Hay, an' Fast naked me to let him go into the townehip to hay some things, I noted that he had caught his own borsB that' morning, an old noddy he est great store by, end it struck me that if I let him go he wouldn't come beck, 1 wouldn't have cared much only for that long dry etage, but when a man bos titty mile to do with out & drink, he don't want to be short handed, eo I reckoned it was safer j not to let East leave the camp. • If you want anything. Bill,' 1! says, I'll get it for you when I'm getting my way-bill signed. By-tho by what ate you riding old Black thorn for to-day? Are your other borsee knocked upr* ' Oh no' aays he,' but I like to give the old crook a turn now and again, j If I didn't, he'd get that freeh a man'd | want to be.a atickin' plaster to sit on him. He kin root a town down when he likes.' I wasn't quits satisfied with Bill's j explanation, but ae be did not prose the point about gettih' into Hay, I let-it go at that. We got across thej dry stage all right without losin' a i single head; and, on the third 1 afternoon, sighted old Smith's shanty j and the belt of lignum that marked J the swamp.. I blocked the lead about two miles fromtha water, an' strung "em into it as quiet -as you please; no rushing or bogging; no more trouble than if they'd had a drink every-hour instead of bein'' nearly three days without one.- As they spread out on the flat:the other aide of thfe swamp, j Bill Bast rides up to me —I ' noticed he kept close to me that day—an' say a— ' You're not going to camp here to night, Boss, are you f ' 'Of course 1 am,' I said. How much farther, do you wont them to go ? Are you frightened you'll see a ghost here, or what? What in the biases.le the. matter with you man? Hold up, or you'll be breahin' your neck * an'I grabbed him by the arm just as he was falling over the horses shoulder. , . • IPs—it's nothing -he gasped atrugglin' to regain his self control'j only an nglypaiu I get at my b?ait sometimes. I'll be all right—in a minute.' 'I said oothin'.but like the sailor's psrrot, I thought all - the more. I began to1 suspect that it was some thing worse tbaamere mystery that East had been mired hp in at that camp, but I weB far from imagining the truth even then. * Thq.daywors ouj.au'the bullocks seemed quite contented, some of 'em begtaia' to lis - down long before csmpin' time. East kept ridin* round, always on the aide * farthest from Smith's just jm if he. wished to avoid being'seen by aoy one-at the shanty, **" ' " ~ ^ . ... | tape;nod thewild hnnted'iook in his I eyes, told a tale thafaoy man might read of the. agitation—actual fear . I • put it down for—fhat - possessed j his mind. As itwae getfm' duskwelet the cattle draw -oh to -the camp, as" pretty a piece of ground As yoacouid 'find in a day'e journey, an' I told the hoys to let their horses go, > white I rode round myself steadying the - toob still the horse tailarwas rsady-to come on jrstch. After sajjper all hands turned ia at oqce,. hsin' pretty >well knocked, up by the^ past, three days* hard work, but Ei8t~-had hardly laud bis head on hie'pihfow^bfore ie wae Up'igtiq, :«pa»i »sa' hr the ) makin' some entries in my diary, whoa ; he,came an' squatted dawn beside me.j ' • Why don't yon go an* hare sleep, man ?' I asked.' * "Sou. don t go | on watch-till 2 o'clock.' 111 can't sleep here,' be answered 1 with a shudder! * lor that matter, j none of us'H sleep much to-night., The cattle won't camp here; there'll I be a rush before midnight, you see if j there won't., I've got old Blackthorn| tied up, with the saddle on him.'to be] ready for it.* '4 You must' be mad,' Y etclaimed. * What's goin' to make them rush? Their- bellies are Sull; the night's clear, -and there's not a better camp in New fiontb Wales.- Oh to bed an' have a snooie, drjyoh'll.be goin' o£E your dot, as sure as my name's Ben.' 4 Be shook hie head. 1 Wait a while,' he said j 'you'll find out I'm j not talkin' through the back of my j neea. There, do yon bear that ?' As he spoke there came to onr eats a terrified lowing from the cattle, mingled with the hoof beats of a galloping horse, and presently We besrd the horse- tniler's voice, raised high in wrath, pouring out a volley of abuse an some atraggler, while the .ratlle of his stockwhip sounded like a discbarge of musketry, •It's only a beast fryio' to snesk off for another drink,' I said, as the bullocks seetned to quieten down again, • They'll he all right now,' * "It's.not time yet; just about midnight he'll come,' muttered Bast, starting, and glancing quickly over his ehoulder. ' • Who'a * he " I demanded. 4 Yon are ratty, right enough. If you're not goin' to bed, I am. Take my advice an' do the eame.' 'He never answered, but sat with his arms clasped round his knees stsrin' into the fire, so I left him, and in ten minuteB he wae sound asleep. ' It must have been about half-past eleven when the shouting of men and the routing of cattle woke me. I dung the rug aside and epiang to my feet. There were the bullocks racing round an' round, ringin', in fact, while Frank . Adams galloped on the out, side, yeiliu' like a madman, bis whip risin' and fallin' like the pendulum of a olock. All the others were up too, runnin', each with his bridle, to catch their horses, while East stood still beside the'fire, trembiin' like a leaf, with old Blackthorn's rein over his! arm. In. five minutes I had my own i horse caught and saddled, an' was outj to lend a hand. Bast hadn't stirred j till.then, bat as booh ob 1 mounted he \ did the same, an' followed me like my ] shadow. Frank was workin' like a Trojan, an' l* felt sure that when we all got out we'd quick steady the bul-: locks; but we might as well have tried to stop a tornado. In spite of: us they kept edgiu'away from the swamp, an' at last, just on "the stroke of midnight, with one mighty roar they broke clean away from us, an' legged it across the plain as if the. devil was aiter them. I turned to Bast, who still galloped beside me, an' yelled savagely:— " There's some infernal black work behind this, and you know all about it. Tell me what it is, or by——' 4 A scream each as one would imagine at being forced from a lost soul bust from bis livid lips. Seining Blackthorn back almost en his haunches,- he pointed towards the swamp, his-eyeballs starting from bis head, and the sweat pouring down Mb gbustiy chbettt. 4 Look! look:)'- he cried,! he's com ing ! See . the trottin' cob ! rAn' look at his bead ! Oh God! the head that I cut o2 an'buried, in the swamp!' Don't let him catch me i Ah, I see the fires waitin' for me Coma away! dome away!' an' wheeiin* his horse, he struck the spurs home an' was off i jika the shot from a gun. • I oould see nothing, hn' was tnrn ingto fhtlbW the cattle, .when: my horse began to tremble .in- every, limb, prickin' uphiaeara an' enortin' with terror. Then I heard comin' to wards I me the peculiar regular hoof heats of a fast trottia' horse, moment I saw-. Thws^jpot ; twenty yards off, wae a bcb-tailed cob.trot lin'-liks Maad S.» and on bis hack a mad; hut what; ebrt of a "man ? My blood firdse a^J^sked,.for I could »eea thtougtfjboith cob and rider,: and as the 'ghOHtly pair come nearer, I mmthat'the man's head, Instead of reefing On his shoulders, was carried before Urn Ion the pommel of the saddle- I waited, to see no more, iOhp sight like that ought to satisfy nay-Ordinary man.* I know it was quits enough for tne, anyhow, an' I don't think old Q nan-pot ever, got over, the ground so fast before,, or since as he did'that night.. \- 4 Next morning Beet' was missing 1 an' it wasn't till after some time tl_ I learned, wfaat.had really takenplsce ] at that ill-fated samp. .It appeared that Bast abA a few mors wiwrboJB-1 In' across there -in tile early days with a mob of cattle, and when thoy reached the Black S wamp they mur dered the boas, out off bis bead, an' planted the remains in the mod. The cob that the murdered men was ridin' got away an' went right back to the Queensland, station from which he came, and'it was/through him that East and hie mates were caught. They escaped, on the charge of murder, but war's sentenced to long termB for cattlo stealing an' East had not long, been released when he joined me at Bourke. It's a solemn fact, ae most of yon know, that cattle-will not camp at the Swamp since, no matter how you try to keep them. I beard that East died some years ago ou the Lachlan, and' queer enough, old Blackthorn' died j the very next day. By Jingol I'm thirsty f I haven't talked eo much for years.' ♦It's all right,' said old Tom Mos tyn,' You deserve a drink after that yarn. These are mine.' • I'll get Jaok 'Spratt to make that belt to-morrow, Ben,' broke in Horgan. ' There's no mistake you're the man' to near it. You're the' champion right enough.' 'The next lima I tell duffers like you a true story, there'll be two moons in the aky,* retorted old Ben. ' Sere's to the weather.' . The toaet was duly honoured, and shortly after most of us were between the blankets, the gentle rushing murmur of the rain singing ue a welcome lullaby. 