Dying Nations. HOW EMPIRE IS AFFECTED BE' THE CLIMATE. A nation only lives a few thousand years. Look j at the great nations of 4000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Pern, Assyria, are all dead and buried. China is only staying alive to save funeral expenses. The next generation of nations included Rome and Greece, and these are like galvanisbed ghosts. The third gene'ration, the Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, and Scandinavians, are alive, but have lost their power. From this you will see that the nations in hot countries die and stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, become great, fail, Iobb their out lying dominions, and yet stay alive. That is because the land does not lapse into jungle like Ceylon and 'Yucatan, or change into desert like Assyria aod Egypt, but remains fertile, providing plenty of food. Now to apply these facts, says the London Daily Hail. Great Britain, the United States, Russia, and Germany are gaining in population, wealth, and power, but the British empire is extending more rapidly thananyoneof them.- Compare her with i- ranee, tor instance. A couple or centuries ago, when France owned most of North America, and was founding a vast empire in India, Paris was bigger -than London, and was the capital of the civilised world. ' To-day Paris has 2,500,000 people, and iB the capital of the arts and fashion. But London has 5,000,000 souls, and has taken the place of Paris as metropolis of the world. The British empire is growing, and it will keep on growing, along the lines of least resistance. At the present rate, the whole land surface of the planet will be absorbed by the year 2349 A.D. But as Greater Britain grows it comes into closer contact with the boundaries of the United StateB, Russia, and Germany. Even if we could, we have no wish to swallow theBe or any other decently- governed countries. The United States, Russia, Germany, and Japan are playing the same game. The British empire ia nearly aB large as the four combined. As England does not wish to conquer the wellgoverned countries, the area opened to annexation may be diminished by half. In that case all the world will be properly governed by the year 2012 A.D. So in 113 years from the present time the British empire must stop spreading for lack of room en the planet. Even then it will grow in wealth and population, but meanwhile these little islands are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel the weakness af age, and be no longer able to fight for our possessions ; our colonies may cut adrift from us ; the conquered countries like India may revolt; It all tbiB should happen, as politicians of a pessi mistic temperament are already predicting, it would only be a case of history repeating itself. How long will that be ? Well, Rome rose in 400 years, as wo did, and took a thousand years to decline.; Our empire is infinitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than tbe Raman. Suppose wo say 1,500 years before the Little England party wins a general election, and little England is a second-class power, as she was in the days of Henry VIII' P 