; CURRENT TOPICS, The latest news from the Transvaal shows that; what -was once said of the Bourbons can be truly said of the Boers, "They have forgotten nothing, and they have learnt no thing." The Boers have not forgotten, but on the contrary they have over-valued the two victories won over English foes, whose at tacks were so badl j" planned and conducted as to deserve being classed under the heading of those blunders which are worse than crimes. And compared with what other na tions have done they have learnt little or nothing of the fearful death-dealing arms and missiles which science has brought to such a pitch of cruel perfection. That the Boer possesses a stout heart, a steady hand, and a true eye no one can deny; Ujit he will have to fight In the open now to a great extent, and must necessarily be crushed by the overwhelming numbers and superior ar maments of those foes which the exercise of timely prudence would have made his firmest friends. There Is no more pitiful sight on( earth than that of brave men being rushed to their death by rulers whose arrogance is .only equalled by their Ignorance. If Mr. Brunlter ever rejoices he ought to rejoice that the progress of Federation has left him free to go on with the much-wanted Friendly Societies Bill. The measure Is based on the lines laid down (in the English Act) by the best actuarial experience in the world. These lines- htive been' adjusted to the re quirements of local environment, and they affect a third of the population of the colony In the only matter which is worth talking about. It boots nothing to bandy blame backwards and forwards like a shuttle-cook. That is the futile resource of small minds. The large,, straight, practical thing to, do Is to go on with this Bill, and get the finances of the most useful Institutions among us put under a shelter -whose best points are streng thened by the graduated standard. ) The Chamber of Commerce Is keeping its eye on the public traffic, and on Its noble self with even impartiality. There, is a con gestion of carts In Sussex-street, and a ple thora of jury summonses In the council- chamber. The first is to be dealt with by a deputation, which Is to ask Sir Matthew Har ris what he thinks of It. The second Is being wrestled with by the legal sectional com mittee of the chamber. If the deputation can, out of Its vast city experience, make any feasible recommendation to the head of all things municipal It will fare better than if it takes' n vacant mind Into the den of that most pvactlcally-mlnded lion. If the legal joint committee reports definitely that the jury panel will be greatly relieved if all contract cases are dealt with by judges in whose province they are, instead of by juries In whose province they are not, the report will substantially assist a good cause. In dealing, with a compensation case the other day a learned judge expressed an opin ion that tram guards should exercise great care when women are entering or alighting from the cars. Most guards do. It is no pleasure to them to see a woman shot head first Into a car, or thrown senseless on the roadway out of one, and It Is safe to say that In nine cases out of ten such accidents are In a great measure brought about by the pas sengers themselves. Some women will sit staring before them, or chatting with friends for a minute or two after the tram has pulled up at the street where they should alight, and then will clutch at parasols and parcels, and shake hands and say "good- bye," and fluster around until the guard has blown the signal to "go on," and then they make a dash for the doorway, and; If passengers would be fully prepared to -step out the moment the tram stops the number of accidents would be materially reduced, and the tramguard's lot made a deal happier than It Is at present. He has to run his tram to time, and time and tide wait for no one. A little light is breaking through the war cloud In South -Africa. A caucus meeting of tho majority of members of tlie Transvaal Raad has shown a marked inclination to wards granting a liberal franchise, and a disposition to give tho Government more liberty In adjusting a settlement, at the same time waiving the enforcement of the obnox ious naturalisation provision, Thl3 is a conciliatory attitude, which should have some effect on the Boer Executive. It may be hoped that between the pressure of the Afrikander leaders on the one side, and his own Parliament on the other. President ICru- ger will agree to a compromise satisfactory to all concerned. After all, any concession as regards the franchise must be carried by Uvo-thirds of the burghers, and Mr. ICrugor may seize the opportunity of throwing tho responsibility of the situation on their shoul ders. To the Caucasian mind the Chinese charac- terwlll probably always remain most perplex ing and peculiar. Not long ago a Sydney Chlnaman committed ' suicide because he could not pay lifs debts. That was sad, but the danger of such a frightful exumple In fluencing other financially-distressed persons to any great extent Is not Imminent. To-day we read of a case In another colony in which a Chinaman applied to a fellow-countryman for a loan of money. This was refused, and, by way of revenge, tho embarrassed pagan committed suicide, so that his ghoBt might return and perpetually annoy the niggard. As yet this annoyunco has nut led to any alarming results; but the friends of the de ceased are hopeful, and declare that the ghost will walk "plentee soon." That the visit of MIsb Amy Castles was a source of pleasure to the people of Sydney will be udmitted by all. It Is possible also that It may prove the source of profit by causing us to tender at least as much en couragement to art as we do to athletics. A glance at the past Is sufficient to show that while this colony has furnished the greater number of champion athletes, the sister co lony has brought forward tho greater number of musical artists. There Is no purticular reason for her having done so, except that she has kept more watchful eyes upon such of her young people as have shown marked ability to shine In the tuneful sphere, and as It Is never too late to mend we may now7 with the recollection of Miss Castles' triumph fresh upon us, exert ourselves to act towards our own artistic aspirants In a similar praise worthy manner. The complaint that sordid subjects are esteemed above the fine arts is no new one, by the way, for even In Nero's day Petronlus Arbiter scornfully stmg, "Learning alone, In rags, takes barren pain; and starving asks, the Muse's aid In vain." Surdly we are too' enlightened to allow a similar reproach to be justly applied to our-- selves. 'When he reads that a South- Australian M.P. has been unseated for promising t0 devote his Parliamentary salary to his Par. liamcntary district tlie average citizen may be tempted to grdwl at the increase of Pha. risatsm In the high , places of the law. It sc., a little rellectlon ought to convince him of tin. absolute justice and great expediency of this South Australian decision. A poor member lias to live on his Parliamentary "allowance." A rich one can divide his between the local library, the local bands, and the local chari. ties, and If there Is anything left he can give the town pump a coat of paint; and repair the gold lace on the local Bumble's hat— all thlj he can do with impunity. But If a candidate declares that he will "devote his salary to hq district " he 1b using "undue Influence." As the influence is heavy enough to crush poorer competitors, whom the law encourages to en ter public life. Its use ought to be as much a disqualification as any other breach of the law. Since the upward tendency In the wool mar. ket began to assert itself nothing Is better cat. culated to bring Joy to the heart of the pas. torallst than the prospect opened up by the contents of a telegram from Coolamon. This cheering message declares that owing to the demand in the Sydney market the rabbits bid fair to be cleared out of the district. Forhnps, Indeed, the day Is not far distant when, with closer settlement nnd the development of a taste for "wild rabbit" In our populous towns, tlie omnivorous rodent will become almost ,13 rare an object of preservation as In tlie de mesnes of old England. However visionary this forecast may be, it Is certain that the news from Coolamon presents the most prac tical method of exterminating the pest. Scarcely a week passes without one or other of our police courts affording the sorry spectacle of a sturdy, able-bodied father pointing to a miserable little morsel of hu manity In the dock, and, unblushlngly, ad dressing the bench thus: "He's my son, your Worship, but I have no control over hitn." The amount of care which such parents take to enforce obedience can be gueflsed from the case of the lad who has just declared to an astoulshed bench that he did not go either to ! church or to school; he didn't know what his religion was, and, to all appearance, didn't care. In China the police authorities have a way of Inspiring the parents of such offspring with a due sense of their responsibility. When-a Chinese lad commits a crime tho police dc- not trouble about him at all, but they promptly run In his father, and if the latter cannot put up a good defence' he is bas tinadoed with bamboos until his feet feel as though they had been soaked In hot tar, When he recovers. he passes the punishment 011 to the cause of the trouble, and the latter Seldom offends again. The experiment sanctioned by Albury Council to raise municipal revenue by tin taxation of land values Is one that will ha watched fvith interest by municipalities throughout the colony. Rightly or wrongly, Albury Is credited with a number of single- toxers, who, although not numerous, are per. slstent In the advocacy of their doctrine. Some apology was deemed to be necessary on \tfcls score by the mover of the resolution, who endeavoured to allay the fears of those un favourable to the system by instancing Eng land, Queensland, and New Zealand as coun tries, which had levied taxation In this man ner. Whether the principle will In practice provide all the- advantages that have been claimed for It only time and the ratepayers can determine. It Is said that figures can't lie, but that re mark was never meant to apply to tho figures used In the framing of State Department esti mates. When the Waverley Council applied to have the much-neglected Mllltary-road at Bond! put Into something like decent trim, the Minister for Works replied that he had called for an estimate of the cost of the work, and found It far too high to justify his sanc tioning the Council's request. Nothing daunt ed, the Council thereupon prepared plans nnd specifications for the extension of the road right across the beach, and sent them along, together with the mild Intimation that the cost would be little more than half as high as the estimate prepared by the clever men i.f the department. It Is to be hoped there will be no further delay about this matter, for the discreditable state In which Bondl's naturally beautiful beach and surroundings have been left would shame even a community of Zulus. An awful complaint that, made by the labour deputation to the Minister! Its force Is either discounted or vastly Increased by the fact that It was embodied in statistical record by tlie public statistician eight years ago. The public may well thank the deputation for ven tilating the question by Its declaration that the horrible thing is still in existence. If the community must die that ragpickers may live, It is pathetic. But If it will not pay to clean the rags they pick, then must tho ragpickers be deprived of their precarious living — nnd found a better one. Such a trade Is a dlsgraco to our civilisation. The murder of Mr. Fleming, the Australian missionary, still remains unavenged, and thu Tsung-ll-Yamen continues to parley about Its procedure with Lord Salisbury. The latter insisted that failure to punish the murderers should reuct upon the Governor of ICwei-chau, who It was Insisted, should ' be rqcalldd. To this , tho Ynmen demurred, and now Lord Salisbury lias informed that body that he will not insist upon the recall of the Governor It the chief offender Is adequately punished. Ho can do no less than this. Doubts may pre- vail as to whether zealous envoys of the Gos pel would not do more good among the out cast nnd sin-stricken of their own kith and kin, but so long as China opens her door to our missionaries respect for their lives should bo reasonably assured. While Paul Deroulede Is said to be covertly threatening the Rennes Court-Martial, the Irrepressible Beaurepalre -Is helping him to fall. The poet of Revenge may bo maligned In this. His sudden discovery of the alter native that the Staff must bo very wicked may be without any ulterior motive at all. Certainly such nn attitude Is reasonable be yond question In the light' of facts which M. Deroulede ought never to have questioned. With Beaurepalre's actions It Is different. The ex-judge, who felt such an easy victim to the gossip of the servants' hall, has just set Paris laughing a second time by falling nn easier victim to 1 hoax which "Figaro" has mercilessly exposed. Someone mali ciously gave him "proofs" of Dreyfus' guilt; tie rushed to the court to demand to be heard before the court-martial, and "Figaro" show ed his proofs to be "boguB," and thus is another plot turned aside. The ridicule which kills has suddenly taken the side of Justice In the capital of the nation, which knows the use of ridicule better than any other on this planet. 