THE SCHOOL MAID AND HER " 1 FATHER. 'Qirlfi ate generally oreditcd with being mora dutiful than their brothers to the Wishes of their parents,' probably maternal Influence is responsible for this. Boys MhQOl boys at any rate-are pretty woll all tarred with the same brash, their first step in the direction of striking for liberty not .infrequently amounting to playing truant 'from sohool, or »wagging it," aa it iB ^rsquijatly termed. Whatever the early 'offences of young ladles may be, they have rarely been charged with that of playing trpfcntj As. an instanoo of obedience to paternal wishes may be quoted the fol l.o.isiQg'{-f»Mi88 AllGo Maraer is the daugh* of Mr. George Marner, of .'Laming* ton," Victoria Road, Auburn. Miss Marner bad been .very ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a conti nued languid feeling that made her moBt r-iqiaenblo, In the course of conversation "with a reporter she said Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. VA'rl had'no inclination to do so, there was no fea* of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tunic' given mo with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my |php,uldera and back, and at night I could ,tO%cely get any rest," everything to indaee sleep," in terposed Mr. Marner, " bat it had no effect ; then 1 consulted a well-known Collins Street praotitioner. He said my daughter was Buffering principally from weakness, and, advised a change. Her mother took her~ away for a trip to Queensland, bnt she re turned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; and food taken oould not bo kept down, She lost flesh and *4ftcame a mero ghost." 9 Thfa time laat year," said Miss Alice, " I jWeigbpd ,7ab, Slbs,, now I am Oat, 7ibs." ^tofasthave been beneficial ?" " No; all the mediaine I got did me very little fcood. Actually Br. Williams' pink Sills for pale people deserve that credit, aat before the Jubilee holidaya laafc year, latber bought me a box of Dr. Williams' pink pills at Mr. Pleaaanoo's, Ohapel- atreet, jPrahran. 1 had heard so mnoh of the benefl> oial johaogea which they bad produced in Qtherefft^at obeyed father's wiahea that I Bhonldjba Careful to follow the directions, I am ,gl$dCto, say that they did mo so ranch good that I continued with them, It ia along time sinco I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them ?" "Yssj and that strongly, too," said Mr. M*raer,- *» had I known of Dr. Williams' pink me a hundred pounds." A perusal of the foregoing must have shown you that Dr. Williams' pink pills for palo people accom plish oures after other remedies nad failed. They did it in Mies Marner's case. For iheumatism, influenea, bronohitis. pneu monia, sciatica, lumbago, general weak ness, &c;,, given a fair trial, they never ,disappoint; Avoid substitutes and get the ^genuine pills with all seven words-Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people-printed jlo rtid ink on white outside wrapper. Of obemlstjl and storekeepers, and the Ur, Wil* fllftjos1 medicine Co,, Adelaide, 9.A (els hoses 1 fifteen and threepence, one box two shillings and nineponce, post paid, These are tha pills wWohoufed Miss Marner, improvement ; your treatment 