'i ITEMS OF HEWS. j — O- — : ' ' .. Regarding the Public Service re-classification- scheme, the Premier states that 'after the Re-ll classification Board has heard appeals and pre sented its final determination, the report will be carefully considered by the Government. Tho present salary of no officer would be lowered tn - any position, because it was recommended that the work; was: worth loss. The new rate applieii- to future appbintnienis. -'Regarding promotions : to positions classified .higher than at present, Sir George. Turner said that .there, .would be work for tho Public Service Board, when Parliament passed the Bill relating .to tho scheme brought forward by tho Government. Mr Perniownn, architect for the now munici pal buildings, came, to Castlemaine yesterday and gave directions for some alterations to the stage, so that the scenery ttiay lie pulled tip, instead of it being., attached, to rollers. This ' alteration in cross stays has .the approval of the Board of Health, and as the sconery will bu fixed , up next week, the hall will then bu ready for I dramatic performances or other entertainments. Gradually, are the new Municipal Buildings being utilised for the purposes that brought them into existence. The capacious ground floor room nt tho eastern end of the buildings was yesterday used for tho first timo by tho popular Town Clerk (Major Ry land), that being his office in the future. The office of Mr A. Cornish, tho Borough Surveyor, is adjacent to the Town Clerk's room, and ratepayers will con sequently havo no need to look up these officials at the old Town Hall, which has been (vacated, and whose interior now presents a deserted-liko aspect. Accounts await payment at the Treasury for tho undermentioned — Castleiuatno Borough, Chewton Borough, J. Sheehtui, R. Taylor, S. J. Watkins, G. T. Woolley; J-jDunbar, C. Glad win, J. Heritage, K. Maxwell, \V. J. Crotvder, G. Chapman, A. M. Hill, Gits Co., O. A. North- cote, Yv. H. Noninns, ' G. Pullan, P. Thomson and Son, J. Anderson, W. Aberdeen, H. Gardner, F. M'Killop, H. G. M'Donald, Thomp son and Co. A summons has been issued at the instance of Henry Goldsmith, miner, of Maldon, against the South German Roof Company, claiming L3000 damages. In August last yenr Goldsmith ana a mate named Guymer wore employed in the de fendant company's mine, when a fall of stone injured the former and killed tho latter, whose wife Inst month recovered L10Q0 damages for the loss of her husband, the case lasting three days at Maryborough before Judge Gaunt. The summons issued by Goldsmith is return able for hearing at Maryborough on tho 13th of July. An old man, about ; 70 years of age, named John Faulkner, was brought up at the Taradale Police Court yestorday on a charge of making n criminal attempt oil a little girl sevon years of age, named Margaret O'Brien, and was re manded. The "Traveller," in noticing the appoint ment of Mr Sydney R. Smith, of Castlemaine, to represent Messrs Jas. Sorvico and Co. in the middle district of Victoria, remarks that, " Mr Smith, who has represented Messrs Robert Harper and Co. in tho same district for many years past, is a respected full member of tho O.T. A. of Victoria, and has beon sincerely con gratulated on all sides on his new appointment. He desires us to convey his hearty appreciation of the many expressions of goodwill which have reached him on the occasion." The excessive cost of auditing municipal accounts has been brought prominently forward by tho Gippsland Municipal Association. The total expenditure for adjusting nccounts of 18 shires in this group for four yenrs is shown as L2396, or L5D9 per. year. Mr Ramsay Thomson has just retired from the management of the Long Tunnel mine, Wallialla, after 32 years' service During his managership the amount of gold obtained totalled close on. L2, 599, 999, and the dividends LI, 222, 200. The owners of the Orient line of Royal Mail Steamers have issued, in booklet form, a descrip tion of their new twin screw steamship Omral), which is beautifully illustrated. This latest addition to their noble line is 8291 tons register, 10,000 horse power, and has a. displacement at load line of 13,300 tons. . Slie. is built of tested steel, has a funnel 70 feet high from the boat deck, nearly as high as the Post Office tower; a cellular double bottom, divided into water-tight compartments, extends almost the whole length of the ship,, thus making her practically a life boat. Tho-.li'iVgth of the ship being 507 feet, the promenade deck forms a splendid exercise ground. Fine illustrations .aro given of the drawing-room, dining saloon, 1 promenade deck, and lavatory, wnich present so many luxurious temptations, that passengers on .board of tho Ontrah may be sparod the prayers that tire offered up for those who go down to sea in ships. A few days ago tho not profit of the two Ex hibition concerts for tho benefit of Miss Castles was L960. , The balance-sheet has now been issued, and shows that tho total receipts 'were. L1316, mid "the net profit L975. The principal items of expenditure are ; —Rent for building, L145 ; wages, L20 ; artists' fees, L39 ; advertis-- ing, L28 ; printing, L16 ; totnl, L341. The railways of New South Wales have been convoying sugar from Sydney to the Queensland border at the exceedingly low rate of L2 a ton j for a distance of 500 miles, and this sugar, which originally came from Queensland, was largely consumed in the Queensland holder territory. That Queensland sugar should have to go to Sydney to be conveyed to the inhabi tants of Southern Queensland was such an extra ordinary anomaly that Queensland decided to remove it, and sought to do so by the imposi tion of an import tax of L5 a ton on sugar, and furthermore to prevent wool and hides grown in Southern Queensland from being carried by rail to Sydney tho Queensland Government imposed a heavy export duty on them. The settlement arrived at is that Now South Wales is to abolish the special or differential railway freights, while Queensland will abolish the import and export taxes mentioned. Private letters received in Sydney from Klondike state that half the vessels bearing tho . gold yield of the field have been frozen up in 1 the Yukon River, and that with thefreshetBintlie' spring it is feared moat of the vessels will be smashed to pieces by thejfloating ice. ,A death occurred nt Creswick on Tuesday under very painful circumstances. Mr Sutcliffe, the head teacher of the Springmount State school, was grubbing some old stumps in the playground on Friday last, in order to make a clear spaco fur tho boys to play football in. In doing so. lie strained himself internally, and succumbed.: The deceased leaves a wife and three children. The Full Court hnving decided that the cash value of reversionary bonuses declared, but allowed to accumulate and not actually drawn by policy holders, is not liable to income tax, the Commissioner of Taxes stntes that on application t ho will refund incomo tux so paid during the 12 months prior to tho date of application for the. refund. The question whether, the cash value of'- bonuses declared and drawn by policy holders is liable to pay income tax was not de cided by the Court, but amounts so received are considered by the commissioner to be taxable. . ' George E. Wilson, a railway portor, "was laughing at a joke With a number of other em ployes on the good sheds platform, at Port Adelaide, when ho staggered forward and dropped dead inv tho midst of his companions. Death was due to heart disease. Tho British South Africa Company has re newed its offer to. submit to arbitration the material damage inflicted on the Transvaal |by the Jamieson-raid. The Transvaal Government claimed not. only L677,938 for material daniago, but also Ll.OOD.OOO for " moral" damage, caused by the raid. The ghost scare which recently started in. BnllnraHias extended to the Buriinyong district.- At Mount 0 ear on Sunday night a young; man, when returning homeward along a lone! v- track,, encountered a tall object, with wings. The " Phantom," tho young man informed t ii . police, performed a kind of stop dance, Afuo gazing nt the figure for some seconds lie collapsed with fright, 'from the effects of which he has not yet quite recovered; . ' ; ... Mr George Reid addressed one of the largest :tneetings ever seen in Albtiry lit the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday night. , The building was ; packed in every part, tho audienco including; somo hundreds of ladies. In the course of his speech, Mr Reid mot with no interruption, and: at its conclusion there was ii remarkable detnon- . strntion. The Premier callod for a vote, where upon the audience rose in a body, and n solid forest of hands was held up,' amidst long and , continued cheoring,. waving of lmts, liiindkor- chiefs, &c.;, terminating with cheers for Mr . Roid, Mr Barton, and union. 