FOR MAN OR MASTER? Seth Blythe was in trouble. He had fallen in love with the Bame rosy-cheeked, bright-eyed damsel as his master. Trne. Seth had been first in the field. and could remember carrying Nancy on his shoulder through the factory yard when she was a tiny golden-haired tot of scarcely half a dozen summers ; but that did not alter the state of things in the least, fibster and man had fixed their affections on the same tantalising wisp of fiokle femininity ; and the man — as was simply natural in such circumstances — went to the wall. Nancy herself had, in reality, very little voice in the matter. In the sammer she lived chiefly out of doors in the farmers' fields, listening to the Bleepy hum. of the mowing machines, with a big hat tied under her bewitching chin to keep the freokleB away. The wires were pulled by her mother. Stern necessity and an nn- duly heavy family had convinced Mrs Henderson that half the sorrows of life are the direct result of " love in a cot tage ; " perhaps, too, at odd moments her anxiety to see her daughter married to the rich owner of the mills was tinged by a shrewed appreciation of the advantages to be derived by herself through such a match. The millowner, Mr Grant, was young enough and handsome enough, and as far as it went the affair was all right. The only drawback was that it was rather rough on Seth Bly the , who had loved the girl in his lnmbering way before she was oat of tbe cradle so to Bpeak. The man took in the situation slowly. His friends were not baokward in point ing out that he hadn't the ghost of a chance with Nancy ; but he wanted to hear her say it with her own lips. And to this end he followed her into the fieldB one evening as the sun was set ting, and began putting it to her to see how the ground lay. "Nancy, my girl," he said, "money isn't everything in life, nor a grand posi tion either. I've heard things said about you and Mr Grant which I don't believe, because I think you've got more sense in your pretty little head ; and as well as that, dear, somehow or other you Beem to belong to me. You've Beemed to belong to me for years " The girl laughed mischievously. Seth's quaint speech contrasted queerly with the smooth, well-rounded sentences of Mr Grant. " What have you heard said about us, Seth r she asked, looking up at him with a shy glance of vanity-aprung curiosity. He gazed down into the upraised face heavily. She had never blushed like that for him. " Oh, heaps of things, Nancy. Tom Bonlton said you were going to marry the master — he said he had it from Mr Grant's valet. I nearly knocked Tom head over heelB. I said he had better not be put ting such a lie among the men, as you were my girl, and I meant to held on to yon." . He pot his arm round Nancy's waist, as if he meant to hold her in reality as well as figuratively. But with a swift movement and a flar ing blush she sprang from his embrace and leaned against a stile panting. " You mustn't, Mr Blythe 1 It's true. He asked me to marry him, and I said 1 Yob." She made the confession half guiltily ; for Se.h's honest burning eyes rather die concerted her. He seemed to read through her and see her seoret, that she was sell ing herself for gold. fie drew np and stood away. Prasently, however, he returned. His tanned face looked pale. " You'll rue it, my girl," he said. " But I dea't holier it's year own deings. And if ever you want a true friend in your grand position send for me and I'll come to you." " Why should I rue it 1" she called after his retreating fignre. " Mr Grant is as good a man as yon are any day 1" - Whether he heard or not she couldn't tell, for he neither lifted his bowed head nor looked back. But as Nancy crept indoors she shivered. Seth's words had chilled her like a prophecy of evlL II. There waB a good bit of dissatisfaction in the mills. Strikes were becoming fashionable in that part of the country ; and, grievance or no grievance, whgn the fever to strike got into a labour centre the men just struck. In this case there was a grievance — real or imaginary — of under paid wages, and the ringleaders of the agitation came to Seth Blythe one even ing to enlist his sympathies. The man rested a big boot on a bench in the factory yard, and with his elbow on his knee he snrveyed the little party scornfully. "Call yourselves men to 'go out 'for an excuse like that"?" he thnndered. " Why don't yon go openly to the master and tell . him what ails you ? You're a pack of sneaking cowards 1" "The master 1" one of the group sneered. " Yon ought to croak about the master, Seth Blythe ! Who ' sneaked ' Bauoy little Nancy Henderson from be hind your baok I Bbould like to know ?" Seth's powerful fist clenched it3elf over his knee, bat his hand fell without striking oat. The man who had spoken was a stunted, half-crippled specimen of hu manity, and his tauntiug reference to Nancy was on that account allowed to paBs. "Yes, Blythe," another of the agita tors putin, "yon owe Mr Grant some thing for that basinesB. Haven't you any spirit, man?" Seth langhed. Unconsciously his hand swept slowly across his eyes. "What's the use of talking of 'spirit' with a woman in the question 1" he asked dally. As the days went on the strike became more and more imminent. Setb watched the fanning of the flame of discontent with aching eyes. They were going to injure the master and Nancy loved b<m. Everything that lay within his power to avert the impending catastrophe he did, despite the jeers of the other men. " You're a fool for your pains, Blythe,'' a chum told him one evening. " You might as well swim with the tide as go against it." And his chnm was right ; for even the hand of the master was tnrned against him now. On one or two occasions when Seth had met Nancy in the field and tried to pre pare her a little for the trouble that was dawning at the works, Mr Grant had hap pened to meet them together, and he made the mistake of regarding the man's earnest and guarded conversations as a cause for an exhibition of jealousy. "That brute is altogether too familiar, Nancy," he said to the girl severely. "Yon must never let him talk to you again. The sooner we are married the better, it seems to me !" " Seth ?" Nancy answered in surprise at his looks and tone, " Seth— familiar ? Why I have known him almost ever Bince I was born." And Nancy'B expression remained thoughtful for the reBt of the evening. IH. " Well ?" demanded the master. " 1 am waiting to hear what has brought yon to my house at this hour of the night, Mr Blythe. No doubt you have an important communication to make to me oonneoted jwith the mills, dome along, my good fellow, don't stand fidgeting there all the evening while my dinner cools 1 What'B the matter?" -.ygl Seth's eyes had fixed themselves on a pile of red brick buildings that were being blotted by the quickly falling twilight ; his gaze did not remove itself from the win dow, but he explained his presence with a briefness that made his companion spring to his feet. 4 " There's a strike on foot, Mr Grant. I believe the men are mad. Ij heard a rumour juBt now that they meant to fire the factory 1 Good heavens 1 look there 1" He had swept aside the curtains of the window, and .the two men, standing side by side saw a thin white tongue of smoke lick the long roof of the red building almost from end to end. Seth realised that his warning had come too late. The cowardice, of the thing seemed to half stun him. But he was the first to rouse himself. " Come along, sir ! We must do some thing. Perhaps everybody isn't out ; we must help." By the time they airived on the scene an excited crowd already filled the fac tory yard and huddled in the fields around watching the growing fiames with fascina ted helplessness. Nobody was doing any thing. Seth fought his way into the midst, of the throng, dragging the master after him, .and in a second or- two he was thundering directions and commands at the top of his voice, and' what is more, they were being obeyed without protest. Suddenly hiB powerful shout ceased, and for an hutant, save for the roar of the hissing fiames above their heads, the night was still. Then there came a shriek, a panic-stricken cry of horror. A little group of laces had just appeared at the window of the master's private office. Even Seth Blythe was for the moment affeoted by the general panic; then he suddenly turned to Mr Grant. " Yon could reach them quicker than anyone elBe here, sir," he Bald qdietly. " You can go through the passages with your patent keys — no one elBe under stands them. I picked them up off your desk as we rushed out, in case they might be wanted. Here they are, sir." Reginald Grant's white hand was ex tended nervously. He fidgeted the keys between his fingerB without moving ; his limbs seemed to have shrunk together and made him look smaller. " There Isn't a minute, sir. You ought to go at once Saddenly Seth's big hand descended on the master's shoulder. He swung Mr Grant round, and by the light of the flames he peered sharply into his colourless face. "Great heaven I — funky!" he whis pered. "Wty should I risk my life for— a pack af.beasts like that 1" Grant stam mered. " I won't. You go yourself." In another Becond-.. the man had Bnatched the keys back out of the master's hand, and the few people of the crowd near enough to Bee the big figure diving into the -building through the blinding smoke and glare sent forth a faint cheer, that was taken up behind as a sort of outlet to pent-np excitement., Mr Grant shrank baok a little into the throng ; he wanted to lose himBelf. A- hand touched his sleeve, and he looked down into tbe blanohed, horrified face of Nancy Henderson. "You coward I" the girl hissed. "I ' saw it all ; you let him go to save your self 1 Yon sent him to certain death rather than make an effort when you might have done so in safety 1" "My dear child, remember I had you to think of," he shouted baok. The roar of the fire was deafening. . " You thought of me 1 I don't believe you. Yon thought of yourself — only yourself! I hate you!" . Slewly Seth Blythe same haek te life from his exhaustion and burrs ears there seemed to be still rWJ emotion-swept, howling cheer J ;£>>> w dow of the master's office and kH lowenng a half- lifelesa body down! the crowd with the rope which had thr ust into his hand as he ffiM the building. VBQ11 ' Two more bodies followed, and th J the last stage of exhaustion, he haXI lection of a panic-stricken silence Li crept over the sill himself ahdTJ slowly : descending hand over hand dol the.already fraying rope. Suddenly a blinding blaat of' ill swept across his face and hands - he H a sensation of being scorched from bl to foot— then presently something cl and sweet caressed his tanned forehd his eyes opened in the quiet of MrsM derson's-little sitting-room, and he undl stood that the cool thing he haa felt I Nancy's soothing fingen. 1 "Dear," he whispered, then he red lected and sighed. J But Nancy swept the slghont of! by bending down and kissing d solemnly, with her eyes wet and shliJ " If you'll have me, Seth," sheiald, " marry you." And in! a month the simple cereal took place. . 