The Protestant Missions in the By His Eminence the Cardinal. BEING A PLAIN STATEMENT OF FACTS DEMANDED BY THE : MINISTERS OF SYDNEY. FIRST LETTER. THE WESLEYANS AMONG THE FJJIANS. ' Sir,— The meeting held in tho Town Hall on Tuesday evening reoalls the tribe maxim : ' When you have a bad case, make sure to abuse the plan tiffs attorney.' As far, as I could glean from the' reports .in the publio press, plentiful abuse has been meted out to me by the various speakers, but no attempt whatever has been made to reply to my statements regarding the Protestant mis sions in tho islands of the Pacific. What the ridiculous results of tho meeting nmv be. it is not for me to say. But it appears that the meeting of tho prophets of Baal in olden times was tho very typo of Tuesday evening's meeting. ' Shout loudor' was the admonition of Eli as to the false prophets. He would probably give the same advice to the conductors of tho latest Pro testant united service in the Town Hall. Any statements that I have made in regard to the missions in the Paoifio, so far from being contrary to tho principles of Christi anity and publio morality, havo had for their sole purpose to set matters in their true light. Preaohers who have mado largo fortunes in those islands and their descendants, and those also who are interested in missionary oollootions, will very naturally feel hurt at the truth .being told. Whilst, however, 1 use my efforts to unmask tho humbug and exaggerated statements of missionary adventurers, I consider that it is the thanks of my Australian fellow -citi/jons that 1 morit and not ?thoir oonsuro. At times, however, words havo been imputed to me whioh X Pdid not use. In my speech at Rodforn, as reported in some of tho newspapers, a spooilio ohargo was made against tho Samoan missionaries. That ohargo ia tho work of tho reporters, and not mine, I was particularly careful to avoid referring to tho missionaries on that oooasion. I have always said that, engaged on this mission-Hold, men of oarnostnoss, honost purpciso and good faith deserve the higlioat commenda tion. Tho labours of such men will I trust bo fruitful, and their work will remain tho heritage of true missionaries. But viewed as a whole, those Protestant missions aro manifestly tho work of man, and not tho work of God. To justify any hard words that I may have used, I will endeavour, as briefly na tho occasion will allow, to proHonh a picture of a few of thoBO island missions. I do not expoob to convert tho promoters of Tuosday's mooting. To thorn my only words aro the Prophet's advice, to whioh I. havo roforrod. But 1 am confident that our respaobablo Protestant follow-clti/ans, in stoad of talcing offonoo, will bo grateful to mo for the skotoh whioh I givo. Tina Boon O.I'ions, I will begin with Fiji, not only booauoo it is a British colony, moi'o olosoly oonnootod with Australian intercuts than the other island groups of bhoPauillo, but also because it is a mission Hold whoro many of tho Wes loyan -prociohers have made their fortunes, and in whioh our Protestant friends take special prido, An Anglioan olorgyman in 1800, writing of tho Fijian mission in ' Parts of the Pacific,' doolarod it to be ' tho nobl ost work of the kind that Christendom had over witnosaod.' Tho Rev, Mr. Lqyobt, in his ' Primer of Modern Missions' (London, 1800), stylos it 'ono of tho monb impressive triumphs over tho ovil heart of man to bo found in all Its long and marvellous annals.' , Rev. Mr. '.Dennis presents it as ' an example of what God's grace has accomplished among us,' And at a .missionary mooting hold horo in Sydney only a few months ago (Miaroh, ,1800), a Wouloyan clergyman giwo thoae missions ixnsblntod praiHo i 'Tho Ifijian mission,' ho said, 4- was ono of tha grandest of tho Christian ota, Its triumphs wore not HiirpaMsod by any initmlan in tho world, oithor in tho proHonb or paHb ooiibit rlos.' iSui'oly, thon, lam justified in baking the Fijian mission no a toat oaso, , Tho history of tho first Probonbanb at tompbs to ovangollHo tho Fljiuns may bo briefly told. In tho yoar 1.707 tho famoiiH miuBlonary uhlp Duff lauded olovon English and BcottiHh minsloiiurloH on ono oi bho inlands. Buarouly hud tho whip taken )tn dopai'turo, when ono oi' tho party bogan to provarlcato, and very hooii by hi« open im morality ho Houndalluod not only IiIh whlto friends, but even the natives themselves. In a few weoks he was found murdered in the native hut whioh he had made his home. Another of the party named Vason avowed himself an infidel and identified himself with the pagan natives. In the words of the Rev. Dr. Brown in ' History of the Protestant Missions,' ho ' mingled with tho heathen, showing a strong disposition to loam their ways, in which he at length made a woeful proficiency, and threw off the mask of Chris tianity completely.' (Vol. 2, page 200 ) Three of the other missionaries were mur dered in quarrels that arose. The survivors took roftigo in New South Wales, devoting themsKlves to pastoral pursuits. Ruv. Dr. Lang completes their history : ' Mission aries,' ho says, ' who had been sent forth with tho prayorB of tho British publio and the benediction of the London Missionary Society, to convert the heathen in the numerous islos of the Paoifio, were at length found, oonvorted themselves into stars of tho fourth or fifth magnitude, in the ooristol lationa Arios and' Taurus; or, in other words, in tho sheep and cattle market of New South Wales,' The only memorial that these first missionaries loft after them in Fiji was a forgo. It was probably tho emblem of the oratt in whioh niosb of them wore better skilled than in preaching the Gospel, Unmsu thm Wkslkvans. The first Wesleyan missionaries landed in Fiji in .1822, but tho mission does nob ap pear to have formally oommonoed till 1835, It isthoir boast that, through their efforts, within 20 years the ?whole island was prac tically Christian, cannibalism beingabolishcd, and no fewer than .1.20,000 natives being reckoned among tho .Church attendants. Thoro are, however, somo disagreeable facts which go fur to prove that the Wosleyan lotu adopted by the natives was rather a venoor for paganism than a sincere oonver-.. sion, Even since .Fiji booamo a British colony Bomo of tho tribes have indulged in oannabaliHm, It is not so long ago that a .tribe refused to pay tho cotton-tax, and pood Wosloyann though they claimed to be, they killed and ate tho European collectors who ventured amongst them, Julian Thomas tells of the dealings of tho' high chief Maafu with 'the native minister, a man of groat fervour, who beoumo oonvinood after muoh study of tho Scriptures, that ho waa a saint, and that angelio powers wore oonforred upon him,' A British Blue Book as latoasi J.8S0, gives an account of tho fan atic Navosavakadua, who sought, wibhoub renouncing Wosleyanism, to revive all the old orgies of (Paganism. In bho words of tho Royal Commission, ' ho compounded a now i religion out of old Fijian myths and Biblical storios.' Thousands gathorod round him, and it was only when he and more than a hundrod of his followers were Bhob down that tho new lotu collapsed, Ono of tho last acts of Sir John Thurston as Governor was to crush a somewhat similar attempt at tho revival of cannabalism and paganism, Tho gradual decay of the' population undor tho rogimo of the Weslyan mission aries cannot be questioned, One island whioli booamo a mission Btrongholcl had in former tiinoa 2000 natives j itlias at present soarooly 200, Tho missionaries in .1.840 reckoned tho Fijian population at 200,000. In .1870, in tho official WeBleyan report, l)ho- number of natives was estimated at 150,000. Later, at tho Woaloyan Jubilee oelobration in .1.885, tho population is given at 110,000, The Government oonsun in 180.1. reports tho wholo native population as ,i04,802, The Statoomau's Year Book for 1809 gives tho latent official ostimato us 00,773, ? Thus in half a century the population has dwindled to ono half. As regards tho numboi.1 of Woaluyan adhoronbs, from thoir original osl/lmato of 120,000, they had boon roduaad in 1870 to 105,000 j in July, 1805, tho secre tary of bho Australasian WoMloyan Booioty roportu thoir total number uu 00,000, whilst ho rookonH tho Oatholias nt only 2000, Howovor, tho StaboHiimn's Yoar Book just roforrod fco sufllalonbly rofubuH bho latter part of his atatomoiib, for it glvoii tho numbor of OatholloH In ]H07 (tho hvboHti available official roturiiH) as 0,325, Tina OatiioijIO Mjhh/on, Tho Hoy. Mr, Langham, uh reported in the Sydney press on April 18, 1898, made the publio announcement that 'the educa tion of the Fijians was entirely in the hands of the Wesley an mission.' Here we have a definite statement, but it is one whioh can easily be shown to be quite inconsistent with the facts of the case. The Bishop of Fiji, Right Rev. Dr. Vidal, when passing through Sydney in 1890, gave to the' press a report of the Catholic Mission, in which he says that tho 29 resident missionaries, all members of the Society of Mary, are assisted by a largo number of oatechists in teaching reading and writing, etc., as well as re ligion. There were, then seven Marist Brothers engaged in teaohing, besides 140 native teachers. There were also 23 Euro pean Sisters, and 17 native nuns. At each' missionary station there was a sohool, and these schools were well attended; for in stance, there were at the Wairiki Schools 100 children, at Solevu 100, at Oawari 70, at Rewa 100. At the close of the preceding scholastic year the Chief Justice, who pre sided at the distribution of prizes, pro nounced a singular eulogy of the Catholic schools, as reported in the Fiji 'Times.' Among other things, he said : '? I have been exceedingly impressed with the good work that is being done among us by the Sisters and Brothers. I think it must be a subjeot of great comfort to the parents to have here settled among us the ladies of tho con vent, who devote time, energy, learning,., and the most delicate attention to the edu cation, of their girls. It is evident to me that the Catholio inhabitants are exceed ingly fortunate in having such schools and teachers for their children. I wish these schools all the success that is due to the oare and attention that i9 abundantly bestowed upon them.' I. will only add to oomplete this picture that the 'Statesman's Year Book ' for 1899 gives the following Fijian details : ' One hundred and thirty- six schools aro conducted by the Roman Catho lic Mifision, the number of day-scholars being 1705 in 1897. The Roman Catholio mission also maintains three schools for Europeans, at which -138 ohildren received instruction . during 1897. These mission sohools receive no State aid.' What then becomes of the statement that Fijian eduoa Iiion was entirely in tho hands of the Wos leyans ? A Contrast, As I am speaking of statistics, I may here refer to another statement of Mr. Langham, on whioh he has repeatedly laid very speoial stress, The European Wooleyan clergy, ho says, wero bub a handful compared with tho numerous band of Catholic missionaries, and ynt they have obtained the grandest re sults. Now it is quite true that the Euro pean WeBloyan preachers are few, but that is only part of tho truth, for they em ploy a whole army of natives, aqveral of whom rank as misssipnaries. The Rev. James Oalvert, Wesleyan missionary in Fiji for many years, in a narrative of the work carried on in thone islands, published soon after his domiBO in 1802, gives tho number of Wosloyan agents! 'With only nine white missionaries,' ho writes, 'wo have 13011 native preaohors. Sixty-five of these aro fully ordained to tho work of the ministry.' Ho addu that bosidos those ' there aro 3200 devoted olass- loaders, who instruct the oateohumens, and '2010 sohool- toaohors.' Assuredly such an army of agents, each one of whom has his respective pay, must bo supposed to accomplish a groat deal in stay ing the progress of the Catholic mission. The 'Statesman's Year Book' for .1.899 gives the statistical returns ab the present day: 'Tho Weslbyan Mission establish ment,' it says, 'oomprisos 11 European missionaries, 70 native ministers, 03 oate ohists, .1077 toaohors, 2042 local preaohora, and 4084 clatm-loaders.' In contrast to this huge army tho Catholic array of mission aries is bub scanty indeed. The ' States man's Year Book' jusb referred to, gives tho following statistics) 'Tho Roman Oabholio mission has 28 Europaan miniBtors, 180 native teachers, and 24 European Slsboro,' Tho Wosloyans alno boast of tho. numbor of ohurohos and other religious edifices which they have erootod throughout tho Fijian Islands, Rov. Mr. Oalvert states that in 180.1. thoro woro ' 1322 chapels and other preaching plaooH,' The ' Statesman's Year Book ' for 1809 gives tho numbor aB '972 ohurohos and 330 other proaohing placos,' in all 1311. It is bo be remarked, howovor, that the quality of tho odlfloo is nob always such as a spirit of religion would suggest for tho House of God, A visitor to tholslands in 1807 roporbB that many of the Wesloyan ohurohos are mere native huts, bub so wrobohedly oonsbruotod that oven the natives would not uso them for dwellings. Tho marketable value of bhoso so-oallod ohurohoH would nob be more than sixponoo each. Tho natives of lato yoaru have begun to complain that the largo amount whioh they oonbrlbubb 'for religion is all' spent on the missionaries and their wives and children, and that muoh of it goos abroad, The contributions of bho Wosloyan natives alono to. the. Mission fund in six years, ending in 180(1, amounted to very near iC26,000. They may well ask what haw boon dono wibh all bnis monoy ? Tho OaUiolio natives on tho other hand aro HHkorl to oonbributo but Hbtlo, and bhatlitblo \h all Hpont for bho ornamonb of roligion and bho bonoflb of tho people. Ab an aaHombly of chiofM, hold somo time ago, thin complaint was bliUH J'orolbly oxproHHodi ' .How does ib happen that) wo havo mioh poor (ihurohos for our roliylon— wo who glvo ho much to our mlnlHtorH~whilo tho Outliollon, who glvo nothing to thoir prloHto, have inagiiiflooiib ohurohoH with turrotfj and bolln,' On that oooaalon a Wosloyan Roko, or provincial governor, from the eastern islands of the Archipelago, took occasion to pronounce his verdict : '? Our religion is not the true one ; it is d religion of money ; the true religion is the religion of the Catholio missionaries.' The Effects, Muoh might be said in proof that nominal Christianity is the main result, in so far as religion is concerned, of the Wesleyan mis sionary toil in Fiji. I will cite, however^ only Protestant witnesses that .thus there may be no suspicion of religious bias in the statements that are made. Mr. Britton, in his ' Fiji in 1870 ' (published in Melbourne), gives an interesting account of his visit to those islands. The conversion of the natives to Christianity was, he states, 'a purely political step,' necessitated by their obedience to Thakombau. Some tribes whioh succeeded in freeing themselves from his authority resumed their pagan practices. Of the Wesleyan and Roman Catholic mis sions, he remarks, ' the Fijians, in their own concise way, distinguish the two faiths by oalling the Wesleyan ' no lotu .wai-wai,' that is, 'the oily religion,' and tho Roman Catholics c no lotu Popei,' that is, the 'Pope's religion.' ' The great bulk of the Wesleyan converts, he states, are nothing more than nominal Christians ; and he adds : 'Under the missionary teaohings the Fijians have made very little progress, sooially and politically, excepting of course in tho abandonment or the worst outward horrors of heathenism, as cannibalism, &o.; Their way of living in the vast majority of cases is as filthy as it was in the heathen times, and it seems as if in these, matters they are almost inoapable of improvement. Nor oan bhe missionaries look forward to the future with much hope. They see the Fijians becoming worse instead of better. Drunkenness is fearfully ou the increase, and though the foul diseases of European vice and over orowding have not yet appeared in Fiji, yet the natives aro rapidly decreasing.' Of one of the native chiefs who was most aotive in colleobing for the missionary fund, he tells us that in point of morality he was ' a very heathen ' : and ho relates of the King Thokombau himself, that long after ho had become a fervent Wesleyan he suggestively reminded an importunate European oreditor that the flesh of the white man was as sweet as tho ripe banana. Dr. Borthold Seemaii, who was Commis sioner to Fiji in 1800, in his ' Aooount of . a Government Mission to tho Fijian Islands,' states that tho Wesleyan Mis sionary Society derived a revenue of £1200 a yoar from tho sale of ooooanub oil, and bhab ' Mr. Binnor, a Wesleyan braining master, owns large bracts of land, and a great many small islands.' , Of the native toaohors ho writes that ' their oonduot has ? often boon in direct contradiction to their profession of Christianity.' Tho conversions to Wi'sloyan Chris tiariity wore merely nomi nal. He instances bhe people of Burebu who ' embraced Christianity, bub when at a subsequent dabe tho town rebelled against Bau bhey beoamo aposbatos ; nor did bho resborabion of poaoo make bhem relinquish their pagan religion, and they had at tho bime of our visit; one of tho finest temples in tho wholo group.' Ono of the groat chiefs assured him 'bhoro were very few Christians in tho group, and ho hated hypocrisy.' Tho motive of belief assigned by a loading chief, as recorded' ? by ?; Browne in his 'History of tho Mis sions,' harmonises wibh this account; ^ho , Wesloyan missionary asked bhe chief did , ho believe in bho Christian brubhs. Ho 'replied1: ' True I every thing is true bhab oomes from bho White man's country : muskebs, and guns, and powdor, aro brue, and your religion musb bo brue.' Somid Illustrations, ' Ten months in the Fiji Inlands,' by Mrs, Smyfcho, the wifo of anobhor Royal Com missioner bo Fiji, tolls us (page 173) that 'bhe VVosleyan missionaries in Fiji confine bheir offorts almost entirely to imparting religious inBbruobion, making libblo or no abbompb bo baaoh bho arts of oivilixod life.' She adds : 'Ib is natural, where subscribers, bo Mission Soolebies aro oxpaabanb of highly ooloured reports, and so olamorous for a yearly tale of converts, that bhe missionaries should rather diroob their oflbrbs to oolloot. rooruits bhan bo brain ooldiors. . ..It appears to us that these . converts prosume a good deal on thoir pro' fession of Ohristianiby,' She gives an amuBing example of ' bhe imperfeCb ac quaintance' or tho nabivo proaohers with thoir new religion, An American settlor at Lakomba, an imporbanb missionary station, had shob and aarriod off a pig belonging bo a native. The brlbo being Wosloyan oon- : verbs doputod thoir preacher to romonstrabo wibh him, Ho donned his besb oflloial dresa and proceeding bo bho Amerioan's houseset forth* in a long harangue bhe enormity^of tho orimo, The Amorioan Hsboned wibh rospeobful abbenbion, and blmnked bhe preacher for bho forqiblo exhortation, Bub, ho addod, the pig is ;]usb now baked, so you will ploaao sib down and invoke a blessing on what God has sont, The preaohor, % swayed by tho irrosisbiblo lovo of all Fijians for roaab pork, bowod his head and rooibod a long graoo, after whioh tho bwo culprits mado a hoarby moal on tho stolon pig, Miss Gordon Gumming relates nor ox« ? porlonco ab a Wosloyan service in Vanua Balovu s ' Our tondonoy to laugji was only conquorod by our disgust, on Booing a regular vorgor armod with a long stick, who periodically rono from hio IcnooH and walked about luliiiiniHboring a roHouuding blow to any young woman who wan not doubled up, at what ho oIioho bo ooiiBldor tho orthodox anglo of devotion ; whilo right in front of the pulpit was planed a bench, on which sat a row of the principal men, all dressed in hideouB black coats and trousers, and who never pretended to kneel at all; but the verger took oare not to see them, and confined his dis3iplinarian attentions to the women.' At another mission feast at Vanua Levu she witnessed the fervent piety \ of an ex-cannibal convert : he 'crept close to Mr. Laugham (the celebrant), and then, : as if he could not refrain, he put out his ; hand and stroked him down the thigh, licking his lips, and exclaiming with delight : ' Oh, but you are nice and fat.' ' Mr. Julian Thomas, in ' Cannibals and Convicts' (London, 1S86), explains how ib is that so many of the Fijian natives desire to be employed in the Wesleyan ministry : ' The position of a native minister,' he says, 'is one to be coveted by his follows. It gives in many things as much power as that possessed by the chiefs. The native pastor is always well fed, and has always the pret tiest wife. The softest mat, the fattest pork, tho biggest yam was his ; and the youngest and prettiest females awaited on him to do him honour.' He met one of those native pastors on the river Rewa, sailing in niagnifioenb style in a double canoe, sleep ing on a couoh, with two native maidens fanning him. He could not forbear ' smaok ing him on the baok, with the advice given by a bullock-driver to a late Governor of, Victoria : ? You've got a very good billet, old chap} you stick to it.'' He gives the fol lowing specimen of the sermon of a native Fijian teaoher : ' See what Christianity has done for us ; wo have a big ship to oome and visit us, and bring us olothand beads. Mr. Brown has a big house, and is a powerful ohief j all this- has been given us ; then how good a thing Christianity is.' Aa Auglican clergyman, who did duty for a time in Fiji, in his work ' Parts of the Paoifio' (London, 1896), already referred to, states that even the high chiefs who were converted had very erroneous idaas of Christian praotioe or Christian truth. One high ohief, he says, explained his belief in the Trinity as follows : 'Ho had learned to believe in one true God, who had two sons, by name tho Holy Ghost and Christ.' Another very religious ohief was so advanced in civilisa tion that he resolved to have a set of artifi olal'teeth. Ho insisted, however^ on haying ' tho old teeth buried with , full religious litual, including a long sermon.' In accord ance with Fijian usage at a chief's inter ment, a lordly banquet followed : 'Pigs galore wore devoured by the numberless sympathising friends, who had oome to pay tho last tribute of affeqbion nnd respect to the lamented teeth, But an unexpected feeling of disapprobation suddenly marred tho peace and solemnity of the proceedings, when it came to be known that the parti ally- interred gentleman hnd not only killed all his own hogs to supply tho liberal board, bub had robbed his neighbours' piggeriea; too, far and near,' (p. 236)' The same writer adds that ' woman is atiil . tho inferior animal in Fiji. Natives have not boon christianised long enough yet,' for the women to havo been raised to the honourable position allotted to thorn by -Christianity. ' Of tho native Wosleyans at Levuka ho pronounces tho favourable judg ment ! 'I am ponmaded that tho most ?fastidious missionaries of any seot would consider thoir salvation secured 5 for were they not all clad in European clothing of the latest out.' I will only add that a commission of in quiry in it? roport last year assigned immo » rality as ono of the main oauses of tho decrease of population in Fiji. Even tho nativo chiefs' had at times complained of this, and at one of thoir Rokos or assemblies they rnisod their voices against it. Whon .1 referred to this lubber fact .in the begin ning of last yonr, letters in tho publio press , accused me of oaluminating tho Wesleyan 'Mission, and yet I was merely assorting a fact vouohed for by Rev. Mr. Lancham hhmolf, Tho Fiji ' Times ' published Mr. Langham's report on the Wesloyan sorvloos at Bau in 1884, in which he re fers to 'the expulsion of a largo number of ohuroh members for Immorality, an evil whioh wo deeply regret to say is becoming of more frequent occurrence. ., , , . and is exerting, such a baneful in fluenoo upon tho social and religious life of many around, that it scorns to us that/wo shall not havo done 0m1 duty until public ?attention han boon directed to this growing evil, and publio opinion has boon evoked against it. Wo are thankful that the oliiofs bhornsolvos htvvo spoken strongly in thoir roooub annual counoil against the existence and spread of thin cliHgraooful immorality, and that some of our rospootablo colonists aro also .expressing their disapprobation of its toloi'ation,' This extract will bo found In the ' Sydney Morning Herald,' of No vember H, 1884. ' Dmsmoiiawino T.mo Bijiwsiau EuaiiAnrHi'. To roror to one only of tho religious abuHos that prevail, I do not know that any thing can bo inoro painful than tho accounts which wo road of tho desecration of tho Biassed KuolmrlBt), not only among the 'PratoHtant Boots in Fiji, but indeed 1/hroufJth out all tho island groups of tho Paoifio, The Anglican olorpymari alroady referred to ('PartH of tho Paolfle,' pago 257), donor! boo h!s vislli to tho Wosloyan BlHhoij at Bau, ono of tho nioHb important Wesley an mis sionary Htatlons of Fiji, This so-oallod Biflhop wan no other than Row Mr, Lang hum, well-known in Sydnoy, His houso was on tho summit of a hill overlooking the bay, 'At toa (thus rutm tho narrativoj his rovorenoe gave me oaken made of (lalo. mugar-juico, and ooaoauuts, which ho tola me he uses together with cocoa milk at the Sacrament, there being neither bread nor wino in the land, except in white men's towns.' The Wesleyan Bishop appoars*to have had a speoial rubric. In other parts of Fiji a different usage prevails. Miss Gordon Gumming, in 'At Home in Fiji,' writes: ' The elements used aro Fijian bread, gen erally of arrowroot and boeoanub, and for wine the very weakest olaret and water, it being illegal to give a drop of wine or spirits to any native,' This abuse of the Sacra mental rite, rts T have said, is not oonfined to Fiji. Rev. Mr. Ellis tells us of the course whioh he pursued in his tour through tho Paoifio Islands : ' We felt no hesitation,' ho says, ' in using the roasted or baked bread-fruit, pieces of whioh were placed in .the proper vessel.' He adds that some of his brother clergymen were under tho necessity of 'substituting the juioe of the ooonanut for that of the grape.' In tho Tahiti Islands the use of the broad-fruit appears to have been general in the Protestant olmrohes. The native name for the bread-fruit is mayoro, and in the Protestant version of tho Gospels in the Tahitian language, the sacred text is corrupted so as to justify their usage, At the last supper (we there read) the Re deemer ' took raayoro into his hands and blessed it, &o;,' In Chain Island where the bread-fruit tree does nob grow, the ministers use the fruit of tho cocoa instead of broad, aud the ooaoanut juioo instead of wino. In ftho Island of Rapa, the Eucharist is administered with the taro, a root re sombling tho turnip or large potato, Mrs. David in her interesting' work on 'Funa- futi' (London, 1SO0) tells us of the London Missionary Society manner of administering the Holy Communion, at whioh she was prosonti in that island i 'The pastor in charge stood in front of a rough llbtlo table whioh had some kind of vassals on it, covered with a soiled sheet of once white oalioo, He addressed his flock briefly, then ho revorontly raised tho grimy oover, and revealed a sight whioh filled mo with horror, though one swift glanao round tho congregation assured mo that they saw nothing out of tho usual way on tho table, Tho taro, which was to take the place of broad, was plaoocl on two soiled enamelled plates 5 tho cocoa-nub julco, whioh took tho place of wine, wau in a brown orookory tea-pot with a broken lid and spoil b j and tho oups wore just tho common Gorman boor glasses with thoit1 mofcal tops broken,' In Tonga, water barely coloured with wino in used. It is re lated that at the solemn Wosloyan adminis tration of tho Eucharist in Nukualofa, at whioh tho now King, George tho Second, took par)), ho on roootvlng tho broad put it in his pocket, and he' dealt with tho well watorod wine in n- far moro summary manner, Perhaps, however, we should not be surprised at thoso sacrilegious innova tions on tho part of tho Wosloyans- and Independents, for it few years ago tho head of tho Angllaan Ohuroh at Hongkong advo oatorl tho ua'o of toa in bho Eucharist instead nf wino, and .tho Anglloan Bishop of Nwlsqn, Dr, Hophouso, relates how he him* solf 6n ono ooqasion in 1802 subfttibutod plain water instead of vvlno, Any mission thab desecrates tho Blossod Euohariab, whioh is tho sacrament of ovorlasbing Hfo, oannot fail to bring. with it a nutlodlotion instead ot an abiding blessing, —I am, -fcaM ?I- PATRICK F, CARDINAL MORAN. 8b, Mary's Cathedral, July 20, 