AN EASTERN TALE. I THE THREE IMMORTALS. Three Immortals met on the leads I of a local town hall ihis week, and had a conversation of import to all i and eundry. We are indebted to a ! friendly imp for particulars of the affair. The three immortals were — | ' The Near Future,' 'The Blessed Past,' and the ' Never To be For gotten Hereafter,' and from what we can gather they were principally concerned at the manner in whioh their names were being taken in vain in season and out of season, and at tbe crooked acts of mortals. ' I don't object so much,' said tbe Near Future, because I am big with hope. Something may come i oat of it.' | ' Yes !' remarked the Blessed Past. 1 have memories ' ' Ah ! ' said the Never to be For gotten Hereafter, ' So have I adum brations.' 'I remember' said tbe Blessed Post, ' Claims for puritv of political and municipal life, of fair dealing with all and, sundry.' 'Ah said tho Near Future that is to come — when we havo our own way — but not till then you know; not till then.' Do these mortals think of me when they do these things ?' said the Never to be Forgotten Here after. 'Oh I don't know,' said the Blessed Past. ' My experience I leads me to think that ' j ibs ' are as ' common now as ever they were. The mortals have hocomc more cunning, aad more difficult to catch that is all. Th«y wrap (heir deeds of darknc?s up.' ''Suroly,' replied the Near Fu. turo. you believe that public life is improving Surely these are base caluminies that you utter ! You are prejudiced, you have been misled ! The mortals are pure, that is, as puro as clay can be!' 'Yes,' sail the other immortal, 44 I am ahead of them ' the Never to be Forgotten Hereafter !' They trem. ble at the results of their dodging when they think of me. ' 'Tut!' answered the Blessed Past. 44 they tremble when tbey are found out.' ' Do you think their brother mortals ever find them out,' said the Near Future, 4i they are always going to, but of course they never succeed in doing so ? ' ' I don't know so much about that rither, said tbe Never To be Forgotten Hereafter. 44 Some shrewd 1 men are left in the world, wbo sooner or later ticket and label the | public men. Indeed I know one man who makes a hobby of that sort of thing. He is a sort of modern Diogenes, who goes about the world looking for an honest man. He has a glass case at hie home in which three or four hundred beetles, made out of india rubber by Japan ese workmen are placed. The beet les are of a size, and on each beetle's thorax is tbe name of some public man, on tbe back is his character. He hae formulated a system for dividing them into groups, and '* straights.' 'moderately straights,' ' crookeds ' and ' moderately crook eds ' appear in long lines. These are again classed into 'jobbers,' I 14 tricks'ers,' 'unscrupables.' There is much greater detail, but I have only broadly indicated the outline of his plan to you. When he Is dull, or the weather is gloomy, and he has nothing to do, he places his collection upon his table and con templates his handiwork. The task of re-arrangement is ever proceeding and .:. have seen beetles originally dubbed 41 straight ' with a white piece of paper pinned on their back, fallen so low as to be labelled with the word 44 unscrupulous ' printed on danger red paper. One or two beetles have gone so far as to cause their removal from the main cabinet to a small box with a glass lid. labelled 44 dangerous' on every Bide. These, in the language that mortals are accustomed to use, the proprietor would not touch 'theBe with a forty foot pole. So you see,' concluded the speaker, 44 it is not wise for publio men to stick their heads in the political or municipal sands and fancy no one knows them, and has not all their acts ia purview, secret as they may be deemed. It's the hardost thing in the world to smother an unjuBt act, or hide a cowardly threat, or blind a tricky performance I so as to make it appear straight. Truth and equity will prevail, endeavour to adulterate its source ; as the disreputable beetles may.' 44 This is most remarkable infor mation,' said the Near Future. 'I must change all this.' -4 You can't,' said the Blessed Past, 44 as it was in the beginning so it will be in the end. The beetles, in their various lines, fill up certain sections in life. The good and evil ever contend, and those who chose evil courses must fall. It is the law of nature, and irrevocable. Muni cipal 'jobs'* will stalk like ghosts, municipal ' hustlings ' will be ex. posed, and beetle collectors will mourn at tbe degeneracy of the times, aod the folly of expecting roses from thorns.' 41 True O Past!' said the Near ! Future. ' True, in me you will Bee what you will see !' '* Bah !' said a strange voice, j you are all myths. There is only L the Present.' I i At the words tbe three immortals | I vanished and tbe Present permeated the scene. What the Present may I mean is what no mortal wisteth, and 1 our imp excuses himself for giving up what ' the Near Future,' 14 the Blessed Past,' and 4 'the Never To be Forgotten Hereafter,' declined to face. Tbe Government, per the treasurer, is iufiisting upon all charitable institutions using a prescribed form of ticket in future in connection with the admission of patients lo hospitals. The matter came before the Alfred Hospital committee «t its meeting on Friday week, aod it was then stated that in that institution systematic inquiry into ?the circumstances of patients was always made, and the collection of 6mall amounts from them had been tbe settled policy of the Alfred Hospital for six years pust, aod that the financial results bad been most satisfactory. There is no doabt that much imposition goes oo, and there is also no qaestioo that many deserving people suffer where less deserving patients, with | more ' brass,' ran the hospital authorities I wjtboat the latter knowing it. . . & 