THE MISSPING HEt OF CALLOENY. li oIor. G. So rococ, Authoroen of "Dorothy's J-orThs," "TThe M3.4ed BridaLL'" Etc. CHAPTER XV. TI~E OLD G.U:DEIInI?'S HTOR?Y. Thc months spod on, and nothing oc currod to mor tht ptcl.sure of t.hu two young girls who hod so unexpcctedly dis covered their tinohip. They studied together, and now that Nors was freed from her wearisome cares, she prvgressed vcery rpidly and govo fair promise of even outacripping iMadge. tier music and painting, for which tho seemed to poc.es a peculio tlfrent, coon became the admiration of the whole schcool. The doys cod eoeks pr?red pIaccfully and rapidly by, acndl had it not b?on for thoe pr -cce of the stroll, thereo iorult hrave onn nauroht but oueuhino. Ac it w:, orio otllo;iod n:o opporttnity to p.x to irrit:o :Itaodge, eith:r by ir.inuatoron rergr.lin. heIr future precpect? noth a certain gentltemon, or by oS c-os concern ing Nor., whom she ptlroecded to oonsidcr coc upyt.rt and ac .rtfun impootor. cut Zdgeor wars no cup.emoly happy in her love for lior that she :rould nuot alw heenc!hf to he troubled, acd the runomous haftIs thu lerfllud at hor by trs Upton pFcscd harmle=ly by, outiog only her haugh-l tiest racrn, which, by the way, scmed rto distcrb that vicious icdy not a little. The end of the first year ca00e, the rte cxamination and cormencrmentt w-es Ip....d by thooe hpipy coodos with credot, tooth to theomr!vcter and their te achers. tr Dlspercau had made a.-.gcmenta for his wife and too d cugchter, .as he callcd thoem, to Imce thu long surmmer v~cutihn at a fashionablo resort acmog the muun ain; ancd, having coon them comfortably a?ttled in their hotel, he bade them a loving faoowell, and sailed for Europe on a ronunoitring tour for Eeor. Ho node his way dirsctfy to Calonby, whore he spent two months in the vicinity of the cAtle setudyineg the cht racter of Lord Callonby, gathering inci dents leretaining to his hfu afnc he came into the title, and yexploring the grouodo of the estato and the ruins of theo Od Castle. Knowing all he did, it did not tfo much penetration to diocovrer that the spurious lord pao'. d s cunesy cosn atcience, although he atcve to conceal hi feelings by a bland and pleaiog exotnor, and with reckless ahndon entered into all the excitemennt which his pesition and wealth afforded. IMr Dispeau hal no deiret to come into personal contact with the Lord of Callon. by; he wishied to study him fro a dlis tance, for he might have to meet him in the future, and did not wish to lie known until the right time should come. From an old gardener On the C.llonby estote, wheln tongue be looasned with generous golden tips, Mr Displou learn?d much concrmering the tragic occnrrnces with which the resler is already familiar. The gardener onld not oomprehoud why the old steward ahould have so mo ccount ably disappesMred, taking all his bools and voehaers wiAh him. Mr Dtiispeau also learned from him that the present ?rl had spread the report that Mien .or, t ired of the world, haod volantarily im \- mra?dL Iael.f in a convent. Oneo evening, a Mr Dispesn was view ing ths lonely ruins of the Old Castle by moonlight, he was stealthily approached by a swarthy and vilalino:n-looking tramp, who evidently intendLd to rob him. The former, however, w-e tomr slet and vigorons to fall an easy prey to uch a character, and ason had the scound- el by the throat. From remooks droppod by the wretch, in a converotion which en coed, Mr Dipcaun gblened that the tramp was not a stranger m the neighbirhood- that he had been thur, come two ests before--he had just rturned from Amo rim, where he habdcent six wonoths-that he had performed some importu: oerico for the Lord of Callonby, and fc nor been vsaotiontly reoT rdeor, and that it wos his intentocn to call on the carl on the it: tlacy lIr Diep2no's thoughs r vrted :o the "'ervil-loking man" whom ora hafd ecen her unc-le givo the tog of cma:cy so long bfole. Thico.ifg that the fellow coold expain moor ofE the strange do:ingsf ciC- rloeetyo .-o off-ruso to pay -ai lohcrcly for coy impoor?nt inforatifo,'n.d codied dccc if he t~hought fvorably of his propozition, hoe cid1 all n?pon him at t? e Cetlcnby A?rm,. where it was his intoendsto to re mxcin for throee days tooer. TIre iclow suddony ber- auoe wary, and nco frther iafcreton ciaid h obtaicece froe hioc. The tw o atr0.e oly met oon after sepsvatod. L- DicoS s Scill hog-iul that: the o roud cali iuponhim,s agerto ell his ecret, if he had one to sedl Bht the three days pa-?3s , and hE cCoCe u?ot, and though It :,isperu malb inqico caboout the man, he could not learn that he had b-.n ??on by acyone sare hicsolf A.Lmost ick from nervoos uns~ and dispptot:accnt. he retcmool to Lond?on. and from theor pr:ocroed to poy his brother in France a shor visit bfore retr-nieg to the United StateIs. CHAPTEI: XVI. Hs WZtL'O?H O E - TLOOO. The mcornig f?llowing the mootiog tf lr Dispoa with the evil.looiog villain acecot lereinOfthe 1d Castle, Lord Callonby eat in his ecrellen'- library awaiting the sound of t breakfst-bell lie ad been up scve.rl hours, for, - though he wa a cplemnre-leorvg m n, and apprciated all the lxorw?m wotch o et welth e ablod bim to enjoy , yet h neero aHo,,wd ecine-lf to neglet theeote.cts of his oarte. Nothing .Cc.ped his critc al rey-ery piper portining to ie , ernry account with ter?e-a or herkn; wa clocoty esomind ty bin, and woto the nelucoty seward if ? eanror were dL coreord theimn. lie had mace many ic.roromenci an Cadlonby dnrin" his ahob rtetn there, ancd it-tis -oo 7notoi as the "g cnolecot'" acd ccbeot kept" country as-ot for mike around. The merrcog eauligiht otrccdl in heerfunlly at ohs broo aoy rmindow, lightiog tho rooc alttrocoivciy, and my Ioed wao ecidently ito very coesfo:tchle frame of mind, forta isteuL occlo cured his lipa, and be was ligh.ly huocnoing a straio from come popotee opoer Aknouelast the door woa fo!otes by the entrance of a srevcnt "My e lored," e acid, rroeertfslly, "there i a man at the are-door, who desires to apenic with yce l~ordship.· " WhO in he-what i his ococeP T manded my lord .I do0not know ; heloho like a beg r, yet seems on inolopendoet for i'shtt ? his neso. I csked yoes" mid Lord Callonby, implirtstly Ifs weeld uot givO it--oco it wI a ne matter aboet that, ht be ha timpoest onea with yoe, air." 5, SmedthS rase ic, then, andb'leooo° make him tell his name," nnrwcrcd Lord C:lootl.y, authonEri;tivy. The hbored ar, !eft the room, bht oon returnred with the nto-;ro evil-look ing villain with whom :fr Dio',u hod had the uncourntor th Froovoiou r:ight. fIe tot hi? into the library, then irare diately- roti-cd, cdoirtg tohe door after him. Lord Callonby looked up curiouoly and rather stnlly, ra the man advanced, in a shutiling, hlf-defilot way. One glance was ro~icient. There woas r moment's utter silocro, while the two taelr stood cyo to eye, theno a o-trtling oath burst from his lordsluhip's lips, on he lop?ed upon hsb foot, ovory drop of blood lor:ding from his frace, l~eviug him o pale n asheS. " WVhat does this mean o" he =auped, nwitbhn oath. " I ,uppos g I do give yon aomething of a snart, my lord; my coming is raother uon experocted; but none of us k-now what a day may bring forth," replied the man, writh an insolent leer. " But you solomnly swore that you wouild neveoor show your faco in England azaio." ' I know I did, my lord, but I. found that lone but my outivre oi would agreo with meo. o l'vo returon- to my oain coun~io ' once more." "' YLon might hrvo kept out of my way, then; it is very unonoaortabl! to I?a to -co you again," retorted his lordship, with a a-avoo cowL " I don't douhbt it; but we can't haven oeorythilng our o:n rw?y in thin world, though I must ray yoa'roe uroodeod bot ter thaun most people." " Hold your ino!ent tongaue, you dog, or it ashll be the woroo for you. I sup pose no want somethiog of moe, or yon wroldn'thb horn. Ootrri:hrit, andthon h0 ott" " You are cowrc: ill your surmioeo, my lol, I dlo aont comsthini of you. I want ono money-, I'm c?o .nol out entirely, htaun't even so mrach as a fothir.g to help me to a br3obk-st, and I'm hungry or a st:rving tiogr." .And he bgun to bent a tattoo pon his empty stomzch writh his claw-like trogors. " Tihat is bad, truly, and I nrever refuae a lponran in need, so tako that and feast youroelf," Lord Callonby rep!iod, aoror tioully, and throw him a guinea. The wretch pieckcd it up and pockeoted it with a grin. " Generous, aren't y, no .-1 Th?i'll huy me a gooi breakfost enough, hut wolen it's gone I'll bh wantinog more like it, o I'll giove yso a polito invi:taton to pUF me over a big r olil mr0O of theU name kind." '" Ca-ro your io?o?soe ! I paid you a hundredfold monro in the fnirri plaue than I toght There was enough to set you up h=dreomely in ,ome profitable busineos; if yan'vo spont it foolshly I'm not to blame. Got out of hero qIickly, or I'll ring the bell and hare you put out," And the angry ran's face rwars c-rimo ti:h oossion. "N'o you Won', ry lord. I shll sty here till I get l oo d ag d reddy to go, and if you arn so imprudent os to crl anyone to ouse violenc uoon mt, I Sholb foee it my duty to stoeak the justice. and re!late a little rtory that mirht rneorest him morn than it wounld benefit you. Idid that job up neatly for you; thern urn not many fathers who would be a acrrommrdating as I was, even for three or four hundred poundn, though I wa wenll tatisfil then. But I'oo ben unfortunate since, and 1 must hare another hundred t-day, and you must gire it to me? "' twillnot," rr'r" "- '"orl wi;rh a scowl of hate. " Ob .... -. 'rt hor'· ..o:...s knowo n ?o e: to . "You Lt I Y,.. can prrce nothing; your word we Id not be talken before mine, andno one knowrs of that transr' dun rare you and me; and as for being bled in my pocket erery time you tae a notion for a hundrnd pouods, I will not stand it; so get you gone, and at once." The angry oan glarod at him funorinosly?, andl takin a stop or two forward (for he had rioen) heo appsgared a9bout to enforce hir command. But the dark-browed oil lainr bfcro him never quailod nor moved; loughing a derisive, tan?tliniog Iough. he said: "Now, my lord, that were not polite, aond fol.s that livo in high lifo rhould never forgeo their manner. BuI: I thtlo yoe'll regret it if ye don't chnnrg yor mind aboat th hundred pounds. Idon'tb kno all about yer plottinos and ciceaery,i it s true, but I know enough to make it pretty hbt for ye, if I should tell a magisrrato enough to haroe his crioriity, add mnko him inqoiroj into your auctio: . It do laoo rather atr'ugo alnrdy to omne that r whole family shnrud die and disappeor so myterioua like, nd.oU in so short a -ime, while yon, that cro'd boon boon hei r i no other wry, should aome into poo-oiro of thin goat property o sotlik nodoyi. t:o Agt'"e itbd for yon if roy of them - saho-'l happen to coeo to Lbgh: maom fne dy--they do say, eren now, that thu yo-g lond's ghost haonto th, farest lake, -nd I be*ht k me it might be :oren unomfort?ahle frye tot est hio than me; it'l! tb a wonder if he don't pprear to ye some of those fine nights.' " Be que:e:, will yoe 1" olnnO sTLE?edi a?ly from the rtl's rigid lip2. Lie had fallen hank in his chair driag, the vrillin's h--o'gue, and now sat themo wnlite and aoighteod, haking a, with the nnue, while his eyeas seem ?ed firrlytrtiug from hin head a ther visions which trh man's fisrdfl words seemoned to conjure p. So?-r to dintrb you so, my lord, but I can't be quiet just yet. I'm afree'd yero norneo aren't qontes so rong as they weor two or three yer-s ago. I orcbon if I s.ould tell ye who I saw last night yn wouldn't hr quitna so easy an ye 0- nOw iroyno mind," '"Whom ,id you neo-rbat do you mean Stop your insolent torture, and conme to the point at once' " almost seam-ed the now thoroughly frightenel "I don't know his name, and never saw him before. He were a fio-looking goent!emlan. and he were ma'~in strange roquirirs about your lordship. Be mid this much, tbt he wore a etronger from Amorica, but he taook a mighty unrom- mon intront in Glalonby, and he seems to think ye didn't come into yer title and estate in jeat the most henotrblo way in the world)' SLr !i what this you ar telling mte 1 A strango manu from Americs making in. quiors aboot me, and chargint me with dihhuor. i yo u livin g nonrtogotynoro money, or what do yen oenlT' dem.anded Lord Cullonby, in a very agitated mran nor. " aot a lie, yer honor. I were hiding in the rumin-, writing for daylight, so as to ome to yon, when he came upon me, and whforo f ecald got out of bie way, he bdmebythbnthr~t~t. Hesaidhe knew well enough there had been foal play here at Callonby, and even anuooad me of lormg a hand in it." SGood heaena l Who an he be,.and whaa does he mean l I know no one in Amnorim, and hbw mould anyone thorn b-nu anything abort ro t erolatm bia lordship. aghast, and, rinin again ho hogan exltodly to pare the room, I oknow nothing aboruthim, yerhonor, only hat I telfo- le weren porteouo de-rmouthne fellow ahont his own flaie thoogh he uaid he had no personal ei on thi property, bt did notlike to oeonir wicnked triumph in wrong. Ho do moe a? igf?ihty fine offer, though, to tc-i too aths I know about it." " Ilo :udo you an offor i What, boibo on, DliodhoffEuryou toonoy to betray "Th.at hu did, sir. ie taid ho'd nov me my own price, be it little or much, ii i knocr onothing wrong -'out you and would tellit; and moro thon this, tht I might considor it for the next three days, and oomo to him, at the Culonby Atms, if I wanted to nee him." Lord Callonby was more thoroughly aromuseod and troubled by this intelligeoco than ho had l ben in arryiung out all h~i nofarious designs heretoforo., ilo rade the man sit down and rlait ogain o,-ry occurrence of the night before, making noteos hero and thoro as hoe vont along. ilo could not understandit. Whatcould it all moon, that a pernon, an utor stranger, should thus come to haunt him, and threaten to plungo him from the heights of his prosperity into the depths of dogradation 1 "o' eo a precious salrp one now, I toll yo," said th nman, a he counludd his story, " and ho's got a notion in his hoad regording the ftto if the hlto Cullonby family, and I warn yo he mueans to hoopa noarp oyo on yor lordohip." "'You yeo, ynsP' muotred iut lord ahip, nodding hio head at each word, and bending all hir eoocries to think who the mySteridous stranger could bE. ':1 thou;ght i'd givo your honor tho frnt chco, accing ia yos did the hand some thing for mo in the beoinning', and then if Sye ftiled to do yret duty, I'd ma?o somo baugain with the other chap,"con tinuoed the ran, with a cnning gloum in hi evoil ryn. " You did right, my man, and I am obligad to you for your conuidc- ntion," rophed Lord Callonby, ccoepting the in esvtable as rgclufhly as he could, adding : " You shzUll have your hundred ponools, nod mmarkl you, if you will find out who this stronger ie, get his nm-o nd ddreo.s, and bring th'o to me, I rill give you an oxtohuondred. Now go into the oo-rant'e hall, and toll them to give you umo. breakfast, and do not le: me -ee yor foco again, un!ei yon comenU to bring m some dednitu infor?otion reganrding this nan; flour -angc s it may seem, your soieoty io not very congeis to me," he con cludod, with a ghitty amile. Turning to hi ssafo he counte?d out the hundred pounds, and abhoved thum across the tab!h to his comp.nion, who quoicly gatheurd the mone up, with a mutterol " th?-uk y, sir," nad then hurritdl from the room. io did nut stop for his brh-kf.st in the servants' h.ll, but glided nut at the front cnt"aor, notwithotanding the black looks of the housekeepor, who happened to bf psing through tho great haill a that moment, and rlked widtloy lU the direction of thu villgo. Lord Callonby dii not heed the bmal fatu bell when it rang, and refused to out whC'en a e-rant bhroghn him something on a ?ior. fie oat hours, pondrinog up~on? thuo etongo story he hod heard. Ito si&eraol; agony at the thought of an n Iknourn enemy; h could fight, and ight b-arcly, if he know- whom he wns to en~ountor, and knwf how to arrongo his forceu ; haut this oenemy in anbush win a tcrror to him. It would be worseo than odeth now, to lose his wealth, title, and position. MLonths pussod, and as the villtain to whiom he had given the hundred poundn did not ahow himslo aga~i, and he did not hoar anything furmther regardling the mysterious stranger, gradually his nn?say etas?d, and he grve himself up to his former enjoyments onue more. -:- CHA.' 'KR IVIL AT THE5 AERO3rDACR Mrs Preston Pntia and hesr intereats ha-s been lonM neeeted by us, and it is hot justioe to that wily womee rensider ig her namerous plots and plans, and the important port she has in connection with this story, that ahe should ho brought upon the etage of action. Afteor the serious quarsrel between her son and Mer Dispeaao, which had well nigh cost them thrir Insnrioca home, ohs turned ovtr a now bot, or seemed to, in the journal of herlite. Sheappeared so haumble and penitnt. and so exertod her rol to msake amsends for her son's i ratistdoe, that lrsfiuason, ohosohealth osced to bh failing, wou quite won over by her delihcat at'eutiorns, and began to think that Francs wos not roealIly so had at heart after all She wa? meH--eluated, cultirvated, sod refined, and haing for so rmany ya?rs moved in the hbet of coielty, through th io:lueno of Mr Disoean'a family, ab had the most pefe-t solf-poaeoaaon, and could udapt herself In theo apucity of any one. She had a low, sweet rooe, and wm as goo~ reder, and lit'e by little she tempn'Ed Mrs DLipenu, who had boon pro hibied by her physiian from reading, to listun to hoer o:d she csme to be her on:m ston- cottpanion. in titl way doe guinel tfe opporn:=ity she oorted--tat of knuowig 1 that went on wi:hin the houras; oh know rheuever a letter was recive-d from MIodgo, and usually woo se -eotsfu in -n i heielf ocnuian*. with its on tents. Onue, howevorr, she w icsled cIm p!ltely, for rhe letter coltinming Nen?'s sad history was cnateftuly garded until its conteots had neen ell consider~d, and deastroyed ; tor r DisoPns did note stosm o safe to khoeep anything so momentous upon Iapr, as its discovery might lead to dinsatrous reslte. Madamo Frances vas on the alert the it3tunt she roelisud that thrO wam. rome thing myshterios in those closely written puges, ad her cuiosity was arwoued to the highest pitch, when, immediately aitr, LTr Dispenu made a journey to \- Instituto, whica she knew mst hanvre b.en cn?ued by 3fise'a letter. rer son, Fred, was instantly called to a consultation, and a lotter at once des patched to LMadame Upton; but beyond the story which was alhowed to go abroad in the sehool-that MLr D~upea had alop?ted Nora-they could learn nothing. Not until just before the summoer vacation and Mr Dospea's tour sbroad, was anpthiog naid about it in the family ; then dIre Iipos informed hIrs Pontise that her husband had adopted her daughter'a friend, who would return with her at the close of the school, and that henceforth eho was to be considerd a member of the fatnmily, and would share eually with MZadge in overything. Knowing this much arady, Plrs Pon tiac' curiosity was not abated one iota, whie her son wau much ouercisoe as he rcalled in Upton'as words .ergoding Norn during his interview with her at the in~stitute; thorn seeued to bh some mystery connected with the Lish chr.ity rchoL2r; and he believedt that there was m-rn in this new aoraogomoet than was mado manifcet to asy one. Their purplexity was net relievDt, nor their cnuriosity abated, eren after the arrival of the lovrely stranger. Preparations were immediastoly begon for their depuoture to the monntains, and Mr Dispeau jomuryed abroad upon " importast busines?s" This was such an unthought of pe ceding on hie port, that they could amoun?r it in no wayhead nou busdnes connoortien with empo, had alway said he should not visit the "old nootry," until Madge's education s?hoold be ompleted, when he intended to take hlia family, mako a tour abroad, and visit the coit, his brother. "I can't onders-nd it; rometting is going on without doubt, which wo am anabnl to fathooa," ';amid rdorich Pon tior. durin:g tohe oensoiation with hist mother o: the subject, anf evidently er-, rrch o-t of tomoerr oo occout of "Important businco l" repeateod his mother. "I do not doubt that, and it is that vetry importanco which nettles me so. '11 wager anything it is connected with that girl-thero it moro co:mocted with her adoant in this family than we noon of." "Of that I amn fully convinced, aod harobeen over sineo l first -sar her. io beggar cuuld over crry hersnlf as rho doe; there is blue blood in her voeio, or I am muoch mistaken," reoturned his mother. "That ist so without doubt She is as dainty a bit of fincah and bloodas I over beheld in my lifo. Not proud and regal like ?adgo, but seot and lovable as an angel, yet pocsJosing a certain dignity, almost Ihautur, that hoopa overybody at a proper ditanceo."' " Realy Frod, you are bonoming cn ousia:tic. If feor ladgo'o star ia on the o'ane." tlughed hiar mo:hcr, srioticlly. "'Nota bit of it; M?dge is a fixed plano t ut oanyonocan see with hf bl n yeo that fIsa Diabpan's friend and proere is far above tohe arve~rago of humanity." "Theme is another myaterioos thing connteod with her," Mrs Pontinc esaid, "I slippe: into her room the other day when they wrnam all out shopping, and found the loveliest jsrela in her caskot they fairly rakoe my eyesa acho to lool at them. She hba one ring thot would buy all that I pos~e?, a n?-lac that is pvrfrctIy daling, a diamond and emerald cras, and other rings fit far a p:inecrs. I ktnoa Albe-t D)ia u nevoer bought her the?oa jowela, for thoy are far more val able tia.n amy I?tdgo bha, baidea bitog very difrcnt in stylo ftrof what is worn he.r. Unt ohat tra-~k me a meot singular of all, waas an elaborato albr cngraved on each separate piec, wtith the lettero, C. V. I. C. in the four spaco betwc-n the points, and in the fifth the initalh 0. C." "HatI what do you sz~y1 That is a comat of arms I Depend upon it, little Mlt Mysatery is an exile of noble birth in diaguise, and Albtrt Dipeaou'o business abromad ia to reinstate her, it pooible, in hero former position l" e?claimead the younog man, excitedly. "I'sah?r. Fr-d the omnautic e:eme:t in your nature cuarriero you beyond all rasoo. iWhatu porsib!le connetion an the initials C. C. have with tshe name of Nore IcNeal ?" " Non; npparently, but there is uch oa thing as mouming a fahe names; and putting this and that together, the old nman's journey to Europe, the mysterious star and letters, the sudden interest in, and uadoptin .of one of whomn nobody keow anythinog before, all mean some thing more than appears on the snrftoc You know there is a title in the Di'pean family; and, mark my words, the lgirl will prove to be some sort of a roclative, and in some way connected with a coronet It is al1 very vexatio. to bokeptao inthe dark, and you do not seem to have med your ems to quite so good an advnnage as meal," condladed the young man, impatiently. "I havae triedto, yo may beassured hutt the tmost secrecy seaems to obeerved on thia aubject in the family No allieon is srer made to her harlo reently beome so i'mmsto of the home hold, and a sroegeewuld never imgne but that she had been born and brohghi up with Madge. "I do not know why it i, but I have a fear that something is to come of it all, to intefere with my plabs eineard ad?ge,"eaid FRederir' Pontiac, moodily edding; "·I need nut nogo you, sop "·They go to too mountoim nail weak," replied hia mother, evraively. "rThey! Aron't you included in the pca~y TP he demanded, sharply. '?So. Albert gave me a chequeo for fiveo hundred ' to go somewhere and takr a rest with,' she aid. I Pm confident that 3tdge ois t: the bottom of it, the ht'oful min, for bI can ee she regards me with susp;icion; and even the fact of my being on the b-~s of terms with her mother doe. not deceive her. I can't fora e mysel on them, so I am going to Luog Bsranc and have a good time. To tell the truth, I am rather werary of playing the spy, andtr.ng 'to bea god. I dou not poy is not' exciting enough, al I shall b. g"l't to eape it for a while," Mrs Po to a-nw-ed, wSit a yamwn. "aBu3t over- ything depend unn o0r knowledge oof thei- mroveent. Connot you m.nao some wsay to go with themt o'm ao-'d o "ao will meet so=ame one she dwil like, and toen I ha1l hve a -time ot i', ind zdx." "so; IPm no' gofog to bh tamu=e1rd oi-h wtcti=g o chit of t igirl like her. I shal go to Long ranchi; r ary no more aboua it," r:urnr? his mother, "tci sive!y. " Th I shal fa!onlw to them monCora-I mysel' I uppose L C. lRoerta wi!l aoompaoy his inaucrata, msneere.d the dutifu o. "Oh, yes, I pFeouma ho'll follor in ma train as long as ho thibnks there is aoy chance for him. :e is very onvenient, though, poor fello." nha lacghed. " You'd better ma-ry him, and have done --aking a fool of both him and yoursef," remooted Fred, spitefully. "No, indeed, thk you; as I can': have the one I'd lk~e, I'll have non.' "Pahaw! Ato all events, I shall go myelf to the mountain if you do not," he reppld. " Yes, and get unoercifully snubbed for your trouble. I think you are a down r;ight fool, Fred; there are plenty of girls with fair fortunes whom you might marry if you chose; and before I'd atrgglo and fight so for that hubiy I would atail myself of the winning smiles of som,. one else." " Thank you; you oould arrange it all very nicely, I've no doubt. But, to quote your owon sentiment, if I csnnot have the one I wnt, il' no0 have any. No, madame, I will marry Madgo Diepeau, or I will ruin myself in the attempt to get her," he cotnclded, fierely. " I khow what I will do," he excrlaimed, after sevc rol minuteas' dep thought. "' I will send the RIe. Priscilla along as spy-general, and if she doan' at ch well no one will. If she sends me evil tidings, I will go and abduct ??aIdge on the spot and force her to marry me. I expect it will have to come to that in the end any way." " Do as you like, only daon't ask me to go. If Albert ware going to be of the ?rrty, I might be tompted, nort other wise," aad IMrs Pontiac. and the mattr was soulted. The Dsoau family left for the Adiron datcks the next wreet hey had rooma at a first-ek hotel in ne of the charming villageM which nestle so coily in the ri doew of those everlasting hilo. They were charmed with eveoything at once. The moantafn air wso purity itself; their rooms, which war cheerful and ela gantr, commandredl a magnificent view. Their host wya aplea?sut and genial man, and untiring in his attentionm, and they rongratulated themselves heartily upon being oo comfortably amd delightfally aitated. Imagine the dismay of Midgeo and Noro, then, on roin= down to dinner the dFy chetcr their atrial to behold U-da:no Upton ritting in receno digeity direvtly eopnoite their own o t ov.ht tb!O. S he ,? v tho youeg ladieo a mct .Fible grectiorg, colarging upon the urcepetted pletumre () of mecetilg thea tirv, etc., and thee ce- e look of ?n?ioi exIctettion toward? 3IN Dispeau Beyond a haughty bor from ercedge, nd a gentle, though cool, " Howr do you do, .res Upton i" froon ? Nore, no further notict was tcen of tlat lady during tho~ meal, and nho 00 obliged to cat her din noer in uncomfort.ohelo silence, d without the coveted introduction to M?Idgo's mother. '" The proud, arrogant jade ! he ohall nmort for this if I over have the chbnc to make her," scliloquiscd the irate matron, r. nhoe eyed the party .skanoe from behind her gold-bowed spectaclts. She lal c.st aseo ide the lver bowed ones since the promnise of the money from Pontioc. "Such insufferible insrolence i will not tolerato," cried indignant Madgeo, when they were in their rooms egain. "It it comeo more of Fredeichk Pontiac's work." rho continued.; "but I rholl Bpoil his little gamo for hirn. Ads for lving ou~nr summer ruined and our actions spied utpn, it! ell no: be. " 3?"udgv, Mdgeo, what ia the nmatter; and waot are you talking so posionatcly about T' demanded lIre Dispoan, who had been watching her angry daughter in eurprio. "V'on remarked that woman epponite rs at dinuer, did you not, mamma? r" "TYmc, deer, and I thought her rather pmrepoeoseing in appearance. I wondered tlot you did not introduco me, as you both ~eomed to knowr her." "I did not choaose to pleaso herenough to do that" '" L?adge, what a come over you el I nover sw you display eech a epirit of vindictiveenon before." "I will tell you, mamma, and yon'll own I ha?veo cause. I have not mentioned it before, becaueo you had so much else to think of, besides not being well, and while at school I thought I ought to figha my own hattles. And I did, with Nora~s help, most gloriously." And Badge glanced over at Nora with a mceaning smile. She then related all Irea Upton's petty peroecution both of heelf and Nor; dlcrrbing her intorriow in the achool p;arl or with Fred Pontiac, and the conspi racy which sobe felt confident, from hib erre admicsios, he had formed with the matron, snd ended by proclaiming her the spy and accemplico of that young (To h Cotinda. 