The Eimfaerley* Bogey. The Johannesburg correspondent of the London ' Daily Telegraph' writes :—' No one can be much in South Africa without being confronted with the Ogre of Kimberley. It is the stalking-horse of (socialism. When you are to be terrified bj the sins of capitalism out comes thiB skeleton, lb the palmy dajs for eight or ten years after 1871. the individual worker pegged out his claim and dug for diamonds, A few had rare luck ; many met with disappointment. Without knowing it, the miner was delving in the crater of a vo'cano. By end by the sideB began to fall is, shafts became necessary, and companies were formed. Eventually these companies amalgamated, and constituted a big mono- j poly, and then, to prevent robbery and illicit diamond buying, all the colored employes were shut up in compounds. In this way Kimberley suffered, because among other things the Kaffirs no longer spent their earnings in the town—to a large extent they had done so in maddening drink—but took them to their kraals to buy oxen, and so get wives and live happily ever afterwards. Tou are habitually warned that once the Uitlander capitalist gets power in the Transvaal he will follow the Kimberley example, create a monopoly, aud institute compounds. But gold and diamonds are wholly dissimilar. An ounce of fine gold is worth about £4, A Hottentot picked up a diamond weighing rot quite three-fcurths of an ounce, and sold it to a Dutchman for £400; the buyer parted with it for £11,000, and then it passed into the possession of the Countess of Dudley, becoming known as the ' Star of South Africa,' and valued at £25,000. The Portor- Rhodes diamond, weighing about loz and a fifth, was estimated at £60,000. In other words, these stones from Nature's laboratory, looking like crvstals of glass—with a difference—were considered by fashion's arbiter, weight for weight, 8,000 to 12,500 times more precious than gold. Hence thefts were easy, and illicit buying paid well. Neither Kaffir nor European vir>ue was quite supeiior to the temptation, and without the compound system it is doubtful if any diamond workings would pay. No such necessity exists in connection with gold.mining. Nor is any similar monopoly necessary to. keep up the price. Unlike any "ther commodity—a fact which vitiates much of thp reasoning on currency questions—gold is in nearly universal, permanent, »nd unlimited demand— at a fixed price. Not all the precious metal in Klondike, Bhodesia, the Transvaal, Australia, and America seems likely to glut the world, and therefore there will be no gold monopoly. The ogre cf Kimberley is a spectre of the imagination but, like other ghosts, folk will believe m it—until it is forgotten. 