A TRANSVAAL TRADING STORE. In a small curve off the main road (writes “Ormond Lodge" in a London contempor ary) stands a long, low, galvanised-iron building, with a broad, steep, and an over- hanging verandah. Bchinu it is a narrow stretch of cultivated land, hemmed in by a sod wall, and back of all a cluster of young eucalyptus trees. The blazing sun beats down on the iron roof with a fierce ness to which tho galvanised sheets lend still greater intensity, and tho blankets, clothing, and other goods in the store still further aid; and the atmosphere in the shop can best be described by the remark made in the writer’s hearing by an intel ligent but irreligious traveller, that "a man who could live in a Transvaal store would freeze to death in hell." But tho trader docs not mind this, or, if ho does, ho doesn’t ray so. Dressed in a pair of trousers, a light,pair of shoes, and a flannel shirt ho reclines on a convenient part of the counter, and with the aid of his pipe passes the time until a customer arrives. Should tho customer boa white man the store i keeper and ho will, us a rule, retire into the little eylo room for a few minutes, and a bottle and a couple of glasses will be pro duced. Should he. on the other hand, ho a nigger the trader will glance at him casually, and, without moving, will ask him what he wants, fie docs this because kallirs often xvant something which they know tho storekeeper has not got. The kaffir is gregarious, and likes to have a chat, especially with a white man. When such is the case the trader can tell the nig ger to be off. without disturbing himself in any way. This, of course, saves trouble. The shelves in the back of the shop are piled up with gaudy blankets, clothing of all descriptions, tinned goods,’clocks, and vases, cheap "jewellery," and various other commodities. Below* these shelves aro tho bins where the 6tigar, flour, meal, coffee, &c.;, are kept. On one side are the small shelves where the patent medicines stand. This is the most important branch in the Transvaal up-eountry trade, and the trader ns a rule acts ns medical adviser to the whole ungh berhood. The average Boer takes mere medicine than the worst hypochondriac in any other part of the world.* This is owing to indigestion. The Boer is patient and longsuffering in some respects, out when it comes to a case of sickness he is in a hurry, lie wants to get right at once, and so ho will go to the store, and, acting on the ad vice of the trader, will purchase a remedy. When he finds in a couple of days that tho medicine has not cured him he immediate ly jumps to the conslusion that it is no good, fio will then go, and, relying on his own judgment, will purchase some other medicine, and start in on that. At tho same time, if he gets the chance, he will jump a sample of something else to have a go at when he has got tired of the other. How on earth he keeps alive is a mystery. It roust be that the climate saves him. I can't account for it in any other way. Outside tho store, on the stoop, are tho agricultural implements, ploughs, harrows, new Amcricau inventions of all sizes and descriptions that are too big or too heavy , to ho easily carried away, and at all hours of the day, from early morn until sunset, j you will find n nigger attired in a soldier’s old red coat seated on one of these articles. Whoro this darky comes from is a puzzle. During a long acquaintance with the Trans vaal I have never arrived at a store with out encountering one of these objects on the stoop. In fact I used to look upon him. and on one occasion won n substantial stake by betting with a companion that i wo would find a kaffir in a soldier’s coat at j the three first stores we arrived at. He, I of course, lost the bet, and. being anew comer, seemed at first to think that I had some hand in haring these people thero; but ho has long since grown wiser, and knows by this time that tho "soldier kaffir " is as much an adjunct of the Trans vaal trading storo as a ghost is of a respect able English castle, tho only difference being that the" former is much moreen evi dence. As tho sun goes down and the evening closes in tho storekeeper will come outside and will watch the change, after which ho will rotiro into his small bed room, and his "boy" will bring him his supper. lie will eat this and theu light his pipe, and then turn into bed. Another half-hour will see tho light die out in his window, and the house given over to sleep. At the first break of dawn he will be awak ened by the hoy bringing him Jiis coffee, and he will then get up, unlock the doors, and prepare for another day. It is not a cheerful life, but to the men who lead it it has a strange fascination, andonce a Boer trader always a Boer trader" is a stock saying in the Transvaal. 