THE SALVATION ARMY. CENERAL BOOTH. AN INTERVIEW. During his stay in Adelaide General Booth will be the guest of Brigadier Glover, at Kensington-terrace, Norwood. It was here that a representative of "The Advertiser" ioui:d hii.i on Saturday morn iuj:, after he luid lvi.l a. litt !i? rrrt from Jlu :alip:iies o! lii- journey overland from Jlel boi.!::c. 'i'lii.- General plunged v: u'jw intu the business ol iliir interview. ,-ui<l in ix-ply to the liivt question, as to his lioalln, said. "My health is gre;iily improved, aud but lor iwo most disagreeable passages from ■Melbourne to Launccsiou ami back this week 1 think 5 should l?e able to announce myself a* being iterfeetly recovered. A: to the malady from which 1 suffered on the voyage out u> Australia, since 1 leu Adelaide 1 have been able lo master it and X have lid uii-ssed a single ap.'onu uieiiL." "Have you had a successful campaign":"" "1 think it ha--s l>ceu a. signal success. \\\"c ha\e not had a. single failure. We have had crowds ot i>oopie, great enthusiasm, wonderful conviction, great sympaUiy witu the poor and sullering, whose cause 1 re lirk.-cvat, aiid we have also iiad a great uum i)er ol iiooiilu rocogniMiig their sins, aud gLviug Uicmselves u^ lo \Uv ecrviva! oi "l>o you intend lo conic to Australia again?" "1 do very liltlo planning for tlie future, but us far as 1 cjii see 1 shall certainly comr lo Australia ug.tih it" my hie is spared and my health and strength wM allow, li ihe |*s?j>!e oi" Australia «iid not want me tc tome luck again they tiiould not liavi treated r.ie so well." "\es, 1 have met with a most cordial reception in Australia, especially l>y those who are in high places ol <;overnuient re spous-liility, wiio have received me with tlic givalcsl ol respect. Evidently there is a growing conviction that our principles are not ouly adapted to, but likely to be suc cessful m dealing with those classes -with whom tlie (.>overmncnt.s iiud great dilii culty"/"" "llave you anything definite to state as the results, of your negotiations: "Not very much. Offers ol land and money, and otiier things; have been made by the different Governments, but we have not decided anything in particular Since 1 left lirishanc I have heard that the tjueendand Government have offered us the remainder of their reformatory lwys, and nite.'id, if we accept them, to dose their own institution entirely." "Yes, 1 think the offer will be accepted. We have a line estate up there of 300 acres, with SI boys on it already, and do ing uncommonly well. The New South \\\ ales Government seemed to fight why of me on my lart visit, though when I was lirst there Sir Henrj' Parkes was exceed ingly friendly. This time I lum-bcl with every member of tiie Cabiuet with one ex ception, and no .me rould be more thought fully sympathetic than Mr. Keid. He has eviiienlly studied our movement, an.l lie said. "General, you have got the Rcrnis ol a new philosophy in the management or the submerged elapses, aud you have m> s'-|ii|iaihy.' " "Do y.iu intend to asl: for anything from Mie South Australian <iovenimcnty" "I hardly know, <>f course, I know what the commandant is doing here, but I am not suit; what his future plans are. I may say, however, tliat our hands are now very full of new tilings. \\\"e are negotiat ing with the West Australian Government for 3D,tK'i9 acres there, which will require a good deal of attention,. l>cc:inaC it is not merely money and system that arc re quired for the successful working out of such schemes as ours. Men and women are needed, and they raw have distinctive traits «f character, Upsides being devoted -md self-sacrificing. They must be men and women of ability and willing to live lives of self-denial. To remake men and women is a very difficult task, and that is what we have to An.'' "As to the gcnet-jl progress of the Army throughout the world?"* "We arc progressing all the world over, although we liave our difficulties and dis appointments. You must meet them in all real w.'.r, but, taken as a whole, the Army goes forward. You may judge of that from the century scheme we are going to work out during the next two vcars. That shows we have some confidence in our selves. We are not ouly proposing to raise £70.000 extra, but to make 7«.<WO new rol diers and to add accommodation for 70,000 of the lapsed masses to our present insti tutions, and to do a great mauy more things." "My plans for the future? Well 1 hope to have a couple of days in Colombo on the voyage home, and then directly I rcr.ch England I am down to go to Stockholm, Christiana, Copenhagen. ]!crlin, Anisier dam, ruiehing .Sweden on Midsummer Day. When tltat tour is over we are tn have a great exhibition in the Agricultural Hall. Islington, for 14 days, .it which, 1 suppose, 1 shall have to give 14 addresses."' "Will you kindly express the gratitude I feel for the sympathy I have received in this country, ,-md my sanguine and, 1 think wcll-founileil, expectation of the Annv Iky coming a great power to help and bless the laud in those directions which I think have to do with real prosperity and true greatness. Rceaiise then; tan lie no ques tion (hat throughout the world the prin ciples on which we deal with those masses v.hicii are multiplying everyn'here. will have to be followed. Of couiv* we .-.re told that tha mimher of criminal:, is decreasing, but another cl^ss ju?t as dangerous to the community inereasef. It is a remarkable fact that though tbcre has, perhaps, never iieen known to J? «ieh general prosperity in ICncland as at the pres-nt ti'-ie, the number of paupers is sulHanti^lly the same that it was three yearn ago, or even more They are buiklinsc new winas tt> tin; workhouses and sjicnding fabulous sums on them, simply Ijccause they never con template anything lieyond the aiieliora lion of misery. Our plan rocs for the rescue of the j-eople. Of eourw in this country we no donl>t have a great advan tage in the fact that there is no State Church to stand lictween us and the classes with whom our chief work "lips. Still even here there arc certain elerp'men who i wnuld raiher thnl the jioivilp were left as they nre than Hint the Salvation Army should lwnefit them. Hmvevc-r, I am gt.->d to s,iy we have no difficulty with i>oii tiriaiiK. lwcause both those in power and those out of power are really in gvntpathy with us. and would like to m the jioor wretches helped. Fir fi™>rm- l)il>bs, for in «ancp. -s ,->s enthusiasiicallv with us as is Mr. licit! It i= a great thing to have all sides our frir-nds. lincansc we have no feir of losing cruund if a fjnronimcnt should hapiieu lo <*<\ out nf 'wivor.** Tin: FIRST *IKKTTXn. The- Cciierni niet a l::ive gnOfring of h;<; ; follower? i« tlm Memorial Wall. Piric strictly nrivale uicotinr. onl." uiembers of the Balv,i(inn Annv Iwinsr a^miUod. SI"NI)AY\\-j MKICTIXGS. Some ycai-s liave elapsed since General Hoo^li was ill Adelaide, but one sees iiut little change in the i.i::n who will loom large in the history of the nineteenth eun lurj- when it conies to lie written. Sunday saw flu; Oolninandei-in-diici of the great est religious and social arniy the world has ever seen ojien his Adelaide e;:!iipaig?. Stivinge lo say. it was his lirst and last Sunday in the colony. The thought struck the General during the addrc^ at the Kxhihilion on Sunday evening, lie 1i.i.l said. ".My last Sunday lieic,' ami the words impelled him to stop a moment. " My last Sunday,"' hi; went on, " Oh. I always think what I shall say on my last Suudr.y among you." And Fvmpatbetic yet almo-t inaudible wo:ds" told the sjM>akir tiial his listeners were closely fol lowing him. If there is any appreciable change in <-cn<-ral Booth it is only in that his (lowing l<H:kti are a tritie whiter than in ihe days that are past. AI lirst his voice aiiiiears lo lie thinner, bul tiiat feci ing smm i^st-s away, lie has 1.-..1 an ill ness :n Australia and ha> gone through a Jong ami trying campaign, so that it would Ik- liitle wonder if the tone of the vtiiw was- iios. so full .is usual. He begins his .nidi-esses as if speaking with some I liuk- tliliivulty. l>uv i« :\ mmiir-in he prows carno-i and el-xiwiil. and the wonls pour out in mie ro-Ist Jess stream, and the voice sh.r.v- all its ?M power and strength. The j'i'-rcing eye. the gesture which u-ils of re solution: the oratorical flights ail cany liio audience hack to the days when they lirst heard this great leader of men whi> has (fuiijurrcd oJUMisition in two hemis phere.-, and who has with the spirit of a N.-ip?'c->ii l«*d his jriganii-j and ever-increa sing aruiy to the uttermost ends of the world. Tlie Gcnci-al faced the crowds which gathered to ln-ar him on Sunday at tirt^l m a long military body coat, "-rect a.s in liit- days ~f yore, and when he l>c;raii to spc.il. a Im>li fell on the asscinbl.ige ;nid all c.-ii> wv-i.. >;rair.c<l lo catch the words "i - tl:c ..i.l man." ,i> In- is sometimes af fc..-li..nalciv called. He Ixrgan in the mom ing i.v i.-lii- ij- :, *i..i-v ir..ni Inc. " !^>t Sm-.i.1.^."- !„■ r.-ii::irh..-l. "a man travelled l."ni !iul-■=- in .liK-iid one ..I sny mociiiig-. m lii" >;-i;-r ...1.-.nv. and !:•• >pv,Wd\ >u\\\;i iii.n. Tl:-it ii-.;:. had .I-.timined to I>e rive.l iie;iue he >!«rlod. and liulc wonder thai he was saved. Some people would not .walk across the building to be saved. and little wonder that such do not find ~!v.uk.ii." M:«'iav morning taw the South --?i:stra ii.ui mi>sii::> opened ii- the tine hail of the -fiil.ilw Kvhiimmu I'.uildmg. The pillars l«nv l<i>i their ii.in-n??, and around the la<-cs t'i i!ie BKllt-rv oiip liiav read: — "•>'«u!ii AiiMmlia tich'iHns to d<? honor to ihe AimyV <iisiinguHii.il K?.m<icr. Long livo our m-lnvcd «n-i:cr.ii. Itcnualh the Southern C'rcfs we struct our revered GfllVI.ll." Tin* ii..1l was i-rowded, there lieiiij; a large patiiii!:^ nl 111.- K>!Jur> 01 the Army, who gave ihe VJiJK'ml ;i vorilui pveliiii; when he appeared uu the plalinnn, surrounded liy li'.o ouR-ers ot Ilia sta:f and divisional i-oDiiuantii-rs. Major I'olbrd offered prayer. :>:nl i'olond Ijiwley >.-.:-,,; a solo. Tho (•rnvml tjuickiy iom>. 1!c mill he «ie !-irctl I<> talk to hi* sohlicr* about their own *ilvaiion. The wor.'..-, of I'aul, "1 can do all things,"" served as a foamlation lor what followcil, a vigorous, stirring, evangelical address. Yet Paul, he pointed out. could not ilo i-vorytliing. lie could not keep away from cantankerous sulking crea lnit's like Alexander, the cop|icrsmith. '1 hene were a lot of Ales^inders in the colnnies yet. J'aul could nut kcci? away from backsliders, and tin; latter deserted him in Konic. Tliat was what the back sliders in the Army won'd do. The dilli cultics I'aul hstd Lo «-ontenJ with were tit-alt with in v.-onls which appealed to tlie hcitrt. and the argument was poin:*d with illustrations. The general knew the pet omissions and commission? which troub led his soldiers, but if I'aul, through Jesus C'lirisi, could tear out his besetting sin. yield up his right eye, his right hand, and give himself lo the Master, so could they all. He spoke of ihe difficulty of those eujrajrcd in the malt and the spirit trade. (?!ie line fellow, >aid the <ici>crnl, refused to po to the penitent form because he was employed in a distillery, and having a wife •■"!'! '; "">'y could not give up his work, ivlncli lie would have to do on joining the Army. "Quite righu" remarked thcGencrai, ■•«v cannoi get wine peonle in the whisky trade: we cm «|o many things, but we n\i t <lo all things." How many of them lm.l siartod with the Army and had .iropiN-d hpiiind., Many of tbem hnd had beautiful st.-.rts ajrain and .-.gain, but they had gone astray .-igaJn. There was a great demand in the commercial, the cniineer ine. and military worlds i«r more power, but nil he wanted for the Army was more power to save souls. Tlie power they want oil was Jesus Christ, for without Him they could do_ nothing. The afternoon saw another large assem blage. The HTvice opened with a hymn and prayer by Colonel Peart, chief secre tary for Australia, whose earnest words found earnest resjwnsc from the congrega tion. Then Colonel Lauiey sang a kolo, and the (jcneral began his address. Taking for his subject the incident of Ananias ai:d .^ai'Phira, he said that was the outcome of a broken vow. There wore successors of t!io?e two_ in these days who ocJed in the same spirit. Salvation was a compact, in whick «od promisoxl salvation, and Hie man agreed to do certain things, lie pic tured the life of a man who yielded him self to God :ir.d received ralvntion. Later ho fell in with some backslidden Clirislian or a half-suved Salvationist, who jier suaded hini iiial he could get to heaven without tome so rcMiot, and the Chris tian <lrcw back from some of the tilings lie had promised. H was. he pointed oat with sonic emphasis, just as wicked to lie to Cod as to lie to man. I'eople ■who would not ilream of breaking a pro mise to man would not scruple to break their word to God. They could dodge (heir mends mid relations, but it was a diflieult thing to dodge the Almighty. Once they started on the downward track their rale -of retrogression gradually miir&ened.; 1 Ananias aud Sapphire had died from a ! visitation of «od. and if they tnew the true history of those who rested in the cemetery, how many of them would tliey (md had died from the visitation of God in consequence.of broken promises? Then he asked his hearers to be earnest for God, to live upright lives, civinp their lives to Hun who ruled over life and death. Kever in the history of the world, said tlie Ocne ral, had there been such handsome build ings creeled for Christians to worship in ss there were to-day; nevw had there licen siK-h beautiful music in them as in these •lays; but when he asked about blood and lire and salvation he waa told it was oW fashioned. They saw nol, as they should we. the people falling down on Uieir knees and l>egging for mercy, and il was because in many cases that lastors. tnplains, and officers had lost tbe Iloly Ghost because of their broken promises. There was no re medy for Ananias and Sapphire. bnr*here was a remedy for all. Rising to a fervid pitch of eloquence, he exhorted his lis teners to pay all they owed, and if they conM iint pay the pries thry jiro iniscd God would settle the ac count if they gave- all they had to (rive. The evening service was a triumph. Tlie i hugejiall was densely liirongrd. T?ngl>e foro 7 o'clock, the time appointed for the ojxnin^ of the service, a crowd had gathered on North-terraoc but when the nortals wore swung open the vart assem blage quietly moved in, and in a feu- mo ments tlie vast congrecatioii had been pro vided with seats. When tile General ap peared on the platform ..he.was received with a \olley—a general outburst'of cnMrti siasm. It. was the loving greeting of of ficers and soldiers lo their victorious coni mander- in-ohief. Service liccan witli a hymn, the accompaniment being played by one of the local Army bands. Commandant I loot h offered prayer, and then (V>!onc! Jjwley King a sacced solo. The General be gan by stating that be had preached two excellent sermons that day, which caused a smile, but it was lurneil to approval by the additional ptatoment thai they were excel- ■ lent for tlie reason that he had striven to lireach sermons which would lw suitable to Ihe |ioculiar circumstances of the jicoplc who surrounded liim. Jlc selected as the theme for his discourse Jeremiah xiL, ii. From these words he delivered a. lone. noKvrful, earnest address,-in which the dominant note was tliat there was only one way to face death—with the absorbing thought of having reconciled- their con sciences tritb Uhe Saviour. The address, the longest one ti\f General delivered dur ing the day. was listened to with rapt at tention throughout. This afternoon and evening mcclinzs trill l>e held at the Town Hall, at which the General will again «peak. 