III. A man left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an.earnest of death. The lenden hours passed slowly hy, and al though I could not have been inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as many weeks to me before Lleutenant: RadNon returned. " Phew. !" he said, cyeing lue intently. "You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way like hihs." ".Ought not ?" 1 echoed, hitterly. ".Do you expect inne to laugh and dance under my sin ?" " Come, come 1 It's not so had as all that," lie added quickly. " I've a qles tion or two to ask you.' II the lirst place, whly did you pitch men. that tale about a grulesome dreamn '1" " What do you mean ?' 1 cried ex citedly. ".Why this- tlhat you no more killed your cousin than I did I"' " What I Is 'Toim not dead 7" "Unfortunately, yes. But you lind no lhand In causing his death. The real murderer hats been foundiwanderlng half-clad, and raving mad, upon the mideor." "The real murderer i" I repeated vacantly. H" ave no fear ;.he is In.safe.keeping now. He must have let hlmiself out' of the house liunedlately after the deed was done, still retaining, In spite of his undoubted nlusanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of night. Of course, as soon as we missed him, the hule-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. lie particularly gloats over his frenzied clnning in having secretly filched the Malay krliss from your room, and In replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put It to the vile pur poses conceived by Ills crazed brain. Certainly, the poor' fellow is not nc countable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to bhlame--" "But, J Interpised hnastily, ' you have not told me who this mildnnla is" "Why, it's the man you knew away In TJaffa-Wallace 'Lewln. Ills friends were at once coulmunlicaied with, and a brother of Ills realched Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin has of late been somewlat erratic in his behavlour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then, he has .been, subject-..to -perlodl fits of melancholia, but nothing 'serious wat thought of them ; certainly, nobody Imagined that they would culminate, as they have done,' In a seizure of homl cldal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else; 1 can't understanild, unless,. Indeed, It was for the reason I have already nmentloned the apparent ease with which the iunr der could be fathered upon you. Tha'It,' too, seems to he Mr. Cannua's theory." "Ahlt I Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers ?" " He came directly he heard of Tom's death. -By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Can- n nan's daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would prohbably discounte nance any engagement between you and his child, because of your unsatisfac tory position financially, Tom--the mig naniinous fellow-even hinted at settling a. substantlal annuty upolln you, on con ditlou that Mr. Cannan withdrew all bshaciles. That expedient will now no longer be' needed ; equally,, of. courase, Miss: Cannann.knew nothing of these pending negotiatlons.'" "Arnd she ?" 1 murmured. "Have you seen or heard anytlllng of her ?" " Only that she is in a state of anxiety and inuuignation on account of your arrest, nighi bordering on distraction. Ther father has gone to see shout get ting you out of tllhis infernal hole, and If I might advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to his house, and set her at/ rest. Hark," added he, as foot. steps drew near the call door, "here comw Mr. Oasa l to .are T AM 