?NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch By m, o. McClelland, CHAPTER XVlII.-(Continned.) f ? Bat when the negroes whispered about, i with horrid iatistaaaa, a grim legend ot a A peddler seen to enter the wakefield door, bat t-'- not to oome oat again, the populaoe decided that the town was ripe for investigation, f and, summoning official aid, raided the 5\. place. The Watti-fielda resisted, and there t\\- was a battle, in which a man or two were 5T. shot. This added to the evil repute of the t place, und it needed only a hideous discovery SL^1*' in one of the cellars, and an incontinent fa. lynching in the backyaid, to give it a char j. acter which would condemn it to isolation *£. from human occupation forever. The agent B£ uu auii£ui: buu& uiu LTOUQie oven to laswn up ,f _ doors and windows. He knew that in the &\--j buooiio imagination, both white and ool p ^ cured, the plaoe would speedily become ft \ ohoioe rendezvous for evil spirits end IuuuIb, ?' and the particular damping ground of the i devil. '£? As Ruth hirsed from a side gate into the §=. public road, eha noticed a nephew of h«r M relative's, who lived witij her, in a far field, jv talking to a man on horseback. She ean p ~ tared on briskly, not wishing to be belsted. 5\. A mile or so on she turned into a aroei road | which debouched through a pine foreut and r was apparently but little used. The after x! noon was sombre, with a dull November sky Wi and intermittent sunshine. The chill of the ** air was untouched, and the earth held the !* frost of the previous night, so that, except £* where fallen pine needles deadened all i£ sound, it rang hard as iron under the horse's i hoofs. On either hand tho pines, aisaostyled *? and massive, uplifted columns of bronze, £. with solemn oathedral efftiois, enhanced by J' the interlacing of dark branches above into \- impost and arab, rib and groin. Through fe the foliaged intrioaciea of thin mighty roof ;*, the light sifted dimly down to the shadow | less oatpet of brown pine needles. Ruth f rode slowly, impressed with the siienoe and gj grandeur of the plaoe and invigorated by f the aromario incense which she drew into her longs. i: A short distance farther the woods opened I \ into clear fields, enolosed by dilapidated fences, and abandoned to the encroachment Sjpv of broomfcedge and sorub. The road, muoh ?:.'? washed and gullied, led oiroaitously to the p-r old fsrmbouse in the distance, so Ruth left #r -t and out aorcss through the fields. The Sv house stood bare and forlorn among its de |g; -'.'' nuded trees, the very epitome and centre of ':fi' an encompassing desolation. p^' Rutb shuddered as ehe looked at it, ; : , mildewed over with decay, its sashless win jtf ?-- ' dows (toggling' into' space like eyeless m}'/ socket, its smokeless chimneys eloquent of t ?-'-* cold hearthstones below, She did not won ;.??,. der that tlie place was avoided by all, and pSt-)'! was half Borry ehe had come to it herself. If*.', She wrenehed her mind away from tho jgf ???' wonder whioh of the trees hBd been nsed as p: ' a gibbet, and resolutely recalled the old lj:. time, striving to fill the silence and desola B?-'--'- Son with the movements ot men and the |£i. glow of camp fires. The yard enclosure was jjt: Kone, but a broken gate post Muck up in Bfc; front, like a last tooth in the jaw of oid age. v ? B.uih dismouuted and fastened her horse to ip--.' »t. The pathway to the house was distinct bum »uu ITi'i* WCALCU| UIU UiD |»UnjU llCOlI r was nnBound, and sagged mournfully away from the building. Hnth crossed it dubi ously and laid her band on the door. Ad she did no her horte whinnied sharply, and ehe glanced baok at him, startl»d. There was : nothing in tight ; bo, concluding that the ; beast was simply protesting against being left, she poshed open the door and entered. The room to the right of the hall was the one in which the jovial general and his staff had toasted her on that far away morning. She glanced at it uuriously, noting ics utter desolation and the dirt and dilapidation which spoke of its hideous after days. She jKDoeeded op th» stairway, trying to revivify old associations and emotions, and failing signally . The 'now* was omnipresent, and for the then then oould be only the onsab stantiallty of a ghostly return. It was ol Qnthrie, not .of the guy young Confederate, ihat Bute thought as shs oioseed the npper hall and entered the small room in which their interview had taken plaoe. Here it was bettor: the room was moderately okan, and the window, while de nuded of a pane or two of glass, retained iU cashes. The gloom without had, lifted a little, and what scant sunshine there waa entered and lay in a segmented square on the floor. A shabby old table, too forlorn to tempt theft, stood in the centre of tLe room, and beside it a brokes-baehed ohair, whioh Beemed somehow to turn the edge of the general desolation. Bath seated herself and strove loyally to bring baok the past, even removing her gloves «o that she might derive inspiration from the wonder- wltoh's ring. So intent was ehe that she did not notioe the noiseless opening of an inner door, or the tqoally noiseless advance of a man in grey uniform. It was only when a quiet voice said, ' If a pretty Lard work ooDJnr ing it all back, Un't itf' that ehe looked op in terror, with her heart in her throat, to behold— the Confederate 1 For a delirious instant it seemed to her that she must be trysting with a ghost, and then Outline's voice, entreating forgiveness for a sordid trick was in her ears, and Guthrie's strong hands held hers in their clasp. Then, in a moment their Ayes had spoken, aad a great Bpell broke over her, and she vas gathered close in his arms, clinging on hiB breast, with his lips seeking here, and her heart all a- tremble with relief and love and comprehension. CHAPTER X!X. In the first fiueh of recognition, the link ing together of tor present and past, the realization that this new love of hers waa but a delayed growth and blossoming from too old root, Kuth yielded herself gladly and let love have its way. Bat after a little her omnipresent honesty reasserted itself. She pushed Quthrie from her with a quick exclamation that she had no right, — that he was tbe property of another. Guthrio, thanks to a hint from Hiss Vandan not utterly at sea, quietly drew her close again, holding her faoe against his breast and explaining that she herself, and no other woman, had held tbe first place in his heart «nce ibo far away raorsing when he had bi'Mou her fare w oil in the room down below abd left with her his pledge The neighbourhood had made a most natural blunder, he affirmed, but one exceedingly annoying to all parties. Then he laughed gayly and bade Ruth look to her own flush und o»™ toe Miss Vandan'e lover. Fate had given Hugh a ohan.oe at retaliation for scores by a bit of Northern oonquest, and, if signs went for anything he had embraced his opportunity. Ruin professed herself satisfied, and, hand in hand, they proceeded dowrmtairj, reviving the past more successfully in oompany. On sneir way UUI, limy viBiiau iuu iuwoe muui, which by some singular optical delusion ap peared to emerge from the hideoasness of later happenings and even to take on a bit of reflex cheerfulness. Guthrie ptoduoad the roan filly from an outhouse, where she had been stabled (a fact already oommented on by the descendant of Lapwing), and the pair rode away to gether. .During the ride GhitLrie explained sundry other matters. At Miss Van dan's instigation he had shaved off his beard, and borrowed Hugh's old uniform, which for tunately fitted him fairly well. He had made an extra early start and come ap to the gap that day, halting for a midday rest ft a House in the notoh. His intention had been to go straight to Miss Randolph's, but be hud miAesd his way a little, and finally turned aside into a field to interview a boy about it. While talking he had a glimpse of her, on horseback, in the road, and like an inspiration it come over him where she was going. Previous knowledge of the oonntry, and a few hurried directions from the boy, enabled him to utilise a short cut, and, by hatd riding to gnt to the goal ahead of her. Hugh bad told him that the house was unoccupied. The roan filly had proved her metal and been safely hidden in tbe ont hause full three minutes before Ruth had omerged from tbe pine forest. From aa upper window he had watched her approach, assured of tbe hold which the old time must have on her by her coming, and also by her wearing the hat with the crossed bayonets. Then he put out bis hand and took hers and drow the irlove from it, that he might lay his lips to her fiugors as he had done long ago. He drew off the ring, and then replaced it with, as he said, a deeper sig nifioancj. A.cA while tho horses moved eljvly, aide by side, he told her a brief ruuiue of i'.u h;oti ty. (The Ehb ) 