BY ROMA WHITE. CHAPTER X. The landlady came hui r.ving from the kit chen, and her husband had to toll Iiur that the fishermen had gone out even before ho repented Humphrey's orders. She lifted her hands, at tho news, with a gesture of des pair. "Poor souls—poor souls I They'll never live in yon sea." '• They are lino men," said Humphrey. " Aye, line indeed I" echoed tho landlady with some emotion. She took Humphrey and Esther to a clean but somewhat dreary parlour upstairs, with a bedroom adjoining it. There she lit two caudles, which guttered dismally m tho draught; and then engaged in an explosive encounter with a spluttering iire. The wind drove the smoke in frequent spouts down the chimney, whence it oozed slowly, a blue ghost liko presence, into tho room. Esther, however, sat down beside the hearth, and tlung her wraps 011 the table. She had an ap prehensive shuddering feeling, as if somo greut disaster were about to overwhelm tho world. The landlady went downstairs again, and Humphrey looked discontentedly about the room. It was bare and comfortless, vrith faded curtains and white-washed walls. The smoky tire made his eyes smatt, and yielded a melancholy pale flicker to t he hearth. Tho open bedroom door increased the universal draughtiness, and he shut and bolted it be fore joining Esther by tho dismal iire. Both doors, however, still shook and clanked against their framework, and the wide chim ney appeared to have net up in its depths a private and jjartiaular little whirlwind of its own. " It's a dreary place, Esther," ho said. " I don't mind," Bhe answered languidly, " we are further from tho sea." " I wonder how those brave fellows are getting on,"he resumed, with an involuntary sigh. " Ayo, sir, you ware quite right," broke in I tlio voice of tile landlady, as she reappeared ! with an apron full of drier chips,"those bravo j lads are out an' away on til' horse-bank. j There's two o' th' wives i' th' kitchen now : cryin' as if their hearts tvere like to break, j An' otherH oil 'om aro watchin' th" sea on til' front, i' teeth o' th' wind." '* Are nii.ny people out there now ? It was , quite deserted as we tame along." j " Aye, there'll be a crowd by now, I . reckon. Th' news that th' men ha' gone out '11 travel fast." " Will they save them ?" asked Esther j tremulously. The landlady turned to look with a touch of compassion at the young wife's palo face. " I carina Bay, my little leddy," she an- j sv.cred Badly, as sho went away. I .Nobody at the inn seemed to think of going to bed on that awful night. Footsteps passed | to and fro continually, and the kindly land- j lady made periodical visits to her guests, to tell them the news. Humphrey had drawn back their curtain, and went now and then to the window to look out. His instincts would have led him to the beach,but he know his presence wns comforting, and almost in dispensable, to Esthor. For an hour or two there came no tidings , from the front. Tho landlady wiped the tears from her eyes now, as sho passed up und down. Her husband had gone out to join the crowd of agonised watchers, and sho feared, from.his long Absence, that the poor : little boatload of noble men bad beon relent lessly swainpcd by that roaring wind-lashed Ben. It muBt'1 have been nearly twelve o'clock when a Bound of footstops, so numerous and clattering that they echoed above the occa sional lulls in the wind, came hurrying down the street. A noise of shouting accompanied the trainplings, and an immediate hubbub was audible downstairs. Humphrey hurried to the window to look out, and, as ho did ho, the front door below was opened, admitting so strong a draught, that their own door shivered and strained redoubly in its recess. The tramplings and the voices entered the house, the outer door was banged to again, and a sound of eager talking, of hysterical crying came up to the little parlour. Humphrey opened thoir own door, and wont quickly to the hoad of the stairB. His wife followed him, and leant, shivering with exeitcment, against the banisters. She could sec down into the ontrance, which still retained the sense of the admitted gust, in the bobbing of the lamp-flame, and the cold breath that seemed to hang over the stair case. The narrow hall below them waB ful' of peoplo; men-servants aud muid-servants, who Bhook hands hysterically with two fishermen in their midst. A smell of wot salt arose from the drenched garments of these moil, and Esther saw their dripping backs and glistening oil-skin caps as they were pressed and hurried into t he warm kitchen. Only throe people then were left in the hall; the landlord, a man who looked like a doctor, and one of tlio older maids. These three busied themselves silently about a figuro lying flat upon a long bensh. Then the landlady hurried from the kitchen with a blanket, asking some eager questions which Esther did not catch. The house maid withdrew, and it appoarcd that the other three worn nbout to remove from the DroBtrate ligure its <1 readied garments. For a few seconds Esther -jaw the motionless form clearly; the still face,the throat throwu a little back, the dark clinging hair, and the rivulets of water that dribbled .and streamed from the clothing and made 'dark puddles and meandering trickles upon tho ground. She saw it clearly, and made no attempt to move away from its presence. She bent her self over the railings instead, and stared at it dumbly. A strange horror grew in her eyes, and was stamped and petrified upon every lino of her white young face. Her fingers gripped tho rail until the skin whitened and tho veins darkened' with tho prossure. She fancied that sho had cried out, but, in reality, her stillness was so complete that Humphrey felt a sudden fear uuu turned to her. " Go back, Bother, ' ho said immoJiately' " you ought not to havo coino out." She lifted herself then, and looked at him, still with the dumb tenor in her gaze. He pulled hor quickly, almost roughly, into their own room, and Bliut the door behin:l thorn. " You shouldn't look at such things, Esther," ho said, half-anxious, half- vexed, '• they only make you ill. Sit down, and I will fetch you some water." He went into the bodroom for tho water, and bIio sat staring, Btill with that terrilled look, into tho tiro. The lineaments of tho prostrate figure were stamped into her vision; bIio saw them wherever she looked about tho littlo loom. Humphrey brought her the water, and Bhe drank it mechanically. Then at laBt Bhe apoko to him. " Humphrey," Bho Baid, " go and flee if he is dead." " Of course ha is not dead." Humphrey answered immediately. "Ho waB coming round quickly. Gut you ehould not have looked, silly obild." " Not dead, not dead?" ticlfood Esther drearily. " Esther, what is the matter ?" exclaimed her husband anxiously, putting his hand on hor forehead. " Why your slcin is like fire. Ifc'B all been too much for you—and how you aro shiver ing." " Humphrey," aho said, with an effort, and a strained look about the muscles of her mouth, " I want to toll you something. I want—" " Whatever you want to tell mo must wait for to-morrow," said Humphrey decidedly. " I am going downstairs now to get you something. And then you go straight to bed." He wont out of the room again, and Esther Bad huddled up, staring into the blazing logs The lirelight sent fantastic versions of hor iiguro dancing towards tho candle-ligl'.t; and the draught disturbed candle-light sent back ils own rendering of her to tlie tire. The blue smoke still oozed down into the room ; the two doors still creaked and shivored upon their hinges. Dowm.tairs tho only survivor of the wreck began to recover under the careful treatment of the doctor ami hiB helpers. And out on tho Bea-margin the waves still roared pitilcBBly upon the beach, and the tearing blast tore their rear ing crests into driving mists of foam. 