District Synods. Riverina District. The ministerial sessions were opened in tbe Wesleyan School, Wagga, on Thursday morning, Oct. 26fch, at 10 o'clock, when the Rev. Charles Jones, the chairman of the district, presided. The following, ministers were in atten dance : — Rev. H. Pennington, Rev. B. Dinning, Rev. W. G. Willard, Rev. J. Colwell, Rev. A. T. Huggart, B.A., Rev. J. Walker, Rev. C. McL. Barker, .and Rev. W. S. Wright. The Rev. H. Pennington was elected secretary, and the Rev. W. G. Willard assistant secretary. The usual questions referring to doc trine, discipline, character, and ability ?were asked and satisfactorily answered in each case. When dealing with the recommenda tions in reference to the theological training of candidates for the ministry, the following proposition by the Rev. J. ?Colwell, was carried. ' That this Synod ' again expresses its regret that no report on the work of the Theological Institu tion was submitted for its consideration.' It was reported that the Rev. Charles Jones and the Rev. M. Maddern would have completed their term in their res pective circuits next March, and would be due for removal. In the evening the chairman, the Rev. C. Jones, delivered an official sermon, taking for his text the 10th v. in the 13th chapter of Romans. Tbe sermon, ?was practical in its bearing and spiritual in its tone. Tbe sessions were continued on Mon day morning, the time being spent in the oral examination of the Rev. C. M. Barker, who was afterwards recom mended for ordination. The Revs. W. T. S.. Wright, H. Fleming, B.A., and J. A. Walsh were advanced a year in their probation. The Rev. H. Pennington moved a vote of sympathy with the widows and families of the late Revs. C. W. Graham and A. J. Webb, who had died since the last conference. The Synod adopted the resolution. The Liverpool minutes and the Twelve Rules of a Helper having been read, the minutes were read and signed by the chairman and Secretary, and the Synod then ad journed. 1 FINANCIAL SESSION. The financial sessions were com menced on Friday morning. The following lay representatives were in attendance: — Mr George Sides (Hay), Mr. J. G. Fletcher (Wagga), Mr. J. T. Wheatley, and Mr. J. H. Lord (Junee), Mr. S. Holloway (Coolamon), Mr. V. Bell (Lockhart). The chairman, the Rev. C. Jones, welcomed the laymen. It was resolved to resolved to recom mend that Narrandera and Wentworth be exempt from their obligation to take a married minister for another year. The Rev. J. Colwell moved, that in view of tbe Gospel Car travelling in the Riverina district, this Synod does not recommend that Balranald be made a Home Mission Station. On the motion of the Rev. Joseph Walker, it was recommended that Gundagai be made a Home Mission station, the station to include Gundagai, Adelong-crossing, Reno, Nangus, and Mundarlow. The Rev. H. Pennington read the statistical returns showing that in the district there are 32 churches, 3980 sittings, 72 other preaching places, 3 school buildings, 8 parsonages, 12 ministers, 36 local preachers, 7 class leaders, 719 members, 44 on trial, 9 Christian Endeavour societies, 207 enrolled members, 22 public schools visited, 5940 attendants at public service. The returns generally show an increase. Rev. B. Dinning, Sunday- school secretary, presented the Sunday-school returns, which show 34 schools, 187 teachers, 1634 scholars, 9 bands of hope with 478 enrolled members. There was an increase of 7 in the number of schools, and 175 in the scholars attending. The Rev. M. Maddern was elected representative to the stationing com mittee, and the Rev. H. Pennington and Messrs. G. Sides and J. G. Fletcher to the distribution committee. Com munication from the Treasurer of the Loan Funds was read by the chairman, and enquiries were made re the trusts in arrear. The representatives in each case stated that the matter was being dealt with. On re-assembling after lunch Mr. Norman, of Wagga, took his seat. Under the question of Home and Foreign Missions, Mr. J. G. Fletcher moved ' that we desire to express our gratitude to God for the success attend ing the efforts of the Church Sustenta tion and Extension Society during the past year, and commend the general secretary and the agents in the home mission stations for their share in this success. We are pleased to learn that the Gospel Car Mission has done good already, and believe there are great possibilities of usefulness in this branch of Home Mission work.' The Rev. J. Walker moved ' That this Synod desires to place on record its appreciation of the valuable work done by the General and Organising Secre taries of Foreign Misions. » The returns for the past year in con nection with these funds were read, and' the suggested amounts for each circuit named. The secretary having r^ad a com munication from the Rev. James Wool nough re the establishment of a con nexional fire insurance, Mr. J. G. Fletcher moved, ' That we approve of the establishment of a connexional fire insurance fund, to be under the control of the W- sleyan Methodist Church, and we recommend the Conference to insure the property throusjh the connexional funds.' The Synod agreed. The Rev. A. T. Huggart, B.A., read the property report. The cost of en largements effected during the year was £1307 3s 8d, and income applied to the reduction of the debt £1143 2s. New churches have been erected at Coota mundra and Coolamon. The Rev. James Colwell submitted the report of the Century Commemora tion Fund, forwarded by the Rev. Rainsford Bavin. The report was adopted... After some commendatory remarks by the chairman, Mr. J. G. Fletcher moved, and Mr. G. Sides seconded, ' That this Synod is gratified with the success attending the inaugu ration of the 20th Century Commemo ration Fund, and commend this move ment for spiritual and financial advance to the prayerful sympathy and hearty co-operation of all our people.' The Rev. B. Dinning moved, and Rev. Jos. Walker seconded, ' That this Synod recommends to the Conference that Home Missionaries be permitted to have a seat and a vote in the Finan cial Synod.' An interesting discussion on the work of God took place, and the following resolution was passed: — 'That this Synod, having heard the statistics which show a marked increase in mem bership and in the Sabbath-?chool re turns, hereby expresses its devout gratitude to Almighty God, for the manifestations of His powe»' and presence, and pledges itself to reuewed consecration and greater devotion, re solving to seek an outpouring of the Spirit of God upon all our circuits.' The Rev. Charles Jones was thanked for tbe official sermon delivered on Thursday evening. It was resolved ' That this District Synod recommends the Conference to direct that the circuit balance-sheets be forwarded to the chairman ten days prior to the date fixed for holding the District Synod.' . It was resolved ' That thi3 Synod deeires to bring under the notice of the ministers in the district the Home Department instituted in connection with our Sunday-schools, and respect fully requests them to establish the same wherever practicable.' It was resolved 'That this Synod expresses its gratification at the increase in the number of Christian Endeavour societies, and in their membership as disclosed in the returns presented to the Synod, and earnestly prays that God may continue to bless and prosper them throughout the ensuing year. It regrets that, owing to the distances separating the circuits in the district, the appoint ment of District Committees is imprac ticable.' On the motion of Mr. J. G. Fletcher the following resolution was agreed to : — ' That this Synod deplores the per sistent efforts which are being made by a certain section of the community to open public- houses on Sunday and to legalise gambling, and sympathises with tbe efforts of the defenders of the sanc tity of the Sabbath, and pledges itself to use its influence to resist all attempts to increase Sunday trading or to legalise gambling.' The Synod recommended that pros pective grants be made to Deniliquin, Wentworth, Narandera, Coolamon, Junee and Wyalong. The voting on the extension of the time of a minister's appointment to the same circuit showed : Trustees, for 50, against 13 ; Quarterly Meetings, for 58, against 22. A dis cussion followed, in which great difference of opinion was expressed, but I no recommendation was made to Con ference. A vote, expressive of thanks to the Chairman for the courteous way in which he had conducted the proceedings was unanimously carried. Mr. J. G. Fletcher, on behalf of the Wagga Circuit, invited the Synod to Wagga next year. The Synod accepted the invitation and decided that next year a convention for the deepening of the spiritual life be held during the sessions of the Synod. It was also resolved that the Chairman preach an official sermon. The Synod then adjourned. Goulburn. The 37th annual Synod of the Goul burn District commenced in the Lecture Hall on Wednesday, (Jet. 25th, at 9.80. At the Pastoral Session there were present the Revs. W. H. Parkinson (chairman) ; F. W. A. Roberts, Yass ; J. W. Winspear, Goulburn ; W. Weston, Cruokwell ; W. Pearson, Gunning; A. Stephen, Queanbeyan ; E. 0. Thomas, Young ; K. A. Corner, Mittagong. A dispens-ition of absence was granted to the Rev. R. M. Laverty on the ground of illness, and sympathy expressed with him in his affliction. The usual questions concerning minis terial character were considered and satisfactorily answered in each case. The Rev. E. A. Thomas was recom mended to be advanced a year in his probation. Permission was given to all the ministers of the district to attend Con ference. REPRESENTATIVE f-ESSION. At the afternoon session the lay representatives took their seats. From the report presented by the Property Secretary we gather that there are 41 churches, and 41 other preaching places, showing an increase of 1 church and 3 preaching places. There are nine parsonages and 10 ministers, 43 local preachers, and 20 class leaders. The attendants upon Divine service are 5490, or an increase of 195. There are 212 active, 83 associate, and 15 honorary members of the Christian Endeavour, an increase of 116. The Sunday-school report disclosed that there were 25 schools. The number of children enrolled is 1675, an increase of 17. These schools were maintained at a cost of £160 for the year. The teaching staff numbers 177. In the Bands of Hope there are 478 pledged abstainers. The ballot for representative to the Conference resulted in Rev. W. Weston being elected. Rev. J. W. Winspear, with Messrs. W. S. Foxall audE. Long, were elected to the Distribution Com mittee. After discussion it was unanimously resolved that in the opiniou of this Synod it is advisable that a Connexional fire insurance society be formed. It was recommended that Crookwell, Yass, Young, and Queanbeyan receive grants from the Sustentation Fund. On the question of the extension of the term of the pastorate to a possible five years it was found that out of eight Quarterly Meetings, five voted in favour and three against. At those meetings, there were 58 present, 87 voted for the extension and 20 against. The voting in the Trustee Meetings, of which 20 were held, resulted in 23 voting for and 28 against. The voting in the Synod on the question showed that there were seven for and four against. The chairman set the invitation from the Bowral Circuit to hold the Synod next year in that town, which was unanimously accepted. The evening session was devoted to the consideration of the work of God. Nearly all of the members spoke on the subject, when it was resolved, ' We humbly record our deep and increasing concern for the Church of Christ of which we are part. We are devoutedly thankful that many signs of life and progress are manifest in every circuit in the district. We are convinced that there are urgent reasons for carefulness, that in many of the new habits and methods of Church life to-day, supreme regard be paid to the essential importance of persoual devotion to the Lord Jesus Ghrist and to the continual desire for the teaching and inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Thus only shall we con tinue to spread Scriptural holiness through the land. For increased fitness for this work we resolve to labour and pray. With thanks to the kind hostess' fo' their proverbial hospitality, ended the shortest and one of the pleasantest Synods ever held in Goulburn. 