SHORT STORY. \- - - - - - - - - - - - SSome Scottlsh Ghosts. Castles and Mansions _at are ?M~aunted Scotland, the land of deep enthusiasm and poetic feeling, is essentially a land of superstition; witness the firm belief of the peasantry in the weird traditions of the -West -nd the Highhltnds, in the un canny apparitions, foreboders of evil to the family to whom rthey belong, and -their-avoidance of the so-called abodes of ~ghosts and evil spirits. Nor do they stand alone in their beliefs; among the upper class credence is given to much \- that is supernaturil, and not without cause, as the history of the ancient Castle of Ghamis in Forfarshire relates. Although the -w-hole house abounds in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber in particular is known as the -Haunted Rioom," and access to this fearsome place is only known to Lord Sr-athmore, his heir, and the factor. There is no doubt whatever about the noises; one night when they were more weird and unearthly than usual, the present Earl. with several chosen com panions, determined to investigate the cause, and went to the room. HIardly had his lordship opened the door, when he fell back swooning. Nor could he ever be persuaded to tell what he saw, or even to mention the subject One old story is that during a feud between the Isndsays and Ogilvies some of the latter clan, in flight from their enemies, besought hospitality from the- owner of Glamis. He gave them shelter in this room,; but, under plea of hiding them, left them there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly re muains which startled the Earl, but what -ever it was is still a st-cret. Another srtry is that of " Earl Patie," celebrated for many vices, but above all for that of gambling. He played continually, hob nobbing with his humblest servitor, could he not obtain another partner. However, one -.Lord's Day" no one could be persuaded to play with him. The chaplain heaped anathemas on the head of any one who dared to desecrate the "Sawbath' by touching the "Devil's bricks," as he designated c-ards. Earl I'atit, rather than be thwarted in Mis desire, invoking the " foui fiend" to -be-his partner, locked himself into his room. The "" dell" came, and then the fun was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, and shrieks terrified the inmates, and the butler, uoraver than the rest, putting his eye to the keyhole, had it sorely scorched fc" his curiosity. The Earl, coming out for a minute to get the ,wherewithal to s~ettle up with, returned only to find the room empty, and no where could any trace of his ghostly ecomrade be found. After his death, five years later, the same noises were con stantly heard issuing from the room and I-aloTn. the corridors-. Allanbank, the seat of the ituarts, is haunted by the ghost of " Pearlin Jean." She was the wife of the first baronet, and. a Frenchwoman, whom he married in Paris and deserted. When returning to his native land she appeared at the last moment to bid him good-bye, and stood on the forewheel of the coach to address him. Much annoyed, he bade the postillion drive on; the lady fell, and the wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival home, when driving under the arched entrance gateway, Sir Robert saw "Pearlin Jean" sitting on -the top, her head and shoulders covered -with blood, and for years the rustle of silk and patter of Louis XV. heels was heard along the passages. . There is perhaps no more notorious ; host than the " Alirlie Drumziler'" ; his haunt is an ancient stronghold, Cor tachy Castle, belonging to the Earls of Airiie. Whenever his drum is heard ihose round take it as a sure token of .he speedy death of one of the Ogilvie !amily. The origin of the story is that -:he.jealonsy of a former Lord of Airlie was roused either by the drummer or \--he officer whose messenger hle was. . n rage he thrust the man into his drum, \- nd hiung him out of the window of the ower in which the music is usually xeard The victim threatened, if his ife were taken, to haunt the family, The Greeks say that "one Greek is -equal to two Jews, but that one Armenian is equal to two Greeks." The Coliseum a-t Rome was built to accommodate 100.000 spectators. It co vered 5% acres of land, and was 120ft high PAT : Phat's a phrenologist I Tlr : 'Whoy, a mon who can tell phwat koind ad mon you be by the bumps on yer head. PAT : That's funy ! Why I should ha' thought. begobs, he could better tell- whot koind of a wife laine is by the b-unps on my head. and he has been as good or rather a bad as his word. The music of the hapless drummer has often been heard, and quite recently, within the memory of those living; in 1S44 before the death of Lady Airlie, and in 1849 before the death of the ninth Earl. Spedlin's Tower, now a ruined Border fortress, was long haunted by the spirit of a miller named Porteous, who, being suspected of arson, was incarcerated ;n the dungeon by Sir Alex. Jardine. Hav ing occasion to go away from home, he forgot all about his -prisoner, who per ished of hunger. No sooner was he dead than his ghost began to torment the family, and gave them no rest night or day. At last, by the aid of several ministers, the demon was exorcised, and a Bible was placed in a niche in his celL Years after it was thought necessary to have the Bible rebound. Accordingly it was sent to Edinburgh for that purpose. It had not been long on its way before the ghost left its dun geon, fled over the river to the new home to which the family had recently removed, hauled the baronet and his wife out of bed. causing much terror and disturbance. Only through return ing the Bible to its niche in its old con dition was Porteous's revengeful ghost quieted, and peace again restored. Woodhouse Lee, the seat of the Fraser Tytlers, is visited by the spirit of Lady Hamilton, of Bothwellhaugh. Her hus band is known as the murderer of the Regentiurray atLinlithgow in1859. and surely no assassin had ever greater pro vocation. Knowing Lord Hamilton was from home, the Regent seized his house, turned his wife and child out naked into the fields; before morn she was a raving lunatic, her infant dead, pro bably murdered, and now her restless spirit haunts the abode of her former happiness. Part of the masonry of the old building was used for the present mansion, which is built on the Pentlani IHlls, four miles distant from the scene of the tragedy ; and but a few ye= ago the domestics were terrified by the Apparition of a lady robed in white holding a child in her arms, which shows the spectre is still faithful to her old home. The Inverary ghost is another well authenticated story, the hearse of which drives up to the door of the Castle be fore the decease of any member of the Argyll family. It is said, during the illness of the late Duchess, that two of the servants at Inverary, while resting in the gloaming, heard the noise of wheels, unbarred'the great door of the entrance- hall, and, on opening it, found nothing there. Shortly afterwards they heard -of the death of their mis tress. Dunvezan. the home of the Maeeoda, -he oldest inhabited castle of Scotland, is visited by those delightful spirits fairies. There is still the fairy flag, given centuries ago to the Chief of Macleod by the fairies, and which al ways brought them victory when they took it into battle. A room in the tower is devoted to them, music and dancing are often heard, but all vanishes when the door is oper.- " Gentlewoman." 