(i!$)NFTII{ATION. SP. ~IMALtY'S ROMAN CATHOLIC OLtULICH. A co0r0nFrAToTi 'ervioe, which attracted a good deal of local intcreot, was conducted at St. Mary's Roman Catholio Church, on Sunday morning last. The ceremony took place alter the II o'clock mass, which was celebrated by the tev Father Hrady. During the muss ap. properitoe ut::ic was rendered by the choir, assistance being given by Mr. W. T. Gray on the violin, whilet Mise Watson presided at the organ. The colo parts were taken by Misses L Johnston and Kelly, cnd Meaerr. J. Johnston and J. Dwycer. At the coneluion of the mase the front pews in the body of the church were, at the rgou:st of Father Brady, vacated in order to mako room for the candidates, who marched up the aisle, the females filing into the seats on I the left, and the males into those on the right side. In all, 165 candidates--83 females and 82 males--presenteod themselves for confirma- tion at the hands of his Grace Archbishop Duone, of Brisbano. For the greater part the candidates were young people, although there were a few adults amongst them. The female candidates had received preparatory intru- I tlion from the Bisters of Mercy, whilst the males had been tutored by the OChristian I Brothers. The females were all attired in white costumes, and had the usual confirma tion medals suspended from their necks by means of red ribbons, whilst the males wore, as a distinguishing badge, a pale blue sash, with a centre strip of red, across their let shoolders, with the ~medals affixed thereto over their left breasts. When the candidates were seated his Grace expressed himself as pleased to learn that they had been well instructed in their catechism, a fact which he had asoertained when he had ex amined them on the previous day. It now de volved open him to say a few words on the sacrament of confirmation. When, as infants, they were baptised, they, through their spon sore, undertook to renounce the devil and his works and powers, and to serve God through life with their hearts and souls. They, or rather their sponsors, on their behalf, coven anted to perform that vow, and the Almighty God covenanted with them to give them help during their lives and everlasting hap piness after their death. When they were old enough the Church invited them to come forward and renewon their own behalf the promise made by their sponsor., and ordered the Bisbop to renew the promeise which Al mighty God made to them. In a sentence, the sacrament of confirmation was the aot of con firming the covenant made at the time of baptism. Two things were necessary to make the contract what it should he. One was that they should have arrived at an age to be able to know what they were doing, and the second essential was that they should understand fairly well the law of God which they undertook to observe. Generally speaking candidates should not be under 11 years of age, and they were required to know the eatechism, which was the law of God; or rather the catebchsm contained, in a manner suited to their young minds, the law of God. They would understand that God's law was contained in the 10 command ments, which covered the whole obligation of man to his Creator and his neighbours. The first, seeood, and third commandments set forth man's duty to God. The fourth dealt with the duty of children to their parents, for the latter had first claim after God Almighty upon the respect of their children; whilst the fourth, filth, sixth, and seventh had reference to man's duty to his neighbours. lfan's rights on this earth could be elassed under four heads. An innocent man had a right to his life, his family, his property, and to his character, and therefore the commandments referred to stipu lated thbat those four rights should be respected. And the cninth and tenth commandments stated that they must not even desire to do those things which were prohibited by the preceding com mandments. The catechism then was an en planation of the commandments, or, in other words, an explanation of the law of God which tbhe candidates undertook to observe. The prin cipal parts of the saorament of confirmation were three in number. Firs', there was the ex tending oi the Bishop's hands on the heads of the candidates; secondly, the anointing of the candidates' foreheads with chrism with the sign of the cross ; and third'y, the invoking of the Holy Ghost to come down and take possces eion of those who had been so consecrated. Chrism was used because it was the sacnored oil with which the kings of old were consecrated. The candidates then went forward in couples, and individually received the sacrament at the hands of the Archblehop. The females went first, and the males afterwards. The former were presented to his Grace by Mesdames J. J. Petford and J. F. Gilmore, and the latter by Messrs. E. J. Pender and W. J. Lynch. Subsequently addressing those who had been confirmed, his Grace said, " You have reoeived this great gilt of the Holy Ghost-the sacora ment of confirmation. It is a great treasure a great bselsing. God has distinguished you very much in giving it to you, and you should understand thoroughly that you must be very careful of this treasure. There are a great many dangers before you In life-a great many rocks on which you may be shipwreeked. There are three in particular which I always speak of to the young people wherever I go. These three things wbich you should be most careful to avoid are idleness, bad company, and the neglect of God Almighty. Idleness is the mother of a great deal of mischief and especially amongst children who are so bright, smart, and intilllgent as you are. If you are not working to please God you will be woiking for the devil. Therefore, I say, keep working for God. That is why I urge the advisability of keeping you children at school. Whilst you are at school you should attend regularly, as there you will not only learn reading, writing, da , but you will also learn one thing of infin itely greater value -the habit and practice of good, honest work. A man who is fuond of good, honest work will never be found in gnol. I am proud to see a child who rejoices over a good exercise, a well-drawn map, or sums neatly and correcrly done. Isay, avoid idleness. If you are a loafer when you are young, you will be one when you grow up. You will be like those who loaf about the country pretending to look for work saned wishing all the time that they may not get it. They must cat and drink and they like to have mpney; and the result is that they steal; and girls-they do worse than that. You shou]d also avoid had books, bad eompanions, tilae hours, and lonely places How many a little bhy or girl, one the joy of his or her mother's heart, has subshequntly nearly broken his or her parert's hes:rts as a result of some ehiug done which bhat been the outcome of kceping late houro with bed companione. There asu ix Mlagdales asylumo in Brisbane, one of whico s? a Catoolic Illmltu wbhere there are 22 young gtirls (woo have no husbandsd) wich their ireod. I his all rcnilted frorm the keeping of bid compamois Parent, you should keep a creful watuin over your children. There are msoy muo.ers who ,:stantly detect a ep.eck on huir cl:ldlren's' cloths or face, bhut they cannost see a speck oi their cllidrce's characters, and a good many hbuse eo,, ruised who might have bhcis soseld uad the m siher been careful to re move the rp-ck .f sti In th, fi-st intancoe. I wa?sln you eausi. i iaot to neglect yeur duty to God-nat to is tieat mass, cosfersioi, or holy comuousiou. Nh.o, children, I will administer lu you the plosge of lsttal abstinence until you are 25 ),'.rc of age This prao tLu war inttletatd by Archbishop Polding over fii:y .?ar- ep. If there are any parenrts who ir ot w.c r hei- cair ildren to be pledged, then that is iisuogh. Y~u hIave only to let m, know ionld slls names will not be rh gistered. Now, astass up. childrenro, and I will ~ive you the pledge." ia response those who had been eoifirms-d roec to ttleir feet iind', holdlng up their right haunlds, repeatid tne fulollowiig pledge afer IIs, Gliace: -to*i the pre.sence of Almighty God d .nd Hib blessed mn:tlher asd all is uag.ls ansd sainssr I prtinise to abstaio, utlil I oam 25 ear?f f ago. erom the use of all iotoxicatisg dit sk,anid I pray God, through the intercession of 111s ile4sed inother ai d ?ll His aegels and satnto, to give mne grace tlud strength to keep this holy promose." NowH seal it with the sibgil 0 5a eeo.s," .said hiis Gras-, anid liles tOQq Ase,.d?o'; h.::'g uheycd, th, 1,.e hIchop then Faid, " May God grant you grace to kch I, it; m:y God bleh6 and watch over you; and nl ." this c ,.fi'nll ition Ibe 0 crown to you by Inin r 'n r inn hlinn yin." TI?- nEngrgtigtou lheu disperend. 