A MINGLED YARN. "I he web of our life is of a mingled yarn. Bv Asmodkus The nice little , sum of £120,Ui)U. has been collected for the purpose of found ing the Gordon' College at Khartoum. The Gordon College promises to be the most gigantic 'white elephant of modern times. Its principal object is to point out to the unenlightened fuzzy -wuzzy . the iniquity of eating peas with a knife and the advantages of wearing chimney pot hats and frock-coats instead of a sock and a nose-ring. The Coolgardie Miner lately reproduced a letter from one T. Sharland to the West .4 ustmliun, in which grievous complaint 1ft nvidA pnnooi«r»i nrr +Va monnor in Will fill the commissioners are boycotting other thau Coolgardie tradesmen in respect to the work being done at the building. In the letter, as quoted, appeared the follow ing statement by Sharland " At present there is not a single exhibit in the build ing this, of course, is sheer, nonsense.— Ed. Ji.J, and in three weeks the exhibi tion opens." Note the polite interpola tion of the editor. If that exhibit had been pointed out to Mr. Sharland he would probably have admitted that it was.there. If he had spent some time looking for it, it is ten to one that he would have found it. He should have examined the building carefully before saying such a thing. ' # The Salvation Army man provides a good deal of amusement to his fellows in many ways. .His humor is so delight fully unconscious, too, and he has so exalted an opinion of bis wonderful superiority to the rest of the world. The other night, going up the street, stopped to listen to a young cub describing his having been a monster of: iniquity in times gone by. He didn't specialise his favorite wickedness, but it was probably wagging it from school, or ' doing something equally awful. However, he hud been saved, and he was inviting others to come up and do likewise. There was no lialf-lieartedness or diffidence about the young man. He bad no doubt that lie could show the way to the happier world " I'm offering you to-night a certainty of Jieaven. I'm ottering you to-night all the iovs of heaven. Will von come in and take them from me ? " Probablj' he would have found a good many takers had the crowd felt sure he was the dispenser of eternal sa'vation. But nobody seemed to take him seriously, and nobody accepted heaven from bis hands. He was so convinced of his own salvation and his neigh Lois' damnation as 'to recall the story of the boy in Sunday school.1! Tlie teacher remarked, "All little children who lie, or steal, or fight, or don't go to church will go to the bad place when they die," Little Charlie burst into tears. " " But you wont go there. Charlie," said the teacher, sooth ingly. " No." sobbed Charlie, "1 know I . wont, but all my friends will." ' Another S.A. man. with a voice the component elements 06 which seemed to be a fog-horn and a lightning saw in full blast, was proudly narrating the fact that lie was, in unregenerate days, called Dick the Devil, because of his manifold wickednesses and unutterable turpitude of heart. He dwelt with such a pleased unction upon this fact that it was evident he was far prouder of his awful past than of his regenerate present. The unfor tunates who were obliged to listen to his strident-raucous narrative will doubtless be glad if he will go to his heavenly home as soon as possible. He maybe well meaning, but no man with a voice like that should be permitted to ojit- vociferise vociferation in search of souls to save. He might have made his mark as a bookie, but has missed his vocation as a preacher of the' word. ; T Another cheerful preacher was attempt ing to bring home hell-fire to the hearts of the people, as it were. ' According to his account of it, Tophet must be mainly peopled by persons whose character will compare more than favorably with the majority of mankind here above. Alto gether, I should judge that, apart from the climate, it is really not a bad place at all. So far as society is concerned, there seems to be no dearth of really decent fellows there— fellows who had never committed any serious breach of the . de calogue, but had slipped in through not having had time to repent, "or, as is more often the case,' through not having done anything sufficiently serious in their esti mation to necessitate repentance. But it is "not iuhis own sphere alone that the' Salvationist can be humorous. The most delightful instance of uncon scious humor lately placed on record was that of the soldier of the army who joined the noble army of free-laborers, or black legs, at the Fremantle wharf. This individual was a hero and he wasn't afraid to let people know it. When the big crowd at the Wollowra were jeering and- hooting this hero of a hundred bun struggles came forward in dramatic fashion and exclaimed: "I know that the police are not strong enough to save our lives, but I am willing to die." His willingness to die seemed hardly com patible with' his anxiety to make a living —at somebody else's expense. Probablv he is the' first man on record who was willing to die in order to make a living. # The unco'guid of Perth— there are sucli people in Perth— are greatly exercised in mind just now because some daring per son with a little common sense has suggested that one way to induce young folk to come off the street and leave the public bouse is to offer them something in -the shape of harmless amusement away from the resorts mentioned. The W.C.T.U. is actively considering the pro priety of providing a clubroom for young men, and furnishing the same with a billiard table. As one. member put it : " Why should the devil have all the at tractions.'" This member of the W.C.T.L. shows that she has sense enough to know that considered merely as a recreation there is no more harm in a. game of billiards than there is in drink ing a cup of tea. But the unco' guid are up in arms against the proposal. They don't want the ways of virtue to be made ways of pleasantness. They want the way to the New Jerusalem made as hard and rocky and demnebly unpleasant for warm- blooded humans of social instincts as it is possible to make it. The' Times, in criticising the work .of the recent session, of the United States Congress, states that the session resulted in the killing of many flagrant jobs, in cluding the Nicaragua Canal project. There seems no special reason to suppose that the canal has been killed, or even scotched. For a dead job it seems a par ticularly live project. It is probably live enough yet to swallow a good many millions of dollars. Italy, following the lead of the other Powers, has demanded a slice of Chinese territory, or, at any rate, a lease of Sanyau Bay. The Chinese Tsung-li-Yamen re fused to grant the bay, and this reply is denounced as insolent and minatory by the haughty Italians. Hence the Italian Minister at Pekin declines to speak to the insolent Tsung-li-Yamen, but a party of Italians have landed>at Sanyau Bay and taken possession. Italy is evidently de termined to play in China's yard whether the Brother of the Sua and the Moon con sents ,or does the other thing. Italy's action is about the most Arctic piece of chilled-steel cheek tfiat has yet been brought to the light of day even in con nection with this partition of Chipa business. Mind you, Italy didn't ask'for. a lease of the bay. No 1 She demanded it. It reminds e j of a story told me by a friend who was attacked by go rotters on his way to Piccadilly one nigh t. The gentle garotters demanded all his spare cash. He, however, backed into a fence and prepared to face them, atthesamj time calling theiu -Thieves." ThA opprobrious epithet excited them to a pitch of ungovernable rage. They called iiim au infernal cheeky hound for using such language to them an 1 f 01 resisting their demands. Eventually they got him down, took all his spare cash, maltreated him very severely, and then left bim with a solemn warning not to speak like that to them. They would not submit to such contemptuous and minatory terms— from any person not armed with a revolver. So it is with Italy. She does not mind steal ing, but she objects to be called ii thief by any unarmed slant-eyed heathen. . ' "Rarmaiils O '.'fl m llial Lntln T r-\ tLin respect and others they differ some from from the ordinary folk of commerce. A barmaid has to learn her trade. It is true that nearly all baruiaidons are from the beginning . theroughly equipped with an armory of seductive tones and fascinating smiles. But these things belong to- them by virtue of then sex, and nob merely as adjuncts to business, though of course business urgencies improve the quality and quantity of both these means of leading the erring male into the hopeless perdition of the front and saloon bars. Still there can be no doubt that barmaids, at some stage of their existence, have to learn how to concoct the yarious forms of liquid smile to which men are so woefully pr-.ne. Where they learn is a question yet to be answered, for a bar maid who can't pull a beer pump or scientifically put together the various ele ments of half-a-dozen compounds is as scarce as hen's teeth or dead mules. Ere sumably there is, a training institute somewhere for bar Hebes. ' It is on record, however, that one girl, in Kalgoorlie was once successfully beaten by a request for a " cocktail." As Zeb Lane is the authority for this fact its truth cannot be doubted. It appears that Zeb was one morning suffering a re covery from a too prolonged abstinence the night before from the cup that ele vates. In order to pat his system in order lie strolled into the bar and re quested the ministering augel of the bar to supply . him with a cocktail. In reply to a puzzled look of inuuirv lie renoatwl the order. _ The young lady then care fully examined the various shelves, taking down various whiskies, brandies, rums, etc, etc, and then apologetically remarked that she was sorry, but " we haven't got any of that brand in." Zeb saw how the land lay and showed her how a cock tail was manufactured. She could not liave graduated under a better teacher, for Z.L. is a daisy at the making of' Yankee and other mixed drinks. V Some people have an idea that the age of Faith is gone for ever. That may be so, but superstition lingers, as anyone knows who uses his bump of thought. Superstition about everything, but par ticularly about gambling, perhaps. How many hundreds of men, who ' think they are level-headed, bet every year on the strength of dreams dreamt by themselves and their wives, or their friends and ac quaintances ! Hundreds of people think it unlucky to start any new enterprise on a Friday, thousands believe in ghosts.tor profess to do so, while only crauks or foolhardy folk will dine thirteen to a table. . The " thirteen " superstition is perhaps the most widely -diffused and inveterateJy persistent of the lot. Even those who do not believe in it experience a feeling that all is not right if it is suddenly discovere.1 that they are helping to form a party of 13\. In America the 13 superstition lias some queer manifestations. One is the formation of a Suicide Club consisting of the fatal number of members. Every year one of the members is obliged by the rules of the Thirteen Club to give him self the happy despatch, and thus to verify the superstition that if 13 dine at a table one of the number is sure to " throw in his marble " during the year. The other instance of the dread with which this number is regarded is the fact that hotel managers in America rarely have a room numbered 13. They find that most of their visitors will positively refuse to sleep in a room so numbered. So they skip 13 altogether. Their bed rooms are numbered consecutively up to 12, and the next room, in defiance of arithmetic is numbered 14. " ' / w - ' lu this connection, it is told that when Konemann, of Boulder mill ing fame, first came to Kalgoorlie he created a little puzzlement. # Mr. Konemann is not, as many imagine, a German. He is one of the real old Dutch- American stock of Knickerbocker blood. When he first came to Kalgoorlie he was accompanied bj Mrs. Konemann. The Palace was "full" at the time, the only room vacant being No. 13. When Mrs. Konemann discovered they were about to be put into a room bearing the fateful number she protested that on no account would she sleep in it. Kone mann went to the office and asked for another room, as he and his wife could not think 'of staying in No. 13. However, there was no other room available. When this fact was made known to the pair, Mrs. Konemann still declared that she would not stay in the room, and she and her better half went forth to seek a resting place elsewhere, Mr. Konemann firing a parting shot by stating that he had travelled a good deal, but he had neyer heard before of "a hotel with a No. 13 in it." It V Some people are strong on geography. Some people are not. Very likely Aus tralians make as many mistakes as any body else, but that is a matter for other people to settle. The following address on a letter recently posted in Albany shows that our Afghan brother can mix some certainties with a fair amount of uncertainly and a diabolical disregard of orthography. Here it is " To Partah Singh, Indian man, Post Office, Ochtoria, generally in Mailbund City, iii Countery Australia, Europe." Except for a slight haziness about spelling and the conviction that Europe was somewhere on this side, you will see that the Indian gentleman got in most of tlie facts. No doubt when the Gordon College has been instilling the three R's. into tne Soudanese for a few years they will know as much about spell ing and geography as the poor Indian. Anyhow,. the aforesaid Indian seems to be about as precise in his facts as the French paper which soJomnly printed as an item of news the information that there had passed through Marseilles and Paris "Sir Dar Kitchener, Duke of Khartoun, Member of the Chamber of Lords, Chief of the Military Council of Great Britain, and Goveruor'General of the Central African Indies." "Limitless expansion entails limitless resuonsibilities." — Camobell-Bannerman. Northam ,rTiser admonishes the chaff- growing Arcadians of Northam concern ing the quality of the stuff they impose upon the guileless chaff merchant. The merchants, it appears, are supplied with excellent samples,' upon approval of which they buy in bulk. When the bulk comes forward it is found in many cases to be inferior to sample. The sample is good, but the bulk, " in too many cases, is not chaff, but rubbish." The depres sion, according to the Advertiser, is " mainly due to our avarice. Avarice ig and has been the ruin of the colony. Avarice is and has been the ruin of in dividuals, and the sole cause of depres sion in Western Australia." 