i A SWIMMING CABNIVAL. While the teaching of swimming to public school pupils has not been made compulsory, it has now become not only a recognised part of school education, but one which is enconraged in every possible manner. There is no need tb dilate on the utility of this, though in oarentliesiB it might|;*e suggested to tbe Department of PjaHio Iastraction that it is unfair' to ijSpow' an appreciable portion - of the bttffl&rf; of the cost of having boys and gjiclsFriottKht to swim 'en .the teachers in the labile ichoolB -who are compelled to escort those pay^j and girls to and from the' baths, which is yght and proper, and are also compelled to pay their own tram, train, and 'bus .fares,- which- does iiofc keem right and proper. . This, however, is a detail. The utility of having the .pupils in our public schools taught to .swim would only be denied by persons who deny the utility of soap and water. Of these there is cer- 1 tainly »-r«JOOgnuable proportion in aooUtyj] but the vast majority of people, , fcbwf ' ever /much some may secretly approve- o want of cleanliness, do not care openly to 'advo cate it. As swimming, involves lar higher considerations than even cleanliness, though each are conservative of human life, it maybe taken for granted that only a very foolish person -would oppose the methods of the Public Instruc tion Department in disseminating a knowledge of swimming. There is another development of this question, however, and that is its production ox competition from, an athletic point ' of view, which has to be recognised. Teach boys and girls co swim and-you probably incite in them - more general desire for competition than you. do when you teach them to read and. write. The latter arts aze looked upon more as opining within the scope of mere duty, and often unpleasant and unnecessary', duty, but swimming offers to the y«nng idea glories of competition almoRt equal to those of cricket, and less like the fighting practices of the Dervishes than those of football- The outcome of what we may call publfb school swimming therefore '. is naturally a kind of Olympic conteit in swimming in which the winners will receive awards of prowess. These contests have how been in progress for sqine time in individual schools or districts, but they are £6 culminate' next Saturday in what is known as a carnival, which will, have about it something classical^ or pertaining to old Borne or Greece, that is, ' if we superadd modern environments to the conditions of old Roman or Grecian games. Next Saturday there will be held in the Fitzroy Dqok a public schools' championship swimming carnival, which wi'l have not' only in the numbers of: its competitors, but in its sur roundings, something qaite gigantic about it. The Fitzroy Dock will give a sheet of water for 'swimming contests on which events may be desided without the turn which bo often gives unfair advntages to some competitors. Five thousand spectators will be accommodated with seats around the Dock, whiljp the adjacent rocks will provide sitting.' accommodation and view ' for many thousands more. Really on Saturday next thera will be something more like a national and represen tative gathering in one direction of athletics than is even presented*by a big cricket match. Satur day's athletics will also be useful, which is more than can be said of all athletics. The vhole thing should, be something like a triumph for tboEe who have had the working up of the movement for promoting athletic and swimming teaching in our public scnools, and of this working' up ' the heaviest share has, of course, fallen upon the secretary or organiser, Mr. Southwell. Of course the meeting could ' not be per mitted to pass off without the usual, protest from certnin worthv people who see terrible danger to public iu orals in boys and girls competing (in separate swimming races however) in public, it is this kind of false modesty that begets tbe prurient ideas which are too prevalent among the young. Falsa modesty always begets immorality. The Aiere suggestion tiint there is anything indecorous about a swimming contest is just what makes those immorally inclined put inte practice their immoral propensities. A meeting of nice people with rather hasty ideas has asked the Minister of Public Instruction to inter vene and prevent the girls' Ewimming contests being held before an audience of men and women and boys and girls on Saturday. Mr. Hogue is himself one of the mest modest of niac, and it will doubtless come as a shock to kirn that any one could suppose him capable of sanctioning anything immodest. At the same time, if he takes the .really proper and modest, and not the prurient, view of the question at issue, he will find himself running in a couple with the Post master-General, and will have certain vials of Bacerdotal wrath ooured out upon hiau The liberal contribution of Mr. Longstaff towards an Antarctic expedition appears to have started the ball rolling with a vengeance, and ?there is little doubt but that other wealthy individuals will be found to make up the sum wanted. Two expeditions are even now supposed to be wandering about the antarctic ice somewhere looking for the South Pole, one English and one Belgian, but they are but ' circumstances ' compared to what the proposed expedition will be. Tiien the Germans are going to start one next year, and altogether the vicinity ot yje aouth. Pole promises to be as bu^y as Circular Quay on Easter Monday. One strange feature about the thing is the competition seemingly going on between Newnes and Harmsworth, both men who have made their money by the cheapest forms of literature. Newnee has backed Borchgrevinlt.and made a big mistake in not Beading Rougemont, who would have found the South Pole without turning a hair. Harmsworth puts his money (£5000) on the expedition of weight and respectability, sanctioned and assisted by' the E. U. S. Both, as beforesaid, ar« purveyors of ephemeral literature, but Newnes will pro bably have lost public confidence by initiating a magazine, purporting to life a second George Washington, and- which, during its short career has toid uiore jcalm. deliberate, unblushing fiction than aay penny dreadtuL Therefore, when Horchgrevink, who is a . good, reliable man, comes back with a taje of what the London ' Daily Neirs' calls 'immense possibilities/' people will, vulgarly speaking, wink the other eye. By the way what immense possibilities can exist at the South, Pole, beyond an ample field for romance F But that is a question for the ' Daily News' to answer when the time comes.' Meanwhile it looks very much as though a serious attempt is going to be made to penetrate the Antarctic region, and settle a few scientific theories as to magnetic attraction which are still in dispute. Beyond that, tcost authorities agree that nothing more can be expected. However, the one thing that appeals to us is the fact that Kngl&nd; should as usual be in the van of scientific discovery, and the apathy of the Admiralty on the question is inconsistent with tradition. During the storaiiest times of the Napoleonic wars, the knglish Government had 'peaceful discovery ships going on with their work in all parts of the world; Now the Admiralty would let Geimany take the lead but for private enterprise. From Melbourne comes the report of a police court incident which reads as though either the rales of, the court there were very Ijx or very slight, Jand needed cold steel to enforce them, A young Grecian gentleman bearing the classical name of Evangelos Kalafirs, was charged with throwing a knife at another gentleman from Mfyiritius, who bore the name of Rose, and the aSray happened among the congenial surroundings 'of a fish shop. Kose on being asked how the deed was done is reported to have illustrated it by gripping a knife from a constable standing by, flourishing it round his head and hurling it, at the door, in which it stuck. Presumably the knife was marked exhibit 1, or 2, or 3; but if this was not the case, what was the constable doing with a knife in his hand under the circumstances ? Was he picking his teeth with it and enjoying the feeling of good digestion which waits on appetite, or was he wielding it after the fashion 'bowies' used te be brandished ia the good old days of the United States? Which ever it was the prosecutor missed a fine oppor tunity for a sensational vengeance. If he had hurled it at the accused and transfixed him what a glorious denouement it would have been. If every ghost story were as susceptible of easy explanation as that telegraphed by our W ingham correspondent, and printed in another column, the mystics among U3 who . are always keeping up communication between the seen and the unseen would have less to occupy them. At the edine time, it does appear a pity that a ghost which seemed at first to possess all the characteristics of a pro- ' per and legitimate ghost should turn out to be only a 'white calf. In tbe outskirts of_W ingham a young man saw something in white~FO terrify ing that, with each particular hair on end, he rushed into ihe town and demanded a gun that he might go at once and shoot the apparitiom -The young man Oa,nnot have read either 'Foot* falls on the^Boundary of Another World' or 'The Kightside .of jNature.' ; A proper, perusal of either of these works, or indeed a mere superficial study of the ndtu.rexund property of ghosts, would have shown him that incantations and charms and spells and such kind of things, but. not guns, are the things to use in dealing with ghosts. The patients in the hotpital heard screams 'like those of a woman,' but so eerie that they could only be those of a; irhoat. Yet it turned but that a white calf had ' frightened the young man and- the hospital' - patients. 'Everyone probably is now glad theft the young roan did not get the' gun he aBked for. It is not nice to know that you have shot a heiyiibar'.d calf, and although calf's feat jelly is . good for hospital patients, veil is an indigestible form of ' meat die*. . t . From the moment the first news arrived of the difficulties in Samoa, occasioned by the election of a king, the' Evening News' declined to treat the situation as serious, in.so far as it might produce any important international differences between Great Britain and' the United States on one side, and Germany on tbe other. Barring always what the excited. Samoan supporters of Mataafa might be induced to do in the way of killing and looting, the whole affair, so far as any international question was concerned, paxteok more of the nature of opera bouffe than of serious diplomacy. Even the military corner in flatirons, which it will be remembered excited serious apprehensions in some digniaed quarter!, was dismissed by us as devoid of real significance. What we predicted has happened, and a com promise has been effected, which if carried out upon the lines suggested by a reading of our tele graphic news, will result in the vindication of British and American action in Samoa. Germany has given up her notion of a trip .rtite division of the Samoan Group. The German Imperial Chan cellor b.38 notified that the Empiro withdraws any support which its representative may have given to Mataafa; and, so far as Germany is concernei, Mataafa is put out of the running. A fresh election of king is to be held, which should mean that the American Chief Justice, Mr. Chambers, will have an opportunity of repeating his decision, this time without any fear of its being questioned. So far, then, as international relations go, Samoa offers no chance for distnrb ance. What the Samoaas may manage to do among themselves is, of coarse, another question. 