I the heiress of farneleigh. ? -O— I CHAPTER XIV. I The Crime or, Christmas Night. The school-house clock strubk ten the next morning as Madge reached, the - street . on ? the village outskirts containing the row of half -com- pleted houses. Work for the present had been stopped on them, so that the place was absolutely deserted. No one saw her hurry to the extreme end, where a crudely finished cottage stooJ, its panes still murky from the glazier's touch. i)or a niome.ii ene puu^eu ac tnc doorstep, the troubled beating of her heart malting her pain j fully nervous ; then she stepped in, a dominant i purpose shining in her eyes, her courage well in hand. She had indeed coiue from sunshine into the shadow. The brilliancy of the morning did not penetrate the dimmed panes, and in the gloom beside the little twisting1 staircase stood her father, expressing with piteous eloquence failure, regret', the blows of Fate, unhappy ago. As she stepped towards hiui in her fresh beauty, she did not realize how she seemed to him like 'a figure which had risen from the ashes of the long years, crowned with sunny memories of his youth. Not his Child, _ but the girl he had loved so stormily, stood befors him. Surrly the hands on the clock of time had been turned back twenty years, and Alice waited for him to speak. The fancy died almost ai birth, as Madge laid her hands in a winning way upou his thin shoulders, her eyes veiled in a look of pitying love. ' Oh, my father,' she paid, slowly, in a whisper that was like a caress, 'it wastio dream. You are really here, and I am to know what sorrows you have bad. I am to help you.' He sighed and kissed one of the hands now soothingly pressed to his cheek. ' Help me?' he said, slowly, a new expression lighting up his face. 'Oh, 'if you can— if you can !' Then he added I must hurry with my story. I must tret back to work soon, or my de lay might be noticed. Sit here, my child;' and he brushed some shaviugs from the staircase ' I'll stand up, so I can command a view of the windc ws, and if anyone appears, slip round this corner, and out by the back door.' ? He took off the old hat, which had left a deep line on his brow, and passed his hand wearily over his head. Madge, watching him, saw that be was thinkiug of years that were gone, that in a few moments she would know why her father was supposed to be dead, what sin he had committed, what shadow hung over Fanieleigh. She seemed to hear her aunt's voice saying again to ber lover : ' The clouded name of Farneleigh— the blot — the awful blot. She must know what they had meant, even if it brought her love dream to ruins for pride end honor's sake, Ivan's face, hi* voice full of love, his kiss recurred to her and filled her with, a rap ture whose edge was now sharp pain. She crushed back the thoughts, and murmured krotpnlv thrniicrh lm- tvhi/th a»Anrn nula ? ? ? ''V 'r' 'MU fi'V-nu ? ' Tell me|ttll. Ob, tell me, and if th-*re is any thing on earth I can do for you' ? He knelt before her, and his stricken eyes kuked into hers. ; ' Your words hurt me so, It was yen I really wronged, ana your forgivoticsfl, while it is sweet, makes me ashamed. Bnt I am not what they -think ine. I shall tell you the truth, and only the truth. You believe nie ?' ' I do believe you.' He stood up, and, leaning his elbow on the balustrade, commenced his story in a cold, al most mechanical way. ' Twenty years ago I married your mother, Alice Mavcy. We loved each other ; there seemed every reason for supposing we were to be happy together. I daresay the fault was all mine when disagreements and coldnesses commenced between us, Your mother was very beautiful ; all her life she had been spoiled, petted, steeped to me lips in adulation ; her temperament was gay, _ vivacious, sparkling ; she loveil excitement, admiration, and seemed to eo singing on her way. ' To many she seemed just like a happy child, but the beauty which always made her the observed wherever she went, and which won. her adulation she seemed to delight in, caused me insupportable jealousy. '' I inherited a jealous temperament whioh tradition says has more than onoe brought lorrow to whatever Farneleigh possessed it. This must explain many things, for to the jealous eve*y straw is a mountain of granite, every inward suspicion like a clarion- call. I was jealous of your mother. This led to so many disputes between us I really think her love for me died, and she determined to provoke me whenever an opportunity offered itself. 'Before our marriage one man in the country had loved her in a distracted, almost tragic, way. Jier marriage to me almost killfed him. He went away for a time, and news reached us that he was »1 in a foreign land, and changed into a bitter, ttorose man. But he returned* when you were a little thing of two years. . By this time the eold oetween Alice and me had deepened, aud it denied as if a gulf was widening between us. When her old lover returned she took a merry ?ort of pleasure that was really cruel in being as ♦ t0 as possible. I could see that he ?still loved her. 1 began to hate and to watch Tehx Lancoe.' . Lancoe — the man whe lives at that IfaH house I've passed so often ?' asked ru'6' 'ea°ing forward in keener interest, hey say he hates the world now.' mill /I' lives at The Crest,1 but the people here, or, indeed, anywhere else, seldom see a»« ' J5 kRS hidden hiuiself from his kind,' he r *er®P» grimly. ?- Perhaps he . has a better j0 0I.' *or this withdrawal than a disappointed^ gllfe youth or :an . inexplicable misanthropy, »e*r r '° 0n' ? cannot look back on that last out e destined to Bp»nd at Farneleigh with Bin 0lje jealous torment returning to thiii eVen now * tee' the ghost of its power. I uPon me so I really was not quite taan r 'or. my actions. I acred like a mud t«v» i-«iWrt8 ? m°dman— although to the world I. ' A « ? ev'^eiice of the torture I was enduring,, . ra W3rc in thiB condition at the close of Chri t?ar' ''ter Ijancoe's feturn. There was a fiowln Farneleigh. I can see Alice broenrto u gown of stiff, pale- blue ?*«r » * -llu forfeit thing »he world has * ®an seeth»w~; her wonderfal ruby cross blazed at her throat against her brilliant, white flush, and the past sweeps over me as if I were thinking of the things of yesterday.' He curved his veinous hand over his eyes for a moment, and only the gust sweeping dowu the village street aud shaking the empty house broke on a silence that seemed to Madge sorrowful and sad. I ' Lancoe's attentions, which others ».aid were natural euousrh to ouc who had been his comrade, and was now the wife of his friend, had for months filled me with suspicion and auguish. On this jnight I was in a mood when everything '?efiometl omiuous— as ready for desperation as a powder track' is for a match. Flowers came from Lancoe's conservatory — some special specimens of orchids Alice had admired. I rorbade her to wear them ; she disobeyed me, and I saw her take her place to meet our gaests, the accursed blossoms in her girdle, a defiant light in her eyes, a glow on her cheeks like fire on ice. ' Late that night I was leaving the picture gallery, when an arm was thrust through a portiere, and a note was flune at my feit. i picked it np and ran to see who the mysterious giver was, but he had mingled with the crowd in the corridors. The contents of the note ? I recall every word : ' 1 have been m«to than gracious in wearing your flowers and I am foolish to grant you the few moments' conversation you desire. However, if yon wait in the summer house at the foot of the terraoe steps, I'll come at eleven. — A. ' I have no dear memory of the moments fob lowing the reading of that note. I dimly recall the sensation of waters olosing over my head, while before my eyei everything was red. I took out my knife and slashed yoar mother's beautifnl face from the oanvas as it smiled down on me. I don't know what I did. I was mad.| ' Bnt I had the craftiness which comes to those almost enured. At eleven o'olock I was in the summer house. I was there when Alice came. She started baok in amazement when she saw me and drew herself up haughtily. ' ' Oh, tt is you who wanted to . see me ?' she asked. 'Bather a strange proceeding. Why .couldn't yon say what yon wished to say in the house, without this apparent mystery ?' ' But I flung the note she baa written to Lancoe at her feet, bnrst into a laugh that must have frightened her as I seized her by the wrist, and drawing her to the summer honse, forced her to her knees before me. Then I let my heati ex press its woe. She denied having written the note, and I told her she lied. I told her more. I pound up all the pent-up 8gony of months. I said 1 wished her dead— that' yon, her child, might never remember having lookod on her face. Oh, Madge,' he cried ont, suddenly, a sob breaking on the words as he bowed his head, ' I said those words! I didn't mean them— not really— not real'y ; bet, ah,' he ai'ded, in a whisper which chilled the girl listening, ' the wish was granted— was granted— horribly 1' ..... Madge took one of his bands and laid her cold cheek upon it. 'Say no more now. It {hurts you too much. It is too sad — too awfu! I' ' Oh, no ; I must tell you all now,' he broke in, feverishly. ' I left Alice there, half kneeling before the iron chair in the summer house, and I waited in the dark hall to listen or to see ber again. Her door was ajar. In the mirror I sawherfaoe. It was clear cut as a cameo, with the hues of life gone from it, -while her eyes looked almost black and very bright. She was still in her ball gown. I saw her slip on bar shoes quickly fling a dark, heavy, cloak round her, Ritd draw the hood over her .head. She went to yout ; little crib, standing in a corner, bent over aud kissed yon, but shed no tear. She seemed to move like awoman from' whom all feeling^ had baen stricken, who was turned 4o etch*. ^Bick nt hcart I watched her while she blew out the candles, uml then, to my 'urprise (for I had ouppoafid she would pass me into the hall), she stepped out on the terrace. ' I knew those steps led down to the garden. I knew that Alice was stealing from her home, but j had become numbed— had lost all desire to speak to her again; I felt that we were parted forever. Like a mau moving in a dreatn, I went to the window aud fixed my eyes upon the path that led away to the gates. Iti a moment I saw her hurry, ing form and flapping oloak pans like a wraith across the clear spa«e to the shade of the trees. Tb^^omothing seemed to break in my heart, for as I was about to turn awayjf saw a mau hurrying along the same path, his head bent forward. 1 recognised Felix Lancoe. I fell across the thres hold of the window senseless. When I recovered consciousness it was hours later. How 1 raved against the weakness which had prostrated me and kept me from following Felix Lancoe I felt it was too late, but nevertheless I went out through the still, cold night until dawn came. ' The .next day, however, Lancoe was seen about as inual. Nine days passed, aud no word came from Alice. He was uts mystified as every one else. I began to think she had gone away in a fit of perverseness, meauing soon to return, lnd now, Madge, dtsr, comes a diffioult part to tell you. My love for her seemed to die. I wa-? filled to the lips with bitterness. Farneleigh be came hateful 1 6 me, the eyes of people fixed upon me curiously, you deserted by your mother, all conspired to awaken a demon in me, and I soarcely knew wnat I did. I determined to leave my home ? and my wife for ever, bnt you should go with me. I told thyself that when your mother returned, ex peoting, no doubt, to be forgiven aud received gladiy, she would then realize what manner of man, she had been making a fool of. ' As silently, as mysteriously as she left Farne leigh, so did I — you and I together. I took you to New York, fully intending to take you with me to Paris ; but chance threw Mrs. Baldwin across my path, She was a rich woman, ia kind-hearted one. and I thought it might be better for you if I left you in her]charge for a few years, I sending her money for your support. I knew you would be well brought up, aud I expected to send_ for yon soon as you were old enough to travel ; in fact, I thought it likely that Mrs. Baldwin, making some | trip abroad, would bring yon to me. ' I know what your life has been, my ohild. I know how that woman'B daughter tried to take your place here. Repairing a clock at their house a week ago, I hear the story almost in detail, as they talked about the past and their recent dis appointment. Now I must tell you of my life. I am frankly ashamed of it, and I ask your pity. I went abrtuuL For years I made money enough honestly to pay for your Buppcrt; then despair and the memory of my ruined life; as well as the in fluence of bad companions set me on the wrong road. I lived by my jrits— became a gambler. I forgot my fluty to yon, or when a thought of you stole across my luckless vagabond lifej I fancied the woman you were with must- -have learned t« love you for yourself, and being rich, an I supposed she still was, was probably glid to have you for a daughter. 'My life jweut by like a olondyl dream until about two .months ago. A chance conversation overheard at Monty Carlo between two Americans, awoke me to the truth. They were men whom I had known, and they were talking of me^-of hew I had disappeared froih the sight of men and why. What reason did they give ? They said I had murdered my wife, aud fearing justice, had fled, taking my child with me. Oh, that moment I After all those years I. knew for the first time-that Alice bad nev« been seen after that Christmas uiffhta** ' Kcver seen again ?' breatbad^Uadge, httfoee grown -awed. t ' Think of it ! . I hav«_ livad in odd, nooks ia /; PariH, shunned ewy pluce or tufy one who tuighft j know me or recall my old lifo, aud only Two mouths : njjo know that I wna . hBspeclod.' ot having killed uiv wife.' f-i * * \ ou ure innoccnt, but shw njurdered,**. ? said Madge, with a sliud.lci'. '? Some one k'illaj her. Oh, the horror- the pity of it, too— th* awful pity *- ''0 Listen. Thin knowlocl^re roused ros — it j v? me. I wrote at once to «iy lister, .saying I waa ? 'J dying:, and telling1 her to ioolc for you. I took another identify, : A. ^ild -Jjfet,;. sori'Qw. and many ?'% illnesses hud aged und changed rhe,' arid I cam* back to these familiur scenes, feeling sure that no 'M one .would recognise me. . j had,always possessed if a talent for intricate mechanical work, and waft 'i able to net nituation in the villiagre as clock-mendee S under the nflice of Milus (i-ihbon. Now, my owsi ^ desire, night and day is «o solve the mystery at Alice's fate and clem- my mime before I die ' ^ 'Oh, -io you think there is any hope that yon. J can?' aski'd Mndjre, her fnae marked by atfc eagerness an vital us his own. She'liad flung down her muff, and her hands 5 clasped hi-i prayerfully. ' It is a dark and terrible mystery,' she said * and into her eyes i iime a look of tenderness ? mixed with horror, as she thought .what awful fate might have been the young mother's, whosa face or voice she could not remember. ?) ?' But not too da.'k fur us to shed tho light at - truth on it, even at thi* late day,'' the old mant ; annwered, with sudden ferocity, ' Listen, nwr ohild. The villagers have chattered to me freetjr of the story. I have learned all there is knowt* or suspi'Ct.i'd, and 1 have come to a decision.' ' Yes ?'' she said, tho word but a breath. ' I have spoken of the Maltese cross of rubies your mother wore the night of the ball. Sho h«4 it on when she went awav. This cross had bees given to her father, who was a groat traveller, by an eastern prince. Bvpiy 01 e who knew Generta Marcy had heard of it. It was estimated 6eventy-five thousand dollars. There is a chano* . that she was murdered for that cro.is, but there is something more probable— something of whiuhi feel sure iu my soul. Lancoe assisted iu fcutV flight, but finding that her frivolousfiir a^.ion meant no serious feeling which would let her listen to hia- love, he murdered her.' 