(OORYBIGHT.) BY B. RANGES. Author of Glamoyle, R.A," " A York Hypnotist," " John Shairp, Detective," &c.;, &u.; They wore two extremely pretty girls, and as conscious of tlio fact as any two people whose eyesight is all right and who have per feet mirrors could be. There was never any nonsense about them, either, not when they were alone, at any rate. They had been friends from their Jjabyhood, and had worn blue sashes and embroidered pinafores to gether. They had gone to the same school— and now they were both in love with the same man, and were attempting to keop up the old friendliness while disciiBBing the matter. " You said, before you came to Yorlc, that you supposed you would 'have to choose between the Church and Army, and so you haye," said Sylvia, the tall, dark one. " If only you had chosen tlie Church." .Emily, the other one, was not tall, but she had auburn iiair. " So I would have done," she said " if Captain Holt had been in the Church." " H'm, I daresay," said Sylvia. " All would have been equally well, either, Sylvia, if you had not happened to pay your visit here just now. Captain Holt and X. would have been engaged in a few weeke, I'm Bure." 1' J" 1 came when you invited mo," said Sylvia, indignantly. '* Oh, yes, of course. I know that. It was quite an accident. Still, if you had not happened to come and spoil everything! Lewis had taken a fancy to me f know. No one can help seeing that. Still lie had taken a fancy to mo before you came, and I'm sure, yes, morally sure that if either of us were to go away now, then — well then, Captain Holt would remain with the othsr one. I'm convinced that he is as much torn in two ways as we are." Emily spoke the laBt two sentences Blowly. In fact, the two friends had arrived at this point iu their discussions several times before, and it was upon this stage in the juatter that the whole discussion hung. They continued it too. now, on the same side lines as usual. " It's all been a wretched accident, of course," said Emily, fretfully, after a pause. " Still—Mr. Cripps is awfully nice, Sylvia." " Then why not take him yourself ?" asked Sylvia, promptly. Emily rubbed lier face uneasily in the cushions of tho sofa, on which she was lying. " Trade,'' she said briefly. " He is no more trade for you than he is for me," Baid Sylvia. " And you know he has plenty of money, Emily. " Yes, and an irreproachable eharactcr, Sylvia." , " Then, it must bo rather nice, in some re spects, to be in the trade," said Sylvia. " You come into Dossession of a jrnnd many secrets. They say the reason why the Mar chioness of Sandshirc was so awfully civil to Mr. Cripps at the Hunt Ball, was because she owes him mi endless bill." " I daresay," said Emily, thoughtfully. "But—Ironmongery, you know, Sylvia! Fancy seeing your name on your neighbour's knives and scissors." Pah ! Everybody admires trade nowa days," said Sylvia; " and Mr. Cripps is a perfect little gentleman.- Ho one could say otherwise." " &nd; heaps of money." " And an uncle in Parliament." " And brother who is a mayor." There was a pause for a minute here, as if both sides had temporarily used up their ammunition ; but before long Emily began again. " If only Qaptain Holt would distinctly shew that he cares for either one or the other of us!" . "Which is exactly what ho won't do," ^said Sylvia. " As you say, I believe Captain Holt is just as undecided as we are which he cares for most, and the only thins to do is forone or the other of us to go away,unless" irritably—" we toss up for it." At this/imposBible suggestion, both girls sank into silence again. They continued in silence for some time, too, one restlessly ly ing on the sofa cushions, the othe drumming the window panes. Presently Emily bur geBted that they Bhould 20 for a run on their bikes, which was their usual morning occupation, but as this was languidly negatived by Sylvia, the Bilenee continued again, until, some time after, it was suddenly broken by a scream from Sylvia at her post by the window. Emily raised her head, and was confronted by Sylvia's face, glowing and radiant and flushed with a sudden excitement. " I've got the most '"brilliant idea," ex claimed Sylvia. ''I'll tell you how we'll settle it. We are both convinced that if one of us were to go away without explanations that the other would be practically certain to become Mrs. Captain Holt. Then let us ride a bicycle race for it! Why not ? Let us put it at the end of a race. The one who wins remains here. The one who loses luis to un dertake t,o go away from York at once— witliout any explanation to Captain Holt, uf course—and leave the lield clear for the other. What do you think of it, Emily ? It would settle the matter without any chance of quarrelling or ill-feeling. What do you think?" . j At first Emily was, perhaps naturally, decidedly taken aback by this novel sugges tion of Sylvia. Perhaps Emily was a little less up-to-date than her friend. At any rate she sat looking somewhat out of breath at first, as Sylvia continued to pour out the manifold advantages of her scheme; and it only gradually that the whole beauty of the idea as seen by the other began to dawn un her. " It hoihicIh very lilto the toasirig-up that you suggested a while ago," pho huh], doubt fully, at first. " Well; why not?" asked Sylvia; reck lessly. " Wo liavo to decide the matter somehow or other."—Sylvia was known aa a pioneer in original movomentH amongst her friends—" Why not put it at the end of Bomo olfort which we can both make? and both agree to give up to the one wiio wins without ill-feeling?" It was evident that Sylvia could see noth ing but what was splendid in her proposi tion, and whether it savoured strongly of tho up-to-date aido of tho girls' characters of which they were so proud or not, at aiiyrate, in a few minutes Emily, too, began to sco some of the unique beauties of tho idea. " We both rido something alike, don't wo?" she said, "so it would bo fair in that ro spect.' "Of courso it would," said Sylvia "Then it settles the whole matter without chanoe of disagreeing. And it will be perfectly lovely to rido a real raeo For a real prize—an:l I think it's lino." oho weui, to the window to settlo tho (Jtjes tion of the weather. l'orluips the fact just mentioned by limily, that both girls' rilling abilities wore about on a par, had a good deal to do with their idea for tho Bottling of their difficulty. Or, rather, it was another aspect of that likeness—that both wore practically little more than beginners in the art of wheel ing that made them bo ready to adopt this special method of putting tho matter to the test. In other words, the bicycle craze was yot in its first stage of raw newness with those girlB. For although it might seem strange, con sidering how abreast witli the times the two were in other respects,yet they were not at all proficient as cyclists yet, which owing to tho fact that both hud been brought up—up to six monthB ago,when Emily had come to live at York—in a remote Yorkshire village, where the roadB wore far too hilly for cy cling. In consequence, neither of tho girls had done much on tho wheels until threo weeks ago, when Sylvia's present disastrous viBit to her friend had begun, since when both had spent the greator part of the morn ings in the saddle. And as it was this comparative rawness as bicyclists that led tho two to look upon a bicycle race as a matter of enjoyment in it self, so it was, perhaps, the samo youthful ness in tho art that led them presently, when Emily's diffidence at the scheme had worn off, to choose the distance that they did for the ride. They suggested York to Malton at first ; but as Sylvia learnedly observed, that would not allow opportunites for both " pace " and "stay." Perhaps one might prove to have one and one tho other; and then York to Searboro' was suggested. Neither of the girls knew much of the road ; but many of their acquaintances had ridden it often, us they both know. The only objection that- they could see to the Scarboro' suggestion, waB that the sky was a Jittlo overcast. But neither of them had ever ridden a long dis tance before. Neither had either of them had any experience in wet roads; so they decided on tho Searboro' route cheorfully, And within half an hour of the first mooting of Sylvia's original idea both girls were in the saddle. They had had an hasty and early lunch. Each girl had also a small flask of cognac in her pocket, and then they were off on their novel race, which seemed at first in danger of losing its inteiesst as a race for a husband, in the zeBt with which the girls went in for it from a bicyclist's point of view. They Bet oft' erect and smiling, each girl in her prettiest cycling costume, the flasks of eognae resting snugly in their poc kets, and the only cloud in the' prospect being the very actual one that still hung in the sky, So the race began; and the first seven or eight miles of it went off splendidly. This had been about the extent of the girls' spins hitherto ; and as they had never felt unduly fugged at the end of them they had con eluded that they eould do a much longer spin if necessary. And they did not feel at all tired now, when they drew up at the tirst stop pingplaee—Barton-in-the WillowB. According to the road map this place was half-way to Malton, which is, in its turn, half-way to Scarboro', and the girls con gratulated each ether on both their pace and stay here as they dismounted to breathe. Tlio ujuiy drawback, so far, iiau been tiiar, from the force of habit they had generally forgot to try and get in front. Each found herself turning back to call to the other or even to wait for her. But they deoided to bo more careful in future. Both were determined, however, and even the misfortune of a heavy shower of rain which fell from the overhanging cloud while the girls were in the Inn at Barton, did not damp their ardour. It succeeded in damping the roads, however, as, when they were in the Baddle again, they discovered. Then they remembered, too, that they had not ridden on heavy roads before, and thoy crumbled a good deal. But presently they settled down to remember again that they were racing. Then it was splendidly exciting, thoy~said. They had frequent opportunities for judging each other's powers now.for they passed each other every few minutes during this part of the race. The second half of the distance to Malton was naturally the most tiring, how ever, as both said, as they dismounted again at a little villago threo miles oil the York side of Malton to rest for a few min utes. I5ach had a little of her eognae hero also, put in a bottle of lemonade which they bought at the inn; and they declared, as they got into the saddle agaiu. that they felt quite lit for the rest of the journey. But at Mal ton they decided to stop and have a second luncli. Perhaps both girls were feeling a little tired b" this. It was ou th= Jsagth cf pre vious spins of theirs that they were talking, at any rate, as they sat before the file at the hotel where they had ordered lunch. They arrived at the conclusion that the present effort was exactly five times as long as any previous one. Then the roads were so bad, too, thoy mentioned again. They had never ridden on heavy roads before, and they hoped that the man with whom they had left their bicycles would clean them thoroughly well. Hut the lunch made them feel better until they got up to face thsir machines. And then each was appalled to find that her stiff ness was worse for resting it awhile, yet neither of them said anything of this to the other. They mounted their bieycleB in silence hern, tlio only remark being a query from ICmily as t.lioy pushed off as to whether, according to the road maps, this second half of the journey were not some seven or eight miles longer than tho first. And Sylvia replied that it was. It was half-past two as they left Malton. There were twenty-live miles yet to cover, and they must try to get it in by the time darknesB fell which would be about half-past four. Yet it was astonishing how soon there seemed to arrive a suspicion of dusk in the atmosphere. Another eight miles brought them to Kuapton. This had taken them rather more than half an hour to accom plish. It was a little after three when they reached here, and already there seemed to he a darkening in tho East. However, it was here that tho most exciting incident of the race—so far—took place. Sylvia arrived here so much in front of Emily that she wns able to mount again and ride away as Einily drew up at tho inn. It seemed as if pace were likely to win, for both had agreed in tho earlier part of tho day, when they had ridden so much together, that Sylvia seemed to have it for pace, and Emily for stay. But a little inoro than two miles past jvunpluii, wlieu Einily was again in the saddle, she passed Sylvia sitting under a hedge, her machine resting against a Perhaps by this time both girls wore begin-' ning to own themselves that thoy wore tired. They had passed each other at Knapton, and whero Sylvia was sitting under tho hedge almost without a word, and Emily had said nothing to Sylvia of tho fact that her hat was on one side, whilo Sylvia had never men thai tlio pattern of Emily's voil had coino off in fancy-trellis-work on her hobo. However, a fow minutes after Einily had passed her Sylvia dragged horaelf up aod on to her machine again. She was strongly tempted to try walking and pushing the bike, but that- would not get. her on very fast. She mounted and rodo on, and tho next inu sho rode determinedly pnst, hoping that Emily was inaido. Yot sho waa very tired now. Slio had nevor bad really uohiug limbs in hor lifo before, and she had not expected it would be as bad as this. It was growing darker too A village clock struck tlio three-quarters after three, and it would plainly be quite dark before they could reach Scarboro'. Sylvia dismounted to light her lamp and consult her road-map again. She hoped that Bhe had passed Emily some where, and as she had several times during the paBt qtiartor of an hour ridden a dozen yards or so with her eyes shut, in reckless fashion, it waB quite possible that she might have done so without knowing it. She Bat under the hedge again to consult her road-map, wondering half-dreamily where Emily was, and quite unconscious that, not a hundred yards away, another white road-map was flickering out ghost-like in the dusk, where Emily leaned against a gate to consult it. There was still another fifteen miles to bo done yet, and presently Sylvia doggedly mounted again and pushed on. She almost wished she had not ridden past the last inn now. The thought of a cup of tea with her remaining drop of cognac in it occurred to her—and possibly Emily might bo as belated ns she, though, as a matter of fact, the thought of riding into Scarboro' first in triumph was beginning to look a somewhat poor affair to Sylvia now. Then another inn throw its ruddy, welcom ing light out into the dusk, but a sudden fresh accession of determination here caused her to resist her former desire for tea. She asked for and had a bottle of soda-water with the remaining brandy in it, and then she pushed on again in some style, until she approached another inn not a hundred yards away. Perhaps a couple of drunken navvies at the door of this place helped Sylvia to ride past it. At any rate she did pass it. Then on again. A hill came next, and she fancied that walking aud pushing tho bike was easier than riding; but she believed that falling off it under the hedge would be easiest of all. It was becoming a rather dreadful affair now. She wondered sometimes where Emily was. She had had no idea that a bicycle-race of forty odd miles would be like this. It was almost quite dark too, now, and Scarboro' was probably yet twelve miles away, which seemed to Sylvia something like twelve hundred would do on an ordinary occasion. Yet she rode on for another ten minutes, and then another blessed inn fire flickered out in the landscape. She would stay awhile here, she decided. She drew up at the door,think ing how tlieso places seemed to swarm in this neighbourhood, and how like to the last one, where the drunken navvies had been, this one was, not knowing, all the time, that she had made a circuit in the darkness, and ridden back to the same place that she had passed ten minutes ago. She tumbled olE her machine, and, asking in a faint voice, for a eup of tea and a private, room, she turned aside into what she supposed was indicated as the latter,and, finding a sofa and table there, she sat down on the Joriner, and, laid her head on the latter, determining to push on again very soon. Perhaps half-an-hour, or more passed while Sylvia rested in this litle inn parlour. Ar>T>n,rwntlv her ordor for tea h'"1 been mis understood, for no one disturbed her while she sat still, not daring to look at her watch for fear five minutes should have passed. But, although she felt hazy about some things, Bhe knew that her teqjiad not arrived yet, because she had decided that the rattling of the tea-things when they appeared should be the signal for her to lift her head. Then perhaps she fell asleep, Perhaps the hazy thoughts about how very far away the other side of the room seemed when she thought about getting up to walk it—never to mention Searboro', twelve miles away— passed into dreams. At any rate it was quite an hour after the strange lady had been shewn into the deserted bar-parlour and for. gotten, when a strangely familiar sound suddanly broke upon Sylvia's ears and caused her to raise her head with a start. Yet tliesouud was only that of a very quiet ordinary man's voice, giving a still more ordinary ojrder for hot port, at the bar just outsideSylvia's door. And bhcgentlemau who gave the order was also quite ordinary-look ing a little nattily dresBed man, with, how ever, a certain air of wealth and standing about his appearance and his manner of quiet composure. But Sylvia, hearing the remark, suddenly sat upright in her corner in the deserted bar room. She listened for more. The colour that had bo long been absent from her face returned to it, too, as she heard further re marks nntfiidf*.—nnict. '1 Thank ynn." then a general remark about the weather. Still Sylvia sat with head erect, apparently think ing. For two or three minutes she sat thus, the colour coming and going in her cheeks. Then she suddenly Beemed to make up her mind. Slic felt if her hat. was straight. Then she coughed. At the sound of that cough— rather a prolonged one—the little gentleman outside started. Then he put down hiB glass, pushed open the door of the bar-room, and confronted Sylvia with a startled face. " Miss Bruce ?" he exclaimed, in evident astonishment. Sylvia smiled. " How astonished you look, Mr. Cripps," she said, in as ordinary a voice as a girl who was a muss of aches and bruises could as sume. " I—I have been bicycling and—er— have got lost." There was more truth in the last remark than Sylvia knew. Mr. Cripps advanced far ther into the room, still very much surprised and coucerned apparently. " And you are all alone—at dark ?" he asked. •'Emily was with ino," said Sylvia, hastily, " but I believe I've lost her! Oh, please don't look so shocked! I really couldn't help it!—and I believe I asked for some tea, but it hasn't come." Mr. Cripps disappeared at oneo to inquire after the tea. Then he re turned. It appeared that he had called at this place partly on business—knives and scissors with his name on again, no doubt; but what a t.rillo that appeared at present. He sat down a little nearer to Sylvia now, and when her tea appeared she persuaded him to join. Indeed, they became quito friendly over it. But then thoy always had been modoratoly friendly. And Sylvia was so bowilderingly plea sant to Mr. Cripps during tea, that it was no great wonder if ho Hat u little nearer still to her on the Betteo aftor tea. Fortunately he did so, but Sylvia did not quite know yet how to bring tho conversation into exactly the channel that she wished until presently an idea occurred to her, and she said, softly: " Oh, Mr. Cripps, 1 have been wanting for ever no long to apologise to you for being bo rude at tho tennis ball." " Rude to me?" exclaimed Mr. Cripps, amazed again. " Yes, at tho tennis ball, you know," re peated Sylvia. " Cut I was not at the tennis ball," said Blr. Crippa. " Ah, it was tho huut ball, then!" " I was at the hunt ball, but—I don't re member your being rude to me, Miss Bruce, unless " IVeither did Sylvia; but the conversation was going more as Bhe desired now. Mr. Cripps had eomo nearer still. " You seom to have been diiforeut to mo since then," she murmurod. Then Mr. Cripps drew nearer still. But there still scorned to be a moment of inde cision, of want of porfect understanding. And then Sylvia raised a pair of brilliant, feverish, audacious eyo3 to the young man's, and somehow, that seemed to finish it off. Mr. Cripps csmo nearer still; next instant ho was saying something incoherent about the hunt ball, and wishing ho had something to forgive, and then Sylvia's head was on his shoulder; and then it was all finished. Five minutes or bo after that, a now arrival appeared at the inn door, This was a weary, foriorn-looking girl, with a fancy trollis-work pattern on her nose.and pushing a bicycle before her. Sho pushed her machine into the Banded passage, and then, giving some order at the bar, Bhe also, as luck would have it, turned aside into the quiet bar parlour. There she was met by the sight of two peoplo who made her exclaim; and'after Sylvia had risen with as much alacrity and grace as her aching limbs would allow, and pushed Emily into a chair, and after a few more exclamations and explanations had ensued, Sylvia said to Mr. Cripps: " Shall I tell?" " If you don't, I will," said that gentle man radiantly. So Sylvia told; and whsn the recital was over Emily rose—stiffly—and, forgetting congratulations, apparently, Hho went out of the room to countermand an order about her bicycle. Sylvia followed, and linking her arm within her friend's in tho little sanded passage; Bhe said: " Emily, I wish never, never, to hear the name of Captain Holt again. I have been doing the best I could during tho last half-hour to provide for my never hearing his name again." Emily raised a pair of haggard eyes to her friend's face. " Neither do I." she said, witli emphasis. However, Emily changed her mind. Sylvia did not; and Mrs. Cripps and Mrs. Captain Holt are still tho best of friends. (The End.) 