The Late Rev. Luke Rhrington. fix TEE RFV. GEO BOB ANGDS. In the summer of 1863 I was living in rooms in Osnabnrgh-street, Regent's Park. I had returned from three years' service in India, and was preparing to matriculate at Oxford. One sultry afternoon I hwl Men asleep, and was roused from slumber by the appearance of two High Church Anglican clergymen. One was the Rev. George Akers (now Canon Akers) whose acquajntaroe I had made a few months previously in Scotland, and he introduced me to his companion, Luke Rivington, whose loss we are now deploring. From time to time in succecding years I used to come across Rivingto». We were not what is called intimate friends: we did not correspond, but we met now and again. At Oxford I used to see him and sometimes hear him in the pulpit of St. Giles', where his preaching, as Burgon bore witness, was most attractive. Then be migrated to London and was curate at All Saints', Margaret-street, where he used to preach as a rule every Sunday evening at the seven o'clock service, when " Jerusalem the Golden " was sung as a finale instead of Benediction. 1 remember one evening we met at a party somewhere in the Eaton-square neighborhood, and as we broke up Rivington said he " wanted air," and proposed that we should walk home together, which we did,* and talked about " Sacramental Confession." We parted at Margaret-street, where he was then residing, and I walked onwards to Munster-square, where I was the guest of Edward Stuart, founder and first vicar of St. Mary Magdalen's Church, at the consecration of which Keble and Manning were present. Afterwards Rivington was Superior of the " Society of the Holy Ghost," an Anglican Order, which had its headquarters at the rectory of Stoke-upon- Trent. The rector turned his rectory into a convent, and it was " very Roman " or supposed to be so. Anyhow it gave three at least of its members to Rome. It is now extinct, and the rectory is a rectory again with a rector who is no longer a monk but a married man. While there Rivington once fancied that he hadacall to become a Catholic and set forth to consult Newman, or someone else; but he returned, as far as I recollect, without consulting anybody. After this he took another journey, this time to Cowley, near Ozford, and did not return, resigning his office as Superior at Stoke to become a novice in the well-known " Cowley Fathers " Order. There I saw him in 1870. Our ways then divided. In 1873 I became a Catholic (" We always thought you very extreme," as Rivington said to me twenty years afterwards). Rivington went abroad, to India, South Africa, and, I think, America. He was also well known in the Riviera. And it was said that an exalted personage wished him to be the incumbent of tbe Memorial Church to Prince Leopold at Cannes, but the Anglican Bishop of Gibraltar (who has jurisdiction over Cannes and even Rome itself) negatived this proposal. Then in 1888—the Church had long been defrauded of a son—I heard whispers from Rome. Very soon the whispers resolved themselves into print. Luke Rivington had been received into the Catholic Church. I had last seen him in 1870. We met again, here, in 1890. And since that year he visited St. Andrews, with* one exception, annually.^ He had arranged to come this year in September. L'hmnmc propose mais Dieu ditpete. I think he enjoyed his visits here. He loved the fresh air, aid the sea, and the scenery. After his Mass and a cup of tea he read and wrote all the morning—perhaps saying office in the garden—till we met at the midday meal. Then we went to the club to read the papers, and perhaps took a walk until tea time, after which he returned to the guest's study. He was a total abstainer—why, I never quite undeaBtood, but enjoyed after dinner a cigar. He enjoyed also a joke; he had a hearty laugh, and I remember on one occasion we laughed together almost until the tears rolled down his cheeks, and I got a pain in my side. Portions of two, at least, of his books were written under this roof, I often correcting proofs, and he was a frequent visitor to the University Library, where he sometimes found volumes which he could not obtain in Edinburgh, and where he highly appreciated the courtesy and kindness of the Librarian and sub-Librarian. But with Rivington it was not all books, paper, pen and ink. He was, or had been, avgreat cricketer, and took a keen, and in ttfe event a fatal, interest in all cricket matches, always looking out for them in the dijily paperB. I do not know whether or not he understood the mysteries of golf, but he Iik6d to go on the links here and follow the players He also had a trained and educated eye for the beauties of scenery, and enjoyed fine weather and pleasant surroundings. Once S s X ^ i f ^ ^ V e 0n a & *ii^SHJSS ^ f 6 / SUmp " tZ' -TeeT^ JhXtAfrf have*'Sffwotfo U Ba38® J ay » u "" puvu » »uveiy £ , . , , , • ,, He liked animals and they liked him. I ftaa a pug-dog who was born at Isleworth, lived with me ax years in Kensington, and then eight years m St. Andrews. He did not like everybody. He ^espeoiaUy disliked my friend, the late a N. Oxenham, who once boxed his ears, and the pug never forgot or forgave this insult. But he took to Rivington, and used Jto snore peacefully on the rug inhisroMa. When thejaug, mnoh mourned andfull ofyears, died, two cats succeeded him. itiviiigton, like Liddon, was fond of cats, une of mine, wben a kitten, used to scramble up his tajk and at npon his shonlder during •dinner. On aavtker eecasion a strange eat, Then he disappeared. Shortly afterwards 1 went to the room -where Rivington was sitting reading, and observed: " The strange cat has gone." " Not far," said Rivington, laughing, and there was the cat contentedly purring on Rivington's knees. He was also fond of children. A Catholic little boy sometimes c d j . the dcn here. For my Bt£J us reason he is nick-named , lTh Rivington was veiy fond ^ wh h a v^ n0 respect of pe r6on6, once seeing refresh- ^ f' or the priest after Mass, F said: ^ . (f " There flrf, is RM Rivington's n!?to n' s tea." » Last Last vear year as Rivington was departing, the boy came in. " Wish good-bye to Dr. Rivington," I said to the child. Rivington stooped and kissed him, got into the carriage and drove away. We did not know it, but it was " good-bye" until, in God's own time and pleasure, we meet again in the heave»ly country, »'•••• Where death-divided friends at last Shall meet to part no more." 