LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. FEDERATION-" THE BRADDON BLOT." Sir,--The real strength of the objections to the scheme for creating an Australian Commonwealth lies in the unsatisfactory financial clause, popularly known as " The Braddon Blot." That the Braddon clause is a defect no honest federalist will deny. On the other hand, it is not at all clear that its effects in practice will realise the gloomy predictions of the non-unionist. At any rate, no financial authority up to date has proposed an alternative scheme which stands the ghost of a chance of acceptance. It is said, perhaps with truth, that the amalgamation of the railways and debts would smooth out the whole entanglement ; but, while each colony would be quite willing to transfer the debt incubus, not one seems disposed to throw its railways into the federal pool. If we desire union, therefore, we must accept the Braddon scheme, or devise something better. So far, there has been a signal lack of the " something better," though several persons have tried their hands and failed. At the Federal Convention of 1891 the financial difficulty was the chief lion in the path. At the three conventions held in Adelaide, Sydney, and Melbourne, respectively, the ablest politicians and financiers in Australia failed to find a satisfactory solution. Then came Sir Edward Braddon, with his celebrated eighty seventh clause, which provides that of the net revenue raised from Customs and Excise duties, not more than one-fourth shall be applied to Commonwealth pu» poses. For more than a year this clause has been the prolific source of controversy and invective. Few have attempted to defend it fewer still, however, have been prepared with a satisfactory alternative. Mr. Reid went to the late Conference of Premiers in Melbourne pledged to secure its abolition. Other Premiers were prepared to assist the New South Wales Premier, and each had his own ideas as to what should take the place of clause 87. After prolonged discussion, the Premiers were able to recommend nothing better than what amounts to a limitation of the Braddon system to a period of ten years. Says the official report of the Conference : " The Premiers consider that all the other proposals are open to more serious objections than those which have been raised against the clause as it appears in the bill." Therefore, they have fallen back on the clause at least for ten years as a dernier resort. Now, there is clearly a good deal of misapprehension as to the possible effect of this Braddon clause. Not a few people who would be offended if Informed that they don't understand the subject, loudly in- terpret It to mean that all revenue must be raised by indirect taxation, and that the tariff must be on a scale which will enable the poorest colony to derive sufficient from its share of the divisible three- fourths. At that rate, In order to suit Western Australia, a tariff of something over £10,000,000 would be needed, but no tariff that could be devised would realise this. In the same way, Tasmania would want a tariff to produce about £9,000,000, which is equally impossible. But the fact, is that the Federal Treasurer as not bound by the Constitution to raise any particular sum by indirect taxes. He will naturally favour the lowest tariff compatible with federal requirements, as no Treasurer would care to be compelled to find a million when he only needs £250,000. And if the people have sense enough to select honest representatives, these gentlemen will fight for the lowest possible scale of duties. If more is needed by certain States than a moderate tariff would produce, the proper remedy is for these States to make up the deficiency by direct taxation. Already we hear from interested advocates that this cannot be done-that it is impossible. But why impossible ? If Victoria gives up interprovincial duties amounting to a quarter of a million every penny of which is paid by Victorian consumers why should it be impossible to make up this say, by a tax on land values - At present she levies no tax on areas less than 640 acres, and not even then unless the value exceeds £2000, so that the tax in the Southern colony is a mere farce. Western Australia has at present neither land nor Income tax. Tas- a mania has only a land tax of 3d. in the pound. Queensland has neither land nor income -tax. But her tariff is higher than any other outside West Australia. Queensland raises by tariff duties £2 14s. 7d. per head per annum; Tasmania, £2 3s. 11d.; Victoria, £1 Ms. ltd.; South Australia, £1 13s. 6d.; New South Wales, £1 3s. 4d. Therefore, if the Braddon blot provided a (which It doesn't, by-the-way) that the revenue required by each State must be de- | rived from indirect taxation levied by the Federal Government, the inclusion of Queensland, instead of lightening the yoke, would make it much heavier. With Queensland in the union, the chances of having a high tariff are considerably increased in stead of being diminished. it would be better for the other colonies that Queensland should remain out until they have established a fiscal system on a basis to suit themselves. There are too many people opposed to the idea of raising revenue by means of direct taxation, although they admit that the possibilities from Customs and excise run into millions. It is a regrettable fact that there are too many who dread and detest all direct taxes, but are quite satisfied I do extract enormous sums from the pockets of the masses through the agency of the Cus- | tom-house. In a memorable speech, William Pitt once pointed out how loudly the English people squealed when asked to pay one shilling by a direct tax yet remained perfectly quiescent while every rag they were and every bit they are was being taxed indirectly. It is the same with the Australian people of to-day. To my mind the best feature about the much-abused 87th clause, or so-called Braddon blot," is that under its operation the Federal Treasurer will only need to raise very little by taxing what people eat and wear and use, and can obtain all he requires by means of a tax on land values-not land areas Irrespective of improvements. -I am, sir. c, J. P. T. CAULFIELD. Queen-street, Brisbane. 