CHAPTER XLV11. THE TARTY AT THE RECTORY. Within the space of five minutes three cabs dashed up the long drive that inter venes between the Waterloo-road and Waterloo railway station, It was barely half-past 7 o’clock in the morning, and the horses were fre3li, while the crispness In the air seemed to make tho blood of both animals and drivere bound joyously in their veins. The fact that the cabbies had made so excellent a start in their day’s work may have had something to do with their good temper and jovial chaffing. Prom the first cab sprang Noel Camp bell, and after a hasty glance round he assisted his mother to alight. He had hardly time to take her to a waiting-room then up dashed cab No. 2, depositing Sir John Sterne, looking ten years younger than he had on tho pre ceding evening, and his faithful valet, Markham. *' He’s got wonderful powers of recupe ration,’1 whispered Markham to Noel, as Sir John stamped his feet vigorously on the pavement, “ and this time, God be willing, there’s nothing to eat his heart out again.” “ Noel, my nephew,” the baronet said, holding the young man’s hand firmly, “ you whom I have hated with a fiorce intensity have proved yourself to be my best friend. Heaven forgive me for being so easily misled—-for being so ready to think evil of others. And let me say hare, Noel—let me say it while none are near who cannot understand tho eternal bond between us—let me say that I have cruelly wronged you, my boy, and bog your forgiveness. You are a noble fellow 1 Now, where is your mother ?” He asked the question almost brusquely, and the old fire rushed Into the tell-tale scar on his cheek. “ In there, uncle,” Noel said, pointing to a waiting-room. “Deal gently with her. She is only a woman, and your Bister.” “ She is your mother,” replied Sir John. “ Let me forget that she is my sister. But there !”—he brushed his hand across his eyes. “ We are all but human, and to be human is to be frail. I have been hard-hearted and stupid. Let me confess ray cruelty. What right had I to withhold what I promised my father on his deathbed to allow hi3 only daugh ter 1 She trusted to my honor ; and in my anger—my weakness because sho would not be controlled by me—instead of making your mother’s annuity five ' thousand a year, I punished her with one-fifth of it. But every penny, with compound interest, is Invested for her sole use and benefit. A handy little sum, my boy, amounting to upwards of a hun dred thousand pounds. That villaiD Grant knew all about it. He may well have reason to hate me.” He turned abruptly, and walked into the waiting-room, softly closing the door behind him. What passed between brother and Bister was only known to the angeH, but Sir John emerged a little later, his face very much softened, and Mra Camp bell’s eyes were wet wtlh tears. By this time Captain Parker was stamping about the platform, while Mrs Parker and the excited Annette were pouring a hot fire of words into the ears of Noel Campbell and Markham. Then Noel sent off a lengthy telegram to Mr Lawson, the new rector of Blair wood, and purchased the tickets, while Markham engaged one compartment for the seven passengers. During the journey Sir John wa3 pre pared by Noel for several changes at Blairwood. For the first time he heard of the death of Zeba, and the sudden and fatal illness of Mr Yallance. “ Firm in the conviction that the papers left in his care by you had been stolen by tho connivance of the Earl of Somerton and Grant for their own evil ends, 1 entered your private room—awaru that you had left the originals of the documents in the care of Mr Yallance—I entered at midnight, and secured them for the purpose of circumventing tho scoundrels should necessity arise. They j are in my brief bag, which I have here j intact.” | “And this is how the earl came to! assume control of my property,” Sir John j murmured, his moustache bristling with anger. “Aha, my lord, there is a sur prise in store for you. What can Lady i Helena Freeman be thinking about I1’ j “ She is the earl’s ally, Sir John,” . broke In Annette, with spirit. There were two closed carriages await ing them at Blairwood Station, one of which was driven by William Stretton, and the other by Landlord Bingley. The glance that Stretton gave Annette relieved her gentle heart of many forebodings. “ Where are you taking us 1” asked Noel. “ To the rectory, sir,” replied Stretton. “ Mr LawBon-” “ All right. For the present we are in Mr Lawson’s hands.” At the rectory gate the clergyman was waiting for the party bare-headed, and promptly seized Sir John by the hand, saying : “ The telegram that came this morning, with the news that you were on your way home, filled me with a delight that no words can express, Sir John. I have not seen you for twenty years, and you may not remember me: I am Harold Lawson, the man who married you and Mis3 Mer vin in India. Come. There is another groat surprise for you.” The party followed him into the front sittingroom, and, having requested them to hear him out as time was short, ho plunged into the whole history of the Earl of Somerton’s schemes. “ Why cannot we go direct to the Park 1" Noel demanded, warmly. “ Why should my cousin be loft one instant longer in the man’3 power than is neces sary 1” “ It;would spoil our plans,” Mr Lawson replied, “ and. my lord will bo horc directly with his intended bride. Miss Sterne knows nothing of his intentions ; therefore she Is safe from mental an guish.” Ho glanced at Ida watch, and conti nued : “Lord Somerton, in addition to hla other crimes, attempted to murder Mr Ca3tlemon last night. Indeed, Mr Castle mon would have been suffocated at the bottom of the old well in the Long Walk had not young Straiten, the gamekeoper, rescued him at the risk of his own neck," “ Where Is Castlemon I" demanded Sir John, a little harshly, the scar growing a fiery red. “I am hero,’’ was the sadly-spoken roply, and James Castlemon limped painfully.into the room, his head and faco swathed in bandages. All eyes were turned upon him, and Sir John started to his feet, saying— “ Heaven forgive you, Castlomon 1 Wo were friends onco. How could you have tortured and bled mo all these years ? Tell me that Campbell—my sistor’s hus band—still lives1” Castlemon's eyes wore fixed upon Mrs Campbell; then, suddenly pushing one of the bandages back from his faco, ho V‘ Do you not know me ? It is I, Harry Campbell, in very truth 1 Castlomon died many years Bince, of fever, in the jungle, after deserting the array. Now, can you understand my revenge 1 I stand before you in dust and ashes. My shame is more than I can bear ; but, if God spares me, I will lead a new life — for the enduring faith of my injured wife, for the priceless gift of so noble a “Oh, Harry!” cried his wife. “I cared for you through it all ; I will not desert you now!" She clutig to him, while his tears fell on her upturnod face. Noel was startled, but he steppod for ward, saying boldly, for he saw that Sir John had averted his face— “ Father, if I did not stand by you now, I should bo an unnatural craven in deed I” “I do not deserve this,” murmurod Captain Campboll. “ I never understood the meaning of love until now. Sir John and I wore always enomiea and rivals. We have done each other many bitter wrongs in the past; but the crime of conspiring to ruin the fair fame of his wife, and thoso that should bear his name, by a mock marriage, is unpardonable. I make no excuso ; the scheme was mine and Castlemon’s, because we hated Sir John. We met Mr Lawson at a gaming tablo, and, attracted by his glib tongue and knowledge of biblical quotations, wo taxed him with being a parson, but ho strongly denied it, though he confessed to having studied for the Church." “ 1 was ashamed of Doing seen in so wicked a place,” the clergyman inter posed, “ though I had boon driven by lack of funds to try my luck.” “ Then it was,” proceeded Campbell, “that our scheme bogan to ripen. Wo confided in Lawson ; but I’ll acknowledge that we did not obtain his consent until he had boon paid fifty rupees and had a promise of fifty moro when his work was dono. In a few days an expected up rising of the natives took place and wo seized that opportunity to got Sir John and the girl that ho had cheated us both of to go through a marriage ceremony that was to be in reality no marriage at all. Our colonel had been killed, and hla daughter, who was affianced to Sir John, needed protection, 1 do not think that I need dwell longer upon this horrible subject. Only let mo say how thankful I am to Hoaven that Mr Lawson deceived us, and was .after all a properly ordained minister. To me there have been long years of bitter—bitter remorse.” For a moment ho was shaken with emotion. “In self-vindication,” put in the clergyman, “ lot me say that before join ing m tho shameful plot, I made full in quiries about Sir John Sterne and Miss Merviu, and knew that no harm could result from a legal marriage betwoen them. Then the affair entirely escaped my memory for years.” Suddenly Sir John spoko. “ I have been torribly punished, but am by no means blameless. It is true that Campbell and I hated each othor as young men. But let It be forgotton. When I discovered the fancied wrong that had been done to me and my little child, I was not responsible for my actions. 1 searched high and low for Campbell and Castlemon, with murder in my heart. At length I heard that Campbell had fallen in battle, and I ro solved to mutilate hi3 deal body, or finish him, if any life were left. My unerring instinct guided mo to him. He was half buried among a heap of slain. 1 flashed my sword in his face and lie begged for mercy. JLle was parched with fever’s burning thirst. Satisfied that he was dying, 1 laughed at him, wished him a speedy journey to a darker world, and left him.” He held oat his hand to Campbell and added : “I believe that I deserved your hate, but I forgive all for my sister’s Captain Campboll was too overcome to reply, but he grasped Sir John’s out stretched hand, not letting go until Mr Lawson exclaimed — “ The butler and Lord Somorton’s valet havo gone into the church. The earl is not far behind.” Even as ho spoko the Park carriage appeared at tho foot of the hill, and as it passed tho rectory. Captain Campboll stood at the window by the side of Sir “The accursed scoundrel!" muttered the baronet. “ I saw his yellow face as ' tho carriage passed 1” For a moment the clergyman left the room, but came back saying— “Follow me to the vestry, please, ■ through the passage that communicates with the rectory. Make as little noise as possible.” The whole party obeyed, on the very ■ tiptoe of expectation, Sir John leaning : on the arm of Markham, and Captain , Campbell walking between his son and l Captain Parker could do little elss but give vent to ejaculations that had bettor L be left out of print, while his wife and Annette brought up the rear. , They passed into the vestry, and it required the restraining hand of Mr Law l son to stay Sir John from rushing for ward, and attacking Somerton, whom ho i could see half-supporting the beautiful i Elsie at tho altar rail. , “ Whero is Mr Lawson 1” the voice of Somerton demanded, angrily, p “I am hero, my lord,” was the reply, 1 as he advanced. “Iam here to save this 1 poor child from you, fiend that you are 1” ^ Then it was that the earl’3 blazing eyes 1 rested upon Sir John and the party ’ crowding into the doorway ; then it was : (Continued on Next Page.) that Elsie sprang into her father's arms with a cry of joy. CHAPTER XLVIll. Quick to think and to act, Lord Somerton know that ho was cornorod— that thero was not a ghost of a.chanco for tho success of his sclioino of making Eisio Sterne IiIb wife. Ho could not under stand how ho had been so cleverly hood winked, or how the man he knew as Castlemon had escaped from the well, And here was Sir John Storno, whom ho had believed to be dying thousands of miles away—hero he was back at Blair wood, and apparently in improving health. “ I owe this to Grant, curse him 1” he thought. “ I understand his warning now! He has beaten mo with my own weapons. If I ever meot him again, it is his life or mine 1" “ My lord,’’ Captain Campbell said, “ 1 will not now press you for the payment yon promised, and I give you credit for knowing in your own mind that I was not Castlemon, but Harry Campbell. When I betrayed my knowledge that yoa wore a murderer, I know that you would try to kill me, and was prepared for you. The man upon whom you intended to shift the crime was prosont, and saved me from the well. I do not know if it is Sir John’s intention to punish you for drugging and kidnapping his daughter, but while forgiving you for assaulting me, 1 intend informing the police of what I saw in the Parkjon the night that Zoba's cottage was destroyed.” “Your accomplice, Grant has lied,” re marked Sir John. “ 1 would advise you to do the same. You are a young man, clever, wealthy, and of the highest social rank, but your futuro is blasted by your own wicked and unscrupulous mind. Though you richly deserve it, it would bo Inexpressibly painful to have your agony intensified by a weary trial before a gaping crowd, and wo agree to give you twenty-four hours in which to leave the country you have disgracod and dis honored.’’ “As much to escape an expose of your own scandal as lenience towards me," sneeredjthe‘abject wretch. “There is no scandal in Sir John's life,” interrupted the clergyman. “ I am tho man who conducted the ceremony which made Miss Storno’g mother a legal wifo. You have been imposed upon in ovory way.” “Thero was a touch of sarcasm in Mr Lawson’s tones, and with a fiorco impre cation Lord Somerton turned and hurried away—out of their lives for over, with Kemp, tho pompous bntlor, and his valet following close behind. What torms they made with him for services rendered will never be known. Meanwhilo Lady Helena had fainted, and recovered at loist half a dozen times. The expected annuity had melted away, and she did not at all relish the manner In which Sir John regarded hor. At last she fell sobbing at his foot, and wa3 told to leave Blairwood Park that very day. “ You shall not face the world penni less," Sir John said ; “ but I will not have one element of discord under my roof an Instant longer than is necossary. Go to 3omo hotol or just whatever you please, and I will send you a cheque for live hundred pounds. After that I wash my hands of you, ungrateful woman that you are !” Tho party loft tho church and ontorod tho carriages that had roturned from the Blairwood Arms, and so groat was tho joy upon ovory face that any passing strangor would have vowed that there had been a happy wedding. At the last moment, however, Noel ex pressed a deBtre to walk with Elsie to the Park rather than ride, because the exercise and the sweet, fresh air would help to banish tho lingering effects of the narcotic that still clung to her system. tjpon this Annette suggested that sho should ride on the box beside Stretton. t>he did not mind it a bit—in fact, she would enjoy it. Tho requests of the young people were smilingly granted, and, when they were alone Noel caught Eisio to his breast in a mad, passionato embrace, v darliuS>” he said, “I can hardly believe that all this is roal yet I But yesterday wo wore in darkness and pain, and now Heaven itself is opotied to us, and wo are bidden to enter.” She answorod him with a kiss and a happy sigh, and thoy walked togothor, clinging tightly all tho way until thoy came to tho emboworod lawn, which Nool called the “Court of Lovo.’’ Again did they recount all that was beautiful in tho past, but tho most bliss ful moments that memory recalled paled before the exquisite joy of tho shintn" present. ° * * * % Though the reader may anticipate pretty accurately what became of the people who have played their parts in this story, ho or she would feel a little dissatisfied if the author neglected to chronicle the actual facts in black and whito, so I will gather up the threads and lay them before you. Lord Somerton took the advico of Sir John, and fled to the Continent; but, not in accordance with Sir John’s advice, he was breathing vengeance against Grant, whom he still believed had duped him. He searched for tho lawyer for many wooka, and met him at last accidentally, to be shot dead on the Instant by the man whom he was seoking. Thore was no malice or premeditated Intent to kill in the lawyer’s act. Ho was simply frenzied by fear, aftor being chased over Europe by a man who had sworn to take fala life. Then' Grant disappeared, none knew whither. fzm The blow was a severe one to the pride of his wife and stepdaughter ; but Adeline Cleveland consoled herself by marrying an aged and impecunious lord, who gave to her the shelter of a dignified name in lieu of ready cash. The gontlemanly Mr Kemp was forced to leave Blairwood somewhat hastily. To Ills disgust, he was paid his claim against William Stretton in full, and saw his hated rival reinstated as head game keeper. Then the banns were read at church by the clergyman, and there was so much malice in his heart that a little of it bubbled from his mouth. This reachod tho ears of people who had had reason to dislike him, and on the very day that Stretton and Annette were mar ried, the gentlemanly Mr Kemp was tarred and feathered by a few who had feasted not wisely but too well. He fled, and never came back again. Meanwhile Sir John had adjusted his accounts with the readjustment of hlB mind, the result being that an accumu lation due to his sister, amounting to up wards of a hundred thousand pounds, was transferred in a proper and legal manner, and to tho satisfaction of all parties, with the reservation that ho deducted every, fraction of tho money paid to Captain Campbell whon he was known as James Castloruon. This was insisted upon by the captain himself, who settled down as a model husband, and Industriously em ployed himself to the shrewd Investment of his wife’s unexpected wealth. And all this while Noel had been work ing slavishly, Ills time being about equally divided 'between his studio In London and Blairwood Park. \- In five months he had painted half-a dozon portraits, and the picture that was to make his fame and fortune had been accepted by the Academy. With this great news “he arrived unex pected at the Park one morning, and Sir John greeted him with a merry laugh; [ 1“ Hero again 1” ho said. “Noel, my boy, P think that you had better set up your studio here. If you are not con sumed with impatience [to go In search of Elsie, I would like to say a few words t* you." “Iam listening, uncle ; but pray don't be long. I have grand news myself. My last picture Is accepted, and I-” £&“ Well, well! I will be brief. You and Elsie are to be married next month, and as alljthls will be yours and hers one day, you must not take my ewe lamb away from me. I am an old man—much older than my years, and I want a young head au.d strong hands to help me in the management of my estate. 1 love Elsie, even as much as you do—In a different way. I love you, lad, because——” Tears gathered in his eyes, and Noel grasped his hands. “Uncle,” he said, “your will is our law In these things. 1 should hate to take my darling away, from you, and nothing will please us better than-” “Better than what?” interrupted Elsie, suddenly entering the room, her face radiantly lovely with the great hap piness that had come Into her life. “ Why, nothing .will pleaBe us batter than to make our home here after we are married, sweetheart," Noel concluded, laughingly, as he klBsed her blushing face. “ It Is papa’s wish, darling.” Elsie ran to her father’s arms and kissed him fondly, saying ; “ I never want to leave you, dear papa —never 1" “ Only for a little while. You must have a nice honeymoon,” he smiled. “And that reminds mo that there is a big box of wedding presents for you from Captain Parker and his wife. Now that I am satisfied I will leave you to your love-1 making. I 3eo that Mr Lawson is coming across tho lawn." Sir John loft thorn togethor to that in oflable bliss which tho true and tho tried only know. [Tiie End]. 