A Fine Opening.1 BY HONOR BRIGHT. COPYRIGHT. "I'm small but plucky," said Mrs. Niblett, "and I'm that splrlty— I dou't think enough of me own 'ealtb, Sirs. ScAlt." "You don't," ngrecd: Mrs. Scott, a . stout, red faced, "twice told" widow, of over 00. "You've worked ycrselt to skin and grief. There ain't, so to speak, a pick on yer." SI is. Niblett bared a skinny arm, and gazed at it reflectively. "But what am I to dot" snc asacu pre sently- "Six of 'em— all babies, you might say, but Kinuicr; and what with the State school and her owu laziness, she ain't no good to me." "Ah," snld Mrs. Scott, shaking her. bead slowly from side to side, "children's a mis take. If you rnrcs 'cui, they marries/and goes oft just when they might be. a neip 10 you. II you dou'trare.'em;. and they dies, why, there you've had all the. worry of 'em for nothing. Look at it as how- you -may, Mrs. Niblott, ..they're. a botheration from start' to finish." ,. . . v - ' "Arid a- truer", word iyou.. never.. spoKp, re joined Mis. NIblctt/ "Well, I must be golug. I' promised .Mr:" Boley wouldn't. bedatCr than 8, and it's goue 7."- "Uoiue -along, iu and have a blte oC soiuc- tlilnk before- you- go," urged ; Mrs. Scott. II# It AllflVlllf Illl .tllW. Mill HOW you're a-soiiig to sit. up all night, with Mrs. Boley. Hear, dear, you, have a spirit.!' . > She led the wav Into the house, , tired. little Mrs- Niblett- following.;' Then Mrs. Scott bustled around/ made . the tea ami- got out bread, cheese and pickles; r "All," said Ylrs. Niblett,- as -she took one 'of tile-latter- on her fork, "there alu't;noth- iul; like pickles." "You're right— they're so. tasty;'! agreed th'e: hostess, pouring, out . n cup of tea as strong as brandy, nud- sweetening It with a liberal hand. "'Now, ' drink, that while It s liot, my- dear, and don't spine the milk; there's more In the. can." -v., . "Well; T call this real comfortaUkV/sigliod Mrs! -..-NIblctt,' lieiMiiouth full of cheese. .. l had' such a' 'end when I came Toiiiul to -you. The children's noisy,- and baby .cutting, a tool It. .Eininer. ain't as handy as I was at j her age; ' And I lay It all to the. States I school," continued "Buimer's" , inothci ; "Him niiB their heads up .with, learning, and notlilnk' else. Now, If they'd teach ein to wash arid scrub and mend a bit.. . , . I 1 hail no State schools,'' finished, off ..Mrs, NIblctt, proudly,' "nnd just. - look at met I Why, Sirs. Wlclt— where l was all day— why, I she says to me, 'You'i'e. ..a. . lovely... blatk- leadder; Mrs. NIblctt,' she says, 'anil for. a scrubber— I never ; see your equal..- . Your boards is whiter tliiiu milk!' Those, were her own words, Mrs. Scott, tiuc's as I sit hcie." "Mrs. Wick -couldn't say no different, said Mrs. Scott, - tipping -up the pickle bottle to got at a particularly large onion. .'"Tin't-hero'ISmnler with- her spellings nnd her jography, and all -that rubbish, and can't' "clean out the: copper." Mrs. Niblett drank lier tea lu an exasperated, gulp, and pushed back her chair. , "I must go now,'! she - said, "and . thank -you kludly, , Mrs. Scott.". . "You're wClcoroe." u ne stout vviuuw »c- companlcd . her visitor tor the door. "Look here," she added, "slip In as you're .passing to-morrer morning, : and have a bit of break fast' with me." "She'll tell me all the news," Islie said to herself... . I To this Mrs. Nllilctt gratefully agreed, and I they parted. \ - -, " \- Mi's.- Scott-watched. Jiie.-tuin iigure.-uui.- ui sight. - » -vdiWt 'mlndn iuc of ..tlMt poor creature Elizabeth Wiggins, what was mur dered by her.brute of n huBband, next door I to ine," she remarked to herself. "They're I both jest the snme hard working, easy-trod- on sort. Now:, but for men"— Mrs. Scott turned back Into the kiteneu, uua spicuuiug herself down in front of the flic, stirred the coals Into a blaze— "if they could only have kep' single tlicrn women might have lived happy. Here's Bessie Wiggins murdered and Annie Niblett a wldder with six chil dren, and her not yet 30. And yet there's them as Is fitted to luive 'usbnnas," muscu Mrs. Scott. "Look at me, with my two. I mnnnged them right enough." Here she so I fiercely used the poker thnt hex bull dog Piuchcr, 111 the bnek yard, growled. About 8 the next morning, Mrs. Niblett appeared, looking, ns uer ineiiu leummvu, "less than her own shadder." "Well, and how is she?" asked Mrs. Scott, extracting from the oven a dish, from which a savory stenrn nrosc. "Dying," said Mrs. NIblctt, solemnly. "Law!" "I shouldn't be suvpriseu, coumiueu mm. Niblett, Impressively, "If, afore this time to- morrer, there ain't a change. nr«„ env "I'm not sure, but I think I ain't rnls- Itodk." 1 "You've had that much experience In deaths, Mrs. NIblctt," snld her friend, look ing at her admiringly, "that that ain't llkolv." "When I was In service," replied Mrs. NIblctt, "I nursed two of my missuses, and I laid out the last. Then there was my niothcr-In-lnw, Henery's sister." Mrs. Nib lett fixed her eyes on the celling, and counted nn her fingers, "my own mother, two aunts, and lastly, Niblott lilssclf. So you see—", she brought her eyes back to the tripe on her plate— "as you say, Mrs. Scott, I've had experience." "None more," agreed her hostess; "and how does old Bolcy take It?" "Well, to my mind" — Sirs. Niblett sipped her tea deliberately— "he don't care n rap." "Unfeeling wretch. I'd teach him " "He sits In 'the kitchen anil smokes his pipe and drinks his gin— be always takes It cold— or lays down on the box sofa. He don't ever come near her. Once she Bays to me— it were about 2 In the morning, and her voice wns awful weak " Mrs. Scott edged her chair nearer lier friend's, the better to fully enjoy what was "She says, 'Who's here?' she snys. 'It's me, Mrs. Boley,' I says, 'Anne Niblett, as lias oftentimes come In for a day's char,' I says. 'You remember rao, don't you?' 'Where's Nat,' she whispers. 'Where's my husband?' .'In the kitchen,' I says; 'shall I call him?' But with that she closed her eyes, and I couldn't get notlilnk more out of her." Mrs. Niblett spoke regretfully. "Law.!" - - ,1:'. "Brit I went hud told liiui," she continued, "for I took it she asked for him. And do you think I could get liim to coinc? Not he, the brute." Mrs. Niblett bit lier bread Indig nantly' -"And mean, Mrs. Scott. I wish you could just see her blankets. They're rags. And the docLor have ordered lier brandy. 'Givc'lt-her frequent,' bo says to me. 'How can I- give It her frequent?'- cried )frs. N")- lott, warmly, 'when there ain't none to give her.' And get her some, lie won't." "Well, we all kuow'd as Nut Bolcy was as :mcan as mean," said Mrs., Scott; "and that lie and 'she-iiever bit 'It off was '-plain to the 'French. But that lie should begrudge her a : drop of-; spirits ou'htr ! dCathbcd— aud bim a rlcli .man I" - ' "I says to him,", went on Mrs. Nioicii, "Itlilnk It must have been about midnight, and she seemed, sinking, .'Sir. Boley,' 1, says, 'by the doctor's -borders,', I.snj s, 'your w ife is to have brandy.' Ami what do jou think ails riuswer was? - Gln/ull ilo/ he aajs, I can't afford brandy/ " . fdll hnok 111 Ucf Chair. ""'"The mean old wretch,. And tliey do any ; ho'vo hundreds hidden: away somewhere. . When the hanks broke, you remember, bow he called the people fools for trusting In cm." ' "Hidden away! and that's true. | Here Mrs. Niblett bent across the table till her face -almost touched Her friend's, and whispered something Into her ear. ' "I,nwks!" ejaculated Mrs. Scott; "but are yori sure? How do you know?" _ . "Soclng's believing." answered Ni blott. ' "But bow could you . . ; "It were this way; 1 wanted some hot water, nbout 3 In the morning. He s that iiicau lie won'.t have no- fire lit hi. her, room, nnd: when I got. Into the. kitchen It were empty— lie were gone. The last time I'd been down; lie were sleeping or. the box sofa you know the sort. There's no cupboard, uor anything in the kitchen. Well, meaning no linrm,-- 1 jest lifted tlie lid, and . looked. In, and - . ; (Mrs; Scott trembled xvltli cv cttmncntl: It woro'lit no sola- at all.-" Mrs. Niblett paused. .. . "Whatever wns It then?" cried Mrs. Scott, breathlessly.; "Half of the bottom was gone, and there was a hole; and steps loading somexx licres down into a cellar,.! B'poa.e.v.or seme such ' 1 - t lisnH n tllflh,ll RtrUCK. vlli Tghe mc a turn. I dapped to the lid, qnd bnek I goes to her. Then I waited, praps linlf an hour, and then I creeps In again, and there la y N at - Bolcy fast asleep - on the sofa." -; .- . "It's like n ghost story," siiuuucreuw.e- SC"And you may depend. upon It, that's wlicreho keeps all his money; hi tlmt tbcio cellar.?' - . -.. ___ "Hundreds and hundreds,, tney, say got. Them pawnbrokers .makes money hand over fist. D'ye think she knows about the collnr?" Mrs. Nlbleftj shook, her head. -. ."I dunnov but I tlilnk not," she I said, "for tlicrt's one other thing. 3est afore 1 ;fcoiiie away lie- went down the yard to gm « hR of wood, and 1 thought I'd jesl have ano- ther peep Inside that sofa; but . . "Locked, of course,". Interrupted Mrs. Scott, contemptuously, "you might axe known that/' _ __iiV "Then It weren't," cried Mrs. N.o.exr v.u. triumph, "I lifted the lid as easy as I 0 this cup, and gueBS what I see? _ - "What?" almost sorenmod Mrs. Scott. "Old clothes; It were chock a block full 0f"Vliy,tfien. perhaps you dreamt all the otliori" suggested Mrs. Scott In a dlsnppoln- t0"IMn't sueh a silly," Mrs. Niblett spoke Indignantly, "I'd never closed an eye. No sue pushed buck her elialr. rc-t.cu uer - net, and made for tlie door. No, Mrs Scott." she repented, "I ain't mistook. Pity yon can't see for yerself. Well, I'll look In "e"Sco tlie Inside of tlmt there collnr t will, or my name ain't Sarah Scott," muttere tlie widow xv lien sue was lexv . . , might be things In It that ongl.t to be known," she added virtuously. I feel ns If I it was my duty somehow to find out, and no one can ever say. as I ever shirked my duties." ' t "She's a dying bard," said Mrs. Niblett two days later. She was stalling In front of Mr Boley, who sat smoking over tlie black rcnmaiits of (he kitchen fire, for It was long past midnight. between flOnd TO.C Bxcrything about Mm was small. Ills hands, his feet nnd his crafty green y These latter were set deep hi Ms wrinkled face. His mouth wns hard nud mean. On the whole his expression xvns unplensau.. un. . no Mrs. He kuockd out-tue asuuu — Inmumbled: "she's taking her Ul"roorsoun"' said Mrs. Niblett, lndlgnant- ,y"ls she conscious?" asked the old man Pr"Bbo?s'." answered Mrs. Niblett, "on ai.d off.- But what I've come to ask you lor, Mr. Bolcy, sir, Is a drop of tea; I'm perlsbing with cold." "The lire's out," grunted Mr. Bolcy. "It could be easy lit," answered Mrs. Niblett. "Shall I get the wood or ?" \- Mr. Boley considered ft moment. To light the fire nt least two pieces of xvood would be required— to say nothing of perhaps a match. He glanced at the bottle at bis ol- boxv. A spoonful of gin would on tbe whole be cheaper. His broxv cleared. "Mrs. NIblctt," he said,, "too much tea ain't good for no one." ."Ihoy do say," replied Mrs. Nllilett, "as It's bad for a person's nerves; but to my mind there ain't nothlnk like It for comfort, hot and strong, and xvlth plenty of sugar. Mrs. Niblett rubbed bcr cold hands as she spoke, nud shivered a little. "There's them ns 'ull tell you as tea Is a plzen," continued tbe old man. "Xlien I shouldn't believe 'cm," retorted Mrs. Niblett, scornfully. "Ah — " Mr. Bolcy slowly blew a long wbiff of tobacco smoke Into tbe chill air— "It don't do to believe too much, 'Mrs. NIb lctt, nor yet top little." Mrs. Niblett made no "response, but drew Jthe old sha wl . more tightly round lier shoul ders and alloxx'cd bcr tectli to audibly' cbnt- "tor. Mr.. Boley gave a groan, laid doxx'n bis "pipe, and rose up stlllly. He hobbled out of the room, nud presently returned xvltli a cracked cup. "It's better than a glass," lie snhl to blin- self, "for then she won't see. how much (be meant Iio\v little) I'm giving ber. ' He turned his back to Iter xvblle lie care fully poured about, a tenspoonful of gin I Into the cup, filled it up hastily with water, and presented It. to tbe-shivering woman. I "There,' Mrs. Niblett," lie snld wltli an air of great generosity, "drink - that down ma'am; that'll xvarm you nicely; and you need It too after all your slttlug up." "Lor, Mr.. Boley, sir." . Slttlug on the edge of a chair, Mrs. Nib lott sipped , tlip cold spirit, and tried ' to tliiiik-lt xvns rilce, and fool grateful to Mr. Boley. Yrit regretfully tbe vision of a hot cup of. tea floated before her. Through the open "door and ''"from the room abox-e came I tlie sound of labored breathing, and once It seemed a-: strangled' cry or call. Mrs. Niblett started. "She's calling me," she cried, nud ran upstairs. . Mr. Boley listened Intently Ins lie heard her cross the floor above, and then It -seemed to him there xvns a murmur of low voices. ' Noiselessly he crept irom uie room. "She died nt n quarter to 4," Mrs. Scott." It was the afternoon of the same day, and Mrs Niblott, her right elbow carefully nursed by her left band; - sat sipping tea In the widow's kitchen. Sirs. Scott xvns liending over tlie Tire tossing up the remnants of some cold vegetables,- whlclx her guest dc- l clared later oil to bo "better nor when they I was gvoxved." "Ah," snld Sirs. Scott, turning her heated face over lier shoulder, "four o'clock's the I time when most people's die." . "Niblett went off sudden one cx-cnlng," remarked Ills xvldow. . - : "Oh, there ain't no'Tnle."" Mrs. Scott i lifted the Btenmliig mass on to a plate. I "Help yerself; 'my dear," . she begged ; "1 it's rill- done xvltli frcsli dripping." "And : tha'Evypu";nceilri't-;tolI mo," replied lier vlsftdfejitleriliy ,.tastlng.v Misi-ccrft'a. labors being, finlslipd, she sank on to|a cl(alr,,iAhself>Out a cup of ten nnd mopphd lief , iOTehend> ) I "Both'-irilrie xvent ofyhbe' remarked, I "betweehuF/rmafn/inXhe morning, xvhlch give e-£tlc.\tti;irraiige their fune rals' coiiifort'biy-ifor tliri; next day.- jWhon I hers to be?"' I' "I don't knoxv. . He's as close as wax. Don't -want no one .to see It, I guess; for lie | won't give lier a goad one. It's a shame, for she makes n beautiful looking corpse; anil In a nice honk co'filn. Coiue along round, l and have a look at her. Ho can't deny n sight of her to lier friends." Mrs. Scott agreeing, tlie two were soon standing on Mr. Bolcy's front door step. After repeated ringing the bolt xvns at last sloxvly withdrawn, and the master np- I pcarcd. I . "What Is It now?" lie Inquired, thickly. "I've come around to have a look nt your poor dead wife, Mr. Boley," explained Mrs. Scott, Infusing Into her broad rod counten ance a sympathetic expression, "Well, I suppose you'll have to come hi, then." he growled. He led the way upstairs, stumbling a little ns lie went. Mrs. Scott nudged her friend. '"Ad as much as he can xvell carry,", she whispered. "That's Marin," muttered the widower as I they stood round the bed. "Ob, that's her right enough." "Yes," said Mrs. Scott, pulling out her pockethandkercblef. "Yes that's your pore dear dead wife, Mr. Boley. Ob, bow lonely you " "But I ain't agoing to pay for uer, con tinued the old man. Mrs. Niblett started. Mrs. Scott stared at bim. "ray for bcr!" "I ain't ngolng to," bo repeated. "Surely yon nln't alluding to hor funcrnl, Sir. Bolcy," asked Mrs. Scott lu n seunda- llsed tone. "Yes, I am," be hiccoughed; "It's Marin, I ilon't deny it; but she can pay for lier own coffin, can't she?" He turned leering hide ously to Mrs. NIblctt. "Law, sir," Mrs. Niblett xvas almost ns white ns the corpse. „ . "Tlie drink's turned Win silly, cried Mrs. Scott Indignantly. "For shame, Nat Boley. Can't you leave the bottle alone at such a "'"Alb" Mr. Bolcy hiccoughed again, "pr'ap's Maria's found out by this time xvhy a bottle holds so little and why n person holds so muck. Thnt always bent me. There's nothing lu a bottle," argued -Mr. Boley, growing warm , over tbe subject, "as 5 compared with " '1 "Of nil the unfeeling wretches," com- !| mcnced Mrs. Scott, throwing up her bands. !' There was a ring nt tbe bell. ' :j| "I'll see xx'bo It Is," cried Mrs. Niblett In j a relieved voice, and she hurried from tbe T room. .1 When Mrs. Scott once made up her mind j to do a thing, slic generally did it. To see j the Inside of that cellar she xvns determined, and to compass this end slio decided to stick j at nothing. -1 Nat Boley would of course attend his wife's funernl; the house would be left— tlich would be lier chance. The trifling detail of effecting an entrance unbekiioxvn to the owner did not trouble her. Tlxe funeral xvas to take place early In tbe afternoon, nud somehow she'd manage to slip In xvbile poor Mrs. Bolcy was being carried out. There was sure to be a crowd round tbe door— a funeral xx-ns a delicious excitement in Por ter-street, and no one xvould miss one for the world. The thrilling moment of hoist ing tlie coflln Into tlie hoarse would centre all eyes nxvny from tlie house; then xvould he her opportunity. Tlicro xvas the chance that old Nat might still be about locking up, but . somehow- she 'told herself she'd dodge V him.- I-Io was old arid rlcketty on. bis. logs, and would bo certain to be none too Sober! ' Once get Inside the liousc — that was tlie chief thing. She was going to do no barm, she told herself. She wns only Just going to see If Nat Bolcy bad nil those hundreds and thousands stowed away In the cellar. " Everyone knew he distrusted banks and building societies; so where xvas bis money If not In tbe cellar? There was tbe chance that the trap door might be loeke"ii"; very likely It would bo. But if that xvcre so. It xvould only settle tbe fact of the money. And she lind a. reason— a good reason — for wnntlng to be sure" of Mr. Boley's wealth. "Here It comes," said someone. A delighted shudder passed through the little crowd assembled In front of Mr. Beloy's bouse, ns tlie steady tramp, trnmp of feet drew nearer, and rienrer. They fell hack, but pressed forward again ns the coflln, covered by Its shabby pall, passed through tlielr midst and xvas hoisted Into the- lioarse. "Not n flower on Iier"-"And goin' to follcr in thnt old enb"-"HIin so rich too"— Tbe old miser ought ter be ashamed of hjs- self." These, and various opinions were, ex pressed by the onlookers: but u,i &»/,»<- hoard none of them. Before tlie coflln was xvell Into the bcnrsc, slic bad seized lier mo ment, and slipped through the open door and Into the little front parlor. Slic held her breath as she licard old Nat come unsteadily down the passage, and In tlie dim light (for tlie blinds xvcre drawn) she looked wildly round for a hiding place,. In case lie should enter tlio room. Rut im want nn nh. benrd blin bang to tlie bouse door and lock It. Then slio ran to the window, nud through n cliluk snxv him helped Into tlie cab, and the procession started. Some of the peoplp.fol- " lowcd'i.tlie rest after cazlnir curlouslv at' tlie house— oven - coining, up the two steps and peering through the keyhole— went bomb! At' last! Mrs. Scott stole from tlie room on' tlploo. - Once In the kitchen' she breathed more freely: She looked around-' her." It was a miserable place enough. Beyond the' old man's clmlr, the sofa and a table there wns V-- nothing -la It. Mrs. Scott lost no time; she lifted tlie lid of tho sofa 'and . Sud- denly, there xx-ns n slight cronk on the stairs. Slip paused, .listening. Yes, surely -stealthy footsteps were- .creeping, crapping- down. It xvas'thp middle of the. dny, and Mrs.- Seoit whs noi.bollcvor; In -. ghosts at any time/ Ybt,' ih this lonbly ;house; 'lri this darkened roonl,- : xvlth 'niybtbry;urider.hcr, feet arid a corpse so lately/ overhead!. . ! . Was It possible tliat the dead woman, not. yet cold in" her grave, not yet ex-en in it: . . . Could she linve dlx-Incd her (Mrs. Scott's) reason for being there and' resented It? The steps xvcre stealing doxrn tlie passage— In another moment. . . . The perspiration broke out on Mrs. Scott's forehead, and ran doxvn lier fat checks, xvlilch xvcre noxv ashy xvlilto; her legs trembled so, that for the life of her -she couldn't have run nxvny— she couldn't ox-en stand. Wliou she entered the kltclicn she lind pushed to Uio door, nnd now as she snxv It being sloxvly pushed open, she sank almost fainting to the floor, with Just strength enough to tliroxv hor apron over lier head, to keep out the vision of a bandaged white face, . with . tlie staring eyes of .a corpse. A shrill scream: revived her;, she stnggcrcd . to bor feet;, and .there, clutching tbo door post for support, stood Mrs. NIblctt. The two women faced cnch other. Mrs. Scott xvns tlie first to speak. "Anne NIblctt," slio said, sternly, "what are you a-dolng of. hero?" "And xvhut are you a-dolng of?" quavered back Mrs. NIblctt, trying to pluck up some spirit, "Tbnt'8 my business," retortcu Mrs. Scott. Mrs. Niblott, having somexvlint recovered herself, eyed lier steadily. "Sarah Scott," slie snld, "you go liomo; you've no call to be hero. 'Twnsn't to you," slic said. . . Slio pulled Herself up short ' Mrs. Scott Instantly— as she said to herself— "txvlgged" tlie true reason of ber friend's presence, or thought sue uiu. "How do you knoxv?" slie asked. "Me and Mnrlri Boley' xvns alxvnys good friends." "What did she tell you?" Inquired Mrs. Niblett, suspiciously. .. , - "Well, I won't say she told uic—as much - as slie told you," admitted Mrs. Seott; "but many a time she's give me hints." Mrs. Niblett looked perplexed. "Well, that's funny," slie snld, "for It was only just afore she xvns took bad that sbs knew." "Knew what?" asked Mrs. Scott, un guardedly. "Why, about It," answered Mrs. NIblctt. "1 don't Ix-lleve you know anything," she cried indignantly. "P'r'aps you and me's at cross purposes," declared Mrs. Scott. Her curiosity was now fully aroused. Time was passing and noth ing had been accomplished. "Look here," she said, coaxingly. "tell me what you want to do. I might help you. Old Boley will soon be back." Mrs. Xiblett started. "Ob, I must find It," she cried. "She give It me. She said, 'Don't let him have It; I'd sooner throw It into the gutter.' Oh! where can It be' I searched upstairs when I laid her out. It ain't there." "What ain't there? What did she give yon? Speak up, Anne Xiblett." Mrs. Scott shook her by the shoulder. "Some money an aunt left her. I don't know how mnch. She got It the day before she took 111. 'Xat don't know anything about It," she told me. 'I don't want him to have it — he's been a cruel, mean 'usband to me,' she says; "you're to have it, Annie Xiblett.' "And look what It would be to me, with all my little children," wept Mrs. Xiblett, "and now I can't find It." "But didn't she say where she'd hid It," Inquired Mrs. Scott, "and what was it in? Come, try and remember." "That's just It," said Mrs. Xiblett, drying her eyes, "she was dying fast when she told me all this — and sometimes her voice was that weak I eouldn't hardly catch her mean ing. But I made out it was in a box— a tin box, I think she said. If Xat's got hold of It, it's In that cellar. But there — he don't know nothing about It. Leastways, she said he didn't." "In that cellar." Mrs. Scott gave a great jnmp. "We'll have to sec If It's there or not," she said. "If yon like I'll go down; sposlng It's unlocked." Mrs. Xiblett looked at her gratefully. .Without another word Mrs. Scott turned to the sofa, and lifted the lid. 'T wish there was some more light," sheninttered,feelingabont ninong the old clothes that, filled it. "We dursn't draw up the blind." ; "They seem put in anyhow," said Mrs. Nib- \- «ett, peering. "Toss 'em out. We can easy bundle them in." "A11 right— yon hold np the lid. Xow, Where's the trap door? Ah, here's a bolt." "Mrs. Scott poshed it hack. Close to It was an iron ring. She tugged at it, and half the bottom of the sofa lifted, and, folding back, revealed a short flight of steps barely discernible In the gloom. A damp, earthy smell floated up, "Smells like a grave," shuddered Mrs. Xib lett. Mrs. Scott was too keen on business to mind any smells. "I'll go down," she whispered In her ex citement, "and then you hand me this candle." She produced cue from her pocket, for she was a woman of forethought, and had come provided. Scarcely, however, had she managed to get herself half way through the trap, for . It was narrow, and she was stout, when there was a noise at the front door, the sound of a key being inserted Into the lock, the hum and murmur of voices. "Oh, Lord, oh Lord, he's hack a'ready!" Mrs. Xiblett wrung her hands. "Here, help ine up. I'm stock or some- think," cried Mrs. Scott. Mrs. Xiblett caught her roond the shoul ders and pulled and dragged; but poor Mrs. Scott was apparently firmly wedged In. The unfortunate woman waved her arms frantically, like a windmill, and tried to lever herself up by means of Mrs. Xiblett's frail body. In vain. "Oh, what shall we do? What shall we floi" panted Mrs. Xiblett. "I dunno," Mrs. Scott panted back. "This comes all along of my good nature." "Go on. what was you here for when I found you?" sobbed Mrs. Xiblett. "Listen!" Mrs. Scott held up her hand. 'It ain't old Boley— there's too many of 'em, and they're a'carrylng of somethlnk In. Peep through the door and see what it Is." Mrs. Xiblett did as she was bid. And she did more. She ventured down the passage, and the front door being open, she flew through it, not stopping to Inquire the reason of the knot of men she caught a glimpse of in the parlor, bending over something that lay on the table. A little crowd had gath ered In front, and they pressed her with questions as she pushed past them. "R he much hurt? Did the hobby find him? Was that a doctor?" "I'm agoing for one now," panted Mrs. Xiblett, seizlug on the Idea, aud she sped home. "He's quite dead," said the doctor. "Drink and old age, I expect. But there'll have to be uu Inquest. What was his name?" "Xat Boley, sir. He'd been a carpenter at one time, and then n pawnbroker." They were talking in the passage. The policeman's voice was loud and strong. Mrs. Scott, who could bear every word distinctly, recognised it. Horror of horrors! A police man In the house. If he sliuuld catch her there. She must— she would get out. She gave one last, tremendous final struggle- there was a crack as of reudlug garments— uiid she was free. How she got home she never knew. The poIlcemaD stopped and questioned her as she passed him guarding tlic front door, and 6be gave him to understand she had been "cleaning np." Anyhow, she found herself Eafe at Inst In her own kitchen. Nat Boley's will was duly proved, and the money claimed by a distant relative. He left what the people In Porter-street railed n good round sum. But It was all Invested In stocks nnd shares. The cellar, which turned out to he about 4 feet square, was simply full of bottles, mostly empty, and rags. Xo tin box cotain- lug money was ever found, antl if It liad been, there tvns nothing to prove Mrs. Xib lett's claim to it. "It's my belief," Mrs. Scott always said to herself, "that Anule Xiblett dreamt all that. "Taint likely Maria Boley 'ud give all that money only to her, and no one else— though she was a foolish womau. I should n managed Nat far better." For Mrs. 'Scott had determined, had things turned out according to her wishes, nnd after a decent Interval, to make Mr. Boley her "Xo. :t." Perhaps death was more kind to him 