A Coolac -Voice Speaks of Charity. ...... .,.,' TO THH EDITOR. . ? ? .. Sib,— 'Tha open picket is better than the ordinary' sympathatio heart,' So „ ?? said a.bitter' philosopher, and practical -. ? syapathy ir ranch more substantial than ? those_ovpry;daj;»ympathotio..look«-ao4... ,,.?? ., . : :. wards.' But it can bi.aafaly ..said thst tho sting of sacb^bitter philosophy will ' ... no! prick' itXTmniminciioYilia majority ^ of Gundaga'i people,' and — w'ell'it may ??'-'? touck the hearts of n few people who (, follow with remarkable accuracy tho ' example of that historic gentleman who. ' '' , . ? when he had anything to ?spn.'re;rh»lt-ecl '[' ' himself first, and then, if there was any ,'' left, helped himself again. But to their j'.] ctsditletit bo said that the word ' un- . charitible ' cannot be applied to the *' majority of Qandagai folk, and . tba ']'['- practical eyrapatky shown by tUo mom- .' bersof the Gundigai Dramatic. Society . aud others with past .charitable move- -.' monta is something to be proud of by any Christian community. Note, for '. Instance, their past readiness t» assist the local hospital ; tho concert in iid of that unfortanate miner, the late Mr. ' ''' Lamprell ; tie social in aid of the Kiss family, and their freely proffered assist ance to a movemint to kelp an unfor tunate family in Conlac — good intentions that were doomed to disappointment by * circumstances over which they (the men- '. , . bars of the society) had no control. Tbe proof of the public appreciation of such large heartednoss ia supplied by . , the splendid successes that their efforts achieved. And talking of charity, the povorty that silently seeks it sets one to wondering how so much poverty exists, and why the comforting but cold hand, of charity is so muah needed in a prosperous district— a district that can afford to build fine churches, and pays for them with eagerness. It would] '. ^..'~ attike an unprejudiced obsorver from '?';..;? Mara or the Moon, or sbino other such ' i.;^ alevatad position, that soma of the sur plus money that is spent on those palatial buildings, and their costly acces sories, would go a long way towards ? alleviating tbe poverty and tile Borrows - . of the downtrodden pnor, and that ws . ! could just as well uttond our religious .. dntiss in far less costly and pretentious buildings, I know » man who gives ponnds yearly to the churches, h reckoned - a 'jolly good fellow' amougst his selected acquaintances, and who, has refused a poor awagman a feed, Of . course that man may piwo his way to , huaven with, gold, but. .when. ha gt'B ? there I fancy that swagman's ghost ought to haunt him very frequently and very fiercely. Perchance, in that strange ?. unfdrbidden land, things are regulated . . differently to what tbay are in this fierce, burry^icurrying world ; if- so; to '. my way of thinking, swagman will bo the larger shareholder in that- faraway city of Jasper walls and golden alleys. ' But it wculd take something stronger than printer's Ink to soften the hearts of some peoplo. Muriatic acid, and extra strong at that, might have tho desired effect — but I doubt it. I am, -etc., THE HOPEFUL ONE. Coolac, May 10..1800. ; 