The Storyteller. OPAL RING. CHAPTER II. I .was only a minute or two reaching the .morning room and securing my treasure. All the house was as still as the grave. . There was not so much as a mouse .stirring that I could hear, and I congratulated myself 011 the ease with which I had accomplished my purpose. How could I have been so thoughtless as to forget to take die ring away ? A thousand things might have happened to it; but it was all righf now, and I would never run the chance of losing it again A sudden gust of wind blew out my candle as I leftthe room,—a draught caused .it, it.seemed to me ,by the: door would open at that time of night ? It must T have been some movement of my own. I had no need of a light; the way back to my own apartment was starlight enough, and I felt my way up the great staircase as quickly as I could. Half-way up I discovered I was not alone ; I could not hear a footstep or see anything ; but there was that awful sense of something near that is so frightful when the presence is not understood. ' Who is there ? ' I gasped ; but my lips refused to make the sonnd, and in answer to my question, there caine a ray of moonlight from somewhere, and showed me a tall white figure, shadow}' and ghost-like, gliding down the red carpet of the staircase towards me. Again I tried to cry out, but my tongue.literally clove to the roof of my mouth with terror, and The thing came 011 till my mouth witli the thing came on and on till my hand grasped in one that felt like a corpse. Ail was dark again, and with a hoarse cry I sank down on the steps and knew no more. t a W o CHAPTER III. No one heard me. ntou. louse, It seemed to ;t ha^^chged, Cut its lond ness existed only in my throat, and 1 laj r senseless and ccld on the staircase till nature asserted herself, and I' came back to my senses agaiu slowly, and with horror unutterable in my hear'. What had I seen ? What dreadful thing had come upon me in the darkness and clasped me with such a deathlike touch ? The moon had shitted now, and a ilod of soft light was pouring in through the great painted window that gave light to rtie staircase, touching everything with tinted rays, and making the pictures and statues on the landing look like things of shadowy and wierd life. How I crept back to my room I hardly know. It was still and peaceful enough there, and I bnried my head under the bedclothes iu a very paroxysm ot terror, and come what wonld.my stay atDrewh urst^Grange should be of the very briefest. Is was white and haggard enough when I fohnd my way down to the breakfast parlour; troubled beyond measure, for my ring was gone, it must have sliped out «f my hand when I fell down, and 1 cduld not find it anywhere- I,fpun<J Lady Bertha thereteefore me.—for(J indeed, I was atroeiously Jlate,—loQld^g^aleand p a pa isf^-she saiclj in' answer to iny questions; die has had a fainttrig fit, and mamma was much alar:'; ined. ' I jdori't quite.know, what has happened, -but—, , • ' v' 1 _£ja.dy Chacewater entered-at that moment, 'her gopd-tempered' "face: full pf trouble. — - ^ pfasmS 1 her if there was anything I could do for her. And while I was talking to her she suddenly burst info prssionate tears, evidenfly the result of fright ;*nd agitation, repressed as long as she was with her husband, but to be controlled no longer. Lady Bertha ivai not in the room ; she had gone to her own boudoir for something, ai'd I slipped»the boit o£ the door that no one might come in, and let h:r weep unchecked for a minute or two. * Thank you, my dear,' she said, when she was able to look up once more. 4 It has done me good. I am very foojish, but—' ' Tears stand between us and madness sometimes,' I said softjv. ' If th-re is auytliing I can do for your ladyship, I shall be so glad. 1 I' < know,—I know,—I don't know that there is anything now; but I may want help, and I cannot talk to the servants.' Mf you will pnly trust mej' I re- 1 1 am sure you will, my dear. I have learned to like you, and to see that you are brave and self-reliant.' I could hardly help smiling as I honght of my faint on the stairs in the night, and my resolve to run way from Drewhurst Orange, hen I came to myself, my self-reliance was not so great. If she .had nly known all. With many interruptions of tears, she told me her trouble, poor lady, She believed her husband wa^ going out of his mind. He had declared to her that he had had a summons to the next world,—a message from the deod ; that in the night there had come to him, how or from whence he did not knojv, a token that he could not misunderstand. ' A token 1' I said, wondering ; it was all so strange. • Yes, my dear,' the countess said, ' Ask Lady Fordycp to take the breakfast-table for me, will you, Pe ters ? she said to her maid, who came in at this moment, ' I will be down in a little while,' and we retreated through a side door as the first of the guests made their appearance. ' We will have a cup of tea up here,' she said, drawing me into her dressing-reom. I. shall be better when I have talked to you. I have hour- ortwo~ as ! if T were going mad as well.' " I hope it will all be explained,' I said. There is a reason to be found for everything in this world if we only knew where to look for it.' ' I can't find one for this, my dear; but you shall hear all about it, and if I want help, I shall know where to look for it.' ' You shall have any help I can give you, dear lady,' I said. She pressed my hand and went on ' You must hear it all,' she said, ' and then you will understand. Years ago, long before I knew him my lord was married. The story is no sec.et ; it was a very sad one. The marriage was a secret one. always a foolish thing, but he was afraid of what his father would do or say. The old man was a stem, hard man, and eaten -up with pride of race, and the young lady, though good and beautiful, was not of noble birth, and was poor besides. '.A few months after they were married, business took Lord Chace water—he was not Lord Chacewater then nor with much, chance of the title—to the Mediterranean. There was an awful shipwreck and only, a few were saved, he, being one o^ .them. For- months,it/seemed as if he miglit as well have been-lost,/.for Tie had,received sojpe injury to -his iieatij ^ud" he 'lay vjp Malta fewer stricken and senseless, and only discovered by his friends by the merest accident. W^en at- last he did recover, his first thought was of his wife, and he deputed someone ke could trust to enqiiire £bout her. ' -Alas 1 she was dead, ^mdtJie child ?foo, and her friends , had removed • J-"- £roirf the v part =of the country where r maid- ihad first seen .her and were* gone jneJa?ew,wlxere. fixate 