M ouse a n d Lobbies. GALLERY NOTRfL There was a very lengthy diieaiiion ud gambling in the Legislative Council last evening. Acoordiog to eome members of tb e Upper Chamber life is a dull, prosaic thing, and it is nothing without a little wogarjQg. The world m ay be old and cold and a prison to eome of ua, bnt it is very young and warm and a kind of joyous Mayfair when tbe totalieator i> moving srouod. One hoa. member, who has long overlapped the span of life gamble, and be neoii.oned incidentally (hat he got hie fimt lessons in gambling from playing marbles at echeol, For tbe sake of (hose who delight in anoient history, ene is sorry that tbe origin of gambling in the island colony ■nd its environments a few years back was net touched upon. No member ventured to go back more than four decades, as far as bis own experience went. Gertainly one middle-aged legislator got a trifle poetic. He painted iaiisoage picture of tlie babe enoireled by an atmosphere of love aud sorrow, and hen he followed the nipper out into the world, traced him from boyhood to msohpod, and discovered him resting quietly under the shade of a " tote " waiting for the numbers to go up. No one in the Legislative Council attempted to dire derptr or soar higher than this. The member for Meander grappled a little mere closely with the gambling riddle, and hoped -•-sincerely hoped—that the 44 to te" Would never be used oatiidc of the oircle of arsceoooree. Mr Piesse stood or summit of the Andes of non-gambling. Ue mourned over gambling of any de- ■oriptieu. He wondered how tbe reason of the average Tasmanian could be blinded, dwarfed, smpified, and almost annihilated with tbe fascinations of tbe *‘(<>>0." Tiiingi iigut and frivolous, which amuse and divert on a mceeourie, do not suit Mr Piesse’e book by any meant. Mr Booke eays (bat the teiioti of thi* it that (he member for Hooking' ham has never beoa on a rsceoenree, Devermtde a bst, end sever koowa what the pleasure of easily earned sugar Perhaps it is not worth while teinrestigate matters of this description. Comm an juitice demands that th at the Axemen’* AHioriatioo and Kegatta Associations mu«t bare tbe tote, cays hon. member of the Oountil Jusiice demands that (hey eball not, bays another. There is not the fire and vioe and 41 wrinkling " at a sport* gathering that there is on a racieoune, remirked oue speaker, and w em ustnot pul temptation in the paths Of tb« young. Ta.k of (bischaraster eat dp abaut two hours and a half of the Council's time yesterday, I t will take longer to- day The Totalisator Bill has passed its second reading and got into Oommiltee The Hon. Wm, Dodery told the Leeie latire Council a tale of early gambling yesterday, He was a youag fellow. That was many years ago. H e west 1c the races with a shilling in bis pocket aod a speculaiiv* spirit. H e lost the shilling early in tbe day, and then he felt miserable and his interest in many of the races died out. " But all life is a gamble, you know," remarked the good old Northern sport. There is no doubt about the trulb of bis remarks. On Friday the Minister of Railways stated lh«t the piles in the Bridgewa1 Bridge, which bad been somewhat eaten away, were renewed. H -wuuud up by remarking in tff-cl (ht( hon members ►taonld out make i jsdiuioua aieten that might create alarm Of course this was rapping M r Dob»on over (be knuckles aod be did. not like it. He told tbi Hoose so last evening, but memhers only lauubed when he at-ked indignantly, 44 Did I make an injudicious statement f Did I create alarm P’ Toen be com pared bis remarks with the re> port presented by the Minister on tbe bridge, contending they differed little in fubstesce. t'apiaio Miles did not reply to (he nrm bcr for B rig h t^ aod this appeared (<» rile him mere than anything, for Mr Dobaon is a bjrn figh'er, and he likes to bare it oot—even if he is knocked bfcekoo to the ropes. The Hoose got mixed over the Electoral Bill and the Bill to continue tbe Electoral Act. The Attorney- General propored t> withdraw tbe former for the present, and this cauved rome confusion M r Davies (Chairman of Commit1 tees) lift the chair, the 6peak*r for eome time did not take command, aod members, being relieved from the cub* tamary stricture*, made the best of tbeir opportunities. Tuey obat'ed araongut themselves glibly and decided the question to tbeir own particular liking a dozen times over At Let Mr Speaker •am* to tbs r«*eas and ra le i te a t the Attorney-Generil most retire the P*rmment Bill before proceeding to insert clauses it contained into the Continuing Bill. Mr UeWillismv ccocratalaied Mr D rqubarton proposing to cope, in coDiihUalion Bill, with tbe registration syi-tem a system (bet was con<lemi<e(' from one end of the colony to the Other To get over the difficulty the A ttorney General moved (bat Order of fhe D*y f*o. 6 — eonvideratioa of Electoral Bill, 1897—be discharged, Wbieb was agreed Tbe Premier h*s backed down from the position be had taken up jo referenoe t the member for Ringarooma’a motion, that correspondence between the Govern meat of Tasmania and the Imperial Government relative to the Royal Assent to Bills during the past four years, be laid on the table of tne House, It will be remembered that last week he stated there was no correspondence Now he stales that tbe Atiorney-Generai did in 1696 address His Excellency the Governor as to tbe reserved Royal assent to tbe Foreigo Com pea ie* Bill, aod tbe pipers in regard (o it will be found in the Parliamentary journals. Haviog got thus far the Premier should judiciously "give up the ghost," and produce the remainder of the correspondence. W hilst tho Eleotoral Act Oonlionation Bill was being, dtecu'sod U r Oemeroo related eo instance of injustice to employee of his under the oid ayrtem for voting. 44 This n u , " said th e member for Deloraine, 44 had voted in (be Delorame electorate for a p*riod of 10 years. He took ill with what is oslLd idfluenea.aod although his wife witnessed his signatore and the returns ware sentin bis name was straek off the roll." 41H* might get the influenza atein this yea*/' interjected Mr Von htieriitc, 14 N o/' chuckled Mr Oumeron.pnssibly meditating oa tbe fart that he coo d count on that one vole am ongit.othsri; “ at,d 1 desire tn thank the Aitorney-Genersl for effecting a very necessary altsra ion." Mr Yon fiteiglitc, who did not appear to be elear on the subject u: what the Bills contain, beosme enlighten'd, and fell back in his seat satisfied. M r M u’caby accused (he Government of not !oi<kiog after the rffairz of the State inasmuch as they did not purchase the Zee ban and D andai line when they had an opportunity of doing so to advantage. The Attorney G-neral, reply, elated that some people were frightened of Gitn»piD>e»m%ki'.k mon«y in the colony* M rMulotby interjected end tbe 8 toaker culled ' Order." lb s Attorney Geur/e) (to M r Mulouhy) t "Y o u r interruption does net diicoseart mo. No ops dare interrupt the member for Hobart whilst he is speaking, y«t he interrupts more frequently than anyone himself/’ M r Moleaby smarted coder the rebuke, and nllowsd*tbe Attorney. General to eonolude his argument with* out farther interruption. M r Gilmore is desirous of psrmitfir-g boarding house keepers to supply lodgr] with liquor iu quantities of not lei than one pint at a time. He hae given notice to move to that effect. This proposal wonld, doubtless, encourage sly grog selling, and is not likely to inset witb general favor. The Council of Churches and the Temperance Societies will have their eagloeyes the member for George Town, and usual meetings will be held to condemn the motion in particular, and the liquor traffio in general. * The Premier wants a sum of mosey (•mount notaentioned) appropriated for the purpose of pensioning old Civil servants who are compelled to retire through ill-health and from old age. The action of S ir Edward will set the community and tbeir representative* thinking why Civil servants should be pensioned off, whilst tbe destitute old aged outside the service will remain to fight for an existence* depend upou their relatives for supporter obtain relief from a charitable msti* tution. In faot when the motion comes on be will no jloubt be requested to briDg in an Old Age Pension Bill, 