UNDER FATE'S- WHEEL . s * ..???? -'?'?? ? ? - ?: — ? * — . ? _ [By LAWRENCE L. LYNCH, author of 'Shadowed by Three,' 'No Proof,' etc.] CHAPTER XXVLMContinued.) Immediately after lunelieon Terry again seuks Sheriff Cook, and if is only when he flnds him still absent that he bioun.s his trusty wiieel and goes to the villa straightway. j But Terence Glynne, the near friend and confidante of toyd Hilton, is not the man whom Hope can face with equanimity, not knowing his mission, and, in the absence of her aunt. Terrv finds hiiusplf denied. 'Miss Cassandra is absent,' the maid as sures him, 'and Miss Hope is indisposed, and btgs that he will excuse her, aud come— at another time.' And then it is that with set teeth and the look in his eyes of a man who lias resolved to know, and not to be thrust aside, lie turns his face towards Redlands. j From the first moment of their meeting, Mrs. Hilton has been glad to welcome Terry Glynne to her home, for his own sake; and it is for his own sake that she greets h'm with a shade of embarrassment now, for. believing, as she still does, tliat Lorna is mourning for Felix Chetwynde, and knowing also the hope and the love which such men as Terence Glynne can no more conceal than they can their own honest manliness, she is ill-prepared to give him the comfort she would, or the news he seeks. She is somewhat anxious, too, for Loyd has gone out upon the lake alone. He dees this often of late, she tel^s Glynne, and Lorna— this is the source of her chief uneasi ness— Lorna, according to Higgins, the gar dener's aid, has' goiie .into th.e \\\joods to the southward upon her wheel, and' in company with Miss Cassandra Chetwynda; and while the lady is glad to have Lorna in such good and safe company, she fears that the girl may overdo, hi her desire to be with' the kindly spinster, and venture too fast and far. When Terry turns away from Mrs. Hilton's door, he rides slowly southward, along the lake shore, and presently he comes upon the trail of the two bicycles, their swinging curves dis tinct in the soft sand. Why shall he not follow them? He long? to see. Lorna, if only for a mc- ment, and Miss Cassandra is his friend, even as he is hers. She is so safe, so sensible, and— if Loma is no. too cold toward him — if she does not real y shun him again, he is sure that Aunt Cass will jrive mm me cnance ror just a wora aione with her. The thought warms his heart. The trail is fresh, and he follows on, wondering much when it leads him directly to the Heghts. There are moments in the lives of most when formality, ceremony, the wordy, mean ingless preface to the real thought waiting for utterance, all fall away, and human beings are as humanly direct as Nature's children wore meant to be when Nature reigned. It does not startle Loma when, arousing from her brief swoon, she sees Terence Glynne bending over her. and having seen him. she heaves a long sigh of content, and rests for a moment with her eyes half closed, then put ting cut her hand, she lets him lift her to a sitting posture, and glances about her. She does not ask how or why he is there; she does not think of it; she thinks first of the face, and then of her friend. 'Where — is she?' 'Miss Chetwynde? She rode off in feot haste in pursuit of some person of whom I could only catch a glimpse through' the trees. She called, as she ran, for me to assist you.' 'Then— there was someone!' The . girl's face begins to glow. 'There was someone, then! and now — now! Oh, if Sheriff Co k were only here!' Her eyes are brightening, her breath comes almcst pantingly, she is powerfully excited, and Terry begins to fear that some sudden frigliti lias for the moment unsettled her already sorely tried nerves. 'I was sure of it!' the girl goes on eagerly. ''Almost certain that if I. could only muster fke courage— it would come back to me- And bow— ir has corns, it'-., has . come I- Oh; — I don't see how I can Wait^-for that sheriff to come back. If only I could get to him now.' Her color is rising; already she is struggling to her feet, is moving toiward the bridge. He must soothe her at all hazards, thinks this de luded lover; he must take her home at once. 'Miss Hilton,' he says very qu etly, 'Mr. Cook is at home. He came this morning.' 'Oh! are you sure— sure? I am so glad! Now. at last; I can go to him and tell hi ji that there was another in the wood that day. Oli. I have so longed to be able to show them where to search for that other one, and now ? ' Is she growing hysterical? Her voice trembles and breaks; she stops, and, leaning her face against a tree, begins to sob. Terry is almost beside himself. Has nor Mrs. Hilton confided to him her fears for ihe result of so much brooding over her brother's unhap py position, of her talk — 'wild talk,' as the good lady has described it — of someone eise — of a face she has forgotten, and longs to recall —a face seen in the woods that day? And who should know better than Irrnself that Loma could have seen no face? He re calls Loyd's discovery, made from the tree top, of the carriage going so swiftly down the hilly wood' road, recklessly, and without a dr.ver. Can she have heard their talk in her halfcon scious state, and imagined it some fleeing as sassin whose face she has seen? I uii, it is iouy to iuiiik: — nemust act, must taKe tier home, before sfie grows really d-ilirious, fcs she was at first, as, the doctor has said, she ?night so easily become again. f Suddenly the sobbing ceases, and she looks lup. 'Do— do you think I ought to wait here cor— Miss Cassandra?' she asks anxiously. jf 'Not at all! We ought to go at enc-e. Miss feilton.' Miss Chetwynde put you in my care. ?She — there was semeone she was most anxi loiis to see.' And now for the first time he Rives a moment's thought to the spinster, and fto wender if she, too, has suddenly gone inad. XBut, no, there is method in Miss Cassandra's madness, of that he is very certain. She has pursued in hot haste, and ;doubtless in wrath, feome spy; there is ddub.less reason in her Bight. And may it not even have been, in part, at least,- for him— to give him the oppor tunity he craves? . ? . --??-?? :KShe has gone, whatever -the reason, and 'he :ts .here with this Invely- distrSught girl. He yniist think — he desires to tfflhk-^-of her, and ber only^ ? j-. ? :?- ? ;.- /Very gently Tie speaks, urging her to calm pess; and humoring her strange fancy;' and presently they are mounted, he riding close be side her, watchful and tender, and marvelling at her strength and sudden quiet. If she will only remain thus— at least, until she is safe within her own walls! ?.. . Suddenly she turns toward him. 'Mr. Glynne, I ought to explain my meaning to you, I know. Perhaps my brother has tol j you something— about the face — which I saw find was not quite sure ? ' ''Yes!' -he breaks in . eagerly. VYes, Miss Lorna; Loyd and I are quite in each other's confidence, you know. You need not speak of it now. I quite understand— quite.' Lorna thanks him, and relapses into silence; lomething, it is evident, is troubling her mind. Little more is «aid by either, 'and the girl's old manner of reserve comes gradually back as they go -on.. She grows weary, too, and when they arrive at Kedlands goes at once to her room, leaving Glynne to explain to Mrs. Hilton. ; 'I'm so tired, mamma!' she says. 'Please let me go to my room, and— Mr. Glynne— wLl you mind telling her? I cannot talk of it, now.' Mrs. Hilton hears his story with a troubled face. 'I am not surprised,' she says. 'I have felt ' that! if something does not occur to lift this stigma from Loyd's shoulders ? ' ; i 'But. she jjelieves him innocent,'.. Terry in terposes. I 'She does, finnly. But she has also grown ' to believe, or to fear, that the world and his judges .will pronounce him guilty. It is this belief and this fear together that are preying so upon her mind, until now sha is trying to , believe in some other agency, some chimera. Oh, I wonder how it will all end!' j 'It must not end ill for her if human power i can prevent it,' he says, and leaves her with a strange new look c& resolve upon her face. Miss Cassandra arrives at the vilia late, and 'much fatigued'— or so she declares— going at once to her room. She gives no account of her afternoon, but she sends the 'boy facto tum,' as she is fond of calling their ladofall wcrk,:with a note of inquiry to Mrs. Hihon, and goes to her rest, only when she hears that Lorna is at home, fatigued, but unharmed. Next morning early a meeserger comes from Redlands with a note for M.ss Cassandra, which reads thus — . , : 'Dear Miss C— The 'ghost' walks again. If you- can do so, come and stay with us to-- night.— A. E. Hilton.' 'The spinster reads this note and sets her teeth: '? ' 'It has gone far enough!' she declares, with fire in her eyes. 'A fig for folish promises! The sheriff knows how to hold his tongue at need.' And while the morning was yet early she was eff — this time in the pony cariage — to Lea and the sheriff's office. CHAPTER XXVII.-A RECOILING : VENGEANCE. - From the boat-housastretchingnorthward the, path beside the lake shore lies open for a long distance, stretching back until the sand of th-j .shore is merged into a grassy lawn-like slope, overlooked by the. villa and going even be yend it. On the south side of the boat-house at Red lands there is much shrubbery, and the path passing both boat-hcrase and dwell-ng goes along the foot of the lawn with a line of shrubbery, almost continuous, on the upper or land side, and merging into the shade of the wood to the SGtithward. It is along this path that the Redlands ghost is seen to 'walk,' and to-night the prepara tions for watching are on a scale more exten sive, ominous, and threatening, than any of the avowed ghest-hunters guesses. Aunt Cass, who has arrived before sunset, will be at her post, with or without Mrs. Hil ton, as that lady may think best. Later the sheriff— informed by the sp:nster— has promis ed the 'haunt' a rendezvous 'qu.te priva:e ! and single-handed,' and Higgins— having over heard a word dropped between the two ladies —has also resolved to 'have another shy at the ghastly thing.' Higgins is rather sore at his former failure to capture or identify; and to-night he. too, promises to show his ghost ship 'a thing or two.' . Neither Loyd nor Lorna is in the secret, either of last evening's appearance or to night's plans. But Lorna to-night has a se cret of her own. A little note has reached her by the morn ing's mail— a note handed across the breakfast table by Mrs. Hilton, and wnich sha has read with a little thrill and shock, and th.n ignored, letting it pass, ro me otners, as 01 no moment. 'Miss Lorna Hilton,' so runs the note, 'if you would know the truth eoncerniEg both your brother and lover be- at the bjat-house t(?-night at ten o'clock, and stand ng in the door facing the path; stand ourside, not in. You must come alone, and no one must know of your coming. The writer of this will also come alone, and will tell all only on these terms.— I.' Lcma is not a physical cowaTd, and what Will she not do to know the truth — the tru.h which must clear Loyd, and, parlups — how she prays for it!— his friend and— her lover also. She does not hesitate a moment, it is Uflly a short distance to the boat-house, and she would venture even further for such a purpose. _ - The ghost, on each and every appearance, has come from beyond the boat-house, or has vanished in that direction, fleeing past it and up the Lakeside path, and the b~at-hoiue ap pears, to mere than one, a point of vantage. At twenty minutes before ten o'clock a i man's figure steals softly and silently across the park-like piece of woodland wh.eh sepa rates Redlands from the high road, and through which runs the lane, opened for the use of the Redlands inma;es. Ski. ing the , northern boundary of the lawn, he approaches j the boat-house, looks up and down the puh. ? upon which in the open moving objects would : be plainly visible for a short disiance, and , then dropping upon his breast draws himself, with quick, snake-like motions, across ihe path and into the darkened boat-hou£e, where he seems quite at home, seating himself, after a little, in the curve, midway between the window-like openings between the- entrances on the north, or toward the shore, and the west, or upon the path. Here, by leaning either way, he may look, without other change of position, through both openings, and here, for some time, he sits as if waiting were a thing of habit. It is ten minutes later, perhaps, that a wo man comes slowly and with cautious tread from the side piazza of the house, and, gliding in among a thick-set group of tall white lila; s and late syringas, stands there quite.concealed, and dose to the path, waiting, listening, peer ing out from time to time. It is just ten o'clock when Lorna Hilton, wrapped in a long stonn cloak, glides from the servants' entrance and crosses the lawn swiftly and shadow-like. She knows every foot of the way, and she does not hesitate. At the door of the boat-honse she pauses, peers ^within, draws back; with a little shudder, and 'takes her station just outside, as directed, her (face turned westward. There is no moon, .but the sky is gemmed with stars, and the air is balmy and sweet. ' : . (To be continued.) : Christian scientists, although they escaped in England, seem to be having a bad time in Ame rica, where -two entire families nave been ar rested, charged- with culpable neglect of their re latives, who, in spite of 'Christian Science,' succumbed to the complaints from which they were suffering. If the ''scientists' would con fine themselves to .praying over people with brok en necks or amputated heads no one would be much the woise — or better. In America it is said that the evil is greatly on the increase. 