(COwySmorrr.) IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT. BY MAY CROMIMELIN. Aurhor of " Princess or Slave,' " The Dream Child, "Q'teenie," "Orange Liiy." ")Dust before Wind," " Love Knots." " For Sake of the Family," &c.;, Ac. Night was falling fast over burn and brae as the twsi girls nestled close together in the cwrriod. that was rapidly nearing Home wood. Although having only parted in slmmier, when. bioIthI said good-bye to school, they hlad a thousand things to ask and tell. being bosom friends. " Oh, Elsie, is this your home ? , How beautiful! " uttered ,loyna O'Neil, cranirng her head out to admire the scene, as they turned in at a lodge. To the left the Wlhitewater brawled hoarsely in its rocky bed; lwhile on the right tie oak wood rose steeply in a gloridius sweleep, of ru-set foliage. Ahead, I lie old house loomed massire on the river baik, two hlighl windows glowing with lights, four Lu reot frowning. - ale.srjs-s uarttstl a r} ni woindoweo," siid Elaie Stirling. I hlke thie light to greet me coming huorne. And I like to look out at the nilght writliout lbeing hlildered by curtains. Some of tile clountry people are'frightened at lily lai5p1, Ibeauvo of ain old legend about a poor gill, ongof tile family, who dlied in that wing -I'll tell you the story anlotlher time."Then. ill hecr ldownlrighllt. genial voice, more natural to her tllan a touch of sentimenit: " You re going to stay all winter, dear: you m1ust! It's so lonely for me, being an only child. But I do beseech you, never be late for dinner! Because lmy fathller--" " I won 't! Oh, Elsie, you lare a dear! If you knew what it is to be Cinderella to six poor sisters! I promise. To-nighllt I'll jump into my bleack----" " iou'll jump out of your skin if you attemptlllll dressinlg. No tine allowed here if You c me bly late train. I'11 keep you coml piny. No thanks! I must! " loyua ulnderstood Ilher friend's warning better as a little later both tripped quietly down thegreat stairs, still in thleir travelling dresses, having only had time for a cat's toilet, asn Mloyna slaid. One footman stood watclhing the clock, withl a Iland half raised. TiLe lutIler stoold withI onie hand already on tile knoh of thle library door, and his anxious eye fixsed on the footman, for he could not see the clock where he cstood. Inside the library Mr. Stirling was pacing on a regular trick lIp andi dorwntllat long room, one hand holding his watchll, the other under his coat tail. For an instant his gaze left the eighty guinea timlekeeper to note who entered, and lie gruIntLed: " llllumph-just saved your life; llisa (lNeil. One minute inure and you would be late. Elsie, where tile dickens is your Aunt Angelina ? i If shie keeps me waiting Hlis redl fare grew crimson, as he stood still glowering at tile watch; then, iii answer to a tlimid murmur fromi the wife, the steam of Ithis simmelnlrilng wrath was let off in a violent nonrt. " lWhat do you say ?-wait ? Wait for Lady lMacTaggart! Because it is tier first visi. since her ilhusband lied! By George! it will be tile last if shle's not here in one miniute and a quarter!" llThe three ladies watched his face, on 1which the veins were swelling ominously loyna felt brenthlea, hler heart qui thumrped There! wih a glare the hoe was thro nopen. " Dino er is aerved nouned," the butle Then fromn the oak galleryat the top of the stairs piped a shriiyl weak voice: " I'm coaing!-just comingi Only the steps are so slippelry'." AInd a feebly elegant figure appeared, holding with ostentatiou;n frighllt by the balustrade as shite descended. `Mean timle Moyna thought her host lookeid like a human hlippopotamus about to IIhave in apop leetic fit, as, advancing to the door, he wailed. Misguided Lady MlacTaggart! S She im- I pered in Mr. Stirling's face; spread out a 1 fashionably made green gown, and dropped a low curtsey. 'Pray forgive me (in an affected voice). l I wrished to rwear my new watered silk for thie I first time in your honour. And it was quite I a tansk to understand its fastenings.-' Without a word, Mr. Stirling thrust hist elbow at her. The alarmed.lady claspedit with deprecatory finger- tips, and all filed lmute into the dining-temple. Silently each I began the soup. The host was last. Sud- I denly a roar burst from him. Cold! Stone- cold!" There followed a volley of spluttering sounds, unintelligible t from wiiath, like a shower of stones flung up by a volcano before eruption. Notl a word came in answer. Old Stitling shot one em bracing glance at the four bent female faces. Thenll his fury overwhelmed him, and seizing his plate of soup, he poured the con tents into Lady i1aeTaggart's lap. " Take that for your watored silk!" Consternation l! After the first shriek and otart,tlhe unhappy guest burst into tears, and mopped each eye in turn with a six-inch square of lace.- The butler with unmoved face began wiping tihe damaged dress, while the lady snuftfled in woebegone accents that; his efforts were of no use. It was ruined! She could never wear it again. " Oi, Francis, and it was her best, new, lovely dress!'" bleated Mer. Stirling. shocked It the outrage to her sister-iii-law, Her small stork of courage lean all exhausted in that murmur, leaving her quite pale . Mr. Stirling was nou calmed, and sat forc ing a smile of pity for the fonlishqeso of woniankind. He answered jovially, to hide some secret shame! , - * " lovely gwo il Ithat ynou idea of a 707 .I* call it frightful. Eh, Elsie, What do you say?" All eyes tirned on Elaib The girl answered bluntly, in a tone which her parent might flatter himself was a (vastly improved) cripy of his own, in its bri'ht frankness. "Then give her another,fatlher, as good or better Auni; Angelina, I never did think that green quile becoming. It ougilt to have been toned down with lace," -Old Stiriing looked hard at his daugtlier, to detect any signs of insubordination. But \- her blue eyes were inmocent in expression as :hose of a baby. With real relief he saltched at tho ougestion . - S"Allqright!l Sol will~and do you help your nut to choose it. 'There, your lamlyship, yo clain't eayyoil don't get the best of that I~argain; you get a new gosen for yoilr Clyt one. But you've spoilt my dinner, my lade. -. and as aman can only eat a given omimbir of dinners in his life, that can never he r,-. placed." -Lady ilacTaggart rae at leadt that si, would become the possessor of two eool gowns, for Elsie's hint as to hilling tie damage with lace Hounced over the watered silk hiad not bhen thrown awa;sy. So shi sieetly smiled with the forgvinig air ofn experienced martyr; and the Imlconent s-as closed. \- Only during the rest of that evuniimg toyna O'Neil became almost hysterical is her mirth at any trifling jest; so that MIr. Stirling told her with grim approval that " mhe was a msrrj soul and no mistake." But Elaie's eye wadi apprehensive, and she took off her friend to bed early, on the plea that after a long-journey 1Moyna must be over tired. And so the latter was. - "l. could not sleep, Iknow, far .nu hour yet. Don't go away, dear-stay ann chat with inc just for a little whlile." So Elsie stayed, lightening her consciruce by partly undress ing while itoyna did the same; the friends unloosing respectively black and golden tresses. Then they both laughed, and oli tted and huggedrl their knees over the woodl fIre with innocent delight in its warmth, like a pair of kittens. As they talked, suddenly eleven struck-in the gallery outside. It was prefaced by a prolonged wheeze, as if the old grand fatiter clock was nearing the end of his funse lions. aloyina shirered. rattle! This is a very picturesque old room, Elsic; but I wish it was nearer to yours.' And tlie speaker glanced faint-heartedly round the tapestry-hung chamber, one corner of which wideneditinto'a round turret, pierced with loopholes, that gave an uncanny air to the dark recess, although it was prosaically used, nowadays, as a washing-closeat.. " 1 am only at the other end of the gallery. Ttrisis my wingso naturally I wanted you to be in it; There iareonly two rooms between uls: one is my sitting-room, and the other is bigger and more lonely-looking than this. You would not have cared for it." C'lheerful though the reply was, some in flection in the last sentence caught Moyna's quick ear; and sihe faced sharply round.' E Elise! Is this wing haunted ? Ah, you won't answer, but one can see it is, by. your face." " Oh, if it comes to that, there.is.hardly a corner of Htomewood that is not said to be. haunted," returned -its heiress with spirit. " Only this I can assure-,you, I, have. dever once seen a ghost myself. Ei (IleF t ' ively) when I was quite a small ild flithli nursery. Then,' sometimes at nigtbyen my nurse was down at supper,.Insed to wake uip and tee an old woman rocking herself before the tire, weasring a great iwiiiheo cap and. a :little shawl over her shoulders. ITever struck me to be frightened hbut ahe:3l'ways ianishled wihen the nridrse amein, apd do.t' used to ask where tlte old woman had.;gone to. Then my nurse l6oked,. ueer and Feld tue not to ask questions. fo.- , npye see any ghosts now. Blii Jock--that's.ecptsii: of iine, who used td come here fbr bolidaye -ihas the gift. He has rises ohe in the day ight, even. dVery incoImfortale!*i" A "Did your cousin ever see ' glost'n this Iing ? And whatsvi 1t,2" :' "Only a dieure, dear;, isid lid GCuld not' describe it; bceet that itentt nide a idgdsci or somethinge- said: Elsie r t'swe evasion. ",Really, M1oyna, i ngrePdrearmt you would be afraitd, any mote than mysblif or you might liave had ,the room next nmy nother s" Sh -inns- quite s'teaat iem friend's .IllsoumposuehrgI nd.Joa' wtth quick-witted tact at uthise :preeivepi this, ind.put on a brave snidie thhtalecpl eserd self. '.' 1 ·.~~ " is it friglhtenild? to mot 6 otYiSou are Only 1 am desperately interded; Cdr never, never ihae I had the lnckto be in a harinted house before.; And,;Elsid,. might bm dne of those mortals who see.' Itimakes one quite thrill with with fearidtiie joy:'," ". " Really, I should not wodeidif you were,. That is the way lock talks. He would be very sorry not-to see!" murmured Elsie, sur reying loyna's feature s. A sudden-thought causettElsio to add .in presesivel'- "'and if you do see her, 1d ou speak. One sholtld salraw s seieak first-tOA ghostand isk what they want, or if you. ca.help them. It is said that often releaetis them from;heir silence .pd their pqenance" Just tlsk of the poor-souls.waitting perhaps two or three ernturied before yanyons will have the coun courage to aiddressthem! i, Now promise. " wFll. 05 ni,.ed'IwsIlfl l'! Sied Moyna, saliantly. i,. " It is- a- family legend d,' ad EHIt luetautly. "The peasants about hera al know-it. 1Still, w' dop't jop ll ,likpf -t'Ilit there! & know' you wi ap'it{talar'iboutit Well .(after fervent asseverations from the listener), the ghost was i.awful girl a poor cousiti of our family. 1ShtK: was brought up here, and so the eldest sod oif4the house fell in loveiith her 'tsiB pIisdnis were ,very angry; fIr they..iished him to marry an heir es, and they threatenedto turn'athe girl out ia to disiinhcrit him " 1oo. Maysie -that Wap 1r nrame-could nottbea. toinjpre hern lovera properts t lierefor- she eitreated hit to eoaway And forget her; So hew ept to soot wars or'iither; and She dId:(uncle kept her on.'forbshe-w as as doucs -biddable. creature, and useful in holaskeeping. : Buit t broke her heart.L -, , : (Thfen tint leei': aid' Good-bye, he asked Maysie to-La aalirght' burnisog in her windiow, so tiat if hacame liomq tet :night, lie would kiow that ikewos still truetio'tim. Anduo site did, foritwo.years4It v was -iso n of thliese very roomns (I thinlrkfs mide'bht no one exactly-knows which). Afterttihlme. the son - retuined- one night, ila d'saw tTid light. He was overjoyed,?s'li came iito the hall d proud itan forhe-had disbpiguished Hoimself so greatly in -battle. that the King hsd favoired him, - amdihe meant to marryi laysie-let his parents esy what they nighty Then he. greeted his father, and kissed hieihothet. Bluttsn looking round for Mlaysie, his heart salik.' .She Jo6ked like a snow wreath ineltingaway, for-dhe tas dy ing of ilerliue : but she herself sas the only one who ,hid nlot know tiat. Tie man was wild with gri'f, so tdiat his arentsr hekrts- were trouchtii. and ther said the losers Imigl t mlarry at onlce, knowing, that blaysie coultl liot last (bog. " The weddinsg was fised for ivext dag. and ii aysie was as happy titat etenint-.so thicounitry fslt Itllithe tale-ao a bird in springitimce siiti ita mate. Bat when morn ing cratle they could not wakr tli b ride for the weriding. The joy must hlate btren too much for her little ~srength. .She had died it ilain. Anti ever since it is believed that the light iistil seen burnIng ll "somC- per sons at nlighllt And the 'srarcirnJ tiOgure a also supposed to be poor Maysie. thougtl what she is looking for no one knows. " Loosing for ler lost Ihappilnrs." mur uturell :nysnn, pityintgty. " Oh, Elsie, you are not oinbg ? Dlo tell me tettat became of the lover ?. , I mu1t get to beti. It is hearly mi dniglh. As to the lover lie mosirncd stahile and tichln narrlied tle heirets. My oldt IIrslt uItld Is tell thin stort,not sll-n ntlsnays atbtetl-' Juimt like a mall' N ilar, iot -night. Elsie was gale; nuit ls0ynon fsosnt her -elf tulone. rtitir i r inthie llc inhi tioed chnmisiuvr, ti-ittall hot-u bIeit iiuaie itflrs-s-s ofitrtrthe is mtinitt'it ltgely striping anti It stiter I iii; itns ac so altedl its mood that, Iilain tit irii tite turret coroel, she ftlt is it. here the 1l51e spirit form of the lo-u re l 'I r-irsic tlo glitle ftrth. she (Movna) ii d the Pits and courage not only to offer her oeotle st aisth in words, hut even to clasp living arms round that evanescent] fi'ure and imprint a warm kiss on its pure and palid brow. - k What matter that the logs had burnt low tto a heap- of white ashes. beneath which "lurked a mere doll glow ? The blue figures of Bacchus and his train might seem to move r on the old tapestry, as a faintdraughtstirred them, caursed by Elsie'e closing of the door. Let it wave! Many another might . imagine vain terrors, but not this girl! \o. fur S " For, though as sensitive to impressions as anyone, or more so by far than most thick-witted prigs. 1-" And Moyna, I with an overwhelming sense of fatigue as she I stood up, sought the wooden four-poster bed which was throned against the inner wall. SWearily she extinguished the candle, and I curled down into the deep feather couch; gratefully laid her head oin the lavender scented pillows. Then Rhba ended her unspokeno oliloquy. - " 1 have the true courage of the mind-not the body. Like To-like Turenne.". quaking before-what battle was it ? f'Afraid, general!' ' Gentlemen!if an oone r of you was, half afraid as I am, you. w uld 1run-run'. ' Thereupon a deep sleep fell upon Moyna O'Neil. How many hours had passed she knew not when itoyna roused from that heavy and drowsy alumber. Starting, she became aware that a noise must have startled `'er ear-tre click of the opening door. Surely the housemaid was coming to wake her. That was a streak of daylight-No! No! With a sudden chilling of the blood. I Moyna became aware that it was still the dead of night, for the room was plupged in I darkness but for a thin streak of light that seemed to come from far, far away. And What was that? Within the protected beam of the faint light, which seemed to be that of another world, a white spirit-form was gliding towards her. A slight woman's outline, that stole forward, pausing, as if fearful-Mlaysie. the ghost! Bi" drops of sweat broke out on dMoyia's forehead; her heart thumped with heavy strokes againstidler side. Yet-with all praikie be 'it 'said-in. spite of that awful terror which almost always seizes the living when face to face with a being of the in kknown land, the thought darted through the girl's. brain that her promise must be kept. She must question the ghost. With gasping breath, in accents that were forced straight from the throat-for her quirering lips rofnsed their offlice-Moyoa ravely did her duty. WidtE'd'ye want 1" err 'etrs'strained to hear if the spirit would'indeed "ansgerl; she held her. breath, ritlry:nerve quivering. t Itdidtspepkl. Low, but very clear, in a singularsl soothing murmur, came the whis pered words: " st' I'vq cime for my body " DIoyna n heart seemed to stand still. With fiscinated eyes she dimly beheld the figure pioving foirard in the semi darknese, with outstiretehed hiodfeeling the chairs, search in.- earching. STha horror of it was too much to bear 'With.a faint groan, the terrified girl sank back and smhothered her hiead under the bed clothes. An hour later. Mioyna still lay thus, quak ang as if suffering from ague. Oh, it was awful! Was that poor soul in pain still there, in the chamber it occupied long ago, when-alive and rypuag, among other human beings ? Wasit still groping blindly, vainly seekihngite loyt youth, its beauty and maiden. 'hoodatill 'withered in the bud ? -:Ton away rom; giad-lif ý,.oniher~~nr ~ m m rni rng wouldpoor vlaysie's sdul never til rest ? For Illoyna had bravelj striven to id the ghost--i vaiin' Still it had gone on search ing,"is for nigh two centuries it had sougiht; hsiel etsly in disquiet and disapprointment. Atsq, witslh a supreme effort, the courageous girl forced herself to look out again fear fully, with distended eyes. The roorn was no plunriged in titter darkness. All was `quiet:. -, hat .r relief! Yet, once again, anyna Socaered down.into the shelter of the en wrapping bed clothes; almost.as if they were the walls of-a beleagured fortress; And, feeling that it was safest neither totnee nor hear in this awesome room,she again covered her head. In: this aituation, the sound of the old grandfatier clock still slowly knellig the I hoirsaas mit. were, could not penetrate to Moynas' heariug.' B'ut it must have been long, long afterwards, and she Eeemencd to jhave only just fallen asleep; exhiausted withi the terror of mind she had undergone, when. she was mooied:". j Thie"rooim was filled with broad daylight, flsie ras standing at the beside, smiling, wphlsa maid behind her carried a breakfast trays SWake up, sleepy- head! You have nearly slpt the clock round. Why, I have had to 00ill the sheet fairly well off you. Do you Ialways sleep with your head wrapped up like an Egyptian mummy ?" ifoyna put her hand to her sazed, aching brow. 1\. Oh,.l'te. dear, I have had a'dreadful nighlit! Till long past daylight I never closed as eye." " My poor dear! (W'ith ready sympathy. Then in comforting protest.) Well. I can't understand that. For, certainly., youn were sleepy enough when I came into your room again last night. You quite grunted whlen I spoke to you." S I grunted. ." Then in tragic toners: "l'loie I beseech of you, tell me at once when qor came to my room again last night, and Elsie'a bhi blue eyes widened as if she thought her friend seas either ihierraught, or that in sleep me mory had partially left IMlovna cvri clearl she made reply. " It wos ibout three minutes Hfter I had srid good-nirht, or, alt most. siv'. Don't you remember, I opened tire door, and you asked wkhatlIaonte'l? SolIsaid: 'rs ecomoefor tire bods ofmy lrreso.' ' " .' For the body ofi your dressp ?' Ye .riear cihild. Wiry do you look so queer? (1on0t you rememsb-r. as Ill adrtot ciniged from mi msrninr g gowisr, rrin yrorrr ccorent I took ofi tire body in erev ? Afterrrsarrle I rrermmkerredi and crme backa os I antrtd to wearitto- daiy. (Put uiowrn tire irrr'akflt travi leanire.) Ann a nocre hlrnt I rail, groh i br in h rlf-irreners, for. nsr-s'r tlirhinkj ysu wrrld hive got ito berl so quickly. I left my candrrlie outsile in tire gllrry." "iOh, Elsi'! Elsic Anss Monir I ( N ni birrot, into a lit of wid, ii ro-t c'sin"* liugittee. flit for li svin oenri rr hirrrrrir-lr tsrh'ril rise gone into histerics (The End.l 