Ghost of Murdering Reach. The following Richmond River story was writ- ten by 'Killeevy' for the Freeman's Journal: — Few people probably know that the long reach of the river below Wyralluh was the scene in the early days of a diabolical murder, and has since been designated the ' Murdering Reach.' it appears that two surveyors were engaged get- ing timber in the days when it was hewn with the axe, and was called 'flitching.' These men were named Gilogley and Ike Crump, the latter a lame man. The pair had got out their logs of cedar, and were "rafting'' the load down the North Arm or Terrana Creek. They got down to the reach, and then they met an owner named Pearce, accompanied by two men named Woods and Bill Johnson. The usual keg of rum was on board, and all hands had drinks, as was the cus- tom. The boat and the raft separated, and Pearce, who had indulged not wisely bus too well, lay down in the boat to sleep, but in a little while jumped up suddenly and called out that Gilogley was murdering Ike. Ho said he heard Ike call- ing out, ' Come back Jimmy Pearee; I am being murdered !' His mates, however, told him he had been drinking, and the cries were only the result of a disordered imagination, and they went on. The raft, however, reached Woodburn with only Gilogley on it, and he said Ike had left him to go to the Clarence, and he had bought Ike's share of the raft. Gilogley being suspect- ed when Pearce related what he persisted in he had heard, a watch was kept, and Gilogley was found burning Ike's clothes. But to the ghost. The first time his ghostship appeared was to Mrs. Gilogley, who with a little Irishman named Micky Brennan was rowing by the 'Murdering Reach,' and when they reached the spot where the murder was supposed to have been committ- ed, something shot up alongside of the boat and went round at a terrific speed three times and sank. With a moan Mrs. Gilogloy cried out, 'In the name of God what's that ?' Micky was al- most too frightened to speak,'but he said he tried to reassure his companion by saying it was a shark; but he know it was Ike's ghost, and nothing wonld persuade him to go by there again at night. The next time the ghost appear- ed was to a man named M'Quilty. It was just at dusk, when the red of the light had faded and ghostly shadows lurked around the colosaal cedar trees and darted across the water. It ap- peared to him like a pyramid of fire rising up in front of the boat. It then crossed the river to the opposite side. M'Qnilty never went through again after nightfall. The ghost appeared to a man named Henry Bishop and others after this, who all got a terrible fright and one man— Gasper a German— asserted that he could not get his boat past once as if there was a strong flood-tide working against him, and he had to go back. Another man named Paddy Mace was made the victim of a joke by a man named Jack Clinton. Paddy was superstitious, although as brave as a lion in regard to anything else except ghosts. Darkness came on just as they were approaching the 'Murdering Reach.' Paddy swore by all his dead chiefs and every thing else that he'd be hanged if he would go past the dreaded spot after dark, and they camped on the bank a short distance away. Clinton strolled round to get wood for the fire, and picked up the knuckle bone of an ox. With a piece of charcoal he drew a death's head on it, took it to Jimmy, and told him he had picked up Ike Crump's skull. Paddy jumped a couple of feet in the air, rushed for the boat, saying he would go back to Cobon Jimmy's, and Clinton could hardly persuade him to come back and take him on board. Gilogley, I believe, was afterwards executed for the crime. 