.FISHING- 'TOTES. (BY 'OLAUCUS.') Ono conrolatlon remains to the enforcedly Idlo ilsJiennnn Wntehliiij, Che rain pour Jown, and noting the provalenoo of tho wind from t'ho south-east, southland soul'li-wcst. In tho ?thought ? that probably Dur .shores.-.wlll ibo- enriched , by- the ? arrival ot ahcilS'.bjt-.flsh1 liot ;; usually encountered here. Also tho I scouring out:o£ the river weeds and- sllind,;: the home : of prawns and shnlraps,. will. 'iclenr,; the latter, out to tho 'hungry.; maws of tlio sea flsb, and, the ob ituary flail 'which :hiive apparently not been bc; -hungry 'will .bo prepared to take- the ibalts. which 'we, 'have fatuously and trust lugly hung out to them lately without re sult. '., '. ;,'.'.. ? . T.lie .lish called king of herrings seems to change his appearance. A week or so ago an oar flijli (regalecus banks!), rather a rarity of ? such a size, ISft (iin long, was washed ashore at Shark ' Beach, Sydney Harbor. It had been mistaken for a sea serpent, to which, no doubt, it bore con siderable resemblance, but why it should be styled -the king of the horrliigs when 'that itltlo has been hold [or generations by. the' Ohlmaera, io not understandable. True, the Ohlmaera ('ch' sounded like 'k'), has' also been called tho rabbit llsh/'and the ghost -shark, but it was called king of the ?herrings long before . It was called,' even Chilmaora. At night, on account of tho phosphorescent (iualitios'ofits body, it shines in Bhe water like ca 'sheeted ghost,' and It can certainly not bo regarded as a ?beauty; The'tar .flsh'ls now'in't'he Museum being fltted'up. ' ? ' It Is very hard to. understand 'the delay in fixing up the flsh section of the Aus tralian 'Musoum, 'College-street, Sydney. A friend of mine, who has recently gone lu for. collecting .marine creatures, fish, &c;, ?has 'made wonderful progress' towards a ottpltnl lltitlo museum. Two or three iippoimens hro being added every week, nnd these are excellently mounted and preserved. Our lchthyological display a£ the Musoum is by no moana creditable to the colony. I sup pose'.alio meagre vote accorded the Museum by Parliament Is largely responsible1 for 'this state of things. ' % Some of the people down .Manly way are' bucking about the closuro of that end of Sydney Harbor. . Tho complainants are pro fessional netters mostly, aud 'they growl without censing. Isn't it about' tlmo they niado tho best of things, ,and visited other nebtaiole grounds,\ inBtead' of sta'ylng'at you,' doing'.'a Cist In the ' closed ? waiters whenever tho inspector is'away? This part of tho harbor was left open when other places were ^closed. „ , fc * Tho Amateur Fisherman's Association propose 'to consider somo amendments 'of their rules submitted by a couple of mem-i, bers.at their next moetlng.l Without ex pressing an opinion -as to the merits of the proposed amendments, it' might be nvell to ask members to' pause before making changes, and to see if the alteratlonstwllp confer any substantial benciit to the club. Tho Association is 'strong in membership, numbering a'bout 160, and it possesses a cash credit balance of over £2S, besides assets worth another i£50.- A num'bor of tho members are anglers with the rod, and no lioubt there will be either 'an inllux'of truo. anglers into the blub next season, or a strong Anglors' Club will 'be formed. ,An Acclimatisation Society is'stlll 'needed for ithls countiy, and itho'meu.Who 'take it up must bo wealthy andJpatriotlc citizens. The trouble Is 'that most of our 'best sports men are poor — comparatively' speaking — and havo to look at flvo guineas a good whllo before parting \Ut'h them. The second instalment of instructions for the hatching of troirt ova ls as follows. — Tho ova are despatched in small boxe-; or trays packed In a largbr box containing ico and packing. About -lUO'or 500 go in a tray on soft wet moss. Over the, moss ls sproau thin muslin, and tee bggs. are gently dropped on this.' Another i'hect of muslin1 goes on top of them, then more moss, and over the perforated' top cf tho upper one more ico drips its moisture through the Whole 'batch;- shall-J soyv clutch. ,_ .The -box must bo opened carefully, and 'the' eggs re moved as quickly as possible /With a thin vulcanite or silver spoon into a saucer of cold water, and from this distributed 'over' tho gravel in the hatching boxes without coming into contact with the fingers. ,Tho water lrust bo running through tho boxes at che time, but net at such a rate as will curry the eggs or oscillate them violently. The sound egg3'wlll bo of a pink color, like lod currants, i Any that turn un opaque, yellowish or dull white coloi are dead, and should bo removed with a pneumatic tube ot glass, having a rubber bulb at the end, o.' with a wide-mouthed syiinge, without touching tho others. Every morning the oges must be closely scrutinised tor dead ouos, and caie should be taken to prevent lho. waiter bocuming Impregnated with oil, tobacco, or foreign tinctures, which would prove fatal to 'the lot. According to the condition of tho o&ga; on their arrhal, tho Ume for their li.tuhlng out is estimated fiom ono to 'two weeks or even th.-ee Eggs which are very fonvard on t'heir arrival mrely turn out woll. First the eyes begin tn show, tnen -tho little embryo may hi scon moving in t'he egg, and pei'hap3 while one watches tho IRtio shell will burst, and out will wriggle a queer llttlo chap, .all stomach. T'he Hsh has attached- to -it3 under side a portion c-f the egg called the' umbilical sac, aiul it Ilve3 upon the con tents of Mils sac for about 28 to ,!5 days. As it absorb3 the sac, tho abnormal sto mach ceases to be, and the ilsh gradually assumes mole of 'the form usually asso-*1 eiatod.'wlth-the trout, although Its head re* mains largo. Tho fr- like darkness, an! the boxes are bo3t covered With ventilated boards. They spend a lot ot time resting lnall kinds of extraordinary attltudes-Many of thorn are born with two 'he-ids, two tails, or Eomo other peculiarity. As tho llttlo fol lows grow, t'ho perfectly formed fnll upou the niaimed,.;tho. halt, and tha. l-llnd,.,and demolish them. Wdion they begin to get active thoy forage foi food, and at tho end o.' ?t'ho, time when. tho umbilical sac. is ab sorbed, they must be Ii-ui3f erred either Into li'btlo arttllolally-prepaitfJ rills? or strilght into the stream tin whicn thoy are to be liberated. To pick the flsh up a' net of muslin on a who fiamo must bo slipped under them. They nio place 1 In buckets or Mns, which, if the distance they have to be conveyed Is great, mubl bo kept supplied with fresSi water and aei-ated frequently. Tho greait, trouble In this country has been the distance tho fish have hud to be car Uod. , Notwithstanding statements to tho contrary by tho Inspectors who have had chargOj of the cans of fry, it ii freely as sortodJMiat moro than half ot tho ilsh die In 'transit, or are io weak when liberated that thoy die soon after bolng freed, and considering tho long journeys, train, buggy, or coach shaking thoy hnvo, to undergo. It is surprising thrJt any have succeoJed. This ma'ttor will bo concluded next week. Flsh nro sca'reo, and over 'tho average price at 'the maikets, so that men who havo foil Inclined to act on my ndvico of two woolfi b_ok 'to purchase flsh which aro ,chomp,' and sell them in tho suburbs, hid botitor stay tholr hands Auntll tho North Cnast bo.U3 got in, when thero will bo a glut, nnd good fisli will go cheap. M the 'Amateur'Flshormen's Association recently Mr. W. , Stewart, ot tho' Govern ment lrlntlng Olflco, rocehed tho trophy won 1)y 'him on tho Maroubra Bay Beuoh llshlng competition. Vl was -a handsonio gold- mounted pipe, tho glfe ot Mr. G. E. ;RussellrJones. - , risliinir Tackle. Special acrid of . nirtlott's celebrated hooka just landed. Lowest prices it Slick Simmons. Hnj market uml Uianohea.' Klalilnii Tackle o; Kiory Inscription. Treih alilpnlinitn nnlWnp for tho Beiion Co to S. Ccrnlorth'8; 072 .Ceorge-'sl.. mid 7- The Strand.* 