A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOUR- HOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants fom another sphere, jet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of Lamington, Victoria- road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost-when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' ill- ness. She says - " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a con tinued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'qunine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, "but without effect; then I consulted a well- known Collins-street prac- titioner. He said my daughter was suffer- ing principally from weakness and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned look ing worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost. " "This time last year," said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st 3lb , now I am 9st 7lb. " " A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial ? " "No, all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel street. Prahran; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I ant now as healthy us anyone could wish. " " And you would recommend them ?" " Yes ; and that strongly too," said Mr. Marner, "had I known of Dr Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds ." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr Wil- liams' Pink Pills will cure anæmia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney discuses, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow com- plexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxis, neuralgia, St Vitas' dance, and nervous headache. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr Williams' Medicine Company, care of Rocke, Tompsitt, and Co, Flinders-street, Melbourne, at 2s 9d a box, or six for 15s 3d., but are genuine only with the full name (seven words), Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their CMtive powers.-[Advt.] .»i-«-?«--/«*-«. 