[?] ;:v: ^Slibrt^SlDrj.-v^ ; The ; Stbry. ' . - '? ? ^ . ? V , , 'Good-night, bairns! SI 'Ivor, see that tbey a'- gang to. bed .at a reasomible hour, aud dinna 6it tip hite yessci'. The 'morn's the'Fast Dayi liiiud, and ye've to preach.' . . ...... With these words , tlie Rev. Dujrahl ; M'KJ.Hnon took his kindle, and beamed rouni'. on tbe company. ''Good - night, sir! Good - Bigbt, fathpr !' tbey responded, with much fleferi'Sjce. *' No, we won't, stay up. la te.' The door closed, nnd the old pentlc nian's footsteps were heard ascending the sts!rs. ' Xo«r. Mr. M'lvor.' said one of tbe jrirls. -??;! gerly. ' remember your pro mise.' ' Oer^aiiily. Miss Janet.' answered the sionth'Ti'an. ri^inp witli much gravity. ' I iute ld to sit a few minutes later my self. but f promised to see the rest of yon (iff. I am jrlad.' he continued, pro ceeding to liclit the candles, 'that Miss Janet should be the one to call ine to a wmse of ? ' Fiddlesticks.' said Janet, a tall, bright- faced girl in a dress of soft crimson, which suited her admirably. She was sitting on a low stool before the fire, trying to shield her flushed cheeks from tiie blaze with a huge crimson Japanese fan. ' Don't be a humbug. -.Ir. M'lvor : yon know what I m«v5ii— that ghost story you promised to toll us.' ' Po tell it. Mr. M'lvor !'» v. . in rarner near anour pirates, saia Bobby M'Kinnon. a schoolboy of 12. 'Gliosis are snob awful rot.' ' Then you can go to bed,' retorted Janet. ' T'll do nothing of the kind,' said Bobby, much Insulted. ' Go to bed yourself.' '? You may remain if you behave your self.' said Janet, surveying him calmly. ' Mr. M'lvor, T shan't leave the room until you have told that story.' ' Ts it the will of the company that their young blood be frozen and curdled in darkness ? It is a real ghost, remem ber.' ' How delicious,' murmured one of tbe girls. ' Very well. Don't blame me if you can't sleep to-night.' He extinguished the lamp ae he spoke, and resumed his seat. Tbe firelight played on his dark face, and he looked with his spare form. thin, keen features, and great hollow eyes like a Romish priest worn out with fasting and peuance. There was a pause, during which the company sat silent and expectant, and the young minister gazed at the fire as if fascinated by something he saw there. At last he drew a long breath. ' You know what second sight is.' he ; began, turning his melancholy eyes on Joey Keith, the girl who thought real ghosts delicious. She shuddered slightly. ' T possess (hat doubtful gift.' lie went on in a quiet, serious voice. ' Appari tions. ghostly coffins. shadows of funerals— all these things I have seen, often, in my own parish. Many iimes I bave heard the tapping of hammers and sa wins of wood in the carpenter's shop after life day's work was done, telling that death was coming. Three nights before a death the sounds are heard—It never fails.' The speaker paused, and his audience shivered and sat a little closer. ' It is just a year since I went to preach for Alexander of Barnetrae. There is nothius at all suargestive of the supernatural about either him nr his wife, but the manse was big and eerie, full of draughty corridors and jvide staircases. It had been an old mansion, and there was a story connected with It. Alexander said, but he would not tell it that nighr. We sat talking over old collesre days, he and I, until lousr past mulnight. Then we lit opr caudles, and Alexander led the 'way to my room. I should -hare had difficulty in finding the way myself, for it was up a wide staircase and along a corridor with a number of doors on either side. I trod softly, fearing to disturb the household, 'but Alexander assured me the caution was unnecessary. I was alone in that part of the house. I am not a nervous man. but I should have preferred one or two neighbours. My room was at the Tery end of the corridor— a cheerful apartment, by day. when the sun shone in. but at that hour, with the moonlight casting strange shadows on everything, it was eerie. . ' I said good-night to my host, and retired to my rest when I had convinced myself that a certain suspicious-looking shadow on the lawn was caused by a tree. I was not at all sleepy : .so after a time I sat np. lit the candle that stood on a small, table by the bedside, and began to look over my sermon. Then I selected the Psalms to 'be sung, and had just fixed on three, when, I felt a sudden rush of cold air. and looted up. As surely as I am fitting here— as surely as you are listening ? ' Tan M'lvor raised his hand impres ?lvely and looked round with an un eartbly light in tils eyes. ' The dbor opened slowly, and a 'woman glided In.' Joey Keith shrieked and hid her' face uu ^aners suouiaer. l tnougnt I had 'locked the door ; but evidently- -I was mistaken, imdl concluded 'that this was one of , the maids. ! walking in lier sleep. I lay back on my pillows and watched the/i ntru der, , lia rdl.v daring to- breathe Jea&efye; sho'n}-j^tura;and see mfe'^orrthe Jhopght .ibf ; suddenly \yaking; and finding, herself .in .jny room was em ?barrassins. , Then, .in a moment the truth 'flashed upon me, 'for, Jn the, clear moonlight I saw her plainly. ' I had drawn up-tbe. - blinfi-;^aim while my bed ? was } n ? shadow.- by ithe ? window; it' was 1 ;almost a? :light «as day. , )S®hisr was. no ^^yant.' H^r long. be;iu t jf ni,Jiair was i golden^, wares wfefow .her vrqlst &ef;* dress' w^s'lbose and^fiO^ftg^dr sipe1 shitoifnefttig '^hite ;myHllc, ^f^erfuh3 *di|ncfe!-she? turned wS-S/gtS1 PP wereparalysfed.'^She'Tffiotoedpit^otthly and ,wrongitiier- jhajids^ -to'? Jiay : |M»raw* Itbrew 'mxt owtiide^* Iheiiobse-^ieevtig ^eijtve^ieiteshapeito^rt, ?«heivrau!d was 'h^^back— Se' hoiTor of it-Jte ia hanf I saw: . It dUtinj^y. ^ iaJ Wiadbwy fcothinfc I 'ffiink I sisettiseid- Uieli Bowtohhig t»fi what 1 Bel fvh^i -he,«aw; jbhe fingers that wrote— nfene, tAd,,, jip-1 haratn ' TOien tlie moon went under a cloud' W* yotee 650k to « wbUfter I ' that' my candle was burning .with ;a_l»lue': -Jlmric. My. lirtir stood mi end. I .wt^uld have^iven-all.*! possessed , , to. find . in , the study downstairs, but 'i eoVld neither inoye hand nor foot, arid' if T could. who knows what I might have seen in that, long corridor. Thosft empty rooms— I dared not pass them t I Iay: back helplessly watching that trasedviof bygone days. 'There was another awful cry, and again there came, the - pitiful wailing from outside, fainter than before, and dying a war~1n the 'distance. To this day. when I read of Iiachel mourning for her children, jjiat cry rings in my ears. There seemed to be a struggle, the window was forcibly closed, the woman '.sank on the floor with hanlls -'!-a^;uid and the beautiful face upturned in agony. Then (he moon shone out. and slowly the vision faded.' There was a long silence when Ian ] had finished speaking. Then Janet sjmko. | ' Who- was she ? What was her storv. | Mr. M'lver. V' j ' Alexander told me the story nest ; day. Margaret Elliot of Barnstrae. a beautiful and high- spirited girl, fell in : love with n#d secretly married her . brother's tutor. When the marriage . was discovered he was in Edinburgh preparing a home for his wife, and on his return there was a terrible scene. . for Mrs. Elliot was another Lady Ash- | ton. She told him that his wife had | been sent to a French convent, and the ; poor fellow, mad with grief, went j abroad in search of her. It was a false- ! hood, of course. Margaret never left : her mother's house alive. Her little j child was taken away one night. ? and Margaret in despair tried to j throw herself from the window of rhac « very room I slept in. She died soon j after of n tirnton Ti- „ii i pened Jong ago — last century. I believe.' 'Poor girl' said Joey, softly. ' I liked that bit about the candle burning blue,' said Janet pensively ; 'it made me creep.' ' I should like to see a ghost,' said Bobby. 'Hush!' said Ivor, holding up a ?warning hand. 'What is that?' Pit-pat, pit-pat, came the sonnd of soft footsteps on the stair. The girls I Hooked at each other fearfully, and i BoT-l-y turned very pale. Ian grasped the poker with one hand and threw j his other arm protectlngly round Janet. - Pit-pat, pit-pat. It was coming nearer. I Bang ! Joey screamed, and fell fainting in lans arms. He rose, gently deposited her on the couch, and opened the door. Something flew past, with a wild i-ry. Bobby howled, thinking his hour was come. Who Is that?' /Ian demanded, sternly. M Ivor, is that yon ?' said a quaver ing voice from the darkness. 'Angels and miuisters of grace de- I fend us I A light. Ian, quick !' ex claimed Ivor, bending over a. heap at the foot of the stairs. Ian dropped the poker and struck a light, aud Janet followed him into the passage. Oh ! she ejaculated in dismay. It was the Rev. Dougald M-Kinnon. in nichfean and drp«inr-.™n-ii extinguished taper in one hand, a stick . in tiie other, and a large japanned tea- ; n\'iy on tho top of him. They helped the old gentleman to his . fee.r. and took him into the room to rccovor. ' I'm all right, bairns.' he said, when hi^ had 'been revived with a mouthful of whisky. ' AA hptever brought you downstairs, father i asked Janet', hovering over him affectionately with the bottle. ' I heard voices, my dear, and thought it was burglars. Then, when I got 'to the foot of the stair I tripped on the eat and knocked over the tray.' ' The eat : That accounts for the i awfnl yell.' said Ian. ' I didn't know whether it was Bobby or -the ghost.' ' Where is Bobby ?' said Janet, look ing round. ; 'Joey. dear, wake np ! The ghost ? is having some whisky, and yon had 1 better have some too.' j ' Ghost repeated M'Kinnon. I \ wonder jft* ha vena mair sense. Janet, j Eh ! wTiat's that ? There's a man behind the curtain. MTvor.' exclaimed ! the old gentleman, pointing with great j excitement to the crimson damask, i which appeared to 'be much agitated. ! 'There is some one there.' replied : Tan. deliberately rising and going to the window. There wis a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask the ruffian. It was the valiant Bobby, crouched in a corner, with his fingers in his ears. ' Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sic like cantrips ?' demanded his father, in dignantly. BolVby exclaimed with a scarlet coun tenance that he thought it was one of Mr. MTvor's coffins, and that he felt ; a natural reluctance to occupy it pre maturely. - * j \- ' Gotflns ! The laddie's dreaming.' ? said the old (gentleman, scandalised. - ' What way are ye no in bed. Bobby ?' : 'I congratulate yon on the success 1 'of your story; Mr. MTvor.' said Janet.-* -*' YOu hove frfghtened evervfcodv Into ? fits.' - ' ' ^vOnder .-cat-. ye. - atTvor, --and the } anoiji Che .Fust Day.'' said, the.old minis- 1 ter. in^a torie of mild reproach. ' , it. iSir?: «a3d Ian. j apologetically, ^el! le-«t«c3iure!K^ f -? nrve luucKre -neeor- whs the ^ary . -3 Bobby— tlie ;- Jf^Ir pw.'v* « t TSEf^g -33S£^ ; vrillaf wet -hnrr «-~:s^d«n . . W«nj»TOreaa-3jai«Mp to yan^ied^Bx; Stwwg, in &e; ' People's FrtendF^ 