NOTES FROHL THE COAST. (By a Guerilla Operator.) I am afraid the new assessment busi ness will prove unprofitable, as it is already extremely unpalatable to the majority of the landholders in this dis trict. The ordinary farmer would at any time rather pay a little more as land tax than have his brains bewildered by considering how to fill up a very com plicated form of return. What is to be got by the unimproved value? There is no possibility of finding out what cleared land would fetch in its natural; state, because there is no good laid ini that condition near the Coast, by which' the principle could be tested. A cer-i tain amount has to be raised from, thel land, and it matters little as to the pro-1 cess provided an equitable. valuation is5 arrived at on the capital basis. ' I believe Sir Ed,wird and his' con-' freres were actuated by really lihonour able motives in initiating the present measure, as they wished to keep faith with those that assisted thenm into power. It will be remembered that the unimproved value was one of the main items in their programme. In the erection, of bridges in connec tion" with the.Ulverstone extension' rail way it is to be regretted that piles are to be used instead of concrete piers. The department surely should be aware of the perishable nature of the pile fabric from the experience of bridging the salt- water rivers on the Coast. Twvo bridges have already been erected at the .Leven--the present one not more thanf 12 years since, and yet it. is said' to be thoroughly riddled at the bottom by the marine borer. Being well braced, it may be able to carry ordinary. traffic, for a few years longer, but a bridge for a railway could not be allowed to be used in, anything like the state of the present structure, now. I am. quite ready to believe the Government were willing to make 'the estimate as low as possible on purpose to ensure the adoption; of the work by Parliament; still, a great mistake has been made, for what are an extra few thousands in such an important work as this is likely to become? The Manager of Railways is already hampered by the adoption of the "cheap and nasty" prin ciple in connection with the Don: Hill, where considerable expense 'is often en tailed for extra 'haulage. When. once it is decided, after careful investiga tion, to build a railway with, every prospect of its being remunerative, then it is sound policy 'to use the best mate rials and employ the lowest grades. I don't write out of opposition to the present Government. I think it is about the best that Tasmanian? ingredients can supply with a chance of support. I believe the Premier deserves well of the public for the general way in, which he has managed affairs. Certainly if it had not been for the Premier's firm ness in resisting raids upon the Trea sury when in Parliament, there would not have been a ghost of the surplus left, let alone any of the substance. The completing of the training wall under the plan of Mr. Napier Bell is now exercising the minds of the in habitants at the Leven. The wall ter minates now a few chains insi d' the bar, and consequently does not produce the scouring effect it would if carried out further seaward. As far as it goes it has, however, already improved the harbour by preventing the sand held in suspension during easterly gales from ccming into the river, arid instead is piled up outside the breakwater in the shape of an inclined plane, which ma terially strengthens the structure. As the harbour is protected on the western side by a reef that extends two miles out to sea, there is good reason to be lieve the Leven would make a fair port for large vessels were the training wall extended as recommended by Mr. Bell. The plan under consideration is to do the work by local responsibility, to get the Government to advance the money by the district guaranteeing the inte rest. After all, this is the safest prini ciple to go on, for we may be sure then no works would be entered upon but those of a remunerative character, and would effectually put a stop to "log rolling." The first 'thing that should be.done is to call a public meeting 'and lay the matter fairly before the rate payers. If you will allow me the space I should like to say a few words about ,Simson's new hotel, built by Messrs. Gunn, of Launceston, on the site of the old hotel lately burnt 'down, and the first building ever erected 'in Ulver sto.n'e by the proprietor, the late Mr. G. M'Donald. The new building is a credit to all concerned, not only to the builders, but' also to Mr. and Mrs. Sim son, the projectors, who have shown a cnsiderable amount of enterprise in enitering upon the outlay as well as faith in the future of the 'town- The builddng is of two stdreys; built of brick, showing an elegant architectural face, with a balcony on the second floor, from which a splenidid view can be .obtained of ,half the horizon. All the rooms aik beautifully finished, well furnished, and provided with ventila tion. Instead of going up steps, as in the old hotel, the earth has been exca vated so as to make the approach a gentle slope from the street. The hotel in appearance would not disgrace Bris bane-street, or Collins-street, of.Mel bourne. I consider the adjacent pro perty all round is enhanced in value by its erection. Without in any way makinig invidious comparisons, I should say a place of accommodation like this would prove extra attractive to visitors -not only for its internal arrange ments, but\ also for its secuuity against fire. 