IN FULL CRY. By Richard Marsh. CHAPTER XVII. At Dead of Night. The church clock struck two. The reverberation of the second stroke died away as she opened her bedroom door but an inch or two. She listened. All was still. She opened it a little wider, listening yet. There was not a sound. The lights in the sitting room were out, but the fire still burned brightly in the grate. The flickering flames illuminated the apartment by fits and starts, now dying away and leaving all in shadow, now flashing into fitful glamour, so as to throw particular objects into prominent relief. She drew her shawl closer about her. She had not realised that she was cold until she saw the fire. She hesitated ; should she get some of its warmth into her veins before she went? lt would be one more memory to carry away with her, her last warm at his fire. She went to it, leaning over and extending her hands. By the light of its flames one could see that she was no longer clad in the costume which she had worn throughout the day, with such pride in its glory; she was once more in her rags, After a while, standing up, she turned her face towards the door of Blaise Polburston's room. Sho passed the fingers of her right hand to and fro between her lips, as if in a paroxysm of nervous irresolution. " I wouldn't wake him! I wouldn't wake him !" She repeated this to herself, over and over again, as if striving at self- conviction. She moved quickly to the door. "Gentleman ! Gentleman!" she whispered. There was passion in her voice, as well as pathos, and a wild despair. "Goodbye ! I'd never have been the kind of wife you ought to have, never ! It's best like this— best for both of us. Gawd bless you ! Are yon dreaming of me ?" There was a break in her speech; a sob in her throat. Bending forward, she pressed her lips against the panel. And that same instant the door was opened from within. The handle was turned with a sudden click, tho door drawn right back upon its hinges, and Blaise Polhurston came hastily striding into the room. The thing was done so suddenly that the girl still had her lips pressed against the panels when, as it seemed, they were snatched away from her; she had no time to withdraw before Blaise Polhurston was pushing past. " Gentleman I" she cried. Cowering, she shrank back against the wall. She expected him to turn upon her with reproaches; at least to demand an explanation of her presence there. But he did neither. It was a minute or more before she realised that she was unperceived, that he ignored her utterly. When the consciousness that this was so began to dawn upon her she was filled with sensations of mingled wonder and awe. He was only partly dressed, having thrown a dressing-gown over his trousers and night shirt. The dressing-gown, being unfastened, flapped open as he moved, seeming to throw his tall, thin figure into ominous relief. His hair was dishevelled. He carried no light, but, as he entered, a coal fell down in the fire; the flames shot up, as if in greeting. He moved to the centre, and paused, the girl momentarily expecting him to turn and discover her, wondering how he could have passed her undetected. Presently he began to speak—she, perceiving with increasing surprise that it was to himself he spoke, apparently oblivious of the possibility of his being overheard. There was on odd quality in his voice—frenzy, agony, as if tbe words were being wrung from him in clots of blood. The first word be uttered was her name. "Pollie ! Pollie ! Pollie !" three times over, in a crescendo scale. The girl, crouching in the corner, began to tremble. What was coming ? What was about to happen? It was strange to hear him call to her, as it seemed, from tbe depth of his heart, he remaining all the time unconscious of her close propinquity. "She's ill ! How ill ! fallen down in the street, and carried home. Home ! What a home! Hunger, weakness, exhaustion— that's what it is. Cold, exposure, scanty clothing, no food—that's who's laid her here. A doctor'd say, give her plenty of nourishing food; good wine—that's the medicine he'd prercribe for a case like this. Ye gods !" He laughed—a laugh which set his hearer shivering. A flood of memory swept over her. She remembered how, during a spell of bitter weather, luck had gone dead against them; how, practically, for days together they had had to go without food—how, at last, she had fallen, in the street, and been borne, senseless, to the garret which they called home—how he had returned and found her still unconscious. Was this time being brought back to his nightmare haunted brain, so that, asleep, he was enacting his dream before her eyes. So soon as she suspected that this might be the case, her limbs seemed to become paralysed; as if spellbound she continued to watch him. She saw him, by the flickering firelight, drop upon one knee and bend forward, as if stooping over some object which he perceived to be in front of him. Extending his left arm, he moved his hand, gently, to and fro, imitating the gesture with which one smoothes a person's brow. "Pollie ! Pollie !" With what tenderness he pronounced the name ! How her heart melted within her as she heard ! "How cold you are ! How cold—and how still ! Pollie !" Again the clinging tenderness. The tears started to the listener's eyes. "Wake up - open your eyes—look at me, child ! It's Gentleman ! Don't lie so still—it's the first time I've asked you to look at me in vain!" For a few seconds longer he continued the gentle movement of his hand. Then his arm dropped to his side, as with a gesture of despair. " What shall I do ? What shall I do ? Starving ! In this great storehouse of food !" He stood up, remaining motionless, with head a little bowed, as if looking down at the silent figure which was at his side. Where shall I find the wherewithal with which to buy her food? I've begged— begged!" He laughed—again that uncomfortable laugh which had set her shivering. " I've not found the profits which they say the trade brings in. Perhaps that's because I am unpractised. There's no time to gain proficiency. I must get food for her to-night, and—for me. But how? How ? With nothing how shall I get something ? How ? How ?" She saw him shudder. He threw up his arms, as if, in so doing, he strove to throw off from his mind some thought of horror. "What devils hunger makes of us ! "What devils! Or else it lays us there !" He pointed to where he perceived the silent figure on the mattress at his feet. Turning, he began to move hurriedly, jerkily, to and fro, as if he was endeavouring, under pressure, to resolve a problem in his bewildered brain. Words came from him in disconnected phrases. "There is not time. I could not do it if there were. An hour or two, it may be too late. Money—money—at once, or not at all. They must bury, though, it seems, they are not forced to keep alive; that's how it stands." He paused, in his nervous movements, as if to consider. A name came from his lips, as If unconsciously. " Shapcott? Shapcott?" Then, as if waking, all at once, to comprehension of the thing which he had said, he extended his arms in a burst of sudden passion. "Curse him ! Curse him ! May he be trebly damned !" Again he dropped beside the imaginary pallet, this time on both his knees. " Pollie ! Pollie ! " There were tears in his voice, which increased the streams which were pouring down the listener's cheeks. Don't lie there so still—don't, don't ! Open your eyes—look up at me—speak to me, Pollie, speak." "But, apparently, his appeal remained unheeded. On his face, as revealed by the firelight, was an agony of supplication. "Pollie ! Pollie ! Pollie !" he murmured, over and over again. Then he sprang back to his feet, with a sudden access of determination. "She shall not die, that is certain not ; if any action of mine can keep her alive. There are ways and means of getting money— always ways and means. I have heard it said a hundred thousand times—I know it of my own knowledge. Why should I stop to consider what things are lawful when there's death to fight. Against that foe all things are lawful, God knows! Death comes quick; he does not wait, cap in hand, for you to stand considering. You must beat him with any weapon—yes, at once !—now !—or you'll be beaten; and that defeat there's no retrieving. God knows! I'll go at once to Shapcott, and I'll beg of him for her life." He hesitated, as if he had stil lnot succeeded in bringing himself quite to the sticking-point. Then, once more, knelt down. " Pollie. It's for you. God help us both !" He bent his head right over, as if stooping to kiss the face of the silent figure which was lying on the pallet. And, Indeed, the listener seemed to feel his lips touch hers. When again he rose to his feet, his words and manner suggested that the scene in his vision had changed, as, in our dreams, scenes do change, with kaleidoscopic suddenness. His attitude assumed a rigidity of horror which it was unpleasant even to contemplate. He stood so that the fire shone on his features; nothing in the expression of his face, or in his bearing, was hidden from the girl staring, all trembling, from her oorner. He looked like a man might look who sees a ghost; as if he were compelled to glare, willy-nilly, at some object of horror, the mere right of which froze the blood in his veins. As Pollie watched, something of the horror which held him as in a vice passed from him to her, so that she became an involuntary sharer in his nightmare agony. He was staring downward at the floor, with parted lips, wide-open eyes, as If there were something there to which his glance was riveted. He continued to stare so long, so fixedly, without moving, or, apparently, drawing breath, that his strained pose began almost to suggest paralysis—some dreadful form of tetanus which held him rigid. It was a relief when, at last, a tremor passing over him, with a long, deep-drawn sigh, he seemed to return to life. For some seconds he swayed to and fro, as if he were about to fall. Then, all at once, drawing himself quite straight, he looked round the room, with unconscious, glassy eyes. Then back went his glance to the floor. Something of his former dreadful look returned. He muttered to himself a name, hoarsely: "Shapcott ? Shapcott ?" As if startled by the sound of his own voice, again be looked about him, with the same unseeing eyes. Once more they returned to the something which he seemed to see lying at his feet. He slightly inclined his head. "Is it you? What—what are you doing there?" He paused, as if for a reply. " Shapcott !" Another pause. "What— what are you doing there? Why don't you speak to me? Shapcott !" For the third time his oblivious gaze passed round the room. "I thought I heard a noise. Yet it all seems still. How still ! I wonder what's made the world so still. Shapcott ! Why the deuce won't he speak to me ? Why the devil ? I suppose it is Shapcott. I can't see him with his face turned down. Shapcott !" He reached out his foot as if touching something with his toe. Then he put his hand up to his throat, as if labouring for breath. His voice had become curiously hoarse. "This won't do. I mustn't stand here doing nothing, ilke a fool. I must do something. I must find out what's the matter with Shapcott." He lowered himself on to one knee, gingerly extended his right hand, and started back with a cry. "He moved. I thought he moved." He was trembling as with palsy. The sweat stood in beads upon his brow. "I was mistaken. It was a delusion—one of those delusions which come to people whose nerves are over-strung. Where was I reading about tricks which can be played with the eyes ? Besides, why shouldn't he move ? I'm a fool. Shapcott ! " Again he advanced his hand, and again withdrew. " "I seem to be afraid to touch him. Why should I be afraid ? It's absurd. It's only Shapcott. I'm all run down, that's what's the mischief. I wonder what's in that bottle ?" He got up and, taking two or three steps, went through the action of taking up a bottle, and putting it to his nose. "It smells like whisky. Shapcott, may I have some of your whisky? There must be something wrong, or he would certainly say no. I shall interpret your silence as implying consent. Here's to your health, Shapcott, and your happiness, wherever you are." He made as If he raised a bottle to his lips, and drank from it—a big drink. "Why, he's on the floor !" He laughed; seldom did laughter seem to be a thing so little to be desired. He returned to where he had previously stood. "Come, let's make an end of this. To see if anything ails Shapcott really—if so, what? Perhaps he's drunk." Once more that undesirable laughter. Again he knelt, this time on both knees. "Now, Shapcott, rouse yourself; don't lie there like a log. If it's a trick you're playing it's in worse taste even than some of the other tricks you've played on me. What's the matter with you, man?" Again his hand went out, not on this occasion to be immediately withdrawn. He seemed to be touching something with unwilling fingers. "Shapcott ! His arm is limp, there seems to be no pulse. How still he is ! God in Heaven ! He's dead !" The word burst from his lips with a cry in which anguish, horror, and surprise were mingled. The discovery—it seemed to be a discovery which he had made—appeared to overwhelm him. The stupefaction which was mirrored on his countenance was the apparent outcome of a dozen different emotions. At that moment he looked like a man who was unable to believe the evidence of his own senses, and feared to. " Dead !" He covered his face with his hands, trembling; removing them, he looked about him as if frightened by the shock of some unlooked-for, some incredible event. He clambered to bis feet, awkwardly, as if not wholly master of his limbs. His fearful glances wandered hither and thither. "How can it have happened?" His own question went unanswered. Recollection seemed to come to him. "Perhaps Pollie's dead of hunger. God help us all !" Again he put his hands up to his face shivering. Presently he seemed to make an effort to better play the man. "Well, since what's done is done, there's no undoing it; that, I take it, is an axiom. How it came to be done is hardly matter for my present consideration. Am I judge and jury? Or is it my office to sit upon the corpse, ! or to place a prisoner at the bar ? Go to ! these things belong to others. I came for money, and what behoves me is to go with it. Perhaps there's money in his pockets—or in a drawer. But no doubt the drawer is locked; and for his pockets, I'll none of them, they're much too close. Even yet I'm not brought far enough to pilfer from a corpse -of whoever's making. If I can't have money I'll have its worth. There ! there's gold in them, and, maybe, life for Pollie." Taking a step or two to one side, he made as if he picked up something—some small object with either hand; then, with a sudden start | he looked round. His voice was raised; eager words broke from his lips. "Who's that? It's someone outside the window; I heard him move ! I saw him go ! Perhaps he did it—that's how it happened. Stop there, stop ! Who are you running away with the stain of blood-guiltiness upon your soul? Stop ! stop ! stop !" He rushed to where the curtains shrouded a window, and began tearing at the hangings with impetuous haste, as if he strove, With might and main, to get at something which was beyond. Pollie, standing up in the corner, ran to him, and put her arms about him. "Gentleman ! Gentleman ! Don't ! don't ! It's me—it's Pollie !" She was crying as if her heart would break. At the sound of her voice, at the touch of her arms, he relaxed his violent assault upon the curtains. He was still. Then he began to shlver, till Pollie thought that he would never stop. She held him closely to her, as if she hoped to soothe and calm him by the strenuosity of her embrace. "S'sh ! s'sh ! It's me! It's Pollie ! Don't you know me, gentleman?'' By degrees his shivering grew less. Presently he turned and looked at her, with consciousness. "Pollie ? Thank God, it's you. I think— that I've been dreaming; but I'm glad—I've woke—to find you here. You mustn't leave me—ever." "No, gentleman, I won't - never - as long as I live !" The flame in the fireplace died down, the room was all in darkness. "Pollie ! Pollie ! Pollie !" He could be heard repeating the name, a little faintly, in the sudden blackness, as if the sound of it brought solace to his soul. She held him in her arms, supporting him as if he had been some weakling child, raining kisses on his face, while her scalding tears dropped on his haggard cheeks, embracing him, striving to comfort him, crying out her heart, all in a breath. 