THE ANGrlilCAN CHÜECH IN AUSTRALIA. INTERESTING DISCOURSE BT THE BISHOP. The Bishop's sermon on Sunday evening, preached in Christ Church Cathedral, was from the text Isaiah 54, verse 2, " Lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes." After pointing out that the 'figure was derived from tent life, and expressed God's blessing upon the expanding life of the people of Israel, the Bishop said :-But the Lord's people are not only the ancient house of Israeli To us of the Christian Church all the roseate anticipations of this prophet of the 6th century, before Christ are legiti- mately applied to ' God's people "in the .Church of Christ in tho 10th century after Him. "They ought specially to come,home to us of the Church of England. There did seem to be a time once when the old English Church was barren and rigid. A hundred years ago (but little more), not only had she made no serious effort to keep pace with an expanding empire, but her own work at home was cold, inefficient, and out of touch with the newer aspirations which were kindling in a newer world. "Why, if you read ' such a work as Mr. Russell's ?'Collections and Recollections," , how instructive is it to find Lord Melbourne bitterly and indignantly remarking,',' after hearing a sermon, that "things had come to a pretty pass if religion were allowed to, invade the sphere of private life I" All through this century theproblem which has been before us and which confronts the Church in Australia, not least that portion of it which is contained in our diocese-is how to do our part'iii' responding, as we ought, to God's blessing upon us. The English Church these days is neither indolent, nor cold, nor faithless. She has spread abroad on the right hand and on the left. But abe cannot receive the blessing without incurring the duty, "lengthen thy cords- and strengthen thy stakes." The'Eccloslaslical tenet carihofc be, with this great access of new life, just what it has beeu. What shall we do ? "Le'ngthen thy ? cords and strengthen thy stakes." Breadth and strength.' "Lengthen thy. cords." God has set us hore under new conditions, and our-work has to be. done by'methods which must inevitably1.'differ from the tradition's ' of an older ..world. You cannot reproduce here, in the full, free life of Australian democracy," just the pattern of work and the type of churcntnanship and of church organisation which, fittingly enough characterise the mother land. With districts so greá't, and a population so small, . and resources' so infinitesimal, we want the laity, not merely holding their place in the.law-making'iof the Church, in her Synods and Assemblies, but in the conduct ' of Divine service, iii our Sunday schools, in the manifold channels of religious activity. And the .Church will be all the sounder tor such co- operation. ;;So ¡8 it, again, with the order of. our worship. Reverencing, us I do with'all my heart, the noble Book of Common Prayer, I yet cannot Bout my eyes to the fact: that when it was drawn up, Ouptain. Cook hud not been.born.; What the American Church has. done; the AuBtraliau Church must, some day, do!; and revise the Prayer Book in'accordance^with the needs of her own life. How utterly unsuitable- are many .of -the rubrical direc- tions, in that venerable book, for - 'loyal, observance in our land! Or to take a wider 'view. Are?. we " always to.'be tied .down to , recital ? of . a versionT , of. the Atbaaasian creed whose .language (most unhappily) Is all too liable to popular misinterpretation? Are we never to have wider freedom in the recital of our Psalms, BO that we. may not be called upon to take into our lips, as part of our devotions, words of imprecation which assort ill with - the temper of Christianity? Are we not-to have liturgical commemoration of the :VuBt and ever-growing .work of Christian 'Mis-, sions? Might we not well long for the day When our chief service might be a choral celebration of the Holy Eucharist,- without, rubrical necessity of full precedingJVIatins? Do we not need, in many ways, a. wider permission as regards our ceremonial, and a further enrichment of our services? jin all these respects the English Church', in Australia needs to "lengthen her cords." And. in another direction. She'hus. to put herself ..into sympathetic .touch, .with " the: advance ofV modern knowledge.' Nothing is more painful than the existence of .a Church .which, instead of leading thou- ght, ignores it. We ought to rejoice chat in.this respect no burdens.have neen laid upon us .grievous to be borne; For instance, the English Church is committed to no special theory as to the manner of inspiration, or the manner of our Lord's presence in the Holy Eucharist. No Patriarch of the English ' Communion has laid it upon the bench of Bishops," us the Pope did upon the Raman Catholic Bishops in his Encyclical of 1803: "All. the books which the Church receives as sacred and canonical (we must remember this includes such narratives us Tobit and Judith) are. written wholly and entirely, with all their parts, at the dictation of. the Holy Ghost; and, so far is tc from being possible; that any error can co-exist with inspiration, that inspiration IB essentially, incompatible with error." No formula of the Anglican Church has said,, as does the Calvinistic Swiss Declaration of 1075, "The Hebrew volume of the Old Testament, both in its consonants and its vowels,- IB divinely inspired." You see what I mean. We English Churchmen confess the inspiration of Holy Writ as. loyally, as any Christian men.. Only we do not dogmatise as to the how. And so we are free to recognise, and, to assimilate, all that we may feel to be best and. truest in thé onward march of human knowledge. Ignorance is always first cousin, to unbelief. Here let us, by intelligence and sympathy, " lengthen the cords.,r That is, one side of our duty. Then comes the other : "Strengthen thu stakes." It is the cull to moral firmness, moral decision. " They change their sky, but not their mind, who pass across the SUUB " ; so runs the old Latin adage. But at least, when men pass across the seas, they affect to believe that much, morally, ls changed. Muny who, in older countries, have been constant worshippers, are but too commonly found acting as if, under a new sky, they believed that they had left God behind with the northern hemisphere: as if right were no longer right, and wrong were no longer wrong, once we have have crossed,the Line. The Church has no weightier duty these days, and in these new lands than to insist upon the fact that her morai code is absolute ; true here, true" there, true' once, true always, ? Aud yet this runs so diametrically countor to democratic, sentiment. What many men would like ls a, church ruflecting'.the moods of. the passing' hour ; saying of every fashionable vice, there' is no harm in it; and of every popular foible that it is praiseworthy. - But it were better for the Church to die ; better for her to be beaten down, as was the Church in North Africa, and perish fighting the good, fight, than to linger -on disgraced, effete, paralysed. Courage, brethren all.. Conscience is conscience, and right is right, "and wrong is wrong, here as everywhere. And just us you bear some vessel in your drawing-room startle you with its answering vibration to the chord you have struck upon your piano, so be sure that always, when we know not, how we know not, where (very likely) we least expect it, there is the answering echo to the true assertion, in love and gentleness, of the Divine man- date, "Thou Bhalc" or "Thou shalt not." Stengthen the stakes. And so with the old faith. To the ancient creeds let all men understand that we adhere. . Simplicity does not connoto indefiniteness, nor fewness of; essentials, the absence of essentials, nor is elasticity twiti sister of fickleness. What- ever Cardinal Moran may. Bay, . there ls not a . Bishop of the English Church who would tolerate for .one moment among his clergy disbelief in the Lord's Divinity, much less entertain such disbelief in person, and fail to lay. down his office. Nay, it is no question of bishops or clergy. It is a layman-no lesa distinguishea a layman than L,ord Beauchamp, Governor of N.S. Walesi' who protested; publicly, just before he left 'the motherland, against. » book written', by an English clergyman because, at least apparently, it. denied the essentials of the Christian faith.' It is just that temper of strong definite allegiance to the simple cardinal facts of the faith which we need all round to-day. Men who are sure of their stand in great matters can afford to be tolerant over lesser matters. Strong men, like strong systems (it is a true saying) can afford to be generous : aye ! and to be versatile and elastic. "Lengthen the cords: strengthen the stakes." The two commands go, logically and properly, together. The Bishop concluded with an appeal for the temper of breadth and fidelity in the I work of the Church of England in our own midst. There was a large congregation at the service, the Cathedral being packed. 