MONDAY', SEPTEMBER, 4, 1899. PUBLIC MATT BUS, Queensland comes apparently into tho Austra lian concert. That was to be expected. Too much depended on her joining to allosv of her remaining outside. Tho majority declared at the timo of writing was between 4000 and 5000 — nearer 5000 than 4000 — but' of course tho returns are imperfect. Owing to tlie movements in the past for separation, tho State of Queensland is marked into three well defined divisions, and the, polling is stated separately for each. It is indfeed stated for four divisions, because the metropolitan area is named, but that area is part of the Southern division. It will be scion from, tho figures that provincialism triumphed in the Southern Division by about as great a majority as that which vyou tho cause of tho union in tho State as a whole. A majority comparatively small voted Yes in the Central Divisiou, but an overwhelming affirmative vote in the North oni Division oomplotely neutralised and reversed tho onti- federal gain in tho South, , It is interesting to compare tho result of the polling with tho forecast. The latter was tolerably accurate, although tho total majority seems to have been over- estimated. Tho authorities looked for a vast majority for federation in the Northern Division. They estimated rightly. On tho Central Division tho forecast named a small majority.. . That also was a correct estimate. . And the authorities also correctly ganged tho anti federal feeling in the Southern part of. the State. All is well that ends well. We may possibly have tho circle of union completed — ho gap in it — by tho entry of Western Australia. » But now tho Australian Common wealth will embraco all tho older and more progressive States, and possibly.lias in Queens land a member of the Bund which possesses greater possibilities of. future greatness than doos any othoi\ Thoro is no such future before Western Australia as that which presumably lies before Queensland ; and, as one of the United States of .Australia, that community will stand in tho position of liim who exorcises the quality of mercy — sho ?will bo blossed in her giving and her taking. Wo join in tho welcome which all of her sister States of Australia extend to-day to that Peri who late repenting has now as far as tho roferendutn voting is concerned,' entered tho. charmed circle of tho nascent, uatipn, We are sanguine, perhaps, but later mes sages about the Transvaal etnbroglio go to show that war may bo averted by timely con cession on tho part of tho Boor Govorn mont. Ono point seems to bo settled: that President Kruger tacitly acknow ledges tho British suzerainty. For there is acknowledgment, in the stipulation , that the counter scheme submitted by the Transvaal was conditional on' Britain's abandonment of tho suzerainty. As far as tho negotiations havo gone, Mr. Ohamborluin ? will 'not discuss the suzerainty question ; ho will submit neither that nor other differences to arbitration, but ho asks for another con ference. And tho beliof in London is that the Transvaal Government aBsen.ts to a conferonco at Capetown, will explain tho franchise prpppsals, and rocoivo friendly suggestions. This nows, if confirmed, supplies hope that peaceful settlement- is still in reasonable proBpecfc. Meanwhile, British military preparations are not intermitted. Last week tho political 'situation was rolioved in tbo minds of mqiny observers of tho element . of ,'dpubt. ' By a majority, of ono the solid Labour party resolved to support the Govern ment against Mr. Lyno. And this decision -was hold to onsuro dofoat of tho wantof confidenco motion. But Binoo tho cauouS waB hold Mr. Fogan haB interposed with an amend ment specifically condemning the Government in tho Noild payment matter, and this rather complicates tlio issuo. Another caucus isi to, bo held j . but tho fact that Mr. Roid has -declared, very properly, that ho will regard ns a consuro compelling the Govorninont to consider its. position tho' passing of tho amendment, will probably havo its in confirming the party ini its previous attitude. It is understood to bo in a difficulty : the obligations of , what passes for 'palitioal ? conhoionco among tho morubors aro said to be strongly urging them to vote with Mr, Pagan,. TCgardlosB of tho dread upoctro of tho impend ing dissolution. Probably, it is said,' a friend of tho Government will essay by fui'thor nmondmont to rolievo the strain and lay tho ghost. But it' is vory (sad, this open and shamoless voorihg of tho party botwoon tho , iiwo sides, acknowledging 110 principle; inviting offors from tho highest' bidder. Tho- Govorninont programme, is tho ofCoi'. from tli'o Ministerial room, and it has not being emphasised or onlargod/ boing indood sufficiently expansivo and sufficiently -advanood .to suit tho'greatost glutton for legis lative work, and tho most practical State Socialist. ? Mr. Lyno, has not ovortly . bid, but liis spoooh, containing, a Covert adoption 1 of tlio Government. programme, is as muoh , an offer ns . that of tlio Government. Tlioro is no hopo of tlio elevation of publio. life whilo ?elootors ho constitute tho Assombly that- tho Labour party holds tho balance of power. ?Tho permuuout interests of ;thq- oaluntry stand an jeopardy every hour that a sootion of tho Assombly can, without n vestige of' roHponsi Ibility, influence and mould tho 'legislation of itho country. Tho Labour 'party has rio ?other design in publio life' thai; tho employ ment- of uilluouoo in tho welfnro of a class' in itho community. And ftB long as it is only istrong onough to bo worth buying by ' oon ceesions -tacit or avowed, tlio country will bo in danger, Labour ought to bo sufficiently ro proBontad,.in Parliament to allow tlio workers to havo onouglt woight in its oouusels to onsuro juotioo to .tliom. And, if it is ropresorited :moi-e fully, it tihould .bo powerful ouougli to nsHurae tlio -roius of authority, and to submit itsolf to tho steadying action of responsibility. Tho - protfont strnoturo of tho Assombly is politically immoral and monacing to the coni rauniiy as a whole, ? \- Jumna M'/Parlnui), tlio joalroy who roooivod con- ; ousslon of the bralii and a- brokou jaw through -. lining thrown lit thn Canterbury Park raooa lust j Tu-adoy, is still In Peiuou Altrncf Hospital, lio ? ,is ruportol to bo slowly Improving. . 1 