THE ATTACKSON THE CARDINAL His Eminence on Protestant Missions. , . I . will begin with Fiji, not only because it is a British colony, more closely connected with Australian interests than the other island groups of the Pacific, but also because it is a mission-field where many of the Weslevan preachers have made their fortunes, and in which our Protestant friends take special pride. An An glican clergyman in 1896, writing of the Fijian mission in " Parts of the Pacific," declared it to be " the noblest work of the kind that Christ endom had ever witnessed." The . Rev. Mr. Lovett, in his " Primer of Modern Missions " (London, 1896), styles it " one of the most impressive triumphs over the evil heart of man to be found in all its long and marvel lous annals." Rev. Mr. Dennis pre sents it as " an exanlble of what God's grace has accomplished among us." And at a missionary meeting held here in Sydney only a few months ago (March, 1899), a Wesleyan clergyman gave those missions unstinted praise: " The Fijian mission," he said, "was one of the grandest of the Christian era. Its triumphs wfere not sur-, passed by any mission in the world, either in the present or past centuries." Surely, then, I am jus tified in taking the Fijian mission as a test case. The history of the first Protestant attempts to evangelize the Fijians may be briefly told. In the year 1797 the famous missionary ship Duff landed eleven English and Scottish missionaries on one of the islands. Scarcely had the ship taken its departure, when one of the party began to prevaricate, and very soon . by his open immorality he scandal ised not only his white friends, but atram fn»af« f n avmpaltran T r a iycu 111c uauvca lugiuocivco xu a few weeks he was found, murdered in the native hut which he had made his honie. Another of the party named Vason avowed himself an infi del and identified himself with the pagan natives. In the words of the Rev. Dr. Brown in " History of the Protestant Missions," he " mingled with the heathen, showing a strong disposition to learn their ways, in which he at length made a woeful proficiency, and threw off the mask of Christianity completely." (Vol. 2, page 200.) Three other missionaries were murdered in quarrels that arose. The survivors took refuge in New South Wales, devoting themselves to pastoral pursuits. Rev. Dr. Lang completes their history : " Mission aries," he says, " who had been sent forth with the prayers of the British public and the benediction of the London Missionary Society, to con vert the heathen in the numerous isles of the Pacific, were at length found converted themselves into stars of the fourth or fifth magnitude, in the 'constellations Aries and Taurus ; or, in other words, in the sheep and cattle market of New South Wales." The only memorial that these first missionaries left after them in Fiji was a forge. It was probably the emblem of the craft in which most of them were better skilled than in preaching the Gospel." The first Wesleyan missionaries landed in Fiji in 1822, but the mis sion does not appear to have for mally commenced till 1835. It is their boast that, through their efforts within 20 years the whole island was practically Christian, cannibalism being abolished, and no fewer than 120,000 natives being reck oned among the Church attend ants. There are, however, some dis agreeable facts which go far to prove that the lotu adopted by the natives was rather a veneerfor paganism than a sincere conversion. Even since Fiji became a British colony some of the tribes have indulged in cannibal ism. It is not long ago that a tribe refused to pay the cotton-tax, and good Wesleyans though they claimed to be, they killed and ate the Euro pean collectors who ventured amongst them. Julian Thomas (best known by his writings under the name of " The Vagabond ") tells of the deal ings of the high chief Maafu with " the native minister, a man of great fervour, who became convinced, after much study of the Scriptures, that he was a saint, and that angelic powers were conferred upon him." A British Blue Book as late as 1886 gives an account of the fanatic Navosavak- adua, who sought, without renouncing Wesleyanism, to revive all the old orgies of Paganism. In the words of the Royal Commission, " he com pounded a new religion out of old Fijian myths and Biblical stories." Thousands gathered round him, and it was only when he and more than a hundred of his followers were shot down that the new lotu col lapsed. One of the last sets of Sir John Thurston as Governor was to crush a somewhat similar attempt at 'the. revival of cannibalism and paganism. The gradual decay of the popula tion under the regime of the Wesleyan missionaries cannot be questioned. One island which became a mission stronghold had in former times 2,000 natives ; it has at present scarcely 200\. The missionaries in 1840 reckon ed the Fijian population . at 200,000. In 1870, in the official Wesleyan re port, the number of natives was estimated at 150,000. Later, at the Wesleyan Jubilee celebration in 1885, the population was given at 110,000. ' I K A T O a V auc kjkj v 01 wiiiciit youaua 111 xoyi i e- ports; the whole native population as 104,862. The Statesman's Year Book for 1899 gives the latest official estimate as 99,773. Thus in half a century the population has dwindled to one half. As regards the number Wesleyan adherents, from their or iginal estimate of 120, ood, they had been reduced in 1870 to 105,000 ; in July, 1895, the secretary of the Aus tralian Wesleyan Society reports their total number as 99,000, whilst he reckons the Catholics at only 2,000. However, the Statesman's Year Book just referred to sufficiently refutes the latter part of his state ment, for it gives the number of Catholics in 1897 (the latest available official returns) as 9,325. The Rev. Mr. Langham, as re ported in the Sydney press on April 18, 1898, made the public announce ment that the education of the Fijians was entirely in the hands of the Wes leyan mission." Here we have a definite statement, but it is one which can easily be shown to be quite . in consistent with the facts of the case. The Bishop of Fiji, the Right Rev. Dr. Vidal, when passing through Sydney, in 1896 gave to the press a report of the Catholic Mission, in which he says that the 29 resident missionaries, all members of the Society of Mary, are assisted by a large number of catechists in teach ing reading, writing, etc., as well as religion. There were then seven Marist Brothers engaged in teaching, besides 140 native teachers. There were also 23 European Sisters and seventeen native nuns. At each missionary station there was a school and these schools were wellattended ; for instance, there were at the Wairiki schools 160 children, at Solevu 100, at Cawari 70, at Rewa 100\. At the close of the preceding scholastic year the Chief Justice, who presided at the distribution of prizes, pronounced a singular eulogy of the Catholic schools, as reported in the Fiji Times. Among other things, he said:. "I have been ex ceedingly impressed with the good work that is being done among us by the Sisters and Brothers. I think it must be a subject of great comfort to the parents to have here settled among us the ladies of the convent, who devote time, energy, learning, and the most delicate attention to the education of their girls. It is evident to me that the Catholic in habitants are exceedingly fortunate in having such schools and teachers for their children. I wish these schools all the success that is due to the care and attention that is abundantly be stowed upon them." I will only add to complete this picture that the Statesman's Year Boole for 1899 gives the following Fijian details : " One hundred and thirty- six schools are conducted by the Roman Catholic Mission, the number of day scholars being T705 in 1897. The Roman Catholic mission also maintains three schools for Europeans, at which 138 children received instruction during 1897\. These mission schools receive no State aid. What then becomes of the statement that Fijian education was entirely in the hands of the Wesleyans? As I am speaking of statistics, I may here refer to another statement of Mr. Langham, on which he had repeatedly laid very special stress. The European Wesleyan clergy, he says, were but a handful compared with the numerous band of Catholic missionaries, and yet they have ob tained the grandest results. Now, it is quite true that the European Wesleyan preachers are few, but that is only part of the truth, for they employ a whole army of natives, several of whom rank as missionaries. The Rev. James Calvert, Wesleyan missionary in Fiji for many years, in a narrative of the work carried on in those islands, published soon after his demise in 1892, gives the number of Wesleyan agents : " With only nine white missionaries," he writes, " we have 301 1 native preachers. Sixty-five of these are fully ordained to the work of the ministry." He adds that besides these, " there are 3200 aevotea ciass-ieaaers, wno in struct the catechumens, and 2610 school- teachers." Assuredly such an army of agents, each of whom has his respective pay, must be supposed to accomplish a great deal in staying the progress of the Catholic mission. The Statesman's Year Boole for 1899 gives the statistical returns at the present day : " The Wesleyan Mis sion establishment," it says, " com prise 11 European missionaries, 70 native ministers, 63 catechists, 1077 teachers, 2042 local preachers, and 4684 class- leaders." In contrast to this huge army the Catholic array of missionaries is but scanty indeed. The Statesman's Year Boole just re ferred to gives the following statis tics : "The Roman Catholic mission has 28 European ministers, 180 native teachers, and 24 European Sisters." The Wesleyan also boast of the number of churches and other re ligious edifices which they have erected throughout the Fijian islands. Rev. Mr. Calvert states that in 1891 there were " 1322 chapels and other preaching places." The " States man's Year Book" for 1899 gives the number as " 972 churches and 339 other preaching places, "in all 1311. It is to be remarked, however, that the quality of the edifice is not always such as a spirit of religion would suggest for the House of God. A visitor to the islands in 1897 reports that many of the Wesleyan churches are mere native huts, but to wretchedly constructed that even the natives would not use them for dwellings. The marketable value of these so-called churches would not be more than sixpence each. The natives of late years have begun to complain that the large amount which they contribute for religion is all spent on the missionaries and their wives and children, and that much of it goes abroad. The con tributions of the Wesleyan natives alone to the Mission fund in six years, ending in 1896, amounted to very near -£"25,000. They may well ask what has been done with all this money ? The Catholic natives on the other hancf are asked to con tribute but little, and that little is all spent for the ornament of , religion and the benefit of the people, i At an assembly of chiefs, held some time ago, this complaint was thus forcibly expressed : " How does it happen that we have such poor churches for our religion — we who -give so much to our ministers — while the Catholics, who give nothing to their priests, have magnificent churches with turrets and bells." On that occasion a Wesleyan Roko, or provincial governor from the eastern islands, of the Archipelago, took occasion to pronounce his verdict : " Our religion is not the true one ; it is the religion of money ; the true re ligion is the religion of the Catholic missionaries-." I Much might be said, in proof that nominal Christianity is the main re sult, in so far as religion is concerned, of the Wesleyan missionary toil in Fiji. I will cite, however, only Protestant witnesses that thus there J may be no suspicion of religious bias in the statements that are made. Mr. Britton, in his " Fiji in 1870" (pub lished in Melbourne), gives an in teresting account of his visit to these j islands. The conversion of the natives to Christianty was, he states, " a purely political step," necessitated by j their obedience to. Thakombau. Some j tribes which succeeded in freeing j themselves from his authority re- j sumed their pagan practices. Of the Wesleyan and Roman Catholic mis sions, he remarks, "the Fijians, in their own concise way, distinguish the two faiths by calling the Wes leyan ' no lotu wai-wai,' that is, ' the oily religion,' and the Roman Catho lic ' no lotu- Popei," that is the 'Pope's religion.' " The great bulk of the Wesleyan converts, he states, are nothing more than nominal Chris tians ; and he adds : " Under the missionary teachings the Fijians have made very little progress, socially and politically, ex cepting of course the abandonment of the worst outward horrors of heathen ism, as cannibalism, &c.; Their way of living in the vast majority of cases is as filthy as it was in the heathen times, and it seems as if in these matters they are almost incapable of improvement. Nor can the mission aries look forward to the future with much hope. They see the Fijians becoming worse instead of better. Drunkenness is fearfully on the in crease, and though the foul diseases of European vice and overcrowding ha've not yet appeared in Fiji, yet the native are rapidly decreasing." Of one of the native chiefs who was most active in collecting for the mis sionary fund, he tells us that in point of morality he was " a very heathen" ; and he relates of the King Thakom bau himself, that long after he had become a fervant Wesleyan he sug- 1 gestively reminded an importunate European creditor that the flesh of | the white man was as sweet as the ripe banana. I Dr. Berthold Seeman, who was Commissioner to Fiji in i860, in his "Account of a Government Mission to the Fijian Islands," states that the Wesleyan Missionary Society derived a revenue of ;£i 200 a year from the sale of cocoanut oil, and that " Mr. Binner, a Wesleyan training-master, owns large tracts of land, and a great many small islands." Of the native teachers he writes that "their con duct has been in direct contradiction, to their profession of Christianity." The conversions to Wesleyan Chris tianity were merely nominal. He instances the people of Biiretu who " embraced Christianity, but when at , a subsequent date the town rebelled against Bau they, became apostates ; nor did the restoration of peace make them relinquish their pagan religion, and they had at the time of our visit one of the finest temples in the whole group." One of the great chiefs assured him " there were very few Christians in the, group, and he hated hypocrisy.'' , The motive of belief assigned by a leading chief, as recorded by Browne in his " History of the Missions," harmonizes with this account. The Wesleyan missionary asked the chief did he believe in the Christian truths. He replied: "True! everything is true that comes from the white man's country : muskets, and guns, and powder are true, and your religion must be true." " Ten months in the Fiji Islands," by Mrs. Smythe, the wife of another Royal Commissioner to Fiji, tell us (page 173) that the Wesleyan mis sionaries in Fiji confine their efforts almost entirely to imparting re ligious instruction, making little or no attempt' . to teach the arts of civilized life." She adds : " It is natural, where subscribers to Mission Societies are expectant of highly- I coloured reports, and so clamorous ' for a yearly tale of converts, that the missionaries should rather direct their efforts to collect recruits than to train soldiers. ... It appears to us that these converts presume a good I deal on the profession of Christianity." She gives an amusing example of " the imperfect acquaintance " of the native preachers with their new re ligion. An American settler at ' Lakemba, an important missionary I station, had shot and carried off a pig belonging to a native. The tribe j being Wesleyan converts deputed | their preacher to remonstrate with | him. He donned his best official dress, and proceeding to the Ameri can's house set forth in a long har angue the enormity of the Crime. The American listened with respect ful attention, and thanked the preacher for the forcible exhortation. But, he added, the pig is just now baked, so you will please sit down and invoke a blessing on what God has sent. The preacher, swayed by the irresistible love of all Fijians for roast pork, bowed his head and recited long grace, after which the two culprits made a hearty meal on the 1 stolen pig. Miss Gordon Cumming relates her experience at a Wesleyan service in Vanua Balevu : " Our tendency to laugh was only conquered by our disgust on seeing a regular verger armed with a long stick who periodi cally rose from his knees and walked about administering a resounding blow to any young woman who was not doubled up, at what he chose to consider the orthodox angle of de votion while right in front of the pulpit was placed a bench, on which sat a row of the principal men, all dressed in hideous black coats and trousers, and who never pretended to kneel at all ; but the verger took care not to see them, and confined his dis ciplinarian attentions to the women.!' At another mission feast at Vanua Levu she witnessed the fervent piety of an ex-cannibal convert : he " crept . close to. Mr. Langham (the celebrant), and then, as if he could not refrain, he put out his hand and stroked him down the. thigh, licking his lips, and exclaiming with delight : ' O, but you are nice and fat.' " Mr. Julian Thomas, in " Canni bals and Convicts " (London 1886), explains that howit is that so manyof the Fijian natives desire to be em ployed in the Wesleyan ministry: " The position of a native minister," he says, " is one to be coveted by his fellows. It gives in many things as much power as that possessed by the chiefs. The native pastor is always well fed, and has always the prettiest wife. The softest mat, the fattest pork, the biggest yam was his ; and the youngest and prettiest females awaited him to do him honour." He met one of those native pastors on the 'river Rewa, sailing in magnificent style in a double canoe, sleeping on a couch, .with two native maidens fanning him. He could not forbear "smacking" him on the back with the advice given by a bullock-driver to a late Governor of Victoria : " You've got a very good billet, old chap ; you stick to it.' " He gives the following specimen of the sermon of a native Fijian teacher : " See what Christi anity has done for us ; we have a big ship to come and visit us, and bring us cloth and beads. Mr. Brown has a big house, and is a powerful chief; all this has has been given us ; then how good a thing Christianity is." An Anglican clergyman, who did duty for a time in Fiji, in his work " Parts of the Pacific " (London 1895), already referred to, states that even the high chiefs who were con verted had very erroneous ideas of Christian practice or Christian truth. One high chief, he says, explained his belief in- the Trinity as follows : " He had learned to believe in One true God, who had two sons, by name the Holy Ghost and Christ." Another very religious chief was so advanced in' civilisation that he resolved to have a set of artificial teeth. He insisted, however, on having " the old teeth buried with full religious ritual, in cluding a long sermon." In accor dance with Fijian usage at a chief's interment, a lordly banquet followed : " Pigs yalore were devoured by the numberless sympathising friends, who had come to pay the last tribute of affection and respect to the lamented teeth. But an unexpected feeling of disapprobation suddenly marred the peace and solemnity of the proceedings, when it came to be known that the partially-interred gentleman had not only killed all his own hogs to supply the liberal board, but had robbed his neighbours' piggeries, too, far and near " (page 236). The same writer adds that " woman is still the inferior animal in Fiji. Natives have not been Christianised long enough yet for the women to have been raised to the honourable position allotted to them by Christianity." Of the native Wesleyan at Levuka he pronounces the favourable judgment: "I am persuaded that the most fastidious missionaries of any sect would con sider their salvation secured; for were they not all clad in European clothing of the latest cut ?" I will only add that a commission of inquiry in its report last year assign ed immorality as one the main causes of the decrease of population in Fiji. Even the native chiefs had at times complained of this, and at one of their Rokos or assemblies they raised their voices against it. When referred to this latter fact in the beginning of last year, letters in the public press accused me of calumniating the Wesleyan Mission, and yet I was merely asserting a fact vouched for by the Rev. Mr. Langham himself. The Fiji Times published Mr. Lang- ham's report on the Wesleyan services at Bau in 1884, in which he refers to " the expulsion of a large number of church members for immorality, an evil which we deeply regret to say is becoming of more frequent oc currence. . . and is exerting such a baneful influence upon the social and religious life of the many around, that it seems to us that we shall not have done our duty until public at tention has been directed to the grow ing evil, and public opinion has been evoked against it. We are thankful that the chiefs themselves have spoken strongly in their recent annual council against the existence and spread of this disgraceful immorality, and that some of our respectable colonists are also expressing their disapprobation of its toleration." This extract will be found in the S11dne.11 Morning Herald , of November 1st, 1884. To refer one to only of the religious abuses that prevail, I do not know that anything can be more painful than the accounts which we read of the desecration of the Blessed Eucharist, not only among the Protestants sects in Fiji, but indeed throughout all the island groups of the Pacific. The Anglican clergy man already referred to (" Parts of the Pacific," page 257), describes his visit to the Wesleyan Bishop at Bau, one of the most important Wesleyan missionary, stations of Fiji. This so-called Bishop was no other than Rev. Mr. Langham, well-known in Sydney. His house was on the summit of a hill, overlooking the bay. " At tea (thus runs the narrative) his reverence gave me cakes made of dark sugar - juice, and cocoanuts, which he told me he uses together with cocoa -milk at the Sacrament there being neither bread nor wine in the land, except in white men's towns." The Wesleyan Bishop ap pears to have had a special rubric. In other parts of Fiji a different usage prevails. Miss Gordon Cum ing, in " At Home in Fiji," writes : " The elements used are Fijian bread, generally of arrowroot and cocoanut, and for wine the very weakest claret and water, it being illegal to give a drop of wine or spirits to any native." This abuse of the Sacramental rite, as I hav,e said, is not confined to Fiji. Rev. Mr. Ellis tells us of the course which he pursued in his tour through the Pacific Island : " We felt no hesitation," he says, " in using the roasted or baked bread- fruit, pieces of which were placed in the proper vessel." He adds that some of his brother clegymen were under the necessity of " substituting the juice of the cocoanut for that of the grape." In the Tahiti Islands the use of . the bread-fruit appears to have been general in the Protestant churches. The native name for the bread-fruit is mayore, and in the Protestant ver- sibn of the Gospels in the Tahitian language, the sacred text is corrupted so as to justify their usage. At the last supper (we there read) the Re deemer " took mayore into his hands and blessed it, &c.;" In Chain Island, where the bread- fruit tree does not grow, the ministers use the fruit of the cocoa instead of bread, and the cocoanut juice instead of wine. In the Island of Rapa the Eucharist is administered with the Taro, a root resembling the turnip or large potato. Mrs. David in her interesting work on " Funafuti " (London 1899) tells us of the London Missionary Society manner of administering the Holy Communion, at which she was pre sent at that island: "The pastor in charge stood in front of a rough little table which had some kind of vessels on it, covered with a soiled sheet of once white calico. He ad dressed his flock briefly, then he reverently raised the grimy cover, and revealed a sight which filled me with horror, though one swift glance round the congregation assured me that they saw nothing out of the usual way on the table. The taro, which was to take the place of bread, was placed on two soiled enamelled plates ; the cocoa-nut juice, which took the place of wine, was in a brown crockery teapot with a broken lid and spout ; and the cups were just the common German beer glasses with their metal tops broken." In Tonga, water barely coloured with wine is used. It is related that at the solemn Wesleyan administration of the Eu charist in Nukualofa, at which the new King, George the Second, took part, he on receiving the bread put it in his pocket, and he dealt with the well- watered wing in a far more sum mary manner. Perhaps, however, we should not be surprised at these sacrilegious in novations on the part of the Wes- leyans and Independents, for a few years ago the head of the Anglican church at Hongkong advocated the use of tea instead of wine, and the Anglican Bishop of Nelson, Dr. Hophouse, relates how he himself on one occasion in 1862 substituted plain water instead of wine. Any mission that desecrates the Blessed Eucharist, which is the Sacrament of everlasting life, cannot fail to bring with it a malediction instead of an abiding blessing. t PATRICK F. CARDINAL MORAN. St. Mary's Cathedral, 26th July. 