A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dailas. One morning Arthur Hoywood received a strange letter It was from his maiden aunt. MisB Maud Hey wood. " Come at once," it said. " I am going to die, nnd I want to leave you my property. It seems right to see you first."' . Arthur had never met his Aant Maud, who lived by borself in a handsome country residence. She had inherited it from ber mother, while the boys — ber brothers — were obliged to make tbeir own fortunes. Arthur's fetber bad been -he eldest and n'.l ho had ever said of bis sister Maud was that some, thing she had done in early youth bad made them all angry, and tbnt they never saw each other, and, for his part, he . never desired to do so. And now, when Arthur Hey wood was quite alone in the world, this aunt had written to liim. He expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant-woman had opened the door, he was ushered into & room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lamp3, Bcsrcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to bim. ' " You are a Heywood," she said; " You resemble your father, but are not so stern. Sclim was stem to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. " Well, she' must have bad a bard life of it, unless he was kinder to her than to his sister. " There, don't speak. I shall say nothing bnt what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall have it. I think you will have to wait a few months. My heart iB affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present 1 am not very ill, but it will be as I say. ' Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I bate hypocriBy, I have made my will in your favor. Stay until the last." With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered suppor, and afterwardB dismissed ber thirty year-old nephew to his room, atnineo'cloek, as though ho had been a school-boy,' It was a large roum at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt enriously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite tho early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; he lit it before bo retired. The excuse he made to himself v/ns that his aunt might be taken ill in the night ; but be was conneious of a renewal of bis old childish terror of the supernatural. . "It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies," be said. " I shall sleep it off." And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for tbo ghoBt- aeer, he was awakened with a start, to. see at the foot of his bed a Utile dark woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on- hcr head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which wob tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a ser vant of some sort, and it was Arthur's im pression that his aunt was ill. " Have you come to call me ?" he asked. The woman came a little nearer. " Yes," replied a voice, which made his blood run cold ; " that woman is dying." ' My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. " Your aunt," replied the figure,. "If some one doesn't set to work at once she'll dio without being bung. I want her hung." " This is a lunatic." thought Arthur: He started to his foet, draping himself inn blnnket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances, but tbo woman was gone. lie went to the door. It was fastcned as he had loft it on retiring. The windows were bolted down, l'bero was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, be made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he had bad a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on him. \- However, this dream, if dream it were, was repeated three times, Eaoh timo the strango, dark woman expressed ber desire to see Maud Heywood bung, and declared that if it were not done it would soon be too lato. His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such n dream, even had she been in strong health. There was no one else to speak to. But tho thing seemed so oorlous that Arthur made a record of it in a sort of diary ho was in the habit of keeping, following it by some reflections upon dreams. At last, however, be was awakened not by a ghost, but by a rap.'on his door. His aunt was dying— a servant bad come for .him. When he reached her room she was in sensible. She never spoke to him again. He' could not mourn her .loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he ehowed every mark of. respect possible to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from cariosity than any othor feeling," for Miss Heywood bad entertained no one, and visited no one in tho neighborhood ; and in due course ot time the will was read. It left everything to Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother, Belim Heywood, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar — never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not oboosc to say why," wrote the testator. "Unless my nephew will agree to this, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, la esse that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of the house." But Arthur bad no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of hiB dead aunt, who, doubt less, had consigned to the garret some treasures of her youth which she did not wish to destroy. And be took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought homo a wife. Years brought them a family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper; but whenever -Mrs. Heywood made this remark, ber hus band would reply that "tho estate would bo a greater one." " Who will ever know ?" bIic would urge. "Who cares?" ' A codicil which I have never seen re mains," Arthur would reply. " Who knows what might happen?" And so bis Fatima did no mora than peep through the keyhole ot this Bluebeard's chamber. The mystery was greater, however, to the children j and when tho eldest boy was ten years old it had occurred to bim that no thing, could bo so delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers bad left near the house, be gained the sloping roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the silt, he peeped in ; but at tbe moment the ladderelippcd. He remained on tbo window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickcrs, bearing bim, ran to bis assistance. However, though tbe child bad crept np the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing nothing of tbo taboo which forbade tbe opening of tbo garret door, one of tliem bnde tbe child re main where he was nntil he came, and rnBhed up the staircase, followed by all tbo household. Tbe door was soon broken in, tbe window opened, tho cbild rescued. And then tbe woman, who until now bad forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about ber. Tbe garret was a bare place, bung with old garments nnd smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. .Upon it, what? To appronch,to gnzc, and to rueb wildly from the room was tbe work of a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from borne at tbe time. When ho returned be found tbe 1 ng se-led garret door opened, heard hiB wife's story amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to tbe spot. Tncre he stood, transfixed with borror and nstonishment. Tbo skeleton upon tbe bed wore tbe grey dress, the wbite cap, and had the straight black hair of tbe woman who had appeared to bim thrice' in a vision, demanding the oxecution of his aunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever this meant, tbe discovery bad been a public one, and so must tbe explana- tion bs. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which bad given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil bad been enveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, wbo alone knew tbe contents. It contained tbeso words : " ThiB paper will only be opened if the garret is opened Jso. In that case my Becret will be known to those who are of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jano Jnrvelle disappeared. Sho was well-known in the' neighborhood, and but for letters whicb I wrote myself and ex hibited to curiouB folk, the truth might have been suspected at tbe time. "Jane came to live with mo as honsc- keeper when I was bnt twenty, thirty years ago. I w-s betrothed to a man I adored. My brother Rupert hated him. He placed Jane Jarvcllo in my house as a spy. She intercepted letters and worked in such a way tbat my enga.ement was broken off and my life embittered. My lover left me with scorn, boiieving a false talc, and married another. One day I discovered Jane Jar- velle's treachery. \ I went in search of her. 1 found her in the garret. There wo hnd a Scene, and there I murdered her. . I stabbed ber to toe heart. She lived only long enough to shriek: " 'I will haunt the houso until you are hung for this!' " She has done it. I have scon hor. But I shall not be hung. Tbo secret is nil my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie. " My brother, Rupert, cross-questioned me, and mnlo great search for Jane Jnrvelle; tbe others ware never good to me. Ours was an unkindly race ; but Belim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. " Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by tbe gbost of my viatim, never at rest, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible-death on tbe gallows, and assured of future punishment, what bas my life been ? Again I say— pity me, and pray for me." 