BUNGONIA. (Notes by " Fly.") BUNGONIA had its share of the recent rainfall (178 points), and looks a small bit better in consequence although as much more is needed to fix things up properly. Most of the folk around had about "given-up the ghost" as far as their rain hopes were concerned. So far there has not been a great loss in stock locally, but a number of owners have had to shift their stock to postures new, and I fancy the boiling down and bone merchants have a big mortgage on what are left, as there is not much chance of the frosts holding off sufficiently long to allow of the grass making much headway. How ever, as the old woman or someone else said, " Things might be wuss," and Gunyah people are always very thankful for small mercies. Ploughing is now proceeding throughout the district, but it is rather late, and there will not at any rate be a very big area under wheat. The sports here on Easter Monday were not largely attended, but wore nevertheless a succecs financially. Somo good finishes were witnessed, notably in the 100 yds. race for Costello's trophy, won by the Bungonia champion, Billy Ayre. As usual the principal event went to a dark horse, this time from Gunning (a roeord holder we are told), and he actually got a start from 'our own men. His smile was very painful for the local talent to look at. He could have given 'em all about 26 yds. in the 150 and thouen had (H) ample time to win. Eight shooters turned up for the pigeon match on 8th inst. and some excellent shooting took place. Glennie and " Old Can" divided with 12 kills apiece out of 13. The sweeps were divided between P. Frost (Goulbdro), " Musket,' P'. Tickner, and " Old Can." Tommy Frost (6 yrs), son of our new and go. ahead publican, Mr. T. J. Frost, had the misfortune to break-this arm on Sunday week. In addition to the break the elbow was put out of joint. Dr. Burkitt attended the sufferer, and I amn glad to say that Tom (who is as game as they make 'or) jeis now getting on well. Since I last eant a communication from this historic spot, a good bit of gold has been got in thebo gullies and river, and not a few duffers sunk. One party of six took £80 worth out of two crevices in Quin's poiut in a few dayc The rain has oeoked their hash the.' Wynter (Now Come Up) is reported to bo getting .oz. to the load from the deep ground. Encouraging reports come from Cow Hole Creok and sundry other places in the much-fossicked gullies. Cricket here is not quite dead, but de cidedly on the wane. The local club has a record this seacon. Won every match played. (Only fair to state that only one match was played.) However, the importation of a'bit of new blood into the town seems to be shaking things up a bit and next seoasono they say we are going to have a champion eleven, good enough to beat Goulburn. So mote it be. As most of the local crowd are generally credited with having enough sense to come in out of the wet, it may be taken for granted that a solid vote will be recorded 'agin the Bill" when the time comes. \--Selah. 18th April, 