1% A LIVE STORY. BOOK III. ONE' WOMEN'S WORK CHAPTER XV. Maxwell in rosy chains, An anglo ameiuoan. Beverly Beaton's legacy. Da Bhissao's story. La Reisk deb Bacchanalbs. At abricour. Nem esis. ' Tbll my Brother ' One wo man's work. At rest. J'That Tele OBAM.' We have given them only vice, dia eaee, and rum, and greet them with the e!y hand of tha thief, or the murderouB volleys of a Jeosnt soldiery, unwillingly pushed into'theae disgraceful battles. Id a future oivil war £ should take no part. I am s Northern States Rights man. Io thb Indian campaigns my blood has boi led to think that we only reiterate their tribal wrong 1 ' General.' said the _ Jyonng isoldier, people may sneer at Christian sentiment nt oar brethren of tbe charoh alone, seem to see thecrowaing disgrace of the closing century of American -Independence, We paid for slavery's bitter onrse, with na tional blood and tears. The thunder voice of God may demand of our rulers yet : 'Cain ! Where is thy brother 1' Forty years ago, the black-robed priest, with outstretched arms, could go in safety, unprotected by weapons, from the Missouri to the great Cascades of the Columbia. Today, Generals Crook, Tprry, and Gibbon, will fail to make that trip, with a brave army backed with its artillery. I would not leave the service, if there could be any imputation on my courage. I have fought for the nation's integrity. Duty and self-respect, keep me from seeing my innocent brethren of the army and their brave soldiers, but chered by a desperate foe, fighting on their own lands, and defending their help Ibbb babes and women. Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse, today, in their distant fastnesses on Powder River, are as clearly heroeB of Liberty, as the gallant farmers who fought the British soldiers, from tbe hedges of their farmyards, on the great dav of Lexington. 'Maxwell, you are right,' said the grizzled old General. 'Let me have the pleasure of seeing your sweet English Bose, when you briog her back to us. Go, my boy, and God bless you,' cried the veteran, as he warmly said adieu. Behind the Little Big Horn, the mad dened and despoiled savages were gather ing and at Fort Abraham Lincoln, in far Dakota, gallant, General Custer was /sow mustering the Seventh Cavalry for its a^ful ride to death. While Yinton Maxwell, (not without $ sigh,) doffed his uniform at the Ebbitt Tiext day, he gazed at the acceptance of his resignation with a serious brow. A T:noob interrupted him. j. 'Show the gentleman up,' said the . w civilian. He held the card of . r aineas Orton. ' That woman again. «ie Masked Venus. Tbe wrecker of s ? hearts and lives.'1 Maxwell's heart swelled proudly, as he thought of lovely Rose Durntfford. ''Angels, devils, and fallen angels, all have the same right to the mystic name, woman,' 'Can you give' me a couple of hours?' said Orton briskly, as he made himself known. 'Captain Gordon telegraphed me to come out to him at Fort Abraham Lincoln. He has given me a letter for yoti ; one he would not trust to the _ - mail.' Maxwell's eyes were moist as he finished reading the sad epistle. Its last words were : 'Let Orton tell yon all. When you say good-bye to Marguerite, spare her the knowledge of how low a once innocent girl can sink, in life'a abysB of shame ; her gentle heart has now its full burden of sorrow.' 'How does Gordon look ?' Maxwell said, turning to the detective, who was keenly eyeing tbe picture of Beverly Sea ton, on the uiantlepiece. 'He looks like a restless ghost ; only the wreck of his former self. Captain, that man is burning out Lis heart and soul. 1 never knew a sadder case, I . - bad; hoped that Bray ton wonld clear up the whole mystery.' 'Who ?' said Maxwell in bewilder ment ' Why, Alfred Brayton, that man,' said he, handing Maxwell the picture of dead Beverly Seaton.— .'Bat he too, had his secret sorrow. He is a gallant fel low, I was his second, when he killed Stahrenstein at Nice over this.handsome ehe-devil. Where is he?' continued Orton, who had jnofc noticed Maxwell's growing astonishment. 'See here, Orton. Tell me the whole story from the time you met him at St. Louis. That man was my friend, Bev erly Seaton, and he died by his own hand at the Brunswick Hotel.' Orton sprang to his feet. ' Foo! ! fool I' he'cried 'Thank God ! I can now believe m Jack Gordon's innocence of Egbert Neill's mutder. I see it all. This woman I hounded dowh, was Gor don's wife. — and — '' Maxwell finished, solemnly : 'Beverly Seaton's sister.' The shades of evening were darkening the room, before tbe two men closed their confidences. Maxwell's face was fixed in tensely drawn lines of care. — 'I shall go over tomorrow to Fair Oaks, and pay good-bye there. Does Gordon know all yott have told me ? 'No,' said Orton, 'for I watched him closely, and I even suspected him, till now, of some complicity in Egbert Neill's murder.' ' Wait for me here then, quietly at the hotel till I return,' said Maxwell ' I will,' said Orton, 'as I must see Baron De Brissao of the French Le gation.' To be Continued. 