THREE MEN IN A BOAT. THE CRUISE OF THE MOONBEAM. {Logged by Tub Oiucms ) The Canvasser Ruggoi-tcd it; I couourred ; the Visitor (wid be was in the hands of Providence. The three of us carried it out — at least ?we attempted it. The Canvasser was to be captain. Not that he had any special qualifi cations for the post beyond the fact that he reckoned a canvasser ought to know something about sails. Neither the Visitor nor myself bad even that much to recommend as for the position. If possible we knew even less about a boat than the captain, so we agreed to be the jolly jolly crew and obey orders, provided — well, provided. So we had the boat provisioned for a week and away we went down the Dsrwent. The yacht had no name when we started ; bnt going down the river the Visitor chris tened her the Moonbeam — said it was a nice name and would distin guish our craft from Lord Baassey's Sunbeam when we got to foreign ports. That yacht had a different name before we reached onr desti nation; she (made it herself — at our expense. 1 As we had long since worked oat onr sentences we were not interfered with by the authorities as Adown the river we did glide, Beyond the Iron Pot. The Visitor sans; most of the way down. He said it was glorious to be a good sailor. Tlie Canvasser smiled ; I said nothing. I was very busy trying to master the details of the rigging. The Canvasser was kind enough to explain that the jib sheets weren't the jib halyards, but when I wanted to know wbore was the sense of calling two similar pieces of rope different names he ordered me aloft for insubordina tion. I didn't go. Rounding the Iron Pot a squall struck ns below the belt. We weren't expecting it from that quarter either. The Visitor sud denly stopped singing The Cau vasser pat his helm hard-a-port and yelled to me to lower the mainsail. I crawled along the deck and let go the peak halyards. 'That's the wrongrope, you blamed idiot '.' shouted the Can vasBer above the roar of the squall. That was no time to argue the point, so I searched diligently and at last found the right bit of string and oast it loose. But the sail only came down a few inches and stuck — it wouldn't bndge and inch. The sails flopped and threshed in the wind and the Moonbeam began to do a barn dance. The Canvasser said some very big hot words in a rapid tone,butl didn't quite catch his meaning. He looked threateningly at me through the spray, but I knew he dareu't leave the tiller to do me bodily injury. I pulled and tugged at the blessed rope bat it wouldn't shift. Perhaps I didn't pull very hard ; you see I had to hang on to the mast with one hand. Besides I wasn't feel ing very well just then. All the time the Canvasser kept yelling at me in broken French or something, but I was deaf to all entreaties and impervious to all curses. Strange how deaf a man gets when he is nt sea in a storm. Bat I beard the angry captain yell at the Visitor to go and help me. The Visitor came along the hatchway on all fours, and together we pulled at those halyards. But the rope only jammed the tighter. ' Go aloft and cjst it free,' screamed the Canvasser to the Visitor. 'What does he say P' asked the Visitor. 'Go aloft;' I repeated the order. 'Go aloft,' murmured the Visitor in a tired and stricken voice, while his face turned ashen grey. 'Go aloft, is it? I'm going below.' And he half crawled, half fell down the hatch way and moaned in agony. In was now man to man. Two desperate men, one the captain, nnd the other the mutinous crew, were left to fight it. out on the bounding billows. I simply wouldn't climb that mast, and said so. I hadn't been tanght to climb and wami't going to act the amateur posflnm to save any blanky ship. ' Come and hold the tiller then,' otdered the Captain. I obeyed that order with alacrity and the Canvasser climbed up the rocking mast and freed the rope. Down came the sail with a run and flopped over into the water. I let go the tiller to grab at the soil and prevent it getting wet, wheu tlie blessed boat .pitched and flung the boom ronnd with a rattle. By the merest accident it missed my head, bat it struck the captain amidships and sent him overboard. At leant he would have gone over board only his foot caught in the rigging aud held him back from a watery grave. 'When he crawled back again bin language was scrip tural in the extreme, and could be plainly licnrd even hbovc the fenr ful swish of the waves and the heartrending sobs of agony that came from below decks. However, at last we managed to get a couple of reefs in the) mainsail ann stood away to windward of Betsy's Island. It wasn't a pleasant voyage for the next half hour or so. The captain held the tiller aud tried to explain to ma some more ropes and things. I hold my breath and my peace and tried to explain to myself the strange sen sations that troubled my internal arrangements. Neither of ns were very successful. ' Where are we heading for ?' I aeked, with what I flatter myself was a brave show of interest in the forbidding looking coast line. ' See that spar sticking np right ahead of us ?' aeked the Canvasser. ' Well that's all that's left of the Cape Pigeon ; she was wrecked there !' That piece of information would have alarmed me at any other time, but the wind had been gradually dying, arid I felt a good deal like it myself. The big waves rolled along 1 eily and the yacht started to per form in switchback-railway fashion. Ugh ! I can feel her adoing --f it even now. The captain prayed for wiud ; I prayed vaguely for nn earthquake ; the Visitor was past praying. He simply tossed and moaned and trit-d t.i say Europe in every Asiatic dialect he oonld re member. How that Moonbeam rolled ! The Canvasser said it was a heavy gronud swell I believed it. It was violently anti-democratic enongh to be fifty heavy ground swells. Yet the name was my sal vation, la a hazy sort of way my mind connected ground swells with slum landlords, and that suggested the word Fat re an. I had really only formed the first part of the word in my thoughts — f-a-t, fat, when — ugh ! I involuntarily said 'Europe!' in plain unmistnkable Tasmaniau language. I poured oat the vials of my wrath on the bosom of the ground swells, and democracy was avenged. Then I laughed at the surrounding universe and felt once more that life was worth living. As night closed in and Betsy's barren Island slowly slipped astern, there came another answer to prayer in the shape of a capful of wind That breeze flattened our heavy ground swell out in grand style and we ventured to think of having something to eat. The firepot whs set agoing and I managed to make some tea without falling overboard. Then we coaxed the Visitor to come aft aud feed. He came, but he didu't eat. He said it was quite enough satisfaction for him to sit still and watch the Canvas ser stoking himself. I will say this for tbe Visitor : he always likes to see otheis enjoying life. ' Grand scenery, isn't it ?' ob sprved the Canvasser cheeiily. ' We're well clear of Betsy uoiv.' 'May tbegrouud swell stay with her for ever,' prayed the Visitor fervently. It was the first joke he had attempted for ft couple of hours, so he was forgiven. Shortly afterwards the Ciuvasser remarked that be thuusht it wou'd be a dirty night. Cip!;tinB always Buy that. Also, as the wind was gradually shifting from fair to unfair, at Kast two of us would have our hands full to work the ship. The Visitor offered to stay on the bridge with the cap tain while I hai a sleep below, but the Cauvasser hinted gently that the fist watch must know the jib sheets from the iref points aud I, Sir Or»cle, did know that much. So the Visitor said he didn't wish to be in tlio way, ami, as there was not room fur three to work in com fort, he would extinguish himself temporarily in tbe in'iards of the bounding bark. ' With these tew remarks, gentlemen, I will leave you,' said the Visitor, as he disappeared head first into the darkness below deck. Night had by this lime settled down over the agitated waters of Frederick Henry Bay. The moon rose in a bank of cl$ids and made the darknesB still more weird with its dim religious light. The Derwent Light gleamed like a star dear! astern, but us the night woie on it played hide and seek with us, now above, now below the heaving horizontal wavei. Then ir. dis appeared altogether, Laving a sense of loneliness in onr hexrte and ?HIM prompting the Canvasser to tell me strange storiesof strange soaa to p&BB; the time away. The Visitor snored a painful accompaniment below. At midnight the moon broke away from its veil of black and sailed away upwards through the flowing maws' tails and mottled white clouds which dappled the sky. The dancing foam-tipped waves gleamed and glistened in the fitful moonlight and huge black shadows chased each other across the wooded hills and rock-strewn headlands tbut formed the coastline. It was a splendid night for ghosts. ' Do you think we are likely to meet a pirate this voyage P' I asked the Canvasser. The man at the tiller only said : ' Look out !' I looked away to windward and saw a magnificent scud coming for ns across the bay at racing speed. Wo set to woi k to get a reef in, bat before the gaff was half-way down the squall was on us and the Canvasser yelled : ' Haul her up again, we're on a lee shore !' Holy smoke ! so we were. The i ockR seemed to be within 100 yards of us, and the wind was driving us closer every second. Bnt we dodged the danger. Just how it would take too long to tell. The Canvasser bad somehow lost his bearings iu the night. We managed to gain shelter nnder an island — Sloping Island I tnink the skipper culled it. Eventually we sloped away from it and headed for Taranua. Steering by the white hotel we got into the harbor there without miming against Woody Inland, but it was a close shave. At 3.30 Sunday morning we dropped anchor opposite tho jetty. The folks at the hotel were still sleeping the sleep of the Peninsula. The captain turned in for a well- earned rest. The Visitor roused himself with an early morning song, and he and I took tbe dingey and went fibbing. The fish we caught and didn't catch, and our subsequent thrilling adventures on and off Tasman's PeninsuK will be told another time. 