Protestant Testimony to a Scottish Saint. The following testimony was paid by the Rev. Dr. M'Gregor, a leading light in the Protestant Churoh in Scotland, and a man widely respected for his deep knowledge, to the memory of St. Serf and companions, on the occasion of the dedication of a ohurch (ProteBtant) to his honor at Goldenacre. We publish it not merely as a sign of the times, but aleo as an excellent testimony—even from anti-Catholic sources—of the work of the early missionaries in Scotland. In the course of his remarks Dr. M'Gregor said :—" The Churoh of St. Serf, Goldenacre, in which for the first time we worsnip God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, may be called a daughter of St. Cuthbert's, ' the oldest foundation of any Church in Scotland.' It is situated within the bounds of the parish, and has been reared with the sanction of its kirk-session, and under the authority of the Presbytery of Edinburgh. After very careful consideration, the committee who have undertaken its emotion have wisely deoided that it shall bear the name of an eminent Scottish saint. No words can express the debt which we Scottish people of to-day owe to the brave and holy men who in tikis dearland fought and won the first' battles of Christianity againat heathendom more than a thousand years ago. Among those Scotch worthies few names stand higher than that of St. Serf. To the study of his life, my lite friend, Dr. Skene, the greatest Gel tic scholar of Scotland in his time, devoted the resouroes of his unrivalled scholarship. He holds' •St. Serf to have been the oontemrColnmba, and the ninth Abbot of Iona, Oy tf Odainnan, the gnat biographer of who died in 704.' Aeoording to the aaoient 1 Vita St. Serrani,' which Dr. Skenepublldhed, Odamnan met St. Serf on Inchkeith, anjl reoeived him with great honor, and again at Lockleven. There Is the strongest evidence that in an island in that lake, St. Serf, assisted probably by Ad am nan and by Brad*, King of the Fins, founded about 700 establishments of Onldeee, the fint, or among the first in Scotland; that thenoe lie travelled hither and thither, mainly in Fife, founding churches everywhere; and that he died w Dunning, and was buried in Colross. fft outstanding fact Is this, that he did in nfl day good work for Sootland and for Christ, work whioh entitle him to the tribute in 1 this ohuroh and'on this' day we hi offer to his memory. 1 ' Sttrely this is lai " Popery" with avengeanoe. Where's 1 merY—Orthotic Timet. Professor (leotofttg): " Oxygen, gentfema* is essential to all animal existence-there oonld tar no life wittout» r Stinangeto say it w*»M iiBooferWfflftii'ia^i^^^i^iik^" BMOtat:" WMtt 4B4r-1» B 