HER GRATITUDE. The snow lay very deep that year at Clinton Beeches, and old Schoolmaster Rufford was. more feeble than usual; and, what with Maria's sewing being Interrupted, and or new milliner and dressmaker having set up at Beech village, times weve very hard. ."You must get me some more wood, Billy," she snld to her little brother. "The lire near ly went out this morning when you were .at . , aehool, and the sriow.'was too deep'for me' to" Set out to the jyood-ptle,"; . . y . yv;-''- V', '. Wood-pile's alt gone, ", /sail Billy, .bltlhgy a- eemiclrcular piece out iOl' -his - bread— "been , gone for a week." f" ' - ' . !/ i "Gracious me!" cried poor Maria, ."And | where lias all the wood come, from that we've | been burning?" "I've been rlppin" the thorns off. the ghost- house fence," observed Billy. "I saw the other fellows doing It, so why shouldn't I? t 'And I've chopped up all the wood In the | stable." " . ' I "But, Billy, that is stealing!" said Maria, i "No, it ain't," announced Billy, with the air | Of one who fell, himself an autliqrity on the | subject. "The qld fellow that, bought the ghost-house haB sold the property to the rail way company, and they're going to lay a line Of rails right through the back garden. The j old house would have been pulled to pieces I Jong ago If folks hadn't, been afraid of the I ghost, and I may as well have a pull at it as 5 anyone else." s "I am quite sure that John Gregory will | 'lend us wood until I am able to order a.fvesli \ load, if you go down and ask him." "Here he comes now," . said, Billy, who had been flattening his nose against the window- glass. "I think you'd better borrow it your self." "Comln' this way," said he, "thought I'd Stop and Inquire how the old schoolmaster Is." "Pa's pretty feeble," sighed Maria. "He'll soon mend again onee the spring sets In," said John, encouragingly. "Anything I can do for you, Maria, down In the vil lage?" "I need some more wood," said Maria, wist fully; '.'but. I ean'-t pay for It before pa's an-; hulty money comes In.' ' j > "Oh, get out!" said' John. "Pay 'for It, Indeed! When our .woodland Is sufferln'— yes,' actually sufferln' — to be thinned out. I'll send you down' a load; MaVIa. when, " "I am not a; beggar!" sold Maria Hufford, Itvllh some pride. "Woll, If you find a load left a.t your.ehod. door one o" these days, you'll know what it means," said lie. "Don't you want to ride down the road a piece, Maria? I'm going to the ghostliouse." ; V "To the ghosthouse!" said Maria Rufford. "What for?" ' . "After , a big mahogany chair that was left therq,". said. John. ; Void. Dawfori. is a curiosity collector, and he's bought It, Tor a Sound. He's got me to tAke it to the station. He's g-oih' to send it down to a place In Lon don where they expect to sell It for much, more.. I'm told folks are going clean crazy about such old thing's."; . A "Hallo!" ciiled Billy,- jumping down from the window-seat. "We burned, up that chair, Maria, the day you wanted the oven hot last week." . ' ' He turned a somersault out of ' the room, and poor Marld, . with, downcast .eyes and burning cheeks, was forced to explain the whole thing to John Gregory. . .."Well,, if, this, Isn't; a-, fix," said .that indl?' vl'duail with a long, low whistle. "How am iVto Teteh- the big- chair /down' to: the railway station,, If -there'e none/io. /fetch?" ./ - , "Ph, John, John, .what . shall .we, do?" groaned poor Maria, ' "Do you suppose' one of grandmother Ilufford's old chairs would do as well? There's half a dozen of them that have .stood there ever since 1 was a child. They're dreadfully old-fashioned." And. the result of the Inspection was that one of grandmother Rufford's high- shoulder ed old chajrs was cheerfully brought down stairs and lifted Into John's cart. John Gregory came up again within a weelc or two. "Well, Maria," said lie, "I've got a cus tomer for another o' them old chairs. There's a lady In London has seen that one and offer ed five pounds for It, but It was bespoke. So when old Dawton told ine of it, says I, 'I know where I can get auother of the same pattern, or as near like It as can be.' Says he, 'Send It to my shop, then." And If you're will- in' to sell It on those terms " The old Rufford chairs were brought oqt of their dim receptacleB In the garret- .and sold, one by one, to eager dilettanti— a battered old wardrobe was "fixed up" by John Gregory, and a spindle-legged, table followed close and hard upon It, until Maria's woodpile and flour barrel were replenished, a new carpet was bought for Grandfather Rufford's room, and the rent and the grocer's bills were trium phantly paid. "It's as If we'd found a bag of gold," said Maria, with tears In her eyes. "And It's all your doings, John."' "If you're really so grateful to me " "Well?" , "Tliere's/a way you might show It." "I can't think what you mean, John." "Well, it's not for lack of explaining It," sighed the faithful John. "I want you to marry me, Maria. Isn't that plain enough?" "Oh, John! When you know I ean't leave pa!" "Well, then. ISt mo come here to Jive, I've, no wish to , part you ftpm your father." . "Well— John— If pa. Is yvllllng— John rose, quietly but resolutely— he grasp ed the vegetable pan and lifted.. It carefully, oft the fire. f "John," cried Maria, "what are you going to do?" "To klES you, Maria." "But, John, the potatoes aren't.done!" "Let the potutces wait," said John. "I've waited long enouala" / ' 