Established August 1841. l- 4hI Sorutad izaaitan, With which is inorporated dhe I xrtlt d tirror. Peblishe at ortelandEvery Mnda , Wed ne day, and Friday Erering. FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899. A DRUNK. - Another unfrtntnate placed himself in the position of being compp1leeIko appear before the Beach yesterday morning on a charge of being drunk and disorderly. Dr. Levis, J.P. presided,and after hearing the evidence SC f ibbTbhrne recorded fine of THE ELECTIONS.--The ratepayers oat the South Riding will observe elsewhere that Mr. D. Kennedy, who retires by effluxion of time, is again a candidate for the seat at the Council table for the South Riding. Mr. Kennedy has had three years' experience, and has proved to be a most desirable councillor, being a regular attendant and quite prepared to take his share of the responsibilities of the office. From what is now known there is every appearance that the three retiring members of the Shire will be allowed a walk over. In the Dorough there are indications of contests. Mr W. Bennett, who has proved himself well worthy of the position of councillor, has stated he will not be a candidate-a de cision that will be generally regretted- but the burgesses are apparently not to be placed in the position this year of having to hunt up candidates at the last moment, for in our business columns two new aspirants to municipal honors, Messrs. H. Goldsmith and B. Davis, both well- known residents of the town, intimate tiat their services are at the disposal of the ratepayers. Mr W. Hanlon stated at the council meeting on Wednesday that he would again offer himsif, while Mr Gray's services will be available it wanted. It is rumored that at least one other candidate will be nominated, but it is premature to men tion names now. FEDERATION MEMENTOES. - Mr W. Hanlon, Mayor, stated-at the last meet ing of the Borough Council that he pur posed presenting the councillors and officers with a silver medal in remem brance of the late Federation vote, but same had not arrived. While passing the Post-office the Mayor opened his private box and found the medals there. An adjournment was made to the Gordon Hotel when as many council lors as were present received one of the medals. CIURCH ANNIVERSARY.-Wa ask our readers to remember that the anniver sary of the Wesleyan church will be cele brated by special sermons by the Rev. Thos. Collins, and special hymns by the choir on Sunday. The subjects are " A Live Church, and "Does Religion Pay." PRESENTATION. - At Lilydale, on Wednesday, July 26, a complimentary dinner and presentation was given to Mr D. Kay, J.P,, by a number of the leading residents of the town and district. AIr. Kay, who is to be married this week, was presented with a marble clock. ORCHARD PESTS. - As previously stated, Mr Adcock, the officer from the Agricultural department re-visited this town last week to see that his in structions given on a former visit were C1r ried out, He expressed himself as pleased on a whole with the work done, and de sired us to state that those who purposed taking steps to clean their trees, that now was the very best time to act. THE CASTERTON HAWKER'S AFFRAY. -At the Warrnambool Criminal Court on Tuesday, before Mr Justice Hood and a jury of 12, a Hindoo hawker named Mundah Singh was charged with inflict ing grievous bodily harm on a fellow countryman named Issah Singh. Evi dence was given that six Hindoos were assembled in a mill at Casterton, when the accused struck Issah Singh on the head sith a piece of wood, causing con cussion of the brain, followed by fits. Accused was found guilty and sentenced to 12 months imprisonment. WiND BouNo.-Yesterday a smal ketch run into the bay and dropped anchor. She is the Florence Maud, 23 tons, Mr G. Bennett, master, from Launceston to Adelaide, with a cargo ot potatoes and timber. She left on the 28th July, and experienced moder ate weather and smooth sea throughout the passage. She put in here owing to there being a head wind after rounding Cape Bridgewater. FLUCKY FEAT BY A MOUNTED RIFLE MAN,-Some sensation was caused in Main-street, Sale, on Wednesoay. A horse, attached to a light buggy, in which was seated a litte boy, bolted, and was going at a furious pace up t? street when MIr R. Clulow, a m ?r .e street m! , er of the Victorian Blounted Rifles, goed up alongside the vehicle, red whist at full gallop jumped 97- his saddle into the buggy, seize4 .ne reins, and soon had the bolting aorse under control. REPORTING VESSELS.,--In a recent issue we noted that the custom of re porting vessels entering, the bay was not being ciried out at the local signalling station, and felt that atl that was re quired was a brief wish that such should be done in future; Yesterday morning a strange vessel was seen entering the bay without displaying her distinguishing number, and although signals were run up asking same from the shore, no notice was apparently taken of them. Mr Hunter, on enquiry, found that before leaving Launceston it was impossible to obtain a code of signals, hence the regu. lations not beming obeyed. ARCHDEACON ALLNUTTr.-The follow ing is taken from the Chdistchurch "Press," of July 59:-Many who re member with pleasure the sojourn of the Venerable Archdeacon Allnutt, of Port land, Victoria, in Christchurch, when he exchanged pulpits with the Rev. H. C. MId. Watson, will hear with gratification that in appreciation of his long services in his own parish, extending over 30 years, and said to be a record in the Melbourne diocese, he is to be presented with a valuable testimonial by his parish ioners who are also making arrangements to fittingly celebrate the occasion. The testimonial will be presented as a mark of high appreciation with which the Archdeacon is regarded. I'ISHERMEN'S UNIosN.-The following is the statement of accounts for the Portland Fishermen's Union for the year just ended:-Receipts, £29 gs 6d; expenditure, £~2 s6s; funds on hand, £9 25s od. The members' list totalled 75, fourteen. having been admitted, and three ceased membership,. during the year. A "GaosT."-Those whose business called them to the vicinity of the Ham ilton road late on Thursday night last or, rather, early on Friday morning-.. sustained (says the Port Fairy 'Gazette") a serious shock to their nerves upon per ceiviang a strangely attired (?) figure gliding through the paddocks, clothed in the lhght of the amoa-and i very little else. The apparition was seen by several people, but all gave it a wide berth, and it was not until after daylight that the mysterious presence was explained. It appears that one of the patients at the Hospital, during a fit of delirium, suc ceeded in evading the watchfulness of the individual who was supposed to be looking after him, and, getting through a window which he opened, he made his escape from the ward, clad in nothing but his shirt. He was almost imlue. diately missed, but the closest investiga. tion failed to discover any trace of tlis wherabouts, The search was kept up throughout the night, but it was not until after daylight the ne;'t morning that the master heard of the ghost being ob. served in one of the Daddccks at the back of the institution, and at one inden. tified it as his missing patient. No time was lost in getting the old man back to his bed, and, strange to say, notwith. standing that the night was a particu larly frosty one, the old fellow suffered no Ill effects from his exposure. VOTERS' CERTIFICATES.- At least three months will elapse before the certi. ficates are ready for voters at Thursday's referendum poll. The design provides for inserting the portraits of the Premiers of the colonies whose people accept the constitution. The Queensland poll will not be taken till 2nd September, and then it may be desirable to wait a few weeks to see what the people will do in Western Australia, The certificate will be turned out in a manner that will be well worthy of framing and preservation. BUGGY ACCIDENT. - Mr W. T. C. Harrison, the well-known builder and contractor of Hamilton, met with a seri ous accident last Friday, which will disable him from attending to his busi ness for some time. Mr Harrison was on his way to WVeerangourt, where he has the contract for building a house and having just passed through a gate he left the buggy standing on a siding at an angle of about 45 degrees, while he closed the gate. On trying to get into the buggy on the lower side, his not inconsiderable weight would have pulled the buggy over on top of him, and to avoid this he allowed himself to fall. He was lying there for some time in great agony before he was found and re moved to his home. Dr. Hayes was called in and he found that the arm on which he fell was much bruised and swcllen, and it is feared that some ribs are broken, probably where his arm pressed on then;, and the whole of his side is bruised. He is progressing fav. ourably,-" Spectator." FEDERATION IN QUEENSLAND.-A Brisbane telegram says :-Mr Chataway, the Minister of Agriculture, who re:urned on Monday from a tour through the northern portion of the colony says that the people there are wholly in favour of. federation. The supply of fat cattle at the WVarr nambool market on Wednesday wes 55 A fourth of the number consisted of middling to good bullocks, and three foarths of cows of the same description, Ihe market opened quietly at figures under recent rates, but improved with the progress of sales, though, except for prime, last week's values were never quite reached. Messrs. Trumper, Jones, \Vorrall, Kelly, Iredale, Howell, Darling and Gregory, will be passengers by the Orient Co.'s R.M.S. Oruba. leaving Marseilles on September S. Major Wardill and the other members of the team will re turn by the R.M.S. Ormuz, leaving a fortnight later. Several prominent WVarrnambool resi, dents are urging the townspeople to establish industries such as woollen and hat mills, etc,, in Warrnambool, one of the chief arguments used being that wit',' the accomplishment of federation there will be a market throughout Auc railea and consequently every pr spect of achieving success. A me'g is beig convened to discuss the .tng is being WOLFE'S R, project. \- CHNAPPS Is the combined - technical " . esult of patient reearch and men, woe- .ledge. It is boon alike to * .- and children. 