V A Woman's Wiles, ' —OR—- ; How a HuBband was Won. . , ; CHAPTER XXXVIII, ' NOW, WHEN AVILL YOU MAURY MK, nosn ?' .. riiillip lind . been lurking in the grounda ov- r an hour. He vas watch ing for a glimpse of the girl ho loved bo' madly', but willi no thought of in truding; upon her at present.' lie knew that tho downger oountess was just deatl, find he' ivna fco llnhnv in his own prospects that he could afford t - wait a suitable timo to hob Rosamond «nd toll her; his glad, good hows — that his une'e hud forgiven liim ,n.nd taken him back;; that he had con sented to their marriage, 1 1 wa3 true. Douglas Shofton, the uncle, had been 'very fond of tlie girl whosjo heart had broken at his nephew's desertion of her. -ln his iii st hot wrath ho had sworn ho: would-. never.' forgite him. But with reilectrori geh'tler 'thoughts came.' He' was his yonngost arid best^ loved, eisters's onljr soii, and he' knew what -madness love ;was in young blood. His heart had; already ; begun to ' eoften when Phillip presented himself,, a ? humble petitioner' once more-to- be -forgiven. ?- - Douglas Shaf ton etnred at him as if he had been a ghost. He would scarcelyhave known hiiin, he was so changed. ? The bloodless face; the sunken eyes, gleaming fiercely from ' their cavernous sockets, the nervous, restless manner, and the thin, shaking hand' that could not be still,' arid- was hot and cold by flashes. All the. hardness that was left' in his heart departed from that moment. ' My poor boy,' he said, putting him in a chuir,. ? ' Who has done this : to youP Has that little painted; demon — has Lady Rosamond jilted yt-u after all ?' - ' Oh, no, no,'1 he gasped, breathless ! with joy, at bis uncle's kind words. ''She'te true— -'she-loves ihe still; Bhe has waited for'me'| she jciould marry one fur above me, and far worthier of her than I nm, but she will not. I could not marry her -with nothing to live upon. 7- We can be married any day, uncle,' if you will but take me baok. I know I have done wrong, that I have behaved shamefully, but, oh, sir, if yciu knew how I love her, how she fills my soul and being ! I can die — I am dying, I - believe, . of despair. 1 cannot live without her, and- that is all'I. have to say.' ' He buried his pallid face in his shaking hands. Douglas Shafton wulked across the room and back again before he spoke, before he' could cominand his voico. or control the rtear's' that, filled his eyes at sight of the wreck' before him. Suddenly he paused beside 'him. ' Phillip^-' he Buidy ' T forgive you I welcome you back to my heart, to bo all and'moise to hie than ever you W6rf-. You may marry that woman, .too, if nothing else will content you' ? ; He stopped speaking suddenly with a sharp ory. Phillip 'Shafton had slipped froin his chair to the flo.ir, like one dead. He -fainted with joy. But joy does not often kill. He'lny very ill for a time ; then he rnllied, like a-miraele, as it were,- and in -listed on goiiig iit once to' toll Lady' Rosa mond the news, and hero he was. But he had no intention , of., going into Sherwood; House that night. He knew that deatii frttB there. He would not have troubled'Lady Rosamond had she not; come out f but the hand of fate was'on her, and sent her forth :to take one more step towards that awful reckoning-that was r.ow so near. : Phillip saw- her from his hiding place among 'tlie ' trees, and' came hurrying, engrrly 'towards her,- his dark eyes like.' btars, the delicate, statuesque oeauiy orms luce idealized' in the faint starlight to more than its usual 'pe'rtectness It was odd how a few daj-a ; of happy anticipations had fillod 'out the hollows; in his cheeks, and takon.thCcavenibus look' from ilia eyes. ' Such heart as selfish, mercenary, heartless Lady.RoBamond owned had always- cared more for ' Huudsome Phil,' as his friends called him, than for any one elite. If Phil Shafton had been in Lord Sherwood's, place, her happiness would had been' complete. i Lven now, as- 'her . old' ' lover ca,me. forward, his dark, oj-e's-ihiriintr, '.his face liico 'a' picture, her heart beat, hor lips trembled, in spite of her. V Phil's voice was hoarse with escifernent. ii's' he spoke, taking \ lier in h}6 ariiis' whelhor she would or no. ' My darling.-my darling,' he mur mured, ' do I see you at last ! I did not darer to hope it to-night,' though I was writchirig for a gliiiipse/aml pray ing Heaven to be kind.'' ? Lady Rosamond clung to Phillip pussionately a moment. ? She could not help it. This warmth and idola try of affection wus such a contrast to her cold betrothal. Then -she1 remem bered, antl a'niost tore herself fr-.m his eriibrace in an agony of fear. What if she had. been seen? Why even'LortV Slier wood himself might be out in the grounds somewhere, though she new he wus not likely to be at Bueli an hour as this. . She threw a sharp, frightened glance about' her. No one was iu sight except themselves. Phil drew her u little farther into the .shadow of the trees in the park. His arm lingered as of right about her form. - Ilis whole being wus assured, beam ing. His face seemed, glorified , with joy _ ' Can hio undo 'hayo, - consented Ludy UoBainond wolidered, with a strtingo mingling of emoiio'ap, ' It 'B possible.' . ' ' But it wap, Tie told h»r that his uncle had received liiiii into favour again, lie was to be his hoir. He ioom'onted to tlie marriage, and had proitfised to allow; tliem a thousand u year. ' Lndy . Rosamond's red lips 1 curled involuntarily. ; A thousand a year ! What richea iit had seemed to hor once. What :povbrty it lotiked to her now, ? Why, !Lord Sherwood paid some of his aer ivan.ts more than that. 'Rose, you do not 6peak 1'' Phil exclaimed, her' Hilonce, her concealed fuco, suddenly striking him. He stooped,- and looked into her face; Something in the expression, dimly as he could, see it, struck oold to hisihcart. ' Rose !' ho cried out, sharply. Ijtidy Rosamond looked up. Phil's pyes were darkonirig stormily. ' See here, Ro-o;' he said, in a hard voice, ' you said you would marry me if my uncle took me back and made me Ilia' heir. You said you loved me more than jou did; Lord Sherwood, and that you would be my wile if my uncle iforgavo me.' He hm forgiven ine.' He' consents gladly that we shall bo hiarried. Now, when shall it.be ?' Lady Rosamond was in an agony of cowutdly and selfi-jh, terror.. She had ivot thd'Hlightoat intention of marrying him.' But slio dared -not; 'tell him ao. She. dropped her eyes, afraid to moot his lest lie sliould read her thoughts. ! ' How can you ask me such a ques tion,'.. she. said,'.. plaintively, ' when —when you know about mamma ?' Phil drew a- longjbreath, like a man throwing off a niyhtmure. ' Is that what is the matter P' he asked. ' I thought for a minute you looked as if yoli wanted to go back on me. ? And I could riot bear that now, dear. I could die easier than I could give you up. I could kill you sooner than see you belong to another.' Lady Rosamond felt, as if an icy hand was laid on'her heart, 'I must go in/' she said, nervously. ' I daro not stay longer out here.' 'What are you afraid ef ?' ho asked, suspiciously. ? ' That Lord Sherwood will see you?'1 ' Oh no, not that, of course. But what would anyone think to see mo out here with you,' and poor mamma lying there so ?' ' Biic do j-ou love me, Rose ?' ' You know 1 do.1' ' Sometimes '1 think you do— some- times I doubt it. God knows I thought it when I came horo to-night,'' he said passionately, ' or ! should never have come. I thought you would be half crazed with joy to hear that I was al right with my uncle again.' '- I am glad, Phil,' she answered, trying to Bpeak warmly. He frightened -her when he got excited tliiB way. ' And you love 'me ?'. ' Yes— oh yes.' - . ' Hut you don't say it as if you meant it.' Ros imond sighed; '-?? ' Oh, dear, how ^llall. I pay it ? I am ulmoat fjick, Phil. I have been with poor mamma almost constantly for- tho last two week.' 'My darling 1 Am I hard on you.? Tell nie once more that you love *me.' 'I lovo you, Phil,'' she said, meekly. '? Better than you- do Lord Sher wood P' ; 'I hnte Mm.' 'That was true, iat any rate. Phil Shafton almost orushed her in his arms for saying it. ? ,f \Vhen will you marry me, Rose?'* he added next. Oh, if she. had only dared to tell the truth again and say ' Never.' But she did not'. ' Not very soon,' alio said ; and see ing his countenance change-, added, ' You know it could not be soon now.' ' ''Why not P' ' It would' not be proper.' ; ' Oh, hang propriety !'' he said, irritablv. ' 'How long - must we wait ?' ' ' r::--r ; 'It would never answer under a year, at any rate.'' ; ' -A. year !'? Jhe . exclaimed, almost fiercely. ' Yoii might as well soy : never.- Do.you-think, after all I have suffered on your account, that I will endure a wholo year more of such sus pense and uncertainty?' ? '? Never mind;- wo won't decide it now,', she said, . femporizingly. 'I am going away from here to-inorrow.' 'I am glad, of that. Have you broken with Lord Sherwood, Rose {'' 'Not yet,'1 she anBWGred, looking away. ' But you will.' ' ' Yes, .1 suppose bo.' 'When?' ; ' As soon as I can manago it, Phil. Suoh thinffa can't hordori'B in n. Im rrv.'' ; Phil Shafton bit. His lipsj.. and his eyes lipditenod.sfivageTy. Lady Rona 'inond did hot aee^iti... ... ' . ' I must go in now/' she said. ' I have been horo mora than an lion r.' 'Shafton drew, her, into his aunt* again, a strong, stern, grasp. ' When can I fob -you again ?' 'I am going to my -brother's .house from hero. I \vill write j-ou.' ' Will you ? Truly now P' ' Of cour-.e.' He felt the insincerity of her. words, Tln*y hurt him like a ktiifo. But he would not acknowledge it., -nis very life seemed to hang on her truth. ' Put your arms round my neck, and kiss me, Hose, ' he said, at last,. God knows I neod believo in. your lovo. I feel morn like a devil than a man ! whon I doubt it.' ' Whatever happens, I must go in,' thought Rosamo..d; and suddenly putting hor ams round his neok, sho kisned him. Sho was false to him, -lie meant lobe S ;n was -deceiving him frightfully ; and all tho timo she loved him as much as it was possible for her to lore anything, and'she could;no't help thinking, .as she kissed his handsome facc, that it rriight be'for the last timo — it must boi Then with ono arm r -uiid his neck, and with one hand against his cheek, sho said j ?. ' I do love you, Phil. I am as bad as I can bo, but' l lovo. you,'' With which strange speoch she kissed him 'again, arid slipping ftom his arms, ran towards the house. Phil Shafton took two steps in pur suit, and stopped. So ne ono— a woman — was coming slowly along the walk at blw .foot of the terrace. Ilo drew back, watching hor, and wondering if. she had seen Lady Rosamond. It was', Barbara. She was in the habit of coming out at this hour, and pacing this walk for a while, because it. was retired some what, and screened from the house. She had seen Lady Rosamond. She had; seen Philip Shafto.n. She had come in full view of the pair just as they were separating, aud she was near enough to note the tenderness of that parting ombrace. Involuntarily she had stopoed for an instant-, staggered by tho ehock of seeing Ludy Rosamond in tho arms of a stranger; then she had walked on; an, angry, hulf-hup,-y thrill at hor heart. ? She wus angry at her false ness; sho could not help a swift dart ing joy,' which seemed to whisper, ' She can never expeot.to marry L .rd -herwood after this.' Swiftly as Ladv Rosamond had ddrtod by, sho had'seen Burburu, and recognised her. ' T/tat woman again P' she muttered, but liiid the self- possession ' not to. paus',', 'dat-hing oil, with the hope that Earbaru. had not, known her, or.. had not seen Phil. As she was entering the house, she met Lord Sherwood. CHAPTER XXXIX. IN TWO WEEKS. . The; narl looked' surprised at seeing Lady Rosamond. ' Have you. been out?'' he asked. ' Only for a walk in tbb ' grounds,'' she answered,, biting her lips. She was sorry he had seen her, ' If that woman tells him that she saw me out there'with Phil now, it will not be easy to deny it,'' sho thought. ' I have been inquiring for you/' tho earl said. ' I sent to your roomi. Will you oome into the music-room for 'a few moments? Your brothers are in tho library.' Lady Rosamond bent her small head coldly, and followed him. What could he want? Had the detective told him what Garth said, or was lio going to make another ap peal to her to be released from his en gagement ? ' Whatever it is/', she thought. ' I will be as hard as adamant, I will not yield. Oh, I can do anything after using Phil so. Poor Phil !' The earl placed a chair for her, but remained standing hiiimelf. ' I will not detain you long,' he said, stiffly. ' I understand that everything which belonged to your de ceased mother is yours now ?' ' Yes,' Rosamond answered, won deringly. . , ! ? '.' Those topazes ?'. . ' Yes.' ' Then I am sure' ? he began, eagerly, and paused. , ' Lady Rosa mond, if you do not prosecute her, if you refuse to appear against that old i woman at her approaching trial, she will be released.'! Rosamond's handsome faco hard ened. '? Do you think that -would be quite right, Lord Sherwood? Would it not look disrespectful for poor mamma? ' The earl coloured, then grew pale again. ' You don't believe tho woman took tlio jewels ?' : 'I don't know, I am sure. Of course, if she is innoccnt it con be proved.' ' It cannot be proved,' said the eflrl, sternly; ''and 1 am surprised that you should hesitate,- especially as you must know she is innocent.' Rosamond glanced tit him. Perhaps . she would have relented had he not emphasized that one word. T.ihii she was sore yet from tho parting with Pliil. , fTo he Continued. ) 