THE Y ATM AN MISSION. The evangelistic mission conducted by the Rev. C. H. Yetman was brought to a close last night. A fortnight ago Mr. Yatman was comparatively unknown in Hobart; he leaves here to-day) bearing with him the love and admiration of hundreds who have received benefit from his ministrations His work was con ducted under the auspices of the Y.M.C A. and the Ministers'' Association, the members of which have zealously helped to make the mission a success. The minis ten and Mr. Woolley, with his band of workers, have reason to be thankful that such satisfactory results have been achieved. Mr. Yatman possesses all the qualifications of a successful evangelist-a strong body, a fluent and impressive utterance an iron will, a firm conviction of the absolute inerrancy of Scripture and of the message he believes himself commissioned to deliver an abundant vocabulary, excellent histrionic gifts, a powerful voice, pathos, humour, emotion, so apathy. a wide command of apt illustration and imagery, and a genuine love to God and man. No religious services in this city have for years past created such a pro- found impression as those just team mated. On Monday afternoon Mr. Yatman gave an address on the doctrine of the Holy Ghost, and in the evening spoke to an audience that filled every part of the Temperance hall on his preaching to the banished lepers of Hawaii and his mission to the Ralli r s of the South African diamond fields. The Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes were displayed on the platform, and the singing of the National Anthem ei oked much enthusiasm. Yesterday the final meetings were field, when the body of the Temperance hall was well filled at 11 to hear a repetition of the address given to men only on Sunday afternoon on What comes after death.' At 3 30 the hall was crowded, and on address was given on Lott's wife Last night the audience begun to assemble fully an hour before the time fixed for beginning the service, the building being packed for some time before the appearance of the evangelist, stand- ing room was at a premium, and the hundreds who could not find access to the bull were accommodated in the Melville street Wesleyan Church, where a service was conducted by Rev. H. Henwood Teague, Mr Yeatman Icav ing the hall for a brietporiodtogiveanaddress Mr Yatman, after comprehensively thanking all who had directly or indirectly helped him in his work in Hobart, asked would they pray for him-not bunched with others, but for himself? He hoped they would all go to Heaven but by way of America, and if they called on him," and said the word "Tasmania," he would give them half he possessed. Rev. G. V, Slim p then took charge of the meeting during Mr. Yatinan's temporary absence. Mr Cunningham, having made some announce merits, stating, amongst other things, that the offerings of that day were for Mr. Yatman himself, and, a substantial collection having been taken up, Mr. G. S. Crouch, President of the Y.M C.A., addressed the meeting, testifying, on behalf of the association, appreciation of the work done, and stating that the results of the mission had dispersed flic depression that fell upon him because of the apparent non success of the Gospel. Mr. YATMAN", in his farewell address, said be wanted every one in the hall to seek the assurance that from that moment they had the presence of God in their hearts. He had come to Hobart to make bad men good, and good men better He trusted that there would be many there that night who would be homesick for Heaven. His address throughout was a deeply impressive appeal. At the close large numbers of the people flocked forward to shake hands with him, and the proceedings terminated. Mr. Yuluma leaves To begin a mission at Launceston to day 