A repentant ghost. u So you actually bolievo in ghosts ?' re marked Charlie Bcavers.interrogativelv,with au amount of flippancy in bis tone, and nu atnused smile ou bis rather boyish f ace, to his elder and | more sedate friend Uobeit Fordcr, as they s»t ! together in the former's comfortablu bachelor rooms oue evening towards the close of tbe last month of the year, discussing a choice bleud of whisky (judiciously commingled with potass), and blowing curly bluo wreaths from unim peachable cigars. 44 1 am bound to belitvo iu tbem/' replied tbe other iu all seriousutss. 44 What P Do you mean to say tbat you have seen ono ?'' ' .uecideuiy ; 1 may say 1 almost owe my wife to a Spook.' 41 Come. I say, old man, draw it a little mild 1' 44 I'll tell you tbe story if you like. But mind, I very rarely ineution tbe subject. I don't care about it talked about auy where and everywhere. You understand ?' 11 Perfectly,' said Chariie, all eagerness for I tbe recital. 44 Go ahead, I'll be as mum ae j a-a-a what's its name.' 44 Well, you must know before I secured (through the influence of my fathsr-iu-lawj my present position us manager of tbe bunk herr, 1 wob pursuing tbe calliug of an eccountant iu Curchester. After three years' hard labour I began to feel ray feet and think I might venture to ask a certain young lady to share my future lot. 1 was tolerably sure that I should meet with no rebuff from my darling, but there was a stern pareut to be reckoned with. 44 I had mude tbo acquaintance of Mr. Matthew Turnover, head of tbe respected aud old crusted bankieg-house ? of Turnover Bro thers, and Cbeckweil, through ordinury business j intercourse, and we became iu time on quite I intimate terms. I frequently speut my Sun days at his charming residence iu the park He bad au only daughter, Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I put the uiomcutous question to the dear girl aod achieved the success I plead guilty to have beeu vain enough to auticipate. 44 Then followed tbe inevitable interview with papa. He evinced uo surprise when 1 told him my tale, as many fathers do after boiog themselves tho prime movers iu bringing two impressionable young people together. He was straightforward enough. Told me, al though be had certainly cherisbod more ambi tious views fur bis ouly child, it was not kis in tent iou to try to enforce his ideas if they were likelv to interfere with Iiis ilmifrli. 1 ter's happiuens. Still, he was bound to consider the important qucs* lion of ways and means, and though he admitted I had made rapid and substantial progress iu my profession— if such it could be called— ho at the same time did not cousidce the income I was then earning sufficiently large to justify me in taking upon myself tbe res ponsibility of a wife and probable contingencies. ?' He wouod up by saying : 14 4 Although Eleauor, as you know, is an ouly child, she will not materially beaelit through mo ou her marriage, as it is my fixed intention to withdraw no sum of consequence numiuounuiv. «tjr ouaio w tuojuums-w cept so much of it as I require to live upon — remains in the concern until my time comes for quitting this world, then, of course, Eleanor will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But, God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may reasonably luok forward to ten or fifteen yrars longer of useful life. My advice tberet'oro to you, is go ou working as you have done hither to, and, iu three years say, you cau broach tbo subject again, and if Elly should be still iu lhe same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps see if matters canuot be arranged. In the meantime, there will be — at all events ou my part — no difference in our friendship ; there's my band upon it.' 44 You may guess I did not feel extravagantly jubilant over the urrangemeut. Three years seemed an awful long time to wait. But I had the fullest faith in Eleanor's constaucy. How ever, I will get on to tbe finish; 1 don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. ?' About eight months had gone by, wbeu one dry in the middle of December, Sir. Turnover hastily entered my unpretentious oflice. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was some moments after being seated that he wus able to speak. 44 I anxiously inquired if be were ill, or was anything wrong at homo P 44 4 No— no oue ill,' he said, slowly. 4 The bank has been robbed.' 44 4 Robbed I' 1 exclaimed. 4 Phew I Have tbe thieves beeu caught ?' . 14 4 You don't understand. The robbery is from inside. Tbe chief cashier.' 44 4What ! Biadley P* I cried, iu the greatest astouisbineut. 14 The peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea er, regular chapel-goer, and I don't kuow i*hnt. liPflwtru 44 4 Ay ! The Rmooth-tougued hypocrite, : said Mr. Turnover, with considerable empba*U 4 And he's got a gcod twenty-four hours' start He was away on short leave.' 44 4 What is the amount ?' I at-ked. 44 4 A very considerable sum in convertibli securities unfortunately. Anythiug like tbt exact amount, however, is not yet known. Thai is mainly why I have come to you.' ' 4 4 To me ?' 44 4 Yes. I want you to come to the bank and go through the books— his books, you knu* — as expeditiously as possible. We wish to keep the affair seoret— that is, as loug as possible. Will you come ?' ?' Aud Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously ' Then thinking, prrhaps, 1 seemed to hesi tate, he added, sigsiflcantly, 4 It may be worth yi ur while.' 44 4 I am at your service, Mr. Turnover,' I in ttUntly replied. 4 When do you wish rae to be ?' 44 4 To- night. Are you willing to work Into ? I mean, in fact,all oigbt if neoessary f Will you do me tbis favour ?' 44 4 You may command me in any way you like, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an idea (lasted across my mind that I might decide to ask a favour of bim iu return ufter th- sinnnvinit htmincRa was oycp uml with. 44 My future father in-law rose from his si ut, saying : ' ? I am very pleased you have consented to belp uie so readily, because we can rely upon your discretion and absolute silence.' 1 bowed. ?? 4 Then meet me in Duke- street, by tbe Cosmopolitan Holel, at six sharp, and we will uo to the bauk together.' 44 1 was ut tbe place appointed just is the firs.t stroke of the hour rang out on tbe ch ar frosty air, and was almost immediately joined by Mr. Turnover. 41 As soon as we were seated in the bank par lour Mr. Turnoverhindcdme a letter, remarking that the missing Bradley had caused it to be de'ivi red in a somewhat mysterious msuner ? ♦ Wheu I read tho uote Mr. Turnover asked my (.pinion of it. I said : 14 'The fello .vis cool certainly, but 1 iufer from what ho writis— if it is the truth, of course that th(re has been nosystematicembezzlcment going forward for some lime ; that, ia fact, he committed the theft in a sudden fit of tempta tion. I see be mentions sixty- tight thoinond.' ' 4 Yes, that is quite enough without the probability of moie having to he added to it. I trust your surmise will turn out correct. Let us get to work without delay.' ?« We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond those al ready known. This was so far satisfactory that Mr. Turnover confessed he felt much relieved aud suggested an adjournment to a neighbour ing first-class hotel— his club b^ng too far away— to recruit exhausted nature. 14 We were let out by the bank caretaker through a small sido door, aqd told him to re main up till we returned. 44 Having doue justice to au excellent little cold soack, washed down by a bottle of vt ly excellent port, I told my companion there was no need whatever for him to go back to the bank with me, as I could do well enough with out him- at all events for the remaiuder of that oigbt. He assented, telling me not to stay very late, 44 When I KOt to the bank. I set to mv tusk with renewed vigour, still failing to discover extended evidence of «uilt in the absconding cashier's book. By tbis time, although the night was cold outsido, the room I was workiug in begau, by reason of tho many gas jets burn ing, to grow uucomfortably warm, t begau to feel drowsy, aud at a quarter-past twelve by the small clock on the mantelpieco, I dropped into an inviting easy chair, aud felt oxlremely like dropping as well into a prolonged doze, but us I had uo intention that way, I struggh d against tho inclination by raising my heavy eye* lids at frequent iutervals, 44 1 heard a neighbouring church clock boom forth the midnight hour, and, opeuing my eves, was just on the point of rising from my com fortable position with tho inteution of resuming work for another half hour, wheu I saw some uuiug funk uewrreu ine ; tcopc me, in incr, Hpell bound in my seat. There, right before me a few yards away, appeared tho spectral form of Westcott Bradley, the defaulting cashier. 44 There was a sad — I might almost dcscriho : it as a chastened look ou tbe ghaatly fac.) as though the spirit was experieucing profound coutrition for some misdeed the body bad com mitted during life. 44 1 once more closed my eyes, thinking that when I looked again tbe thing would have van ished. But no ! There was the thadoivy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent arm raised, the fhshless band with its bony lingers beckoning me to follow. It re minded me of Hamlet and tho ghost on tho castle ramparts, only I assure you I feln precious little like the impetuous Priuce ; I required no holding back. I tried to speak, but the words I framed with my dry lips were) inaudible even to myself. Ae soon as the 3hadti reached the open door leadiog into tbe maia room, I arose mechanically as though impelled! by some unseen oowe-r. and wrnt with breath after tbe still slowly retreating apparn tion. It coutinucd to wave ite ghostly baur? until the massive iron door which led to thtl vault below, whf re the bullion aud securitie* were kept in huge safes, or rather stroug room?, was reached. 1 quite expected to see tbe fiauu« melt away iu tbe orthodox mauner. But u trifling obstruction of this kiud was no barrier# to the melancholy spirit of tho peccant cashierl With an intense lingering last look of nuguislfc and a fiual wave of tho arm more emphatic thaw previously, it simply, as it seemed to my be wildered gaze, backcd through the solid iror* work, I can assure you 1 felt considerably re-» lieved on being rid of tho apparitiou. Furlboit work wis, of course, out of tbo question, so *. summoned the caretaker to let me out, impart-- ing uothing whatever to him regarding thefi strange experience 1 had just gone through. ,4 Next morning I called upon Mr. Turnover before he left home, aud recounted to him what* bad takeu place in his bank the night before* I was not in tbe least surprised at my story bet ing received with a smile of incredulity. 44 4 My dear Forder,' said the worthy, but un-*» believing banker, 4 you, of course, foil asleep ii^ the obair aud dreamed all this.' 44 4 Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Turnover,' I answered, warmly. * 44 Still, tho old gentleman remained uncot-- vinced. 44 4Remember,' he went on banteringly, 4 yor| had partaken of supper and wine— generous; old port P ' — ^ tTtuuiii rcasou-' able bounds, I will just say tbat by tbe time w-t had arrived at tbe bauk I had almost couviucecX Mr. Turnover that I had seen tbe ghost of lis/ delinquent servant ; and be agreed, at my re quest, tbat we should visit tLe vult togethirs, 4 though surely,' observed he, 4 you don't expecti to eucounter your sad-faced Spook again, st» , early in tbe day ? ' | 14 When we had got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to opi r^ two large upright sulr« standing against tbw wall. 44 4 Everything seems as usual,' he remarked*' after surviying the interiors 4 Your spirit ; evidently had no particular tale to unfold, even; if you had beeu able to accompany him bertf. last night,' *4 4 Why did it beckon to mo so earnestly in tbis dittction?' I rcinnik. d. 4 Hy ? the way,' I added quickly, as -my !-copticat companion weut about securing; tbo safes again,4 what of the big one over there to the left ; art n't you going to open that ?' 44 4 Ob,' he answered carelessly, ' that is arc old one uot iu use; has oot bet u opened, t should say, for several years. It is empty.' 44 4I suppose there is uo objection to me hav ing a peep inside ?' 44 4 Not the slightest. There is tho key on the wall there !' 44 I handed it to him, aud he at once inserted it in the lock, while I stood by ready to pull tbo massive door asidn. *4 4Dear me,' remarked Mr. '1 urnover, in sur prise, as the wards worked quite easily, 4 1 certainly expected some difficulty.' 44 I pulled at tho heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, just as if it bad beeu opeued daily with the othere. 44 Tbe next moment an txclemation of horrified surprise fell from the banker's lips, as he started back eeveral paces from before tbe front of the safe. 44 1 instantly sprang forward from bebind the ponderous door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. 44 Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected I 44 There, on the circumscribed space of ti e floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a 111* n. His face was distorted aud horribli- to look upon ! The staring eyeballs aud prottud ib? looL'ue showed how he had met a horrihln death by suffocation. 44 4 Bradley !' ' I exclaimed, as soon ns I could fiud breath enough. 44 ? Yes, it is Westcott Bradley,* said Mr. Turnover, iu a lowly, husky wL-itper. 44 There was no doubt about it. Tho sick- u iug spectacle upon which he. gazed constituted the mortal remains of the man who had be trayed the trust reposed in him by his employ ers. When lhe body came to be removed to a place to awrit tbe Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket-books containing the proceeds intact of tbe cashier's appropria tions were discovered. Go the bank really lost nothing, and 1 gained a loving wife a good deul sooner than 1 should otherwise have (tone. Mr. Turnover was kind enough to say tbat, as I had been the means of recovering tbe bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and have urver regrolted for a single moment Inking it. Nothing much was elicit* d at the inquest except the informatiou that tbo lock of tl e dis-used strong room worked spring wise, ami it wan conjectured that Brad ley, wbo had evidently been using thonafe for his own purposes, hud opcued tho door, thou bung up the key iu its uncustomed plnce, gone inside, nnd in a moment of torgetfulnc^s let the door come ou tbo spring, aud so made tl 0 receptacle for concealing his pluudtr his living tomb.' 