BISHOP MURRAY (MAITLAND) ON THE MANNING. VISIT TO WINGHAM. His Lordship Bishop Murray (ot Maitland), who is now on a visit to the Manning River portion of his charge, arrived at Wingham on Saturday afternoon last, and was the guest of Mr.- P. Sohneider. During Saturday evening his Lordship was kept very busy in examining candidates for confirmation, and hearing the confessions of the people. On Sunday morning, in the Oddfellows' Hall, he administered the Sacrament of Holy Com munion to a large number of his flock ; after which his Lordship conferred the Sacrament of Confirmation on the young aspirants, ex plaining the obligations they contracted by receiving the Holy Ghost, the third person of the most adorable Trinity. He spoke at some length of the greht love our Divine Lord has for us by instituting the Sacraments of Penance, and the Blessed Eucharist of the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. He concluded a most impressive and instructive sermon by giving bis blessing to the congregation as sembled. The altar was beautifully decorated for the occasion, with Sowers, by a number oi ladies. Mrs. Bray presided at the organ. At 5 p.m. a large congregation again as sembled for evening devotions. His Lorship gave out the Uoly Rosary. His Lordship then delivered' a most instructive discourse on the doctrine of purgatory, taking his text from the 2nd Book pf Macoabees— ' It is . a holy and whole^Sme thought to pray for the dead, that the£ may be loosed from their sins.' He showed Very clearly, from both the Old and Mew; Testaments, that there was such a place as purgatory, and that it was the duty of the people to pray always for the souls of deceased friends. There were two things to believe about purgatory. First, that purgatory existed. If they did not believe that they did not believe in tbe doc trines ot tbe Catholic Church, and discon tinued to be Catholics. Second, that the souls detained in purgatoiy were assisted by good works, prayers, alms, and above all by the Holy Sacrifice of the Masses. They, as Catholics, were bound to believe in those things. Apart from those two points the Catholic Church had not defined where it was. If he spoke of heaven they would raise their eyes upwards ; but if he spoke of hell their eyes would go down. If he spoke of purgatory, however, they would not know where to look. The Church had not defined its position, so that as far as they knew it might be near heaven or hell. They knew nothing about the situation, or how long it was going to last. But what they did know was that it would end, and that heaven and hell would go on for ever. Purgatory might last for 2000 or 3000 years, but they knew it would end when the general judgment took place, and that there would then be only heaven and hell. Another thing they did not know was the nature or acuteness of pains of purgatory. They heard the priest or himself say that the torments are severe, but the Church had not told them the nature of the torments. Some doctors of the Church said that the fire of purgatory was like the fire of hell, only the fire of hell lasted for ever, while the fire of purgatory was only for a time. The doctors of the Church said tha4 purgatory was close to hell, down in the depths of the earth. But nothing had been defined on this point. Another point that had not been settled was how the souls were relieved by prayers ; but they were, and by the Sacrifice of the Mass. Nothing could be more certain than that there was such aplace as purgatoiy, and his Lordship again quoted from the 2nd Book of Maccabees — ' Judas Machabaaus, the chief high priest of the Jewish nation, sent money to Jerusalem to have sacrifices offered up for the soldiers who were slain in liattle. Jie gathered up 12,000 drachms of silver, and sent it up for the pur pose of having sacrifices offered up for the sins of the dead,' Now, if he had not be lieved in purgatory did they think he would have done that ? They all hoped to go up ? to heaven, but beiore reaching there they would have to suffer in purgatory. If they went to confession it assisted them in obtaining for giveness of their sins, but it did not relieve them of all punishment for their sins. His Lordship gave numerous quotations, both from the Old and New Testament, in support oi his arguments. He said it was by faith in the prayers offered, and in the Masses, that the souls could be relieved in purgatory. The souls in purgatory could not assist them selves ; but their iriends could, by prayers, alms, and having masses offered up, shorten the time of souls suffering in purgatory. Tbe Church had appointed certain days for having Masses offered up, and they should not neglect to have this done for the benefit of those poor souls who ffere suffering in purga tory. It was necessary that good Catbolios should act in accordance with the spirit of the Church, and get tbe Masses offered up for the souls of their deceased friends. His Lordship deprecated the large amount of money wasted on flowers at funerals, and said that instead of the enormous expense being incurred in the pomps and show at funerals, it would do more good to have Masses offered up. He urged them all not to neglect having prayers said at tbe house for tbe dead, which might mean taking off 100, 200, or 300 years from the time tbe souls had to Temain in r purgatory. One Mass alone might take away the whole time a soul had to remain in purgatory, but that all depended on God's mercy. Souls in purgatory could not assist themselves, so it was their friends' duty to do that for them. His Lordship concluded by urging the congregation not to go to any great expense over funerals, and not to fail to have Masses said for their de ceased friends. At the conclusion of the service Dr. Bray, on behalf of tbe members of the congregation, presented his Lordship with a cheque and address of welcome. In making the pre sentation Dr. , Jlray said ; — My Lord, — Tho duty, a pleasing and agreeable duty, of being the mouth-piece of the Wingham and Dingo Creek portions of your 'folk, has fallen upon my shoulders. IVe. inrthe first place, extend to you a hearty welcome. We are all pleased to see you amongst ns again, and hope for frequent recurrence of your visits. Your diocese being so large we know that it is im possible for you to vjait us very often. But we will always give yon the same weloome, and be pleased tc see your kind face amongst us in tbe future as we have been in tbe put. We with you deplore the fact that we have not a church in Wingham, but hope soon to be able to build one. We, your flock in this part of the district, desire you to accept this testimonial as a small token of the esteem in which we hold you, 3 he testimonial' has taken the form it has because we looked upon an address as too formal. Whilst making this presentation let ns express the hope that God will long spare to us a Bishop so well, justly, and universally liked. His Lordship said my dearly beloved brethren, I need not say that I feel deeply grateful to Dr. Bray for the kind expressions he had made. - A formal address was not a thing be oared, but the very kind way in which Dr. Bray had spoken was very grati fying to him, as he knew that they expressed his feelings. He thanked them very sincerely for the very handsome testimonial given him. He trusted they would at a very early date givebim ttys opportunity ot again visiting them to open and consecrate their church in Wingham. They should have a church of their own, and he felt sure that by the help of God and the assistance of their, pastor it would not be long before be would be asked to come up and consecrate their oburoh. He would be most willing to assist by giving any offering in bis power to this objeot. He hoped they would all exert themselves in this matter, but trusted they would not start the building beiore they bad at letist hMf the money in hand. He was veiy pleased with his visit to tbe district, and had spent a most enjoyable time among them. He congratu lated them on tbeiriaith, and hoped that in the course of next yftar be would - come among them to open and oonsecrate their church. The proceedings ended by hiB Lordship blessing those present. 