BY NTJNQUAM DOBMIO. The peerless Bobadil haB been advertised for sale in England. In this connection Bobadil is more likt-lv to com mand attention from English buyers after 'I he next Australian racing season than at present; New Zealand bred horses appear to strike form quicker in England than the majority of the colonial importations have done. The Maoriland celebrity, Waiuku, who recently opened his English racing account by carrying off the Manor Welter Plate at the Gatewick Summer, Meeting, after a very limited sojourn under Mr. F. W. Day's care in the old country, figures as a: parent in the nominations for the Taranaki Hacki Derby of 1900. . , Speaking about New Zealand reminds me that the Otago: TFi'ness, of, June 29, contains the following paragraph anenta representative from the land of. the Moa, that7 may as well be reprinted in these' columns. The. sporting editor'of ? the great New Zealand weekiy; (far and away the most readable published in tke Southern Hemisphere) descants thuswise :-" Fulmen Js weight in the Melbourne Cup, 7-10, is generally considered here as Very Fair Treatment, and it is contended that if he has any chance in the New Zealand Cup, he must have Quite as Good for the big V.K.O. Spring event. There is no doubt his weight in our race will be on a higher scale, where he will probably have Quite as Good Horses to contend against, although hot so nu merous, Fulmen is no doubt a Thorough Stayer, which is the first consideration in a two-mile con test. Considerable interest will, therefore, be taken in his preparation, and it is to be hoped that he will stand the ordeal. From what I can learn so far he has not been supported by his owner or stable, for our (N.Z.) Cup." Fulmen is a four-year-old (rising) horse by Castor from Hilda, and according to the latest accounts from the land of his nativity, .. all the touts that witness his work at the Wingatui agree that he is in very great heart." Kindly make a marginal note on your cuff to that effect. That the Best Horse at the Weights won the V.R.C. Grand .National Hurdle Race on Saturday is beyond the shadow of a doubt. Without being much to look at, Valdis (by Middlemarch from Gazette, a' half-sister-to Barratti, the dam of the dual G.N. Hurdler-winner Buzzi) is evidently a rum 'un to go. ' ? .. ? Now it is all oyer it turns out that the parties be hind Valdis threw in for a pretty fair stake over the ancient maiden's first victory. Previous to the rac^> all-aborts of rumors had been' flying 'round '<« pro mis'puous-like" anent the "unwarrantable manner" in which the V.KiC. handicapper had piled the weight on a non-performer, whilst some of the . pro, fessedly intimate friends of the trainer t of Valdis were loud in their protestations that although the Very Best of Friends for many years prior tci the weights appearing for the Grand National, thQ probabilities were that the twain would neverplay speaks " again over the transaction. ] Well, the race being over and done with, it was palpable that another stone on his baolc would hardly have prevented" the animated clothes-horse " from winning, and winning easily. Then the tale bearers got in their good work again, and, dis playing tickets showing how they had started all their doubles with Valdis, explained the fact by stating that they had it from the owner " som& time back " that he considored Yaldis a Two Stone hotter horse than Buz/A, and that he intended to back lxim to win .£2000. A fwn than Buzzi would have to be J a verity ; but after the wav in ?vy/aif tot » Ta-ta" to the rest of tho fio d i*lt Y^' Saturday he would be a bold man S?traisl> with confidence that the tale-bLJho1Would' tioned were spinning nothing but "fairy «fote" . j * ^163 Mr.Mark Whitty (of WaldnoVV n t , ,h!ts now trained the winners of nas pr 3 carry ,u ur .v.irfc.w wand National Hurdle * strangely enough, none of the cbarZL , successful with have been handicap i- a 10st. Buzzi won with 9st. in 180(5?n - -cari and being only uplifted 111b. for t|lfi lH the pool again the following/ftj-aco faster time. 'This year Valdis lon 2| " smothered" Mystery 10-d. n ,r,i 00 compl -Armourer 9-7 and* M others for pa e?h'6 hM°' m the heavy going occupying 6min. TfoJj ee ,S°.me^ two'or 'three weeks back a friend of' directed my attention to the fact tl.at, no ever succeeded in winning a T.li C G N n,, T1 outside of the Nine Stone and Eleven Stone Si and expressed his intention of confinina h inents to those particular divisions again thi To which I replied-"If, as you say, either! sfconer or an eleven-stoner has always proved cessful heretofore, it's just about time vm, giving the «ten-stunners' a bit of a show \ L the time my thoughts were more fixed on Soult i Mystery 10-4 and Residue 10-3 than on Valfe t Soult ran a perfect " beggar"-albeit not for bookmakers, so far as " eleemosynary" contribu were concerned. The favorite (who actually tou 5 to 4« one time, . although his starting price w point longer than that) only once flattered backers-between the seven-furlong and six-furl posts; but he appeared to get hemmed in pas the abattoirs, and never possessed the ghost* chance afterwards. . It was a terrible crusher for admirers j but, somehow or other, pronouncod favorites like Soult invariably meet with very settled weather during the voyage. That was w " Old Jack" had something in his favor when he up his memorable time record (3min. 28.',sec.) lOst. 51b. in the Melbourne Cup against the lar field, 38 opposera, that ever started for that o? I don't seek to detract one iota from the phenom merit of Carbine's performance; but for all that Donald S.. Wallace's hero experienced the Good of not having, to bump up against any Bad Luck Of course it is quite probable Soult would shown to much better, advantage but for sorol ranee or other. Natheless' his thick-and-thin porters would hardly care about planking-up I stuff ..were' Soult and Yaldis to meot in a sin handeel tussle over the same distance and u similar conditions.' '/Way baolc. in the Autumn, 1' overheard Mr. Ja Wilson junior.make the remark that up to thatt he had not,seen a two-year-old out that was v " ten bob" as a prospective Derby winner, in c parison-with,the youngsters of preceding years, when I discovered the Queenscliil trainer's S 8-12 euchring Quartzreef 6-8, Morriwoo 8-9 ami others in the Two-Yoar Old Handicap last Satut '.whilst the seven furlongs occupied no loss t lrnin. 87seo., I came to the conclusion that " field" on that spocial occasion woro oifchor a \ Mediocre Iiot, or else a number of thoso who lion :out of a place were up to Some i'unny Little tm The bettiug quotations wore oorfcainly souiw enigmatical as the three public favoritos Hun fourth,'fifth and sixth. UlThere were many oilers of " Ton to 0no®'11!''' a sure and certain sign that tho Gtoolong o » were not enamoured of the chance or tuo a " of Carnage and Chintz, who has ^«urT'.a penalty in the Caulfield Cup and a Gib Melbourne Cup, Chintz, tho dam of Sli > : sister (by First King) to Boz (^osw°f".lin[,5col and report Bpeaks very highly of a joa> ? k hers, by Bill of Portland. That a ao tar as of course. that Mr, Will ry-iii wor 'ortlnnd f rs. »gsi Chesilton (lis is also Mr, <il. A. Noblt 0 l«ndt-Wood Nymph colt, by tbo way._so ^ ;them will have-tofind p'lf aPoocly. .albeit,a full brother to tho fligit0famiiou 'dura, is miioh more massive in. o , n(,0 that equable in temperament. Anoc« tlioY300' sure to fill tho eyos 0f the W with the colors up aro Mr. &. 0 Louiao), Admiral-The British Admn-al The Mariner (Disoard.) ; . , MontionirigfyearlingEi reminds vMoran ha's' something oub of tlia ordin y dj ^lemington-a black colt by Mill oi 