Wesleyati Church. ANNUAL SYNOD OF GOULBUEN DISTRICT. THE thirty-seventh annual synod of the Goulburn Wcsleyan Methodist Churoh was held in the Lec ture-hall on Wednesday and Thursday of last week. At llio pastoral session there were present the Revs. M. H. Parkinson (chairman), Bowral; J. "VV. Winspear, Goulburn ; W. Weston, Crookwell; F. W. Roberts, YOSB; W. Pearson, Gunning; A. Stephen, Qaeanbeyun; E. C. Thomas, Young ; H. A. Carver, Mittagong. A dispensation of absenco was grantod to Rev. R. M. Laverty of Young on ao eount of illness, and sympathy was expressed with him in his affliction. The Rev. M. H. Parkinson gave a short address, and welcomed the new ministers to the district," The Rev. W, Pearson was elected secretary, and Rev, A. Stephen assistant. Rev. A. Stephen was entrusted with the. Sunday-school schedules, the Rev. W. Weston with the property, and the Rev. P. . W.-Roberts was appointed press reporter. | - The hours of session worn fixed at 10 a.m. to 12.30, and from 2 p.m. to 5.30 p.m. The usual questions concerning ministerial char acter were considered and satisfactorily answered in each case. No minister or preacher on trial had died during the year, and no supernumerary reques ted to bo employed in oircuit work. No minister was lo be left without charge. The Rev. E. A Thomas was advancod a year in his probation. There wero no candidates offering for the ministry and no offers wero received for the foreign missionary work. '? It was reported that the Revs. M. H. Parkinson, W. Weston, and P. W. Roberts complete their threo years' term at the forthcoming conference, and flhall then require appointments. Permission was given to all ministers of the dis trict to attend conference. At the afternoon session tho lay representatives took their Bents, and wore cordially welcomed by the chairman. From the report presented by the property secre tary we gather that there are forty-one churches and forty-ono otlior preaching-places, showing ar( increase of one church and thrco preaching-places, There are nine parsonages. The debt existing on various properties is £0100, or £306 less than a year pgo. A school-hall had been erected at Cowra Creek, Cooma circuit, at a nost of £f>0, with an ex isting debt ot £2i. The attendants at divine ser vice sre 3490, an increase of 195. There are 212 active, 83 assaoiato, and 15 honorary members of tho Christian Endeavor, an increase of 110. ? Thr Sunday-school report disclosed that there are 25 schools. Tho number of children enrolled is 1670, an increase of 17. The annual cost o£ main* taining tfiese schools is ,£}(i0. Tho libraries in con nection with them contain 1785 volumes, with 401 readers. . In the Bands of Hope there are 478 pled ged abstainers. The ballot for the representative to conference re sulted in the election ol tho Rev. W. Westen. Tho Rev. J. W. Winspear with Messrs W, S. Foxall and E. Long wero elected to the distribution oommitteo of the sustentation fund. After discussion it was unanimously resolved that in the opinion o| this synod it is. advisable (hat a Qorinexiorial.fire insurance society bo formed. It was recommended that Crookwell, Yass,Young,, and Queanbeyan receive grants from the sustenta tion fund. On the question of the extention of the term of the pastorate to a possible five years, it was found that out of eight quarterly meetings five voted in favor and three against. The voting in tho 'truaV tees' meetings, of which twenty wero held, resulted in fifty-three for and twenty-eight against. The vote in tho synod was seven for and four against. An invitation was Received from the Bowral oil'-; cuit that the synod next year be held at Bowral, which wa? unanimously accepted. The evening session was devoted to the cojisidera tion of the work qf God, nenriy all (be members speaking on the subjeot. It was resolved-'' Wo humbly record our deep and increasing concern for the Churoh o{ (31ttist of which wo are part. We are devoutly thankful that many signs of life and pro gress are manifest in every circuit in the district. We are convinced that there are urgent reas ons for carefulness that in many of the new habits andmothods of church life to-day supreme regard be paid to the essential importance of personal de* votion to tho Lord Jesus Christ and to tho contin ual desire for the teaching and inspiration of the Holy Ghost, Thus only shall we continue to spread Scriptural holiness through tho land. For increase^ fitness for this work we resolve to labor and to" prav." The session was continued on Thursday at eleven o'clock whon the minutes were formally signed. Votes of thanks wero given to tho chairman and secretary, qnd to thoso who had entertained the; ministers during the synod. ' A century commemoration meeting was held in the Lecture.-Hdll on Thursday night ; Rev. Parkinson (Bowral) presided. Addresses were "given by tho ohairman, Revs. A. Stephen, of Queanbeyan, and W. Weston, of Crookwell. The meeting .was o$ b, devotional character and the addresses were tnuoh appreciated by those present.-Goulburn Herald. THE TRANSVAAL.-Two of the West Camden Lancers, Troopers W. G. Davoy and W. Stewart, sailed for Afrioa in the Kent last Saturday. A Li WHO SUFFER from weak digestion should .wfc Rutherford's malt bread, it is highly recommended.' Ask for cart lo call.-* The Australian contingents for the Trans-, vaal mean neither lust for.-bloodshed noc. doubt of Britain's power. "They simply mean a United Empire. Great Britain and her colonies are one. It'sjnstas well that this great fact should bo known. It's child ish to talk of Britain embroiling her colouiea in her own quarrel?. The older and wispr heads are hers. Not even in their least res? ponsible debating, should men of the British stock forget that when the British have erred at all in international .affairs, it has been for sake afpeace.-Exchange. '. 'A Footballer's Advice. "T consider Chamberlain's Pain Balnf % jewel," writes Gert P. Vosloo from Bedford, Cape Colony. " Recently we were playing a match and I got my olbowa and knees braised. As soon as the g-nme was over I applied the Pain Balm, and the. sevp.i6 sraartiug immediately ceased, and by next morning I did not lciiow I had been bruised. My ndyieo to every footballer is to slip a h 'ttlo c:f Chumborliiiu't! Pain Balm into his i'o.-ket whenever, lift «"ea to. practice or to play a game." Chamberlain's Puiu. Balm is sold byfMr. D. Morgan, Chemist. 