BIJOU THEATRE. Mr. Thomas Hudson's Surprise Party still draws large and enthusiastic audiences nightly at the Bijou Theatre. The final repetition of the opening programme waa given on Tuesday evening, and another change -will take place to-night, when Miss Lalla Gollmick will play Rubinstein's "La Filleuse," and Mr. Hudson will tell of "The Stormy Winds," assisted by Miss , L. Linton. Miss Jessie Williams and Mr. James Watts will appear in a sketch en-, titled "A Lesson in Dancing."' The llockley Brothers, comedians of Jtndek about fame, will introduce an originality, "The Two Jays," and the Sisters Lingard will give the "Jane ana- Elizgwlet-go ec centricity." The Black* Daiites" will also appear in a eonjuririg entertainment, and the programme will conclude with "The Ghost in a Pawn Shop."" . Mrs. W. A. Wood gave a private exhi bition of her juvenile pupils' dancjnjg at the Violet Assembly Rooms, Curric-street,, oil Saturday afternoon,, in tlie presence of the Mayoress (Mrs. A. W. Ware), her-daugh ters, a number of ladies," "and the parents of the pupils'. ' Afternoon tea'.' was' provi ded. Mr. ,W. A. Pruess presided -at the piano. - • ... ' On Tuesday night the members and friends of the Port Adelaide . branch of the S.A. Railways Sendee Mutual Association held their annual social .and dance at the Oddfellows' Hall, Dale-street, Port. .'Mr. D. H. Griffin, the president. of the so ciety, was chairman, and the audience, in cluded the Hons. H. Adams and: R. S. Guthrie, arid Messrs. Archibald and Mac Gillivray,' members for the district. A long programme was submitted, arid many of the numbers were redemanded. . The performers were Mrs. Martin, Messrs. Harrow, P. W. Allen, G. Simpson, A. Taplin, 0. Trevett, Bozicque, A. J. Tap lin, A. Simpson, J. Alexander, and A. Cameron. Refreshments were served, Mr. Griffin being responsible for the catering. Dancing was continued at intervals in the programme and at its completion, Mr. J. Pearce acting as M.C. • Music was provided bjr Mrs. Martin .and Mr. P. Par 