SUNDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. Ma ss Coram Episoopo was celebrated at 11 o'clock by the Rev. Father Sbanahan The church was literally thronged, ninny being un able to gain admission. The confirmees, to the number of 82 were marched from St. Mary's school to the church, where they were accom- \- modated with seats within the sanctuary. The girls were attired in snow white dresses with wreaths and veils and the boys wore red sashes, the whole nresentincr a brilliant pajreant. At the conclusion of mas his Lordship imparted the apostolic benediction, after which he de livered an eloquent sermon from the epistle of the tweDty-fourth Sunday alter Pente cost, viz., Col. i, D-I4. He dwelt jiarticularly on the great virtue of chastity, emphasising the bounden obligation of Christians to for give injuries, and to harbour no resentments to wards their follow man, but on the contrary to love all men, no matter what may be their creed or colour. Christians when repeating the Lord's prayer should reflect seriously on tiie jkassage, 41 Forgive us our tresjiasses as we forgive those who trespass against us." In other words, asking forgi venpss of God only on the condition that the askcr forgave his enemies. His Lordship next addnssed his remarks to the confirmees, lucidly explaining the nature of the sacrament of confirmation, reminding them that before the coming of the Holy Ghost the AjYosilce were timid and cowardly, but that after receiving the seven fold graces thpy became valiant, and hence forward bravely fought the battle of Christ. Assisted by the Rev. Father Sh&nahan;, the Ri&hop; then administered confirmation, Mr. O'Kelly acting as sponsor 'for the boys, and W-iss lounger lor the gins. At the close of the proceedings a number of gentlemen representing the congregation, went up to the sanctuary, and Mr. T. O'Neill, on their behalf, addressing the Bishop, said that he had very great pleasure in welcoming his Lordship to Hamilton. They were deeply sensible of his great labours in the cause of Christianity, and particularly the Christian education of the young, all of which enabled the diocese of Ballarat to occupy fiuch a prominent post among tbe dioceses of Aus tralasia. He congratulated him on his safe arrival, and hojied he would long be spared to continue his beneficent labours. Dr. Moore replied at length, thanking the congregation for their welcome. He congratu lated the congregation on the state of religion in the parish, which bore eloquent testimony to the devotion of their iiastors. He jiarticu larly congratulated them on having two excel lent Catholic schools in this mission, which occupied a foremost position among the schools of the diocese. On the previous day he bad an opportunity of testing the knowlege of their children of tbe Christian doctrine, and the re sult was edifying. He further congratulated tbem in having made a beginning with the completion of their church, and hoped to be soon amongst them to lay the foundation stone. Referring to his recent travels be was pleased to inform tlietn that the material, social and political condition of the Irish people had vastly improved. Shaking of the church in America his Lordship said that the great num ber of its adherents — 15,000,000 — tl i e great works undertaken by it to preserve its jieople, tbe children particularly, from tbe inroads of infidelity, its homes for ibe orphan and aged poor, and other works of benerolenoe and edu cation, bad stamped it as 'the church of America. When visiting tbe Pope be was pleased to see bis Holiness in the enjoyment of wonderful intellectual activity. He inquired most minutely about the diocese and nothing pleased him more than the efforts which were being made in the interest of Christian education in this diocese. In conclusion his Lordship said that in proportion to its num bers and age, the church in Australia was as jirosperous as that of America. At vespers in the evening tbe preacher was again bis Lordship, who preached from the Gospel Matt, xxiv., 15—35, dwelling particu larly on the cod of man, and pointing out that there was no better way to lead a good life than to as frequently as possible remember one's last end, ' Remember the last end," says the scripture, "and thou shalt never sin." In the morning the choir rendered Hay dn's "Firet Mass" in excellent style, Mr. Jarre "fr ablyrfceting as conductor, and Miss QmglcyepoJenBy jnesiding at the organ. For m offertory piece Mrs. Kelly sang Gounod's' "Ave Motiv and Rossi's 14 Tan turn Ergo" was sung at the elevation by Messrs. iiock- hart and D. Ryan. In the evening the above- mentioned lady .sang the " O Salutaris " .with urach devotion, whOe Rossi's "Tantum Ergo" was repeated with much effect by Messrs. Lockhart and Ryan. 