THE STORYTELLER. John Connors and the Fairies. The following ghost story is reprinted from "Tales of the Fairies," collected from oral traditions in Soiuth-West Munster by Jeremiah Curtin, translator of "Quo Yadis":— The story was told by a travelling tin ker. "There was a man named John Connors, who lived near Killarney, and was the father of seven small children, all daugh ters and no sons. Connors fell into such rage and anger at having so many daugh ters without any sons, that when the seventh daughter was born he would not come from the field to see the mother or the child. When the time came for christening he wouldn't go for sponsors, and didn't care whether his wife lived or not. A couple of years after that a son was born to him, and some of the women ran to the field and told John Connors that he was the father of a fine boy. Connors was so de lighted that he caught the spade he had with him and broke it on the ditch. He hurried home and sent for bread and meat, with provisions of all kinds to supply the house. $ "There are no people in the parish," said he to his wife, "lit to stand sponsors for this boy, and when night comes I'll ride over to the next parish and find sponsors there." When night cams he saddled and brid led his horse, mounted, and rode away towards the neighboring parish te invite a friend and his wife to be godfather and godmother to his son. The village to which he was going was Beaufort, south of Killarney. There was a public house on the road,. Connors stepped in and treated the bystanders, delayed there a while, and then went his way. When he had gone a conpie of miles he met a stran ger riding a white horse, a good- look ing gentleman, wearing knee-breeches, swallow-tailed coat, and. a Caroline hat (a tall hat). The stranger saluted John Connors, and John returned the salute. The stran ger asked where he was going at such an hour. "I'm going," said Connors, "to Beau fort to find sponsors for my youi^j; son." "Oh, you foolish man," said the stran er; "you left the road a mile behind you. ''urn back and take the left hand." John Connor turned back as directed, but never came to a cross road. He was riding about half an hour when he met tha same gentleman, who asked: "Are you the man I met a while ago going to Beaufort." "I am." "Why, you fool, you passed the road a mile or more behind. Turn back and take the right hand road. What trouble is on you that you cannot see a road when you are passiug it?" Connors turned and rode on for an hour or so, but fduwd no side road. The stranger met him for the third -time, and asked him the same question, and told him he must turn back. "But the night is so far gone," said he, "that you had better not be waking people. My house is near by. Stav with me till morning. You can go for the sponsors to-morrow." John Connors thanked the stranger, and Baid he would go with him. The stranger took him to a fine castle then and told him to dismount and come in. "Your horse will be taken care of,' said he; "I have servants enough." John Connors rode a splendid white horse, and the like of him wasn't in the country round. The gentleman had a gcod supper broiught to Connors. After supper he showed him a bed, and said: "Take off your clothes and Bleep soundly till morning." When Connors was asleep the stran ger took the clothes, formed a corpse just like John Connors, put the clothes on. it, tied the body to the horse, and, leading the beast outside, turned his head to wards home. He kept Johu Connors asleep in bed for three weeks. The horse went home and reached the village next morning. The people saw the horse with the dead body on its back, and all thought it was the body of Johu Connors. Everybody began to cry and lament for his neighbor. He was taken off the horse, stripped, washed, and laid out on the table. There was a great wake that night, everybody mourning and lamenting over him, for wasn't he a good man and the father of a large family? The priest was sent for to celebrate Mass and attend the funeral, which he did. There was a large funeral. Three weeks later John Connors was rodsed from his sleep by the gentleman, who came to him and said: "It is high time for you to be waking. Ydur son is christened. The wife, think ing you would never come, had the child baptised, and the priest found sponsors. Your horse stole away from here, and went home." "Sure, then, I am not long sleeping?" "Indeed, then, you are. It is three whole days and nights that you are in that held." w John Connors sat up and looked around# for his clothes, but if. he did he could ^ not see a stitch of them. "Where are my . cloiheeP^ he aiked.: T know nothing ..of.your clothes,. my > man, and the sooner you are <nut o' this ' the better." * Poor John was astonished. "God help me. How am I to go home without my clothes? If .I had a shirt itself it wouldn t be so bad; but to go without a rag at all on me!" "Don't be talking," said the man : "take a sheet and be off with yourself. I have no time to lose on the like of you." John grew in dread of the man, and, taking the sheet, went out. When well away from the place he turned to look at the castle and its owner, but if he did there was nothing before him but fields and ditches. The time as it happened was Sunday morning, and ConnorB saw at some dis tance down the road people on their way to Mass. He hurried to the fields, for fear of being seen by somebody. He kept the fields and walked close to the ditches till he reached the side of the hill, and went along by that, keeping well out ot sight. As he was n'earing his own vil lage at the side of the mountain there happened to be three or four boys looking for stray sheep. Seeing Connors they knew him as the dead man buried three weeks before. They screamed and ran away home, some of them falling with fright. When they came to the village they cried that they had seen John Con nors, and he with a sheet on him. Now, it is the custom in Ireland when a person dies to sprinkle holy water on the clothes of the deceased and give them to the poor people or to friends for God's sake. It is thought by giving the clothes in this way the former owner has them to use in the other world. The person who wears the clothes must wear them three times to Mass, one Sunday after another, and sprinkle them each time with holy water. After that they may be worn as the person likes. When the women of the village heard the story of the boys some of them went to the widow, and said: ""lis your fault that your husband's fhost is roaming about in nakedness, ou didn't give away his clothes." "I did, indeed," said the wife. "I did my part, but it must be that the man I gave them to didn't wear them to Mass, and that is why my poor husband* is naked in the other world." Now she went straight to the relative and neighbor who got the clothes. As she entered the man was sitting down to breakfast. "Bad luck to you, you heathen!" said she. "I did not think you the man to leave my poor John naked in the other world. You neither went to Mass in the clothes I gave you nor sprinkled holy water on them." "I did, indeed. This is the third Sun day since John died, and I went to Mass this morning for the third time. Sure I'd be a heathen to keep a relative naked in the other world. It wasn't your hus band that the boys saw at all." , She then wept home satisfied that everything had been done as it should be. An uncle of John Connors lived in the same village. He was a rich farmer, and kept a servant girl and a servant boy. The turf bog was not far awav, and all the turf at the house being Durnt the servant girl was told to go down to the reek (a long pile of turf) and bring home a creel {basket) of turf. She went to fibe reek, and was filling her creel, when she happened to look towards the far end of the reek, and there she saw a man stick ing his head out from behind the tiurf, and he with a sheet en him. She looked a second time, and saw John Connors. The girl screamed, threw down the creel, and ran away, falling every few steps from terror. It was to the reek that Connors had gone, to wait there in hiding till dark. After that he could go to his own house without any one seeing him. The servant girl fell senseless across the farmer's threshold, and when she recovered she said: "John Connors is below in the bog behind the reek of turf, and nothing but a sheet on him." •The farmer and the servant boy laugh ed at iher and said: "This is the way with you always when there's work to do." The boy started off to bring the turf himself, but as he was coming near the reek John Connors thrust his head out, and the boy ran home screeching worse than the girl. Nobody would go near the reek now, and the report went out that John Connors was below in the bog minding the turf. Early that evening John Connors' wife made her children go on their knees and offer up the rosary for the repose of their father's soul. After the rosary they went to bed in a room together, but were not longin when there was a rap at the door. The poor woman asked who was outside. John Connors answered that it was himself. "May the Almighty God and His Bles sed Mother give rest to your soul!" cried the wife, ana the children crossed them selves and covered their heads with the bedclothes. They were in dread he'd come in through the keyhole; they knew a ghost could ao that if he wished. John went to the window of two panes of glass and was tapping at that. The Eoor woman looked out, and there saw er husband's face. She began to pray again for the repose of his soul, but he called out: "Bad luck to you, won't you open the door, for me to throw out some clothes? I am perishing from cold." This only convinced the woman mpre surely. John didn't like to break the door, and as it was not strong it wouldn't . bp ea^y for him to break it,, so he, left the house and went to his uncle's. When he cagpe to thedoor all the fapuly were jthjJ iggir;;||neies repeating the p&ujfy; for stne SbuThf John ^nj««u. i3Se^khbcked, upd hh® servant girl rb£P up torsee yrho ; was outside. SheUiUAtchPd the door, came"'hea* cutting his hosebff.'Bheshut it"thatwqUiddy in His face.' She bolted the door then, and began to scream: "John Connor's ghost is haunting me! Not another day or nigiht will I stay in the house if I live to see morning!" All the family fastened themselves in a room and threw themselves into bed, for getting to undress or finish their prayers,. John Connors began to kick the door, but nobody would open it; then he tapped at the window and begged the uncle to let him in or put out some clothes to him, but the uncle and children were out of their wits with fear. The doctor's house was the.next one, and Connors thought to himself, "1 might as well go to the doctor and tell ; tell all to him; tell him that the village is gone mad." So he made his way to the doctor's, but the servant boy there roared and screeched from teror when he saw him; ran to his master, and said: "John Connors' ghost is below at the door, and not a thing but a sheet on him." "You were always a fool," said the doctor. "There is never a ghost in this world." "God knows, than the ghost of John Connors is at the door," said the boy. To convince the boy the master raised the u^pper window. He looked out "and saw the ghost sure enough. Down went the window with a slap. "Don't open the door," cried the doctor. "He is below. There is some mystery in this." Since the doctor wouldn't let him in any more than the others, John Connors was swearing and cursing terribly. "God be good to us," said tbe doctor. "His soul must be damned, for if bis soul was in purgatory it is not cursing and swearing he'd be but praying. Surely, 'tis damned he is, and the Lord have mercy on the people in this village; but I won't stay another day in it; I'll move to the town to-morrow morning." Now, John left the doctor's house and went to the priest, thinking that he could make all clear to the priest, for every body else had gone mad. He knocked at the priest's door and the housekeeper opened it. She screamed and ran away, oat left the door open behind her. As she was running towards the stairs she fell, and the priest, hearing the fall, hurried out to see what the matter was. "Oh, father," cried the housekeeper. "John Connors' ghost is below in the kit chen, and he with a person seen after parting with this world." The words were barely out of his mouth when the ghost was there before him. "In the name of God," said the priest, "are you dead or alive? You must be dead, for I said Mass in your house, and you a corpse on the table, and I was at your funeral." "How can .you be foolish like the people of the village? I'm alive. Who would kill me?" "God, who kills everybody, and but for your being dead, how was I to be asked to your funeral?" "Tie all a mistake," said John. "If it's dead I was it isn't here I'd be talking to you to-night." "If you are alive, where are your clothes?" "I don't know where they are, or how they went from me, but I haven't them sure enough." "Go into the kitchen," said the priest. "I'll bring your clothes, and then you must tell nie what happened to yohi." When John had the clothes on he told the priest the day the child was born he went to Beaufort for sponsors, and, be ing late, he met a gentleman, who sent him back and forth on the road and then took him to his house. "I went to bed," said John, "and slept there till he waked me. My clothes were gone from me then, and I had nothing to wear but an old sheet. More than this I don't know; but everybody runs from me, and my wife won't let me into the house." "Oh, then, it's Daniel O'Donohue, King of Lochlein (Daniel O'Donohue, King of the Fairies), that played the trick on you," said the priest. "Why didn't you get sponsors at home in this parish for your son, as you did for your daughters? For the remainder of your life snow no partiality to son or daughter among your children. It would be a just punishment if more trouble came to you. You were not content with the will of God, though it is the duty of every man to take what God gives him. Three weeks ago your supposed body was buried, and all thought you were dead through your own pride and wilfulness." "That is why my wife wouldn't let me in. Now, your reverence, come with me and convince my wife, or she will not open the door." Mrs. Connors opened the -door, and, seeing her husband behind the priest, screamed and fell. A. little girl that was with her at the door dropped speechless on the floor. When the woman recovered the priest began to persuade her that her husband was living, but she wouldn't believe that he was alive till she took hold of his hand. . Then she felt his face and hair and was convinced. When the priest^ had, explained every thing he went away home. No matter how large his family was in after years, John Connors never went from, home to And sponsors. 