SlTEMS OF INTEREST. \- 1 Victorian atatislicH, as furuislieJ by jtho department, 1)0 not beur out tho igener.il imprussion of such a droughty ? year as to bar all prospects of profit from the land. The butter sent out in December isset down at 0,000,0001 bs, which ought to represent nearly as many shillings to (he producers, and ?for tho last quarter of the year wool to tho value of £2,391,280 was sent 'away, as against £2,:3<1-7 111- in 1597. i * j Onco more tho matter of careful ? grading of fruit as regards sizo is I inculcated by tho i.dvicea brought j from England by tho mail. The r| subject has been dwelt on over and 'ft over iignin, aud thero cannot be a f? grower ignorant of tho lact that a Sense of oranges or apples which has I among its contents fruit of different {j sizes is out of tho market at or.cc ;| unless thero is great scatvity at the 5 consuming centre. It will not pay, ; i perhaps, to wasto all the smaller fruit, ;j and the means of using it up are not ij.yct discovered, but it certainly will j pay leas to mix it with larger sizes and if Epoil tho fiile of both. :? * * -'? * ' ? \ It pectus to have been a piece of j mistaken zeal to dispatch tho tigor 1 snake that coiled up at the preacher's t elbow at Uunnymede (Vie). Doubt f less, it was only the author of all evil iconic to listen to tho discourse. If j left alone, it would probably- havo ' departed wiser and better. There was t an oil Scotch Abbot, whose darling { idea was to convert Satan, and the 1 feasibility of this ho was constantly . urging on the peopln. Now hero was a ! chance right into hands of the church, ; and insteud of preaching to him, one o!: them got a stick and killed the poor briilo. Hasty and unkind, to say the least; they might havo wnitod to see the effect of the preacher's sermon. # * * Auother terror has been added to tho dying 'century. Mr Horace Ij. Short (surely nu American, with that name, though claiming to bo an Englishman), consulting engineer, of Surrey (Eng.), claims to have invented an instrument uhich will carry tho human voice over two miles. He pro. poses to lit it to, among other places, tho British llouso of Commons, so that thousands of people might hear every word spoken in that Chamber. Mr Short has perfect liberty to do what ho likes or what ho can iv Eng land, but most people of this province will strongly protest against Mr Short's invention being employed hero to make the voice of tho politician one whit more raucous than naturo has, uufortunately, made it. *** Queer items of news turn up iv the daily budgets front the country dis tricts. Thus, Molong, compiling tho record of the year, tells how tho local Pasturo and Stock Board has paid bonuses on the scalps of 179,900 hares. Surely a fenrful record of destruction and waste this. Iv place of paying for scalps the Molong district ought to have collected shillings on all that number. Shillings at the least, near i>oo,ooo shillings, a total of £10,000 in ono year. Wiser or mora inventivo or adaptive pcoplo in other lauds must laugh when they read iv the one day's budget of our penury and our waste. Of, Fay, £10,000 paid in IS9B to pro vide Christmas charity for the unem ployed, and during tho very snmo period £10,000 worth of good market able food allowed to go to wasto because thero is not nous enough amongst the pooplo to prepare, pack, ship, and sell it. * * In theso days of murders, outrages, and oilier horrors, it is as rbfrrshing as cool waters in a thirsty land to come across the iucidenf, with its happy termination, which recently happened iv tho llornsby bush. A littlo child of two years Btrayed away from a picnic party, and was lost in tho bush. Every Australian knows, either by personal experience or hear say, what this means, more especially when a child almost a baby is involved. The bush was reported to havo boon infested with wild dogs, and littlo hope was felt of finding the bairn alive. It is only too easy to imagine tho terrors of tho parents, but not easy to describe what their joy must havo been when the infant was found asleep and unin jured iv a gully. It does not seem to call for much imagination or a 100 strained faith to believe that some guardian spirit watched that littlo one as she slept. *** Bishop Thornton, of Bnllarat, who has got himself much notoriety during tho last few months, has lately boen posing as a layer of ghosts. He recites in a niagazino that ho onco went to a house reported by its in habitants to bo haunted. Tho spools was in tho cellar, aud when the parson went down there to deal with it ho heard " fearful groans." Tho parson remarked iv a loud voice, " Avauut, Abracadabrn, I charge thee to abate Uieso waitings." And ho added, " Aldiboroutophoscophornio. Citron, ouhotonthologoa ! Now raise thy voice as loud as thou canst raise it." The ghost was duly laid. The weird-uoiso was merely that of a lump of grit being pumped up and down a gas pipe. So many noisos nro found to be neither harmful rior material. A little investigation proves that thoro is no occasion to get alarmed about uient or tnko any intorest in them. They arc ju B t noises oE the gas-pipe sort, Isn't it curious that tho Bishop didn't recall this yarn aud its pretty poiut before ho mado a noise about Australian moral decadeuco a few weeks ago 