SOME CRICKET REMIH1SCEKCES. -Mr A. Lubbock's school reminiscences are. full of cricket 'stories.' Here is old Fuller -Pitch, challenged r with giving Mr.- -Lubbock out unjustly, calmly replying, "But you bad been m'quite long enough.'' Here Is a story- of an old tltn'e' match lnwh5cli, a man being : out the other/strolled off to/tbe refreshment tent, tbe:'7herw ...man came in, and \- ihe game weut on .till-..1 "over," with "one ; man atr thel wicket. It \- .was onlv w-ben : "the .other" man ' was seen emerging from the refreshment tent, lick- ' log his lips lifter finishing /his drink," that the deficiency was discovered. Here Is the " 60ber' verdict of- Bell, the Eton professional, \- v-who sometimes Vvcht 'to YYlndsor to bowl for the; young . Princes, that "he couldn't' make n job of "era at all." Here Is a discussion of big hitters, especially of Mr. C. I. Tliorn- r ton:— "He wns eertainly the finest hitter I ever saw- Ilo hib 108 yards at Brighton in -1871, the distance-being carefully measured by the Itev.. is." Pycrb(t;;- W. Fellows, about -v the year 1S5G, is supposed to have hit, on ' the Christ Cbijreb ground at Oxford, 175 yards, but there was' never proper evidence lb vcrlfv this. 'Bonnor, the Australian, is \-- supposed to have once driven 1G0 yards at Melbourne. Thornton also hit 132 yards in a North and Sooth .'match, at Canterbury, and the same distance once playing at the Orleans Club; both carefully measured. Lord Harris, Ivo Jlligh. and A. X. Hornby, who ought to know, "and had many chances of Feeing both,- hold for Bonnor being, the fur- ther hitter .'of the two; I have certainly seen liim lilt In .'a tremendous way, once especially while playing against England for " Australia, -at the Oval, when he hit a low boll right over i the canvas facing the pavilion. I. should say, taking their best hits,- there was not much difference in dis tance,' but that Thornton's were more fre quent- In the Gentlemen v. Players, at Brighton, in 1871, we were both playing for 7 Gentlemen (it was a match for John Lilly- -. white's benefit),, and I shall never forget It. Thornton .only had eight balls, off which be scored 3-1, 7 fours and 1 six. Fifteen years ''Inter, plaving.for Gentlemen of England -v. \- I Z , at Scarborough, in 1SSG, he made 107 ;. not out, t beginnings being made of 8 sixes, 12 fours,- 2 twos, and 7 singles. Once, at Canterbury, in playing for Kent v. M.C.C., \- lie hit -all four balls of one over of V. E. " Walker's-: all'.' clean out of the ground; "r the -'last hit was the bo3t, going lather lew over the I.Z. ' tent. I was In witli-'hiin at the time. Many ; can remember him as a boy in the Eton ' Eleven, in 1867, hitting right over the old pavilion, at Cord's. This wns the best bit I- ever saw made In. this match. Talking of — these lilts, I have often- wondered In which . direction 'It Is' easiest to make the longest ' lilt: ' Now,' there ls.no leg hitting, since the placing and "sliding off" style of play has come Into fnslilon, lint I have seen Mitchell and Lvttelton both make very long lilts to . 'square leg.' On thinking it over, I tlilnk the longest liits l have ever seen have been those "that were nearly straight over the bowler's head.: Here is a comparison of Tarrnnt and Free man, with the opinion that Tarrant was the , more difficult of the two. Here is n eulogy of G- F- Grace — "one of the nicest follows . I ever met," and "about the best out-field I ever saw." Of the Princes, whose ground for a little time seemed likely to rival Lord's, there are some astonishing stories. The two brothers knew nothing of the game, and ran the ground In a purely commercial way; hence some ludicrous Incidents:— \- I'Once, when a match was going on, I re- member Prince coming out Into the middle . of the ground, taking off his hat, anil, In the most courteous and smiling manner, request ing that the gentlemen hatting would be more careful when they hit the hall, ns one hail-just slrnck some old lady on the legs, ond the result might really have been very serious. Another time, when I' happened to be In the olllee, j-onng Prince came running In verv cross, and exclaiming, "Ten thousand devils!'' Ac.. Ac. I said, "Whatever Is the mutter. Prince?" ""Oh," he said, "two d d great greyhounds have just galloped right across the ground." Another time he wan ted me very much to play In a match, but . on looking over his team I saw that he hadn't got a ghost of a howler, and said, "That Is a precious poor side yon have got; there Isn't n single howler." "Not a single bowler?" lie said. "Why, 'damme,' there's IIent.v." Hcnty was n wlcketkeeper, and only a sort of n practice howler. Oneo, .when a ball was hit Into the middle of the hand while it wns playing, Prince went out anil said If the batsmen weren't more careful where tliey struck the hall, the wickets would have to he removed Into the further corner of the ground, as their present posi tion wns too dnngerous." By way of contrast, let us bear Mr. Lub bock's views as to the liost men - be; has known: — Lord Bessborongli lias ofton :told .me that the -old Llllywhlte, who was not given to hiding his light under a bushel, used ito say, "If niiyone wants to see good cricket, .they should see me 'n-houllliig,' Fuller. Tlleh a-bnttiug nud Box a-keeplng wicket." Dur ing my time I think I should have considered the host combination to- lie W. G. Grace hat ting, Alfred Shaw bowling, E. Pooley. keep ing wicket, and I might add E.'. M. Grace Belillng at point. Blncklia'm, who played for the Australians, I should put clown as1 tlio best wlckotkeepor .1- ever -Saw: hut he wns after my time, and G. M'Grcgor, who I con sider the host ninatem keeper I liavo over watched, nlso nrrlved on the scene long lifter I had finished.. As'regards the best amateur bhtaftor IV. G.,' I should be- sorry to give a definite opinion, for I have- seen so many good Ones: that It, would he hard and Invi dious to make n distinction. 'I don't mind 1 stating, however, whom I would rather see ! play, anil "Quit Is C-. I- :Thofnton— provided j alwavs that- he -stayed in-- df die profes- ! siona'ls-I placed with I liked the hatting of ' I'.iehard Daft -end Tom nayward the best,. : and among bowlers I should unhesitatingly I give the paiin to Alfred Shaw, He always ; appeared -to m'e to "stiitk up"- 71 -G. more than Jny other howler 1 ever saw. and I fre- ! qncntiy noticed that in practice at Lord's j and elsewhere, when 7\". G. had 10 minutes i at the net before- a- match began, he always j selected Sbaw to bowl to him. in preference j to any ofber professional.' During these 1 short practices, too.' I' have seen Shaw howl him out ,-rnd beat him' repeatedly, when he 'j has afterwards made a long score in the : match. Of the fast bowlers I saw and ; played against, 1 should place G. Tarrant and G. Freeman "first. Many people maintain that the. fast' bowling now is better than it was 30 years ago, tint I don't agree with them, and was" very' glad to hear that both IV. G. Graeeand It. Daft, both -of whom are ! more capable of giving an opinion than I am, I think'it Is not so good as ft was then; In the match commenced on 20th inst, at i Taunton between the Somerset and Hamp- j shire -connty cricket clubs, Hampshire scored' G72 runs, with the loss of " seven wickets. ... Of this great score 520 runs were made by two batsmen — Major U. AL Toore, 301; and Captain Wynyard, 225. 