| "wiairaHB." OH AFTER I. I met her at a juvenile party. She is a Vfary little lady ; her golden head scarcely reaches as high as my elbow. But then, as she tells me during one of the pauses " in the " first set," she is not ten years old till next Valentine's day, and I am twenty- one. She is a wonderfully pretty little lady, and a born coquette, Her name is Winifred ; but they call her 'Tit" — short for " Titania "—and undoubtedly she is the queen of these fairy-like revels. " Her sunny locks Hang on her temples like a golden fleece." Her dainty face, fair as an opening flower, is absolutely faultless, and her eyes are like too big violets glistening with dew. She is perfect "form," my little lady, and dressed in the height of the fashion. She has her lace handkerchief, her bouquet, her ball programme — quite comme il fant. Her tiny white satin dress is made very short, her silken hose are tied at the knee with great blue bows — noi so blue as her eyes, though, by a long way — and her high heeledshoes are adorn ed with a pair of big, brilliant shoe buck les, which, I conclude, must have belonged to her great grandmother. My little lady is the step sister of my friend and fellow student, Jack St. Maur, who has invited me do wn to his ancestral halls to spend Christmas, an invitation of which I am only too thankful to avail myself. Save for a crochety old unci-', to whose guardianship I had the misfortune to be consigned when about eight y\ ars of age, I have no living relatives. At least if I have lam ignorant of their existence. My uncle is a physician, residing in that most gloomy and depressing of regions; Russell ' Square ; and he has decreed that I shall follow in his footsteps and eventually suc ceed to his practice, which is a pretty con siderable one. So to St. Bartholomew's I ; am sent, and there I become acquainted with men — good bad, and indifferent— and amongst the firsc is Jack St, Maur. Jack is one of the best of fellows, al though perhaps not one of the brightest. He is good-natured to a fault. What Jack is not ? And, having plenty of money he has plenty of friends. His father is a jovial country squire, one of the " fine old English gentleman" type, and his step mother, a handsome, fashionable woman who evidently rules supreme, and has the old gentleman well under her dainty thumb — at least, such are my first impies- sions, and I do not think they are very far wrong. It is Christmas eve when we arrive at Cheriton Hall, and upon that evening, Jack informs me, Miss Winifred St. Maur is in the habit of holding a juvenile ball. When we are introduced my little lady makes me the stateliest of courtseys, anr. extends her mite of a hand, cased in the daintiest of Lilliputian gloves, with a be- witchingly demure smile. She is such a tiny thing and so ethereally lovely that for the moment I stand gazing down upon the fairylike apparition, in silent amaze ment, doubting my own eyes. But I hasten to mend my manners, and politely inquire whether she has a dance to spare for me. She consul's her programme. Yes, she has two — a schottische and a quadrille. Which would I prefer ? Should I be very greedy if I asked for both ? Oh ! no. She likes tall partners ; and she hands me the cardboard fan with another of those demure smiles destined a few years hence to do shocking damage to the heart of man. The womanly airs and graces of the mignonne lady are vastly amusing and I find it very difficult to keep a sober face whilst I scrawl against the two vacaut dances not my initials, but " Bottom ; " then I return the dainty programme 'to its fairy owner with a most elaborate bow. ' This is your name.' she says, knitting her pretty brows in'hcr dire perplexity as she studies my somewhatcrude characters. 'Your name is Rowland. Jack said so.' ' Ah I but Jack sometimes makes mis takes,' I answered gravely. ' He is not to he depended upon.' For a moment the big violet eyes intent- ly scan my face. ' ' 'You aro laughing at me' — drawing up her small person' with an air of offended dignity, and speaking in tones of severe displeasure. ' I don't like being laughed at.' I am just about to make a most humble apology, to implore forgiveness on my knees if my lady wills, when up comes a little gentleman in Eton jacket and white cravat— uberori perhaps to gclaiin Titania for the Lancers — and, accepting his grace fully proffered arm, she walks away with her golden head set haughtily eiect, not deigning to bestow on me another glance, My eyes follow the equisite child-lorm with a curious fascination. It is such a delicate piece of workmanship, so fragile, that it reminds one of a rare piece of Dresden china, and the colouring of the little flower-face is of that rare wikl-rose bloom which defies the painter's brush and imakes you feel that " you'll marry it if you kiss it." Still I should like to kiss it. There is something strangely tempting about the freshness and purity of that face.. And before the evening is over — perhaps going down to suppei — I will inveigle my little lady under the mistletoe bough. I wonder what she will say ? Perhaps she is a little prude, and objects to kissing. She seems the "pink of propriety but then young ladies are not always what they seem, I speak from thirteen years' ex perience. I began to he a ladies' man at the tender a<e of eight, when I became enatroiiied oi my schoolmaster's daugh ter, pretty little Susy Caneron, to whom I remained devoted one whole quarter, and then, alas for my fidelity, I transferred my I youthful affections to the youn<j lady at the sweet-stuff snop, who fell in love with what she termed my " wicked eye 1" She was an imposing looking young person, with jecty ringlets and a complexion in which the roses decidely predominated over the lilies, and she always gave me overweight. Her reign was even longer than that of her predecessor. But " man, irregular man's never constant." I was invited to a party at Tompkins' — Tomp- kins was my especial chum — and I fell a victim to Tompkins' sister. Enough ! The Lancers are over and my confidences must cease, for here comes Jack ! ' HaUo, old man. How are you getting on ? Rather slow work this, isn't it ? But, you see it only comes once a year, and poor little Tit would bo awfully disap pointed if I didn't put in an appearance,' he says, apologetically. ' She's a spoiled child, and I don't like to cross her.' ' iVhat a little beauty phe is ! Jack, my boy, you'll have to look sharp after that sister of yours.' ' Pity she's not a few years older, or you a few years younger,' he returns, with his easy-going smile. Look here, old follow ; we shall be able to slip out of this soon, I and we'll go and have a quiet cigar. The pater keeps some first-class brands.' I readily assent; for like Charles Lever's hero. I'm not over-fond, of hard work, That was always a fault of the Bradies, But I'd make a most illigant Turk, For I'm fond of tobacco and ladies. And now Titania and Oheron issue forth from the conservatory, followed by a train of elves and fays, gays and airy as a flight of butterflies ; the musicians strike up the merry old Scotch tune ' Weel may the keel row,' and I go to claim my little lady for o ar schottische, At first she receives my advances with a chill dignity that would damp the ardour of a less irrepressible swain than myself. But I am wonderfully patient where the ladies' are concerned ; and in this instance at any rate my patience is rewarded. Gradually the dimples come into play, and an explanation ensues, which ends in a perfect reconciliation, ' I like fairy tales,' says Titania,' ap- provingly. Do you know any more ? Because you will be able to tell them tome after dinner when papa is having his nap.' Oh ! yes, 1 know several more, and ghost stories into the bargain. And nothing would afford me greater happiness than relating them for my little lady's delect ation. Then our dance begins, and our con- varsation for the time being ceases. Misi St. Maur s a strict observer of the laws of etiquette. ' And, oh ; she dances such a way, No sun upon an ea9fcer day Is half so fino a sight.' Of course my height renders me rather an ungainly partner ; but as it is the ' Highland Schottische'thatwearedancing, the greater part of which is performed en pas sent, we manage very well, and evidently the small lady is not a little proud to be dancing with the tallest man in the room, even including Jack. ' I can't bear dancing with boys they are so clumsy,' she informs me, as I escort her to the refreshment room, to partake of a strawberry ice. ' Laurie Grey is not so baa, but she is so shy. He has no conversation.' ' Was Laurie Grey your last partner :' I ask, with becoming gravity. ' Yes, he gave me this bouquet. His papa brought it down from London for him, and he says lie has sent me a beauti ful Christmas card. That came from London, too.' ' And have you sent him one ?' I inquire beginning to suspect than in Oberon I have a formidable rival, in spite of his defective conversational powers. The fleecy goldon head takes that little set so wondrously captivating in its airy grace as its (owner answers reprovingly ; Of course not. I don't send 1/oy's cards. It wouldn't be proper. Tlfen my little lady is a prude; and, after all, I may not get my kiss. And I do not. As arm-in-arm we descend the wide oak staircase, a train of little couples before and behind us, I venture to insert the thin edge of the wedge by earless ly lemarking : ' What a fine bough of mistletoe that is hanging up in the hall V 1 Isn't it V responds Titania demurely. ' It is so full of berries.' This sounds encouraging ; so I proceed to follow up my advantage ' What a pity it is that Laurio 'sso shy !' ' Miss St. Maur is highly scandalized. ' I never let boys kiss me.' ' Not even big boys like Jack, for in stance — or me ?' Mademoiselle lifts a pair of innocent eyes to my face. ' Jack is my brother ; so it does not matter,' she answers evasively. ' And IV ' I — I don't know you well enough' — with coy coquetry. ' But that isn't my fault ; it is my mis fortune,' I say, reproachfully. ' Besides you know, we are to be very good friends in future, quite like brother and sister in fact, so I think you will have to make an exception in my favour. ' We can be good friendswithout kissing is Titania's prim reply. I am quite sure Miss Phipps wouldn't approve of it. ' And who is Miss Phipps V ' She is my governess. Of course, I have masters for music and French and dancing, I am going to begin Geiman when I am eleven. Chrissie Grey learns it, and she is only ten and a ha'f. That is Chrissie in the while Tarlatan dress with silver stars, sitting beside mamma st the top of the table ;' for by this time we have reached the dining-room. ' She is not a very nice child. She al ways wants to be first in everything ; and I feel almost sure' — dropping her voice to a shocked whisper, "' that she is in love with Jack.' ' Is Jack in love with her, too ?' ' Of course not. He flirts with her; but then Jack flirts with every pretty girl. And Chrissie is pretty. Don't you think so, Mr. Delarosse V ' To those who admire dark beauties, I prefer fair.' A little smile. of gratified vanity shows ' that my impliedcomplimontis not thrown away. 'Do you? I like brown- haired people best.' I have brown hair. ' That is to say, gentlemen.' ' Poor Laurie !' 'Laurie!' witli superb disdain. 'He is .only a boy.' ' Am I a boy?' ' Oh ! no ; you are grown up. You have a moustache, a bigger one than Jack's,' We arc progressing, my little lady and I, and by the end of suppei-time are on the most intimate terms. We pull several bon bons together, and Titania allows me to adorn her dainty head with a gold- paper crown ; and O joy unspeakable ! she keeps the mottoes ! But, with Miss St. Maur, it is ' Thus far shalt thou go, and no farther ;' for when, in bidding her good-night, I attempt to steal a kiss, she fixes me " with a vacant stare," and, in accents of withering reproof, says : ' You forget, Mr. Delafosse. I am nearly ten years old.' O those ten years ! What an insur mountable barrier they ax-e. Not once during the whole ot my" week's sojourn at Cheriton Hall does my little lady des cend from the pedestal upon which they have exalted her. One compact of friend ship has been ratified to the fullest cx- I tent; and Titania has even condescended to acknowledge that she likes me j" next best" to Jack, and that she will miss me dreadfully — or " dweadfully," as she pro nounces it; for my little lady hasjdst the faintest and prettiest suspicion of a lisp. Upon the day of my departure, loo, she presents me with a tiny gold pencil-case set with turquoises, which I at once at tach ro my watch-chain, with a solemn premise to wear it always foi her sweet sake. And you will com? again very soon ?' says Titania, with a suspicious tremble in her voice, as in parting I hold her tiny hand in mine, feeling strangely sad at quitting the happy old hall. ' Shall I ?' ' Yes.' 'And won't forget your big friend, Tit ? ' No ' — ever so softly. ' Come along, Delalosse ; we shall be late I' exclaims Jack, growing impatient. ' Good-tye, little sweetheart!' And, without asking permission this time, I stoop and press my lips to the fair flower-face, the faii-est upon which they ever have rested, or ever will rest. Like an anow from a bow, my little lady darts away across the wide hall and up the dark oak staircase, her fairy feet scarce touching the caxpetless stairs. ' You have made a conquest, Mi', Dela fosse,' laughs her mother. -'Tit >s such a strange child. Sho will never allow any of the opposite sex to kiss her, save her papa or Jack. Y"ou may consider your self highly honoured. Good- bye once more. You know you must not wait for a formal invitation ; come down whenever you feel inclined. Now you will, won't you ?' ' Nothing could afford me gi'eater plea sure ! I will run down at aiy earliest opportunity.' ' And I make the promise in all good faith ; yet seven long years elapse ere I set foot in that hospitable mansion or see my little lady's sweet face again. (To he continued.) 