General Gossip. ' Dante-the Great.' At Albury on Monday 'Danto tho Great' inaugurated his New South Wales inland tour. . Wagga was visited last night Dates for remainder of tour: Young Wednesday, Cowra Thursday, and Dubbo on Friday and Saturday next, with Orange, Bathurst, Par ramatta, and Newcastle to follow. The tour promises to bo a highly successful one. Mr. Tom Woottwel] returns to Australia early in 1902, and his first vacancy ia Christmas, at the end of that year. -Tho Harry Cogill Musical Comedy Com pany has returned to town after a lengthy and successful tour. The Cromwell play, lately copyrighted by Mr. Oharlea Cartwrl'gh't, under tho title, 'Tho Greatest Puritan,' is said by a Lon don paper to 'be based upon a Cromwelllau novel by: Mr. 'Arthur Paterson, who is a deep student ot the Stuart period. The Actor and the Boers. Actors 'havo Btrango exvcrionccc. Not so very many years ago (according to a Lonr don paper) Mr. Edward Sass wias acting at Johannesburg in a company organised by his brother-in-law, Mr. George EdWa-rdes. Ono of tho plays produced was 'The Soli citor,' by Mr. Daraley. During one of tho acts the players wore uniforms and accou trements. Mr. Sass received a request from Mr. Blekaley, an official ot the local fire brigade, lo lend tho swords used in the play to tho Transvaal Government in order to malce a good display at the opening ot the Delagoa Bay Railway ! The Govern ment iras-short of swords, and thought that even theatrical ?weapons would l*e moro ef fective than empty scabbards and revolver cases. Mr. Sass referred tho official to Mr.-' Edwafdcs, who happened to bo In' England, and the display -was shorn of its most de corative feature. Mr. J. F. Cathcart is to be tendered a ben-edlt at the Melbourne Princess's on No vember 30. Tho veteran actor really de serves 'the compliment. Miss Ada Reeve. A writer In our London namesake says that Miss Ada Reeve has been released by Mr. Georgo -Ed-wardes from her part in 'San T»y,' and that she has been engaged to play in Messrs. Owen Hall and Leslie Stuart's new musical slay. 'Flarodora' at tho 'Lyric* Haddon Chambers an American Success. ?' ''. New York has done itself and Mr. Had. don Chambers honor in 'enthusing' tre mendously over 'The Tyranny of Tears,' which has been produced at the Empire Theatre, Mr. John Drew playing tho lead ing part, with overwhelming success. The Press-expresses its unbounded delight with the piece — which Is described as ono of tho finest comedies of the time — and the public has responded with alacrity at tho box office. Hero is a typical extract from the criticisms: — We linvu not had anvtliinjr as fresh and delicate smd lifelike upon our stafc-o sim-o I have known it. A man in front ot^nie tot nifrht exclaimed, in referring -to tlie feminine artifices of the leading female character in .Mr. Haddon Chambers' llffht und fluffy fabric:— 'Isn't tliat it perfect picture of the universal Jus-t then a ladr who sat bcliind mo remarked tersely, and evidently in n.-rorcnec to the role in vested by Mr. Drew:— '.hist like a nwn !' The .two comments, falling as they did one upon tlie heels of the. other, rcflcetrd the situation with photop-aphic cleamifn. The principal man of the play is just like a man, and the central woman is just like a woman. The success of tho Australian dramatist is indeed very satisfactory. Should.be Interesting. ?Mrs. Langtry, according to the 'Daily Mail,' is going to write her reminiscences. The determination to take the public into ?her confidence was. It seems, made sud denly upon the advice of a friend, who, believing that Mrs. Langtry was in a posi tion to put a good many interesting ex periences into print, suggested that a volume of her reminiscences would make most acceptable reading. Mrs. Langtry thinks so too, and so in duo time the book will bo mado and published for the enter tainment of eager thousands. ' Mother, is it Real ?' Mr. Edward Terry, according to a Lon don exchange, tells of a pretty incident which occurred during a tour in Australia. 'Do you know what I consider the most. glowing tribute I ever received ?' Tho compliment came 'from a child.. There was u. crowded house, an Intent audience, and humor had, for the Instant, given place to pathos. You might have heard a pin drop, and I felt tho tension ot the house was at breaking point. The intense silence was broken by a childish voice— a girl's— 'who, turning to her parent, asked, in a broken voice: 'Mother, is It real ?' ' . Mr. Kyrle Bellew, writing to the latest 'Era,' says : — 'Will you kindly allow me spaco enough to say that Mrs. Brown Potter and myaclt bad nothing whatever to do with the rnanaEoment of tho Comedj Theatro duriiin the run of 'The Ghetto.' From the tone of a grent quantity of let ters I receive It is evident that a wide spread idea is abroad that v:e wero con cerned therein. We simply contracted to play in the piece.' Mr. Ilollew might havo contradicted tho announcements mado be fore the production, for nasty people will be Inclined to think that ho would not have laken tho. trouble to deny anything had tho piece boon a success. Patrice DoiUR Well. , Speaking of Patrice, who was out. here with tho original 'Chinatown' Company, a writer In a New York journal says:— 'The qiiain'tly winsome comedienne began her fourth year in vaudeville last week at 'tho Griswold Opera House, Troy, N.Y.,. where sho met with emphatic success. Her tour IV already booked solidly, until; March,, covering a wide range, ot territory, both East and West. Patrice will, for the pro sent uso 'Edna's Ghost' and 'A New Year's Dream,' the Ja'jtei' being still iu wide: de mand for return dates. -During the Spring o£ 1900 she will produce in quite elaborate style George Totten Smith's now spectacu lar sketch, . 'Tho Girl in tho Mooni' for which sha will carry her -own scenery and many novel electrical effects. Credit is due to tlvis clever and energetic young actress for. hor; liberality and enterprise in pro viding her own stage accessories. She was the first of the female stars, in vaudevlllo to carry 'her own scenery and properties complete. As usual, she will have an ox tonslvb wardrobe of now gowns, several of which are said to be both costly and unique Iu design.' Mr. Albert Bellmann and Miss Lottie Mborp have mado a big hit— as it was fully expected they would — wrth JonC3 and Law rence's Company at the Creinorne Gardens, Perth. The local 'Herald' referahig to tlio opening of the comUiuoxion says: — GToat interest was excited by the first ap pearance o£ the sketch artists. Mr. Albert mM Bellman and J113S L0U1B Moore, who pre sented an adap tation of the comedietta, ' A Pair of Luna tics,' and who certainly did not disappoint the hig'h expectations which had 'been formed. Miss Lottie Moore proved to bo a comedienne of vivacity and ? re finement — t h e qualities are not always ailUed— and a good sin ger and dancer into tho bargain. . The scene in much tho two guests, each ot whom imagines the other 'to be a lunatic, and tries the power of the human eye, -was an excollont pleco of pantomime. Miss Moore's song, 'Mo- lons,' and Mr. Bellman's 'The Volunteer Organist' were each encored, and at the close of the scene, when they had sung a medley duet, there were several recalls, and Miss Moore 'was obliged to respond to the request 'Over.' « - ? ? The Brougli Co. Mr. Allan Hamilton, writing from Mel bourne Princess's,' says : 'The Brough Co. is doing excellent business. Our season ?here promises to be *ho most brilliant we have over had in Melbourne. The Cup ?week receipts were the record by several hundrods of pounds, and 'the booking ahead for tho next oouolo ot -weeks Is exception ally heavy.' News of thi3 sort is always gratlfyJng. A Nice Little Story. Hero is a rather nice little story, which may or may not bo new, but wbieh was certainly fresh to me, says a writer In the 'Pelican.' The wlfo of a well-known actor gave birth to a little son during last Wed nesday' nlgiht, and to Ms elder daughter, aged five, the proud actor-father raid next morning: 'Do you know, Maudlc, God came In the' middle of the night and brought you a Uttlo baby-brother.' 'I know that,' re plied the young lady. 'I was sure of it. I heard his boots creak on the stairs.' ?Mr. Will Whitburn and Mr. Charles Co gill are doing a skit at the Melbourne Bijou entitled 'Ohinky^and Valli.' 'Man and His Makers.' The coblo recently brought word that Wilson, Barrett's now play at the Lyceum, 'A Man and His Makers,' \yaa 'a complete triumph.' Tho papers to hand by tho latest mail are not confirmatory of this. Tho 'Daily Mail' says that it Is 'a groat sub ject, but not an exhilarating play.' The majority of the other ieadine journals speak a a. similar srtraio. 