TEPPOON. w [from Onr Own Correspondent.] A conbert was -held at the School of Arts on Saturday evening in aid of the fond for providing an organ for the chordi. 'The attendance was good, sonwWiing orer one hundred being present, including several of the neighbouring «aaera, aj*l a few from Kockltffinpton. Mr. J. W.FdwErpreaded. Tie proceedings ?were opened by a pianoforte duet, tastefully rendered (by Mr. Salisbury and Mr. W. Noon* This was foUowed by iffiiB Tucker and JESas Power, icbo gave 'Wluspering Hope.' Tlhe tnro Mjises Barry sang, 'Wfcat are t3ie Wfld WaTef Saying' with capital expression, and Mrs. Barry 'Jessie's Dream,' iwbMi -was loadly encored. dEss Tucker and Mrs. SaSSAury also g&re; a dndt, 'The Wind and Hie Harp.' Miss foster sang a -verf nice Song and a duet in company iwrth Ilr. Foster, who also rendered itSie 'Cork Leg' and 'The Tin Geeflee' in his usual Inmorons etyie, bath of which were duly appreciated. IGsi Tbompson sang, and Jtr. T. Perkins gave 'Nancy Lee' and a few other selections. Miss Horsmaai -playai several pieces on Out violin, and Sirs. SaSMbury ana Mr. V. TC2ey presided ai the pianfo. -Utogetiher a most enjoyable evening was spent, and the pro ceeds -frnancM'.y ktE give a big Eft to tbe new organ. It is pleasing to see tuM the School of Arts continues to prosper, as was evidenced by the new ptano recently purchased- When tlie committee can see their may towards making a few additions to the building, such as a verandah all round and ft couple of anal! reaffing or writing rooms apart from the Urge bin, tkere is oo doubt a wHl be very attractive. There appears to 3-e every probability of 9ome_iresh ^teps being taken in the direc tion , of iraflding the ra3nray Cram Tariby, as it is understood that l£r. KbrVh, who is at prffient engaged: in the sunvey of the CHaHstone- EoddiiunptOTi Jfaie, Sias recejvel inStmcSiona to start rbr Yeppooa as soon as he has jCOmpWted fiie .'work *e has in hand. The survey is to be from Tanby to Tep poon,'and 4betic& to tiie sugar ooul and be yond that through Ifaroboroogh, to the Wooabnrry sugar farms, passing Wood tflnds S&wKl; on tile Je¥t. As ft is all through cane land, on which (here is al ready a number of settlers residing, there is no liwbt: £te* there wiS be a large Aunt dC tratSc, both passengers and goods, from tbe first. ISiere are r/fliiVEOTne OiiDitsands df tons a! cane grown maud Woodbury besides lorier produce, and as die talk of the ftrewvjod for t3ie nrffl fur naces ia procured from WboVlbury tha^ done would give « large tonnage of load ing. The ?VToadhniy and Teppou rnafl, for Arnica tenders were opened in SiUbaae on the 17& insist, was again scarred by tbc present coritraictor, Mr. C. E. Broome. ?Nothing anore appears to iave (been heard or the boat load of sapptsed escapees froai ?New Oaledona. It is stated that a boat nrith eight men put into the bearih st Wyonee and took on boaal a' supply of fre* water, but before the local poBce could react the spot they bad again embarked bnd sailed nortfrwsrds. , The town is nearly full of visitors al Teaidy.ttntf th« soeeommodation ,wfll probably be ertremely limited long before CbriBt mas. Two new houses are going up, one on an allotment near ihe turning to Mr. C A. Schmidt's farm, and the other at the corner of James-street is being built for Mr. Coxen of Longreaoti, whSe Mr. Armstrong from the same place has leased Mrs. Woods's bouse for six months. A dfrisional board gang has been sent to clean the town drains and put tie culverts and .streets generally in repair. It is doing good work. The traction engine fa still doing good and regular work, taking ten to twelve tons of sugar daily to Tanbr. Mr. Bridge, lately from the old country, ias opened a Jemonade and aerated .water factory, ?which will probably be -well patro nised during the hot ?weather. ?Fish arc still very plentiful in the town, large catches having been made both by anglera and by seta and traps on the -beach. Yeppoon residents are expressing con siderable dissatisfaction at the attitude of their representative in Parliament on. the subject of the Transvaal contingent. The sews of the British successes has been most enthusiastically Teceired lere Qlr. J. Wilson, of Hlerslie farm, on Lime stone Creek, has leased that property to Mr. Lucas, Trho is now taking possession. Mr. Wilson has gone to the sew farm re cently purchased on Limestone Creek, near the bridge, where be intends growing a largo quantity of maize, hay, chaff, and vegetables. The ghosts at Mount Manilla, about which you recently bad an article in the 'Morning Bnlletm,' bave never been taaced, or at any rate laid, and *Mr. Cowan and tus famSy -who bave been so much annoyed by them were at last compelled to .abandon the selection. &Er.; Cowan has leased Adelaide Park for a term, and in tends dairying there on a large scale. The settlers, r-n -whom a special rate -was levied by the Gogango Divisional Board for the making of the road between Yeppoon an3 tbe Bv£eld Boad, are, TFitb ose exception, objecting to pay the rate, and, it is stated, intend to thrasTj the matter oat in Coart. The recent land sales is Yeppoon held bv Mr. -Sr. S. Curtis and Mr. B. Shaw show conclusively that town and suburban land here is rising- in vaine, and there is HStle doubt that as soon as Unl coming of the railway is a certainty, the country lands wffl a3so increase in value, a consummation that is devoutly to be wished for. The weather bas been all that could be desired, there being plenty of light rains, quite sufficient to keep tbe country looking beautiful and grass and waiter plentiful. The temperature for the meet part aas been cool and pleasant J Yeppoon, 23rd October, 1899. . ; 