Local and General. Toe Looust Plague. — The locust plague is within twenty miles of Albury. It appears to be making in an easterly direction. A Good Wheat Chop. — It is reported from Junee that 64,000 acres are under wheat in that district, being an inorease of 8000 on last season. The average is estimated at 10 bushels. Ohicket. — The following will represent the Half-Holiday in a club match against the Lagoon on the Orioket Ground to morrow afternoon :—W. L. Kable, W. 0. Richardson, W. Saville, H. West, G. Car penter, A. Keane, M. Tessimond, G. Bead, A. Hart, F. G. Murphy, and J. Burke. Mr Wbagqes' Forecast. — New South Wales — Temporarily fine, with southerly change south from Sydney under.diaturbance 'Numa,' with coastal showers there; further dust-storms, thunder-storms, local rains coming before long, under the monsoon 'Eahol.' Sea moderate, but rough S.B. from Bermagui. Hospital Demonstration Congest. — In connection with the .Hospital Sunday Demonstration a concert will be held on Wednesday, December 6th. The musical arrangements have been placed in the hands of Mr. T. H. Massey, organist of All Saints' Cathedral, and judging by the programme he has just issued the entertainment will be amongst the best ever given in Bathurst. The best available local talent has been secured, and amongst those who will take part are Miss Maud Hewson, Miss B. New man, Mr. 0. y. Naylor, Mr. C. Lupp, Miss Jean Love, Miss M. Ellis, Mr. J. Fish, Miss G. Seage, Mr. H. Hen Ion, Mr. J. Macdonald. An efficient orchestra, including the pick of local instrumentalists, will also assist, and knowing Mr. Massey's ability as a conduc tor, the public may confidently look forward to a musical treat. In addition to the usual musical items there will be a couple of operettas — ' My Unole's Ghost,' and ' The Blind Beggars.' Another Successful,. Artesian Bobe. — Another successful artesian bore is reported from the western country. The Minister for Lands has received notification from the Superintendent of Public Watering Places that on tbe 25th inst. a supply of 200,000 gallons of water per day was struck in ' the old Gnomery boro, on the pastoral holding of that name, which is about 18 miles from Goodooga, on the Culgoa Eiver. The bore is being excavated, under the authority of tho Artesian Wells Act, and tbe supply has boon struck at u depth of 2860ft from the surface. During the progress of the boring smallor supplies wore met with, one of 8000 gallons per day, at 2029ft, and another of 80,000 gallons at 2105ft, but tho boring was continued, with the result already stated — that a much larger supply has been tapped. Tenders hava been called for the construc tion of drains at this bore, and one has been received, but it is still under the considera tion of the Department. 