THE NOVELIST. THE SHALL NEAR COOLGARDIE CALLING. BY JOE SWALLOW. It was raining : It had been raining all day and did not look as though it could think about stopping for a week. This, too, was in a colony where they know what genuine rain means. It wasn't the musical, patter patter drizzle that comes down in Western Australia now and again and wets you through if you happen to stay out long enough. The low lying banks of cloud . overhead had become a colander and discharged a steady stream on the sodden earth, which declined to absorb another drop, and sent the water gushing; in rivulets and eddying into fresh cov?-: pools where the ground was hollow. The landlord and the bush lawyer stood on the verandah as Cobb and CO's. coach drew up in front, and the groom went forward to take charge of the horses, who, notwithstanding their fifteen miles stage in the blinding rain, had entered the township with a nourish- ing gallop that seemed to say they felt as fresh as paint. The driver got down from the box and was joined by the one passenger as he turned his steps towards the bar. My. sainted mother that was wet rain I said Tom Langdon, the driver, drawing off his oil skins before entering the bar "Where's that whiskey, O'Neil?" " Here you are Tom your own special." And O'Neil produced the Royal Blend mixture from behind the clock. "What's yours Mr. MacGregor, Walker, I suppose?" ' , "Has your man got my trap ready?" Angus MacGregor asked when he had swallowed his whiskey. "I told him I should want it this evening." .' What ! You really mean to push on to-night?" asked Langdon. " I'd rather you did it than me." I have no choice ; it won't be the first time I have faced a wetting," said the passenger harshly. He was middle-aged tall and stern look j looking-a man of few words and an season will. He had come down from Brisbane by coach that day, and had a drive of eight miles before him still. .' We're not implying it's your first a wetting, but it might be your last," of chipped in the bush lawyer. " Tnbun \ Creek is flooded, let me tell you, and I wouldn't swear the culvert hasn't been carried away. 'Better wait, man, until morning. We'll have some hot toddy and a rubber here to-night." "I tell you I must go on. I sent a batch of Kanakas down yesterday, and I must see that they begin properly. I can't afford to keep them in idleness." , " They can't . cut cane in this -h weather ?" My boys cut cane when the mill is ready for it-weather, or no weather." "You're a Scotchman, Mac, what'll 1 you do in heaven where there's no money to be made ?" \ I , " I'll pray for patience to put up with a. long-winded Irishmen,'" and there was a general laugh at Hogan's expense. ..'Wbatthedeuceiskeepingyourman? ' asked" "Angus peevishly, addressing ' O'Neil. *' I'll tell you," interrupted Langdon, "he's, waiting to feed my nags, and bed \- them down, of course. If Queen Victoria were' to come along and demand her violet velvet barouche to be got out like winking, every properly brought up groom would answer ' after Cobb and Co."' "I am quite aware that you have never seen such a fine fellow as yourself," sneered MacGregor. " Quite right ; no more I have. When I do I'll eat my way bill," laughed Langdon. " Where would all you chaps be in this God forsaken bush if we didn't find you out, and bring you tidings from 1 the Big Smoke? Instead of yahya ' ing you should go down on your knees, and offer up whole burnt offerings to the people who carry the Royal Mail through rain and shine, no matter how far back you bury yourselves in your hungry scrubs. Where's the road too bad, or the stage too long, or the hour of the day too early or too late for the lights of Cobb and Co Here's your moke. Go, if you're going, in peace, and take care of your neck at the culvert. Ask yourself what would become of the Southern district if the only MacGregor sailed out to sea in a buckboard buggy ?" "We'll be more comfortable without him," said O'Neil as MacGregor drove away. " The schoolmaster will make up the rubber, and he's a much more sociable " man." " It's Walker's whiskey that makes Mac what he is." Hogan declared oracularly "He would be quite a genial fellow creature if he would only drink Burke." , " Meanwhile the subject of these are marks made all haste possible to get to the doubtful culvert before dark. Jack, A the bay pony, realising that the miles must be kicked behind him ere shelter he" could, put his best foot foremost, Stilling up the hills, sliding on his prices down the " pinch," and canter- ing freely through the back water that lay fetlock deep on the Yubun flat. Angus breathed a sigh of relief to find the decking of the culvert above water, though the current was whirling, with fell designs on the earthen approaches. and " Hello ! " He was across the stream now and had nothing further to worry about when Jack propped, with a short of fear, just in time to prevent the wheel from passing over the body of a man. was " Here's the devil to pay." ' Angus MacGregor got out and touched the man with his foot. " Drunk, eh ? No, . -not a drunk this time. Thrown from his horse, most likely, one arm broken and a nasty cut on his head. Its-why, by all that's perverse, its Frank Dan- verse and I suppose I must play good Samaritan to him-of all fellows in the world." After forcing a few drops of whisky down the wounded man's throat he lifted him into the buggy, and, with one arms to 11 supporting him he continued his journey to Biudoonah. s They, were sugar planters, both of these men - their plantations lying about five miles apart. But, whereas one was worth almost untold wealth the other had nearly come to the end of his tether. MacGregor knew his business. He pinned his faith to a thousand acres of Riband and Striped Singapore, that averaged three tons of first sugar to the acre and no better cane has ever found its way into Queensland. But Danvers had been a mere new chum three years ago, when, having perhaps more money than discretion, he bought Nuguna, a partially reclaimed swamp of which eight hundred \- acres were planted in Black Java and Otaheite, villainous stuff both. When the first year's crushing resulted in a poor yield of grey-looking sugar, he did not plough every stock out of the ground joy and replant it, but hoped for better ? things next year, and found them worse. ' He was at present virtually in the hands of a bank, and unless he could arrange for a fresh mortgage, he did not know the day, nor the hour he would have to give up. " 1 say, where have I been all this time ?"' he asked feebly one morning, five weeks later, as his senses were returning. " You've been here, but your- wits went off to a no-man's land where I couldn't follow," Angus informed him. The frown deepened on Frank's face. "A spill off Firefly, eh?" , '? We suppose so. She came back looking very penitent. I picked you up at Yubun Creek, and drove you here." " I remember she came, down on her head, and turned a somersault over me. I say, what day is it ?"' \- " The second of August." " Help me up, will you, like a good chap, I have important business to see to " keep cool and lie still. I'll have the doctor pitching into me for letting you chatter." " But I must get up, I tell you ! It was awfully good of you to look after me all this time. I don't know why you took the trouble. I thought you had rather a down on me. But the fact is old man, I've got to go up to Brisbane at once. Its about an advance. I wrote to the head branch of the bank and they'll wonder why I haven't been." " What - what - what's this I hear about banks, and advances ?" exclaimed Dr. White, coming in with cheeks like twin apples, from his ride. '' These aren't fit subjects for a man in your condition, You shouldn't allow it, you know," he said to MacGregor, and then in a lower tone, " I'll not answer for his life if you let him get wind of things." '. Caution Mrs Malone then, I'll send her to you. I've got to get over to the mill as soon as possible." And MacGregor nodding to both men, want out. It was a week later that Frank, now pronounced out of danger, insisted on speaking of money matters. "Tell me MacGregor. It's no use going on in this silly fashion any longer. Are they crushing over at my place all this time?" " Tell us. can't you ?" For Angus MacGregor had only looked back into Frank's eyes in silence. "' If you don't answer my questions I'll collar a nag from your stables and ride home this very night. Tow once more: how 13 my crushing turning out ?" ''They are not crushing at Nuguna." " Not crushing and it's been freezing hard for weeks ! "Why hasn't Hepburn seen to it ?" "Because if you will have the truth the bank has put a man in "The bank? put a man in! Fore- closed do you mean?" Frank asked, in- credulously. MacGregor nodded. " You would have it, you know "But they can't have done that ! Why the place was only mortgaged for a couple of thousand." MacGregor spoke drily. " You owed some interest, I believe, and meant to square it with the early part of the crushing? Well, there's been no crush- ing. The bank was in a great hurry to turn you out, and they've managed to cut their own throats over the matter. The man they sent down didn't know what to do. He sought wisdom in drink and has been seeking it ever since. The cane is frosted and utterly destroyed, you know what always happens in low land, and the ground was soured from the winter rains. It isn't pleasant to have to tell you this, but you would not thank me for keeping it from you any longer." " Quite so. it has been kept from me too long," Frank said slowly. " You were not a week here when it happened, and when your senses came back to you the mischief was done." " I am not blaming you, Mac, I shall never be able to repay you for what you have done, but, get me my trousers, will you ?" I want to see Ellwood." " And, Miss Ellwood, eh ?" " Who told you ?" "When you were off your head you told me a good many things," MacGregor said with a curious laugh. " I have never spoken to her, you know, and I don't know that she will listen to me when I have kicked her father." " Ellwood is not at fault, I assure you, he had instructions from headquarters and could not disobey." " You seem to know a good bit about my affairs, Mac. ?" " Ellwood confided in me, because, for a time, we didn't know whether you'd ever be a responsible creature again. He was a good deal upset." t " I beg your pardon. It was natural that you should talk things over. I may not be able to reconcile the kicking with my conscience, after all." " Does that mean that you will offer your heart and misfortunes to Ellwood's daughter ?" " Not just yet, not until I have money, and can provide her with the home she deserves." I must say I think you are perfectly right. It would not be fair to bind her until you can see your way a bit clearer." "Oh I'll see my way pretty soon. There is a huge mistake somewhere, and I am going to make those fellows pay for the loss of this year's cane, and injury to 'my credit. I had Ellwood's promise of an extension of time." " In writing ?" " No. not in writing, but, sling me my clothes will' you, I am going out to make somebody sit up." But after all there was nothing for him to do but submit- to the stormy interview with Ellwood, the bank manager, he found that they had the law on their side. They had discovered that the place was not adapted for sugar growing. It never had been, and trying to carry on would be throwing good money after bad. , "But, you offered to accept a bill of sale over the stock?" Frank was desperate. " Now look here, Mr. Danvers, you have had my answer. Our people are not to be moved. You should thank your stars that they don't proceed against you for obtaining money under false pretences in the first instance. It never was sugar land." Two minutes later a couple of clerks rushed into the manager's room to rescue him from the clutches of an angry Englishman. "There he is, I have finished with him," said Frank, pointing to the little man sitting in an ungainly heap in the corner'. " He knows where to find me if he means to tell the world that he got his deserts to-day." The day following be, chanced to meet Miss Ellwood gathering maidenhair fern near the creek. They both hesitated for a moment, and then Frank held out his hand. " You have been ordered not to speak to me, I suppose?" "I did not think you would care to speak to me, she answered, her face flushing and paling. " You don't think I blame you for my bad luck ?"' " You blame my father and I don't wonder she said boldly. " Well, perhaps I do. but I feel better after my meeting with him yesterday." " Did you meet, have you come to an understanding ?" she asked eagerly. Undoubtedly, but you mustn't ask what is the nature of that understand- ing," he laughed. '. You have been very ill, they tell me. Are you quite well now?" " My arm is a bit stiff, but, like Bret Harte's hero. " I can shoot as well with my left." " He was thinking of what that left hand had done yesterday. I never liked Mr. MacGregor " Beryl said frowing a little," " but it was nice of him to look after you. If you quite forgive me for being named Ellwood, tell me what you are going to do." "I am going to sell the horses and few sticks that are mine and go away." " Far away ?" It was not the breeze that set the ferns in her hands quivering. "A good step I am going to the goldfields in Western Australia. " I am sorry you are going so far," she murmured, her eyes downcast. " But of course if you are very fond of money. to the best place to go." "I want to make a great deal of money do you know why ?" He took her wrists in his hands and went on. " I have been dreaming dreams lately, but I've had a very rude awakening. I must not tell you those dreams yet, it's best for you that you should not have anything to conceal. When I come back dear, with money shall you be just a little bit glad to see me?" "Money! money!" she cried, wrench- ing her hands away. " I hate to hear you speak of money as though there were no other good thing in life." " But I must have money dear and lots of it, your father hurt my pride, and I could not come to him empty handed and ask for you."' " But Coolgardie is so far !" " We must look forward to the time when I return, was you promise this dear Beryl ? To his surprise when he told MacGregor of his plans the other offered to go with him. "But you are rolling in wealth man, you don't need to face the music as I must." "Do you think I am too old?" " My dear chap, what a silly notion ! Most certainly not." "lara, barely fifty; and assure you, I don't feel to old for this adventure nor for any other." " I should hope not. I was for the moment absorbed in the bare question of filthy lucre and forgot that you might actually enjoy the jaunt. I needn't tell you that I shall be delighted to have a mate more especially one who has been such a good friend as you' '. That's settled thee. If you like I'll buy your bags and so forth at whatever you think fair. You don't particularly hanker after an auction, I suppose ?" " But Mac, why should you ?" " That's my business youngster," he laughed, drily. I can do with the drays and naturally I shall want the draught horses. " The saddle hacks you may buy back when we make our pile, if you wish. Better say yes, and let us get away this week. Why wait until the fellows over there have picked up ? all the good things ?" ' You are something like a friend! Do know all that time I was off my head, I had a notion that you were chasing me with a drawn sword. That will show you how ratty I was." "Such fancies are not uncommon, I believe, to people in that state. You have quite got over your idea of my enmity I hope ?" " Quite Frank answered, with evident feeling. It would be a queer world if anything could induce me to lose faith in you." r. CHAPTER II. ' ' Coolgardie in '94 with its hundreds of tents, its thousands of pot-holes. Its evil smelling camels, stretching their vicious heads, and groaning from pure " cussedness" as their load increase cf, protesting loudly, as each package was fastened to the pack saddle, that this, indeed, was the last straw. Its multitudes of lucky diggers, its still greater multitude of " stone brokers," who, notwithstanding, were fairly jolly. Dame Fortune did not smile on the Queenslanders. They tried their luck in three or four alluvial claims, but never managed to strike '" pay gravel." Frank remembered long afterwards that it was always the older man who decided on the ground to be fossicked in, often, as not against the advice of practical diggers. In one hole it almost seemed that they came near gold, but MacGregor declared he knew of a real good thing, and they moved on, only to learn later that Fogarty's party had bottomed on splendid gold a few feet lower down in the same shaft. Frank early grew disheartened, he had not been able to raise more than a couple of hundreds to embark in this spec, and the money was rapidly melting. MacGregor suggested the purchase of a team, there was more to be made carrying, he said, than digging, and Frank pub all his remaining cash into horseflesh. For a couple of months they made good money, and then the poison plant appealed to the jaded palates of the team, and they died upon the wayside. To make matters worse the dray, loaded with provisions, which was only a day's journey from Coolgardie, caught fire in some mysterious manner, and every vestige of that load was destroyed. The consignees threatened legal proceedings, but Angus settled their claim privately, since Frank Danvers was actually on his uppers at last. The two men had been mates hitherto, that is as far as a poor and rich man can be mates without loss of self respect to the needy member. They had put equal shares with every venture, though each speculation left them poorer than the last. MacGregor, with the capital at his command, had bought into several shows and was in a fair way towards becoming a million are at the time when Frank had "blued" his last half sovereign in tinued groceries. Quite suddenly Angus started for Perth-from which place he wrote back, saying important business called him away to Queensland-and that very day, strange to relate, things began to mend with Frank Danvers. True, he was not making a fortune ; as a matter of fact he was collecting old meat and jam tins, melting the solder out of them and selling it to the men who made condensers. For variety he did a bit of dry blowing at Fly Flat, and made a rise. Then, after a providential shower, he went speaking in Hogan's gully, and at last he felt assured he had mounted an upward wave. If only Beryl would answer his letters ! One Sunday morning as he went to the post office and elbowed his way forward when his name was called, he received a letter from MacGregor, with the Perth post mark on it. '* Back again ?" he thought. " Thank heaven. Now, at last, I shall hear some ing of her " and he did. The letter was very brief merely written to inform him that the writer would reach Coolgardie in the course of a week. " " I am not coming alone I was married in Queensland five weeks ago. The lady is not unknown to you, and, as she was once a flame of yours you will understand that I do not wish you to see very much of her. Mrs. MacGregor's maiden name was Beryl Ellwood His wife Beryl ! The man must be raving mad to say such a thing ! Beryl, who loved him he would swear if ever a girl had loved who was waiting for him, he was sure of it ! Why she absolutely could not stand MacGregor she had told him so Again and again. That delicate little morsel of womanhood, girlhood, rather, for she was not twenty married. Married pair! sold, rather, to the grey-headed man who was once his friend ! Sold, that was the word for it. MacGregor was now rich " beyond the dreams of avarice " and he had bought her body and soul, and Frank wished him joy of his bargain. He remembered the old song and laughed grimly as he recalled the last time he had heard it. "The owner was screaming when Johnny said weeping. Wad wed w's old Nick if t ed keep them aye braw." MacGregor had sung the last words over with a sinister meaning the night before he went away. The MacGregor's were not many days at Coolgardie when Frank chanced to meet them face the face. He slightly raised his hat and passed on with a stony expression. Beryl looked nervously from one man to the other, hesitated, as though she wished to hold out her hand and Frank thought he heard MacGregor speak sharply to her. " The bound !" he muttered and then a cynical mood seized him. " Quite right, he has bought and paid for her in hard cash. It is only reasonable that he should guard his purchase." But Frank could not keep dwelling in that meeting, he despised Beryl, cordially of course, but it was not easy to keep his feelings of contempt at concert pitch when he thought of that sad little ghost, with its almo3tfrightened half smile, she was not happy that was plain, and although he told himself roughly that it served her jolly well right he was sorry for her. They did not meet- again for months since Frank had gone to Hannans but it chanced that MacGregor also went there later on since he had irons in the fire than he could keep going with satisfaction to his insatiable greed for gold. Then it chanced that Frank and Beryl met one day, when her husband was away at Kanowna she would have passed, but Frank stood defiantly in her path. ''Is there any reason why we should not speak?" he asked, brusquely. " We were friends, of a kind, when we parted." " Yes but everything is different now." I am not denying it for a moment." And he laughed shortly " I had nothing, even then yet that which I had has been taken away. And you-" She winced and drew back. " Yes I know you need not say it." "But you must allow me to congratu- late you as the wife of the richest man on the fields you are entirely to be envied." She bowed slightly her lips drawn out in a strange smile though her eyes were moist. I thank you, you are very good." And she moved away. From that day there was no doubt about her avoidance of him; he saw her more than once deliberately turn aside And even turned back when she saw that going on would have brought about a meeting. " Does she think I want to make love to her?" he asked himself fiercely." That day has gone by. I will not be shunned as if I were the plague. I'll make her speak to me." Great, indeed, was his surprise one evening, on receiving a note by special messenger: "I want to see you. I must see you this evening. Beryl MacGregor." When he came to Wisdom's Hotel, where she was staying, he saw at once that something unusual had happened. She was moving about, restlessly, her cheeks flushed, a look of desperation in her eyes, and the hand she gave him was deadly cold. " I had to send for you, I find I must tell you everything, if you would care to listen." " For God's sake, Beryl, let me know what it all means. How is it that I find you, you of all people, married to that man, whom in the old days you dis- trusted and disliked ?" " Because I am a fool the greatest fool under the sun. Oh, I should have been drowned, when a baby, I think. instead of living to be the idiot I am !" " Beryl !" " Be patient, I mean to tell you everything. I am so angry that I must speak. I wonder if you knew that I had refused him before you and I got to know one another." I never dreamed of it." " No. I suppose not, but I did, for I hated him. I always felt that a black snake was creeping about when he was near. I was so happy when I knew that you liked me." " Liked you, Beryl Hush, you must let me choose the word, but you went away, afraid, to bind me, forsooth, as though I should not have been glad to let the whole world know what I thought of you." " Oh my dearest-" " Be quiet, Frank !" with a little stamp of her foot. " You must not say those things now, it's altogether too late. And I shall not be able to tell everything if you hamper me. You went away, and I trusted you wholly, even though no letters came, for I thought you may have gone where there were no mail services." " Beryl, I wrote to you I wrote three times, and then, thinking your father must have got my letters, I sent one under cover to Mrs. Malone, Mac Gregor's housekeeper, ' but I never had a line in return." " You wrote to me ?" she asked in- credulously, and then, after a moment's thought. " Who posted your letters ?" " Good Lord, yes, I never thought of that !" Frank cried, a light breaking in on him. He always went into Coolgardie. I stayed at work in the claim. "Oh. Frank, you were a great fool nearly as great as I was. He stopped your letters, but his own came to father, regularly, and there was always a word or two about you, seldom to your credit, and we had battles royal father and I." " What did he say of me ?" " The usual things, those that hurt a girl most. You were dissipated, I did not believe it, you were hanging round hotels, playing billiards, and card sharp- ing. I laughed, but the stories hurt me, and then, you were dangling after some- body else, and I never got a line from you to prove these things false, never a line." " Am I on trial ? Shall I deny them now ?" "Please no ; I have known for months how much these tales were worth." " Yet you must have believed them, or you would not have put yourself out of my reach." "No, no, it was not that made me marry him, it was something very dreadful ! Father got into difficulties she hesitated this part of her story was not easy. " Debts, eh ?" " No, not debts, quite. He did something dreadful with money that was not his own." " Your father ?" " Oh, it's horrible to have to tell you this ! Yes, my father. He took two thousand pounds to speculate, and lost it. It was to provide for me, he said. Oh, poor father Î As though. I care about money. Then, to set himself right with the bank, he forged Angus MacGregor's name to a cheque, and paid back the first money with the result of his second crime." " Oh, Beryl, I understand now. Man. found it out, and you were the price of his silence." She nodded. I refused at first. It seemed impossible, but he went down on his knees to me, my own father-" She covered her face with her hands. " It seems such a horribly indecent thing to say of him. It shocked me more than I can tell. I thought of you, far away, who, perhaps, had ceased to care for me, and, well, here I am." " Here you are, my poor Beryl, and what am I to say to you ? Your husband is the greatest scoundrel I have ever met, or imagined, and if you say the word I'll break his neck to-night." " You call him a scoundrel for that, do you 'Wait until you hear the whole of his treachery, I have only learned it to-day. Father writes to me, a confession, and he says I must tell you everything, and obtain your forgiveness, as though that will do him any good," this with scorn. How has your father injured me, beyond making you pay the penalty for his sin ? Had it anything to do with the way in which they seized my place when I was ill that time ?" "It had everything to do with that. The day Angus found you lying on the roadside he was coming back from Brisbane, where he had just extracted a promise from the head manager that you were to receive no quarter. August was a big depositor, and he was also a director of the bank. Father and he concocted the plan between them, you were to be ruined and drummed out of the district. Then, when you spoke of coming here they feared you might succeed, and go back and many me," she let her eyes meet his bravely as she spoke. They knew I should have said yes to you, rich or poor, if you asked me." '. Beryl, spare me ! It is only now I can see what a fool I have been." "Yes, I know," said she, gently. " We were fools together, yet not together, and that makes all the difference. Well, they decided that you must not succeed, and he came with you. You; remember the circumstances of your side. He did not mind what it cost him, So long as he got you out of the district. He came with you to make you spend your money as" foolishly as possible, to watch your letters, and spread poisonous tales about you that would reach my ears. Oh, I know everything now ! There is not one little bit of his wickedness that is hidden from me any more. But I have done with him for ever and ever I am going back to poor father to-morrow." '* I shall not allow it. Do you think I am less or more than a man, child, that I can let you go out of my life now ?" OF Frank-how-how horrid of you ! How silly and common-place you must think me after all. Do you think I should have told you this if I were not sure of myself?" " But why go to your father when he helped to ruin our lives ? To me they seem equal in iniquity." " Didn't I tell you ? No there was so much to tell. Father has had a fall, that injured his spine, and the doctors say he will never walk again. [ thought I had said so, at first. This is why he wants your forgiveness, you know." and she laughed drearily. He has got religion' at the eleventh hour, and has nothing else to wish for, he says." " Poor wretch take him any message you like from me he has only been a tool from the beginning, but may God judge between Angus MacGregor and me, when we meet !" The next morning a digger discovered the mangled body of Angus McGregor at the bottom of a shallow shift. Beryl did not leave Coolgardie that day. There was the inquiry to be faced the horrible questions that would be asked and must be answered. She had only feared her husband yet the thought of him lying dead, murderer, so near almost drove her demented. She dreaded, with an unspeakable dread the moment when suspicion would be fixed upon some one. One moment she would think of sending to Frank and bidding him go away at once where she should never see him, but the fear that her doing so might set tongues wagging forced her to bear her Secret alone. They had met and quarrelled, she felt sure, and struggled, but he had not meant to do murder. Oh no no, he could never have meditated so awful a chime. Then she decided to risk all, and see him if only for a moment. On the morning of the inquiry she went to his claim, only to find his mate working it alone. Danvers had sold his interest in it, Jim Doran said, and left the district a day or two ago and he did not know where he had gone. . Beryl make no sign of law deeply thankful she was to know this he was gone into hiding no doubt, and it rested with her to save him, and she would, at whatever cost to herself. The inquiry come on and his evidence could throw no light on the mystery of her husband's death. He had gone up to Coolgardie the previous day to deposit a quanity of gold at the bank. She had not seen him again alive. No she was not un- easy when he failed to return, he had a great many things to attend to. The bank officials proved that he had deposited the gold and started back in the afternoon. The murder had not been committed by robbers, as the dead man's watch and sovereign case were on his person. Re-examined, Beryl said she thought it quite likely her husband had enemies, everybody had. An expression of surprise went round the room. The remark was considered flippant by some. Did she know for a fact that he possessed an enemy in the district? It had come when. Beryl's face went white as she said " I cannot answer that question' " But I insist madam. It is a very important question, I will put it in another form. Do you suspect any individual of having perpetrated this atrocious crime ?" " I must decline to answer." " What am I so conclude from your attitude," exclaimed the coroner. " Is it possible that you know who murdered your husband, and are shielding him ?" Beryl's eyes wandered round Shah line of suspicious faces, and a must for a moment obscured the anguish in her eyes " Oh Frank !" was her secret though, I shall not mind if only the sacrifice prevail ! ' Beryl faced her tormentor. ' There is a law I believe, for such as I ? You can not compel me to incriminate myself ?" " You admit, then, that you do know something of this matter ?" "I beg that you ask me nothing further; in self defence I must be silent." " You i are aware, I suppose of what conclusion the world will arrive as if you persist in this course ?" The coroner said harshly. . , . " Yes " the answer was a mere whisper " but that will be better for me than the whole truth." "An unnatural creature !" was the com event of hundreds who read the account of that inquiry, " a cruel bad hearted woman who ought to be whipped," many women declared, a woman who is good as confessed herself a murderess ought to be stoned, at the very least, to make her speak. But gradually the nine days' wonder of the murder was superseded by other thrilling topics. It might even have been forgotten if Beryl had left the fields as many predicted she would, but such was not her wish. " While I am here," she thought, " those dreadful people who find clues will try to weave them round me. If I go away they will fasten item on to somebody else." She was glad, yes glad, to think her duty no longer called her away. A telegram had come from Queensland before the inquiry was concluded to say her father's life was ended. She knew how he had dreaded lying like a dog for years and years, and was glad to think his suffering was over. Poor Beryl ! for months so utterly alone in the midst of the rollicking life around her. Shunned by women, pitied yet mistrusted by men, what wonder if at times her burden seemed too heavy ? " I must bear it I must keep up, and oh, dear heaven, I musn't get fever whatever happens !" That was her greatest fear now, that she should get typhoid like so many others and let out the truth in her ravings. She thought to make a bargain with God : She would do everything possible for his creatures, if only he could avert this danger from her path she would be. " Hands and feet to those who did attend ' them By the gold and by the silver that she gave." She was rich, even as riches go in these luxurious days, for the will which her father had seen her husband sign on their marriage morning left to her all his possessions. It was a pleasure to spend Shah wealth in deeds of mercy. In Time, as the fierce heat of summer came down, and fever spread like a pestilence through the land she ventured to offer not only money, but the labour of her hands and heart where she need was greatest, and her offer was gladly accepted She was not a skilled nurse, but she knew enough to obey orders implicitly and, gaining confidence, would venture into tents where strong men lay in the grasp of the scourge that laid so many low in the summers of 1895 and 1896. It was Christmas eve the nurses in the hospitals more dead than alive, some of them, were glad enough when Mrs. MacGregor. who had recently often lightened their work, offered to sit up in one of the wards during the night. She liked the hospital work, but she ; never came there save when there were no outside cases to be attended. Just lately a strange feeling had come to her. It was as though it whisper from realms unknown had been breathed about and around her, bidding ber hope for a time when, in the near future, his very name would be a meaningless sound in the ears of men, for Frank was dead. Frank was dead, that was the only good thing she could wish for now : living, he must have come back long ago. to strike terror and anguish anew in her heart even through her eyes hungered for, yet dreaded, his presence. " It is best and I bless God for his mercy." She thought many a time but in the long sleepless nights she buried her face in her pillow, and tried with impotent hands, to shut out the ghastly thought of that, lying, somewhere 'neath the rays of the pitiless sun. " Under the salt bush sparkling brightly Out where the wild dogs chorus nightly That's where the dead men are." This evening she struggled to keep her thoughts from dwelling on a Christmas eve in another land when all was mirth and' laughter, where many had gathered together in the vine clad verandah, and the dollar birds chartered in the ti-tree, and the ' jackasses, joyous chorus came wafted from the fringe of gum tree down by the creek and Frank had said Oh no no, no, put that away out of sight, out of memory, for ever and ever ! Frank is dead, and mercifully forgotten, let the past die too. Were those tears ? How stupid ! she dried them hurriedly, and, looking round the ward for something to do, was drawn to a bedside where a big Indian, gaunt and hollow eyed, lay dying of galloping consumption. " Drink this " said she, gently raising his head on her arm while she held the cup to his lips. " The man had interested her for months and of late finding him well versed in the English tongue she had often conversed with him. It was owing to her persuasions that he had come to the hospital. Ahmed Khan drank the milk and sank exhausted back on his pillow. " It is not meet that thou shouldst perform these lovely offices for me." " It is my joy to do these things," she answered gently. '. And thy joys are not many, eh, poor widowed one tell her-" his fierce eyes burned into her soul. " If the slayer of thy lord lay dead at thy feet, wouldst thou be glad of heart?" " No, no, what a terrible thought ! You must not speak of such things'" " And yet the sight will be thine before another sun shall rise." Ahmed Khan, what do you mean?" and she recoiled in horror! " Ah, said 1 not, it is not meet that thou shouldst give me to drink ?" He moved his head impatiently, and a little froth and blood flowed from his month. She placed a piece of ice between his lips, and waited, breathless. To question him and make him speak in his present state, might make him die, with his secret locked in his breast. She prayed for patience. Presently the dying man Spoke, " He was an evil man." She bowed her head, I know IN He robbed me of all I possessed, and would not make restitution. That night he died. "Then knowest, lady, we are all Allah's children, the 'white and the brown, yet the laws of your land forbid that we should seek for gold." " I have heard so, it is not a just law." " It is not just. The earth is my mother, even as she is thine. We men of India have drawn our swords in the great Queen's battles, and with honour too, as this badge may tell. I am not a low cost Hindoo, but a free born Mahomedan, and I would not submit to the evil laws of the land found gold, and thy lord agreed to sell it for me and for my countrymen, for we had not the written paper, the miner's right. The white man was to keep a fifth portion for his own, but when I met him as he rode back on his bicycle, and asked for that which was mine, he laughed at me. The man was made of a surety, else he would never have defied me. He kept all, not a fifth part as we had agreed upon, but all, and for his sin I killed him." Beryl had listened, fascinated, afraid to move, lest she might check the story, but now, as he paused, she wiped his brow, and moistened his lips. " Thine is a gentle heart. Allah reward thee," he murmured. " Ahmed Khan, I do not judge, I leave that to One before whom thou shalt soon appear; but for my sake, wilt thou sign a paper, confessing, so that the man I thought guilty, and grieved for, may be cleared before all men?" " I have seen to it, lady. The paper is even now on my heart. Do thou take it, when I go hence, for my time is come." He sat up suddenly and thrust out both arms. " Now can I die !" he laughed, and the laugh ended in a chok- ing cough, and he was dead. At grey streaks of dawn a nurse entered the ward with a fragrant cup of cocoa. " Yon poor girl, what a time you have had ! Drink this, and a merry Christmas to you-'' She looked round the quiet ward, from the sleeping to the dead. " If not this Christmas, why, dear, the next, and many of them." Beryl drank a mouthful of the cocoa, and then a wild burst of weeping shook her. " There, there, good gracious, girl, what's the matter? The death un- nerved you, eh? It upsets me, even, though I have seen enough, heaven knows." " It isn't that, nurse. It's because I am so happy," sobbed Beryl. " So happy ? I'm glad you told me, I shouldn't have found it out for myself. Now go straight home, take a bath, and go to bed. What a blessing it is to be rolling in riches and able to have a bath every day. When Beryl left the hospital the upper disc of a blood red sun was show- ing above the. horizon. - She wanted to sing and dance, and call aloud " He did not do it, he did not do it!" A young goat that was nibbling a dust covered stubble came towards her, his head lowered, playfully. He wanted her to rub his budding horns, and give him banana skins. She slipped an arm round his neck and kissed him between the eyes. " He didn't do it, Kiddums, I wronged him, my darling, darling. He is dead, somewhere in the world, and I shall never see him-" She stopped suddenly and her words ended in a shriek. The man who had risen from a mullock heap was Frank Danvers in the flesh. " Beryl, have I frightened you ? They told me that you were at the hospital, and I waited here. Beryl, dear, dear little girl, I came to you the moment I heard what had happened. '. Oh, Frank, it is you, then ? Why, why have you never written to let me know that you were alive ?" " I have been in the interior, five hundred miles Nor'-West, a party of us. I started an hour after parting from you, six months ago, for I felt I should be making a fool of myself had I stayed. Ten days ago we met some fellows who told us all the news, and I cut away on our smartest camel at once. Tell me, my dearest, what made you behave so strangely at the inquest. You were hiding something from all those people, but you will tell me, Beryl And she told him everything, not only what she had believed, but" what she learnt from the dying man, and Frank was more moved than he had ever been in his life.. " You courted this suspicion and bore ; it all these months for me, Beryl?" " Don't be angry, Frank ! When I look at you now I think I must have been mad to believe what I did, but I never for a moment thought of anybody else." .' Angry, dear ? I am only very thankful. It might, indeed, have been my fate if he and I had remained here. When I remembered how he had cheated me, I really couldn't answer for myself. I see now that you couldn't help thinking it was my work, as I disappeared the same night." " And I was glad you had vanished. Think of that, Frank! Actually glad to think that you had gone where nobody had ever heard of you, or Angus or me." "And are you as glad to have me back ?" "Oh, Frank, I cried and howled an hour ago, because I was so happy. What can I say now ?" " You can say that you will marry me, Beryl." " Yes, I can say that I will marry you." She blushed and slipped her hand into his, " I am only waiting to be asked." 