MW-liffijBM'i ' -V. ? ? — ? : ? ♦ ? ?—* '. ? ARRIVAL OF THESTEAMEB MORESBY. Messrs. Burns, Philp, anfl Company's steamer Moresby, tifceir regular trader to New Guinea and New Britain, arrived yesterday from one of her periodical visits to the islands, and after spending considerable time complying with health authori ties diction at Watson's Bay, and pumping out all fresh water in the quarantine waters the Mores by came up to an anerorage in Jobnstone Bay. but scarcely had her anchor down when ^ie was or dered to shift, and she had to proceed to Neutral Bay: Captain Williams reports an uneventful voyage. The trip, from 'a weather point of view, proved a most pleasant one, but rain at times was experienced. The Moresby left Newcastle on December 22, called at Cooktown on December 28, received mails and passengers, and left at 4 a-m. on December 29. rArrived at Thursday Island on January 1, left again on January 4, and arrived at -Samarai at noon on January 9. Afteivdis charging cargo and New Guinea passengers had gone ashore the Moresby left by the China Straits for New Britain, reached on January 14. A stay in the -group lasted about eight days, and on January 22 a start was made for Sydney. Rossel Island was sighted on January 24, and a fine wea ther passage ensued to Smoky Cape, which was abeam at 5.30 a.m. yesterday. ' The Heads were entered . at 10.30 a.m. to-day. Concerning .news from New Britain, Captain Williams reports: On January 18 a native was being tried at Herbert shohe before the new judge, Dr. Schue, for the murder of .the crew of the schooner Sea Ghost at Boouka; some months previously he was. condemn ed to be hanged. News had reached Herbertshohe of the destruction by fire of ,£6 tons of copra at the. ShorOands,- lowned by Mr. TyndalL. The 'copra is supposed to have been set on fire by natives. The judge will make inquiries into the matter, when the whole affair 'will be thrashed out. Great sympathy is felt for Mr. Tyndall in his misfortune, as the schooner Sea Ghost was also owned by him It was intended that the Moresby should call on this trip at Shortlands and 6hip the copra. The copra was uninsured. The steamer Captain Cock, chartered by the New Guinea Company, was at anchor at Herbertshohe at Christmas. It is the intention of all the large firms here to have auxil iary vessels for trading purposes. Hersheim and Company are getting a boat from San Francisco. The New Guinea Company is building one in Ger many, and the well-known firm of Forsyth are ha ving one built in Sydney. Dr. Hall, the German representative of the German or Bismarch Archi pelago, has gone to Europe in the steamer Stettin, via Singapore, and his successor is Dr. Schue. At Matupi the barque Alpha was loading for home ports. The passengers to disembark at Sydney were Miss Waldow, Father Leo, .Mr. . Campbell, Mr. Rider, Master Williams, and Mrs. A. Zenthon; and three in the steerage. ... 