On the 7th inst. Mr G. H. Tolley, the surveyor of the site of the proposed new Coliban reservoir, who came from Mildura, and now resides in Simpson street, Kyneton, wrote to the Mildura Fruitgrowers' Association and suggested that samples of their dried fruits might be forwarded in charge to him for exhibition at the Kyneton chrysanthemum show on Wednesday, 26th inst. Mr Tolley's letter was referred to the committee of the Mildura Horticultural Society, who have advised him that they have been preparing a small exhibit for some of the autumn shows, and have very gladly accepted his kind offer to take charge of an exhibit for the Kyneton show. They will arrange to have 13 boxes of show fruit and six boxes of olive oil sent to Mr Tolley, and these no doubt will form one of the chief attractions of the show. We have been informed on reliable authority that a large quantity of the dried fruits retailed in shops as having been raised at Mildura has been raised elsewhere, and is much inferior to the Mildura fruits. The people of Kyne- ton next week, will, however, be afforded an opportunity of witnessing the genuine articles. Many farmers arc now putting their crops in with drills, and us ing fertilisers toaśsist in starting the growth of the seed. It has been arranged byjtbe acting Minister óf Agriculture that advice concerning the selection of artificial manures should be given -to farmers by Governmentlnstructors, They will 'visit the principal farming districts jaud• classify the soils. Advice will be given as to the best fertilisers to be applied to particular soils tor. d ccrtaln crops, and arrangements .will be made; d for havingexperimeritalplots £n difierentdistricts. It is expected tiiat itbe object lessons M c given will KSQlt 111 iariniiig being carried on" M in a more scientific manner in yictoria. : Last night a sacred service of song, entitled "Eva," which consisted oE readings f from "Uncle Tom's Cabin," especially that o part which treats of the character and death f of Eva, was given in St. Andrew's Church in e aid of the funds of the proposed new Snndav t school, the erection of which will shortly be p undertaken. The church was in possession of o a large audience, and much interest was p taken in the cantata, which was attended h with great success. The choir and the elder scholars occupied a platform beside the pulpit. M iss Mary Shaw sang "The Better Land"; Mrs o E. Ward.and Uiss Vail sang "The Sea of a Glass"; Mr A.Campbell sang "Remember now thy Creator;" and quartettes were sang by l Misses Crewther and Shaw and Messrs Campbell and Farren. Vocal contributions were also l rendered by tht choir, and the series of connected readings between the music were given by the Rev L. Tak, B. A Mr H. W. Bromley presided at the organ. The programme was well rendered, and the audience was highly pleased with the performance. On Tuesday evening as Mr Whitelaw, farmer, of Barfold, was riding home from Kyneton, and near the cemetery, his horse allied at a light which v/as being carried behind a hedge, and he was thrown and had his face cut. The horse galloped home, but Mr Whitelaw returned to Kyneton, where he re« mained for the night. Yesterday morning he was treated for his' injuries, which were not serious, at Mr Boyett's chemist's shop. Mr Whitelaw thinks the light that frightened his horse was being carried by sparrow captors. On Monday a valuable greyhound pup, aged six months, owned by George O'Farrell and Michael Quoin, was let off the chain in the yard of Mr O'Farrell's Court House Hotel to have a run, and a few minutes later picked up a poisoned bait, from the effects of which it died. To say the least, it is a contemptibly menu act to lay poison for one's neighbor's dog, and it is believed such was deliberately done in this case. On Tuesday, field trials of the Mitchell superior seed 'drill and fertliser and the Mitchell doube furrow plough, of which Mr E. Jarrett. of Yaldwin street, Kyneton, is local and district agent, were held at Mr K. P. Hanson's farm, at Fern Hill, in the presence of a large number of farmers, who were very highly pleased with the workk done by each implement. Since Mr Jarrett has been agent for Mitchell and Co. he has sold 17 of their double furrow ploughs in this district. The first social of the winter series under the auspices of the Kyneton Catholic Young Men's Society was held on Tuesday evening, and proved very sunccessful and enjoyable. About 20 couples graced the floor to excellent music rendered by Mr T. Young (violin) and Mr A. Hagley (harp). Mr J. Betmie performed the duties of M..C: in. a creditable manner. The pleasant function was brought to a close at 12 o'clock. The next social is to be an all-night one, and promises to prove very enjoyable. ,~Dt R. Holmes, the popular Mayor of Peak Hill, has decided to take a trip to Europe to recruit his health. Dr Holmes is a nephew of Mr William Holmes, of High street, Kyneton, The usual meeting of the Kyneton branch AN. A was held on Tuesday night. Mr G. Perkin (president) presided. Correspondence was received from the Board of Directors re j.he registration of members' wives. Mr Bar ker, of Ballarat branch, who has been iii in Kyneton, was repor&d; to "be yet on the sick list. A member of the committee having failed to attend three consecutive meetings, his seat-was declared vacant. Accounts arc awaiting payment at the Kyneton sub-treasury for the following: Metcalfc Shire Council. M. Keating, P. G. Hobbs, J. Pook, G. Browning, Dr Duncan, J. East, J. Farrell, D. M. Simpson. At the usual monthly meeting (Wednesday, April 26th) of the Mount Alexander Lodge of Freemasons, Castlemaine, Bra. D. J. Thomson will be installed W.M. After the installation, a banquet will be held in the Faulder-Watson Hall, when, no doubt, there will be a large and representative gathering of the ancient and honorable fraternity of Freemasons. At the Kyneton Hospital yesterday Herman Pinch, aged 42, of Rocky Lead, near Daylesford, underwent the operation known as col oto mv for an internal cancer. Miles Riley, aged 25, of Lancefield, was operated on for diseased bone of the thigh. During the past five or six nights some idiotic individual has been playing the ghost in certain of the streets of Kyneton, the object of course being to frighten people. Towards the end of last week, as Annie Egan, daughter oE Mrs Egan, cook at the Kyneton Hospital, was returning home in the evening from Mr and Mrs M. Kelly's residence in Baynton street she saw the "ghost" between Peters' hotel and the west- gate of the Mechanics' Institute-grounds; be was waving his hands and shaking his empty head, and was all in white.' The little girl got sucha fright that her nerves became unstrung, and she had to be treated at the hospital next day as an outdoor patient. It will not be well for the:" ghost" if the police catch hold of him. Mr John Walker, senr., of Baynton, who is 69 years of age, and. suffering from a complication of diseases, took a bad tnrn at 2 o'clock yesterday męming. but some hours^later his condition showed alight improvement. The patient, whose illness is causing his relatives and friends mach anxiety, is being treated by Dr J.- H. PcstelL The Acting-Minister oE Agriculture on Tuesday had a long consultation with the Government chemist, Mr Pearson, on the subject of the artificial manure frauds. It is proposed that several officer^ should be told off to go through - the country" and classify the soil, its character being explained iso as to show what kind'of manure would be most 1 effective. L : In the .Melbourne County Court Honoria Getting;, a" dressmaker, claimed . £101 6s 6d from John Taylor, a wood dealer. ol; Richmond, for illegally detaining and putting to his own use certain articles of furniture' belonging to her. Plaintiff alleged that in l$93.she went to Sydney.ieaving her furniture stored with Taylor. On her return he told her he had used some of her goods android others. The defence was that Taylor thought plaintiff was dead, ashe bad not received a letter from her. A verdict was given against the defendant for £6t3s6d. -Jo- \- Sir J. M. Caries, at the reqnest of a large eputation, has consented to become a candiate for the. Melbourne ^Province vacancy, reated by the death of the Hon J. Serrice. t a c r J t e mm o a vb m a m t t k m e gPFStw s 2 r s r Davies was ;Mioister of- Justice in the nn.ro Ministry-trom. November,' 1890, to February, 1892. , J m d £ i c E w f K The following are the holiday arrangements or to-morrow (Eight Hours'Day). All postffices will be closed at 10 a.m.; only the irst delivery by letter carrier will be ffected. No money order business will be ( ransacted. Mails will be received and de3-~ atched as usual. Telegraph offices will be pen from 8.30 to 10 a.m., and from C to 7 .m. The day will also be observed as a bank c The great esteem in which the late Mrs b John Gillin (sister-in-law of Constable GUlin, f Castlemaine, and daughter-in-law of Mr Mrs P. Gillin, of MalmsburJ) was held the Ballarat district was shown by the. arge attendance at her funeral. The cortege (according to the JtaOarat Star) was the seen at Lal Lai for ::iy years. The burial service fras read by the Rev Father Ryan. The Acting-Minister of Public Works informed a deputation on Tuesday that he was inclined towards some alteration in the system of municipal auditing that would relieve the municipalities of some of the expense, and added that the question would be considered when the Local Government Act was Messrs W. H. Fysh and Co. will conduct a sale o£ household furniture, cooper's stock, &c.;, for Mr P. Loughlin. Piper street, Kyneton, to-day at 2 o'clock. Entries for the Kyneton .chrysanthemum show, to be held on 26th inst^ close on Saturday next; but late entries will be received till 5 p.m. on Monday, on payment of extra fees. On Wednesday, 10 th May, acinematographe and lantern entertainment will be given in the Kyneton Mechanics' Institute in aid of the Institute by the Rev Mr Fairey. 