A CONTINGENT ENGAGE- MENT. By EDITH TOWNSEND EVERETT. She was always doing out-of-the-way things. Therefore, her friends were seldom surprised at any bizarre action attributed to her. .still, ifmustbe confessed, that her HioBt intimate friend was 3ust a trifle nonplused when she remarked: "I am engaged to be married." . f ^ J o u a r e married, my dear," protested her friend, mildly, knowing from experience that a gentle protest was all that such a human cyclone yclept Alice •Vane would tolerate. "Oh, that doesn't matter at all." "Ob, doesn't it?" voiced the protestor, who, had she been questioned prior to this interview, would have thought the marital tie quite an obstacle in the wav of the engagement of one of the parties so bound to another not in the contract but as proof cf Alice's strangely hypnotic influence over the circle in which she moved it must be admitted "that the friend was quite willing to be convinced that a married woman could with ease and no divorce announce her engagement with the sang froid of a widow who lias buried her fifth. "I know it is unusual," continued Alice as she rocked slowly back and forth in the most comfortable chair in hei friend's not over comfortable drawingroom, "but I never did go in for routine, you knew, and that is why I am afraid ray marriage has been not altogether a failure, but sort of disappointing." "What did you expect, honeymooning all the time?" "Of course I didn't! don't be silly. Elsa, but I find it horribly tiresome sitting opposite the same face three hundred and sixty-five days in a year and writing, to the same man whenever the montony of table is varied by my husband's absence." " "That is, I presume, the reason why you have taken to writing to other men and to sitting at luncheons and dinners friend, with a tinge of sarcasm in her Toice. "Exactly; and that is why I am engaged to be married to Jack Mills." "Engaged to be married! Why, you are silly! How can that be?" "It is all very simple, and you needn't pooh pooh mi idea just because it comes as a perfectly new factor into vour old fashioned curriculum. I have told Charlie I am tired of him and that I want to marry Jack, and Charlie very sensibly accepted his medicine, only stipulating that he and I should live together during the period of my engagement with the other, so that in case I got tired before the day set for our marriage I could fall back on him and thus avoid those embarrassing consequences that often attend broken engagements." "He said that, did he?" queried Eisa. "Well, my dear girl, he is guying you." "Guying me? .1 guess not. You ought to have seen how serious he looked when I came straight out with the bald truth." "One would hardly expect him to be joyous, would they?" "No, it wouldn't have been complimentary, yet I hardly looked for him to be quite so passive in the matter. Well, good-bye, dear; remember it isn't announced formally yet, so don't tell more than just the old girls until I give you permission to go ahead." Ana with a little butterfly kiss, a swish of silken skirts and a faint, subtle fragrance of violets in her wake, Alice passed out of the avenue, there to be joined a few moments later by handsome Jack Mills, who would have ordered his man to pack up for the Antipodes had he known what the infatuated little -woman a* hie ride t&a; told her husband and friend as her interpretation of the murmured compliments and empty words of flattery which she frad accepted as the true offerings of affection from a manly, upright and honest heart. While they strolled up the fashionable promenade J^lsa sat in the cramped quarters for which she paid half her salary and which by courtesy were called "The Grosvenor Apartments," and thought of the wilful, foolish girl who had just left her. "Silly, silly," she murmured. "Sometiling must be done and at once to set matters right or there will be such a tangle that even Alice's proverbial good luck will desert her," and for fully a half hour she rocked slowly back and forth in tlie chair but just deserted by her guest, tier smooth, white brow wrinkled into little lines of doubt and a troubled look in the deep, serine eyes. "'Well, little girl, have you missed me?" queried Jack Mills, as he looked down at tue trim figure beside him. "Missed you? Of course, I have," smiled Alice, "but I am not going to spoil you by telling you how much." "And what have you been doing since I went away?" "Oh. a lot of things," and Alice smiled to herself as the thought of how among the "lot of things" was the telling her husband that she cared for the man in whose company she now was. "Does Charlie suspect that you care forme?" "He doesn't suspect. He knows." "The devil he does!" "Oh, yes, you needn't get excited about it. I told him myself and he took it quite calmly." Alice didn't explain in detail that she had informed her husband she meant to marry Jack. "Some tilings are best kept secret," she added to herself. "Wei!, all I can say is that you have made it impossible for me to see you again, and I think it the silliest move I ei r er heard of." "Impossible to see me? Not at all. Cliarlie insisted at once on inviting you to dinner next Tuesday, and if you don't come lie will think 3t very queer—while I—well.I will begin to believe you haven't meant a word you said all along." "Of course, Alice, I meant that you are the dearest woman in the world, but liang it all, it makes it decidedly awkward for me to shake your husband's hand, sit at his table and talk to him as man to mail knowing that he knows that I have been making love to his wife. Why couldn't you have let matters go on as they were? X have affairs running on for years and they don't consider it necessary to blazon the fact abroad in words—they tc*t actions do the talking." "But you know I never do as others do. You said unconventionaSity was my great, charm in your eyes. If I were to receive your attentions just as Mrs Tom, Dick, and Harry do, our relations would dc- generate into the commonplace and I wouldn't like you at all. I want my life £ii the future to be based on a different pTane, and I can't see what earthly difference it can make to you if I honestly ^c-Ii my husband that I love some one eise, thus getting him accustomed to the situation instead of U";s bring consumed a.-id annoyed by rumors and suspicions mat are the thorns in too many married men's souls." "Is she very wise or absolutely idiotic?" tnought Jack, as he looked down at her during this flow of to her convincing argument. He had never meant his attentions to assume a serious attitude. He liked Chariie Vane too well to run the rir-k of'being cut off from the many "{rood things" it was in his power to bestow upon his friends. He admitted he iia-in't had any particular scruples about making love to Vane's wife. so long as the episode were kept jus I between the two most interred parties;put with that careless disregard for consequences typical of the way she harl%ni couraged him up to the limit; had >: no\^ made a pretty kettle^of fish by a sort of anti - climax. He"couldn't back out now. She had put it so plainly to hin that such a course would statin hin cowardly in both her eyes and vani%_ as well, that with a little shivery pul together, he turned to her and said lik one about to take some bitter medicine: "Well, what do you expect me to do?" "Dp? Why, nothing but go on just as you have been doing all these month —only now we can act more openly—sor' of with the understanding that exists between engaged peopl2, and that alway makes others leave them alone together and all that sort of thing." "A unique plan,'" ^bailed - Jack.; with" qufet cynicism. ; "I have>never,before heard of it being- applied to any couple in our position; but I suppose if you say so. it is all right.'* To himself he thought : "There won't be a bit of fun making love to her when it is all clear sailing. Hang it all, why did I ever get into such a mess! These unconventional women are always doing some deucedly awkward thing, and the trouble of it all is they never stop to consider that they are dragging someone else into it, too." Aloud, however, he went on apparently unmoved : "Will I see you tonl^ht^tSthe Cravens'dance?'? i t>No, Irani nofc going, but will expect yoii" to-morrow at dinner. It jnrlil be quite a family party — Charlie, Elsa, you and I. Au revoir." And with a coquettish glance from under her long lashes she ran up the steps of her pretty home and her conventional cavalier went on his way attended by some gloomy thoughts. "Too deuced much of a family party," he muimured to himself. "I'll look like a nice chump sitting opposite her husband and knowing that every word I say to her he will have a right to think is one of love — men have let women make asses of them before this, but for consummate donkeyisin. I take the cake," and he turned into his club, from, whence, several hours later, he emerged, as his man aptly put it when he was en deavoring to get off his boots, "in a beastly state of inebriety." "My dear. I really think your engagement dinner will be a tremendous success," said Charlie Vane, as he peeped into his wife's dressing room the evening next prior to going down to the drawing room, where Elsa was already awaiting her hostess, her position of family friend, allowing her to arrive quite early and naturally ahead of Jack,; who, you may be sure, was not going to run the risk of a mauvaise quart d'heure en tete-a-tete with his host. "The flowers are particularly lovely; I chose- them myself and I ordered Tompkins to bring out of the cellar those special bottles^ of Margot we were going to. keep for bur; 10th anniversary. Of course, they will not be needed then, and I thought .as there would probably never again occur a more festive occasion in our joint career, that they might as well be used up in bumpers to the health of the future Mrs Jack Mills. "How sweet of you," smiled Alice over her shoulder, from her position in front of the clieval glass, where she was adjusting a cluster of lilies of the. valley amid the fluffy chiffon of her decolletage but somehow the words lacked enthusiasm. "I honestly believe he is glad t- get rid of me," she thought after he had closed the door and the soft tread of his footsteps on the polished staircase announced that he had gone below stairs "How handsome he looked to-night. It is funny I never noticed how really distinguished he is in appearance.' To be downright honest, if he weren't my husband, I would tliinU he wore handsomer than Jafck. Oh, pshaw 1 . What a. sily send me these lilies, cnariie Charlie 1 has forgotten all about doing those nice little things. I wonder when Jack and I are married", if he will, forget, too. It will be rather amusing to compare the two. Charlie ..will be lonely without me, I suppose, but then he may marry again. Nonsense. Who would he marry? Poor old chap, "he isn't a marrying man. He ought never to have married me. He is too conventionally prosaic," and with this jumble of thoughts in her pretty brown head she tripped downstairs to receive a sudden arid unexpected shock In the confusion o the couple upon whom she burst unceremoniously. Elsa and her husband, with heads dangerously near together, were lending over a great bunch of violets,, which at a glance Alice could see were the proper accompaniment for Elsa's dead white gown. "How lovely of you to remember that violets were my favorite flower," Elsa was saying as Alice noiselessly pushed the velvet portiere aside. "How could I over forget anything that concerned you?" came the ardent response from Charlie, as he looked into her eyes in a way men have when they_ mean more than they say. This un-" usually gallant speech, coupled with the evident confusion her entrance occasioned, caused Alice for a moment to lose her own self-possession, and, if the truth must be told, brought into her heart a sort of uncomfortable feeling that she would have indignantly repudiated as jealousy, yet which was much more dangerously akin to that senti-, ment than any she had ever experienced heretofore. The lilies that Jack had sent her somehow did not appear to be as fragrantly lovely as the violets Elsa was wearing, and the empresse manner with which he greeted her a moment afterwards affected her in a peculiarly unpleasant fashion. The quarter of an hour before dinner was not altogether a cheers' interval. It never is. But on this occasion one member of the quartette was undoubtedly distrait, and all Jack's whispered compliments,which formerly made her heart beat high, were quite lost on Alice, who, while appearing to enjoy the unusual festivity, was listening with strained ears to the low conversation indulged in by her husband and friend. Later, at dinner, Charlie's gaiety, his undoubted light-heartedness, his attention to Elsa, and his natural allusions to the "happy pair," met with no enthusiastic response from the pretty, white-robed fiancee, who toyed idly with one course after another, and was so absolutely rude to Jack by the time the rare -old Margot was served, that for the rest of the dinner he paid his attention to it instead of to her, with the result that when coffee and cordials appeared he was not altogether the debonair lover whom she had thought it so lovely to exchange for the prosaic liusr band. The latter, on the contrary, had never been so brilliant without being hilarious. He jested, he paid courtly compliments to Elsa, he rattled over gay little anecdotes in a fetching fashion. lil?a and Jack repaying him by appreciative laughter and repartee, the while Alice sat glum and silent, a veritable little Fad-eyed ghost at the banquet. In fact, he was a. model host, whose demeanor was in strong contrast to that of the guest who had been invited to the engagement dinner with his wife, and Alice, liitle by little, moment by moment, realised the mistake her own fals<> idL-a of -life ha4 led her into making. and with pride battling with tears for the mastery. she drank her chartreuse at one gulp, the staid butler gazing in amazement at an exhibition which heretofore had never been noted in conjunction with all the dining and wining that had gone on under this-roof. Again in the drawing room Charlie proposal a little musi§; Jrat-&lice;,®who -had heretoforefalwaysjbeen most ready :to ob^e cither?by singing or.iwithsia.~gay; little fingle on the banjo, now offered a headache as her excuse for not complying with her husband's request, an'd the party broke up" at ;-;an .unusually early,- hour, Jack unusually ^somnolent, while Charlie and Elsa were "indulging in a orotracted farewell interview, wi?ich Alice inwardly declared to be in "horribly bad form." Poor little woman, her -new engagement didn't seem quite so' ro mantic to her ss she dragged;, herself wearily to the violet-scented boudoir from which she had descended in joyful mood earlier in the evening. Her maid, noticing the abstraction of her mistress was Unusually solicitous, but i-eee- ived only the .shortest and curtest replies from the white-robed girlish figure seated in despondent attitude before the long che- "val glass. "Go, Annette: I won't ned you any -more to-night;" she said, when at last she was wrapped in the becoming pirk negligee that even unobservant. prosa,:c Charlie had declared "fetching." Perhaps it was because her husband had noticed it that she had told the maid to wrap her in it, in preference to the violet one lying on the satin-draped bed. Perhaps she was thinking of him at that very moment, as it was with a very guilty start that she replied " Come iti" to tlie familiar rat-a-tat-tat that announced liis coming to -say "Good- night."- "Oh, Charlie, is that you?" she began nervously. "Of course it is—did you take me for a burglar?—you look as white as a ghost." ' '"I don't feel well." with a wan little smile. "I think the dinner was too heavy and the scent of the flowers too much. It wasn't a very gay dinner, was it?" she added pathetically. "Oh, didn't you find it so? I never en joyed one more. The novelty of it. you know, and then I never knew before what capital company Elsa can be—but I am forgetting. Knowing that to-night we were formally to renounce each other I made up my mind that the dinner should not be tlie only thing to mark your engagement so I just ran down to a lawyer's and secured this little paper that I think Will act as. the very best se dative to your nerves." And with a careless air, which chilled poor Alice to the heart, he tossed into her lap a very legal looking document on which one word, as it appeared to her in blacker in than -ill tlie rest, stood forth in. eojd, •uncompromi sing distinctness — " Di- Vorce." ' "Oh, Charlie—what is it?" "Our separation paper—our decree of divorce," smiled her spouse grimly as h wandered about as though absorbed in the furnishings of the room. '.. "Pretty -picture, .-jthat, very Frenchy. Where did you get it?" " Divorce," gasped Alice. "'Divorce, yes—why, wasn't that what you wanted? You know you can't marry Jack without it unless I am dead and as much as J would like to oblige you can't promise to commit suicide—it is against my religious principles, and besides, I may wish to enter into some new arrangement myself." "You' don't mean to marry," gasped poor Alice, who now for the first time realised that to give up Charlie would be very much harder than she had anticipated. "Well, why not?" smiled her husband; "you know that old saying, 'Sauce for the goose, etc.*" "But don't you care for me any longer?" "Don't ask me, Alice. You know I am a man of honor, and you are another's affianced wife. Do not tempt me to forget that." \- "Tint 1 am nnt'! _ "'But you are. "I am your wife; I don't want to be anyone else's. I have made a mistake— and—oh, -Charlie, don't love Elsa. I will try so hard to be as bright as she is. Try me again, won't you?" and the wistful voice broke as two pretty hands were held out pleadingly to him. "Alice, do you mean this—it is very conventional, you know," said Charlie ii a voice he tried hard to keep serious. "With all my heart. Try me and you will see," sobbed Alice, and a moment after a very everyday sort of a woman was ensconsed on her husband's lap, hippier in that prosaic position than she had ever been in any fancied romantic situation of her butterfly existence. It was not until the wedding ci-rds of Jack and Elsa were out that Alice discovered that divorces are not bought like bonbons, and that the paper, like Jack's inebriety, had all been a part of a scheme concocted by her husband and friends to bring her to her senses .—"Philadel phi a Times." 