FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. Br "APEMANTUS." Known double-eventer, Mossy Isaacs, line the "grand tour," and will leave |n 21 Ft .March for "Yurrup" in comjis wife and daughter. Mossy's phiz. r M ANV times produced in the PUNCH tt he should be well-kuown to all bd, indeed, for anyone to say he is J with "Mossy " is to declare he never •recourse, although, of course, it is possible the much-advertised one may have been met on some of the financial boards. During one of the reconstruction schemes after the great slump Mossy agreed with some proposal, whereupon another shareholder who had beeu objecting joined the majority with the remark, "If it's good enough for Mr. Isaacs, then it's good enough for me," a remark that was most certainly aspecial compliment to che financial ability of the bookmaker. THERE can be no doubt there is dissatisfaction over the poverty of the general entries for the autumn meetings and it is to be regretted that the St. Albans stable, which we always look upon to uphold our end in the w.f.a. races, will not be represented. It is indeed hard to say why this should be so, as Mr. M'Donald was in town on Monday and therefore it does not look as if it were an oversight. Weight-for-age races are ever interesting, as only the first-class of our horses are represented, and the poverty of them at Pleniington will have a very serious effect upon the meeting from a financial point of view. IT is a thousand pities that the Derby winner, Cocos, should have broken down, as the meeting between him and Bobadil to renew their fight for supremacy would have been a great factor in the success of the Autumn meeting. Bobadil may however-, meet with serious opposition in the St. Leger after all, although I fail to see what is to stretch his neck unless Lee Metford be in a generous humour. THE Second Futurity Stakes at Cauliield appears likely to result in a fiaBco,and apparently Mr. W. R. Wilson will once again secure first and second moneys with the aid of Bobadil and Revenue, although it is difficult to determine which of these two will gain first money. TIIE heavy handicap has frightened Vigorous out of the Newmarket Handicap, as was naturally to be expected; but the absolutely ridiculous impost of 7.4 placed on him by Mr. Vowles has kept him in the Oakleigh Plate, for which I should fancy he will start a very warm favourite next Saturday fortnight.^ This does not say ho will win, as Stand Off with 7.1 iB also another absolutely "chucked in," and as the stake carries £600 for the winner, it is well worth going for even without the inevitable Tattersall's sweep. Next veek, however, will be plenty of time for me to commence the analytical process. I HEAR that Wait-a-Bit is looking wonderfully well, being big and above himself as if the spell he has been enjoying bad done h m a great amount of benefit. Nearly all the St. Albans stock race best when above themselves, and as a son of Malua, one of the very best sired by St. Albans, Wait a-Bit will in all probability race better "big" than finely drawn. THE first acceptances for the Newmarket Handicap only leave in forty eight, and this is to an extent very disappointing. The surprise of the withdrawal list was Blair, who was really well supported after his Randwick performance with 13.2, but apparently even his 8.13 did not satisfy his owner. Last week I selected Blair, Dozon, and Beachcomber as the best handicapped horses in the race, and although the first has disappeared, I am still quite enamoured of the other pair, and if 1 were compelled to back one prior to the d.vy of the race, I should most certainly select Doi/en. So far the St. Albans stable has not enlightened us too much regarding the pea, as they have stil! Bobadil, Symmetry, Delusive and Regained left in •he stake, but I hardly think Bobadil will refusej the St. Leger for the big sprint race. Symmetry J has been wonderfully well backed in certain] quarters, but I shall not be Burprised if Delusive! turn out the correct investment, she being a fillyfor whom I expressed a great fondness when she made! her debut at Cauliield. f I NOTICE that Alix is left in the Futurity Stakes with the feather-weight of fl.10, she being in receipt of SOlbe. only from Bobadil. If Messrs Hodges Brothers' filly has any chance in thai event she certainly must not be neglected in thi calculations over the Newmarket Handicap, as, with a furlong less of distance, Alix is in receipt of no less than 421bs. from Bobadil. For my own part, however, I certainly cannot recommend her a= an investment, although it is my duty to point out the difference of the weights in the twoj races. THE Indian purchaser of the pony Olive isT terribly indignant with the Ascot stewards for,' declaring a race won by his new property off, as also all bets. I OFTEN- think it would be well if the stewards of registered clubs had the power of declaring races "off,'' a6 it would prevent a terrible lot of that same old game of " You go to day, and I'll wait for tomorrow." WK know for a fact that there have been very many good performers on the metropolitan courses " rung in " under other names at provincial meetings, but as the local stewards are unable to distinguish the performers the well-worked swindle generally comes off. But as I was travelling to Aspendale Park last Saturday I overheard a conversation in the neighbouring apartment which showed me an altogether novel style of " ringing in " a duffer. It seems the plan of some prescient bookies is to be in with the trainer of a well known metropolitan performer and enter his horse for some event in the country. Of course the punting fraternity pounce at once on to the supposedly good thing, and the bookmakers never stop writing that horse's name. Indeed, in their cupidity they overlay him, and "never refuse any reasonable offer," just like an old maid left on the shelf, for they know the horse supposed to be backed is not the animal at all, but something half- a-hundredweight inferior. And thus they rob and rob, until the poor punter has nothing more left. It is true, owners of the others may combine to back the Melbourne neddy on the supposition that he is bound to badly beat theirs; and thus there is only the one trier. This would possibly make matters a bit rough for the fielder; Dut be does not trouble, for he can trust his jockey through thick and thin, and no matter how much the other jockeys may try to make him a winner something will happen during the race, even if it come to deliberately fouling right in view of the stewards {?), and even by having had already removed 7 or 10 lb. of lead from the saddle before going out, and thus a certainty is made of the game. Indeed, I overheard that one plan was to obtain an immaculate jockey—if •possible—as the better for their purposes, and then whilst he is absent—say only half-a minute—to remove the lead, and thus the safe game goes on, and the unscrupulous bookie from the flat gradually migrates to the Hill, and finally to the paddock. Of course he has become a member of the principal betting institutions, and with his glittering diamonds sparkling in a poorer, but better, man's face is able to hobnob, on the strength of his banking account, with the best in the land—if they will tolerate him and his speech. And all this out of the "safe game !" MB. CROOKE, on Saturday last, welcomed one of his very best attendances to Aspendale Park, notwithstanding the dullness of the day. Fortunately the weather remained fine, and so visitors enjoyed themselves even if they did not succeed in spotting every winner. Weight of money brought Solstice to the front of betting operations in the Trial Handicap, and this black scion of Sunrise's won very comfortably. Glenore was backed from 5 to 1 down to half that price for the Hurdle Race, but ran unaccountably badly, Laburnum leading throughout and never giving anything else the ghost of a chance. At the last hurdle Hastie came to grief and broke his neck, giving his jockey, Chevally, a very ugly fall, but fortunately he escaped with severe concussion. Ganymede, the favourite, beat his only two opponents, The Brewer and Acorn, in the Beach Grove Handicap, and the odds laid on Carmyle for the Jumpers' Flat Race were never in doubt. The Aspendale Park Handicap provided a really magnificent contest, but the judge's verdict was in favour of even-money Locksmith, who was so heavily pushed by Sinecurist that the majority of the spectators gave the latter tiie award. When a very close tning like this occurs, there is only one man to decide, and that is the one in the box. Cockcrow was a pronounced favourite for the Welter Handicap, but was never in the hunt, Robin, the second favourite, winning in a canter from Archeress and Kelp. SATURDAY was undoubtedly a wondrously fatal one for horses, as Hastie was killed at Aspendale Park, and in Adelaide Kronberg, Dianthus and Carouse all met with fatal accidents. On Monday one of Mr. R. G. Talbot's came to grief in Tasmania, so that destruction was necessary. THE Sale Turf Club will hold a meeting on the Green Wattle course this day week, and I note that several metropolitan horses are engaged. It is many a long day since such capital entries were made for a Sale meeting, and with fine weather the affair should be a great success. IN connection with the Hobart Cup run yesterday week, a local paper writes :—"At the time Flintlock was nominated for the big event at Elwick he was not regarded as very formidable, , 1 md Mr. Monaghan placed upon him the comparatively light penalty of -7st. Had he been handicapped after his performance in the Geelong Cup, however, the impost would certainly have been heavier. During the early part of Wednesday's race Flintlock was left right back, and Bix furlongs from home he was absolutely last. .Getting a clear run on the inside, however, he ,came sailing along once Ross gave him the office, and on entering the straight he was in a handy position for a final run up the home stretch. Favoured by his condition and light weight, he had no great difficulty in passiDg Ithose who were in front of him, and successfully stalling off a challenge from The Scotchman he passed the post with a length to spare, and from all appearances fresh as new paint. The victory was a popular one, for the horse was a strong favourite, and it was known pretty generally that his owner had sent him merely for the stake and a comparatively small investment on the totalisator. It is understood that when Mr. Heywood went to back him he found that his price had shortened very considerably, the public having forestalled him." FLINTLOCK was undoubtedly very unlucky to lose the Geelong Cup, and then in turn so was The Scotchman unlucky at Hobart, as Flintlock's nearest opponent was very badly trodden on during the race. ANENT a well-known Caulfield horse, the writer above quoted remarks:—" The Musketeer party, which includes Mr. J. G. Williamson, the wellknown head of the leading Australasian theatrical firm, seemed confident that the borse would acquit himself creditably, but he ran the worst race of his life, finishing with the last three. Either the horse was not well or the distance too great." THE Mentone course will on Saturday next be the scene of operations, and some capital entries will engage the attention of Mr. Frank Dakin, who will adjust the weights for the first time for this elub. In my opinion the V.R.C. handicapper will be permanently associated with the Mentone club as weight imposer. ME. FRED KENYON is off on another trip to W.A. J Pon my word £ rather wish I had many years ago joined the ranks of the fielders, as they seem to have grand times in travelling about. Here's Mossy Isaacs having a trip to Europe, and now comes Fred Kenyon simply touring between Vic. and W.A. As the coursing season will soon be on, we may look for Fred being with us all the winter. 