By Zoe Anderson Norris, in the burg Chronicle Telegraph.” “Pitts Tabitha Allen took Eliza's hat. ’laicl.i. on a table near-by, motioned hdr to' seat and stood in the middle of therobm' . looking solemnly down at her. ;; ; “If I tell you somethin’,” said’' she creasing her forehead into an impressiv frown,” will you promise not to tell?”- ■ “I promise,” said Eliza., . : “On your word of honor?” - , . “On my word of honor,” repeatec Eliza, “I won’t breathe i': to a livin’ soUI. Tabitha-took her seat at the window., and, searching in a cumbersome baske for a heelless stocking, found one,, slip, ped the darning ball into it and ;slowlj thrust her needle through an emery.ba1 ; in the shape of an overgrown straw berry, while Eliza leaned eageriy for -: ward, waiting to hear. ■' . : Jy., Tabitha threaded her needle before 'she spoke.’ " - “There’s to be a weddin’ in the neigh borhood pretty soon,’’.she said then'. ' “A weddin’!” .cried Eliza. “VShifiiiXop don’t mean next door—Letitia. Kinsman, and Tom Jones!” ’ Tabitha’s thin lips wreathed itttiem-' selves into a sphinxlike smile."X\"'w “That’s what everybody ..thinks,-j know,” said she, “but' there’ll i-ne a littl "' surprise 'waiffn” ’em!" It "ain't ..Xgjttti this time, as it happens.” j “Then who in-the-wotljl can it be?' asked Eliza, breathlessly. j' Tabitha waived the question. “I’ve been livin’ next door to Letitia Kinsman ever since her husband died. , said she, “and I know all about her from A.tcrvizzard; 'not'that!stye's told me much herself—Letitia never was no. great hand' to talk; she’s a closer, mouthed woman, especially when it. comes to anything concernin'’ her own affairs—but you can’t help pickin’ up a mite of. information as you go along livin’ sd close—that is, if you’ve got any eyes at all.” She worked awhile in .silence before she began again. “Letitia wore her crape a good long time for such a pretty woman, and it was a long time, too, before she began to notice,-as much as a year or more. So when Tom Jones took to seein’ her horn from meetin’ and liangin’ over the gat with her till the moon went down, no body was much surprised. Letitia’s mighty pretty woman—mighty pretty And smart! There ain’t a smarterwomat in Plainville than Letitia Kinsman.” "Seems like, even if them widow ain’t pretty, they’re kinder takin’ some how or other,” put in Eliza. “They allu catches the eye of the men.” Tabitha nodded assent as she ran he "; long needle through every other stitcl. in the diminutive latticework she was weaving in the spot where the heel o the stocking had been. “That’s true enough,” she said, “am as I say, it begun to look like Letitia wa havin’ things all her own way. She wa a widow and pretty yet and smart There never was a church sociable cbu what Letitia had every man in the r.oon around her a-splittin’ of their side laughin’ at the funny things she sai right off plank down, while the rest of us thought of what we mought hav said after we’d got half way home.” She slapped her hand over , her moutl in the effort to conceal a slight yawn. “Yes,” she concluded, “she'was smar —there's no denying that—about mos things. But there was one thing sh wa'n’t smart about.” “And what was that?” demande< Eliza. “When everything was goin’ her wa: and Tom!'had popped the question, o was about to-pop it, and that”—here sh grasped the stocking more securely ant looked cross-eyed as she ran the needl back the other way, the point toward he —“was one thing I never could quit make out, whether-he ever asked her ii so many words to marry-him or not. I he didn’t, all I’ve got to say is that t\ was mighty near it, sendin’ her littl sweet smellin' bokays and settin’ ou on the front porch with her till all hour of the night, and, as I said before, hang in’ on the gate; not only that, but comin sometimes early in the morning, befor I’d had time to get my dishes washed; s early that if you hadn’t known better you’d thought he’d been hangin’ there o’ the gate the livelong night." Eliza was in a spasm of suspense. “What did she do that wa’n’t smart?' she begged to know. Tabitha had finished darning th stocking. She laid it across her knee smiled complacently at the deftness o her own handiwork, and slipped th darning ball into its mate. “She brought that big girl of her home out of the boardin’ school,” she an nounced with an intonation of disgust “That’s what she did.” “And Tom fell in love with her?” “O course! What else could she hav expected, I’d like to know? Letitia’ pretty, but her daughter is prettier. Be sides she is 17 years younger, and tha fhakes.a great deal of difference with “Tom Jones is every bit and grain a. old at Letitia Kinsman,” declared Eliza indignantly. “Don’t I know that? But he’s a man remember, and men don’t get' old, thej say. Anyway, the older they get the bet ter they likes to hang around a gir that’s jest about fryin’ size. And that’ the reason I says the minit I see tha young thing jump out of the ’bus an run up the walk to the house, her cheek a-bloomin’ like roses and her eyes a shinin’, ‘It’s all up with Letitia!’ Then was my very words, “Tt’s all up with Le titia!’” She snipped off a stray thread with'he scissors. “And I was right," she went on. “I was. From that time on it was Tom and Letitia’s daughter a-settin’ out on the porch together and hangin’ on the gate' together, and it was the girl that got the little bokays and put ’em in the vase on the mantelpiece in the parlor where they could scent up the whole house, while Letitia stood by and looked; on. “When she first came, Letitia was so bright and cheery you’d",taken ’em for sisters if you’d seen ’em settin’ side by side, but', it wa’n’t many, weeks ■ before Letitia .began to get hollojyv.eyed and white jest when she’d oughter been a'-bloomin’ her very prettiest if she wanted to be any sort of. match for.'the"girl at all. It was pitiful to see' the" change in her. She got so, she didn’ £ make any -more of her. cute jokes and she never laughe'd any more, I missed that laugh of hers, ' I us ed to like to hear it settin’ here by the'win dow sewin’. The girl laughed a-plenty, but Letitia she got quieter and quieter until at last you’d thought It . was a' ghost of a r woman creepin’ about the house at her work, lag gin’ sort of tired like and worn out as if she’d somehow come to the end - of- - her She sighed as she unwound the darning cotton from a black ball, bit off the end and once more threaded the large eye of the needle. . “One night last week,” she continued, “I saw Tom and the girl out in thenioonlight together as usual hangin’ on the gate. I could hear it creakin’, swingin’ backwards and forwards. The girl’s laugh came floatin’ to me once in a while, too, a pretty laugh like Letitia’s, only younger, and gayer. So I thought now Letitia is in tha house in the dark all by herself, and I’ll go in and keep her company. I had bor rowed a spoonful of tea from her the day before. It would be a good excuse to pre .tend I’d come to pay it back. I went around to the kitchen door; it whs the nearest wav; besides them two Vraa out ia the front, and iknew they wouldn’t! want to lie disturbed. The door was open. | ; Eetitia and me had been neighborssolong ! that I didn’t think nothin’ of walkin’ righ in. I went through the dinin’ room to the settin’ room and stood still in the middle of it lookin’ around for Letitia.There was i a couch by the window, with the moon light, streamin’, over it and Letitia was :j •layin’ on 'it face down, like somebody’d , thro wn her there.' She was shakin’ all , ,over with sobs. She wasn’t cryin’ so as : you could hear her, but just sort o’ catch in’ her breath, tryin’ hard not to cry, fo ] all the world like a child that had been whipped.” i “What did you do?” panted Eliza. 1 “I stood there” replied Tabitha. “She • hadn’t heard me come in, so she kept on - sobbin’ till by and by she kinder felt that 1 was there—you know how that-is—and • started up, brushin’-.the tears away with - the back of her hands. ‘How you frigh- i her voice all tremblin’.Then sliewentonto ; explain about.how she bad one of her bad tenedjne!’ she says, tryin’ to laugh, with nervous headaches that she’s subject to ] and was lyin’ down to see if she couldn’t .: sleep it o'fft;- : . • ' “I never said a.thing not a single thing. I just waited, listenin’-as. if I was takin’ % it all in:v Then,l;when;'she "was through, ‘I’ve brought baqkStbe - tea’ I/.borrowed from you -yesterday;’ ~T told her7 and I handed her the.cub; with the spoonful °* tban,t;ti.S';bottom-of_it. \--‘t >You neeclnT a minded about bringin’ LeHtlatB-.a-rmig-hty good, - liberal-hearted back that little bit of tea,’ she said— neighbor to have. I’ve alius said that of her—and she went on out into the kitchen and'found the tea cannister, poured the tea into it, wiped the cup and handed it' back to me, all/Without any light. The moonlight is -bright as day,’ says she,; apologisin’,..-but I know the reason she : wouldn't light the lamp—she didn’t want ane to see the tears on her cheeks. “After that she asked me to come in and set down but of course I wouldn’t. I marched myself straight back home.” “And bow did you find out about the weddin’?” inquired Eliza. “It was the next mornin'. I was tyin’ ; up some mornin’ glory .vines on the side - fence between her yard and mine when she came out of the house and stood across from me with the vines in between us. ',/ . “ ‘If you’ve got a spool of white thread No. 70,’ says she. ‘I’d like to borrow it’ and with that she goes on to tell me about the weddin’, smilin’ brave as you please, with her face like a ghost. ‘My daughter is to be married soon,’ says she. ‘to Mr Jones,- and I am real busy now workin’ on her weddin’clothes.’ ‘I’ll get you the thread in one minute,’ I said to her and I started for the house. On the step of the back porch I happened to look over my shoulder at her standin’ there with the morning glories up to her waist arid bloomin’ fit to kill, sort of malc in' - part of a frame for her. The smile was all gone—she . thought I wasn’t lookin’, you see—and your heart would have ached, Eliza, if you could have seen her face!” By this time she had finished darning the mate to the first stocking. She laid them together, rolled them in 'a neat roll and turned the hem of one over both. “And so.” gasped Eliza, “it's the daugh ter he’s goin to marry, after all, and not Letitia! My land!” “It's the daughter,” said Tabitha con clusively. drawing the big basket closer and laying the stockings in it with others like them, carefully darned and folded away in pairs. Eliza rose and reached for her hat. In her haste she pinned it on a trifle crooked, which had the effect of giving her a rakish air, but, nothing daunted, she made for the door. Tabitha followed her. “What’s your hurry?” she asked. “Oh, there are a lot of things I’ve got to do this mornin,” explained Eliza. “I’m up to my neck in-work, as usual, but I’m awfully . glad I found you at home, Ta-I bitha, awfully . glad! Come over soon, real’soon, and tiring your knittin. Why can’t you stay all day? Well, if you can't do that make me a little visit any way. Good-by.” "Good-by.” said Tabitha. As she watched her hurry out of the gate and make her way swiftly across the street she added : “She declared up and down she wouldn’t tell, but I know that Eliza Banks like a book. If she kept a secret half a day she’d die of it. She’s gone right now to hunt up some body to tell it to.” She shut the door and walked back into the room. “That story will be all over Plainvilla with a thousand frills and furbelows by I night.” she muttered. 1 