PEERS IN HARNESS. Lord Rosslyn (according to " M.A.P.") ifl filling his dual role as working journalist and actor with conspicuous energy and thoroughness. His lordship made a picturesque- figure at the Brompton County Court the other day as a witness in a case in which the publisher of a twopenny weekly journal sued a wholeSale news- agent of Glasgow for ten guineas commission, for introducing business to the latter in the shape of an or der in connection with the sale of Scottish Life, the smart little society paper of which Lord Rosslyn is the editor. During the hearing of the case it transpired that Scottish Life is the property of a limited company, half of whose stock is owned by Messrs. Harmsworth. The earl does not carry his troubles on his coat-sleeve, for he looked the very picture of health, happiness, and contentment. Wearing a grey paddock coat and a blazing red to, his lordship watched the progress of events with evident amusement, from the lofty standpoint of strict disinterested nessy's its editor, Lord Rosslyn's heart and soul is in his paper. He is assisted in its production by another pier-Lord Mountinorros-and both, in spite of their rank, I had almost said, although the average journalist is popularly reputed to know neither casterfior crash in his dealings with his fellow-men, are extremely popular in the newspaper world, from their utter ignorance of lordly pride. Lord Rosslyn's fund of anecdotes as to how he ran through nearly a quarter of a million is never-failing. One it is impos- sible to resist repeating. Not thinking, on one occasion, that his horse had a ghost of a chance, the earl decided to let him run loose, and to be contented with the stake only if he won. Lord Rosslyn always backed his own horses, and when those in the ring found he was making an exception to his rule, and was not betting on his own representative, they naturally decided the horse was' not worth anything. The price gradually got longer and longer, until just as the competitors went (to the post a bookie exclaimed, " A thousand to eighty !" His lordship nodded, and another of the merchants of the ring immediately offered the same odds. This proposal and another which followed were both promptly accepted by the earl. To the surprise of everybody the horse sailed in about five lengths in front, and his lordship won £3,000 ! It goes without saying that the earl had all he could do to persuade the books! he had not " worked it !" Mr. James Erskine, to call Lord Rosslyn by his stage name his own name, as a matter of fact, is James Francis Harry St. Clair Erskine is the brother of three of the prettiest women in England. One is the reigning Duchess of Sutherland, another is the Countess of Westmorland, and the third is Lady Angela Forbes.,' He is married to a sister of Lady Alwyne Compton, and has a son and daughter. Lord Rosslyn is the fifth earl, a privy councillor, and a magistrate and deputy lieutenant for Fifeshire, as well as a journalist and a member of what is often termed " the" profession. Lord Mountmorres, the sixth of his line, is the son of the Irish peer of that name who was murdered in county Galway during the agrarian troubles of 1880. He is in his twenty-seventh year, and has pluckily struck out a line for himself as a journalist. It is no secret, I believe, that the young viscount has more than once sustained the thrilling role of the well-known Mr. Answers." He was educated at Radley and Bollol, and has sat on the London County Council as one of the representatives of the Mile End Division. He lives in Chelsea, was happily married some four years ago, and is blessed with one small daughter. The young peer's "other" name is William Geoffry Bouchard de Montmorency. 