£ARNS O' TiE OC(1N. The Haunted Ship Josie Gunby and Her Swedish Mate. A CRY OF "STAID FROM UNDFRI" the Three Sailors Who Made an Unholy Compact with Satan, and How the Brightest of the Lot Outwitted His Satanlo qMajesty. The first of the yarns here set out was told on shipboard by a tar of the name of King, who said that once on a time he shipped on the good ship Josie Gunby from New York to Valparaiso. She was laden with Yankee notions and had fair weather all the way, but the "goings on" on that vessel were something awful, according to King. The first thing of a mysterious na ture that happened was known to King Dnly and consisted of the bell ringing itself just as King was about to sound "eight bells." Kingwasfrightened, of course, but he couldn't get any one to believe his story. In fact, the boys guyed him unmercifully, A fortnight later, however, they all saw something terrible, and the first Sate lost his life. The story in detail in the tar's own words and presented by the Atlanta Constitution runs as follows: "It was near the line. The sea was as smooth as a duck pond. Every rag o' canvas was set, but there was hardly enough wind to keep them from flapping. All on a sudden, just as I was passing under the mainyard, somebody up aloft sung out, 'On deck there, stand from uader!' The second mate had the watch and asked me who that was aloft. I told him I did not kndtw, and be sent me up to see about it. I went, thinl ing some o' the boys was putting up a job on me and had gone aloft to get up another ghost story. Up I went to the maintop, but I could find nobody. I come down the ratlines four at a time. 1ow I ever got down without falling is more'n I can tell, 'cause I was that skeered I couldn't stop to think how I dun it. We woke the watch. The second mate and everybody (me except ed, for one trip was enough) went aloft to see about it, and they didn't find nothing either. That kinder put them a-thinking, 'cause the mate swore he heard the same thing I did. Well, all next day both watches were cussing and discussing that sing out aloft, and the next night the port watch were laying for something too. Just ex actly at the same time o' night that same thing sung out, 'On deck there, stand from under!' They searched aloft, but found no more'n what we did. That thing happened every night at the same time for nigh two weeks. By and by the first mate, a big, double jointed Swede, said he would find out about what it was or join the goonies trying. So the next night, just at the right time, all the watch were huddled together under the break o' the poop a-lis tening, and the same lonesome, skeery voice sung out, 'On deck there, stand from under!' The men were too skeered to breathe hard, and that first mate wna mighty nigh as had, but he kinder squared hisself and roared out as loud as he could bawl: 'Let go, you son of a sea cook, let go. Come down on deck, you lubber, and exer cise your lungs!' "Mates, I'm not given to lying, as you all know, and I ain't going to lie now, but so help my rheumatic bones if that thing didn't let go, and I thought that every spar on the mainmast had carried away at one time. Rattlety-bang-whiz -whoop-and there struck on deck right side of that first mate a coffin just his size We ran up to him just in time to see the coffin scoop him in and jump right over the side, first mate and all, nor did we ever catch sight of them again. There weren't no more ghosts on that trip though." THE EVIL ONE AT SEA. \vhen iln=g nind lnisned this story there was general incredulity, and another sailor named Bednarsky was asked for a yarn. He told of three sailors (brothers) who were left without money in London. "One morning," said Bednarsky, "all of them were strollmg down the street arm in arm wishing for a few cents to get an eye opener, having.swollen heas from previous rapid existence. They came upon a nicely dressed man of middle age who accosted them, and after he had learned of their condition told them he was the devil, and that he could and would supply them all the money they wanted under one condi, tion, which he explained as follows, "'You may have all the money you can possibly dispose of. Put your hand in your pocket as often as you like for any amount, and it will always be there. At the end of three years, however, I demand your soul; but even then if any one of you ran wish me to do anything which I cannot perform you shall be spared.' "It was agreed to by each one, andimm6 diately they were abounding in wealth. Shall I describe how that three years was spentP o, but suflice it to say that every possible luxury that money could obtain was indulged In. The three years fle? by like a single day. The donor kept a strict account, however, and upon the proper day he called on the three brothers for an ao counting. The first asked for the creation of a full rigged ship and was gratified. The second asked that his massive mansion be annihilated in thirty seconds, and this was done. "Both of them lost their souls, of course. "The third and youngest brother still held to his roaming life upon the sea, and at the expiration of the third year was on a pleasure trip in a magnificent yacht far out at sea He was not out of reach of the evil one, however, and was called upon to wish and die. He called the crew on deck and had a pump rigged amidships, with thesuc tion pipe over one side of the vessel and the discharge pipe over the other, and demand ed the devilto pump all the water from one side of the ship over to the other side. The devil looked puzzled, scratched his head and vanished-outwitted. "That man is still sailing in his yacht, enjoying the immense wealth he got through the evil spirit." About that time the officer of the deck appeared and passed the word, "Stand bh your hammocks," and all hands adjourned nine die. 