OtAf THE SILVER LINING. Of course, when father died, Elaine and I had to leave the house, and that was one of the bitterest troubles in our lives. We did so love tbe dear old place. But it had to be, for poor papa s succes sor was already appointed. It's a truth that troubles never come singly. Here we had just lost the dear est of parents, we had to leave our home, and we knew not what to do, or where to go. One thing, or rather two, alone were certain, that we must go, and also work for our own living, for when all the lit tle outstanding debts were paid, the doc tor for papa, and tlie last sad ceremo nies, we had but twenty pounds in all the world. People who knew nothing about it said it was a shame of papa; by which they meant— for be was the most gener ous of men— that charity should begin at home; but papa never could under stand. "Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof," was his motto, and he never could keep his hand out of his pocket on hearing of a case of real distress. Thus, for the living was hut a small one, nothing was ever saved out of his income. If anyone blamed him, we, his daugh ters, did not. Heaven bless him; but one did blame him cruelly, the only re lation we had in the world, his half- brother, Ambrose Warne, a retired mer chant, and wealthy, hut miserly, crab bed of disposition. He quarrelled with papa for his "extravagant benevolence," and when, during dear mamma's la6t ill ness, papa, being in great straits, ap plied to him for help, he refused down right, throwing, as the saying is, liis "foolish charity" in his teeth. When papa died, of course we told Uncle Ambrose, who, in a brief, busi ness-like letter, offered us assistance, as, of course, using his own words, "our father's charity and benevolence had left his children beggars." Elaine and I at once decided we would accept nothing from him, and, in a short, coldly civil reply, told him so, say ing plainly we could not ire beholden to one who had refused our dear father help in his greatest need. We quite approved of all papa had done, and were ready and willing to work for our living as he did. There was our trouble— the trouble of thousands at the present day. We were ready and willing; but where should we find the work? Like these thousands, wc decided that our best chance was in Loudon; so one day, after visiting every corner of the manse, and of the dear old garden, sha dowed by the elms where the rooks built, and going through the trial of part ing with papa's poor parishioners — Elaine and I, with very red eyes behind our crape veils, started for London, where we had arranged to take lodg ings with an old servant who had mar ried well, gone to the metropolis, and in her widowhood increased a small an nuity by letting lodgings. The good old soul, who uever forgot we were the vicar's daughters, had the warmest welcome ready for us, there fore we did not find our new life so un comfortable as we imagined we should at first. There was a bright fire to cheer us, and a high tea, with some delicious cakes, just as Susan, or Mrs Biggins now, recollected we used to hare at the manse. "Have you any other lodgers, Mrs Biggins?" asked Elaine, .as we took tea. ""Well, miss, I won't deceive you, I have," said our landlady. "I didn't mention it, because really he is that quiet and keeps to himself, that I fan cied he didn't much count. I hope you don't object?" "Object?" I smiled. "What right should we have to do that, Mrs Biggins? We begin to know the value of money I assure you. What is the gentleman ?" "An artist, miss. Whether much of a one I can't say though some of the things lac does do look sweet, and he's poor enough, I'm sure, to be a genius." "Poor," said my sister, whose sympa thies I saw at ouce were aroused. "Poor, miss, very," proceeded Mrs Biggins, who had been always giTen to loquacity, which had made papa remark he was a brave man who married her. "He's a nice looking young fellow, and. though his clothes is a bit worn, always looks the gentleman; but I suspect that good dinners are a rarity, I do — some times dinners at all." "Oh!" cried Elaine, "that's dreadfnl." "It is, miss. But he is, or tries to look so cheerful, and laughs at his poverty, and says that when his pic- tures sell, as they will one day— that's what be'declares— -he'll pay back all my kindness. He is a nice young man, that he is." "What is his name?" asked Elaine, in terested. ;Gerald Warne." "Warne! Why, that's our name." "eYs, miss, it's funny, isn't it?" "There is one comfort he is no rela tion," said I, "for we are in the happy state of having none. Have you told him about us?" "Well, no, miss; only so far that I had two young ladies, gentlefolks, coming, for you see I wasn't aware just what you would care for me to say." "We are very much obliged to you. If you please we should like you to say nothing of our past, or who we are, Mrs Biggins, for Elaine and I have deter mined to forget all about our once hav ing been gentlefolks. If we are so, peo ple will discover it without our telling tliem; and, knowing how difficult it is to get work, we have adopted for our motto, 'No honest employment is dero gatory.' So we are simply two young women who have to make our own liv ing." I need scarcely say that Mrs Biggins' account of Gerald Warne had aroused our interest, especially Elaine's. She was just nineteen, slight, graceful of figure, a blonde with pretty delicate features, a wild-rose complexion, and sunny hah that curled naturally over her head. I was four years her senior, taller and darker; some called me, for my style, handsomer, but that I don't believe, at least Elaine's was the most taking face. We talked a great deal about our fu ture plans that evening, and a great deal too about our fellow lodger. Elaine was always coming back to the subject, "him." She wondered what his pictures were like; whether he really was a genius. Then she ima gined his bravely working on them when he had not sufficient to eat. In fact, she speedily made Gerald Warne out to he an artistic Chatteron. "If we get on, LI1," she exclaimed, "we must ask him to tea. We can't well send him up a dish of oysters." "No, Indeed, at their present price," I replied, "but you see, Elly, we have- first to get. on. His case may soon be our case, and in one thing be careful; knowing what pity is akin to, don't fall in love with him." "I!" cried Elaine, disdainfully. "Let me return the warning. Hark!" as a latchkey turned in the lock, "there he is!" Someone entered and went upstairs. "Lil, he might almost be a ghost, for the sound he makes. It does not speak well for the soles of his boots," remark ed Elaine. The next day we had too much of our own affairs to occupy us to think of Gerald Warne. There were agencies to visit, nud advertisements to peruse, a week of which heartbreaking work passed fruitlessly. During this we had seen Gerald Warne once as lie passed our window. As to being a gentleman there was as little doubt as that lie was handsome and intellectual-looking, also that his clothes were shabby at the seams; unfortunately, there was no doubt about the latter, nor that bis face was haggard, making appear large and more brilliant a pair of dark, handsome eyes. Before tlie next week was over Elaine and I had both been successful. She had obtained an engagement in an art dealer's, and I found some pupils for Germs n, French, music, and drawing. Our spirits were wonderfully elated at having occupation. Indeed, we had been very fortunate, and felt gratefully happy. As to Elaine, slie speedily, I found, began to revert to Gerald Warne, "We certainly," she said, "must begin to think of tliase teas." I own I commenced to feel nervous about her. She was always getting in formation respecting him from the laud- lady, and if was nipper cheering informa tion. Once Mrs Biggins told, with tears in her eyes, of a great disappointment he had had in selling a picture. "For the first time he looked quite broke," she said, "and owned he want ed tire money badly. "Why doesn't he teach, or draw, or paint sketches that may sell?" said I. "He tries, miss, lots of limes. He'd do anything, as 'pot-boilers," I think he calls it; but luck's against him." I noticed Elaine very thoughtful after that, and depressed. "I fancy we had best move from here," I thought. But, two evenings later, Elaine came in radiant. The cold, frosty air, or her joy, had made her color dazzling. "I've got some work for Gerald Warne to do," she exclaimed. "Some thing that, at least, will provide him with dinners." It appeared that the art-dealer re quired an artist to undertake some art work which needed both skill and taste. "I spoke of Mr Warne," exclaimed Elaine; "and Mr Morrison sai-s he mav call." So a little note was sent up, carefully worded, that it should offend no Clint- tertonian (false) pride, to Gerald Warne s studio tbe following morn ing. The same evening our fellow - lodger stood for the first time in our parlor— stood, those wonderfully brilliant eyes brighter with emotion, his figure all of a tremble, his tones unsteady, as he said: "I have come to thank you; to say how grateful I am; yet can find no words appropriate to express hqw deeply I feel your kindness,'1 Then, to my surprise, Elaine, quite sagely, as if years his senior, stepped forward, and faking his hand, replied: "Then please do not try. We quite un derstand. Are We not fellow-toilers ? If in that case we cannot help one an other, who will help us?" "Mr Morrison told me he had engaged you, that he thought you very clever, and hoped his work would lead to better things. I was so pleased!" She looked as pretty as she spoke. I shall never forget the expression in Ger ald Warue's face as he gazed at her. I have heard of a person's "soul going out" to another. Then I saw it. He bent down, and pressed her hand to his lips. "Heaven bless you!" be said earnestly, with a sob in his voice. I knew form that moment that it was a case between them, which nothing in this world could alter. After this Gerald Warue was very often in our parlor indeed; not only that, hut sometimes his leaving the art deal er's, by a strange coincidence, would be at the same hour as Elaine's, and they would walk home together. I was troubled at first; but the more I saw of Gerald Warne the more I recog nised he was a gentleman by birth and nature. Besides, what right had I to endeavor to check tbe love growing so evidently stronger between them? Might it not prove a good thing for Elaine? Had she not seemed, indeed, as lie said, to have brought him that aid which was to lead to fortune? Mr Morrison had been more than satis fied with his work, and already had in troduced bim to one or two who had pur chased his pictures. It was while our acquaintauceship was very young that, as we three sat talking together, Gerald Warne said: "What a strange place is this world, of which people think so little! Things occur in it that make one lean towards fatalism. Take, for instance, both out lives. How I was striving, almost de spairing here, while ail the time fate was bringing towards me one who was to banisli despair for ever before hope." "It is very strange, considering that your name was Warne," laughed Elaine. "A reason that, had you beeu related to a certain Ambrose Warne, would bave made us rather your enemies than friends." "Why?" He smiled. "Because he is our uncle, and a cruel, selfish miser." "Indeed!" Thinking, as matters stood, he might know our hiBtory, I told him. When I ended, Gerald said, laughing— "I look like the relation or friend of a wealthy man, do 1 not?" and he glanced at his shabby attire. So the days went by— happy days too. Winter came, by which time Gerald and Elaine were engaged. It was one evening after this that I sat waiting for her return. The tea was ready, but I nevqr began until she came. The weather had set in with exceeding severity. There had been a heavy snow fall, a partial thaw, then frost, rendering the streets like glass. That made me nervous when Elaine's usual hour passed, and she did not ap pear. A dozen times in twenty minutes I looked at the clock, and walked from the table to the window. The darkness was coining on rapidly. Few people passed; those who did walk ed wearily. One or two fell, but there was no sign of Elaine. Half an hour late! This had never occurred before. The state of the weather made me anx ious. At last I went up to Gerald's room to tell him. "Your sister not returned!" he ex claimed, springing up. "No; she has never been out so late; and the streets are like glass!" I said. "It makes me nervous." "Do not be that; I'll soon see!" he re plied. "I'll go to Mr Morrison's." Already he bad taken his hat; now, as anxious as I, he ran downstairs and from the house, wheu I returned to my window to watch. Suddenly I cried, starting to my feet, and clasping my hands — "Oil, it's true. There has beeu an accident!" A brougham had driven up and stop ped at the door. A moment I had seen Elaine's white fact inside, then an old gentleman got out and knocked. I flew to the door and opened it. "Oh, what has happened ?"I c-rled. "There— there," said the old gentleman, harshly, "don't go making a fuss! Your sister didn't, and she had more cause— you're Miss Wame, I suppose? Well, you're sister slipped down and sprained her ankle; there were a lot of roughs about, so I just asked her name, where she lived, and brought her home. Now, if you are as sensible a young woman as' she appears to be, you'll just come and assist her into the house." I followed him at once to tlie broug ham, and together we helped Elaine, who declared that it u-ae nothing but a sprain; into our room, and made her lie on the couch. Then we thauked the stranger, who bad so well played tlie Samaritan. ' Nc) thanks — no thanks," he inter rupted. "She was not quite a stranger to me. I've seen her often— wet or shine going to work. You call it work, eh, or are you too proud?" "Too proud to call things by their right names!" I smiled. "No indeed. We are only proud of having honest work to do." "I like that," he said, looking into my face. "If all people were of your sort the world would get on better. I'm sorry I didn't know you before. I shall k now you better uqw. I shall Xjgala/1 He took his hat, looked around th0 room, and pursed bis lips, then said ab ruptly: "I may as well tell you the truth at once. I've been watching you. I liked that independent letter you wrote, i like you— I'm your uncle, Ambrose Warne." "Uncle Ambrose!" we cried, in amaze. "Yes; I'm going to adopt both of you," curtly. I've a son I've turned out of doors because he is idiot enough to pre fer art to commerce— starvation to a good joint." At this instant Gerald entered breath- lessly. "Miss Warne, I can find no trace of Elaine," he began; then he started back, exclaiming, "Good Heavens! Father!" "What— you here— you scamp!" ejacu lated the old mau. "Oil, sir!" exclaimed Elaine, reaching liis hand and clasping it, "is he your son? then if you forgive us you must forgive him." One day, believe me, he will make us ail proud of the name we bear." "Will he!" cried uncle Ambrose. "When he does that, I'll forgive hiin." "Then, father," said Gerald, extending his hand, "I ask neither money nor help. Only let it be a friendly truce until that lmppy time arrives." Uncle Amlmose hesitated, but finally took his son's hand. And what was tlie result? This: The next year all London was speaking of Gerald's picture hung in one of tbe Academies. A month later lie went to study at Borne, taking his wife with hiin, while I was uncle Ambrose's house keeper, until— until— well, somebody else wanted me to be his. So. to our dm-k cloud von see. uncle Ambrose, after all, was— The Silver Lin ing. 