Oo m OH me Stage. MB. George Rignold announced The Three Miis heters for last night, May 18. ONOE again Mr. Charles Arnold has postponed his Australian visit, which is not to take place now until Easter next year. THE Knight-Ferrar company leave to-day (Friday), for Adelaide. The season over, the two stars return to England by the Oroya: MB. Wilson Barrett is contradicting the state ment appearing in more than one English paper of his marriage to Miss Maud Jeffries. " PATRICK" of the Chinatown, company has become a vaudeville star. She has written a piece for her self, Edna's Ghost,' which.had a run in Brooklyn. Madame Emily Soldene netted .£200 by her recent benefit in Sydney. Her friends rallied round her with the enthusiasm of a quarter of a century ago. Mu., G. D. Carey, who was well known here a few years ago, is now playing with Mr. W. S. Penley in A Little Ray of Sunshine at the Royalty Theatre, Lon don. ? HMBK Friedenthal, when asked whom he considered the greatest pianist of;the day, named D'Albert,. though'Paderewski, £e states, is .undoubtedly the world's pbpula'r favorite. ..... Miss- Madge Corcoran, the pretty sister of Miss Amanda Corcoran, created a great deal nf admiration ? among Auckland ladies by lier tasteful dressing as Ada Ingot in David Qarrich. , ? THE Sign ofth'e Cross completed the Knight-Ferrar season at the Princess amidst overwhelming excite ment. The theatre will be closed to-night pending final preparations for The Forty Thieves. THB Royal Comic Opera company do not go to New Zealand yet^awhile. as Mr. Pollard has arranged with " The Firm" for a production of The Gfeisha and La Poupeeby the Juvenile Opera Company, , MB. Harry Rickacds estimates his outlay for entertainment in 1808 as £120,009 or over <82,300 per .^week as the cost of his -various companies and stars, Sampson, the strong man, reoeived <8250 per week. Biondi £150. . THE Beerbohm Tree production of The Three Musketeers in London has drawn 1500 a night on the average, or 240,000 during the 100 performances. Australian managers would think themselves in the seventh heaven to achieve just a quarter of this success, MB. Harry Diver wan married on April 18, at St. Stephen's church, Sydney, by the Rev. J. Ferguson, to MIPS Helone Burdetfcp, step-daughter of Mr. Laohlan MoQowan, one of the oldest actors on the Australian stage. Miss Burdette was recently a leading -juvenile at the Sydney Lyoeum. THI Hnyti-M'Kae Company under Mr,- Hurry Conor's management left San Frnnoisco on May 3 for a tour of the world, They play two weeks in Honolulu, visib Apia in Samoa, Auckland, and com mence in'Sydney on June 12. After the Australian tour they go to South Africa., returning to Now York by way of London. How London Lives, the new pieoe at the Royal, is not only intended to illustrate pictures of London life, after 'the fashion Mr, G. R. Sims made so forcible, but London as seen from above aad below Mr. Bin ad Holt has hit una >uwwincident or .Berios j ot incidents, leading up to a startling climax. The new posters aro highly effective, the stream of charactors being really an index to the story. MB. -Oscar Girard, of the Belle of New York, .developed his present throat trouble through the blizzard of last "November. Previous to that he had sung and starred in many of the Gilbert-Sullivan operas. He wished to cancel his contract with Mr. Lederer when he began to experience the acutenoss .of the attack, but Mr. Musgrove suggested a trip to Australia as the easiest way out of the difficulty, and Mr. Girard is already feeling the benefit' of the change. He began his career long ago as a call-boy, running away from school to join a company under Edward " Evangeline " Rice's management. Mb,. Alf. Bellman and Miss Lottie Moore, fresh, smart, and up-to-date as ever, have a good farcical sketch in Outwitted. Their singing is heartily encored. Mr. George Dean has made his name as a character vocalist, and his numbers are given with plenty of vitality. The Leslie Brothers, in the eccentric "music- mad" interlude, Mr. James C. Bain, Pope and Sayles, and the pretty little pair of dancers-Misses Delroy and Lynns-have each their special section of admirers. The singing contingent of Mr. Harry Rickards' Company includes Mr. Fred Duncan, Mr. Hamilton Hill, Miss Hettie Patey, and several others. A matinee is given every Wednesday at 2 30 p.m. ME, Kyrle Bellew figuratively holds up his hands in horror, at the waste of time in the rehearsals of Robespierre at the London Lyceum. Everything is done leisurely, as if the motto, of the company were Festina Lenta. Rohenrsals commence about eleven a.m. and frequently drag into miduight. He con siders Sir Henry Irving one horn to command, and concerning Rnbaspierre, Mr Bellow says that it ap proaches more to the spirit of the Revolution than any play he has seen, but the_r«: is an' absence -of love interest. Among offers Mif'Bellew has .recQjve'tJ. is one to create the ]eadjngvp'art in a new play'Vby Zangwill to he produced by the Arnerioan Lietler Company in New York.! us ^ ' In" a list published by^%^^m6t'it5,an'"paper of the earnings of leading singer& States during the recent opera season," Madame Sembriohs ?heads the list with 28,000 dollars. Madame Frances Saville and Madame Melba have 4000and 3600 dollars .opposite their respective names. It has to be re membered, however, that Madame Melba only sang I twice, while the other artists sang many times. Dur ing the present season Madame Melba has been the star of three operatic companies, and the popular opinion is that she will take more money out of America than any other artist of the present genera tion. Miss Henrietta Watson visited old friends at the Royal last &eek; directly on her arrival. They were delighted to see the favourite again, and though she knew what a cordial gretting1 was in store for her, Miss " Hetty" as they loved to call her, was some what overcome by the genuine feeling evinced on all I sides. That she was to star in the "rival show" did not matter in the least, they wished her luck and the piece luck; and she reciprocated their good wishes. ? Bland Holt, she declared, looked younger than when aha wont away. ; The family gathering of the Watsons was Tather unique, for with her sister Miss Elizabeth in the Bland Holt Company, and hrother. Mr, .T. B. Watson, stage manager otTho Forty Thieve* company, Miss "Hetty " felt very much at home. . ? Woman and Wine, at the Royal, after a record of forty-two continuous performances, will ho with drawn after to-night in favour of How London Lives an altogether new drama by Messrs, Arthur Shirley and Mattyn Field. The funoy of so many play rights for bringing: "London" into their titles has led to some confusion over Mr. Bland Holt's forth coming production. People imagine Hoio London Lives must be another version of some play already known, whereas plot, plan, and dramatis personco are quite familiar as far as Australian audiences are ? concerned, la America the name was boldly changed to London Lire, to avoid misunderstandings, but the original title was reverted to afterwards aa. the drama beoame known. Tbo first performance to-morrow (Saturday) will disclosT^T" sensations, which are to outrival all m-l "'"rtiu the season. u oth®r fc£f0cu Thm Cinquevalli boom at the Brirm >, together packed audiences since the fa -5» commenced hie season. The earns nP k-i?'0,19 Win roara of laughter, for the* 3fecfc$^4 equipped aa a locomotive billiard table n 1 qu8tar the game to an exciting finish all bv him, beyond measure. People forget their T3t -3 !uo» in the pleasure the spectacle civo* Wsll®i perfect ease and finish of the whole tiifT' for ll! absolutely unique in all that pertains ?n^akej| quevallian art. The cannon-ball trick i m Cil startling part of the performance . no Q: often anyone has .Been it, there is alway 5 room fd wondering,conjecture. As for flyu," hats, umbrellas, cigars and lighted canrll! ^' ji_ 1. i.._j ±.i. . -n. ?% i UIQS, u,u0Ut tem?'8[ Among-favourites of lesser notels Mr the one-legged comedian and dancer ceived a warm welcome on his return. DAKTE. the dauntless, continues his Ma"lc .f George's Hall, and, though by this time thJl very few who have not seen this prince of conj,,' tho attendances are always very large. Som tators have even gone so far as to bet on tLT trick, for one night last -week Dante sob the r down to two minutes and a half, the shortest on oord. Cook and Maskelyne at the Crystal hi' always kept within a margin of five minutes n cabinet seance, closely watobed by a r,mm scrutinisers from the audience, has never varied h a hairsbreadth, and the dozens of other illusive; eidents that occur in Dante's entertainment reml in the same state of inexplicable perfection that people speculating five -weeks ago. The tnuuoiw passages are so well blended with the purely taoularthat the two hours pass almost as magically as if the waving of Dante's wand had turned tbea into so many minutes. The beautiful Madotuoisell Edmunda receives great applause for hor share whether calculating, bicycle riding, serpentine du iag, or illustrating the fate of Madame Sana Gem To-morrow afternoon Dante is to give another jW folks' matinee, with a special programme to suit a! ages, from two to twenty. The two nights revival of A Royal Dime Princess had a certain amount of novelty in addition to the popularity of the play. To everyone's regie Miss Ada Eerrar was out of the bill through illne;!, but Miss Emily Hughes was a good aubstituto. St> treated; the character of Josephine with such earned ness and dignity that her pronounced mannorisi of speech' could scarcely be said to interfere with la general performance. Miss flarrie Ireland, had ;l; been well, .would shave gone far towards beingli» ideal archduchess. Mr. Oily Deering follow! lVIr. Atholwood as the drunken Grimaiul, but; Keightley as .Beaumont was not so effective as J!r, Mervale, * although certainly less melodramatic The best played of the secondary parts was tin Corvisart of Mr. Lissant. Napoleon, as always, ra made impressive by Mr. Julius ICnight. The runof 'The Forty Thievos commences to-mono* Saturday night at the Princess, Mora than to ordinary exoellenoe of extravaganza attaches to tin production,.aa the management have not ronwiMil content with , the original completeness of (!) burlesque, aa first given in Sydney at Christum The success of the war tableaux in n Royal Ditmt has led to a whole, group of battle pictures, illustrat ing great'deeds.'of -English history, with a dim representing Britannia and hor sonr. Mr. Gordon, Mi;, Plril Gontuher, nnd Mr. John G«rw are repponsiblo, for .-the Riionory, Hio IiisfoM'' ooalurnns nre from ;tho otlior hou?". Om <v hundred ond fifty people will be on the fW together in the great spBctaclea, and a notowor y featuro of . the Cast is that it includes nearly use in the Iwutiutf I'1"1 and Miss Cesoa Vollugl to some promising begins* Chief among -the ballet.-* ia a corn and poppy of clever young Australians in tho Jwutui;! I from Miss Q;irriu Moor.o, Mias Uoao Juusk|0\u VUiOJ. . (tuivu^ . v'llT **« t * -- , for vvhioli Moris'. Leon Oaron has svrittaii the ' Mr. J. IJ. Watson i < staye 'wuna^r, and the mi» have been arranged by Hiw Minni'i ^VB Mwa Janniki Brenaih Mr. lat-K 11 siderable share with M Cnton in U.<> niiui' 