ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (Pl'EIISHED BV SpEClAJ, Á P. p. A NT. Eil EXT.) PEN HAL A: A WAYSIDE WIZARD. I ^ CLARA LE'jIOIíE, i Anthor oí " A Harvest Of Weeks," A Co'.'KNAJiX Vl'lTil the DEAD ' " Gwe>" Dale's -Ordeal," "A Wab With DeSTJSY." Etc., Etc. CHAPTER XIII.—(Continued). Again there fell a silence between thein, but i this tuna it tras not because the stranger was absorbed in admiration of the scenery, for her eyes were still on the ground at her feet, and the supporting h.ind from under her cheek had been moved higher, and laid across her brow, so that nothing of her face could be seen. Looking at that shielding hand, 'it'struck Mrs. Edy VC3.T1 that it was ¡ess steady tlir.n it migh't liave been, and she said to herself that the little lady had overdone herself in " trairis irig " uphill in face of that blow. " Put like that," she said, breaking the silence in a lov.-er voice than she had used before—a shocked voice, as it seamed to Sirs. Edj-vean—" put like that, it sounds terrible. It sounds as it you meant that he only wanted to hang young Penhala : as if he .csred nothing at 2II for. the strict j así ice of the case." A very curious look flashe i into Mrs. Edyvean's eyes as she r.esri Had she really given expression to such alTaircglit as that ? Then the closer she kept her lips'shar" on this subject the better.. For it is one thing to think discreditable things of. your own, offspring, and another to speak of them to- every passer-by you meet. . - "You're ovrer-quick at putting big mean ingts to little words," she retorted. " I had ! no micb thought in my head, I do assure vju. i It it makes no difference to you, we'll lev my son out of taalk alrogether. It do seem as ef my temper got clain off weíh rao whenever hc-s nM_:ne'.^as much as mentioned. Most like et's because. I do knaw how roak speak of to another. Mebbe yon can tell me if et's true what people were spying last market-day, when I was down to Cam Ruth, about Mr. Penhala's return." _ Wiüi-the change ox subject she.had also changed her manner. There was barelv a j trace of the "Camish" about the last- put question. She liad evidently donnc-d her j best country manners .'-.gain, and further con- j Sdences on the subject of hc-r son's where- I about? were out of the question. ¡ " What are they saying about his return ?" 1 inquired the lady, lifting a startled face from her'hand. "I have heard nothing." "Aw, most like tes only gossip, ma'rni," she said, noting with a little surprise her visitor s interest in _the. nets' topic, and be ginning to feel a vague curiosity stirring within her. ' " When- people will be alwavs yapping, it. stands to -.reason, the stock of truth must ran shqrt sometimes, and then tes .that the lying begins." • "Still," persisfced-the little-lad v,- quietly. " I should very much like to kno77 what you did. hear about Mr. Penhak's return ? When I came here Mrs. Polwhele told-me he had. never been near Cam Ruth since'-since the jury brought in that verdict against his son; and the general impression seemed to ha that he had left the place for good." - : So toaks.thought.- Hut-things is sure to be different prnv lie's rokrriedr¿mother wife." " Married " Aiv r tes surprising neivs 'that, surely When a man's mourned iiis finsi -«-ife for!: a matter, of-.fowrteen year,.'ic do seem a bit late in the day to thenk about a second." "A .second?'' echoed the little k>dv her wits nil hopelessly at siies and syrens in the greatness of. her surprise. A-id then, catching^ the inquisitive looks of the older woman bent on- hc-r in open' inquiry, she clasped her hands impulsively and broke into vapid speech. ' * . ~ ' "\ou are wondering what all this has to do with me—why I, a stranger, should take so much interest in Mr. Penhala's nfihirs ? But the fact is I am not a stranger—not in the sense you take it. My husband was related to the first Mrs. Penhak—through his mother. Smith, my name is—Sirs. John Of course I knew, from my husband, how faithful Mr. Pcnhala had been to the memory of his first wife, and that was what made'me so astonished at what you said. Is it true do ycii think V' ^ " That Penhala's marrie4-ag?.in % "Aw, yes, tjafc part of the news es true enough, I reckon. They was married, just bafore^laast 'Christmas titue. They do say Peuhala married hoping to have a child of 1©; own to take he.s plap.ee over the way there, after ■ oiin: But it seems the new wife is terruble /Icl'.cate; so happen that hope will fall to ¿the ground along with ihe others." "".But the other son—this unfortunate John '< ■■ "Av> í"¿fohni-Wei], tes always been my opinion, and foaks es coming- round toiny by degree, that that lad dedpay"hes3eliF"t<i 'GodAlmighty most-as soon as it fell due. My son was the only soul as knawed aught about the real doings of that awful night, and he stud to ,'t that- the laast thrng lie s?pd -fll- Jolui-Penhala, he was tea: ing like mad along t'ither - bank of the' river. Seems to me 'twas just God's 'handi work, to send hiui over' cleff after the powr little-weneh-li&'d-cheatctl-and ruined. Any-, ways, Penhala he's.behaved as of the lad were dead. He's got Act o£ Parliament," or some such fheng, made out for him, so as he can lea\ e ; ali. bes proppefty just as' whim taaks in- ,/ . .' •• "Mrs. Edyrenn stopped abruptly, checked' by a cunous little-sound from her listener.. . " Qh, I cannot help it!" said Mrs. Smith" witli a.big.dry sob ; " it'isall.sqsad, so heart •^reaking. It is well indeed that the poor boy ¡S dead and out of it all. There was no longer a resting place'for the sole of- his foot in th:s hard-judging world • ' :^T| ithoiit any further pretence at conceal ment, she dropped her face in her hands and cned softly ; and Mrs. Edyvean- watched her with a touch of sympathy in her quick dark eyes. - Tes like your husband knew the lad. You've heard taalk of un. Aw, 'twas a' grievous businc&s; all through, 'tivas. He had a smile like a May morning for sparkle. Aw, 'twas a promising lad, sure. And now hes aiaiac has passed out of the land for ever, ands father es setting all hes -hopes on another son. ' Twas that I heard down, to Garn Piuth : that they was coming hoam, so as new heir should be barn on th' estate." CHAPTER XIV. A Love Which Ivnow.; xot Sackimce.. "Mygood soul," said Dr. Winthrop, in a tone v/'nich suggested that his patience was on the verge of givihg way, " don't I toil you that I will be responsible for all the harm that can result toMrs, Smith." Mrs. Pclwliele gkneed across the width of her best bedroom to "the big four- poster on 1 he other side, in the shadowy depths of which one could just distinguish the out lines <>f á slender, form, and a pair of small hands wandering restlessly about the quilt,-searehiug for something they would never find. Pitifully heirless they looked as they groped, with unfailing regularity, first to one end cf the bed and then to the other, almost as if they were resigned to the fruitlessness of their quest, and were yet \- IxmuhJ to continue it'as long as the power of movement was left to them. ^•As'Mrs. Polwhele looked r.t t!:cin now their troubled lielplessne.-.s went .s:.r,-;"ii' toher heart, and she beg«n to c v. "'Tisn'fc natural you ahovíd ¡W1 ¡MmiW matter as I do, doctor," she n-M. " Vou've not known the poor Hula !:¡'lv for weak* :[v f have. It-E«?ms '.<> r.'.e ¡ike :i do-.rnvi-'ht i'.í- 'x of treachery—nothing more or !eito take advantage of the poor li-ik- h(,:!¡-s nt-ss ;«)Ki friendlessnc-.-vi, d-j a thiV" that v.'c kiio'.v sue wouldn 1n if s]ie ho consul led in the inath.-:-. How do you know r;he v.-ouldn't sanction it?" asked 3)r. Winthrop, sharply. "You don't know -nylhing óf ihe 'sort! My opinion is th-it, if she knew the loan of hei naby for a day or two might be the means of .s.n'iiig .drs.^ r ennaia''.; I i ft?, she would Iuüd it listen, and die doctor, seeing it. hastened to press home his advantage. "I c:;u understand voi'.r lee!i:v's ¡.i(iu, mal'tor, and t;iey do you ^reat credif. Vo¡to\ got a ii.ition 111 your head' that we are lo ta'ce atlva»ini;euf Smith j;: ko::h¡ v.-av. and you tancy that bee tuse she is. not able t< ligiit her own :;:;ttle.-f yo;; ought to then for her—my dear soul, it is all the greatest nonsense in the world ' There is no wicked scheme on foot to rob Sirs. Smith of her baby, or change the children, or anything of : that sort. All I want is the loan, for a few days, of this week-old babe—and I'll guaran tee that poor Mrs. Smith won't be in a con dition to miss it till long after it has served Bay purpose. We simply «-ant to hide the fact that her own babe was born dead from Mrs. Penhala till she is better able to bear it —to show her a baby, any baby, and let her think it is herí, and give her something to live for. It can't hurt the child—a short drive fa a close carriage on a warm day like this—it can't hurt the child's nr-tber, ¡ because it will be back long before she'll miss | it, and it can and may do a very great service to Mr. and Mrs. Penhala. Come now, act, like a sensib'e woman : Wrap up the scrap of humanity in a warm shawl, put on your bonnet, and come up to the house with me ¡ straight away, and put the child ycursc-lf into the charge of the nurse up there. A real | grand nurse she is. too—fcasnui-seJ r. duchess and half-&-dozea countesses in her time, so you need not be afraid that this young lady of yours won't ba properly attended to." She was not afraid of that, she said, she was afraid of only the one tiling—doing i harm to Mrs. Smith, And if the doctor was | quite certain that the child would be allowed to come back to its mother as soon as she wanted it, she would make no more bones ¡ about the matter. " A nice sort of "man you're making Mr. Penhala out to be," returned the doctor, laughing—his good humor quite restored by this submission to his wishes. "I should; think he is one bi the list men in the world likely to run away with other people's chil dren, and sticK to 'em, in spite of their1 parent's wishes to the contrary/' Sirs. Polwhele said nothing to that, only sTSÜéd a litfcle-at the doctor's nonsense, and woman who was nur sing; the baby by-ihe^ fire to follow her, turned and left the room?"---—_ - i Itiwas oTrthe evening of that sSrae.day that Mrsj Penhala, rousing.herself suddenly "froto^ a quietness which the nurses had taken for sleep,-asked them to send for her husband. They had not far to go ; he had' only ¡ ; thrown himself down on a couch in the next | room, tó snatch a little rest after the strain of the last twenty-four hours of anxiety. , His wife had seemed so much happier and ¡ quieter since the child had been placed by her side,-that he had allowed himself to hope i that the worst ivas past, that the doctor's stratagem was to succeed after all, that the ' love aiid joy of maternity would prove: strong enough to win her back from the very jaws of death.' And he thought so still inore when -he-saw- herlyifig there, looking at the babe with a kind of adoration in her wan face. She smiled up at him as he came, and put a weak hand out to liim. And when he clasped ib close in his, she drew his large, shapely fingers down softly, to. the tiny head on the pillow between them, and held them there. ''You will love it always, Lance!" she whispered. "Promise me you will love it with 'all your heart7' ' " •\ My darling !" hñ.murmured,; as if iivxc mo^strance at the needlessuess ..of "the -.request. ' \--- 'I Ah; but I want you to promise in actual woijds, '^she- persistedrAveakly.—'' I- am afraid I that perhaps, if I die, there, wilt be a little I soreness in your heart against the poor, wee ! thi^jg, and you will- grudge- ityour 'love be cause it cost you rac." - ' . : But it is.nótgping to cost me yóu;" ,he said,.smiling-very tendferly at her ; " we.are ail going to k.v-'e very happy .times together yet^ you and l and—the yüungster." ■ - / .« üiiajine,;r she put in, .q'Si^y j" "I want yoú to call hfeV Ellaline. "íes, and I hope toq for, those lutppy times, Lance stilt I should be so much móré contented' "if ■ you iioyld give me this promise." "Mydeavp.~t" }u> s'iid then, seeing how her thoughts dwelt or. it, and knowing-how'all important it was that her mind should . be completely at rest. ''I will give yo'i any j proniit»^ you af-;k of ins." . - The hot, feebla fingers gripped themselves j a trifle closer round his, and laid theru oh the j baltó's doivijy iiltló ctániuso. j "-To.lora and cherish her always, .as the ! very app}e-of your eve, Lance !" "Yes, d-irlihg." ".To bear-always in'imnd that she was a ! solemn legacy from your, wife, to guard her from evil, and to do all you c^a to.make.her a good, happy woman." ■ — " My lrivn, I wjl' try my best." ' " It is a promise," she said, softly, "You iways kec-p your promises, Lance. Will you j kiss her now—just there in'front of her car. She is a lovely baby, Lance-^-you will h¡;v; daughter to be.proad of one day. ifow ! me, dearest. I think I shall be able to I .now." ' i.;t— sleep It was about midnight when there began a i startled bustle and movement in the sick I room, and messengers were sent flying through i the suddenly aroused house irr search of Penh&ia; and the doitor. They were both in time for the end. he I was sinking simply from exhaustion. The i window was wide open to' the- satin-like soft j 7) ess of the October- night, but even so the room was warm, and the doctor presently signed to one of the nurses to move the child, that the patient might have more air. ' But at the first attempt the dying woman made an effort, lifted her-hand, -and laid it detainingly on the babe.' She raised her fast fading glance as she did -it and saw her hus-; band's sorrowful face at the bedside. As their eyes met, through' the gathering shadow, in hers there glimmered for an instant the ghost of a smile. - '' Your promise," she breathed, " you shall have—your reward." . And then the shadows closed in quickly, ana the light "'went out of I her lace as at an unseen touch. ■: And, leaning over to kiss her, Penhala felt the warm breath of the little one brush his j,cheek, and, turning instinctively, kissed that ' too. - - • "Whose child is it?" he asked, as they took the little creature from under the waxen hand. The dead woman had been very dear to him, and his heart was aching under its new sense of loss ; but lie and the heartache •were such old cronies by this time, that he made no grteat outward sign ever its re arrival. His handsome face took on an added touch of stillness, his lips paled under the unconscious pressure he put on them, his eyes darkened under their prominent brows, that was all thosa about hiui saw ; the rest they, knew without seeing. Whose child -js it, doctor ?" :' -i The doctor took him by the arm and led h'un away into the next room, following the woman with the baby, who", after miking the sleeping child comfortable on a • pile ,of cushions, went back again to her duties in the death chamber. ■ . ■ _ j "It is the child of a Mrs. Smith, who came from no* one knows where a few weeks ; ago, and put up at Mrs. Polwhelp's." i "-A poor woman,?!- • " A lady," returned the doctor, decisively ; "for the other, I c,-.n't say. There is no want of money showing itself just now, at all afternoon to do the best I could for the poor thing—I would carry the prc-mise out if it were any way possible." It was on the very tip of Winthrop's tongue to advise him not to gire way to a sentimental impulse, the indulgence of which might cause him life-long regret. But though the. thought was in his mind the words were difficult to say. There was something in Lance Penhaia's face, as he stood there, looking down at the sleeping child, which for a time being put- worldly wisdom at a discount. Without quite understanding the bias of his silence, the doctor left his shrewd advice unspoken, contenting himself, instead, with a mental memorandum to put Lady Penrudaaeh on to the task to-morrow. But what is to be will be ; and two months liter, when Mrs. Polwhele. at last considered Sirs. Smith well enough to hear the truth about everything, the baby was still up at the big house on the hill. " WeThave bean telling you all this time that the baby was away—out at nurse," said the innkeeper: "and in a manner of speak ing it was true, my dear." They had grown to known each other very well during those weeks of the constant intercourse of a sick room. "But it's lior perhaps jiisfc the sort of nursing yon have been fancying." With that childlike ínteres fin out-of-door trifles which invalids feel when they fir3t move from the bed to the window, Mrs. Smith was watching the boatmen warp a large smack round the head of the little pier that lay under Tregarion Head. But there was a touch of anxiety in Sirs. Polwhele's voice, and Mary, recognising it, turned quickly to know the cause. " You're not going'to disappoint ine againfs she cried. " I have been so patient all-ibis time. Were you ever a mother ? Do you know how my heart hungers for a sight of my baby 1 There—" this with a sudden new feir in her eyes—" there .is nothing wrong with it? It is not " Ji"o ! Xo ! my dear," cried Mi's. Pol whele, " don't fuss yourself with that notion. The ¿abe is a real beauty, and come, what may; you shall see her to- day if your mind is'sst on it. The child is staying up at Pen haia's bouse, and I'll send Jenny up with ' " Penhaia's house _?" Mrs. Smith half rose from her big-chafr," •withjetery drop of blood ebbing away from her face. "" Why have you sent my baby there ? "r _. v * -i. "Oh dear, oh dear began MrsiPolwhele,"": scared out of her life at the way.. her news j was taken,. "I-'almost ^ent down on my' knees to talk .Dr.. W'inthrop outer it. My dear, it was none of my doiig . Biit the first shock .of the news was over now, and Mrs. Smith dropped back in' her chair, trembling, but a little on her guard again. Her little one in its grandfather's house .' What strange chain of circumstances had brought about such an accidental piece' of justice as that ? ' ""'You sec, Mrs. Smith," continued .Mrs. Polsvhele, gathering courage as" slie pro ceeded, when the- doctor suggested-it— 'suggested that your little -bixe-should-go up yonder—it was as.a jast hope .for poorMrs. Perihala. She kept on all the time; asking for her child, and they were afraid to tell her that it had never lived, they thought that the! shock would kill her outrightV ■' And theh the doctor thought of your babe—then justa week old—and dashed downm the'ear riage to fetch it. My dear, I wouldn't have let it go, only he pressed me so hard, and pro mised me so solemn that it should be back at 'your side lüíig before ^you. ;were sensible enojugh to miss it—you see. my" dear, he couldn't foresee then what was going to rhappen, any more than any of the rest of us. ••Anil if we had we should have-been hard put to it to decide what to do for the besf,. with out/ your word on the matter. ' ■ The child is well asked Mary again. She found it nscessary to keep that fact well to the fore, during Mrs. Polwhele's rambling, explanations. " You're quite sure my baby is well, and straight, and strong 1" ' '-"My dear, it is a picture of "a child de clared Sirs. Polwhele ; and at that Mary sighed, and sank back in her seat, and pos sessed her soul with patience,: till-she should understand how this wonderful condition of affairs had come about. ■ And whom she did understand, she'sat very still in her big chair, gazing out of the window. Bui: her eyes had no perception of the material in them ; they had the appearance of j looking inward, as if they were holding con- j verse with lior own soul. ■ ¡ Mrs. Polwhele—having finished her story of Penhaia's promise to his dying wife, and of his desire to fulfil that promise by putting the strange child in the j^lace of bis own dead hp.be—stood for a lew seconds watching the j rapt look on Mary's face. And then, from | somewhere, the fancy canse to her that the j little lady was praying—maybe for guidance I in this matter of hor little one's future, and she stole quietly away and left her to it. To Mary,-thinking her . biü,y... thoughts .by the little window, it seemed as if G id's own right hand were shaping her child's destiny. How should she reconcile,herself to the loss of her little one ? Alas ! that.she did not know ; she only Juiew that, reconciled or net, it ¡was a loss she_ would_have to subrnjt to.. How could she daycsjto 'rebel when heaven itself interfered so unmistakably, to restore toher little one some- share of her just rights. "I will -briny the ;e|uld up as my. own,"! was the message., péncala hod sent to her, : " if the mother will undertake, to leave it in j my hands entirely;" .; And Mrs. Polwhele had said that he was j already learning to love the tiny babe—the only i-hiM nf his only win i And, was it likely that she would step in, with her selfish jealousy, and prevent such a-righting5 of a i past wrong as this.? :; She must go away somewhere—a great distance away it must be, because 'she knew her own weakness— and:do.battle. wi> liber. mother's yearning as best-.'she. might. And 'so: Lance Peiihala was allowed to fulfil his wife's dying request, and carried the liUle\cfeature"6ff'to.Ljndón. with liini, glad i to on'ce/more.shake the dust ol ConmJT "off his fret-.Por it seemed to him, now more ¡ than ever, :■ that -there was a curse on - the ! beautiful'house his grandfather had built tor his descendants, and Lanco almost felt like registering a voif never to set foot, in Cum Ruth again. . . • ■But'lie-rt'a"s"ffot;£nnan given to the utter ance of hasty, v.ows-, so be contented himself instead with making arrangements for a very ! long absence. And, as the years passed on, the beautiful , house v among the pines gradually sank into the condition of a mere j sliooting-box, for the use of Mr. Penhaia's intimate friends, when they came down for a week or two's wild- duck shooting among the retired pools on the estate. (To he con(.\nv.'sl.) 