Tarcntta. {MUM Oim GOKIlKHf'ONDENT,) TUB WKATIIMl. Tiib drought, apparently, haw completely, broken up. For tho pint wcok wo have had goalie soaking rains. The local gauge! has registered 242 point* for the montn.j For tho past four days light raio had. fallen nearly inoosnsntly. Lint night,! (Mouday), the weather cleared and wo had a very sovoro front, It is freezing tonight. Tho grass ib fairly good for this timo of the your; hut heavy ftotU would be' a mlifortuno just now, as they would retard1 tho growth. Now that tho drought ban' broken up, wo inay expeai the old ardor—j fchrco frosts followed by rata—tobecomo tho rule onco moro. I AttMUUI/rUltK. 1 With tho advent of good soaking rains our nloughboys will now whistle •« O'er tho Lea " again, and largo areas will bo crop*' pod. Notwithstanding tho Hoason boing dry and unfavorable last year, TuroutU farmers scoured a fair yield. Tho late No* vembor rains o»me in the nick of tlmo and tho wheat yield por aoro wdb oxcollent. Tho harvest of 1800 it is to b<> hoped will bo a bounteous one, and full granaries bo plentiful. stock. All kinds of stock aro in good condition and will bo able to wcathor tho winter well. Our largor stock holders arc too well up in their business to go In for overlooking,* consequently thoir paddock* aontain an Abundance of winter feed. Up to <Uto our •Sunday roasts mtill dioplay tho golden aolvodgo so dour to a Britisher's taste. ' | KQOTHAMm Tho first match of tho season oxtno ofT on tho Tarcutta ground on Saturday Uat. A team from Adolong catuo ovor to try con* elusions with our Kughy men, but suffered defeat at tho hands of tho Tarcutta boys. Tho Adoloni: team wcro not fairly roprc nooUtivo of Adelong's strength, hut that wa« their look out. From start to finish they (Adelong) had not tho ghost of a iihow with' tho Tarcutta playere,Tarcutta, in fact, fairly romped over them. Tho tuainfl wore com posed as followH :—Tarcutta : Wfd Archer (captain), I'odmorc, Hogan, Hilton, Jim Ingram, L. Clemson, K. Rodd, T. Smith, A. Burt, Dyball, Jack Cox, Trcaillian and Tom Galvjn. Adeloug : Wat Brown (captain) Potliins, Waddup, Webster, Annottfl, Kolly, Powell, Willis, Will Hrown, fiatolv, i'aiooo, Smith, Dawson, and Younjf. Tho game totalled io a wiu for 'i'arcuUa by 20 points to nil. Adelong played one man short. Tricn wor« obtaine<J by Clemion (2), Hurt, 1'od moro (*2), Cox, Archer, and (ialvin ; Hurt's try W4B converted into a goal by Archer. Tarcutta players entertained tho visitors at a banquet at hog'. PodmoroV, and at nodal in Hitlon' hall at night. (tumuK players are cxpected hero on Saturday next, when a itifTer game is anticipated. sroitTs. On th« 20th inat. (Referendum 0.*y) tho local football club will hold their annual athletic iportc at Tarcutta, to bo followed by a ball at night. A large attendance ia ©xpectcd. Nominations for the Handicap have closed with betweou 20 and <10 noniioa* tloai. There ahould be a largo number of votes polled at tho Tarcutta booth on tho 20th, and perhaps it would not bo out of place here to remind visitors of tho " male persuasion" to be suro and bring their " Rights " with them, and to be suro also to vote " right"—that U, a big M Ye#," 