[?] (cottcxght.) IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE, . ? » AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. ? ? » CHAPTER L ST. COHJMB*S COVE. Within a dozen miles of Land's End, where the grotesque and imperishable rooks of the ?? Sn&rk;'B Fin ' and ' The Armed Knight ' leave the wild surges of the At lantic, is situated the ancient hamlet of St. Columb'ts Core. The p'.ace is wild and picturesque in the The ceaseless billowB of the ocean rolling acioss from the shores of America have in dented the granite rocks which faced them into strange and uncouth Ehapes. Hollows and caves have been worn by the erosive action of a«es, and at times when the sea was lss'ied to fury it bowled and shrieked amoncst them ia doleful and appalling accents. The little cove was hollowed out of a soft stratum in the iron-bound coast, and within it small craft could find shelter. Looking from its cliffs on a fine day the fliai ou dines of the Scilly Islands away to Fouth-weEt could ne discerned, and lying between was the fabled submerged land of LyoneESP, over which King Arthur, of Bound Table fame, and his knights used to bunt. There was not a Bpot in the whele locality ,that was not associated with etrangc and weird legends. Over at yonder black cliff was the dreaded place where the spectre of St. Column's made its ominouE appearance as a herald of evil to the little settlement. Tdis portentous visitation took the form of a phantom ship, black and 6quare ripped, followed by a shadowy boat, the whole being of unearthly aspect and worked by no human lianas. When the mists rose seawards over the calm ocean abont nightfall the spectre ship « as ecen to glide silently towards the dark beetling cliff, and apparently sail right into it, disappearing as mysteriously as it had come. The apparition boded woe to Colnmb hamlet, and the primitive residents, almost seclnaed from the busy world and super ctitious to the last degree, placed implicit faith in the legend. Of ail peoples on the earth those of Corn, wall are pei baps the most superstitions, and attach supernatural reasons to most com monplace events. From King Arthur's time down to the latter end of the nineteenth century innu merable are the legends associated with Cornwall, and St. Columb's Cove was in the very heart of the mystic district. To the north the coast town of Tintagell stood with its ruins of Arthur's celebrated castic, where the court of Round Table was held. The famous bells of Tintagell, with the weird romance attached to them, are still heard by credulous people chiming on I occasions beaeatb the ocean. Indeed, eminent men have heard the strange sounds as of bells chiming, but science now attributes the booming noise to other and natural causes. Ciose by t*-e town is the site of the battle field where King Arthur met his death. Nearer to St. Columb is the celebrated morass whic'i it was part of the doom of the wicked Tregeagal to drain, and within half a mile of the Cove hamlet were seve ral strange granite rocks on an open moor. Of course a legend is attached to them, and it is at the expense of a worthy man of former times, named St. Just. This worthy man dwelt at the western eide of the Promontory, and on the eastern side lived another good man called St. Keverne, whose name is still famous in Cornwall. St. Just once paid his brother in right -eoGEseBt a visit, but on trie leaving St. Keverne missed some of his property. Waxing wroth — for even ssflnts hankered after earthly riches — he pursue) his late visitor, carrying with him from the coast a few granite rocks of auont a. .ton weight each. He overtook him near St. Oolumb. A colossal fight ensued and the rocks were used as missiles with such effect that St. Just was glad to disgorge the stolen pro perty. Such is the given reason assigned by the Corni6h people for the presence on the moor of the etrange rocks, and it is simply stated as a sample of the supernatural reasons to explain very natural circum etances. From time immemorial the hamlet of St. Coiomb had been supported by mining. Up to the year 1819 its output of tin had been considerable, but alter that date the yield had gradually fallen off until in 1868, the year tbis story opens, it could scarcely be called a mining district longer. Throughout Cornwall the Btaniferons areaB had become less, but the working of other minerals had taken their place. Coal and iron were being substituted for tin and copper, and it was simply a change in the mineral, that made no alteration save for the better in the progress of the dis trict. With St. Columb's Core, however, it was different. Tin was the only^mineral in the neigh bourhood that had been fonnd profitable to work, and once that iniustry became ex tinct there was nothing else to take its place. The locality was not fit for either agricul tural or pastoral pursuits. The coast-line was sterile anddesolate^ and the Bait spray of the Atlantic, which in roagh weather swept far inland, precluded ?he growth of vegetation, save that of a marine character. The fens and moors at the back of the hamlet were almost as unsuitable for agri culture, and nothing of a remunerative nature could be won from the earth* by that industry. As a fishing village the cove was also un suitable. The long wash of the ocean which beat upon (he coast with terrific violence when ever a slight storm arose rendered fishing as a pursuit out of the question in that par ticular spot. The cove offered few advantages in that respect, and as there were other parts not far di»t«nt which gave good shelter fishing smacks «ou»-!it them. So treacherous was the coast that a vessel driven near it was inevitably doomed to destruction. It was caught ia powerful cur rents when far off and sucked in to disaster and death. In former times the reputation of the coast was extremely evil. It was even said as a matter beyond dis pute that the inmates of a monastery which was built near the Black Cliff, and could be seen a long distance to seaward, were in j the habit of hanging a lantern out at night to entice voyagers to destruction. The good monks of course maintained that the lamp was hang out as a signal of danger to keep mariners away. That might be, but there could be no dispnting the fact that the religious brothers claimed and re ceived their full share of the wreckage that was plundered from the ill fated vessels lured on the rocks. In latter days without the hanging out of false lights tbe wrecks on the coast were numerous and disastrous enough to satisfy any lover of the Bensa tioaal. Of course the inevitable legend was asso ciated with such disasters. On stormy evenings a woman's shrieks were said to be .often heard coming from seawards, and some few favoured indivi duals with powerful imaginations had even caught 'a glimpse of a female form floating along in the mist and calling for succor. j This was supposed to be the ghost of a woman who long ago had been the only person aaved from a terrible wreck. Her husband and family had all been swallowed np in tbe furious sea when the ship drove on the rocks, and she, caught by a huge wave had been thrown into a cleft of rock, where she was found unconscious by a party of wreckers. Instead of dropping her back into the sea they had saved her, but it was soon fonnd that her reason had been shattered by the awful experience of the calamitous night. When she was able to get about she used to spend her time wandering along the beetling rocks and everyone pitied her sad case. One evening when a storm was leaning the ocean against tbe cliffs she disappeared, bnt a miner making his way borne had seen her end. He had watched her go to the edge of the Elack Cliif and gaze, apparent1? fascinated, into the tumbling billows below. Suddenly she precipitated hereelf from the Cliff and disappeared for ever. As her body was not washed ashore and she bad a mystery attached to her and the vessel in which she was lost, the usual legend grew around the event. It thus happened that in 1865 through the decline of the staple mining industry that the residents were fewer than in former times. The remainder still clung tenaciously to the remnant of the mining work which re mained. Centuries before the place had been famous for its output of tin. It was at the Cove so many historians eaid that tbe old Phoenicians first landed in search of minerals, and long before the time of Julius Caesar the precious metals and tbe baser ones also had been worked from their native ore. All over the district could be fonnd the remains of ancient workings. These bad been abandoned long anterior to the local records, but from the extensive \ reins they must have contained immense i deposits of ore. I In several places shafts of profound depth existed that had not been touchod for cen turies. At what period or by what people they had been excavated no one could tell. It was honestly regarded as beyond dis pute that for twenty centuries mining had been carried on in tbe vicinity of St. Columb's Cove, and romantic stories were current of the fabulous riches that had been won from the earth there. If B. Raleigh had lived a thousand yean before he did there would nave been no occasion — had half the 6tories been true — for him to seek the El Dorado in the mys terious recesses of a new world. In the Land's End be would have found the wealth for which he pined. Bven in the sixteenth century the bulk of the riches had been taken from toe place, and as time rolled on the patient but per siBtent miner still further diminished the treasure which lay buried in the earth. In the year 1865 the glory of St. Co Iumb'e Cove had disappeared, or was but a memory of the past so far as its mineral wealth wa6 concerned, and in the whole district there was but one mine which was Btill worked. This was called the ' Wheal Merlin,' and tbe site was supposed to have been pointed out as a profitable one to work by the famous enchanter of that name. This mine was in 1868 owned by one John Trenoweth, and it had been in the same family for generations. CHAPTER II. THE TBENOWETH'B. Almost as old as the hamlet of St. Columb itself was the Trenoweth family. Tradition set them down as being of memorable antiquity, but whether the an cestors of John Trenoweth traded with the Phoenicians, or whether a later generation fitted out a ship and fought with Drake against the Spanish Armada, is of little con cern to this story. There was little doubt that the family was of ancient lineage, and it was also certain that the ' Wheal Meriin ' had been owned and worked by the Trenowetbs for many generations. John Trenoweth knew this to his cost, for in the year 1830, when his father died and left him it as his only possession, he found that the living to be obtained from it was likely to be a precarious one. He was only eighteen years of age at his father's death and that event left him an orphan, his mother having died several years previously. Like all his predecessors he had no thought of leaving the old spot, but at once settled down to the lot which had apparently been destined for him: He was thirty-five when he married Mary Treloar, a girl of the village whom he had known since childhood, and the result of the union was one child, who was named Edward, after his grandfather. John Trenoweth was a man of greater en terprise in the working of the mine than any of his predecessors. The spirit of the nineteenth century was Btrocg within him, and the rude and primi tive metheds of working which had been in use for centuries at the mine were soon dis carded. The lode ran to a great depth and the shaft was deepened considerably so that it could be worked more advantageously. Tbe mouth of the main shaft was not more than a couple of handled yards frcm the cliffs on tbe ocean beach, and hitherto the utmost towards the west. A safe distance had been left between the furthest drive leading that way and the sea, for the miners had no desire to be in terfered with by leakages from the At lantic. John Trenoweth was more venturesome. With the shaft one hundred and twenty feet deeper than it had hitherto been he concluded that there would not be the least danger in driving beneath the ocean bed if necessary. This would give abont one hun dred and fifty feet of ground overhead if the drive were continued from the lowest level west, and the most experienced miners in the district considered with Trenoweth that westerly working under such circum stances was perfectly safe. After consultation with the miner* they expressed their perfect willingness to start a lower drive to the west and follow tbe rich ore that was to be obtained in that line. Trenoweth was soon rewarded for his en terprise by the increased yield of the ' Wheal Merlin,' and it almost seemed as if } the ancient grandeur of the family was 'about to be renewed. The turn of lack did not, however, last long, for the ore turned out to be patchy and realised no more than a fair living for the owner after all expenses were paid. Year followed year, and slowly bnt surely the underground workings of the mine be came more extensive towards the west. In fact in the year 1860 the whole of the operations were carried on in that side of the historic mine. The generations of miners who had lived, delved, and died at the mine, had com pletely worked it out in every other place save tbe one they were afraid to exploit, and consequently John Trenoweth was forced to confine himself to the west or abandon the place altogether. He had reason to be satisfied with the in beritance left him, for it was turning out fairly well with his improved working, and so it went on till the latter part of 1865, when an event occurred which completely changed the fortunes of the Trenoweths. Before narrating this Edward Trenoweth most be referred to. The reader has already been informed j that the marriage of John Trenoweth with Mary Treloar resulted in the birth of a son, who was christened Edward. This son was born in 1817 and grew np a vigorous youth. ? : His narents bad a notion of nl-f-ino tiim in one of the liberal professions, and in' pursuance of that idea sent him to Eton to be educated. It was the first time that a- Trenoweth of St. Columb had ever been1 sent out of the bamlet to be educated, and old people shook their heads in bodeful an- i ticipation of what the result would be. It I seemed like breaking the custom hallowed by centuries of observance and the wise acres of the village concluded that Edward Trenoweth was destined to break the long period of family isolation which bad shut ont the race from tbe world beyond the dis trict in which they lived. It must be said that Edward Trenoweth himself did not fall in cheerfully with the ezue from his native village, and he made no secret of his repugnance to life at Eton. A wild strain waB inbred. ? The youth loved tie lonely grandeur of the storm-tossed Cornish coast, aad to him St.Coiumb'fl Cove was the one place on earth. He bad a further reason for this love of the hamlet, for he had given his boyish heart to a maiden of the place, and that made the enforced separation from home all the more intolerable. The girl's nams was Inez Jasper, and her history was a etrange one. She was in fact a waif of the sea. One wild night in November, 1849, sig« -?'?»^»» W.WMW nub UUK1ICU II8U1K IO BCu* ward and the few inhabitants of the Cove gathered on the beach to give what help they could. This was very little indeed. The few old boats of the fishermen were utterly useless in such a storm outside the cove. The hardy men of the place well knew that it would be suicidal madness to put ont to where they could see a great ship drifting on to the rocks. The Cove bad probably been sighted by those on board the ship during the after noon and as a last hope they had made towards it. They must have been strangers to the coast to have done so, for to a vessel of such tonnage the Cove was practically inacces sible. The spectre lady had been seen to walk the night previous, so same of the supersti tious villagers 6aid. This legend had been whispered from one to another until it was believed, and as they gathered on the beach with the salt spray dashing in their faces from tbe half shel tered Core they had no hope that the ship would live through the storm. They seemed in fact to look npon it as a matter of course that the ship was doomed. The few boats were manned at nightfall, and tbe men rowed ont to the entrance of the Cove, beyond which they dared not go. From the coarse tbe ship was driving it was expected she wonld strike near the en *M*.*«n Af 4-1.** 114-4-l.n I.-.. ~._.3 —hi ... could do would be to lend a hand in saving any possible survivon. A few persons took their stand on the jutting clifls on either Bide of the Cove with ropes to throw to any clinging waif that might be dashed np by the waves on the lower ledge of rocks. As the people expected the unknown ves. sel drifted almost into the entrance of the Cove. Had she come fairly in many lives would doubtless hare been saved, but it was not fated to be. A treacherous current seized and bore her right under the Black Cliff where no human belp could avail, Huge fires had been lighted at the spot immediately it was seen the ship was going to strike there, and all night the villager* peered into ike seething ocean by them and the fitful light in search of a possible sur vivor. Not one was saved by them, and when morning dawned nothing but wreckage strewed the coast, whilst here and there m. ghastly battered corpse was to be seen. ! Tbongh the people on the cliff had not succeeded in saving a single soul, an oil fisherman named Michael Jasper had beem more fortunate. ? Early in the night he had pot out to the ' mouth of the Cove in company with fata three sons. — To be Continued. W F t 