2 FEDERAL NOTES. - amendments in the bill. The following six aineiiibiisiits have Iipsii made, in th" Federation Bill since 'ast retereiiiluni : — L The fixing of the capital m New South Wales. 2\. The limitation of the npt-ratiuu of the Braddon clause. , 3i.':The alteration ot the three-fifths majority ilia joint Billing 10 au aosoiuie majority. 4\. The security (hat no alteration can he made to ' the houudarics of a State without the consent of ' thatjState. 5! The provision for 'granting financial assistance , . to a State us Parliament may think fit, which pro vision obviates. the necessity of raising au unueces sariiy high. tariff 6.- The, more' easy power, ot amendment of the constitution. All of these, are advantageous to. New South Wales. . J ft" the. financial bogey. 'By': clause 86 of the Commonwealth -.Bit-- tlin cmstoms duties after Federation will he uniform all overZAiistralia. The. return . ol the stipulated sur- pliis-Will also he uniform. It is not' possible that any Stato can obtain any advantage over its neigh bors... The customs duties having been collected uniformly and returned uuifoimly, the action of pie Federal . Parliament' is complete. Since oh- viouSty.:tliere is hotliing unfair in the Federal pio- cedure.as iaid down by the bill, if anything unjust 'occurs It must be after the money is placed in the care oF tiie Parliament of New Smith YYales. If The people iu this cjluiiy keep in existence all pre sent sources of revenue, in addition to the customs duties levied by the Federal Parliament, ' thus raising. more revenue;- 1 ban tliis colony requires, it will be the fault of the people of this colony, and not of the Federal 'Legislaturo. The suspicion of unfair or incompetent management is against the . people of this colony, mid uot against the Federal Parliament. If, after Federation (although there inay he substituted taxativu), there he additional taxation in New South Wales, it will ho solely the fault1 of the people of this colony, with tiie excep tion of that necessary (upon which little stress is laid) to'-provide for the paymeut of new services. ; f . t t People talk u great deal about the crashing bur den: of - taxation under a Federal tariff— 22s 6d a year- !' Assuming for' the sake of argiimeut this is correct, the .present - duly on spirits per proof gallon ' is 14s. If -anyone will calmly try aud reckon up how many of his .friends cousume two gallons of spirits each during a whole year, and thus' contribute 28s per head to the revenue, and how- many consume a great deal more, lie will have a clear idea of how little the ordinary taxpayer wilj feel the weight of Federation, and how very far off the country is.trom having to tax every man, woman and child. The drinkers and smokers will coujtinue to pay for the nou-tlrinkeis aud 11011- smokers as usual. The addition of -2s 6d per. week to a man's wages, or £ per cent to a manufacturer or other producer or dealer's profits, would make all that difference aud more ; and at the presuut time most people know tiiat both the average wage earned, aud the average profit made, are lower than they have heeu for' years ; are lower than they ought to be, aud are lower, than they would he if the commercial in- terestg of the colonics were more uniform and placed upon a sounder basis generally. New South Wales, we are told, will have to see iier customs duties raised to a very much higher figure than at present, in addition to her direct taxatiou. If Mr Rid went out ot office to- morrow, and a protectionist Premier came in, would behave the ghost of a chance to raise the customs tariff un less lie at the same time lowered the direct taxes? Even so, no future Premier in New South YValcs would- hold office a week after Federation if he at tempted to keep up the direct taxes as they are nov, iu the face of 'the fact that the Federal Par liameut will be levying heavier customs than we have now. country towns and the capital. The Anti-Federalists.. have .boge.ya;. to suit ull tastes, and cue guaranteed to give satisfaction to country towns is a letter of- Mr C. G. Heydon'a which appeared in our last issue, and which has been going the rounds of the country press — or the \- country waste-paper basket, as tho case may be. This letter announces hold'y that for the site of the federal capital ' every town in New South Wales, great or small, aud wherever situated, is barred,' and that the capital ' must be either > barren, mountainous scrub or parched and drought- strickeu plain.' He readies this cnudusiou by as suming that the Common wealth is uot only to govern, but. actually to' own, every square inch of 6uch territory, and that ' whatever. part is private property must of course be bought.' The letter has a superficial resemblance to a legal opinion, but the resemblance is only superficial, because the substance of Mr Heydon'a argument in favor of this, interpretation more nearly resembles counsel's address to a jury, consisting ns it does chiefly ef two .irrelevant quotations from Mr Rcid and Mr Kingston. As a matter of fact, there is nothing jtt the clause which compels the Commonwealth to buy out private owners. Tbe clause vests in the Commonwealth the ' territory'— that is, the terri torial rights ; it says nothing whatever about the .'property' — that is,, the private rights of owner ship.;.- Whatever part of the Federal territory' the Commonwealth requires for its own purposes it inuy resume from the owners under section 51, which .empowers it to acquire property for -public pur- : poses: But the clause itself transfers territorial rights only — uot proprietary rights. Every acre of : th is colouy, whether privately owned or not, he- longs to' aiid-is ' vested in' the colony. "The terri- tqry .set apart., for the. Federal Government will_ cease' to belong to the colouy, but will belong to the Commonwealth, which means that any part of it which is Crown lands of the colony will become CroWtj" lauds of the Common wealth, whilst any part of it which is held iu freehold or leasehold » from" the colony will beheld iu freehold or lease hold from the Commonwealth, aud subject to a Federal .right of resumption, just as it is' now sub ject to a 'provincial right, of' resumption. Mr . Heydoii, in. his picturesquely- worded opinion, uses v the words Vo.wn'aini 'property.' The clause says 'nothing/of ownership or property ; the rights it transfers , are territorial rights only. Aud so an- .-other bogey vanishes. i'-'-: . ' ii the -.pettiness'-' of the anti-federalists iSMiat Ihpiffd give conifo.rt (says the Australasian) Tb/the irienda'- of the great Federal movement in /Ifisw ' Soil th JVY'a'l es— ou e at whicl) all Australia is r iooUing oil— is tho pettiness of the spirit to which the anti- billites make their appeal. They put for- ird the meanest kinds of arguments. There is .iio.t a manly .ring iii one of their speeches. They suspeeti/aild; insinuate evil. Surely -Aus- ; fcj:Mittua;may;infer that .the number of that kind of Cjjiq'ple is ;.!pb--!Krger .iu-Ne'jiv South :-Wales than else- Inhere, add Ahat .ihe bulk, of the inhabitants of Sydney-take a larger , view of the question than to ask how-much can we exact from our neighbors. If .the . anti- billites were .aware of the.atteutiou with which the campaign is being watched iu various "parts nfr.the .empire, they might be ashamed of the appeals they are making to the ivotst instincts in stead of the best of every elector. Sir Hugh Nelson has caught up iu Queensland some of the points the Sydney anti- billites urge, and lie is pro fessing to be alarmed at the prospect of the Federal Parliament starting off by spending £5,000,000 on the formation of a Federal capital. He lias picked that hint up from u portion of ilie Sjdney press, along with the lament of that press that New South YYales workmen will uot have the pocketing of the whole of the Federal expenditure. How can the Federal Parliament want to spend any such sum? It is not going to buy up Federal territory from private owners. It will only take over Crow u lands, and it will not want to spend much ou public buildings. For most of the Federal buildings, like the custom houses and post-offices, are already built, in the principal Australian cities aud towns. It is'with Sir Hugh Nelson iu Queens land as with Dr. McLaurin in Sydney. You feel when yiju read their utterances tliafc they are uot speaking. frankly. They pretend to he Federatien- ists w.ho object only to this particular biff. But tliey are at heart petty, dismal, melancholy pro- , viiiciafists. They have uot the germs of Federal soul in them, or they would welcome with joy the progress Australia is making towards Federation. Gould anything be more despicable tlinn the course i taken by the anli-hiilites it ill) regard to Queens.. : -jqtid » Jlr |»«'(,puseq ui tffe L'isljiffvp Council — a point on which lie refused to give-ivay , at the conterence-that even U tho Convention Bill should he approved of by the Ne.w South YY'alea people, their vote was to have no effect till Queens . luui came in ; and now the niiti-bil! association, of ; w hich lie is a leading member, is appealing to tlio : Clarence aud Richmond sugar-growers to vote . against the bill, la- cause there is a danger of , Queensland coming in. These sUgar-growers are ; .warned that the competition of the kanaka plauta- j tions will ruin them. There are hundreds of I kanakas oil the Tweed and Richmond already, bu' ; of course that black tact is ignored. Similarly, ; Sir Hugh Nelson is telling the Queensland electors. j that if they enter the Federation black labor will . be abolished in two years, and the rural iudu.itries of Queensland, which require protecting, will be killed off with New South Wales and Victorian competition. 