BY L. B. WALFORD. Author of "'Mr. Smith," "The Baby's Giundmatiher," '"The Archdeacon,"' &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Seven or eight years ago we Lad our last good old-fashioned Christmas, of the snowy, frosty, icebound order. In came Jack Frost, hand-in-hand with the new moon; ?in lie came, we say. plump into the heart of the holidays and homecomings, the feast ings and revellings-and what a shout of welcome went up from all over the land, and how glorious it was! home of us think of it now- some will never forget it to their dying day. . "'Pon my iword. we arc in luck!" cried Sir Joseph Hazel 1, rubbing his hands and blowing his nose, as he stamped in from the outer air, '"'the Toads are as hard as bricks; and there will be skating and all the rest "of it for the young folk. Your provisions have arrived, ma'am," continued .he, turning to'his wife; "J saw them at the station. And James was there with the cart. You seem to be doing the tiling (handsome; there was no end to the boxes." "I thought it better to have too much than too little. Sir Joseph." It was etill a pleasure to the portlv spouse of the new made baronet to say ' Sir Joseph." "Quite right-quite rig'ht," said- h-e; "and we have got together I'he proper sort of house-party, and no mistake. 1 think Noel .will be "pleased. He ought to be pleased, considering they are most particularly for hi? benefit. What did he say when he read the list, eh? Was he astonished? Kut I suppose not. Your swell of to-day is never iastonislied at anything. I suppose he thinks that lords and ladies grow on every tree, eh "To tell the truth"-'Lady Hazell hesi tated. £he bad been annoyed beyond ex pression by her son's indifference, but she did not wish to betray him to his father. .He was quick to see, however. "Was there anything wrong?" said he, sharply. "Oh, wrong? No." A little nervous cough. "Young men are tiresome," mur mured she, vaguely. "He is tiresome, is he? 'Pon my word!" The affronted parent reddened, albeit his heart swelled with a curious mixture of pride and resentment. "Good heavens! One would 'have thought we might have pleased our grand young gentleman this time. There is not a single superfluous per son in the whole set. What would he have?" "He says they are-dull." "Dull!'' Sir Joseph's eyes rolled fn their sockets. "Dull!" He had no words where with to express his amazement, the con sternation, the chagrin of his soul. "Dull!" lie almost whispered, as though blasphem ing. Presently, ^however, the elderly couple cheered up, the one encouraging the other. They spoilt Noel, they told themselves with beaming eyes. Every one spoilt Noel; had conspired to do so from earliest^ infancy. His grandmother, his aunts, relations, and friends, the world generally, patted him oji the back, and told liim he was a fine fellow. "And as tny only son." summed up Sir ffoseph, rearing his head and bulging his breast till he looked like an inflated pouter ' .pigeon, for 'he was short and stout, "as my onl.v eon and heir, it is perhaps-per haps it is only natural. Noel will be a big man one of these days. He will marry into the aristocracy. I shall have & 'Lady' Bo-and-So, or any way an 'Honourable' for any daughter- in-law. Then hey for Par liament-and M.P. after bis name. We will Settle him down in a good ihouse of his o.wn; he shall hunt, shoot, encourage local chari tjes^and industries-and his childreii 'will "Oh; flear, you are running on Fast-," cried! tiadir llazeli. smiling. But she had noi 6b- ? jectibn "to the picture, which indeed'was1 very familiar to her in all dts outlines.' Had not she and Sir Jpseph even fixed ipdn thje'. "good* liousfe." suitable in every way1, and, tot too far off for their own horses to go" and come in- the day, wliich report fiaid would be in "the market before 3tong. and whidh must 'not be allowed to go past tliem, if only Nrvel-the difficulty was about Noel. Be seemed to" have no turfn for matrimony. "All the same, we'll book him one of these days," prognosticated Sir Joseph; .; v . ~ ~ - _ . - r- --r "and aChrifetmafi party is just the thing." Accordingly, with infinite care and pains, theChristmaa party had- been arranged; and, ae said above, Fortune seemed to fa vour the fond pH rents, ior bli^e skies and sparkling frosjv inadeTnosfccountry invita tions tempting, and one to ifoe splendid mansion in the Mid-lands, where everything would be done in . the best style, and one could be sure of luxury and magnificence ad libitum, simply irresistible-ito certain quar ters. Down they all came, therefore, bag and baggage; and back" arid forward, rolled broughams and omnibuses between H&zell; Hall and the nearest station all day long. Kir Joseph was in his element. It over* joyed him to see the huge trunks and port manteaux being borne alolng corridors and | tVassapes, to"meet 'valpLs and lady's maids hurrying hithier and thither, ito catch, gleams of blazing fires in rooms too often disused. He had a turn for hospitality and . joviality. Had he not been such an impor tant personage, and, so secretly and despe rately intent upon beting more important still,' he .might 'have been something of a good fellow-but as itwas, only with cer tain people, afrd under certain conditions, even as a host durst he trust himself. He had aisen. and must never forget 'the fact. But he now cast a Satisfied, triumphant glance at Noel, feeling if the truth were told, tfhat Noel could never think him vul gar again. "GOT TOGETHER A JOT-LY CHRISTMAS PARTY, HAVEN'T WEV" Poor Sir Joseph! For this was liis terror, his nightmare. Somehow or other lie had divined what was meant by his son's ri'lence on occasions when brag was the order of the dajy; and it had seemed to him that what lie had to do thdnceforth was to justi fy the brag. He must vindicate himself, and impress the sceptic.' If he had only known! "Well, now, T do hope you are all {T">ing to enjoy yourselves," cried lie, bustling about, "[f anybody wjmts anything, let me know. There are horSes in ilhe stables " "j\1iss Mortimer wants a cup oi' itea, fa ther." "Diere a:re music people coming: dowYi. You ran have concerts, dances. The hall room 'lloor lias been newly polished " "I think some ori'e is arriving, sir." "Bother him! Always interrupting when T'm telling them what' I'm djino; for- them," muttered Sir Joseph, testily. "I suppose I'm to hold mv tongue about all the trouble and worry and expanse. The whole house turn ed upside down for 'em-hut I must say nothing-oh, dear, no! Humph! Queer manners, I call that," annoyed with him self, nevertheless. But although, other communications -were nipped in tlhe hud, lie oould still ruminate. . "A plague on tlhat son of mine! He nei ther does 'ilhe civil himself, nor lets me do it. Lrook at 'him now! I sinmose tint grand, indifferent air goes down with people. They seem to put up wi'th at, any way; but -when I. was fivc-andrtwenl-y years of age, would I have been, cocked up on the 'sofa beside ah old woman, when I might: (have been talking to her pretty daughter? Such fine girls too! And all tarred with the same brush! "Any one of '.em mnv he Mrs. Noel H'azell witfli my consent and.bles sing. Aud 'he'll not go near them, con found hint! Well,, well, its early flays yet: and- we have the whole -\ve;k before us," recovering somewhat. "ITe can't escape. T ti'on't believe he can escape in the long run," chuckled Sir Joseph finally. By-aiidJbve, .when the scene, was over, jrn.rl every one dispersed, he encountered Noel, and stopper] witi'i rather a wistful, glance into his son's face. "Get together, a iolly Christmas party, i iliaven't we? Eh? Just Iherigh't Sort of people. Inclined to be merry and 'have a good 1,'inie? Eh?" "I daresav. FIT." indifferently. "Daresay?" echoed Sir Joseph. But Ciia swallowed a pettish rejoinder in his throat, and proceeded-"Is there:anything wanted? Anything elfe we can d'o for *them?" "Olh, nothing, I should say. Nothing in. the.world." A f-hort laugh, which jarred unnleasan'tly on the car. "Well, cried the father, impatient'lv. "Well?" "If you are content, sir, it is all light. It is nothing to me. These are not.my friends"-a pause-"for which heaven he thanked," subjoined the young man, with deliberate lemnhasis. "I was told you had arranged a Christmas party ." "So we have. What d'ye mea^,? A jolly Christmas party." "Wit'hout a Christmas (heart among them. Oh, they are all ready enough to eat and drink," contemptuously, "and they will be dizzen themselves out, and " "They are ®ot children; if you mean that?" "Not -children? No, indeed. Not much of the dhdld lefti. My dear sir," suddenly burst forth the young man, "whatever induc ed you to inflict upon-us this crew of Lon don-bred, "world-bred people? They" are well enough, presumably, at other times, but there is something about Christmas-it Shas always seemed to ine such a simple, natural, happy, merry season. You are sur prised, I see. And. you and my mother are vexed because I can't make-believe to be lively and dieerful, when in my heart I am saving, 'How ever are tlhe days to be drag ged Itlhrough?' 1*31 tell the truth-I Ibaldl hoped for sometJhing different. I itlhought you would have had a different kind o'f ga thering beneath your roof." "If I (had known that, Noel. But these are the very pick of 'tjhe people Ave know." "Are they? You see I nave been so long away from you." ^ "Rusticating down here, instead of talc ing advan tage of a good town'house 6ml pleasarffc-society." # ? ??' ' 1 "If this be a specimen of it It was perhaps well for both speakers that a door opened at iSiit trioment, and >t|hey were obliged to separate. Both had tempers. "And die really is an annoying fellow," «iid Sir Joseph to himself, lighting with his At iff collar and diamond stud, "to set (himself against the Whole set. Not that I ani altogether keen on one or Iwo of them 9 J . . i- 1 .mysdf, but I thought] Nod would be. And the names read so confoundedly well in iine paper; and lie go .fastidious. But his cud fat/her is always in 'flhe wrong, Heigho!' ?with a sigh.. His . disappointment was very real and genuine. . # : In the evening, however, Ihe jrevived^ he. could not' look round on Sua blazing saloons, all glitter and grandeur, and presenting at least a fair show o£ geniality amdsocia bilitj^.witlioutasecret'liope that his only son migihit yet come round ibo his way of think ing. Noel "was taJking 'to Miss Violet Mor timer now, and Miss Violet would do very well. Migihit it not Ibaye been that two months' seclusion in a country neighbour Jkood-Noel had been, by himself at the flail, pheasant shooting, since October tod jpesuilifced in a fit of boorish shyness, a shrinking from social intercourse, espe cially wi'ttti tihe fair sex? . Very likely-very likely. The less said about it the better, then. Once more Sir Joseph straddled on the 3ieai^5hrug, breathing importance, and he was still engaged an eveing complaeeptly the distant couple, when an elderly friend accosted ihim. "Those Haze]Is I used to lenow-tihejr are relations of yours, you say?" . .. "A. collateral biuncli of the family, Colonel.", "Live about here, don't they?" "In tho neighbourhood-yes. Not very I far off, neither, not as -the crow flies- "&t; ithe roads are bad: and the fact is, oon>] ! dentiallly, "we don't«0e much of 'cm, Very good sort of folks, you know, but not our | style." -and. Hie speaker looked pompously round. His interrogator asked no more. Some one else, howrevcr, put in' a word on the subject, presently. ?? * ? ''You ai'e not asking the Dick Hazells to anything, then?" said Noel, comingupfco his 1 father, just before the party separated. If jou were thinking of doing so--?' ^ "But we're not. I told you so before. "I fancied you might -have thought ? better of it." , _ "Thought better of H? Why plioufd I think better of it? Your mobile,v and" 1 talked t)he Dicks over, and came to the same conclusion. Ihey would not do. Thev woiil-1 not be in place among 1h<re people. The girls would.n t have dresses " . , "Inderd, sir, they are very good drosses.." ",t, "How do you know? W lien have you senn llieip ?" quickly. "Oh, I have seen them. I go there, of ronrye. As a relation. And you forgot how ionsr I have been here all a3one." "No need fo.r you to haw Imcti aloTic. S told ycu to ask whom you liked.. However, sin.oo you know the Cottage awd its people so well, yon know, I do, that they would iint he ait home with our presort guests. Thrv a .to not-not-I don't say thev fwe not ladies and peiHlemen, I don't say' th^'t but you must Pee for yourself.' . looking round, "that these are-are Ijondon fash ioruhlp?., flnid " '' A 7it1 oij v coik!)i'<\--" "They are not 'coiismvs'.' they are only a coTV< tera'l branch of tOie family." "All right, sir; T. was inn-clv "o'ri"; to suv that T nuite ajriee with you. There wonhl he 'little en-oupih in ovn.nion between our Christinas mrty and " "And theirs!" fried Rir Jo»f.ph, srorn fullv. "Fo T «hould imagine. Not nuwvi of a 'paitv' thsy can have, poor devils. It wjiI take all they can do to rack in their own selves; with their hoys all back from school, and tho girls grown. up now and wianl-ing 'rooms to 'themselves." "I saw them yesterday," said Noel, hesi tating. , ,, " . , "Ay? Well? I hope they're well, said Pir Joseph, yawning. fw it'was bedtime, end he wa.s ready for his bed. "T. will take n turn that Way and look in one of the*e days. As soon an we arc a-.o-ne P-pia-in. and have'time. They didn't siv nnvlhin-r about comiitiflt up Ticro, did. 'they?" villi siiddeii ap prtfiien^ion. ''Nothing." "You think ve are safe from an inva sion?" ' "Oijito safe." - ,, "J don't want to hurt them, von know. Cognisant of a certain dryness in the nega tive. the haronet idaved with his wfl'tch chain. "One should lie careful w'Mi poor relations-although they are hardly rcla J; ^ .« "Onlv 'a colMe"*l hvnneh.' To he. sure. "To he snr^." Pir Josenh heard nothing this t.irie. The phrase was his own, and d-ar to his hrnrt. "«nt the f-i^t i?, w^»'talk ed it over, voui' mother and T. and I said to her, or Vhe to me, T can't remember whir.h-that w<* had better just let the 'Dicks' alone till we were by ourselves n<rn"m. Wc can have +,hem un then if von like." Rut !"'« son had moved away 'And iust a'? well." reflected the ^no.iker. "for if Noel had lint-hove'' me''-and he did not monn to he hollared. It was the afternoon of the following dav. ' , . " "T dnn't know how von feel about it, s«kI "Niks Viivlet' Mortimer, drawing hoc 1 chair closer to the front of the fire,-and jookinc discontentedly round at ihe other pi vis. "but Christ ni as Day to me is the deadliest-, iii whole year. And in a ! ?honse like this!" "Church in the mormn"-and ox^ yon ever hear ?nnvtlunsr like that cho''-''" A j second speaker wearily assented. Then a J walk! A walk 'to see skaters! Not that we could see them-for thev were all at the other end of the lake-but we, had to shiver on tho bank, and get our feet wet and "YVm poor martyrs!" T srot out of it all liv a hannv headache. T?v^ T nun t know if T rfiould not have done bolter toco. One gets so frowsy stufTin? indoors all dav. However, it will, he teatime kooii, thanl? Their voieps sank a little. "T ^av.^Mu rJel-it's rather too bad, isn't it? Not a so"l to talk to." Muriel nodded. "Onlv Noel, and-" "And he won't 'talk to us. "The airs h* gives himself! "I should not mind his airs, but he has literally vanished." - "Since 2 o clock. Gone skating, they Sa^T call it a 'do!' Why did you let us In for it. "Vi?. You. said it would- be all "^?But5!didn't know. I had no Idea that Christmas in the country would he so ut terlv stale." , . "Wiat aVe the men doing?" "R illifirds.!* "And .:^oni'e of -fliem are asleen." ridded Violet, laughing. "And any way they don'* come'near us. Sir Josenh Says we are to dance: but who on earth are we to dance : with'?" . t "Some neople are coming to-morrow cvdn intr. vau 1,-now-" , T 'To-morroW? - Oh, yes, to-morrow. I daresay to-morrow will be well enouarh. It is to-day-this horribly long, dull, monoton oua Ohrisitmas T)ar " _ , " "You can't hate it worse than I do," said Muriel, shortly. Gradually the sun declined, and the young orescent moon stole up into the sky. | /Hey, here's weather for you/' exclaimed ! Sir Joseph, bustling in;- "Look yonder, youngladies! Look what a picture!. Christ mas Day and a sky like that!" -Its rosy tints were being merged in a'blue ao pale it Was nearly grgen. .'Eyery moment a fresh, twinkling star came into view. The frosty landscape glittered white below. "Just look!", urged Sir Joseph. ? They obeyed with lack-ludtre eyes. -He could not stir a glimmer of enthusiasm within a single breast. ? s "The post has come in," said Lady Hazell, entering, and distributing a few letters;- "but it does not seem to have brought much for anybody. Here are some papers for you, Sir Joseph." 'At any rate,-ybu enjoy a blessed immu nity from-Christmas cards," simpered Vio let Mortimer. "Oh, Christmas cards!" All laughed. "What? Don't you like 'em?" said Sir Joseph, bltfhtly. ("Good Lord! they are Eicksouie!" quoth he to himself.) He had een near to sending soirife round on his own account, and thanked his stars now that the thought; had been conceived too late 'to be carried out. "I am afraid "the whole affair is dragging a bit, though," he reflected. "Is there any thing I can ao to throw life into it?" He oould tihink of nothing. And his guests could think of nothing for themselves. They were sated witih the only kind of pleasure .they could comprehend, and everything else was a bore, a-fag, a nuisance. The well meaning efforts of their host were ao many tiresome occasions for i-eiteratdng content ment, with which each weary, vacant coun tenance but ill accorded. "I must say when I was young, lads and lasses were ol' another mould," confided Sir Joseph to his wife, dressing-time having brought the pair at length together and in private. "My word! How we used to jump about, and laugh till the roof rang again! And what jokes and pranks we 'played! Christmas was the grandest time-a perfect carnival. But mow!" and he sighed dole fully. "I looked in at Jack Woodman's hut as I crossed 'the park just-now," said lie, "and 'tiliere was the nicest little dinner all set on the table, tilie good wife dressed out in her best, arid some boys .and girls-' "Now, my dear, if you talk 1 shall never be down in time." But Lady Hazel] had (her own reasons for cutting short the con fidence. She, too, was beginning to sicken of 'Ikt guests, and it woula never do if both cif them did-to say .nothing of Noel. And, oh dear, what was this? On her way downstairs a slip of pai>er was put'into "LAURA, YOU CAX'T MEAN.IT?" her hand, scribbled over in 'her son's hand wiling-"J can't" stand any more of <thi» to-day. Make some excuse for my not; turn ip up at darner. ? 1'Jl-ido my best to-mor row." "Mr. Noel lias pone to bis room, my lady," appendc-d tlie messenger, standing by.. '"Is he ill. Harrison?" But Uarrison coughed discreetly behind his hand for answer. . It was her .ladyship 'herself who was f? tell tlie lie, and she did it badly enough. For to be sure, what could she say? Noel was probably snug and comfortable enougn within his own domain, while leaving her to 'run the gauntlet of suspicious eyes and affected sympathy. "He's not il'," muttered Miss Mortimer, aside; "lie's as jolly as possible, I'll answei for him; eating and drinking and smoking, over a l'Vench novel. ] wish I were too." No one was taken in by poor Lady Ila zell's fecblp apology. But no one knew, or .suspected, or dreamed of the real state .of the ease. Let ns shift the Fcene. Away goes the great house, with its so lemn feasting and lugub/Tous festivity- its lights are many without, but as for th& light hearts within, thev are few and scarce -away it goes, and we enter, oh with what a sense of relief and burst of freedom, ano ther atmosphere. From earliest <lawn-before the dawn broke, for that matter-King Christmas had reigned sole monarch of all lie surveyed, in a certain humble dwelling, belonging t'» the "collateral branch"' of the Ilazell family. While yet darkness wae over the land, candles had been lit, and the contents of inflated and distended .stockings of every sort and size brought forth, amidst shouts, and screams. A thundering of smail feet had been "heard upon the floor. "When would the older people wake? And when they did wake, the wonder whs tlft^t they ever got dressed and got down stairs; what with 'the .onset of the troops from rbnve, the singing of carols, tiie show ing of presents, and the hinting at presents vet to come. What a breakfast-table it was which fol lowed! You could "scarcely see the break fast for the paper parcels. As for the cards which . the last night's post had brought, when there was literally 110 deli .very at the Hall, they covered a side-table all to themselves. . "And .Jenny jooked at hers when we were at prayers!" piped a small voice, "for I sa^v her." 'But Jenny was. only five, while the informer was seven; so, as it was Christ mas Day, mamma, who did not wish to let them see she was laughing, made a gooiY . deal of its being Christmas Day, and kissed both the delinquents alike. Sister Laura, too, suddenly caught up little Jenny in <her arms, and whirled her round and round. Laura had found some thing in lier Olirislmas budget that had made flier eves shine and her cheeks bright. All through the day Laura'went about singing. That "was nothing; they were all singing. The "Herald Angels" woke up by fits and starts all over the hou.s'e, find even reappeared on the ice, when Robbie, ivlio was the first to get on his skatea. started off shouting it forth, all innocent of any irreverence. But Laura's singing was of another sort, and she smiled to herself as fche sang. . She. was one of Wie skaters, of course. Not'an inmate of bhe C'otitage was missing that; afternoon from the ringing surface of ' the lake. We cannot; pause to dilate on ] t'iie scene there-on 't'he 'fun and the frny, ! the"bustle, the din, the shouting, the flying.1 ihither and thitiher, the warnings to Uie bold and encouragements to the timid, but must Wist en home with the merrv party beneath the starry heaVens-for they had a fire by the lakeside, - and boiled their kettle there, with tea lor every one who wanted it, so th^t it was Hate before the trudge (hbine began-.we inutffc hurry back to jfche fetrtial little house, one mass of ever* 'greenr from top to toe, to be in; time foe. we Christinas dinner*' " Thie talble has been elongated till ifc reaches from one end of Uhe dining- room to the other. As they pass tbe iviafow heads &ve; turned, and eyes sparkle afresh at what they see there. Sudh a talble! One Christ mas-box in particular lias contributed dairf ties of-an order so -luscious that even Sir Josenlh has no bettier 011 his table. And tJhie crackers! And the beautiful brilliant hot house flmvera! Where'did the latter come from, by-the way? Laura arranged;'them, and Laura has an exquisite little bunch reserved for (her own wear-but she says nothing about this Chris tjmas gift.. ' It is past"6 o'clock, and tfhey are to dine at 7, because of the little ones. Up at the Hall the great folks are still dawdling drearily in the lower rooms, but the Cot tage is in a ferment, and there are shouts from open idoors of I say, do come here," or '"Who's taken this or that?" wfoiile every, now and then a sinall white figure races across the landing, as Jenny or Lucy flies on an errand (for others nqt so far forward as themselves. Laura cannot fix her rose-coloured top knot in her dark hair; Maud has lost her locket. Frightful disasters alternate with wonderful and unheard-of recoveries. Through it Jill there is a steady odour of turkey and frizzling sausages. In a small house one,cannot keep out of the small of a large turkey. "And a twenty- pounder, tfoo," cries Richard, who 'had helped to carry it home. , "Father's turkey is always the biggest in the office, 'cause they know, there are a lot of us," 'he adds, triumph antly. But, though -tiliere are so many of them, they are adding anot'lier place at} the Christ- . mas .dinner-table, and for whom do you think? ' "You can't turn me out, Cousin Dick, You said I might come, and I have come. Here am I 1 could not do otherwise-as somebody eai'l once." And it is the tail figure and frank, kindly face so often seen of late at the Cottage, which now appears in the doorway among the festoons of green. Noel Hazel] as not (handsome, but some how 110 one ever thinks about that. He is aiways wdlconie; welcome wherever he goes. Only Laura knew that Noel was coming. He had parted from her on -the ice an hour before, and something 'had, indeed, beea said; but, taken to task, the master of Oh© house protests he does not know w'hat lie said. iStill, if Noel took it for an invita tion? And Noel declares he did. He glances furtively at) Laura as 5ie speaks; 'he notes that she wears a bunch of lilies-his lilies. There are but few even in his father's houses, but he filched these with his own hands. lie looks around him on the.^glowing faces, and-you would not know Noel. First and foremost in every jest is he; every speaker appeals to him; ire applauds promiscuously, he iJnughs at nothing. Ali through the simple dinner- simple but plen tiful-the ball is kept rolling; but it is wi.lh the desseit, with the crackers and the mot toes, and the caps of motley shape a!nd hue that pop on to every head up ana down the ranks, that ilia real fun of the fair sets in. Noel looks meaningly at Laura as he hands 'her one. 'She tries not to blush, but her fair, smooth skin plays a treacherous part. Laura has never looked prettier ia her life. (She has thought of a new game for the evening. Oh, they wild have 'the eld games first, of course-for little Jenny is looking almost tearful at*, the idea of no "Blind Man's I'.vift'" or "Up Jenkins"-but there will he time for all. Jenny is quite reconciled, and whispers to her' next neighbour, glUncing roguislilly the while at Noel, who is a favourite, and towards whom the tiny coquette is already directing her attentions. He hears Ur? whis per; it is something about Ij-aura; he laughs nodding an emphatic assent. Ife and Jenny understand each other-but there is no need to take any one dlse into confi dence. So the person in question may hope that biush number two lias passed unseen. There is one bottle of champagne, and ona toast which never fails to be drunk year- by year at the Christmas feast in this House." "Dick Hazell and his wife have large, loving hearts, and ithey are not so wrapped up in themselves and their own concerns as to forget other hearths and homes; so up rises the host, rapping on the table for silence, and every eye is fixed upon him as he holds aloft his glass with his " M)sent friends and present company," which is cchocd by every lip, and rounded oft' by a "Whoop" from Bflbbie, itlie irre pressible. It is "a mercy Robbie does not start the "Herald Angels" on the spot. But Noel has murmured something; into Lama's car: "May the present company al ways be my present company!" And, com monplace as the words are, they are uttered with so much meaning, with such a deep throb of earnestness and significance, that ahe involuntarily starts from her seat, and -happy thought- the whole table starts up also, mistaking her action for a signal. Only Laura's mother knows that she gave ho signal, and Noel knows so, too. "Laura, you can't mean it?" "I do-I do mean it. Oh, Noel, oh, don t be angry with me; don't be cruel to me." "It is you who are cruel to me." The two jire alone .within the little sha dowed halil, hidden among the greenery. They have been sent out in due turn, while a guessing game is in process of concoction, and are now awaiting a summons, which may come at any moment. But they have lwp'n out before, and something has been said which, left unfinished, burns in their bosoms. Now for its completion. Not a moment must be wasted. It is "Laura, my darling, did you not understand yie?; I askei] yoy lo.be my wife, and "And you told ine tfliat your father--" "My father 'has nothing to do with it, I am'my own master. You knew I came here to-nig!ht unknown to him. And you did not turn me away." "We could not. How could we? It waa not for us to-if you chose to come, and . But this is different]. Your father "Ay, your father," said Sir Joseph Hazell, stepping out in front of the pair. "Your father, young man! And you look as it he were a ghost! Well you may." "Good God, sir! Father! But what where? The water is pouring off you!" cried Noel, recovering from his confusion: beneath a sudden rfhout of amazement and consternation. "M,v dear father, where have you been?" seizing and dragging for ward to view a dripping figure, almost UIL« recognisable. "In the lake," Fai(l Sir Joseph, solemnly. "Looking for you." , , "Looking for me? Looking for me in tn<i lake!" But the young man would not smile. ! "Xevcr mind, never mind," he cried. im» | pctuonslv, "we'll hear about, it afterwards, I Hi, Kichard, Bobbie," dashing into the ' dm wing-room. "Quick-some hot whisky ind water. Hern's a half-drownetf men. Oh Laura, vou have got it already?" For fbe had vanided sad returned even a* he jnoke. A hot jug sbrajmng up into wbs on -Ae kitchen fire.. It .was fortunate/' fiaid she, i» ® low, calm V0"N<w, drink-drink/' cried 2JpeI, tumb ll!"i 'have*to^aslt^our pardon," began Sir Joseph, addteefiing^e .with a weak,- trembling effort to be mm self, "but my eon was missing '.Oh, never mind.-never mono.-tliaWil keep." Noel -was now tugging at the heavy, eoaked overcoat with .bo'tih toands. Hold than), father,^we'll (have you all rightm a minute. Cousin Dick, can you lend nun^a change? Or, ehould be cot" between ? taie blankets? My dear father! My poor <^d dad!" There was no mistaking the genuine -ring of affection and distress, and . 'wie next minute an arm ws round *he old mans 11 Poor Sir Joseph-he could neverj?hink of .it afterwards witibtout shame-fairly burst out crying, and cried till he shook again. For lie had had a narrow escape, and TO frightened to death. «."£-i missed my footing, he_munnurea. "I got into the place "Where the ice was broken for the ducks " '?'AM right, all right," said Noel, pairing (him on ihe back, as if he had been a child. "Take an arm, father, or eliall we carry you upstairs? The boys and I can do it easily. No, no; don't speak. You can tell us about it presently." " , , » _ "I little thought to find you here, mur mured Sir Joseph, with a feeble struggle for rebuke in his tones. "A blessing I was here." There was no thing but whole-souled contentment and cheerfulness in the reply. "®ut they would have taken you in anyway. Now, when, sir, rt'he staiircase is short," mounting up, one tit a. time. "Hullo, hores Cousin i)ick with a pile of garments. Now, coine in front of the fire, and let me-setting to work on the instant. "You would-would have been sorry for me, Noel?" . - , .. . T. "Sorry, sir? I am simply horrified, it was an awful thing to happen. And that 1 should have been the cause! ?.y0u see, I took fright when I went to your room, and found--" . , "Put your feet in the ^ hot water, lugiil in. It won't scald them." . "Then 'Harrison thought you might be skating by moonlight." " "And now let me give your head a rub. "1 thought it was hardily fair of you, Noel -but gently, my dear boy, gently. ior his head was being nearly rubbed oft. "Now I'll dry your fe*.<, and put on these warm socks," said Noel, kneeling down. "And I could not sleep till I made sure .you were ail right," concluded Sir Joseph, hold ing out a foot, and thinking how comfort able it all was, as a delicious warmth again elole thrugh his benumbed extremitaes. There was a «ap at the door "Am I to come in ?" . "Come in, Cousin Dick, said >oel, cheerily; but Sir Joseph merely held out a hand, which in his heart he termed an olive branch. It was nearly midnight. "The boys and girls aie still below/ said their father. "We let them stay up on Christmas night: and my Dick or Rob, or both togther, will Itrot vreer to the Haiti for a close carriage, if you approve, Sir Joseph. The lads are delighted to be of use, and I doubt not they can knock up some one in the stables." "But I-I don't want to go just yeft, said Sir Joseph. Then he rose, still holding his cousin's hand. "Dick, will you leave me and my son together for a few moments. We will join you directly, and stay with, you for a little, if we may. liut^we have a word to cay to each other first.' The door quietly opened and shut. "Noel," said Sir Joseph, "I know all." "I know all," continued he, understand ing full well the silence which followed "And I forgive all. Listen. When I pulled myself together, and found I was safe and Ho;;nd, though soaked after my ducking, 1 made for this house as the nearest; also, l knew the kind of people Dick Hazell and liis wife were. I saw the Cottage full of light and life as I approached it, and wet and cold and miserable as I was, I could not hut pause a moment to look in, as 1 passed the window-the blinds were up-ort my way to th'e door. I saw a party-a merry, joyous party-such a party as in my heart 1 know CM. Chiistmajs loves- every face happy, kind, good-and you, my son, in the midst of it! I saw your face, and 1 understood. Then I crept arournd. I was in the hall, numb and f.hivering, but I could not interrupt vou then. You had your arm round a lovely girl-yes, my eyes were not so blind but 1 could see Laura ivas a lovely girl, and loved yon as-you love her. Bub she was saying 'Your father!' 'tlio old man's lips trembled. "She thought of me, though you did not, Noeil." "Indeed-indeed she did." "And vou were angry with her, and told her I ihaxl 'noithing .to do with it,' and you were your own master!' "Sir, it is all the world to inc." "You have played me a scurvy track," «rid Sir Joseph, "solemnly. "If you allow thai ?" . He was ready to allow anything. "Noel," said Sir* Joseph^ presently, "I am ready to go down, now." Never in his life had he thought any room looked eo pleasant as that to which he then descended. The fire had been built up afresh; the moon, albeit but a silver horn, streamed in from without; chairs and tables iia.il been rearranged. and all were waiting expectant-ftll but I>auito, who was nowhere* to be seen. "I think," said Sir Josteph, looking round, "there is some one absent. "Suppose, and he-walked up to'the parentis, who stood side by side, with somwhat palpitating hearts, ''suppose Noel toes to seek her, and 'tell her he comes with his father's consent?" And' the next ydir there was BUterh a Christ mas party at the 'Ha-ll! And the host, sljdy poking in the ribs some one who was the life and soul of it all, whispered, "You won't desert us this evening as you did last Christmas Day, young man, I take at? j; "I should have nowhere to go to it I did, retorted Noel, beaming on his beautiful young wife. , For ithe Cottage was deserted, and the "collateral branch" of the Hazell family liavine once more become fused in the pa rent stem, there were such revels!-hut we can imagine them all. 