The Storyteller. The Heart of a Hero. CHAPTER VI. Maurice pieced all this together over a cigar, and be was not long in arriving at the conclusion that the powerfully-built dark man in the dog-cart, with whom he had entered into conversation concerning Wythinge Castle, was the scientific young Scotchman of whom Mr Sleethorpe had spoken, but whose name the poet had neglected to mention. This deduction imparted a feeling of distinct uneasiness to Maurice's mind. Something about the man, whose face he had seen but very indistinctly—although the man had taken stock of him with considerable minuteness by the aid of the carriage-lantern—had impressed him very strongly. In the man's slow composed manner and hard deliberate voice there lurked a suggestion of power, whether of intellect or of will it was hard to define, but which it was impossible to ignore. A hard-headed Scotch scholar who had written a book against women was not at all likely, Maurice tried to argue, readily to fall in love. But Olivia was sufficiently fascinating to turn the head of the veriest dry-as dust,' he decided; and it was in a most perturbed frame of mind that Maurice eventually entered the drawing-room, intent upon learning more concerning his possible rival. The two Misses Cole, pretty, slender, colorless young English girls, were assiduously playing a dull classical duet on the piano. Near them was their mother, an excellent country vicar's wife, with few ideas and many prejudices. During her periodical visits to the house of her sister-in-law, in charge of her daughters, this worthy woman was torn between the wish to render her girls attractive to the marriageable men and her dread lest they should become in the least 'fast,' or lest they should hear any conversation not exactly suitable to the nursery and schoolroom. The girls themselves were gentle in manner, well-bred, and exceptionally simple ; but they were also vain, silly, shy and conceited and their training further disqualified them from holding their own with such women as Ivy, Van der Butter, Lady John Wrayburn, or Mrs Devenix. Mrs Godfrey, a very tall, finely proportioned, and, still handsome woman of fifty-five, sat in a low arm-chair near the fire, laughing good-humoredly at the sallies of little Mr Sleethorpe, who, entirely in his element, sat on a sofa opposite, the centre of a group of pretty and attractive women. There was not a woman in the room who could have eclipsed Laura Godfrey in her youth. Sir Ralph's sister had been a great beauty, and a great coquette withal. Season after season she had flirted and enjoyed herself under the wing of some relatives, who had profited by the girl's beauty in making their way in very smart society. A prince had declared her to be the handsomest girl in London; and as the daughter of a baronet ot good family, it was at least expected that she would ' marry a title.' At twenty eight years of age, handsome as ever and even more attractive, Miss Laura Fitzbernard had wedded Mr Godfrey, a well-known banker and she had made him an excellent wife, filling her position at his London house and at his country seat with equal geniality and grace. Eight years ago however Mr Godfrey had died, and his widow, after a period of sincere mourning, bad settled down to a life of social enjoyment without him. 'I never mean to marry again,' she had said. ' I am too old to be married for anything but my money, and so I'll give the young ones a chance. Besides, I find my boy Cuthbert quite responsibility enough, without the care of a husband as well.' It was rumored that the poet Sleethorpe had frequently proposed to the still handsome widow, and it was certain that Heremon O Hara, Lady John Wrayburn's brother, a handsome young Irish scapegrace, had on more than one occasion tried to patch up his broken fortunes by proposing to Mrs Godfrey. But Mrs Godfrey laughed at all offers of marriage, and good-naturedly invited her suitors and their female relatives, to her dinners in town and her house-parties in the country. 'I can't marry you,' she would say, ' but I can invite you to dinner.' And so Mrs Godfrey, with her thousands, remained a widow, and was one of the most popular women in London. 'To-morrow,' the poet was saying as Maurice entered the room, ' we shall all be satisfied. Cuthbert and I, and Fitzbernard and his father, and Hayley, and O'Hara, and your husband, Mrs Devenix, if you will let him, are all going in search of the most beautiful girl, witih the exception of the present company, whom the world has ever produced. Nothing is known of her but that she has blue eyes and yellow hair and a smart hat, and has been seen by Cuthbert in a dog-cart in the neighbourhood of Wythinge. Unless Fitzbernard here can tell us any more ? He has been to Wyrhinge this afternoon, but is very close about his adventures there.' 'Who? I? What in the world do you mean ?' 'I mean,' said the little poet, while all eyes were turned interestedly upon Maurice, ' that from a certain romantic abstraction about you, I am strongly inclined to believe that you too have been bewitched by the fair lady of Wyhinge.' ' Who is this fair lady?' Lady John Wrayburn inquired rather crossly. 'Lady Jack,' or ' Tiny,' as her friends called her, was a lovely little Irish widow, whose great melting brown eyes, elaborately 'made up' round the lids and lashes, contrasted strongly with her brilliant red-gold hair and rose-pink skin. Her toilets were as striking as her face, and this evening, in an exquisite dinner-dress of creamy-white chiffon and lace, caught here and there about the corsage wiih diamond brooches, she looked, at a little disance and by artificial light, a fairy of eighteen. ' Is it a joke between you two men?' she asked a little impatiently. ' Or do you really know a miracle of beauty at Wythinge, or whatever you call the place ?' 'Mr Sleethorpe sees everything with a poet's exaggerating eye, you know,' observed Mrs Devenix, a tall, statuesque, and most beautiful brunette. 'I dare say it's only some horrid blowsy-looking village girl they're all raving about.' 'Now, Bertie, speak up for your Venus in a smart hat!' cried the poet to Cuthbert, who just then approached the party on the sofa. 'Mrs Devenix is casting doubts upon your eye for beauty. She declared the girl must have been a fright. You wrong him Devenix. On my word she was extraordinarily pretty! There couldn't be two opinions about that.' protested Cuthbert, evidently annoyed at the aspersion on his judgment. ' And did you see this Venus in a smart hat at Wythinge, Mr Fitzbernard ?' inquired Ivy Van der Rutter. 'No, Miss Van der Rutter. I saw no Venus in a smart hat.' ' Without a smart hat, then ? Did you see a Venus at all? There was a slight pause. Then Maurice spoke with sold coldness. 'I saw an extremely pretty girl to-day, certainly.' ' Ah!' ' But as she was a lady,' Maurice added quickly, flushing under his sunburn, 'I certainly should not have thought of talking about her in that sort of way.' ' What a pity he's such a prig,' Lady Jack murmured to her friend Mrs. Devenix. 'But heroes so often are.' The poet broke into chuckling laughter. ' We've drawn Fitzbernard at last,' he cried in triumph as Maurice crossed to the piano and affected an interest in the duet I the Misses Cole were playing. ' Well, there's a great deal of fuss about nothing, it seems to me!' interposed the cheerful voice of Mrs. Godfrey. ' Cuthbert and Maurice have seen a pretty girl at Wythinge, or two pretty girls; but that isn't enough to take all of us there to-morrow.' 'But Wythinge is a prodigiously interesting place, my dear Mrs. Godfrey,' exclaimed Mr. Sleethorpe. There is a haunted castle a thousand years old on a cliff over the marshes ' ' A haunted castle ?'cried Ivy Van der Ratter, clasping her hands. " How just too lovely, Mrs. Godfrey, do lot us all go there.' 'The ghost won't be seen by daylight, my dear, even if there is a ghost,' said the hostess. 'I've seen the place from a distance, and I believe, to antiquarians, it is very interesting. But it is not nearly so pretty a drive as Saltingburn; and Saltingburn Castle is historical, and— ' It's all arranged, mother, and we're going to drive over to Wythinge to- morrow, put in Cuthbert. He knew quite well that his mother dreaded beyond measure a fresh love-entanglement for him. But he had been very strongly impressed indeed even by the fleeting glimpse he had caught of the blue eyes and yellow hair of the girl in the dog-cart, and had fully made up his mind to follow up the discovery. An additional incentive had been given him in the intelligence that his cousin Maurice had in all probability seen and admired the same girl. Cuthbert's affections, which, though fickle, were violent, were at present to let, as he himself put it. He was in the humour to fall in love, and wanted only a suitable object. The idea of entering into any sort of rivalry with his cousin Maurice pleased him. He was fond of Maurice, in his idle selfish way ; but, in his secret heart, he was jealous of his cousin's superior health, physique, and of the glory he had of late achieved. Cuthbert had been a good deal attracted by the little American, Ivy Van der Ratter, on her first arrival at his mother's house ; and her marked preference for Maurice had piqued and angered him. He would be even with his cousin over the yellow-haired girl, he told himself. In his own opinion, he was far handsomer than Maurice, although, by reason of his lazy self-indulgent life, he was greatly Maurice's inferior in physical strength. He considered himself too an adept at love-making, an art in which Maurice did not profess to excel; and, as a suitor, there was no questioning his pecuniary superiority over his distinguished cousin. ' Love and war aren't the same things, my boy,' he took the opportunity to observe to Maurice, as the two stood together, a little apart from the rest, in the billiard-room later in the evening. 'You may be very lucky as a fighter against blacks, but as a lover you've got to win your spurs.' ' You may be thought very witty among the class of people you like best to associate with,' retorted Maurice, looking at his cousin with an unpleasant gleam in his blue eyes, ' but to me you appear stupidly offensive.' Cuthbert burst into a noisy laugh. ' You've got your back put up because we've found out all about your pretty girl at Wythinge,' he shouted. ' You are making an ass of yourself as usual, Bertie,' said Maurice coolly. ' As far as I know, I have never even seen the person you describe.' ' Well, we'll hunt her up tomorrow; and then we'll see which of us she likes better-—you, with your Victoria Cross, or me, with something pretty for her to wear— gold or glory.' ' You're not sober,' said Maurice turning on his heel in disgust. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 