THE NOVELIST. "THE STORY OF A CLAMOUR." CHAPTER II. ' Oh I slio'll bito you ; I know sho will I Sho always is nasty to strangers. Oh, (lo ir | what slinll I do I I can't put her down ; sho'il run after those cows again,' uttered m tones of much dejection nnd perplexity. 1 May I — allow me- ' suggested Harry, holding out her hand in bold dis regard of Dollie, and endeavouring to nssist the lady to mount tho stile. The latter mado an offort, to tho oxtremc discomfort of tho nearly throttled pup, .who felt her last hour had come, and gurglcsl piteousely. But tho dross was so tight, tho licois of tlio littlo boot poised on tho lower bar of tho obstacle so high ; to raiso tho foot any higher seemed almost impossible. But sho mado a violent effort, and then, with a wild glanco at Harry, tottered, overbalanced, and would liavo fallen backwards into tho brook ; but— Ho leant forward, caught lior round tho wuist with both ids arms, and, lifting hor, up bodily, landod her safely on tho top of tho stile. It was a delightful feeling, sho was so tiuy-so trim ; and sho stood there, looking down upon him with the sauciest twinkle in blue oyes — a twinklo that was con tagious. Another minute, and thoy both laughed out aloud, selfishly unconeious of Dollio's sufferings. ' Jump I' cried Harry. ' I'll catch you 1' And jump alio did. Ho felt a thrill run through him, a thrill of magnotisin, electricity, of I know not what thoy call it. ..But it only lasted for tho morest second. The moment sho was on tho terra iirma onco raoro the laughter vanished and Boll's mistress benamo preternaturally demure. Sho gavo Harry the gravest littlo bow in tho world. ' So many thanks,' sho murmured, and marched away with her pug up tho hill to the wood, without turning her head. ' I'll stay here till you'ro safe through the' gate,' ho called after her. 'They might pursuu you.' And feeling somehow tho least bit nettled, ho sat himself down upon tho top bar to the stile, so latoly graced by thoso littlo high heels, and consoled himself by following her with his eyes till she vanished in tho wood. Then ho sprang up, and brought his stick down on tho ground. Of course it's hor. Couldn't be anyono else. The mother was right; that sho was. Well, she might have been more civil ; she might have shaken hands, liavo asked ino to see hor homo — have — have — - Ah! but, of course, she didn't know who I was, though. I must go and call ; I ought to, indeed ; it will only be civil after this, you know. She has eyes,' he added, somewhat irrelovantly, gazing at the stile with a smile. CHAPTER|III. L.vtciiet Vicauaiie was by no means a well-ordered, comfortable abode like West- acre llcctory. The living, to begin with, was- a' poor one; nnd then, times were bid, rents had to bo reduced, and Mr. Chaylo was burdened with a lurge family, and no private means. Tho houso was reached by a cul-de- sac lane off the village street, which nlso led to tho church. The front gate badly needed a coat of paint, and tho drive was sorely in want of weeding, whilo tho ivy with which the front of the houso was covered would liavo been tho bcttr for clipping' But this was tho normal appearance of Latchct Vicarago from without, and but typified tho internal economy of the liouso, The Vicar was a weakly, ailing man, a scholar, who buried himself in his books, and allowed his parish and his famiy to run wild, though Bessie, tho only daughter, tried to keep things together as best sho might. But mi up-hill task it was. The eldest boy had been packed off to sea, and the next was at Westchester Grammar School, whence I10 returned ovory week from Saturday to Monday, to become the ringleader of his smaller brother's riotings. Tho houso was too small for such a largo family, and boasted but one sitting- room besides Mr. Chayle's sanctum. Tho sitting-room opened by a French window on to tho moss-grown, untidy gravel sweep. Harry Heslington turned from tho villago street, opened tho gato, aud walked up the drivo. But his approach had been viewed from afar by two young scamps concealed in tho laurols, and who wcro lying in wait for him. Harry found himself saluted by a deluge from a squirt, followed by a cat-call of victory which would liavo dnno justice to London streets oralis, and which was succeeded by the rotront of tho aggressors, seeking safety in flight. Disdaining to pursue thorn, Harry mopped bis face and coat, and walking up 'tlib drive, peeped in at tho open window. Tho room within looked doubly dull end shabby by contrast with tho glorious summor afternoon without. But, un mindful of what thoy wero missing, two women bent over tho dining-table, wrestling with scissors and piles of calico, cutting out clothes. One was an old servant; tho other, a tall slim girl of about twenty, whoso shabby old-fasliioned frock could not disguise tho willowy outlino of her figure. Sho raised herself wearily and pushed back the heavy brown hair from her forehead, tho large scissors still grasped in her hand, while her brows knitted anxiously. 'It's no uso, Susan I I don't see that we can got tho other pair of slcovcs out of what's left anyhow — try how wo may.' Thou Harry's shadow darkened tho window, aud sho looked up. Tho tired face— too gravo for its years— suddenly brightened up with a look of glad surprise which absolutely transfigured it, amF'tho large brown eyes, usually so soft and calm, flashed. "Oh, Harry, it's you I' But tho next moment sho had pulled herself 1 together, as if rcmemboring hor dutios. 'Put all this away for just now, Susan. And, pleaso, givo tho boys tlioir tea at five ; I'm going out for a turn.' Then sho sprang out of tho window with light stops, and met Harry with outstretched hands. ' ' I thought you wero not coming till to morrow 1' sho exclaimed, looking up, nnd meeting Harry's oyos, a world of under standing passing between them. Ha pqssed iiis arm round her, and drew her to him for a long kiss. ' I got away this morning,' ho replied, looking lovingly into the soft eyes. ' and I've lost no time in coming over, havo 1 1 Now, wlioro shall wo go for a nieo long talk 1 It's too hot to wnlk.' 'Shnll wo sit undor the walnut-tree V sho askod, lotting her head linger a little on his shoulder, as if it rested her. ' I'vo nothing to do till choir practice, at six ; hut after that I must go down the villago and sco Goody Blano, who's bad.' ' All right,' lie agreed, drawing hor arm in his. 'Tho walnut-tree it shall bo. but mind, Bess ; no knitting or monding now. You nro to take o holiday, and to do nothing but talk to mc,' ho added, with a selfishness Bcssio found irrosistiblo. ' Oh, Hnrry I you do always make mo so shockingly idle when you como over,' slio replied, witli a happy laugh. Undor tlio wnlnut-treo Harry flung himsolf down on tlio gaits at her foot, and, lighting a pipe, began pulling circles of smoke up into tho groon vault above in a most contented and iazy framo of mind. All was peaceful, with much song of birds among tlio branches, swelling in a tumultuous concert of tiny melody oro thoy went to roost. From across the meadows camo tho lowing of honieword- drivon kino ; from tho villago street tho shouts of children released from school. For a whilo tho lovers said but littlo. It was so delicious to bo together again. ' Well, Boss, and how liavo tilings boon going off lately I1 began Harry at length. ' You arc looking so thin,' iiu continued, gazing at her. ' I wisli you could have a real good holiday ; or, bettor still, an end of all this,' ho added, softly stroking lior head, which hung near him. Bcssio sighed, and hor faco clouded again. ' Father's fairly well, thank you,' sho replied. ' This weather suits him ; nnd we have good news of Dick, I'm glad to say, when he does write — whicli is not often. But oh I Hnrry, I can't keep tho bills down at all 1 They grow and grow every week, whilo tlio money to pay them grows loss. I verily believe 110 boys ever ate so much as ours do. They go to tho school now, which makes the houso nice and quiet for father, of course; but I must say I don't quite like their associating with tho villago boys, you know. George lias mado a groat clium of Ned Bryan at the ' King's Arms.' It's not nice, is it) but what is one to do 1' Hnrry puffed away in silence for a moment. 'Poor littlo Bess I I'm sure I don't quite know what to advise,' I10 murmured, stroking her hand again. ' And then Freddy— I always used to be ablo to manage Fred, you know ; lie's quito small, you see. But only think what ho did tho other day.' ' At Little Carston, do you mean 1' asked Harry, witli a smile, remembering his mother's account of tlio flower-show episode. 'Tat I tut I sighed Bessie ; 'I'm afraid that's all over tho country ; but it was Poter. Freddy I punished the other day by shutting him up in tho box-room. I thought him very quiet and taking it very well— for generally they seem as if they would kick tho door down — and then, what do you think I found he had boon up to?' ' Too wido a field to guess from, Bess,' laughed her lover. ' Well, he had got througii into the store cupboard, whore I had put away all the early pears — such a nice crop — and because ho found he could not possibly devour them nil in the time, he took a bite out of each, and they'vo all gone rotten ?' 'Tlio young demon 1' ejaculated Harry. ' I can't laugh over it,' sighed Bessio ; 'it makes mo too sad. I think of mother, and I feel, somehow, as if I wero nnswer- nblc, responsible, for all their naughtiness. But conic, Harry,' she continued ; ' toll mo about yourself ; that's a more cheerful subject for such a lovoly day. For it is a lovely day, isn't it. Or is it only your having turned up that makes 1110 think so ? For I havo not been out beforo ; I'vo been so buBy cutting out ail thoso horrid shirts.' ' Well,' began Harry, putting down his pipe, and, man-like, notiiing loth to talk about himself, ' wo'vo hud rather a jolly term, you know. I got up to tho 'Varsity match, and wo've had very good matches ourselves. Tho Head was very civil about my form's papers in the half- yearly exam. And, oil I listen, Bossic,' raising himself on his elbow, and looking enrnestly into tho sweet grave faco bent down to him. 'It's quite settled that old Peel, retires at Christinas. It really is! And, Bessie darling, you know what that means eh ?' But Bessie's brown eyes wero fixed on tho horizon, already blue witli tlio ovoning shadows, witli u far-off look. 'It means, Bessie, that I can get a small houso if I chooso. And oil I I do wish, Bessio,' ho added, pleadingly, ' that something elso could bo sattled too, eh, Bessie T At this moment there sounded a tro- mondons whoo-whoop, which rang all over the garden, and which was followed by a stampede, as of reloasod school-boys. Tho noxt minuto Mr. Chayle's querulous voico came from his study window — ' Bossic I Bcssio I Whero is Bossie ?' ' Hero, father,' sho cried, about tospring up ; but Harry laid a detaining hand on her. ' Keep the boys ;rom making such a noise near the houso, ploase. It disturbs me dreadtully,' remonstrated tho voico again. ' I'll go,' criod Harry. ' I'll suppress thorn. Bit down, Boss. And lie vanished in tlio direction of tho tumult, but soon returned. 'I've routed them,' ho laughed. 'Thoy took to their heels at sight of roe,' ho added, soaring himsolf 011 the bench by Bessie. Sho turned to him witli a sigh and shrug of her shoulders. You sco, Harry,' with a nod in the direction of tho house ; 'how can anything bo settled botween us wiiilo things aro ns they aro here ?' Harry found no roply, but ho took her hand again and strokad it soothingly, watching tho whilo tho smobe from his pipo ascond up among tho leaves. ' Oh, Bcssio I ho cried, 'I must toll you if an adventure I had cowing hero. 1 1 rescued sucli a pretty girl and her ngly pug from imprisonment by a herd of inquisitivo bullocks sho would insist 011 calling cows. I fancy she must bo tho sister of tho now tenant nt the Hall ; such blue eyes, such yollow hair I' ' Yes,' answered Bessio, coldly nnd involuntarily, and wouinn-like, withdraw ing tho hand ho held. ?Such yellow hair I That's Miss Viola Trentham.' ' What n pretty name. Viola I' musod Hnrry ; ' Shakespearian. I novcr met a Viola I Do you liko her 1' 'I hardly know her. Your mother likcB iicr immensely, nnd alio is certainly very protty, and drosses beautifully; but — t don't know — there's a something or othor ' ' How odd you women aro . about each othor,' broko in Hnrry ; 'nnd you, at your ago and with your experience, judging people, Bess. But Miss Trentham cer tainly is vory difforont from tho common run of Westsliire. And he smoked on awhile in silence, going over in his own mind tho scone on the stile. A rude interruption intervened. Up rushed tlireo or four boys, Potcr witli bleeding nose, Charley with a hunged- up oye. Thoy surrounded their sister for condolence nnd justice. 'Please, Bessie, Peter here called mo a 1 (interruption heroin the nnrrntive, caused by Harry's boxing tho narrator's ears). ' Hush, sir I How dnro you uso such a word before your sister?' Then Peter defiantly — 'Well, nil' if I did? Ned Bryan called mo the saino yesterday, and I just gavo him a jolly good — ' Hero followed a perfect chorus, describing the fray which had onsued, with a running commentary from tho oldest and the youngest boy. Fcaca being at length restored, and tho belligerents having been duly reproved, thoy. were sent off to wasli tlioir faces ana got ready for tea ; a much-needed performance. Then tho vicar called again — ' Bessie I Bessio I Where is Bessio ? vsuiiiu uiiu iicip uiv, mil juu i a »o iu.it/ the papor of notes I put in my ' Aristotle.' I can's find it anywhere ; and it's delay ing ma' Harry followed Bessie to assist in tlio soarch for tho missing paper, which in that littered study, whore no tidying hand was over permitted to penetrate, was liko looking for a needle in a bundle of hoy. When thoy wero released it was time for tea, always a stormy meal at Latchet, accompanied by much unpleasant display of youthful gluttony. Then it was time for choir practice. No inoro quiet talk for Harry and Bessie. Ho accompanied hor to the porch, and saw her vanish out of tlio summer sunlight into tho gloomy littlo I building, and then turned homewards himself. Somehow the walk back did not seem so pleasant as the walk to Latchet had been. The sun was sinking low behind Westacro Great Wood, casting long shadows across tlio park. The rooks, in long procession, came cawing homownrds to tho ' immemorial elms' in the avenue There was a touch of chill about the evening breeze, and in tho east dark grey clouds eanking up betokened rain. Harry somehow felt no longer cheery and contented. Novor had poor Bessie's shabby and unpleasant surroundings so jarred upon mm. olio was liko njowel in a mud-heap, lie said to himself. Why could sho not bo so dainty aud well- dressed, cspiegle and bewitching, merry and inutine, like tier of the Shakespearian name, instead of so driven, and worn, nnd grave, and nnxious ? But the next moment ho reproached himself with finding fault with the poor dear girl. Yet, what could bo done to help hor ? Thus musing on the inequalities of life, he came in sight of tho foot-bridge, and his thoughts took a now turn ; for as ho approached it lie spied something lying in the gross just off tlio path. Upon inves tigation, it turned out to bo a littlo pair of glovos and a handkerchief, dainty and perfumed. Harry picked them up daintily. In ono corner I10 deciphered, embroidered in colours, tlio word ' Viola.' So these wero lior property, dropped in her hurried flight from tho alarming 'cows.' Almost unconsciously, Harry rested against the stile, and examined his treasuro-trovo, glancing round nt tho spot where ho hod met their owner. Viola I How sweet-sounding and ap propriate a name I Had some discerning sponsor, he wandered, gazed into her baby oyes, and chosen tho nuino to match their colour. Viola I How soft and harmoni ous, nnd yet with a dash of sprightlincss withal ; doubtless resulting from tho uujuviuviuii iMiai >jii»nui|A:uiua iiuiuiliu. And then, how unique! Never beforo had Harry mot a Viola. Never, before, ho confessed to himself, had he seen any ono quito so bewitching I Labourers returning from their work roused him from ids roverio, and lie had to movo from tlio stile to let them pass. Ho pocketed tlio' gloves and the hand kerchief. For a moment I10 thought of going up nt onco to tho Hall, and of restoring tlia articles' in person. But a glanco at tlio sinking sun warned him that it was now too late, nnd ho reluc tantly pat it off till tlio morrow. For if the reetor listed anything, it was being kept waiting for ids dinner. By a law of tho Mcdes and Persians I10 dined nt seven, summer and winter. ' Oil I never mind, my boy,' lio cried to Harry, as tho latter hurried dawn to dinner, and tried to catch up his parents by scalding his mouth with his soup. ' I dars say you'vo cnougti of being punctual during term time, ch?' chuckled Mr. Heslington, much as if his son wcro still a school-boy. ' Indeed I have,' rejoined Harry. ' It's delicious to feci when ono gots up in tlio morning that tlioro is notiiing one is obliged to do all day. I onjoy tlio holi days quite as much as the boys — more, evon, I beliovo.' But just then ha recollected tiiat lie had something very particular to do upon the morrow ; namely, to call at tlio Hall. ' Oh, mother I' ho oxclnimcd, I'vo hud such a romantic meeting in tlio park with our protty now noighbour I' And I10 enlarged upon tho 'cow ' opisodo. But tho old rector Biiortod disdainfully. ' Silly littlo cockney I Shouldn't como and livo in tlio country if sho's scared by a few bullocks I Sho's a dainty littlo bit of Dresden china; but givo mo an honest English lassie 1' ' Ail 1' sighed Mrs. Heslington, ' your fathor novor did appreciate eloganco 1 But, Harry darling, liko a good boy, do toll me how sho was dressed.' But lior curiosity was not destined to bo gratified. Though Harry had a very vivid recollection of Iicr features and of her gonoral appearance, ho was quito unable to givo a dotailcd description of Miss Trcntliam's dress ; and soniohow or other, lie did not feci quite inclined to oxliibit tlio gloves anil tho liandkorchief, though probably his mother would have appreciated them quite us much as ho did, though for different reasons. CHAPTER IV. Tub noxt morning, after the charmingly inscrtitablo manner of our island climate, was a comploto contrast to the day which had preceded it. Directly Hnrry Hes lington awoke, rejoicing not to hear tho clanging school- boll I10 found himsolf, instead, listening to tho dripping of a soft steady rain upon tho window-pane. He felt annoved. first with tlio weather. and then — 110 hardly know why — with himsolf. Then ho porceived lying upon the dressing-table a lmndkorchiof and a pair'of glovos. And I10 did know why. So he took himsolf to task soverely. At his age, a sedate schoolmaster, engaged to another girl, what business hud ho to bo put off his balanco by a glanco from a pair of violet eyes and a fow sweet words ? It was absurd. Novertholoss, it was truo. What was to bo dnuo ? Ho determined, being so sura of ills steadiness, to try tlio remedy of the lmir of tlio dog that bit him. Ho would go boldly up to tho hall, mid restore tho articles to their ownor. In all probability, ho argued with himsolf, upon a nearer acquaintance this swan would provo to be a gooso — an empty- headed, frivolous, fushionablo littlo London girl : the sort of littlo creature ho know very littlo about, but whom ho lmd always thought he despised. Bettor to toko tlio bull by tho horns, to tear off the veil, and to bo disillusioned as soon as passible. Upon coming to tiiis extremely sensible resolution, Harry got up, and tubbed himself and brushed his hair with more tlmn usual alacrity aud vehemence. But nftor breakfast, Jupiter Piuvius steppod in, ahd threw cold water on his scheme. It would bo positively riducu- Ious, he argued witli himsolf, to go and call in that rain. It would be so marked. It would look as if he wcro in a hurry to see her again. So ho idled about the houso all tho morning, to his mother's great happiness, listening, to all outward appcaranco — if indeed with wandering thoughta — to the maternal flow of conversation, which poured like tho. rain. Poor Mrs. Hes lington I How sad for her not to have been blessed with a daughter, whom she could have kept always at hand to talk at 1 After lunch it cleared up. The sun camo out and bodiamoncd the wot leaves, and set tho birds a-singing. " I think, mother,' remarked Harry, ' I shall stroll up to tho Hall, and make those new people's acquaintance.' But ere ho could effect a start, the rector waylaid Iiiin. Smithson, tho glebo tenant, was in the study, and, as usual, with a grievance. It was half-an-liour ere they could get rid of the importunato farmer, and Harry bo free. Even then ho did not liko to tell tho rector whero ho was going ; lie foared his father's gibe. So ho announced I10 was going for a walk, and hated himself for tho subterfuge. But, alas 1 for his brave resolutions. Hardly had Herry got within sight of tlio lodge gates than thoy opened, to allow a high mail plucton and a dashing pair of bays to pass out. Harry, as tlio turn-out flashed by, noticed a tail, fiorce-looking man, with much black moustacho and squared elbows, driving. By his sido sat a dainty littlo figure, half hidden by a wondrous parasol. But she bent her oyes on Hurry a'a sho passed, and gavo hiin a bewitching littlo noil that completely upset his peace of mind fer tho rest of tlio afternoon. Harry was restless and out of gear. As ho wandered back through tho village, meeting somo of the parishioners, thoy thought ' Master Harry ' less gonial than usual. The grass was too wet for tennis, had he hud anyone to play with, nnd the afternoon hung heavy on his hands. At last lie haunted up his rod, and wundercd across tho park to the trout-stream. But as ho might luivo known, had ho not been too prc-occupicd to think, tlio water was too thick for fishing, und I'o ondod by sitting moodily upon the well-known stile, pondering the ail venture of yesterday. But, somehow, it never onco struck him to go 011 over to l-atciict ana soo ticssic. Westacro Hull was a houso picturesque enougli for tlio lovely park in which it stood : a combination rarer in a country seat and its surroundings than is com monly supposed. Harry bad known tlio house all his life, yet, as lie walked up tho shady elm avcuuo tlio noxt afternoon, tlio gables and tlio mullioned windows hud acquired a new interest in his eyes. Tho houso seemed altered. This feeling was by no means dimin ished when a powdered footman threw open tho great door and ushered him across the wide hall. In the squire's timo this was generally used as a sitting-room; Harry lmd often played blind-mnn's-buff there as a boy, and lmd told ghost stories round tho ample hearth. Now it was half filled by a brand- new billiard-table : a luxury its impoverished owner bad never been able to afford. Thenco Harry was shown into tlio drawing-room, which was so transmogrified by tlio new fashionable furniture, that, but for tho views from tlio windows, Harry would not liavo known tho room. Tlio servant quickly ro- appeared. ' Would Mr. Heslington step up to tho boodaw ?' Harry followed tlio red plash breeches up the broad oak staircase to what had been tho girls' schoolroom. But here, indeed, as his mother had described, was a transformation. From coiling to floor tlio room was crammed with evory con ceivable now, and useless, and valuablo knicknack the heart of woman can desire. Tlio floor was carpeted with soft rugs and furs, and strewn wiih luxurious lounges and divans, all upholstered in palo bluo satin, to suit tho fair occupant's com plexion. A red-striped awning over tho balcony outside flung a soft and bocoming light into tlio apartment, while a faint subtle fragrooce fjllotj tho air, Harry felt a kind of glamour steal over liim. Ho turned from oxnminitig «omo curios on tho mantlepicco, ami Miss Voila Tronthnin, clad in a foamy tea-gown of pink nnd white, stood in tho opon window. A provoking littlo sniilo hovered about her red lips ns sho hold out lior hand. ' So good of yon to como nnd sco mo so soon, after my being so silly down by tho brook.' ' Oil I yes — no,' stammered Hnrry, too much entranced by tho vision to under stand exactly what she was saying ; for ho ivas not accustomed to Beoing beauti ful girls in foamy tea-gowns, and sot in such surroundings, at four o'clock in tho afternoon. 'Not silly at all, I think. Only think of tlio pug's escape.' Dollio's mistress gavo a littlo silvery laugh. ' Oil, sho all right again. There sho lies in hor basket, looking at you out of ono oyo. So rcmombcrH you, I'm sure. But you did think mo silly, nil the snino, I know,' sho added : ' but we'll have somo tea. So saying, Miss Trontlinni jerked a wonderful boll-pull, and presently appeared a solemn-looking butler and two powdered footmen, all to enrry in a small, but ela borate, tea equipage, with impossible cups aud saucers, but very possible cakes anil bon-bons. Viola throw herself back into a low high- backed chair, tho palo bluo satin sotting off marvellously her goldon ' littlo head running over with curls.' Hor back was to tlio light, and tho nwning gavo a red glow. It would havo taken a more suspicious or astute observer than Harry to decide if Art had aided Nature in her complexion or tho colour of her linir. 'So yon did not know who I was?' inquired Miss Trentham laughingly, with her tiny cup poised in mid-air, and con sidering Harry with adeliberatness which was almost dazzling to him. ' You had no notion till you found these,' nodding to tlio handkerchief and gloves. ' But I know you. Your devoted mother lias taixea 01 notiiing else ior ino past iors- nigiit. Do you think ono can livo in AVcstacre, and not know when ' Master Harry' comes homo ?' She laughed. Hnrry felt flattered. His vanity gave him cauange. ' I thought you had dropped from the clouds-like an — ' But sho interrupted him coyly and demurely. ' So you thought I would have let you jump me down without knowing who you were I' she asked, with mock gravity. ' I am afraid you must havo thought mo a very forward as well as a very silly young person.' And she looked down with a blush, and toyed with her apostle tea-spoon. Would you like to know what I really thought of you?' asked Harry audaciously bending eagerly towards her. But sho waved her hand airly, and put him off. ' No, no ; no flattery, pleaso. I'm sure it's not in your line ; you're too honest; you can't do it nicely. You mn.it remem ber that I'vo been told all about yon (slyly), from tho time you cut your first tooth till now. And so,' crunahing ! a boil bon between her white teeth, ' tell me how you like what we've done to the house.' ' I think it's perfectly lovely,' criod Harry admiringly, hut foelingly baffled. ' Such a Iiolo as it was when wo first camc. How anyone could livo in sucli a barn.' Harry felt rather annoyed at this reflection on tho squire nnd bis family. They might be hard up but they wero 0110 of the oldost fnraitos in Westshiro. ' Westacro ain't exactly lively,' pursued Miss Trentham, eating raoro sweets ' What on earth do you do with yourself all day 1 I know I shall soon bo bored to death. 'We must try and and nmuso you, if you will lot us. I shall liko to try. The suiuracr-timo is our season hero in a quiet way. There's lots of tennis, and there's the Mottistono Flower Show, a great ovent. But I am ufraid your will find it rather slow after London. There was a faint twinkle of amuso- mont on Viola's face. She yawned, to liido it. ' OIi, my goodness. Quite dissipation !' Hurry wished sho would not say ' My goodness.' Also sho spoko with a slight twang, which jarred upon him him ever little. But the next moment she was looking at him with thoso wonderful eyes of hers, and I10 forgot everything else. ' And shall you stay here nil tho holi day ?' she inquired. 'Yes, certainly, all tlio holidays,' promptly rejoinca Harry, quite oblivious of that Swiss walking tour with bis collego friond. ' AVill you bo charitable, then, and como and nmuso mo somotimes ?' she wont on, witli a nai'vo pleading which was very irresistible. ' Tho major is away so much, and you nro our nearest neighbours.'. ' I should liko notiiing better,' repliod Hnrry in a low voice, drawing his chair nearer, und returning tho look witli interest. But Miss Trentham raised herself lan- gudidly from hor chair. She had only intended to try how far alio had got witli him. ' It's vory hot here,' sho said coldly. ' Let's sit out on tho balcony.' Under tlio rod awning, with a back ground of lovely summer scenery, Miss Trentham flung herself gracefully into a long wickor couch, disposing the folds of her tea-gown so ns to but half conceal Iicr littlo toes, and clasping her hands behind her head. Harry followed her, and, leaning against tlio balcony railings in front of lior, literally drank iier in with his eyas. It was such a dainty tiling; so capricious, so variablo ? ' Don't yon smoke 1' she asked. ' Oh yes, but ' ' I do,' sho responded, apparently not noticing Harry's start of Burpriso. 'I liko men to suioke ; it makes thorn happy, and think more and talk less ; and I liko to do tho talking, you know. There, try that box on that iron table. You'll liko thoso cigars, I think.' And alio took out of hor pocket a silver case, nnd lit a cigarette. Harry, sinking into a low chair facing lior, watched her with mingled feelings. Ho was not accustomed to seeing girls snioko, but ns alio held tlio cigarette daintily poisotj between her lingers, and emitted a thin carl of smoko from hor little red mouth, ho thought it a remarkably protty performance. 'Light up,' sho said, nodding nt him, witli a twinkle ill her oyo. ' You needn't tell your inninina; and I won't, I pro- miso you.' Harry winced a littlo. Ho didn't like tho tone, somehow. But tho next moment alio lmd altered it. ' And now,' slio asked, looking straight at him, ' tell ino all about yourself ; your cricket. I havo heard so much about your cricket.' What surer way to flatter a limn tlmn to lend him to talk about himself? It novor fails. In tiiis case it nnswored admirably. Tlio major's cigars wcro un deniable, and Harry found himself sitting in that balcony, talking to Miss Trentham as if I10 lmd known lior all his life, of his likc9 nnd dislikes, his past life, his ambitions, bis successes, encouraged by her cympntliotic smile. How long lie talked lie knew not, it was as if a spell was cast over him. Suddonly it was rudely broken. Tho door of tlio boudoir was violently opened, and Major Trentham stood in tlio window. Ho was not exactly pleasant to look upon, with his beetling binok brows meeting over his close-set foxy oyes. But tlio moment ho saw Harry there lie put on a bland smile, and grasped his hand wnrnily. Viola's nmnnor changed, too, nt iter brother's abrupt entry. Sho looked for a moment a trifle frightened ; hut she re covered herself immediately. ' De-lightcd to meet you, Mr. Hesling ton, I'm sure,' said the major, in a loud hearty voice, which made tlio china on tlio walls ring again. 'No notion who you'd got here, Viola,' ho continued, with rather - overduo geniality. ' Hoard so mucii aBout yon, my dear fellow 1— such near neighbours— hope wo slinll seo a lot of each other I' Harry forced himself to mutter somo- thing civil, and flung away tlio end of his cignr- He felt ho did not liko the man. ' You're quite at home in this liouso, of course, ono major weno on. nope you 11 go on just tho same. There's tho trout in tho brook, you know, and noxt month tlio shooting. But won't you havo a drink, sherry and bitters, whisky peg ?' Harry declined rather curtly, and roso, saying he must bo going. Oh 1 don't hurry away yet. But, if you'll excuse mo, I must go back ; some one is waiting to see mo. So good-liyo. Viola, make Mr. Heslington fix a day to como and dine ; and off he strode, bang ing the door after him. But the entrance of this bull of Baslian into such a little paradise of a china- shop had broken tlio spell which had been cast over Harry. Viola had risen also, and was leaning over tho balcony, look ing dreamily across the park to whore tho blue Westshiro Beacon fringed tho horizon. Harry camo up behind her. ' I really must go now,' ho Buid softly. Viola turned, and held out hor hand. He fancied sho looked subdued and un happy. ' You won't bo long beforo you come and aee mo again, will you 1' she asked, with a pleading upward glance which spoko volumes. Hurry passed out and down the broad staircase as if treading on air. There! who was right, Richard?' in- quired Mrs. Heslington triumphantly of tier husband, as sho laid her head 011 her pillow that night. ' Didn't I tell you I was sure the dear boy would be charmed with her ? I nover heard him talk about anyono in such a way before?' CHAPTER V. Luck most counties remote from London, \V etsfliro was vory oxclusivo and conser vative in its social views. Especially was this tlio case in the neighbourhood of Westacro, which lay far from tho county town, and tlio society was not over shadowed by tlio Earl of Westshiro, or any preponderating magnate, and con sisted chiefly of old county families, living on small estates, and deoming themselves particularly worthy of con sideration. So the Trontiiains were not very well received. Though in Westshiro it is always the houses more than the people which aro called upon, and Westacro Hall had alwaya been a visitable liouso, yet the Trcntiiams had como without any special introductions, nnd only as tenants. Tlio neighbouring clergy called, and some of tlio nearest squires, but Lady Motti stono of Mottistono Grange, and other social oreles, held aloof. Thov waited to see what Miss Trentham was liko, and then ' Bad stylo I' wo3 tlio verdict. Not, indeed, that Miss Viola did not take heed to hor steps, and go softly. On tlio contrary, witli much toot, slio made up to old ladies liko Mrs. Heslington, and rotoived tho administration her beauty oxcitcd among tlio male population, both witli tho indifference and impartiality. But there was a vague feeling abroad that she did not go down. Tho Major, with his bag, cherry lliugh, fared better among tho men, who nro not so critical of thoir sex as women of thoirs. - Ho had been a soldier, and lie know somothin« about horses (which goes a long way in the country), and was having sundry fine pairs und neat hacks down on trial from a London dealer, appearing by no means easy to suit. Perhaps _ tho womon wcro jealous. Certainly it was hard on tho mothers with marriageable daughters 011 hand (and match-making with difficult in Westsliire) for a fascinating stranger, far hotter dressed that the local damsels, to swoop nown at tlio tenris parties, and monopolise all tho attention of such moil mi1030 ontcrto>nments boosted. II10 day following Harry's first call at tho Hail wiul a Sunday— usually an unexciting day in tlio country, though often, in a clergyman's family, ono of lwB .f 8?mWedi irregular meals. But tho rector belonged to tho old school, and troubled himself not about caily and frequent seruico to tlio detriment of his digestion. After luenh it was Harry" custom to walk over to tho afternoon servico at Latchet, and have tea with noraHi Ii' n .tMa 03P0cial Sun<llly never had the servico seemed duller, the Thre f ri" ?r' th v!car ra " rosy! tho painted windows the sunlight streamed in, in lovel rays, across draJr ChT',; th0 Chummed drowsily in aod out of the open doors. All was peacoful <jq< sleepy. Huny wt and saw visions, and dreamod dreams. Ho had half lisped to meet Miss Trentham as I10 walked across tlio park. Slio had not put in an appcaranco at the morning servico at Westacro; in fact, neither alio nor hor brother had been soon in church Binco thoir arrival. This was counted against them, for in tiio country overyono is oxpeeted to go to church. Harry hurried ovor the uproarious nnd uniuvitiiig meal at Latchet, and took his leave earlior than was his wont The truth was that ho liopod to full in with Miss Trentham 011 his way home, and felt 110 longer annoyed witli himself for wishing to do so. Ho was lotting himself drift into his easy-going, indolont way. All Iiis virtuous resolutions had vanished. Tho foot-bridgo had bccomo associated with Violn. Harry watchnd tboro nwhila to seo if thoro wore any signs of hor coining, but in vain. Ho had to return homo disappointed, feeling somohow that ho had spent a lost day because lie had not seen Iicr. Yet it had been just an ordinary Sunday, liko dozens of others. What had made the change? A cricket-match nt sumo distance engaged Harry tho next day ; but on tho Tuesday thoro was a largo garden-party at tho Hodsons', in tho noxt pnrish. Major and Miss Trentham arrived late, driving up with a dash in tho smart little ninil-phacton, the beheld of all beholders. Viola was fearfully ami wonderfully arrayed — too inucli so, in fact, for Wcstshire, whero tho girls think more of their tennis than their gowns. But site was soon the centre of an admiring little group. Bessio was not there, for, of course, tho Chayles had no carriage and tlio Hodsons' was boyond a walk. So Miss Trentham speedily found Harry at , tier elbow. ' You're not playing tennis ?' sho asked, glancing at tho well knit figure in flannels. 'I have been; but I don't wunt to now,' rejoined Harry, witli a look directed under Viola's wonderful parasol. But here old Colonel Bister, his stout from exhibiting all its nmple proportions in his tennis garb, hurried up, coatioss and perspiring, to v 101a s mue. ' Miss Trentham,' he puffed, mopping his face, ' won't you come and play in my set ?' with an adoring ogle. ' Wo should never score a stroke/ laughed the young lady. ' Lovo, always 1' gallantly responded tho old boy. ' I ask no bettor.' Viola teased her head, and turned to Harry. ' I don't play,' sho cried. ' Take me for a walk round the garden,' she ordered him ; and Harry felt proud indeed at boing thus singled out. ' My soul is not bound up in tenniH,' she wont on, as they perambulated among beds of flaming geraniums. 'These pnrties bore me iiorribly, though they seem tho vital breath of Westshiro in August. No one talks of anything elso ; and I'm woary of men in flannel. It's only becoming to . tali slim figures,' alio added, witli a side long glnnee nt Harry which porfoctly intoxicated him. ' Toll me what elso do you do down lioro ?' ' Oh, I don't know. Cricket— fish,' responded Harry, feeling in Paradise, ns they reached a secluded nook in the shubbery, shut, out from curious eyes, where Viola suddenly turned and faced him. ' Fisli ? Oh, that's it !' alio oried, like a delightful child. 'I should like to fish,' .' And so you shall,' replied Harry, look ing down upon tho littlo upturned face.. , J I'll show you how to throw a fly down, in the brook by tho foot-bridge — our oM friend tho foot-bridgo, eh ?' But all in a moment she turned oedfo shy nnd demure again. ' Thank you, Mr. Heslington ; I shall have much pleasure. And now, please will you take mo back to my brother? I should like somo ten.' Hod he gono too far — said too much ? Harry womlcrcd. It was such an inscru table little person. But lie had not the chance of another woid. Directly thoy reached the houso Viola ivas surrounded. Old Colonel Bister, who had .got cool again, and looked more attractive with Ills coat on, brought Iicr an ico ; young Dobrass pestered hor witli cakes, sundry and divers ; and even the rector himself brought her a cup of tea. Tlio major then camo up to say the carriage was round. A group of the gilded youth— ay, and age too — of West- sliiro escorted Miss Trentham to it; a body-guard in tlio uniform of the despisod flannel. But Harry felt superior to them all ; foj did not Viola bend down to him and whisper, just as the groom was lot ting go the horses heads — ' The foot-bridge, thou, to-morrow, afe - three.' Harry hardly knew if ho was standing . on his head or on his heels. So Viola fished. Except that she hooked Harry more securely than ever, slio did not catch much. But noithor did sho try very arduously. Two or three afternoons tho two met down at tho brook, out of sight of the foxy-eyed major. Powdered flunkeys brought tea down, and tho pair dlscusnod it together on tho bank, lazily watching tlio trout rise in tho pool, and tho brook brawl at their foot. That is to say, Harry did j for Miss Trentham lmd but littlo soul for Naturo, and prcforred that Harry should look at lior, and liked tho sound of her own voico host. I hen Viola would loll gracefully on the bank, and try to fish, Harry showing her how to hold the rod— an operation which necessitated his placing his hands very near hers. It was all very delicious and very dangerous. Harry was boyishly, carelessly happy, in his cheeriest mood. Ono evening, as Miss Trentham came up through tho gardon from lior pisca torial occupation, her brother met her on tlio terrace, holding a card wliioh had just ' boon loft for her. . r ,f'83 matiwa mottistone. Latchct Cottage.' Tills lady was a first cousin of the rector's, and a sister of tlio late Sir Philin Mottistono. Sho lived in a littlo cottago ' 'I mot tho old cat in the drivo Vi said tho major. 'I told hor you wero- down fishing with that boy.' You fool I' muttered Viola with a stamp of hor foot, and an angry glanco of her oyes. such us shiS novor fit" Harey Z When w.l you learn to be more £3? (TO fig C0PT1KUJD.) 