TORTURING A NEGRO AT PENTRIDCE .WILLIAM KINGS CASE. A HISTORIC PARALLEL. 1 WHY WEACHURCH WAS HANGED. Sensational as The Tocsin narrative of this case must be to the innocent citizen in blissful ignorance of prisons and their horrors, the truth has not been transgressed. What has happened once can happen again, and, unhappily, the King case is not unprecedented in the annals of Victorian penal history Inspector-General Price, father of the Colonel — tyrant sire or a would-be tyrant son — met his death because he forgot that criminals, however sunken, yet remain men. This is an example of ./what may happen to authorities if brutality is carried too far. ' The case of John Weachurch, on the other hand, illustrates the ' logical conclusion M of behaviour such as King's, if wellven tilated justice is denied the wrong- doer who believes that he is wronged. And it is as a parallel to King's case that the handiest, most reliable and succinct hisotry of Weachorch's career is now put before Tocsin readers. * * * When I was a very small boy, some 18 years ago, I had the run of Melbourne . Graol. Gates, such as they are there for the most part, did not limit my free dom, for I was so small that 1 could squeeze through the interstices of the bars of which they were made. ' Oft in the stilly night' did I startle the lonely warder on duty in the silent prison. Fittingly with my morbid environ ment, and doubtless encouraged by it, my disposition was gloomy, not to say ghoulish. I took a delight in the gal Iqfvs and all its hideous appurtenances, animate and inanimate, from the hang man, Gatelv, who was my particular friend, to the victim whom the hour faithfully provided ; and from the rope, renewed for each execution, to the soap wherewith it was greased. Then there iroio uuo gcujuuvvB gLaiVcyaLU. lU WUlUil X often sat and indulged my boyish medi tations. I can let anyone have an ' Elegy in a Grallows Graveyard' cheap. Hangman's acre in Melbourne Gaol was what was known a,s 'The Boy's Yard.' It was a narrow strip of high- walled space in which juvenile larrikins were set by day to break stones and gather what wisdom they could from a contem plation of the initials of the hanged, carved into the wall opposite each other. By night, no doubt, the gallows ghosts, whose corporeal substances were quick limed at the south end of the yard, came forth and disported themselves with spiritual skipping, swinging, or other pastime in which a rope plays leading part. One night I went to see, but saw nothing, which, however, I attributed to the fact that A cock at sight of sun mistook for moon Crowed forth the hour of dawn some hours too soon, and so caused the deceived spirits to prematurely vanish. Some fifty or more strangled saints lie buried in this spot, of which there are many legends whose time is not yet come. * * * Hy chief interest in the luckless wretch on hand was always consumma ted on the night before the strangula tion, which almost invariably took place on a Monday. The Snnday evening be fore, during church-time, when it was ?not likely I would be impeded in my mission by paternal interference, would ,jw~ m~~} » uvjTou-jr otti-uiuer, sup irom a door leading from my father's quarters into the front yard of the gaol. Across this I would dart into the main building, along a passage to a barred gate, which gave me no check, through the new wing, under the gallows, along a, lane, through the hospital garden, and then np some well-worn steps that led ito the chocolate-coloured old wing, in which1 were the cells of the condemned. The high, long, narrow place was always but dimly lighted, and steeped in a palp ableiiilence, which was only emphasised by the low wh'istling or pathetic croning of sbine prisoner whose sorrows thuB salved themselves in song. I always made straight for the con demned cell in occupation, easily distin guishable by the light which from its door of bars shot across the corridor! ~In the rays of this the warder on1 duty sat on guard. From him I got welcome. Every warder! was my friend, but apart from such a fact, my company would prove a break in the depressing mon otony of the night duty. Of vfl,l«rh'p.fcnr\r interviews with the condemned I have eight records. Among these stand out those with Wee church, my present story ; Basilio Bou dietto, against whose execution old George Stephen (and David Gaunson, by the way) vigorously protested — I have the legal Nestor's final protest be fore me now; James As he, who ' had no knowledge of a Creator or any re ligion, had lived the life of an ignorant herd boy, and died penitent.' How that sort always does die penitent ! And finally with Ned Kelly, historically heroic, literally commonplace. ♦ . * * 'This man was a deep scoundrel,' says Henniker Heaton of Weachurch in* his diabolical ' Dictionary of Dates.' ; If he was, then it was only that sort or scoundrel tor wnica rotten prison systems are mainly responsible, in the eyes of all right-thinking persons he was, of course, the very worst type of desperado, because he set 'law'n' order' and every other ' respectable' consider ation at defiance in the vain hope that thereby he would obtain a fair open trial and justice of an ideal quality. He is further interesting as being the pet illustration of the efficacy of imprison ment. * * * He was variously known as John Hallam, John Taylor and John Wea church. The last was probably his proper name. In appearance he was like the common variety of Chinaman, sallow complexioned, low-built, and with slanting, sleepy eyes. He was possessed of a rude sort of capacity for disputa- - tion, and that bush-lawyer quality, unil* luminated by any sort of cultivation,, ultimately proved his destruction. He ifuesnuiitju. au tumga, ajuu au urui jjacu was he in his own interpretations of them that his eagerness to put them to the test consumed him, until at last it became a sort of insanity, under the in-, flneuce of which he committed deeds which gave the law an excuse to hang mm. . He was cradled in crime, and in gaol was his grave. Born in 1829, he took the lawless path before he was old enough to have understanding of any other. He was first consigned to a Re formatory, in itself a sufficient sink of contamination to defile one far less sus ceptible than he. Burglary was His speciality, and in 1862 he was first com mitted in Victoria for that crime. It is no wonder that a man like this was in constant trouble both in and out of gaol. In gaol he disputed the legality of almost every act of the authorities, sometimes sanely enough, but more often frivolously, and lite ap imbecile. Punishment naturally resul ted, and his original sentence was in creased. In this was his grand oppor tunity. He was convinced beyond mov ing; by any;jcno\vn power, including fear of- death, that such increase of his term was totally illegal. Of course the authorities would not admit his conten tion. It was; deemed impolitic even to consider it or give the prisoner any satisfaction in buo|; a dispute, or indeed any other. It was 'subversive of dis cipline/' ' bad precedent,' and much more besides in the shibboleth of official of. in m rti + tr o.nn v-on -+.q.t^q 4* riTxairlrwvi OUUULU1L J CUJ-LU ?*- \?\A UGULJW K U.I. C* 1UU 11X* 'Then,' declared Weachurch, 'if I arii denied a hearing and justice by fair means, I will obtain them by foul.' He meant that he would resist what he considered his wrongful detention, by HiKih ants as would oomnfil- +,he a,nf,hnri ties to place him in the dock, where he would have an opportunity of publicly declaring his grievance. This was no empty boast, for subsequent to his pro nouncement of it he was punished for more than a hundred breaches of the Pentridge discipline. So intractable did he become that he was kept closely confined, but even then he found means to pursue his purpose. Inspector-General Duncan was a God fearing man. and .?hen the^conyict re- ; quesiad an interview ^...him... W. granted it, and entered the cell well armoured in the spirit of the.Jj.cwd. Not withstanding, he was carried pat jpros trated by a wound in the groin inflicted by Weachurch with a knife, which, de spite of official vigilance, be had secreted. For this he was sentenced to death, a decree which, however, was commuted to imprisonment for life. .Inspector General Duncan was only scratched, and was well compensated later on, when Parliament voted him £500 or so as a solatium for the injury. On another occasion 'Weachurch com ~]~:~~a ♦!,„«- 4-u^ nlnca nnntinfiment was LFlalUCtL buau UIJC7 viuav ? affecting his health. He was, therefore, given a hoe, and set to cut down weeds in a remote paddock, under the super vision of Warder Coghlan. In a little while he reported himself at the prison, and calmly announced that he had jubt killed the warder. Happily, this was not strictly accurate, but it was not far oat, for Coghlan was found with his head slit open, aud like unto death He, however, recovered, and Weechurch was again put on his trial for attempted murder. The benevolent and eloquent Ireland undertook his defeuce and secured an acquittal. In gratitude, Weackurch indited a poem to his able and generous advocate. This metrical o-liPrn'f. was £a.v lpfiu ovnnsn.lilft filian his attempt to murder, but no action was taken to avenge the violated muse. Among other acts of violence commit ted by the aggrieved convict was the burning down of the shoemaker's work shops causing a damage estimated at £4000. But he was not again able, for a long period, to compel the authorities to send him to public trial. However serious his offence, he was brought before the Visiting-Jnstice, and it was the series of petty trials which he invoked which caused the magistrate's court at Pentridge to be known as the Star Chamber, a nick-name which it retains to this day. At last the authorities took drastic steps in their own defence. A cell was converted into a crge, to be seen yet by: the curious, and in this Weechurch was confined like a wild beast. Special rules were made ' directing how he was to be treated. At exercise he was alwavs to be escorted bv two warders. His clothes were to be changed weekly. The cage door was never to be opened except in the presence of two warders, and much more of a similar character. But all the ingenuity of the authorities could not conquer the cunning of the convict. One day, Warder Moran, with another, entered the cage to repair the prisoner's irons, and was struck down with a bed-bolt weilded by Weachurch, just as Parson Hill had been slain some years before by convict Ritsori. There followed a third trial for attempted murder. It was unique, but its r-lace is not here. I have before me Weachurch's brief drawn up in his own misspelt quaint diction and crazy scrawl. In his written speech he says : 'The gallows is ready and yorning tor me, and my base and maliceous enemies are ready to shed my blood and gloat over my miserable corps. . . . The name of Weachnrch. has become a mock and a by word for mothers and nursemaids to frighten children with.' Then followed his defence, so eloquently characteristic of- his ruling crankiness: 'Innocence of the assault is no part o£ my defence, because I wilfully and deliberately committed that assault after due con sideration, arid I call Grod to witness that I did it not out of malice or ill-will (although I confess that I did not like Warder Moran's way of doeing his duty) or with any intent to kill or do anybody eearious injury, but I done it with greates of deliberate caution and with no other view than getting sent to where I now stand so tb#t I might have an oppor tunity of exposing the wilf ull and mal iceous injustice that I have been so long subjected to, and seek legal redress.' His legal redress took the shape of the sentence of death. The gallows was prescribed, when obviously the case demanded nothing but a lunatic asylum and a straight- jacket. But such are the inscrutable ways of civilised and chris tianised men ! * * # This was the poor wretch whom Ij trotted up to gape at on that Sunday! evening 20 years ago. All was still as* 1 ^uariOhegaol at such a ti^ || Noiselessly .. I went along the corridor 0( M the old: wing to the warder on duty || who gave me welcome; and when j H peered through the bars of the Co0- S demnedfcell door, Weachurch gave ^ H welcome also. B ??: ..' Ain^fc you frightened of me, littl& il man ?' 'he asked. '. H ? * - I ' BBSS Inspired perhaps by an unconscion8 K ?generosity, or perhaps, with a feejling pf Hj safety in the presence of a warder well j| armed with deadly weapons, I anwered H the pathetic query in a manner which, 9 contemplating it now with an ajiDrecia.. » tion cf artistic effect, I cannot regird as H anything short of beautiful, If not |g sublime. i || 1 squeezed through the bars andstood |§ in the cell of the condemned mari! He. W$ took me on his knee. ; : Mt 'Do you know who I am ?' he skel f ' I nodded my head after the unoutd fashion of juveniles of seven. lad [ : spoken, so great was my veneratioi for f ^ hanges, I should have said ; [ |Jj -Tes, sir!' ' \ , | His only acknowledgement of tny |i nescience was a heavy sigh. \ |J *c Do you know what is to be don to m me ?' was his next. ?? ,. m I nodded again. Glad am I now.naf m his legal acumen was not alert, softiat m he was not moved to test my affirmed^ || by cross-examination. It wouldj/aot |fl have been pleasant to have had to aj, p 11 You are going to be hanged I' E ' Do you know why ?' he next asJed, ffl I shook my head emphatically, am he m seemed pleased. I suppose becauE it m gave him an opportunity to tell his $? grievance. f |i 'It is because I Bought justice,' he ij said. 'Never seek justice, myj'oy. M Let people do what they like to you. If m you don'c, you'll only be hane-ed ke if me.' * ) I I wasn't experienced enough to knir f\ whether he was serious in this ajthca. % I have my suspicions now, however. W At last I thought I must be -goig, m and I said good night. I shallower- I forget that parting. The misertle I wretch pressed my boyishly soft, aall if hand in his, rough and so often ess §§ gently used. Then he kissed the to of 1 my head, leaving it wet and warm 'ith | tears. . , | Next day he was hanged. ? | * * * 1 He wished another trial, andhad 1 hope of it, right up to his last nio'ent. I And I have often wondered whv h MA i not make a final bid for it in his wited I fashion, by taking me by my jirnile I heels and dashing oat my ju'nile I brains against the cell wall. I I suppose it didn't occur to him. 1 ', Paul Mjl. 1 \ ? i 