TOWONG SHIRE COUNCIL. Tho ordinary monthly mooting of tho ahovo body was lield on Tuesday last at tho Council-chambers, Tallangatta. Tho following members were present, viz., Crs. Findlay, (president.), Paton, Croot, Murray, Lake, Wilkinson, Colo, Card well, Peterson and T. B. Waters. SIIXUTKS. Tho minutes of tho previous mooting woro .read aud confirmed. COUUKSroXDEXCE. From tho Secretary for. Public Works, as follows :—“ In returning tho plans and specifications submitted for works on the liolga-lluou La no Bond, I havo to stalo that tlioy aro considprod to bo satis factory. Tenders may accordingly bo invited, to bo submitted to tho Depart ment boforo accoptanco. Plans, &o.;, handed to onginoor.”—Tho lottor was re ceived amid a chorus of “ Hoar, hears.” , From tho sumo, as follows:—“In returning the tenders submitted for con tracts 034 and (535, works on Mount. Wills ltoad, I beg to stato that thoro is no objection on the part of tho Depart ment to tho accoptanco of tho lowost in each ease, viz., Walker and Lord, £61/9/ and £158/10/.—Deceived. From tho secretary, Public Health Department, as follows:—“ Referring to your letter of 20th Soptombor last, for warding tho Shiro engineer's roport on tho proposed hospital sito at Corryong, tho Board would now bo glad-to havo a __rCport from tho otficei' of- health asked for on 15th July last. ' It 'is a roport from tho bllicof of health that is required by the B<)ard,”—Ci-. .Waters expressed tho opinion that Dr., SUicpnnlo would willingly supply tho roport gratuitously, if such a report would bo , accepted. That gentleman had taken a groat interest in the matter, and had pro nounced tho silo selected to ho an ex ceptionally good one.—Cr. Paton said tho proposal was a good ono. Thoro was a standing resolution to ongage the medical man nearest to any particular district" upon which a report was noodod. _After discussion, tho matter was left to Cr. Waters to arrange with Dr. Stacpoulc for tho furnishing of a roport on tho subject. . From tho Public Health Department, inviting Council’s attention to tho cor respondence in regard to a cometory sito at Yabha, and stating that tho Board would bo glad to learn what action has boon taken in the matter sinco 1 lib Juno, 1S!)S.—The secretary stated tho last reference to tho matter he could find was that Mr. Arch. Patou had offered tho land required for £20.—Cr. Paton thought that offer (for an acre) was still open. It was for tho Council to say whet.hor or not it should be accepted.—(Jr. Cardwell thought the offer should he aeeopto.l at onco.—Cr. Murray: Is it a privato cometory ;J—Cr. Patou : It was. But privato comotorios are not allowed now. The public want it for a cemetery. Tho site is a.littlo off tho main road, from which access would have to be left.—Cr. Lake: Oniny way down, I saw two or three rnlepayors, who seem very anxious to get the sito for a como tory.-Cr. Colo, jocosely : Aro they dying olf r— Cr. Lake, slyly : If they takomurli of that Vitadatio of yours, they’ll die off ! —Cr. Colo: They'll never dio 1 (Laughter.) —Cr. Cardwell moved accoptanco of tho offer of Arch. Patou to give an aero of laud for a public cometory at Yabha for £2(1, to also include right of access to the said site.—Seconded by Cr. Lako, aud carried. From Public Health Department, re questing to bo favored with'"reports con cerning Cudgewa Presbyterian Church aiubtlranya-llalt;—Referred‘To engineer. From Laud Office, Beaehworth, noti fying Council that its application for reservation of 2 acres in parish of Ror l inga for a nightsoil depot will ho con sidered by a Local Land Board at Tallaii gatta on Thursday, (5th July.—Received. From Secrotary for Minos, acknow ledging receipt of Council’s letter of 16th J mio, re read 3S5 ovor tho Gib.—Received. From Socrelary for Lands, stating that tho Council’s application for reservation of certain land for a racecourse in parish of Talgarno would bo dealt with in duo courso. A similar reply was received in regard to the Council’s protest against the aiionation of any part of tho main road at Nowtown, Tallangatta, in respect of which an application had boon made at a recent Council meeting by Mr. N. C. Stewart.—Received. With regard to the latter matter, tbo engineer stated that, when visiting the Department tho other day, he found that tho road in question was, as stated by Cr. Croot, proclaimed 3 chains in width, aud that it would bo very difficult to alter that arrangement.. From Secrotary for Lands, acknow ledging receipt of Borringa Common balance- sheet for 1S98, and requesting fuller particulars of tho item therein, “deputation expenses to Melbourne re Betlinnga fumos.”—Attended to by socre From the Secretary for Lands, asking if tho Council lias any .objection to tbo renewal of Mr. W. T. Mann’s grazing license for block 34-13, containing 15 acres in tho parish of Walwa.—Tho engineer said the land in quostion was a camping and watering reserve.—Cr. Peterson said ho had heard oomplaiuts about travellers being prevented from using tho reserve. Tho Council should enforce its resolution koeping intact such rosorves.—Tho Presi dent expressed tbo lieliof that Maun had thrown nptouancyof the reserve on account of tho briars. Now that the Council had cleared it, lie seemed to-bb renewing his ap plication for the laud;—At Ci. Patou’s suggestion the secretary, was instructed to reply to tlur olTeot that the Council had expended money on-yemoving: briars therefrom, and considers.,the fund should bo kept for'(hb%oneftt'lyf tho ^rfibliC:""' " ‘ From Comptroller of Stamps, Mel bourne, foi-warding 19/,, being allowance made, less .discount,; ..for,, tbo spoiled stamps enclosed with "s'oeretary’s memo, of 23rd June. (This wasW.caso in which the clerk of court' required the attach ment of stamps to pan-ntto 6utnmousos. It was subsequently found that such summonses were exempt from stamp duty, anil the secret:!ry-,applied for a rofuud/of the amount.)— Received; Cr. Paton observing that tho refund was a case of “ perseverance' rewarded,” tho genoral opinion being tliat it is very hard to get tho Government to unhand any money it gots a hold of. From II. J. Shoatlior, Cudgewa, for warding the skins of two wild-dogs, which lio had poisoned at Cudgewa. Ho stated that lie was unable to get tbo whole of the skins, as thov were too much decom posed bolero bo found them; but he bad sent the ears and tail, which should bo sulliciout proof that they were wild- dogs. —The secretary said that, if tbo Council so instructed him, he would refuse to tako portions of skins.—Cr. Paton : If I wore convinced that the skins wore off bona fide wild-dogs, I would pay tho bonus without licsitutiou. 15ut tiro Council Jins been fiifeeed right and loft with dog-skins. —Or. Murray : I know of ono case.—Cr. Paton': Wo should insist oil the skins being presontcil whole and in.good con dition.—Cr. Lake sairl that, wlion a re liable man (like Mr. Tobin, who recently presented parts of a skin).made a declar ation, it should be taken,—Cr. Croot: It was decided a few mouths ago not to take skins unless they bo in good ordorl The examining councillors have an unpleasant duty at tho best, and it is not fair to ask thorn to verify dog-skins that are not in good condition.—Or. Lake: Do you want to • ouforco that resolution p—Cr. Croot:- Yes.—Tho secretary.pointed out that tho resolution was vaguo as to tho skins being whole.—Or. Croot: If you accept tlioso skins, yon will not bo dealing failly with Tobin, who was rofusod.—It was docidod to refuse tho skins in ques tion, aud tho secretary was instructed iiot to accept any skins unless they are coui ploto and iu good condition—wliolo and wholosomo. Fi om Hugh M'Donnld, Grunya, as fol lows:—“At the last Council mooting I saw that my letter was markod ‘ no action.’ Does that moan that no stops aro to bo .taken to raako tho dangerous placo safo, as well as that my request for payment of repairs is rofusod ? Had tho accidont boon sorious, your Council would havo had to contest an action for largo damages. Such an accidont may easily occur thoro. Is it not wiser to spend a fow pounds on a guurd-fonco how ? I still think, and am advised, that my re quest was just aud modorato, and that tho Council should meet mo in tho same spirit.”—Cr. Potorson said that, while tho idea of claiming damages was ridiculous, tho spot was a dangerous ono, and some thing ought to bo done to lossou its dungor.—Cr. Croot: Thoro aro hundreds of places in tho Shiro much worse.—Cr. Patou : Yos; half-way to my place there aro points on tho road where, if a horse loft the track, it would full “.flop” into, tho rivor.—Cr. Lake: Up Mitt a Mitta way thoro uro miles of such sidings.—No action. With rogard to tho application of tho cyclists of Bskdale to form and fence a cycle track in tho Esk Park, P. H. How man, lossoo, wroto stating ho had no objection if a stilo were made, so that ho might bo ablo to koop tho gato closed. Tho writor suggested that an over-stile would bo proferablo to a turn- stile, which would allow rabbits to- enter the reserve.—Audionco was given to Mr. A. H. Carkoek, o£ Eskdalo, who complainod that tho leasing an angomonts of tho ro sorvo enmo very awkward to tho public. A lot of public money had boon laid out on tho resorvo, which was of no use to tho public on days when football matchos took placo, unless permission was givon to use tho gate. Tho football club could not got in to cleat- tho ground. Although ho hail spent £30 of his own money on tho racocourso, ho had to take a liorso six miles to a private course (Bowler’s) to givo it a gallop. Tho reserve was use less to tho residents of Eskdalo unless they could havo uso of tho koy. Tho agreement with tho lossoo was to givo up the key 14 days before tho annual races. But.anyone knowing anything of horses, was awaro that a horse could not be trainod in 14 days.—Cr. Murray thought tho mattor would havo to bo deferred for a year; tho agreement could not bo annulled now.—Iu roply to Cr. Lako, Mr. Carkoek said that, if tho key wero loft with him, ho would guarantee that the gates would bo properly closed.— Roi'orrod to Cr. Lako to iutorviow tho lessee with a view to making arrange ments suitable alike to tho lessee aud the public. From Androw P. Huutor, urging re pairs to tho main road between Tallau gattn and “ Glemlavo” paddocks.—Cr. Curd well said tho road badly wanted at tention.—lloforred to engineer. From Henry Tankard, Bothanga, ro-. signing his position as collector of pau-, loos at Belhanga.—Cr. Cole said a man named Butters, who was V doing tho dogs,” was willing to tako ovor Tankard's duties.-- Coulil-that bo dono witlioutimll tug for fresh applications?—Cr. Lake', thought the work could bo sub-let', with the Council’s permission.—Tho secretary pointed out that ii guarantee' would bo required from tho person acting. Tho salary was £1 a year, with a commission of 9 per cent, on collections.—Bosolvod, on the motion of Crs. Colo aud Petersen, that applications be rocoivod from persons willing to collect pan-rates at Bethanga, at a remuneration of £1 per aunutn aud 9 per cent, on all collections. From Shiro of Warragul, soliciting support of a resolution protesting against the colony being polled as ouo electorate for election of members to tho Senate, under tho Commonwealth Bill.—Cr. Colo said it was desirable to cooperate with tho movement to break down centralisation. Undor the prosont proposal of ono elec torate, there would bo uo show of any body outside tho city being olected. For instanco, if a candidate from this Shire (where tho advantages of federation wore more fully appreciated than in most pluces) were to offer, evou if he polled every vote in tho Shiro, ho would not havo a ghost of a show of bomg returned, as tho local voto would bo swamped by the city voto. .l’he idea was to havo tho colony cut up into electoral provinces, and it should bo supported.—Cr. Patou lrfovod that tho Council cooperato with tho Shiro of Warragul in endeavoring to havo tho colony divided into electoral districts in stead of being one largo electorate under tho Commonwealth Bill.—Seconded by Cr. Cole, and carried. From Jamos Jury, Talgaruo, asking that a culvert be put iu tho creek at junction of main Murray Road with road leading to tho writer's placo.—Cr. Potor son said a largo bridge was really re quired, but tho traffic- did not justify that.—Cr. Colo suggested that tho im provement of tho crossing might suffice. —Referred to ouginoor. From Peter Jannesd, Dark Rivor, stating that the bridlo-track between Zulu aud Dark Rivor is dangorous, owing to fallen trees. Ho offered to get nine trees cleared off the track for 5,. each. . Soura of tho trees wero from 3ft., to 4ft. in diumotor.—Cr. Croot stated he, had met two men coming from Zulu, aiid they wore loud iu their complaints as to the state of tho track. One man had to loavo his horse bohind, and walk a con siderable distance. Although not in his Riding, ho still thought tho work should bo done.—The engineer said tho track was partly in Corryoug Riding and partly in Mitta.—Cr. Patou said it would be woll to accept the offer.—Tho engineer suggested that the man bo asked to keep count of tho number of trees in oacli Riding, iu order to allot the cost.—This was agreed to, aud tho work was.authorised,.tho cost not to exceed 45/. From John Mitchell. Lower Bethanga, notifying Council that ho intended fonciug-off tho road leading through his property nt Spring Creek, Tutonga (known ns Richards’s paddocks). Tho writer added:—“If I erect fouco on tho present boundary, it will stop tho traffic. Tho road could bo easily exchanged with advantage to all. I would bo pleased.to meet your ongineor on tho ground by appointment within a leusouablo time to discuss tfiis matter.”—Tho engineer said: ho had arranged with the writor to look into the mattor with him. From Ohas. Jonos, juu., Corryong, as follows:—“I bog to inform tho Council that for tho last two years that Mr. Bartlett was poundkaopor I have sup plied sustonauco for all stock impounded up to the day ho handod ovor tho books to mo. Ho has uevor settled with mo for that. ... If tho Council is legally responsible to him I will send tho amount flown. lie trespass ratos, I liavo 5/ or 6/ for somoono on tho Towong station—who I do not know.”—Tho Prosidont explained that thoro was a dispute botwcon tho two men as to certain sustonance fees. That, howover, had nothing to do with tho Council.— Tho general opinion seomod to bo that Jonos had his legal remedy against Bartlett, and tho secrotafy was instructed to insist on tho dues being sent in to tho Council. « Prom' G. E. Mackay, secretary Albury P. and A. Society, requesting Council to take stops to liavo Thursday, 14th September (Show-day) proclaimed a public holiday in Towong Shire.—Cr. Paton moved that tho request be uccodod to.—Carried. Prom Hubert Stovonson, Tallangatta, applying for a slaughtering license for premises lutoly occupied by Byring and Dyring.—The application, being endorsed by the' locnl inspector, was granted. Prom Wm. Blanchfield, Koetong, re questing that tho-engineer bo instructed to survoy a cemetery sito of 3 acros which was roeommended by a Land Board at Koetong in Pebruary last. If this wore dono, somo improvements could bo pro ceeded-with.—Referred to engineer. Prom J. W. Wilson, Eakdule, re ceme tery site, at Eskdalo, stating that a better sito could not bo found than the one selected. Tho soil was loam to tho bed rock. Tho Board of Health could not possibly know as much as the onginoor concerning tho suitability of tho site.— Cr. Cblo.jocosely: The wiitor ovidontly doesn’t know tho .Board.of Health. Thoy know everything 1—Tlio onginoor observed, that the Department simply said that tho ;site was not acceptable, giving no reasons.—Cr. Lake moved that tho secre tary, in writing agaiu to tho Department, forward tho letter in question, which gave tho opinion of a practical resident who knows the country well.—Agreed to. From superintendent of Stato nursery, notifying the despatch of a package con taining 200 trees for street-plauting.— In reply to Cr. Murray, tho socrotary stated that tho trees wore intended for the Tal langatta streets.—Cr. Lake expressed a hope that the local councillors would see that the now lot of trees wore attended to bettor than tho last lot, a largo pro portion of which were lost owing to want of care, after all the exponso gone to in foncing tho trees in.—Cr. Murray thought tho old guards wore not high enough.— Cr. Lako said ho would liko a fo\y trees for Mitta Mitta.—Tho socrotary said ho had got them for Tallangatta, by in structions.—Cr. Murray thought it would suffice to keep 100 trees for Tallangatta, and let tho remainder bo dividod botwoon Bothnnga, Corryong and Mitta Mitta councillors, if thoy wished to apply.—Cr. Patou suggested that a few trees bo plautod along tho lowor sido of the embankment in front of tho Slnro-hall, so as to hide the hank of stones, which now formed such aii oyo-soro in front, of tho building. A few trees on tho higlior road would also add to the nppearanco of the haU.—Tho secretary said the con signment comprised principally pines and elms.—Cr. Wilkinson asked for a fow trees for the local cometory. Tho trus tees’ application was lodged too lato for this year.—Cr. Murray questioned if it would bo permissible) to givo to tho cemo tory treos which were obtained for street planting.—The distribution of tho treos was eventually left in the bands of tho secretary. From E. Kirk, Tallangatta Yalloy, ns follows “ Euclosod find ehoqno for £10 for the building of tho bridge across Tul laugatta Creek. This money would linvo boon 'paid before, only wailing to soo if the: onginoor would come to inspect tho work; as ho lias nevor: dono so. It.,is duiigof ous .to get oii. lit. both'ends.■ There is (Abutting- lit one"end that wants filling up, and a few panols.of fencing at tho other. When this work-is dono, to make it safo for crossing, I will pay the balance of the monoy, £5.”—Tho engineer said ho had reported upon this matter about twelve months ago.—Cr. Croot endorsed tho complaint as to the embuukmont. Ho was inclined to send tho roadmen there; a few hours’ work would suffico. —To lie attended to by Cr. Croot. _ From James Richardson, claiming 10/ for clearing two treos off tho Cravenvillo Road, under instructions from tho mail man.— Referred to Cr. Croot for inquiry. Prom E. J. Brown, Corryong, with regard to work at old Colne Colac ford, stating that the ford would bo of littlo use to the travelling public, and suggesting that work of this kind be hold ovor, so ns to enable the ongiueor to complete work of more importnneo.—Cr. Lako con sidered tho letter was of an insulting character, and should be consigned to the waste-paper basket.—Sovoral coun cillors : No action.—Cr. Waters roso and supported tho views of the writer.^—Cr. Paton said the ongineor had simply carried out tho Council’s instructions in tho matter.—The engineer explained that he had boon instructed to carry out the work at a cost not exceeding £10.—Cr. Waters: Will £10 do it?—Tho engineer replied that Mr. Kiel, who asked for tho crossing, had undertaken to boar any cost ovor and above £10. In this busi ness, he (tho ongineer) had done nothing outsido his instructions.—Cr. Waters: I’m afraid that ypu’ll have an action for damages from landowners lower down in tho ovont of a wasli-out, which is sure to result.—Cr. Paton: An imaginary occurrence!—Tho engineer explained that nothing would be done to the crook until tho flood goes down.—No action. Froui Constable Lonnox, Corryong, as follows:—“ In the matter of G. D. Phillips, of Corryong, requesting that ho bo excepted from tho pan-rate for a hut in which he sleeps, and regarding which I have sent a previous report to the Coun cil. 1 I am now asked ;by the Council to settlo' the; matter as to whether Phillips is. to- be rated or :othorwiso. This I bog to be excused from doing. 1 consider I have - carried out my duty fully in for warding the report referred to, and to ray mind it is for tho Council now to decide. If I could see that tho matter was a duty incumbent on mo, I would not hesitate one moment to porform it. If 1 did give a decision, it would givo rise to no ond of trouble—unless, of course, I decided against Phillips, which he (Phillips) would no doubt think vory harsh. And if in his favor, no doubt a great many would endeavor to sliow cause why they should nlso be excoptod from the rate, which, it will be reinemborod, caused a groat deal of dissent wliou instituted at Corryong.” —Cr. Murray said the letter was a sen sible one.—Cr. Wilkinson: It’s a perfect shuffle.- Why doosn’t he act at onco ?— Cr. Paton: He reported in the first place. It’s the Council that’s dono the shuffling.— Cr. Wafers : I think it’s a rational letter. —Cr. Croot: Tho Council should givo in structions to miiko every householder pay. —Cr. l’aton: If we start exemptions, there’s no knowing whore, it will end.— ; The President: It. is hard on Phillips, but, so far ns I see, lio has no alternative but to pay tho rate.—Cr. Waters agreed with his colleague.—Secroiary to notify Phillips that ho must provide sanitary accommo dation. Prom James Walsh, Eight-milo, Snowy Crook, directing attention to tho almost impassablo state of tho road between his placo and Snowy Creek, Owing-to tho road being washod away in ]daces and tho accumulation of fallen timber, traffic is much imported botwoon tlio points named nml Glon Wills. Ho oxprossod his pro pnrednoss to put tho rood in thorough repair for tho sum of 15,—Cr. Lake said ho boliovod tho complaint to ho ..well founded. Thoro was not a groat deal of traffic on the'rond now, and no work had^beon done thoro fora long time.— Roferro-l to Cr. Luke for attention. From 1). Boiinott, Eskdalo, stating ho had inspected tho road-work on Little Snowy Creok, Mount l£lin'o Hoad, and considered that tho .money was well spent.—Payment providod for. A NEW HOAD PROJECT. A lotter was received from T. Stanley Sheppard, South Yarra, as follows:—. " Mr. Craven and I intorviowod tho Minister of Minos to-day (28th Juno) re road from junction of road from Granite Plat to Mount Wills to tho Morriinac, about six miles. lie says that, if tho Council will survey and give ostimato, ho will deal favorably with it. . . . Can you got the survoy done at On tho sarao matter, Mr. Craven, M.L.A., wrote as follows:—“Wo wore advised to got the Shire Council to apply in accordance with the Act, in a similar way to the case of tho Dark River Road application. This is necessary, because it is a road for wheel traffic, and tho Minister can only inako pack-tracks out of tho vote ho has at his disposal, unloss under tho conditions laid down in the Act upon tho application of a muni cipality. I beliovo, if. your Council applies for tlio road, at will be^grantod.” . Or. I.al;o' exT>11tili<3il■ thStrati influential mining syndicate,/including some mem bers of tho Ministry, had :takon up country’in this locality, of which they had a high opinion, formed on’tho ndvico of oxperts. A road was wantod to got in with machinery. Ho had referred some of tho party to Mr. Cravon, with tho rosult now before tho Council. It would be a wiso stop to make tho appli cation, as suggested. It was a good chanco of gotting Government monoy expended in the district.; Meanwhile, ho hail got some temporary work done on tho road. Cr. Patou suggested that application he at once made in accordance with Mr. Cravou’s suggestion. It would open up corrospondonco with tho dopartmont, and tho plans, &e.;, could be prepared later on. Cr. Lako moved that tho Council mnko application for a GOvormont grant for a vohielo road from tho Lightning crossing to Morrimac Cteok, ns suggested by Mr. Cravon.—Seconded by Cr. Patou, aud carriod. the baric RIVElt road. Mr. A. w. Cravon, M.L.A., forwarded a lottor (dated 1st Julj’) which he had rocoivod from tho Secretary for Minos, statiug that tenders for the construction of Road 275, from Cravenvillo to Dark Rivor, would bo called for in about a week’s time. . ; In answer to a question, tho soorotary statod that this was the matter on which it had been nrranged that a deputation should go to town. - Cr. Paton : There’ll be a saving of deputation exponses, then. Receipt of this letter gave general satis faction, and !. .• It was rosolvod, on the motion of Crs. Murray and Paton, that a lotter of thanks bo sent to Mr. Craven, M.L.A., for his exertions .in securing grants for construction of . Dark Rivor aud Glen Wills Roads. TIIE BETHANGA SMOKE TROUBLE. ' Harris aud Field.-goneral managers of tho Rethangn Gold .Fields Limited, wroto ns follows:—“Iii roply to':yours of 12th Juno, wo hog- to inform 'you that it is. the intention iff-tho 'CoinJMiny to largoly incroaso ' thoir -works, and that larger I linos for condensation Of arsenical fumes will be a portion of such work.” Cr. Cole: Vague,' ns usual;.. They pro mised that throe years ago. I’ll table a motion luter on; Cr.-Murray: This business is inter minable. Is it going to last till tho day. of judgment ? • ; SANITATION AT EETIIANGA MINES. Constable Code, inspector of nuisances at Bethanga, submitted a lengthy report of his inspection of tho sanitary appliances at tho Bethanga Goldfields. The arraugo monts at tho mine were found unsatis factory, but promises of.. abatement of tho nuisance had been givou by tho man agement. Arrangements j.at the works wore sufficient. Tho report concluded :— “ In fnirnoss to myself aud the Company, I wish to state emphatically that I at no lime have beon refused admission into tho Company’s works or inino. I have visited both placos on several occasions on duty.” Cr. Colo stated that ho had gouo.with tho inspector, and in tho course ot his visit to tho mino witnessed tho most disgusting sight he had seen in his life. Tho closots projected over an embankmont and thoro was a mound of nightsoil 6ft. or 7ft. high open and exposed on the surfneo of the ground. They wore told that tho stuff had been accumulating for two days. It looked Iiko tho accumulations of years. The effluvium was sickoning. It could be easily understood wlicro tho typhoid came •from. A tight hand would havo to be kept on tho Company to keep it up to tho mark. At present there was no attempt at ordinary deconcy. Cr. Potorson: If tho place is so bad, what has the local inspector beou doing ? Has he beon doing his duty? I don’t know anything about it; but, if it is so bad as statod by Cr. Colo, it should certainly be remedied. But ^it should sulfico to instruct, tho inspector to attoud to tho matter. Cr. Colo: It is a special case, to doal with which'special steps must; bo taken. It is disgusting that sucha state of things should exist within a few chains of, the township. '. ,.... It was resolved,’-on tne motion of Crs. Colo and Petersen, that the Rothungu Goldfields manager be instructed to forth with remove the heap of closet filth at tho Gift mine, and properly clean-up and deodorise-the place; also that tho in spector of nuisances bo instructed to seo that these works are carried out at once. NEW PETITION. . Tho following petition was tablod :— From Edward Smith and 8 other occupiors of property on the northern side of Hanson-street, Corryong, request ing Council to cause the’street channel in°front of thoir premises to be properly formed, so as to carry off tho storm-water and clear away the stagnant pools that are at prosont detrimental to tho public hoalth. OLD PETITIONS. Petitions read at last meeting were ordorod on as follow :— From 07 ratepayers of Snowy Creek and district, urging improvements to the wheel-road between Mitta Mitta aud Granite Flat. (A letter'to the samo effect wus rocoivod from Crawford and Co., coach proprietors.)—Or. Lako observed that tho Government money referred to in the petition had boon set aside for tho Bolga Road. Plans, &c.;, hud been pre pared therefor, submitted to,and approved by tho Public Works Department. The monoy being disposod of, the. petition could not be furthor considered, as there was no local monoy at present available. —Cr. Paton considered tho Snowy Greek people " showed rather selfishly in-‘ this matter. Thoy had recently get £1500 of Govenunont money oxpomleil at tlinir onil; liut they wanted nil. This £500 was asked for the Bolga Hand. The Council lmd been very pond to Mitla Mitta Riding, giving it first uml third choice for spending Government money in that territory (Glon Wills and Bolga). The Snowy Crook folks appeared to think that people did not want to use the Bolga Road at all. lio would do his best to got a veto for tho Granite l?Iut.Rond next year.—Cr. Lake: The Glen Wills Road has boon mopping-up all <>nr Government money.—Cr. Raton: Tho road from the Junction to M'Oann’s is • entitled to improvements ; but all in good time.—Held over until funds are available. From 51 residents of Eskdale neighbor hood, drawing attention to tho necessity of a road from Eskdalo to Sloop}' Hollow. —Messrs. Carlcoek, Landau and Christian were present as a deputation in support of the petition. Each was givon.audieiico in turn.—Mr. Curkook estimated the cost of tho work at £10.—Mr. Landau said tho track in uso was difficult and danger-' ous. Tho owner of private property through which the traffic went had re fused pcoplo passago through his land. Thoro wore at present 9 ratepayers at the Hollow ; but, owing to a mining revival, thero would likoly bo fivo times that' numbor vory soon.—Ml'. Christian said the best reason for making tho request was that tho want of a proper road is keeping the placo back. With a propor road in, tho placo would go ahoad ton times quicker than there was a possibility of its doing at prosont.—Cr. Lake recog nised tho justieo of the claim. The making of tho .road would benefit him personally. But, speaking as a ropres m tative of tho Riding, lie pointod out that this was simply a by-road. Tho Council had not suflieiont monoy to keop tho main roads in ordor. Would it not bo possiblo for Mr. Christian’s company to help with a littlo capital (say, go half way), as had boon done by other mining compauios ? —Mr. Christian: Wo avo interested, certainly; but not tho only ones con cerned. Wo would bo glad to put on a few men.—Cr. Lake: Lot tho matter stand over and submit to next meeting au offer ill writing of what you arc pro pared to give.—Mr. Christian : 1 would liko to have an idoa of what tlio Council oxpocts.—Cr. Raton endorsed bis col league’s views. If tho claims of all tlieso little places wero recognised, there would bo nothing left for tho main roads, which claimed first attoution. The Riding was in debt now. In the circumstances, tho Council would not bo justified iu outor taining this matter unloss tho residents concerned liolped by mooting half-way. —Mr. Carkook guaranteed to raisu £10 for tho work. If tenders woro called, it might not cost as much us £-10.—Cr. Lake suggested that tho matter bo loft over until noxt meeting, by which tube tho residents would have somo offor to place before the Council.. Tho Council would givo overy assistanco in lnying-ofl the work and inviting tendors, hut could not givo more tliau half the monoy.—Cr. Croot: If petitioners guarantee a quarter, it’s all that should bo expected of them. Minors should bo encouraged.—Mr. Chris tian: Our Company has already expended £1500. That outlay lias benefited the district. If the Council guuraiitoo £15, wo might do tho rest.—Cr. Raton said the work would liavo to ho dono to tlio satis-' faction of tho engineer.—After further discussion, tho matter was roforiod to Crs. Raton and. Liiko to mako arrangements on tho ground with tho deputation and other parties concerned; TENDERS. Before tlio opening of tondors, Cr. Petersen, moved that .Contract No. GEG be dotbrimnbd and the deposit bo-for feited.—Seconded by Cr. Colo, and carried. Cr. Lako movod that tho calling of tomlors for works on Bolga-llumi Lane Road, for which drawings have not been ■prepared, bo approved of.—Soooudod by Cr. Cardwell, and carried. Tenders "wore submitted for tho fol lowing works, the lowest in each caso being accepted, oil tlio motion of Crs. Raton and Rotersou, viz. Contract No. G2G.—Works at Hake's Farm, Springdale Hoad. Two tenders. J. Arundel, £Go, accepted; Couglilaii and Otty, £77/10/.' Contract No- G3G-—Fifty Chains of Mount Wills Road. Two tendors. Coughlan and Otty, £121, accepted ; Thos. Walker and Win. Lord, £500. Contract No. G 17.—Fifty Chains of Mount Wills Road. Two tondora. Coughlan and Otty, £232, accepted; Thos. Walker and Win. Lord, £520. Contract No. G3S.—Seventy-threo Chains of Bolga-Hnon L ino Road. - Four tenders. Sumiiel Horne, £22G/8/, noe-opted ; Coughlan and Otty, £2S9 ; Thos. Carey, £290 ; Jamoa M'Guinuess, £4G9/o/. Contract No. G39.—Fifty-three Chains of Bulga-Huou Lane Road." Six tenders. Jus. O’Farrell, £178/18/, accepted; Samuel Horne, £193/17/; Jeremiah O’Brien, £215 ; Thos. Carey, £211; Cuiighlan and Otty, £212; James M'Guiniiess, £325/10/. For Contract No. G-10,— twenty-four Chains of Road at Mitta Mitta.—there were two tenders submitted, viz., Clms. Hodgkin and Co., £91, and Courtney and Boyd, £119. As they were considerably nhove the estimato, it was decided to invite tenders anew. In connection with the Bolga Road works, being dono by’Government money, Cr. Croot complained’that tho worst part, near O’Brien’s,' was not boing touched. A lot of traffic camo that way into Tal langatta.—Tho ongineor said Tallangatta was not mentioned. Tlio money was applied for and given for improving the. rond between Bolga and Huon Lane.— Cr. Patou understood that the bail por tions between- Tutonga trucking-yard^ and: Bolga station were to have boon included. His idoa was that the money was for “ tho Huon Luno Road,” not for “the road from Bolga to~ Huon Lane.” However, the work boiug done wiis of a uecossitous diameter. [The President-Wre left tho chamber; and Cr. Lake was voted to tho chair.] rate-collector’s report. Mr. J. I. Himllo reported as follows :— I bog to report the collection of eurroiit rates £l(ilH/10/, air. ears £12-1/4/, aud dog foes £53/15/, fur tho past month. I am now preparing to sorvo final notieos for all rates unpaid. I also submit a list of additions and substitutions in various Ridings. Tho report jvas adopted. thistle inspector's report. Mr. T. Shanahan reportod as follows:— Since last meeting of the Council I served notices on the persons on whose holdings I found St. John's wort growing. I lmd a caso at tlio Bethanga court on'21st of last mouth against Edward Jelfeott, of Talgarno. He was fined £5, with £1 costs. The fine was suspended, allowing him 30 days to complete the work. I paid the costs to tho secretary.—Cr. Potersen stated'that some of the magistrates had complimented the inspector on the manner in which ho had uonducled the ease. I learn from tho secretary that Mrs. "White head, of Tmvong, has net yet paid tho costs given against her at tho Corryong court in September last.—Cr, Wilkinson insisted that the costs should he recovered.—The matter was held over for a full attendance of Cor ryong members, Cr. Waters being the only oue present at this stage. Tho report was adopted ENUIXEElt’S IIF.I’ORT. ; Mr. Potqr .Wright reported ns follows:— i Corryong Hiding. I have, in compliance with the directions of the Council, arranged with Coughlan and Ol ty for the gravelling of the newly-formed i road at. Stony .Point.—Approved, Cpugldaii and Otty havo made fair pro- ■ gross with Die repairs at Wahlia Gap. Roadmen MiUlren and Evans have heeu ■engaged between Colae Colne and Wabba. Mitta Mitta Hiding. Joseph Lord lias made fair progress witli his contracts at Mitta Mitta. Tlie approval of the Public Works Department lias just been received to the letting of Contracts Nos 1 •631' and 635, but the conlrnctors‘(Wa1ker and Lord) did not wait for this, and have made -.considerable progress with tho works under Contract No. C31. The fencing of Eskdale Reserve has not been touched since bust meeting. The con tract was for £83; of which £05 lias been paid, leaving a balance of £18.—Cr. Card well wanted to know how the matter of wire-netting the reserve was to lie settled.— Cr. Pa ton observed that, if tho netting were removod, there would be only £18 in hand to pay for its being replaced. —In reply to a ques tion, the engineer said the fence was 70-odd chains in length.—Cr. Cardwell suggested that somebody be appointed to inspect tho ' fence and pick out any inferior wire in order to its being replaced.—Cr. Patou thought the Council might find itself iu an awkward ; position if it allowed the use of wire which -it had refused to take from M'Lenn and Rigg ns damaged.—Cr. Lake stilted that, •according to statements nmdo to him, the net ting used was not that which the Council had refused from M'Lenn and It'gg.—Cr. Paton objected to pay first-class prico for material of the quabfcyj.pf. which there was a sus pIcion.LCrwLak’e said the unfortunate con tractors were not to blame. Tlie wire was sild to them as of first-class quality.—Cr. J’aton pointed out that the Council had already decided not to make any allowance, liefore anything further could bo done in tlie matter that decision would havo to be rescinded.—Held over. In compliance with tho directions’of tlie Council, I havo set-out works on the Iluon’s Lane Road, prepared tlie drawings, and ob tained tho approval of tho Public Works Department for the proposed works. To do this, I had to take the drawings, &o.;, to tho Public Works' Oflico. Tenders havo been invited for tho works.—Approved. I have prepared plans and specifications and had tenders invited for works at tho Rod siding, Mitta Mitta.—Dealt with in connec tion with tenders. In compliance with tho directions of the Council, I have set-out some works on the Callaghan Road, and let them to John Tobin for £7/10/.—Action approved. Roadmen Shanahan, Jenkins and Renan have for most of tlie month been employe:! repairing the’ gravelled road on Noorongong Haiti. Roadman Monr.rielf has been engaged in anil about Mitta Mitta. The new road at Tallamloon is very had in places, and I have directed Moncriolf to on gago temporary help and repair the worst places at once:—-Approved. Murray Hiding. Roadmen Hanna and ncmpel havo been working’ on the Taylor’s Waterholcs Road. Lukins and mate have been working mi tho main road near Bangil. Osmond and Euliey have been about Talgaruo mid in Springdale. Tallangatta Hiding. ■ Carey had nearly completed Contract No. 028 liefore signing tho contract. It is now "Roadmen Ried and Fleming havo not done, much' oh the roads this month. What they did do was’ in the Honeysuckle Valley. Tho report was adopted. l'lNAKCIAL ItFI'ORTS. Tbo treasurer-.reported tho recoipt of £l8SS/2/8, -sinco last mooting, tho. prin cipal items. being—current rates, £1601 10/; arrears, !'121/1/; ilng fees, £53/15/; pan fees, £42/13/ ; bonus for collection of statistics; £21/iS/3. ■The secretary' roportod ,tho. financial condition <if tfio'Hidings as'follows:— • ' -Murray, cr. balance ■ .. £G88 IS -1 ’ Mitta Mitta, cr. balance .. 90 15 11 . Tallangatta, (lr. balance .. -36 15 2 Corryong, civ balance .. -1G3 3 3 .. .Tlie Shire, er. balance £1206 2 1 The credit balance.at bank was re ported to bo £131-1/15/-1, less - trust acco unts, £ 138/13/=£ 120G/2/4. Tho following accounts, amounting to £-104/7/, wero passed l'or payment:— General Account.—Feter Wright, engineer, £lS/6/8; W. II. Maddoclc, secretary, £13 6/S; J. I. Ilindle, collector, £12/10/; J. Osmothcrly, treasurer, £1/13/4; T. Shana han, thistle inspector, £5; Mrs. Conacher, office caretaker, £2/5/; Dr. Matthews, health officer, £2/10/: W. H. Maddoek, petty cash, £9/14/7 ; Ily. Dunstan, advertising, 7/6; R. Warren, advertising, £2/8/; Jus. Law, ad vertising aud priuting, £8/5/6; T. Shanahan, costs of summons, thistle case, Talgaruo, 7/ : Aruall and Jackson, stamping cheque forms, &c.;, £2/19/6 ; Jas. Grant, ironwork and re pairs, 12/6. Local inspectors’ salaries.—J. Lainbden, £3/2/6; J. Hay-don, £1/10/; H. Lennox, £1/10/. ' ' , Murray Hiding.—A. Travers, removi nightsoil.Bethmign. £8/12/;' A. Travers, de ductions from previous account 1-1/, mid 12/ for; distributing pnns; T. E. D.vring, in surance premium oil Bethanga pavilion, 7/S , T. Hudson, removing tree, »/. • Day-labor.— Robt. Lukins, £9/18/3: Robt. Walton, £a 10/6; John Hanna, £8/9/; C. A. Hempel, £7/16/; Robt. Osmond, £1.1/17/3; M. Ealiey, £6/13/3; Tlios. Allen, removing trees and filling ruts, Jarvey’s Creek, £1/10/; W. Sommer, repairing main road, Betlmnga, 5/; W. A. Vincent, repairing culverts and road work, Talgaruo, £3/10/. Mitta Mitta Hiding.—J.Vf. Wilson, road work between Howmmi’s and Mount Elmo, £25; Walker and Lord, work on Mount Wills Rond, £1/10/; E. Coleman, cutting tree off M‘Mahon’s Creek Road, 5/; R. F. Fichles, cutting tree off Eskdale Road, 10/. Chain men’s wages.’—Patrick Murray and Jeremiah O’Brien, each 19/0. Day-labor.—T. Hodscn, ’ 0/0 ;■ T. Roiian, £2/8/9 ; P. Jenkins, £6/19/9 ; T. Shanahan, £7/19/3; L. Moncrieff, £5 10/6. Payments on contracts.—John Court ney,'No. 60S, £7; Coughlan-and Otty, No. ffll PIO. ovi/1 ntfv U, £18; Coughlan and Otty, No. 614, £9 ; Jos. Lord,. Not 632, £15; Jos. Lord, No. 6’33, £9. , . . \- ■i3'allangai(ii'Hidin'glAJThomas Carey, con 'fi-act 628',''£l2U; John Mildren, work on triick to Koetong mines, 13/ ; Angus Scobie, clckrjng e'timlier, Craven ville Road, 10/. Day-labor."—T. Hodson, 11/6; F. Ried, £5 17/; S. Pleming, £1/9/3; John Rapsey, £2/8/9. . Corryong Hiding.—Thns. Egan, removing niglitsoil,-Corryong, £6/1/8; Crawford and Co., hire of horse and buggy to Corryong, £2/5/; W. H. Maddock, expenses attending Corryong court, 15/; Coghlan and Otty, contract 630, £20 ; Carl Taklo, work at Cor ryong, 10/; W. H. Ball, cutting tree from Corryong Road, 5-/. Dav-lubor.—Jneob Mil dreiq £13/9/9 ; Joseph Evans, £6/3/6. 'Tract Account.—Refunds of deposits on .contracts.—John Courtney, 60S, £1/14/6: Coughlan and Otty, 611, £13/8/; Jeremiah O’Brien; 612, 15/; Coughlan mid Otty, 614, £2. J. I. Hindle, Government bonus for pr >per collection of statistics, £21/18/3. wike-netti.vg. M: M. Drmr.mond, Cravenville, wrote stating ho would prefer to do without tho wiro-nottiug applied for by him two years ago,—Tho secretary stated that the wire ordered had. beon obtained and was now at .tho railway station.—Or. Miirrav: If they ;don’t' want it, let us hoop the netting. —No action; Oii tlio motion .of Crs. Paton and Croofy the following suins wore ordered to bo. paid from. No. 2 account (wire netting loau hceouut), viz., Treasurer of Victoria, instalment on loan, £106/17/11; interest on-loan; £25/13/; 0. S. Green and Co., netting supplied to- W. H. Cardwell, £27; 0\. S. Green and Co., 322 coils netting, £299/18/9; freight aud unloading, £22 :;/•!; secretary’s oxponses to town -to make purchase of netting, £•(.—Total, £■185/1 It/. THE liEKltllWA COMMON. Tho following accounts worn passed for payment from Borringn Common fund, on tho motion of Crs. 'Croot and Petersen, viz., W. IJ. AI: u 111 <j c- k, secre tary's salary, six months, Xu; John Pooler, herdsman, commission, on fees, £20/0/10; John Pooloy, thr arid pitch, 18/(5; removal of carcase, G/.—Total, £82/11/-1. Or. Peterson moved that tho herdsman of Borriuga Common ho instructed to at once have a dam formed on the Tiilgarno side of tho Common.—Seconded by Or. Cole, and carried. DESTRUCTION OF DTNOOES. Claims for tho bonus for destroying wild-dogs and foxes were passed for pay ment as follow, on tho motion of Crs. Croot and Petersen :—Cornolius APOrath. 1 dog, £1; J. A. Walker, 1 dog, £1 ; 0. M'Grath, 1 fox, 5/; A. Playlu, 8 dogs, 1 whelp, £8/10/; M. Goughian, 1 dog, £1 ; fl. Uaolinor, 1 dog, £1 ; J. Parkin son, 1 dog, 8 whelps and 1 fox, £2/15/; Swanton anil Shannon, 2, foxes, 10/; Nauiy Bros., 2 dogs, £2; J. Murphy, 2 dogs, £2.—Total, £15. CEXERAE I1USINESS. Or. Murray movod that abut heorected at tho Tallangatta nighsoil dopot, for tho storago of tools, night-pans, &o.;, tho cost not to exceed £10.—Seconded by Gr. . Croot, and carried. ' ■ :;y Or. Petersen' movod, and' Qrr Colo-s^-‘v condoil, that. vtho datoTof tlio?' Revision;, Court bo fixed for Tuesday, 23th July.— Curried. . • _ ‘ It was rosolvotl, on tlio motion of Crs. Croot and Peterson, that the. following conuoillors bo appointed returning officers for their respective ridings, viz., Murray Riding, Cr. Colo; Mitta Mittu Riding, Cr. Lake ; TallangnttaHiding, Cr. Croot; Corryong Riding, Or. Findlay. Cr. Colo movod that tho standing orders ho suspended, to enable tenders to ho called at next mooting for works at Mount Alfred and Talganio.—Secoudod by Or. Peterson, and carried. Cr. Petersen coinplainod of a man nainod J. Smith interfering with the stock routo by foncing on tho main Upper Murray Road, betwoon Bolhanga and Talganio.—The ongineor was instructed to inquire into the mattor, and, if there is nil obstruction, to order romoval of Cr. Wators moved that plans' anil speci fications be prepared for motalling about 30 chains of road near Mrs. Shelley's hotol, Ivootong.—Soeomlod by Cr. Murray, ami carried. At tho instnneo of Crs. Wators and Murray, plans and spocilioations wore ordered for forming nml gravelling about 30 chains of road botwoen lClippul’s and J. Olty’s, Corryong Road. Oil tho motion of, Crs. Colo and Peter sen, tho ’sum of 10/ was passed to K. and W. Lolibun for burning carcaso of horse at Spring Creek. Cr. Croot referred to a bad spot on the Talley Road, near J. Campbell’s,, whore a smuil culvort and somo filling wore required.—Tho moving councillor was authorised to arrange locally for oxocnlion of tho work. Cr. Paten drew-attention , to the had stato of a culvort near Hunter's, Nonron gong. It wanted pulling-np and ro filaciug on a bettor foundation.—To ho attended to. ' Cr. Waters verbally reported on somo . matters that had boon referred to him at last meoling. With rogard. to Simpson’s vequost to cut a drain on .main Nuricl Oinoo Road, ho was satisfied that, tho work ■■ would ho a honollt rather than otherwise, as also would ho tho oncrqaehmont of tho foneo for 20ft. on the,road at tho cutting roforrod to. lie .had told Simp soil that, whilo tho Gouricil could not give permission in tho mattor of tho' fence, it would tako no. action. With regard to tlio Joromal biidgo, which was in a dangerous stato, ho had arranged with ono Popper to olloct temporary re-, paiis at a cost of £1. Ho had also arranged with Goorgo Murrell to pull away a lot of logs that woro endangering Colac Colao bridge. Tho prico agreed on was £2, and the work had been satisfactorily dono. Tho roquest of Jonos concerning a defective drain which was injuring his property was a matter for professional opinion; tho ongineor should investigate that. —Cr. Wators’s action was npprovod. and tho engineer was instructed to attend to Jones’s complaint. Tho Council then adjourned. 