THE MERCURY. HOBART : WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899. EPITOME OF NEWS. Nominations for Hobart, Pembroke, and Meander close to day. Ham Hie Boatman at Harvey's hall, Port Cygnet, this evening. "The 1 o'clock gun w as 2Csec. slow yester- day. Cottage destroyed by fire at Launceston last evening. .Numerous'nominntionsforStrahanTown Board election. Tasmanian Opentive Lodge of Free- masons meets this evening. St. John's (Goulburn-street) minstrel concert, schoolroom, this evening. Kicbard Propsting, old Tasmanian colonist, is dead. Tasmanian Permanent Executors and Trustees' Association pajs a 5 per cent, dividend. Mr. E. Button is a coming candidate for Ringarooma seat in the House of Assembly. Meeting of tobacconists and lalrdrcssers at Temperance-hall this evening regarding early closing. The University Senate passed a resolu- tion yesterday in favour of regulations bcingfrinncd for the degree of Mus. Bac. The Trading Stamps Co. got a bad time of ¡t ata public meeline in Launceston last evening. __^js_ Germany conj-inues financing in China. House of Gammons lins appointed an Old Age PensioniCCommitte«;. Tyson's estate pays. £500,112 probate duty to the N.S. W. Government. Federal referendum fixed by N.S.W. Government for June 20. Orient Co. carries £15,017, last half year's profit*, to the reserve fund. Mysterious Gatton murder case likely to be soon reopened. , , Public welcome given to General Booth ntMelbourncTown-hall. Governor, Judges, and Mayor of Melbourne present. Phlppard Brothers, contractors for new centrnl railway station,' Brisbane, will employ local labour only, i Prince of Wales patron and Duke of: York vice-patron of the Antarctic Associa- tion. Aubtraliau cricketers have elected their responsible office-bearers foi the cominis campaign. Captain Coghlan'.") indiscreet uti erances " across the walnuts and the wine " will probably involve him inra eourt-martiul. ' Mr. Burney Young, South Australian wine expert, refutes Sir Michael Hicks Beach's arguments against preferential treatment of colonial wines., /- A It is proposed lo increase, barrack; accommodation for British troops at- the. Cape, as, a counter-check on _ Transvaal military expansions. Baron Brnnipton(IateSirHcnryHuW'kins, Q.C.) and lady have been cordially wel- comed at the Vatican by His' Holiness the Pope. ' Male passenger named A. E. Hoare shot himself fatally ¿during passage of s.s. Buniuyong from Melbourne to Sydney last Sunday. _~ DURING the coming session we are promised a very thorough discussion on the subject of taxation, which promise may prove to be, like many others, a promise to the ear only and not to the hope. The faddist is, however, abroad in all his glory, full of points and inferences, which vanish as soon as they are examined and leave their propounders stranded and gasping like fish out of water. The unimproved value business, which the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, amongst other things, does not think is likely to be carried, has collapsed by its own dead weight. Those who have seen the farmers and orcbardists filling up the schedules Bent to them, and have witnessed the scratching of heads in the hope of stirring up some enlighten- ment on the subject, are able to con- gratulate the PREMIER and his fellow believers on the results of their attempt to get information which it takes almost the working of a mathematical problem to supply. The owners and occupiers of the soil who have been bothered in this utterly useless fashion hate solved the difficulty like ALEX- ANDER THE GREAT by cutting through the Gordian Knot They have calmly set down, for the most part, the un- improved value of the land at £1 per acre, that being the Government price, and so have fallen upon what the PREMIER calls the prairie value. If this is the sort of information that Ministers require, they need hardly have troubled the farmers with a schedule of conundrums, but might have based their taxation on the prairie valuation, and thus have made the PREMIER consistent in his words and his actions. But, of course, they wanted something else. They longed to get information to show that land, as land, Bhould be specially taxed, but the schedules, if they are ever really studied, will prove how fallacious are their ideas, and how one-sided is the ordinary advocacy of this unimproved value taxation. We think that we can safely say that it will/ if proposed, come to nothing during the present session, because, if for no other reason, of tbe.cbaotic-obaracter of-4-be returns, seut in, some portion of which, the portion due to the genius of Sir P. O. FYSH, bas already been abandoned. But, if the unimproved value business has collapsed, then J. certain c other j things which hang to it will bave to be abandoned also. It ia understood that there is, an intention of re-imposing the Ihcime Tax in some form, as a make-up for the loss on adopting un-i improved value 'taxation, but the case I becomes altogether altered if this form ot taxa'ion icannot be carried. The complete scheme which the PREMIER SVOR good enough-though, -perhaps, rather too self-confident-to promise the colony lost session, is to be a « Hole, totiis, teres, atque rotundus. It .ill hangi together. It is, in fact, we are told, a chain, which is nu stronger than ita weakest link, so that if one is struck, "tenth or ten thou- sandth, break the chain alike." We may offer, then, we hope, a little modest advice, namely, that the PRE- MIER should reconsider his scheme, vitli special leference to the fact that it can..ot be made to work. We know that he is a busy man. Nothing comes amiss to his voracious desire lor work, whether it is the Medi- terranean fly, the codlin moth, Federation, or the sale of plans in the Lands and Works Office. Hu has memoranda for everything, even to inform editora that the ATTORNEY GENEHAL only spoke in a Pickwickian sense when he burst forth on an astoniahtd West Coast. He is elephantine in his work, for he can pick np a pin nnd snve if, or move a great burden and put it on the people's hacks. But, still it Feems desirable that he should look occasionally, if only by «ay of recreation, at the facts One fact is, that the unimproved vnlue assessment has collapsed. That hcing the case, a fact beyond all dispute, n > matter what uiny be said, the question at once arises-Does the colony need any fancy taxation ? We know that there are politicians and other persons «rho have a good conceit of themselves, and propose to put not only the colony but the world to rights ; but let the PREMIER, beware of these. They will lead him astray, and he will be lost in endless mazes in dealing with financial questions, where wilds immeasurable spread seem lengthening as he goes. A plain ques'ion tor plain men is, do we need any experiments. The faddists have a notion that the people are a sort of corpus vile, on which they may exert their ingenuity, hut what ia amusement to them is death to others The other colonies have tried and aie trying experiments, but there is nothing' to show that they are any better off than ourselve«. On tho contrary, the signs and tokens in Victoria, the boasted home of scientific Protection and amateur taxation, point to unemployed difficulties of a very serious character, while the farmers, unconscious of their blessings, cross the border and say a long farewell to the happy land. Even Ne* Zetland, with her endless succession of defunct Acts of Parliament, which stretch out like the ghosts seen by MACBETH to the crack o' doom, fails to at- tract population, even as fast as this little apple orchard. These facts seem to be worth consideration when we begin to talk about new methods of taxation and shifting burdens, aud other favourite fallacies of the faddists. For, the question may be asked," ara we going to do better by a constant tinkering of systems of taxation ' Moreover, it may be enquired whether there is any way in »Inch we can juggle with the ficts, aud by so doititt convert two and two into five, as 'hu currency and taxation faddists believe ? Let the Ministry by all means de- crease taxation whenever it gets the cu'ance, for that is one thing, hut the tinkering with systems of taxation is qui'e another. The le*s we have ol taxation the better, though there are persons who think that a country can' tax itself so as to grow rich, just «s there are others who, believe that it is possible for a country to borrow ils'olf out of deh,t, and eveu PITT and the House of Commons had faith in a sinking-fund that was to extin- guish itself. When Sir' JOSHUA REYNOLDS heard people talk about pictures that they did'not understand " he shifted his trumpet and only, took snuff" ; a highly philosophical method of treating such cattle. The one plain, safe course is, to reduce taxation as much as possible and let things alone. As for the Income Tax, if the PREMIER will but consult his officials, he will learn that it is quite unsuited, for a host of reasons, to this colony. It is a nuisance, a hardship, and practically unequal and unjust, and the PREMIER will do well to let it careftilly alone. We do not believe that it will be passed into law, for which reason it is desirable that what is practicable should be considered rather than fancy schemes which have failure written upon them. There is ample room for the reduction of Customs duties, especially all those duties which fall upon the food of tho people and other articles of general consumption, the price of which has made this colony a by-word throughout , Australasia. Some are kept on because they are said to be protective and yet protect nobody, as may be learned from the fact that after their imposition for years the imports of the articles taxed are larger than ever. For all this the working-classes, th.it is, the industrial classes, pay and pay heavily. Mr. LAMB does not seem to have learned this fact, for he proposes to still tax the people's food, for the benefit of a few, a policy which ho may find that his constituents even do not endorse. The aim of the Govern- ment which has the welfare of the colony at heart should be to sweep sweep away all these duties on neces- saries, so that the workman's wages may bring hira more to consume, and the colony may get the real reputation of being a fine place for the working man. By such a policy all will benefit. The farmer will get more for what he produces than he possibly can under any fallacious and one-sided scheme of Protection, aud general prosperity will conduce to the good of all. But, if Ministers prefer to scheme as of old, then we may look for a continuation of the old state of affairs, and the old complaints of the cost of living. THE description given to the City Council on Monday by the Health Officer of, the .way in which cows ore kept in' thi&'jcity is decidedly very unpleasant readinsr. " We may say,"" we regret, witl*-'a great- deal j¿i conGdence, that the description applies' to' most cities, and that Hobart is not peculiar in this particular respect. Yet, if this is the case, we may well wonder, not'that there is BO much disease', but that "there is so little, for covv- keepere, wh<>*no doubt mean well enough hut do not understand, are giving many chances for obnoxious germs of all sort> to increase and multiply. Milk, of all substances" used Tor" food, is most liable to be tainted by- noxioun fumes.' ' At a recent meeting of an Agricultural Couucil we liad some account of the way in which...cream is kept by local butter-makers, who then Wonder how it is that they cannot get good price«. This description, applied to the* country district«, bat the doings in the city arc: much worse, for they show a state of ighor-, ance or recklessness which is decidedly startling, even.to those who thought that they knew a great dual about tlio milk supply. Such things are .particularly dangerous in these communities, because the British are said to be nearly the only I people who drink raw milk. Cither nations, lor the most part, cook it in some form, j but the British drink the milk raw, and children are fed with it in what may be called its natural state, that is, in the Btate in which it is Bold to the public. According to Carlyle,'a Tartar chief gets up early, has ¿drink of raw mare's milk, wipes out his bowl with the mare's tail, and then gives | the sun pernii&don; to rise. But, he gets his milk fairly pure, for the mare has not been shut up in a noisome stable, or milked on a manure heap, or in the vicinity of stale dropping«. Theio can be no doubt that the Health Officer, who goes about his work in an energetic manner, has opened up a very important subject, one which the Council can' hardly leave where it is. Having the evidence before it, the Council will be bound to see that sanitary condi* tions are observed in renard to so import ant an article of diet as milk, and one so largely used for the food of children, who are so readily susceptible to stomach and bowel complaints. No one can say how much of prevalent disease ian be traced to impure milk, but oidin.try prudence re- quires that all possible causes of infection should be removed as far as is possible. ALL the evidence and the comments of experienced persons point to the fact that the measures taken for the extermination of the Mediterranean Fly are insullicicnt, wanting in the promptness and energy which should be shown in such a serious matter. The issue of regulations seems to satisfy the ofiicialiuind, .is if the pest w as to be frightened by the Government Gazette, and to be made to leticat before the official information that the officials have at last discovered its existence in the colony. Even the regulations themselves, as has been pointed out in .our columns by more than one writer, are not sufficient, (or they do not include all vegetable products which may be infected. The whole question, however, may be said to turn on the mode to be adopted to cope with this evil, not to speak of olliers which come within the same cate- gory. Are regulations sufficient to cause the required work to be done ? The colony has been and is fairly deluged with regula- tions of various kinds, yet the pests are not exterminated, but flourish exceedingly, as may be learned even from the auctioneers' reports of their sales. The important point is-and the sooner the Government faces it the better-whether things are to go on as they have gone year after year, or whether we are wise enough to take a lesson from America, and deal at once ami effectively with the latest pest; even if we are content to let the others flourish as they do and continue to be always with us from year to yeal. To expect that private ' person«,' even though re- gulations are piled on regulations, will do what is leqnired, is, as everybody knows, simply absurd. H ere and there a few energetic persons may be found who will act in an effective manner-and this new nest is the most terul.le that has yet struck alarm intothehe .rts of orchardists but their work will bo rendered useless by the neglect of others, just as happens with the collin moth. It is within the bounds of probability that tlioloughly efficient action at the present time would prevent the further spreod of the Hy, and exter- minate it altogether, but if private action is to be tinsteu, then ive may hear of per- sons being lined for neglect, while the pest will establish itself and get beyond the powei of any ellbrts to eradicate. Fruit- growers in all parts of the colony should look well to this matter, acting on the ancient adage that their interests are concerned when their neighbour's wall is on lire. LOKD CAMUNCTOX, once Governor of Jievv South Wales, has received great praise of late from a number of writers, because he has carried out a system 'of letting small allotments of land^pn, his estate to farm labourers. . .The n plan adopted appears tobe a greafsucoessTon this pai titular estate, but 'it ÏB"touI«J re-' marked that there are certain peculiarities about it which go tq.,£how ,that-it is rather a local success than a( geneial one. The tenants seem to be.jiudet rather strict regulations, they are, too, a chosen class, and they find work on the estate, which enables them to liv e and make the best use of their allotments. The scheine, though very successful and eleni ly of great beiu-ht to the laboureis, hardly seenis.tobe one which helps much the solution of the question as to how the people can be got back", on to the land. In this case, of fcouise, ^ije tenants cannot sell, and so have, one very gieJ-t temptation removed fiom theni, >vlulst they aie, in fact, under a practical superintendence which lias a strong tendency to keep tlicin industrious and sober, , 'l'or example, no public houses are allowed on the estate, and bad ehaiac ters get notice to quit in a very summary manner, so that we have, in fact, an example of what may ]>e called a benevo- lent despotism. The landlord is theie still, he levies what laud-reformers call his tribute, and thus the whole tiling is rather an eyesore to your leformer, who wants the laud for the people, and insists that the Uoveminent ought to give it- to them. In this case, however, tile landlord plays a very important part, and is, no doubt, the seeiet of the success of the experiment. Por, the fact still remains, and is'still some»hat inexplicable, that, there is a tendency to debert the land, not only in Gieat Britain, but in much belauded Fiance, where the sons will not Moik like their fatlieis, but prefer a town life A quite recent letter from the United States states that the e\odns from the land is goinj on there, and that old, settled portions of the country are being deserted. The writer says :-" Farm lands have mci eased as an aggregate simply because of an inciease of acieago, and not because of an appreciation in the * ailie of individual parcels ; indeed, in most of the older States, us in England, farm lands have fallen in price, and m Vermögt, Ne« Hampshire, and Massachusetts, several thousand farms have been abandoned." A fall in the price of land in the face of constant laihvay and road making, and that, too, in the oldest States, is a matter to reflect upon, and means a great deal. THE SAMOAN Dirpicur.TV. - The Premier of New Zealand has cabled, to Sir Edward Braddon stating that in the interests of Austielosia it is thought advis- able that they should urge the Imperial Government to conserve British interests in Samoa. Mr. .Seddon states that if the Tasmanian Premier approves of this being doue, be would suggest a cable being for- ' warded to the Secretary of State through the usual channel. I HOHAIIT Po->r OrFici:.-Representations weie made to the J'lemier soiue time ii"o, suggesting the desirableness of calling for competitive designs for ii new Post and Telegraph OHice for Hobart. Prepiratoiy to giving ellei't to this suggestion, and in order to atloid competitors stiiiie idea of the natme ot the building required, Mr. Bayly hits written to Sydney, asking for plans of the post ollices m that city. AJOCULAUSTATHMENT.-TheAttorney Geueral cvplums that he did state during the couise of a private conversation while on the West Coast, that 1,000 i liles had been thrown oveiliooid from the Royal Arthur, but liad not the slightest idea that publicity would be given to the statement. When on bjard the Royal Arthur some time ago he nuule inquiries with respect to what became of obsolete arms, and merely repeated that conversation in a jocular way. The guns leferred to had not been offered to-the Tasmanian Government, and are never sold to private individuals for fear they might be shipped elsewheie, and used against the British. , THE VAI.UA'TION KÓLL.'-A,meeting of Justites of the QiieeuboroUi;b^listrict was held at the, Police' Office yesterday turi. noon.' Present :-Messrs. James Gregory^ ;¿ctiairmau 'Queenborough Town Board) in* ene chalí1,1 W. A. Guesdon,' W. Ü. Sansom, Js,P.,'iiiid Mr. L. E. Chamber« (Clerk of Petty Sessions). An apology was received 'from Mr. R. D. lAml,JT.P., mr unavoidable abscuce. The Chairman stated that the meeting was called to arrange for the pre- paration of the Queenborough' valuation roll for the current year, and ho suggested that they should appoint an officer of the Town' Board, and also <Jf the Queen- borough Main Road BiYàrd,No.2,to prepare : and submit the roll, which, cou Id then be revised by the local authority, and he o\ "pressed his willingness to assist the pro- posed valuators to the utmost of his jiovver. It was then moved by Mr. Uuesdon, seconded by Mr. San>*»n, and carried .unanimously,-" Tliaf subject to the con- sent of the 'i'ovv n Byard and Main Road Board, the secretaries of the Queenborough Town Board and the Queenborough Mam Road Hoard No. 2 be appointed valuators for the purposes of the Assessment Act, 1898, and that those otucer-fbe" requested to prepare the valuation roll for their respec- tive divisions of the1 Queenborough dis trict." The meeting then adjourned 6¡nc die. BHI-.AM Clui.K Snow.-The annual show w ill take place at Bream Creek to day. The exhibits will comprise farm, garden and dairy produce, hoisesand cows Theiewill also'be a trial of hunters. A coniert will be given in "the evening. iNDifiKBTio.N is Hie criUM) of nine tenths of our bodll) mlinentx, .-luce it produce*) uti kind* of piilni- and »che?, both In mind and boit}. It's chief bj mploms nro Flatulence, Head .elie, pillie about tho btomiich, WCdrincs, dupru-i don of tpliits, con-.tipatlon and the appetite muy be bud, or it may be natural, and thcic may bs a f-rent feollng of hunger dlrocllj nfltr nu. ii«. Sjomotimo» there IB oppression of the orouililng, palpilation of the heart, otc. The beat rumd> In Gouxi/8 DIBKSTIVK POWDER, a Honiujopathic trituration, which seldom full-'. It i*< -old in Bottles at 1/0 : '-! bottle.! for ii, mut may be Dent per post any* , where. II. T. GOULD ft Co., the Homar pathio 1 Phu-roacy, 78, EllsntxjUj-itmi.. Hobart, Sui'HKMi: COURT.-Mr. Justice Mcin- tyre will preside at the sitting of the Supreme Court (?100 jurisdiction) to be held to-day. Tho following cases are set down for hearing :-Browne v. Turfey, claim £10/5/2, for goods sohl and delivered. W. T. Brown fur the plaintitV, and Dob-on, Mitchell & Allport for the defendant. Cheverton v. Mcwilliams, claim £20/1/2, for work and labour «lone. Nicholls and Stops for plaintiff, and Hobson, Mitchell and Allport for defendant. Yesterday was the lirnt day of the first term; but theie was no business down for hearing. The Full Court, however, will sit on Friday. Poi.ici: CHANCIKS.-The Commissioner of Police announces the following transfers and appointments:-Sub-Inspector P. Fin- nigan, fiom Green Ponds to Brighton ; Sub-Inspector J. Item don, fiom Richmond to G leen Ponds ; Coiibtnblc ,1. Waul, Longford to Fingal; Con-table V. Mayson, Fingal to Longford ; Sub-Inspector E. T. Reardon, Coppington to Buckland (reduced to constable) ; Sergt. F. T. Stephenson, lliickland to Coppington {reducen to con- stable) ; Sub - Inspector J. 0. Stewart, Colebroook to Bellerive (reduced to con- stable) ; Constable W. Morris, Devon) ort to Penguin ; Constable A. MacPherson, Penguin to Devonport; Subinspector R. Mitchell, Tunbridge to Bothwell (reduced to constable) ; Constable C. Leslie, Rose- vear to Chudleigh; Constable J. W. Roden, Chudleigh to Rosevears ; Constable W. 11. Stuart, Glarence to Colebrook; Sub Inspector A. Colhoun, Ulverstone to Stanloy ; Sub - Inspector J. H. O'Neil, Stanley to Ulverstone ; Constable J. Matthews, Launceston to Inveresk ; Coi. stable J. Campbell,Inveresk to Launceston; Constable Burton, Forcett to Sorell ; Constable J. H. Treanor, Bothwell to Tunbridge ; Sub - Inspector Clements, to Barrington, new station (reduced to con- stable ; Constable Webb, Green Ponds to Campania ; Constable Gadd, Campania lo Richmond ; Constable Paul, Brighton to Green Ponds ; Constable Jack, Richmond to Brighton. AN Exi'Rr.ssivK' Tutu.-At the City Police Court yesterday afternoon a term with which the Bench expressed them- selves uMÍuimliiir was made use of by a witness. He »aid he told a man vi lio vi as of an inquisitorial turn of mind as to where he was bound, that he wns going over to the " drunkery," referring to a public-house near by. The Police Magis- trate remarked that the term was " ex-, pressive," if nothing else. A NEW TOWN Ri:siur..VT's ALARM.-On Monday night last a well-known cricketer, residing at New Town, was awakened by his wife telling him that "somebody was breaking in." Listening a "moment a sound was heard pf a window in the house being opened. The cricketer, without waiting to dress,' went downstairs, and entering one oí the rooms found the window half open. Looking about he Baw a hand prottuding from the cloth- coveted table, and win now convinced that a burglar was in the house. With little hesitation he unceremoniously "ordered"' the "individual out, when he was addressed by an effemi- nate voice, that of the domestic, who e.x 'plftined that she had been locked ont, being late, and had got in through the wjndovv. Hearing the master of the house 'coining down stairs she hastily hid under the table. The cricketer, no doubt, was nihch . relieved on Unding the supposed burglar so easily overcome. -. OI;TTIN'« AT TUB DisTANCF.,-In cases where "distance" is ot some value to the counsel conducting the prosecution or de- fence, ¡1,110t inlieqnently happens that sopie' witnesses heotitate to give an idea, because they are not good judges. At the Police Court yesterday a witness was asked how ,far it was from the Marine Board office'to thq franklin pier. He said he colild ,not say. The Police Magistrate then asked him in one breath, " Was it! one yard, 20yds., 30yds., 100yds., half, a mile, a mile, thiee mile-', or four miles." "It was about 100ft," re- plied the witness. " That is practically :13yds.," said counsel for the defence. The Police Magistrate ridiculed the asking of how many yards it was after the witness' answer. Perhaps counsel would like to know how many incites the distance was ! HAHVKsr FESTIVAL Stitvici:. - The annual harvest festival service in connec- tion with All Saints' Church was held yes-, telday evening, ,'flie ladies of the parish" laboured diligently in the work of deviat- ing the church, and the walls and pillars of the building were covered with a variety of lloral deigns. A collection of vegetables . was also pioniiiicntly ni ranged, and sheaves of several kinds of grain were placed in different positions. A Communion service ..vas held at 7.30 o'clock in the morning, at which there was a satisfactory number of communicants. The ev eniug ssrvice was well attended. The Rev. S. Bucknell officiated, and announced that offerings would be devoted to the Parish Sunday school Fund, and that the serv ice would Le repeated next Sunday eveniuu. The Rev. J.l Corvan preached a seimon that had special reference to the harvest. He said they had met for two reasons. The hist was to thank God for the bountiful harvest of' the picsent year. In 180S penury had leigued in many country districts. Orchards and homesteads had been de- stroyed ; and even death hail resulted in some instances. The liai vest of the present year was of an entirely dill'eicnt character, and their measure of thankfulness should be gieat and sinceie. They had also met to learn many things about the harvest, and to hear Cod's annual service which Ile produced by means of the hal vest. By the harvest Cod drew their attention to the great consummation of the just at the last day. In conclusion, he reminded them that there were a number of follies which they must all caiefully guard against if the teachings of the harvest service were to be adhered to. A number of appropriate hymns were sung during the evening. GUIKOItCltY UoitTICliLTUltAI. SO ClKi'Y.-The autumn show of the Glen- orchy Horticultural Society will be held to-day in the local Council-chambers and a marquee close by. The show will be opened by the Hon. A. T. Pillinger, Minister of Lands. There are 500 entries. The train aniiiigenients are convenient, and the I faie« are cheap. The display of lloweis will be very good, several large growers, amateur and piofessioiinl, exhibiting. The show of fruit will be above the average. A band has been eng.iged to discourse a lengthy programme of music. CuitrsAxriu.MUM Snow.-The second annual show of the Southern Tasmanian Chrysanthemum Society will be held in the Town-hall on Wednesday next, it is announced that upwards of 1,000 cut blooms xvill be staged. TALL OATS.-A sheaf of oats, grown by Mr. Wagner, of Woodsdale, in the Parattah district, was brought to the office of this jiapor yesterday, which measured 7ft. Gin. in length. It was stated to be the " Scotch Cone, a variety of white oats, and was crown in nice loamy soil, being part of a crop of 30 acres. It would have been more interesting and instructive if the grower had sent fuller particulars, such as showing what was the previous crop on the same laud, how long lie has grown thir variety of oat», in what month did he sow it, w hat manure (if any) was URed, and au on.- The information then.becomes valuable. MusicAL.-^-The time tor entering candia dates for examinations of the Associated Board of thejloyal Academy of Music and Hpyal College of Music, London, w ill expire on May I next. It is to be hoped that advantage will bo taken of these examina- tions of the two greatest college-- of music by all inte-ested in raising the musical standard of Tasmania, and that parents and teachers, will avail themselves of the great advantages to be derived from these examinations, which will give successful candidates a position in the highest nuit s of musical society in any part of the world.' The Senate of the University has just approved of the Council making ar- rangements with the Associated Board for the conduct of examinations in practical subjects in music under terms and condi- tions to be mutually agreed upon between the Council and the Associated Board. CHURCH OF ENGLAND, BAOUAD.-A fair in aid of the building fund of the Church of England at Bagdad will be held to-day in a marquee at the place. The fair will be opened at 1 o'clock by Mrs. Henry Dobson. Cheap railway fares will be charged by the 10.30 train from Hobart. Luncheon can be obtained at the fair. ? . Fon THE Coi.u WBATHKU.-"We have been thinking of everyone of you. We have opened np and marked oil' 300 pairs of Blankets, and we are only waiting your command for a pair. We are prepared to »"Pl'ly you with one from 1/11, 2/11, in fact, up to 35/-for assortment you cannot bent us ; for 12/6 we bold the best valued pair In the citv for double-bed. Also a full range of' White" and Unbleuched | Sheeting, from lOJii. per yard.. Towels and Quilts, Toilet Covers and Diimiisks. Give us u trial. If we do not suit you, do not cull again. And in our Showroom we have everything that one can desire, for the old, the middle-aged, and young ; call and see for yourselves. If it is a Cloak- for grandmother, or a Bonnet for baby, you cannot do better than at PI.AISTHK & Co. Don't forget we have the best dressmaker in Hobart. The People's, Lloyd's-building, only address for cheapness. Ourrmin - YcsU>rdn> morning Mr Richard Propsting one of the oldest resi dents of Hoi ait, and who for i ian» years was a well known public ni ni, died in his 80th jeal, at his residence, M(nDcrn, Patrick street He was for seveial jears Chief District Consliiblo at Gini|bcll iovvn, fiom which place he was tunis ferred to Hobart, where for man\ xears he was at the head of tho Municipal police About 20 \cai8 yo he retired, and MUCO then has hv ed a v ery quiet life Ho leav es three *ous-om a number of the linn of Piupsting & Cockhcacl, another a share broker on the A\ est Co est, and another a farmer at lliun> On lunn u > 2.1 last Mr and Mis Propsting celebrated their golden wedding, thtir marriage having taken plate m this ciU on lunnar\ 2.1, 1829 DeieiLsc I was m the enjoyment of a w eil carnell pension w huh had been granted lum in 1ST!) on Ins retirement from the Hobart Puhce loree 1 hough old in jears, the du cased lad, up to very re ceiitlv, uiaiutiiiued wonderful vitality and intellectual power, mid alwavs mini fested keen interest in all public allans AnT boen-1\ s LMUiiliKiN -lhere wai a large attendance of subscribers to meet \ iscuuntcss Gormanston at a private view of the prcHiitition picture to Lad> Dobson, 1 at the Art "soucty s rooms, >csteidaj after noon In the evening the exhibition was open to the publii, and was a;am well attended bj those who wishe Itotal ealiual view of the pictures, etc , as well as see the presentation piiturc refened to, winch vas the centre of attraction during the day THE CITY BAND. -Last evening the City Band (Signor Bajo conductor), to the number of 30, played a choice selection of music at the residence of their President (Mr. Robert Snowdon), Stanwell hall. They were afterwards entertained at supper. A large number of visitors were present listening to the music with evident enjoyment. A pleasant evening was spent. This evening Mr Snowden enter- tains the Cadet Band. CONCI m vi Bi ow s's liri i r -A com [ nmentai) concert will he given this oven mir at the Beach hall. Brow n's Itiv er, to the Rev. Fnllier Holcliaii, who suffered severely by the bush tires of last year. The s s. Huon w ill leave Hobart for Brown's River at 7 p.m., returning after the concert. St. Mary's Cadet Brass Band will perform on boaid._ , MuNiciPALirr or BOTHWELL-It is intimated by the Municipality of Bothwell that notice of appeal against the local assessment must be given to-day. The assessment roll may be inspected at the Council-chambers, Bothwell, the Post Offices at Apsley and Hollow Tree, and the Church, Shannon. PKMiinoKE KLI.OTIOX.- Mr. W. Perkins, who is one of the .candidates for the vacant seat in the Legislative Council, will address the electors at Coppington-hall to morrow evening. ROAD Disfitiirr" Ei.KCTioss.--Noinin ations for titree vacant seats in the South Ann Road Trust, caused by the retirement by eflluxion of time of Messrs. W. Calvert, li. E. Alomes, and W. T. Calveit, close to-morrowitt 4*p.m. with the chairman, Mr. H, E. Alomes. In the event of a con- test, the election will be held on Saturday next. ii. , J! PoitLlC AVoitKsTKNTjr.lts.-Tenders close at the Public Woiks Department thi_ morning forccrtain road works-Irish Town* road to Gardner's ' Hay, Woodada'e to Kastern Marshes,'îoad loading loMiichin's, Dwyer's, and others ; and »Voolloy's'-road. 