HAMLET. SARAH BERNHARDT^ VIEW. Madame Sarah Bernhardt writes a long fetter In French to the/"Daily Telegraphby way of reply to some of the «ritieisms passed upon her reading: of " Hamlet." Among the points dealt with are the fol- Jowing:— I am reproached, with not being sufficietly astonished; not sufficiently dumbfounded, when I «ee the - ghost. : But Hamlet comes expressly; to see it; he awaits it, and utters these words, "I will ispealrto Jfc tbonsh hell Itself should gape and bid me hold my peace." . These are not the words'of a weak or languid person. When the ghost wants to take him aside, he draws his sword against his friends, and threatens to kill them if they will not let him pass. That does not be speak a ! feeble man. Hamlet dreams when he is alone, but in company, he speaks—speaks to conceal his thoughts-1 am reproached with not being " polijbe enough with Polonius; but' Shakespeare makes Hamlet say all kinds 1 of unpleasant things to him. When Poloniusi says to him, "My honorable lord, I will [most humbly 'take iny leave of you," Hamlet Replies, "You cannot, sir,, take from me anything that I will -more willingly j part withal." Beally, I do not know a |mor« (Cutting or,better merited reply. Ip the Oratory scene I am reproached with going too near the King-/-but if Hamlet wishes to kill the : Kihg, surely he jmust be close to hiin/ And when he heara him prays words of repentance.; he thinkshhat if .he kilft/him he will send hini to jHeaven; and. he does not kill/the Kingi, not becausc he is vacillating and weak; but because-he / is. firm and logical.: Hs wishes to kill' him In a state of sin, not of repentance; for he desires to send him to hell and not to Heaven. Some wish, to see in Hamlet a womanish, hesitating, flighty mind. To me he seems a manly, resolute, but thoughtful being. As soon as Hamlet gathers what is in his father's mind and learns of his murder, he forms the resolution to avenge him; but as he is the opposite of Othello—who acts first and thinks afterwards—Hamlet thinks before be ads, -whlch is the; sign of great strength and great-power of mind. Hamlet loves Ophelia! He renounces his love! He renounces study! He renounces everything—in order to gain his object. And he attains it. He kills the King while in the blackest and most mortal sin; but he kills him only when lid is absolutely sure. When he is sent to England he takes the first opportunity of leaping alone into-an enemy's vessel, and announces his name that he may be made prisoner,; certain that he will be brought back. He calmly sends Rosenerantz and Guildenstem to death. All this bespeaks a young, strong and determined character, When he dreamy it is of life plan—of bis vengeance. If God had not forbidden suicide he would have killed himself in disgust of the world. But since he canot kill himself, he wiM kill! The..ladjr concludes with the statement tbat Shakespeare, by his colossal genius, belongs to the universe, and that a French, a German, or a Russiaxi brain has the right to admire and to understand 