f&SMWBSD; BVBRY WBDNMDAV AVD 8ATOR. PAY ttOMWQ, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, im, WAR INEVITABLE* Amatfiftiit nothing remains left bat to fight out the difference of opinion between Great Britain and the Boers. Both sides have spoken their last words. The stronger power has been loath to bring the negotiations to a close, and mora than usual conoliatori ness has been displayed in the hope that the weaker might realise the folly of allowing war to break out. The Transvaal has been treated like a spoiled and wayward child, the suzerain hoping that with plenty of rope it would see the error of its ways and adopt better courses. But prom ises and forbearance have alike been lost on the Boer leaders; they have clearly resolved to out loose from the suzerain, _ or periBh in the attempt. Nothing is now open for the mother country but to administer the uaual sharp lesson that has to be given to i unruly dependents, and to use her grea? 'sources in enforcing respect for her coum^« ^he necessity is to be regretted, but vu?p® is no middle course. Great as she is Britain cannot afford to be flouted; she must assert herself when her rights are called into question, or vacate the supreme posi tion it has so long been her boast to oocupy. Especially she cannot afford to be flouted in South Africa. If she eleoted to let the Transvaal go, and to give President Kruger and his friends a free hand, she bad better first pack up and quit South Africa. A moral or any other victory for the Boers would now mean the death of British supremacy there. Every chance having been given to the Boers to fall in with the reason able demands made of them, and it being dear that they have only played with the negotiations to gain time to complete their military arrangements, public opinion throughout the world stands behind Great Britain, and urges not onlv that she should strike home a blow in the cause of fair play, but that she should strike' with a heavy hand and bring the war to a speedy close. Indeed the most hopeful feature of the situation is that the Boers are so numerically weak that the conflict is not likely to be of long duration. It is true that they have a sublime confidence in their own prowess, and that they have had great success in the skirmishes they have had in the past both with the natives of Africa and the redcoats. But their confidence is largely born of igno ranoe, and their experiences of war fare will not be of much service to them in a struggle under the newer conditions of fighting. They will find that the old redooats, which formed so good a mark for the rifle, have diu appeared, and their places have been taken by coats as invisible and as ubiquitous as those which oover their own men, and that they can speak as tellingly too. They will have to meet foes who are as ounning under oover as they themselves, and against whom they will not have a ghost of a chance in the open o* if they got abut up in their fortifications. For the sake of the Boerfl them selves we hope the coming war will be sharp and short, It can only have one end, and the sooner that end oomes about the better. Great Britain does not seek glory in the Transvaal She will gladly sheath the sword and allow the people to work out their own destiny in their own way, subject only to the very slender control that she must exercise as the paramount power. It is now probable that the Orange Free State, which has no cause of quarrel with Britain, and has alwayB been considerately dealt with, will be drawn into the coming war. This will not materially affeot the issue, tIndeed it may materially assist the invading force, as the area for attack will be greatly widened, while the defending force will have to be more split up to guard the routes that may be taken by the invaders. The Transvaal, too, oan best be rcached through the Orange Free State. Both states appear to be blindly rushing on their doom, but it may be hoped it is ail for the best. The break up of the Boer tyranny will p« easing ojf a aew m fps South Africa. Boer ascendancy has meant stagnation and suppression in the Transvaal; its downfall will mean fuller progress and prosperity, It has long been recognised that the Trans, ml bas a great future before it, but that future could not be reached with, out enlightened and fair dealing gov eminent, The war will dear away many of the cobwebs. Mons RAW PaRDioiBD.-The eqmnoetia gales are late this year, They, however, seem to have commenced yesterday, when a strong wind, carrying olouds of duat along with it. blew from the westward, Both Sir Charles Todd and Mr, Wragge forecasted rain and storm for the dosing day of this week, whioh is to*day, Yesterday's foreoaat was - "Change to-night, with squally weather, Fresh to strong south-west winds and rain generally over colony," Rain set in last night* 8T0D BULLS »OR THE SOBTH-EAST, -At the sales of stud cattle held in oonneotion with the recent Melbourne show a stud Polled An. Sua bull. Khalifa, was purchased by Mr, A, . Attlwill on behalf of Mr, Magarey for service on the Narracoorte Station, The bull, is a young animal, calved on the 24th of August, 1898) and he gives every rotnise of developing into a fine upstanding east. The sire of Khalifa ia Premier, a well known New Zealand bull, the dam being Vixen, by Lobengula, a noted priae.winner. Mr. Magarey has been using a rolled Angus ' bull in Bis cattle for some time, and the strain has been found oonduoive to raising ffood beef cattle, At the same sale a Here, ford bull named Prime Minister II,, two years old, was purohased on aeoount of Mr. G, Eiddooh, of Koorine. He was bred by Mr. Henry Beattie, the owner of the noted Gisborne-park herd of Herefords, and has a most aristooratio pedigree, his ancestors having been loaded with show honors. His aire, champion Prime Minister, carried all before biin in the Bhow ripe, and the dam, lueenle, possesses even more show honors. The purchase money was 30 guineas. SYMPATHY WITH MADAMS DREYFUS.- At the meeting of the Town Counoil on Wed* neaday nignt last it was resolved, on the proposition of Or. Kelly seconded by Or, Sust&oe;, that the Oouneil should reoordon their minutes a resolution of sympathy with Madame Dreyfus, owing to the treatment her husband has received, POLITICIANS AT MOUNT GAMBIER,-Mr, Foote has received replies from the Oom> tnisBioaer of Publio Works (Hon, J. G, Jenkins), the HonB. G. MaeGregor and W. Euaaell, and Mr. A. H. Peake, accepting the invitation of the Mount Gambier Demo, oratio Booiety to address a publio meeting here on the nigho of October 7 on "Current PolitioB," The Premier, who is to be at Narraooorte on Ootober 6, has also been invited, A STRIDE among the truokers at the Broken Hill Proprietary mine brought the work at the mine to a standstill on Monday. The truckers complained that they were not fairly treated by the oontraotors. The Btrike has now terminated, the company having agreed to abolish the contracts, ana pay the men In, fld, each per day, ACCIDENT,- An employe at the Pioneer Distillery, named Denis O'Brien, was cart- ing some casks of spirits to the railway station on Wednesday, When the load began to shift on the trolly. In trying to save the casks from falling, he himself fell to the ground, and a skid which he had at the back of the trolly to facilitate the removal of the casks fell on his wrist, breaking the bones Dr. Jermyn set the fracture. Tiili Chief Justice will preside at the Circuit Court to be held at Mount Gambier next month, COMMONAOB AT TARPKKNA,-A few weeks ago a petition was presented through Messrs. Morris and Livingston asking that the commonage lands at Tarpeena might be surveyed into homestead blooks. The Com* missioner has replied that about five ohains of the land referred to will be reserved round the township for park lands, and the balance subdivided into a few homestead blooks. ON Tuesday evening an entertainment will j be given in the Christ Churoh sohoolroom, A musical programme will be followed by a farce, AUCTION BALKS,-To-day Messrs, Living, ston & Yates will offer about 60 head of oattle at their yards, and on Monday they will oonduot a sale at Tantanoola, partiou* lars of whioh are advertised. Messrs, Goymour & Co. will offer buggies, saddlers' sundries, &o.;, at the South.Eaatern Basaar to-day, MOUNT GAMBIER LOCAL COURT.-There were three unsatisfied judgment summonses and one defended cause set down for hearing at the sitting of the Looal Court on Thurs day, but the Court-house did not have to be opened, as they were all withdrawn prior to the hour of sitting, " ELFIN " writea- "Will you kindly inform me in your answers to correspondents' column in Saturday's issue whether tall decorations or low are preferable for a table decorated competition." In reply we may state that there is no prevailing fashion in table decoration. Good taste alone is the guide, We would advise a jndioious use of tall and low set flowers. LONDON Woo& SAMS.-At _ the London wool sales, opened on the 19th inst,, another very satisfactory rise was established in the price of wool. Merinos went up from 74 to 10 per cent,, and orossbreds from 10 to 15 per cent. The rise is due to a short supply of wool, BANK CHANGE,-Mr. H, J, Ciezy, who has been connected with the S,, and A, Bank in the colony for about 10 years, several of them as teller In the Mouut Gambier Branch, has resigned his connection with the institution, for the purpose of entering into business on hia own aocount. Mr, E, A. Roper, from the Clare branoh of the Bank, is his Buooessor, A NARROW ESCAPE.-Mr. W. Webster, Mrs. Webster, and Mr. Webster's sister from Portarlington, Viotoria, who were driving in a phaeton along Wehl?street south on Wednesday evening, had a very narrow esoape from being run into by the return train from Millicent, They were driv ing at a trot along the street, and when a lew yards from the railway line Mrs, Webster remarked '*1 believe the train is ooming." Mr. WebBterhad heard no whistle, but when Mrs, WebBter made the remark he Eut the brake hard down and turned the orse sharply round, The horse answered the rein quiokly and turned and stopped within four or five yards of the railway line just as the train went whizzing by. The. narrow esoape was almost unner ving, At that oorner the trains are hid from view by buildings, and cannot be seen by people up or down the street until they are crossing it, The Department employ a woman to wave a white flag of warning aa the train is approaching, On Wednesday ovening, Mr, WebBter says, she was standing on the footpath near the crossing with a lot of children around her, and he did not ob> serve her or a flag. When he stopped hia horse she raised the flag above her head. The narrow escape caused a great shook to both ladies, Mr, Webster has reported the matter to Mr. G, J, Smith, Traiflo Super* intendent, who was at Mount Gambier yes* terday, and it is hoped that a warning whistle will bo given by trains close to the crossings over Bertha and Wehl-atreeta, or some better means of avoiding collisions found than a woman with a flag on the foot* path. If she had been in the middle of the road it would have been betted HERR PKTKRS' ^NTERTAINMBST.-There was a good- audience in the Institute Hall lost night, when Herr Peters gave his enter* tainment In aid of Frew Park, "Wonders wiU never ciase," remarked one of the audience, and the sentiment was accentuated as the master band of Herr Peters touched the everyday articles he introduced into his experiments, With one trick after another he astonished the audience, and after es» plaining matters in the most simple manner* left them as mystified as they were in the first place, Some of his illusions Ilerr Peters gave us on a former visit, but although the outcome was the Barne the process of effecting it was varied, and those who had seen them before watched them again with the keenest in. temt, Others again were new, and as in. eomprehensibls as anyone who went to the entertainment with the idea of being mysti fied oould wish, Songs were given during the evening by looal gentlemen, This after* noon Herr Peters will give a matinee per* for,nance in the Institute, when ahildren will be admitted for 0d" and adults for Is, In the evening he will again hold sway in the Institute, when fresh tricks are promised, MR, PKAKB'# motion in favor of buying back the land given to the University of Adelaide M an endowment so that it might b\i out up for settlement has not yet reaeifad the dividing point, it will be further debated pes* Why get University to out up and let in farms suoh of their land as is fit for alone settlement T 