an — ?'X-U- ' iwiiw imiiiiihw '**Vi'f wur1'— ''?'HT'iTfinrtfi wnr*T'*!T-i i V' *«g*-a33ai.' -i»»r'*.ata=s=j..Li._!-.;'.i.i.m._;i u. ? ? ..?. ??m — ^?rriY-- T*f™*t^tt.iafriiiaii?ai£^ziE3ttmrrjr.-xxxzisX2 Dr.- Foster Make& a. Bet— Combo Follows Tracks, ?'Working on Clues—The Murderer. '?. \ ??'.-.' The Ghost Appears. 4 (CONTINUED.) ?;.:?? (By 'THE OWL.') What Cumbo discovered was tracks. Not ordinary tracks In retail auantltiea. but tracks In bulk. They led round and round tbo tree whoro tho man had been banging, and they led away to tha-.HVor bank, and oft Into tho buah. It looked aa If lmlf tho population of Now South Waleo had boon coucorned In tho tragedy. Cumbo explained to the Clov.-Gen. ana Dr PniBtor how tho mntlpr stood. Ho leaned ui) again an oak sapling .and demon Btratctl tho cane from tho \vaf It appeared to him. Ho pointed tq tho river and to tho tree and then pointed 'to tho ground, and ovory tlmo ho pointed to the Ground it ? flow up and hit him In the head And when ho waa pointing to tho river with hi a right ' toroflnBor he had to hold tho right hand with he left, and tako a Bight, and If you have over seen ix man whtfuo nerves haft ™n shaken up by a sudden fright trying to aim a revolver; that was what Cumbo looked moat like, trying to aim his linger at the river. I remember looking at him. a youth of twelve, and wondering why tho palmn of a niter's hands are always white when the refit of his pelt Is black aa otovo polish, and I remember coming to tho con clusion that u man can Kct sunburnt ^ou most any part of him but the pa ma of Ws handn. I never Baw a man with frecklea on tho palms of hla hands yet. I onco QBked the Gov.-fieneral, my fathor, if ho had. and he Bald: 'No; but In Madagascar there was a tribe when ho waa thoro that bud f re-olden on the tsolea of their feot. Ho ( couldn't account for it. but ho knew it wan a fact.' Tho old man was strong on facto. Doth the Oov.-Clen. and Dr. Frooter wero very excited. They held Cumbo agalnnt the aaplInK to steady him, and tho old man nent a man down to tho river for a couplo of buckets of water, and the doctor poured the' water In a Bclentlfle fashion .along Gumbo's spine. Cumbo jysed nomo dreaa ? ful language— thoro 1h nothing a blsclc . follow hates worse than wator at any tlmo, but. especially on' holidays— but it did not ? sober 'him a bit. ' Bo'D'r. Fronter jumped lnt.o a bUKKy and rulloped tho 'lioiau' hack to hla. ?BiirKcrr, and colled at the publlc-hoiiso for a bottle \- of rofredhmiMH for himself and dad on tho way back. It wan one of the hottest days wo ever hud l!i Bar.flaloo. Tho old man occupied tho time In taking noieo whllo tho doctor wan away, and In doing a llttlo funatour tracking on his own. Ho also ordered all tho sipectatora off tho gro3B, and when they murmured ho intimated that It wrni quite within tho powers veated in htm by Her Majesty's Government to eauso a qualified J.P. to read tho Riot Act, and then fire on such and sundry as proved contw macloui). The old man delivered this legal dictum from a stump with considerable . imprCKHlveiiosa, maklni; flourishes with hla horBO pistol, Into which ho had publicly rammed a whole fhiak of 'threblb F' and a couplo of hnmlfuls of awandrop, and an tlie population around there wore beginning to rocoBiilBO that tho old man acted largely on principle, and the trlggor of tho horso plntol wan full coelc, they went to tho edgo of the tierub and mit on their hcclo, and filled their pipes or chewed straws, ana waited. When r-r. Frostcr returned. Cumbo wan In a heavy ulecp. ,,H«; had hla mouth open a yard and aomo odd 'inched vvldo, and ho ?wtui making little gurgling nolsea of con.' tontment In his neck.' 'Peace' waa written ? .large on. every part ' of him; every part - that was uot occupied by mouth. Tho doctor (tot out of tho buggy with an 'Instrument cane undor one arm and an oleo trlo battery lu tho other hand. lie knelt down on tho grans boaldo Cumbo . and felt bin heart. ' ??' ? 'Wo muat nobcr him, Frontor,' nald tho Oov.-Oen. 'Ho 1b naoontlal to tho worldlier out of thlu enso.' 'I'll sober him, ' /laid tho doctor, grimly, 'or I'll stiffen him.' 'Keep him allvo, doctor, to plvo evi dence,' mild dad, anxlouisly. 'It hail Just occurred to mo that I tjliotild have boon proscnt wlien ho cut tho body down. You ueo, wo havd only that prlHoner'H word that tho body wan hanging at. all, and If any thing happened to Citmho tho lawyeni for tho defence would probably attempt to dis prove Identification.' Wo might have a loi of difficulty In establishing tho fact that U wao tho muno corpse I' '? 'Cumbo'o all right,' replied tho doctor. 'Ho'a dead drunk nuw,,v but I'll have him ntratght In an hour, Til bet you a guinea.' Tho Govcrnor-Ooneral looked at Cumbo. Ho wau oozing alcohol at ovory poro; ana ho formod a magnificent object lesson on tho effeota of ntroiig flrlhk,,; A temporanca -looturcr would have, done well with him an an oxhlblt. ? '- 'Sober him up In an hour I' cried tho Gov.-Gen. 'It's not poanlblo !' , 'Bet you a - 'guinea/.': na|d\ Dr. Frontor. ?'?'.' 'night,' wild tho oltt '.man, . glancing at, hlo watch. ? ''I'll tnkra It.' He entered tho ' tlino In hla pocket-book, Tho doctor looked! . iit hW watch, too, and entered tho tlmo among hlit medical .motnorandu. Tho blackfollow w lying right In tho nun. Dr, Footer drag;g,«t1,\hlm round to tho ? nhadyuldo of the trce^v ' '*'? Vi wan a condition of tho hot that tho doctor had to. do. It nil,' without aualutanco. 'Tho old. man hat under tho trco and ro fi'oohod hlrii'solf, nnd Br, -JTroator took. ': ; Cumbo'o Jacljct off. .'?. ? ' 1 ,1'ho oloctrifi '. , bnttory had not boon unod .for Homo. tlmo, ntid tho'wlroo woro out of order, Tho- doctor carotid when ho din- . '?'? covered' Ui^u; -jbut ho wa« an ,onore-:tld old ohnp, and dohinnlnod.-and howorkod with a vim to ro'alcq tho n.ocoViuary.'.rppairn. And, Hit) old man jsftt,ln tho nhndo ro froBMiuf ftliuflcif. 'rid ^Jttiokllnf;. r Thlnfffi went; wroue' /with ? tho' doctor. In '„?' iho OKcltohiont, ho loHta Ipt of tlmo bofora . v tho niacTilno'Xyna; n^uotCfl. ' ? .?.'?.'?.''i'J'ut^ia1 KO,t, ?'jhon- Helit; at- }ff»i, anil thou put tho ends of the coll under Cumbo o urmplta, and turned tho handle which gene rated tho 'electricity.' It was a good, strong . battery, but tho doctor must havo pumped enough electri city into Cumbo to run a llnotypo machine for a week before that extraordinary nle ger made tho allghlcst response. Then all of a sudden ho 3at ntralght up. and hla mouth ahut with a anap. 'Hero,' cried the doctor, 'tako hold of these.' Ho pressed tho handle!) Into Cumbo'B hands, and the blackfellow's llngcra closed Instinctively on them. HO was in that con dition when a man needs aupport of some kind.' Then the doctor took out a linch-ptn or comethlng which put tho full force of tho galvanic battery into 'play.' and turned tho handlo briskly. Gumbo's bloodshot eyes began to roll, and his anna shook, and bin mouth oponea and chut without sound for a few seconfla, and then ho started to yell. Yell ! NoboOy ever hoard Buch yclla. They were audlblo at Bourke, 140 mlleo away. The reapectablo people at Bourko thought tho publicans had got hold of a weather prophet who had been predicting rain, and were skinning him allvo. Anyono wljhln cooco could boo how badly Cumbo wanted to lot go the handles or that battery, and anyono who has been' thcro knows how Impossible It la to do thlo until tho electricity Is turned off at tho tap. Cumbo got on to his feet uoraohow or another, but tho doctor hung on to him with tho battery until tho fluid was ex-^ haUHtcd, and when thla happened the black tracker waa frothing at tho uioutb, ana otlff an a stool pillar. It wanted ten minutes to tho hour. Dr. Froater whipped out a hypodermic syringe and Injected something into Cumbo's arm, and It brought him round, and ho was aa Bober aa a judge In twenty-live Beconds. The old man put two or throe questions to him for a test, and Cumbo replied co herently, and dad cursed him, and paid! the doctor tho guinea. , * Then they resumed operations In tho-lnT tcrcnta of justice. Cumbo got on to tno' tracks again, sober, nnd followed thorn up and round and about, and flnnlly they toolt Iilm away towards tho town by tho river bank, and dad and Dr. Froster followeil after him, and tho population tormod a pro cession at a rcapectful distance In the rear. I followed, too. The excitement as Cumbo, with his eyes to tho ground, headed up Into the main otreet, waa something terrible. Nobody know at whose houso tho tracka wcro going to stop, but. everybody said that wherever they stopped the murderer waa (jure to bo found. Tho detective inatluct wa3 strong In Eandaloo. Cumbo paused at tho door of Handrigan's hotel and looked round, first at the old man mid then at tho procession In the rear. Then he looked again nt tho old man, ana what ho saw persuaded him that England expoctcd every bluckfellow to do hln duty; oo ho kept tho trull. Away wont Cumbo down tho street with tho town and the authorities after him, and preiicntly he otopped dead at tho door of M'dulnlsu'. Now M'Oulnhis had been a saddler In daya gone by, and report nald that ho could put a ntltch In a bridle an well as any man living when ho waa work- . Ing, but ho had been working only In tho momory of tho oldest resident, How M'Oulnlsa livod nobody know oxactly, ex cept, that ho washod Randrlgan'o buggy ' liomotlmes. But he was alwayn about Hart drlgan'a hotel, and he always scorned to bo more or less drunk and quarrolnoruo. Whoh a utranger of any description, from a swn{{ mnn to a .commercial travollcr, struck Han- ? daloo, Mac fastened to him. If ho couldn't coax tho stranger to shout, ho bullied htm into It, and when he couldn't coax or bully his man ho Gcnorally Invented a schomo that would work. Handrlsran permitted M'Guinlsn to infeat his bar for years for reasons host known to Handrlgan. At rogular Intervals M'Glnnlo went away, promimubly 'poammilnft. At any rato, ho mostly camo brick with a bundle of sklnn, and worried tho town to trade. People who hadn't any use for a small assortment of. Indifferent 'poimum polls bought thorn to placato M1 Quintan, who renpootod nobody, nnd whoso onmlty nobody would willingly oarn. Ho had a tonguo llko a fllo. When Cumbo ntoppod at tho door of tho old sad dlor'a hut auspiclon foil on M'Quinlus with a dull thud. Tho Ciovornor-Gonorul pushed tho door opou and went In. M'Oulnl.'jo, who waa supposed Juat then to be away after moro sklni), wa3 not homo. Tho cornimckn nailed to sapllnga which formod tho aaddlor'n bunk had evidently not boon nlopt on for some days; tho aahou . on t)ho honrth woro vory. cold; ' A tin plato and mug and-knlfo and fork, . unwouiiod, lay on tho pac'klns'-Ooao which oorvod Mac. for a tablo; old' nowspiVpora ., nnd ragB occupied ono corner, and in tho' othor — misplclouB olrcumatanco I— was JVl'QulnlB's' gun. ' ? . Now, If M Oulnlnn had gono 'nosnumlu'R bin gun ought to havo Konn with him 1 Tho flovernor-Gonoral pointed thla fact' out. to Dr. Frontor. ? ? ' Dr, Frontor Bald It was queer, and, an . Idea ulrlklng htm, ho looked up tho cklm noy. . '? Thoro was nothing In 'tho chlmnoy exoopt nootruomo of which foil 'htto tho Dnotor'ii oyeii, and nearly bllndod him;' . The myatory wan doopenlng.. 'It yraa al ready mi doop an thoy generally' &o; An 'do- 'tuctlvo stories. .. :;..' ?'???: . I Tho (lov.-Gun. nat down ' on ? the ?.nagoil-of ,tho, bod, with hla head on hla diijlid, ttiid thought. . . . ' '.-?-. Dr. Froutor1 nat on tho pucklng-easo, ah ntructudly ucratchlng t'ho back of hln homl ?with tho fork, and thought. Cumbo, nno Ing hln prlnclpahi absorbiul, 'edged to tho .door i»\d anoukod outnHe, whero till Ban dnloo lmmortlatiily fornieil: lt«oU l|-lo n boily- iTunrd, ('J-d niicoilod him to Ihn i»»b. to upo^tilato In ntttlioiitU: latest odltlomi. Tho fjulot of M'Guinlsa' wan unbroken. Two ijreat lulndo wero eoncoutratod upon tho elucidation of a gory myMery, A upsoUlod llKard canto down tho chim ney, and. leaving hln track In tho ashes, ran half-way acroou Uio floor, and, becom ing Awaro of oompanyj atoppod, pimtluK aud ivlnking his wicked llttlo oyea. Dad — atlll In rovorlo — folt In hla pookot and found the flaalc Ho' took a drink me chanically, and handed It to tho Doctor, who nccoptod and did tho oaiuo— mechani- cally. Not a word was spoken on either sldo — those two great crime Inyostlff&tora; under stood ono another. Words woro unnocoa sary. At last dad looked up. ''',?'? 'I have It,' ho aald. ' ' 'So have I,' replied Dr. Frouter. 'Whafs your theory T' osko'd dad. 'That M'Gulnisa la tho itfurdoror .''' said tho Doctor. 'It'B as plain as Cdy.' 'You are wrong,' cried. tho, Old' Man. 'I bt'i; to differ,' cxclalmod Dr. Froator. 'So do I,' oald dad. ', ' 'What'a youra V' aakod the Doctor. 'Whisky and so — ^1 moajt H'Gulnltia has been murdored 1 I' 'M'Uulnlea ! M'Guinlsa murdered ! Where'e tho body 1' 'I don't know.' 'Where's the proof 7' 'I can't aay.' ''And ' whoso la tho corpse. jve havo la Btock 7' ? 'I don't know.' 'And who killed him ?' 'I can't say.' 'Thon what tho dovll do you know or can you. aay ?' exclalmod tho Doctor, an grily. 'How do you roach your couclu ulons 7' . 'By clairvoyance,' roplled dad. 'Rubbish,' sold Dr. Froacer. 'Wo will soo,' said dad, In a volco of tho doopest Importance. 'Dnuinud ruWjish '.' cried tho Doctor. 'I am aatlsfled that my 'theory Is cor rect,' aald tho Old Man. 'M'Gulnlsa Is tho victim of a gang of assassins.' 'Bosh I' suld tho Doctor. 'M'Guinlsa la a rod-handed criminal awaiting capture.' 'Well, In that caao,' cried ray fathor, ? bringing forward a now lino of argument, 'What about the prisoner wo arrested thlo morning 1' 'Ah !' oxclalmed tho Doctor, taken back. 'I nover thought of him.' 'Neither have I,' said tho Gov.-Gen. 'Ho hasn't had anything to cat or drink all day. I inuat scq that he Is fed some time to- nteht.' .. 'Crlcklowood,' remarkod tho Doctor, ro Huming tho scratching process with tho fork, 'this Is a very eomplloatod enso.' ?. .'li'onaarkably so!' riald dad. 'Thero Is . prrfbribly nothing llko It In tho crlralual «imal,Tof the colony.' ? ' . 'If bohovca ua,' continued tho Doctor, 'as the only rpproBiintatlvea of law and ordor within a hundred and forty rnllos, to sea;that Juatioo la dono, and to koop tho peace.' 'Froator, your hand !' exclaimed tho Old Man. 'You aro tho right man In tho right place:'-. 'Thank you,' ropllod Dr. Frostor. 'I am Intensely flattered. You havo a diffi cult duty to perform, and you aro just tho man to do It. You can depond upon mo I' 'We'll tako a llttlo drop,' aald tho Gov. Geu.' : 'Thoy took It. Thoy had taken a good fow llttlo dropa before now, but tho lost llttlo dropu seemed to go to tholr hoads. 'Now, Crlcklowood,' aald tho Doctor, about half an hour later, who wna aa tona clous mi my futhor, 'I think you will — hlo —3fto,', If you look Into this matter care fully, In aplto of tho sunplcloua circum stances surrounding our prlsonor In tho colls, that all tho uvldonco goes to show that M'Gulnlsa has boon murdored ! It's as plain as day. What's— hlc— youra ?' 'Whisky and sho — Iilc — ' said the Old Man. '1 mean M'Gululos is tho mur doror ! 1 I' It had been a vory varm morning, and, although tho sun was long pnst uoon, tho moi'oury ntlll Btood at an Alplno altHudo. Hoat nnd, hard work aro responsible for many things bosldoa great changes ot opinion. '* 'I1 dispute your theory 'In loto, Crlcklo ?v/ood,' cried tho Doctor. 'All tho— hlc — ovldonco Is against H. Everythlug polntH to tho— hlo — opposite' 'Maybo aho, may bo — hlc — aho,' ropllod tho 0\d Man. 'It's n most — hlc — compli- cated case— havo another — hie — nip, Frosh tor— riiiont oompll — hlc — cated cane, but If it's to be— hlc— unravelled, I consider wo aro Juiit persons to do It — hlc.' 'ID:i — hlo — znotly,' roplled tho Doctor. 'Junh porahons do It.' Ho ronumed tho ncratchlng procona with tho fork, and tho Old Man roturnod to hln seat, on, the edge of tho bunk, and thought with Ills oyofl cloHod. Tho Doctor'u hoad fell forward on hln breast, and tho fork slipped out of hla fln gora and «lld noliiolonsly to tho floor. Tho Gov.-Gon.'n lower lip (hung down, ^ nnd 'hla hoad came forward on hln b roast a couplo of times, nnd thon went back against tho wall and ntayod thoro. Afjivln thoalle-noo wan unbroken, nnd tho lizard,, taking courage at tho cmlot room, onmo down tho chimney onco moro and advanood furtlvoly across tho floor a foot at a lilmo, and no cronnod tho room nnd dlu rtppoarod in a crack betwoon tho ulahn. A dlotivnt hum of voices was borne across ? ? on tho «tlll, hot air from .HandrlKan'o, whoro- Cumbo waa holding forth to a crowded bnr. A daring urchin ran up tho ntreot to ?vvftrdaM'tlulnlas' but halted a good fow yair'dn from tho clouod dooh, behind which authority. In tho popular mind wan unra volllng tha tangled web of crlmo, and . walked back again with hla. hoad oVor his ahouldor. The nun not, rod and bloody, and iilght gradually foil. Tho full moon nhowod hor nwollon dlno nt tho horiKon, and climbed up over tho otljro, growing smaller and whiter as situ roao. Tho door ot tho hut facing tho east wnn ullghtly 'a]fip, . nrid a broad boll of moou llght catno' In nnd Illuminated 'dnfl'ti rod faco. wiioro .ho nat, still deop In thought, ., jvlth hl[i, Head agalmit tho. wall. UttlQ'by'liltlo this belt of light wldonod, tho d/)or u'tunkod on its htuges, and tho Doctoi' iind'dad .woke at the name moment. A fl)|iiro stood In tho doorway, all gray and quiet In 'the moon I 'Jewhllllklnn ' exclalmod Dr. Froiitoi*. 'M'Oulnliis !' ' ' ' ? ' ? 1 'floralruth !' oxolalmod dad. 'M'fhil- n'lsii' uhoiil 1 I' ' . (To bo Continued.) 