THE NOVELIST. (COPYIntiirt.) IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE, \- 61 AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER I. BT. COLUtMD' COVE. Within a dozen miles of Land's End, wheretho grotesque and imperishable rooks of the "Shark's Fin" and " The Armed Knight" leave the wild surges of the At. lantic, is situated the ancient hamlet of St. Columb's Cove. The place is wild and picturesque in the extreme. The ceaseless billows of the ocean rolling across from the shores of America have in. dented tile granite rocks which faced them into strange and uncouth shapeils. Hollows and caves have been worn by the erosive action of ages, andl at times when the sea *;?".las~'ed to fury it howled and shrieked amongst them in doleful and appalling accents. The little cove was hollowed out of a soft stratum in the iron.bound coast, and within it small craft could find shelter. Looking from its cliffs on h fine day the dim outlines of the Scilly Islands away to soth.west could he discerned, and lying between was the fabled submerged land of Lyonesee, over which King Arthur, of Round Table fame, and his knights used to hunt, There was not a spot in the whele locality that was not associated with strange and weird legends, Over at yonder black cliff was the dreaded place where the spectre of St. Columb's made its ominous appearance as a herald of evil to the little settlement, This portentous visitation took thl form of a phantom ship, black and squareorigged, followed by a shadowy boat, the whole being of unearthly aspect and worked by no human hands. When the mists rose seawards over the calm ocean about nightfall the spectre ship was seen to glide silently towards the dark beetling cliff, and apparently sail right into it, disappearing as mysteriously as it had come. The apparition boded woe to Columb hamlet, and th. primitive residents, almost secluaed from' the busy world and super. etitious to the last degree, placed implicit faith in the legend. Of all peoples on the earth those of Corn, wall are perhaps the most superstitious, and attach supernatural reasons to most com. monplaco events. From King Arthur's time down to the latter end of the nineteenth century innu merable are the legends associated with .Cornwall, and St. Columb's Cove was in the very heart of.the mystic district. To the north the coast town of Tintagell ? r-,? 4?-? ?. -.1, to-nP-.rtlhn do-,.alakeA. ) held. The famous bells of Tintagell, with the weird romance attached to them, are still heard by credulous people chiming on occasions beneath the ocean. Indeed, eminent a men have. heard the strange sounds as of bells chiming, but science now attributes the booming noise to other and natural causes, Close by the town is the salte of the battle field where King Arthur met his death. Nearer to St. Oolumb is the celobrated morass which it was part of the doe m of khe wicked Tregeagal to drain, and within half a mile of the Cove hamlet were seve. ral strango granite rocks on an open moor. Of course a legend is attached to them, and it is at the expense of a worthy man of former times, named St. Just. This worthy ntan dwelt at the western side of the Promontory, and on tile eastern side lived another good man called St. Keverne, whose name is still famous in Cornwall, St. Just once paid his brother in right. eouscness a visit, but on his leaving St. Keverno missed some of his property. Waxing wroth-for even saints hankered after earthly riches-he pursued hits lnto visitor, carrying with him from the coast a few granite rocks of about a ton weight each. He overtook him near St. Columb, A colossal fight ensued and the rocks were used as missiles with such effect that St, Just was glad to disgorge the stolen pro. perty. * Such is the given reason assigned by the Cornish people for the presence on the moor of the strange rocks, and it is simply stated as a sample of the supernatural reasons to explain very natural circum. stances. From time immemorial the hamlet of St, Colomb had been supported by mining. Up to the year 1819 its output of tin had been considerable, but after that date the yield had gradually fallen off until in 1868, the year this story opens, it could scarcely he called a mining district longer. Throughout Cornwall the staniferous areas had become less, but the working of other mlnerals had taken their place. Coal and iron were being substituted for tin and copper, and it was simply a change in the mineral, that mado no aloration save for the better in the progress of the die. trict. With St, Columb's Cove, however, it was diterent. ' Tin wasthe only mineral in the neigh. bourhood that had been found profitable to work,and once that Innustry bdcamce ex. tinct there was nothing else to take its plaice. S: The locality wan not fit for either agrioul. tural or pastoral pursuite. The coast.lino was sterile and desolate, and the salt spray of the Atlantic, which in rough weather swept far inland, precluded the growth of vegetation, save that of a mcarine chtaracter. The fens and moors at tile back of tihe Ihamlet were almost as unsuitable for agrl. cultura, and nothing of a remunerative nature could be won from the earth by that industry. As a fishing village the cove waso also un. suitable. : 'The long wash of the ocean which beat Supon the coast with terrilic violence whien. ever a slight storim irose reudeired fishing as a pIursultout of the qulestior in that par. tlcilar spot, The cove offered fiew advantagus its that rrseict, anl as therm were other parts not far distant which gave good shelter fishing rmanks sought them, So treacherous was the coast that a vessel driven near it was inevitabiy doomed to destruction. It was caught in powerful cur rents when far off and sucked in to disaster and death. In former times the reputation of the coast was extremely evil. It was ever, said as a matter beyond dis pute that the inmates of a monastery which was built near tile Black Clii, and could be seen a long distance to seaward, were in the habit of hanging a lantern out at night to entice voyagers to destruction. The good monks of course maintained that the lamp was hung out as a signal of danger to keep mariners away. That might be, but there could bo no disputing the fact that the religious brothers claimed and re. ceived their full share of the wreckage that was plundered from the ill-fated vessels lured on the rocks. In latter days without the hanging out of false lights the wrecks on the coast were numerous and disastrous enough to satisfy any lover of the sensa tioenl. Of course the inevitable legend was asao clated with such disasters. On stormy evenings a woman's shrieks were said to be olten heard coming from seawards, and some few favoured indivi. duals with powerful imaginations had even caight a glimpse of a female form floating along in the mist and calling forsuccor. This was supposed to be the ghost of a woman who long ago had boon the only person saved from a terrible wreck. Her husband and family had all been swallowed up in the furious sea when tihe ship drove on tihe rocks, and she, caught by a huge wave had been thrown into a cleft of lock, whore she was found unconscious by a party of wreckers. Instead of dropping her back into the sea they had saved her, but it was soon found that her reason had been shattered by the awful experience of the calamitous night. Wlhcn she was able to get about she used to spend her time wandering along the beetling rocks and everyone pitied her sad case. One evening when a storm was lashing the ocean against the cliffs she disappeared, but a miner making his way home aad seen her end. 1 lie had watched her go to the edge of the Black Clil and gaze, apparently fascinated, into the tumbling billows below. Suddenly she precipitated herself from the Oliff and disappeared for ever. As her body was not washed ashore and she had a mystery attached to her and the vessel In which she was lost, the usual legend grew around the event. It thus happened that in 1805 through the decline 6b the staple mining industry that the residents were fewer than in former times, The remainder still clung tenaciously to the remnant of the mining work which re. mained. Centuries before the place had been famous for its output of tin. .It was at the Cove so many historians said that the old Phmnicians first landed in search of minerals, and long belore the time of Julius Cmsar the precious metals and the baser ones also had been worked from their "-IfA fi"t TIdltflE?tfeat'uoO ra- -roUnu-to remains of ancient workings. These had been abandoned long anterior to the local records, but from the extensive ruins they must have contained immense deposits of ore. In several places shafts of profound depth existed that had not been touchod for con. turies. At what period or by what people they had been excavated no one could tell. It was honestly regarded as beyond dis pute that for twenty centuries mining had been carried on in the vicinity of St. Columb's Cove, and romantic stories were current of the fabulous riches that bad been won from the earth there. If B, Raleigh had lived a thousand years\ before lie did there would nave been no occasion-bad half the stories been true for him to seek the El Dorado in the mys. terious recesses of a new world. In the Land's End he would have found' the wealth for which le pined. iven in the sixteenth century the bulk of the riches bad been taken from the place, and as time rolled on the patient but per. siatent miner still further diminished the treasure which lay buried in the earth. In the year 1805 the glory of St. Co. lumb's Cove had disappeared, or was but a memory of the past so far as its mineral wealth was concerned, and in the whole district there was but one mine which was still worked. This was called the " W\heal Merlin," and the site was supposed to have been pointed out as a prolituble one to work by the lamous enchanter of that name. This mine was In 1868 owned by one John Trenoweth, and it had boon in the same family for generations. CHAPTER II, TIIB TBBNOWETH'S. Almost as old as the hamlet of BS. Columb itself was the Trenoweth family." Tradition set them down as being of memorable antiquity, but whether the an. cestors of John Trecnowethl traded with the Phcmnlicins, or whether a later generation litted out a ship and fought with Drake against the Spanish Armad,c is of little con eerU to this story. There was little doubt that the family was ol ancient lineage, and it was also certain that the " Wheal IMerlin " had been owned anmdworked by the Trenowetbs for many generations. John Trenoweth knew this to his cost, for in the year 1830, when his father died anu left him it as his only possession, he founa that the living to be obtained from it was likely to be a precarious one. He was only eighteen years of age at his father's death and that event left him an orphan, Iris mother having died several years previously. Like all his prcdcccessur he Ihad no thought of leaving the old spot, but at once settled down to the lot which had apparently been destined for him. HE was thirty.live when he married Mary Treloar, a girl of the village whom he lad known since bchildhood, and the result ofl the union was one child, who was named Edward, after his grandfather. John Treouowoth was a manof greater on. terprise in the working of the mine than any of hiis predecessors. The spirit of the nineteenth century was strong within him, and the rude and prilc. tive metihcds of working whlch lohad been in use for centlries at the mine were soon dia. carded. The lode ran to a great depth and tihe shalt was deepened considerably so that it could be worked more advantageously. Tihe mouth of the main shaft was not more than a couple of hundred yards from the cliffs on the ocean beach, and hitherto the utmost precautions had been taken in working towards the west. A safe distance had been left between the furthest drive leading that way and the sea, for the miners had no desire to be in terfered with by leakages from the At. lantic. John Trenoweth was more venturesome. With the shaft one hundred and twenty feet deeper than it had hitherto been he concluded that there would not be the least danger in driving beneath the ocean bed if necessary. This would give about one hun. drea and fifty feet of ground overhead if the drive were continued from the lowest level west, and the most experienced miners in the district considered with Trenoweth that westerly working under such circum stances was perfectly safe. After consultation with the miners they expressed their perfect willingness to start a lower drive to the west and follow the rich ore that was to be obtained in that line. Trenoweth wae soon rewarded for his en terpriae by the increased yield of the " Wheal Merlin," and it almost seemed as if the ancient grandeur of the family! was about to be renewed. The turn of luck did not, however, last long, for the ore turned out to be patchy and realised no more than a fair living for the owner after all expenses were paid. Year followed year, and slowly but surely the underground workings of the mine be came more extensive towards the west. In fact in the year 1800 the whole of the operationa were carried on in that side of the historic mine, The generations of miners who had lived, delved, and died at the mine, had com pletely worked it out in every other place save the one they were afraid to exploit, antd consequently John Trenoweth was forced to confine himself to tao west or abandon the place altogether, He had reason to be satisfied with the in heritance left him, for it was turning out fairly well with his improved working, and. so it went on till the latter part of 1865, whenan event occurred which completely changed the for tunes of the Trenoweths. Before narrating this Edward Trenoweth must be referred to, The reader has already been informed that the marriage of John Trenowetfi with Mary'Treloar resulted in the birth of'a son, who was christened Edward, This son was born in 1817 and grew up a vigorous youth. His parents had a notion of placing him in one of the liberal professions, and in pursuance of that idea sent him to Eton to be educated. It was the first time that a Trenoweth of St. Columb had ever been sent out of the hamlet to be educated, and old people shook their heads in bodeful an ticipation of what the result would be. It seemed like breaking the custom hallowed by centuries of observance and the 'wise acres of the village concluded that Edward Trenoweth was destined to break the long period of family isolation which had shut .nut.tha.rana.er'aai.li.world'beyond the die. It mush be said that Eward Trenoweth himself did not fall In cheerfully with the exile from his native village, and he made no secret of his repugnanoe to life at Eton. A wild strain was inbred. The youth loved the lonely grandeur of the storm-tossed Cornish coast, and to him St. Coiumb's Cove was the one place on earth, 'He had a further reason for this love of the hamlet, for he had given his boyish heart to a maiden of the place, and that made the enforced separation from home all the more intolerable. The girl's nims was Inez Jasper, and her history was a strange one. She was in fact a waif of the sea, One wild night in November, 1841, sig. nals of distress were observed risihg to sea. ward and the few inhabitants of the Cove gathered on the beach to give what help they could. This was very little indeed. The few old boatseof the fishermen were utterly useless in such a storm outside the cove. ? , The hardy men of the place well knew that it would be suicidal madness to put out to where they could see a great ship drifting on to the rocks. The Cove had probably been sighted by those on board the ship during the after noon and as a last hope they had made towards it. They must have been strangers to the coast to have done so, for to a vessel of such tonnage the Cove was practically inacces sible. The spectre lady had been seen to walk the night previous, so some of the supersti tious villagers said. This legend had been whispered from one to another until it was believed, and as they gathered on the beach with the salt spray lashing in their faces from the half shel tered Cove they had no hope that the ship would live through the storm. They seemed in fact to look upon t as a matter of course that the ship was doomed. 'ho few boats were manned at nightfall, and the men rowed out to the entrance of the Cove, beyond which they dared not go. From the course the ship was driving it was expected she would strike near the on trance of the little bay and all the men could do would be to lend a hand in saving any possible survivors. A few persons took their stand on the jutting cliffs on either side of the Oove with ropes to throw to any clinging waif that might be dashed up by the waves on the lower ledge of rocks. As the people expected the unknown vesa sel drifted almost into the entrance of the Cove. Ifad she come fairly In many lives would loubtless have been saved, but it was not fated to be. A treacheerous current seized ad bore hler right under the Blask liff where no lihuman help could avail, liHugo fires had boon lighted at the spot iurediatoly it was seen the ship waus going to strike there, and all night lthe villagers peered into the siethilg ocean by them tend the fitful light in search of a possible sur. vivor. Not one was saved by theom, and when murning dawned nothing but wreckage itrowed tihe coast, whilst Ihre and tltere a ghastly battered corpse was to he seen. Thougih the people oui tire cliff hul not ticcecdedt irn nivlrng I single souil, nl olf slrehrman nrmed Michael J.>spcr hla hbeed mor fortunate. \ Enrly in the night lie had put out to the mnuth of thIe Cove in ompany with his thres nons.--7'o de Cotinuitedr, s W F 