BULLI AND WOONONA BUDGET, I It may not be an interesting item of newt, I Mr. Editor, but, to be strictly truthful, lam ? compelled to observe that there lias been I some rain in this poriion^of Illawarri. I 'Some' baing im ucdutermined quantity I and, to me, at ihe present moment, a fint- I elass oonundrum, I may be excused from ? going into details as to how often and I when. I * * * ? What a happy-go-lucky sort of place an unincorporated town ia. Such frtodom of aotion. Such an entire' disregard of any thing whioh others regard. Such callousness , to the public interest. Such an acuta eruptii n of bumbledom. Such an fihibi bition of anything except a- recognition of mu'ual rights. To elucidate : The mini road is under repair, cotis''quentlj', but not necessarily, the contractors deposit stones and huge mounds of blinding material on the sidewalks, which, though in reality goat-tracks, are still recognised as footpath'. No lights are exposed on theije formidable snaps.' whioh onlv reveal their whereabouts when some homeward-bound- citizen gropes round to find out if-Jie struck anything, or if anything struck him. : ^ ; Would such a state of things be tolerated in Wollongong ?. No, sir, ' not . while an alderman drew the breath of .life, bim the council a hanking account orao ovordrsftlo get at. But they.not only exist, but are tolerated, in Bullirand Woononi, Andtba public voice is as silent over'the matter -' an orphan curlew, '.for there is evidently no appeal to Cavar, his Ghost, or any owst decayed celebrity. There's the police, uue, for wo are under the Towns Police ac , whatever that means. The prudent will, however, say little to the polic'i just rub his shins and pick up tlieftagmcn of his property, else, spenking his t more or leas plain English, he gets lOso \- ; * ? # In one glaring instance, however, 'j® publio voice has spoken, and intends . speak, until it provokes the Departments donkey to speak - likewise. I refer to tne deviation at Charlesworth s Hill, which c be seen just now at its beat, 'ihe eraae 1 in something, 1 ' in anything. That fact doesn't coii'corn the man with his C('80,1° trap stuck fast in a quagmire up to tn» axles. For this is what is happening. there is a blight or silver lining to every cloud, be that cloud of mud or something less tangible. It isn't hnrd just now witn the federal campaign on to seize hold oi member of Parliament, take him fora drite and deposit him as gently °V^OITt!!,C?h will permit into tho middle of Oharleswortn Hill muddle. By the time the representa tive of a free and enlightened people nai realised that thia is the nineteenth century, and that thore is no pub nearer Wi«n Woonono, he will, no doubt, bo quit prepared to wy something original UUtylWa i .. ? ? * , The Federal cause is looking up and the members' roll increasing daily. The league it doins its own financing In a manner which would bring a bluBh to the oheek . of a re constructed bank direotor. It .' treafa its BpotkerB hospitably; gives them the eho'ce of roast, boiled and grilled, and the sampling of any favorite br&nda; of guzzl*. It takes them drives, BDd shows thorn the ^ land, and In divers ways renders thuir visit lomething to bo pleased oyer, and— pro- bably forget all about the next day. Still it'asooial, it's proper, and it's moreover just. * * * A meeting of tho branoh league waa held on Wednesday nigl t, when it was deoided that if the rest of 'oronora doesn't wako up of its own acco kick over the flesh pota of vsin imaginings and luxurious apathy, the league nil) shake things up on 1 its own and blow the expense. Its a good ... suggestion and one which all true Fede ralists will join with me in wishing may aisnme something moro tangible than mere , ingestions. Balgownie, Oorrimal, Bel ' Iambi, Eeiraville and Clifton have bad no opportunity so far of arriving at an intelli ' gent docision regarding the Bill. ' No mail can nntii ha has heard both sides. # * ? * ' ? ? What would the miners think, of the chairman of their lodge if ho declined to besror allow tho meeting-.to hear arguments pro and con on some mitter of deep Import ance to the members. Would the latter ' permit.such a oourse to be carried out ? Not- much! So with' Federation. Mr. ^ichplspn has spoken, and in the minds of. many that . is the Alpha acid Omega of the ? maltor. Is it? Not while the Bulli and ? Woonona branch of the United Federal .League exists. If these outer districts can not organise and sesnre speakers for them . selves,' then the league, respedfully, but firmly, says: ' Gentlemen, we will provide the speakers if you will furnish them with , . ears to Bpeak into.' It has been decided not to offer the Woo nona— I can't honestly say 'Bulli' and ' Woonona — School of Arts for sale, but to mortgage, it, and with the proceeds of the pawn put new patches on to ? an old and threadbare garment. Senti ment and localism hiB conquered in this case; so the institution will remain while, probably as before,' the publio which it is supposed could benefit will pass by on the other side. * * * The Salvation Army has squatted dowji a?aln, having probably come to the conclu sion that the fountain head of all 'sin has ' bean off the collar long enough, The barracks are in the old place adjoining a temperance boarding-house, a fact no doabt tending to an iocrease of business for the latter. The captain and lieutenant iiPthis case are women. The rank and file are irregulars. .* * * ? A- shooting squad from the civilian rifles will visit Eiaina next Wednesday for the distinct purpose of taking that windy locality down. Some good shots are going, likewiin some medium, with one or two dead ' outers.' I hare been invited to go and shoot, but on the distinct understanding that I see only one target at a time and, circum stances boing favorable, hit . it or the next nearest thing to it. This, I consider, only a fair qualification for competency to shoot, and a reasonable guarantee that' the coroner C9H go' fishing. * * ? , ? I had a long chat with Mr. Henry Oope ls'nd, M.P., a farmer Minister for Lands, on Tuesday night, and Bounded bind as to ' t&e; possibility of a future address and also ' his opinion as to the fate of tlie Bill. The answer of the sturdy old politician wns ' characteristic : ' With a sweeping majority,' Mijhow, be ought to be .well ablb to form an opinion, # # The name of ' Thomas Kelly' was called out at the Polioe Ocurt on Wednesday the itatutory three timui, but there was no one handy who Beemed llling to own up to the 'monniker,' Thomas, in fact, was 'wanted'; it is likewise felt that' he will , have to: remain ' wanting.' Should he ever condoscend to turn up he - will 'fill a long-felt- want' to a nicety. # . * . P.S.— I will let you know in my next what additional weather (if any) there is. The present downpour runs into points. It's safe to Bay, however : ' Ah we go to press there were signs of more weather at -Bulli.' 