THE RED-HEADED MAN; liY FE UGO'S HUMS, I Author o£ the " Mystery of a Hansom Cab," " The Clock Struck One,j|' " Thc Masquerade Mystery," " The IUtnbow Feather," ta:. CHAPTER XXII. I THE LOCKET. THE information waa so unexpected , and terrible that Frank felt tb« blood leave his cheeks. Pale as a ghost, he rose from his chair, and looked at Donna Maria with dilated eyes. From her confession he fan- cied that she must be implicated in the double crime ; and a feeling of terror seized him at the idea of thc woman he loved having brought herself within reach of the law. Donna Maria saw his expression, and with the swift instinct of her aux guessed his thoughts. With a haughty gesture, she flung back her head, anti her eyes sparkled like stars on a frosty night as she spoke to him. " Oh, don't think I have done any- thing wrong," she cried defiantly. " What 1 did was at tho request of my uncl«. Sit down, Mr. Darrel, and I'll tull you the story in detail." She pointed to his chair with a regal gesture, and when he resumed his seat faced him with a wonder- fully composed look. She began ber confession-as it may be called -tamely enough ; but as the story became more dramatic she warmed to her work, and finished with all the Uro and fury and gesticulation of her Southern nature. Frank, sympathising with her quick spirit, waa enthralled by her beauty, moved by her eloquence, and felt that here was a woman to die fer. " When my uncle took leave of us hero to go to Italy," she said, "he called me into his study, and after asking me not to to reveal what he was about to tell me, made a con- fession. That I reveal it now is to save an innocent man from arrest." " True enough, Miss Sandoval. But the confession ?" "Was that when in Lima 10 years ago-at which time he married my aunt-he had become entangled with a certain association called -" " Tho Peruvian Patriots," inter- rupted Frank. " I know all about that society and its green mummies. Go on, please." " Well, Mr. Grent was bound in some way-I don't know how-to assist this society, under penalty ot death. He married, and came to England, and thought he would hear no more about the matter. But this year, Captain Manuel, with that £10,000 which belonged to the Peruvian Patriots, came to London and called to see my uncle. In his I hands,af ter reminding him of his con- nection with the society-Manuel placed the money, and told him tolook after it. My uncle did so, and kept it in this house. A week before his murder he found on his table a Green Image." " Ah ! A Green Mummy-the sign of death.'1 " Precisely ; and with it a letter stating that the money was to be paid over to another member of the society,calledCenta,a man whommy uncle had never seen. Failing this the lotter declared, Mr. Grent wonld be killed. Now," oontinned Maria, "my uncle was so terrified at the thought of being secretly assas- sinated-for he knew the power and recklessness of tho society-that he resolved to obey this letter." " How did ho know that 'he letter was authentic ?" " By the Green Image. Only members of the Peruvian Patriots possess these tomb images, and they aro not obtainable in England, or, for tho matter of that, in Peru either." " H'm ! I suppose he was right to believe in the letter ? Well, so he resolved to obey it, and hand the money over to this mysterious Conta ?" "Yes, but ho wished to do so without letting Mauel know, as he was afraid lest Manuel, enraged at tho want of faith shown to him by the society, might take the law into his own hands and assassinate him." Darrel could not help laughing. "My dear lady," said he, "I am afraid Mr. Grenfc must have been a very credulous man. The law does not countenance -wholesale murder in this country, whatever it may do in Peru." " But you forget," cried Donna Maria, angrily. " My uncle's fore- boding came true. He was mur- dered by the society, as the token of the Green Mummy left beside him proves, but whether by Manuel or Centa I cannot say." " Why," said Frank thoughtfully, "there .is something in that, but we'll discuss the point later. Please continue." " Well, Mr. Darrel, my uncle de- termined to i take the money up to the bank in Fleet-street, and put it in his private safe. Then he in- tended to write a letter to Manuel asking him to call at his rooms in Duke-street on Saturday afternoon. He designed to tell Manuel that the money was in the bank, and that if he wanted to see it there he could ask Mr. Vaas to show it to him. Ia tho meantime I was to go to the bank on the Saturday morning, on the protenco of getting the tickets for the journey-which had been purposely left behind-and get the money." " But how were you to open the safe ?" "Why, Mr. Grent gave me his private key." "Oh, I understand, but," added Darrel, " if you were to take away the money, and Captain Manuel was to be told in the afternoon that he could see it in the safe, the whole thing would come ont, as the money I would not be there for himj to see." " Not at all. You forget that it , 'as Saturday, and Captain Manuel could not look into the safe before Monday morning. Now, my uncle intended to give the money to Centu on Saturday night, and then go off to Italy; so, you see, there was ab- solutely no danger." " A very pretty plot," said Darrel drily. " So you agreed to assist in it?" Donna Maria flushed red, and responded haughtily, "I am from Lima, and I know how terrible is the vengeance of tho Peruvian Patriots when rh»y arr betrayed. I assisted my uncle to save his life." " So it all fell out aä planned ?" " Yes. Mr. Grent took the money up on Friday and placed it in the safe, with Mr. Vaas as a witness. Then he went to his rooms and tele- graphed to me to do my part. I went up on Saturday morning on the pretence of getting the tickets, and saw Mr. Vaas in my uncle's private room. To get rid of him I asked him for a glass of water. He left the room, and I at once opened the safe with the key given to me by my uncle. When Mr. Vaas returned with the water the safe was locked again, and I had the notes in my pocket. In the afternoon I went to Mr. Grent's rooms and gave him tho money ; then I said good-bye and came away. My uncle told methat ho had seen Captain Marmel." "Yes, I know Manuel called; Meek said so ; and I suppose Grent told him to look into the safe on Monday. As a matter of fact he did not do so until Tuesday or Wednes- day, and then Vaas discovered the loss. But tell me, how did Mr. Grent hope to pacify Manuel ?" "By absence. He intended to write from Italy, and tell him that he had given the money to Centa ; and, as. he proposed to remain abroad for some time, he thought that Manuel's anger would abate, and he would not wish to harm him when he returned." "I see," said Frank thoughtfully. "I must say that Mr. Grent pro- vided for his own safety remarkably well." "And all in vain, poor man," sighed Maria, " since he was killed by the society." " I don't believe he was," said Darrel bluntly. " But the Green Image ?" What .about, tho ueturaedinoney., Miss Sandoval ? Why should the society instruct Manuel or Centa to kill Grent and rob his body, then give back the money to itself ? That's robbing Peter to pay Paul with a vengeance." " So it is. I can't understand it at all." " Then, again," said Frank, warm- ing, "did you not take two tickets from the bank?" " I don't know. Mr. Grant men- tioned only ono ticket, and it was in an envelope. But now you mention it, Mr. Darrel, the envelope was rather bulky ; there might have been two tickets." " There were ; ono for Mr. Grent, tho other for Miss Hargoro. She had arranged to elope with Grent-nt least she fooled him into believing so ¡ but in- stead of going she sent" Julia Brawn, disguised in that fnwn-eolored mantle. Then Grent was killed." " By whom ?" asked Matin, much agi- tated. " I can't say. Perhaps that Centn you speak of got wind that Grent was bolting with the money to Italy, and followed to kill him. But who caa tell ? It is all a mystery." "I don't wish to speak ill of tho dead," said Maria, with a sigh, " but it seems to me that my uncle was acting very badly. That he should deceivo my poor aunt, who loved him so dearly !" And a tear trickled down her face. Darrel said nothing, but he was quite satisfied that he knew the extent of Great's villany. He had stolen the ten thonsarid pounds in such a way ns to throw tho blame on Vaas, and ho had intended to fly to South America with Lydia Hargono, deserting his wife for a woman who had deceived him at tho Inst. But Providence, which rules nil things, had thwarted his evil plans, and instead of getting away with the fruits ¡ of his iniquity he had met with a cruel death at the hands of an unknown man. As he had sown, so had he reaped. " Let mo ask you one thing," said Darrel, as he took his leavo ; " why did you not tell ns this before ?" " Because, in tho first place, I pro- mised my uncle to keep silent ; and in the second, he told me that if I spoke the society-sinco he hoped to escape it -might kill my aunt. It was for her sake that I kept silent." " Lies, lies, lies !" thought Darrel. " What a liar Grent was." When he got hack to town ho saw Torry and told him thc whole story, whereat tho detective was much pleased. "Didn't I say that Grent stole the money," said he, slapping his thigh. " What a plot to got it, the cunning old fox 1 I'm almost loth .to catch and hang the man who killed him." " The haro runs yet on thc moun- tains," said Darrel, drily, and took his leave of the jubilant detective to go homo and dream of Maria. The inter- view with her had left him more in love than ever. Next morning he was hardly awake when Torry, wildly excited, burst int? his bedroom, and. executed a kind of war dance. v ; " I've found the tramp who robbed the dead body of Julia Brawn," he cried, and he gave up this locket, which he took from her neck. See, see ! It is .1 of gold, ^th letters ' G. V.' and ' J. B. That is tie lover to the lass." "The lover of Julia Brawn?" said Darrel, jnmping ont of bed. " Yes, yes ; the man who was with. her on that night. The man who killed Grent." Bot his name-his name ?" " Look at the initials. G. V. Gustavus Vaas. Ile is the murderer !'. (To he continued?) 