Tupfy Topics. Stand OIT Studies. On Saturday the sporb-loving public will be again 'on the jtib ' after the winner of the famous short raco at Flemingfcon, On thif occasion, the cognoscenti apparently have not the sure thing they had in hand twelve months ago, when the flying Amiable romped homa in the raco. There is no very red-hot favorite just now, and it must bo fairly claimed that tho raco is pretty open. Stand OfF's succees in the Oakleigh Plate, although meritorious, was not well received, as people have nob forgotten the figure he cut in the Carrington Stakes and the Villiers Stakes, being withdrawn from each on the day cf the race. Stand Off won the Plate easily, bat can he repeat the doso in the Newmarket, in which a 101b penalty brings hia weight) up to Sab 101b 1 Hyinebtus will there fore meet him on 201b. better terms, Whakawatea on 161b, and Veloce on 181b, allowances which will probably result in these three being in fronb of him ab the end of the straight six furlongs. * * * ' Vigorous ' Handicapping. The 'handicapping ' of Mr, Fielder's oolb Vigorous in the New markob (from which he has been rightly withdrawn, has been freely commented on, and certainly the owner had good cause to ' squeal ' at the weight he received, viz:, Ssb 111b, being placed within 101b of Whakawabea, within Sib of Hy mebtus, and conceding 101b to Volocs and 111b to Stand Off, whereas on Saburday last Stand Off beab him badly ab a difference of 31b, Hymettus (second) at a differ ence of 261b, Whakawatea |(bhird) ab a difierenco of 241b, whilo Veloce allowed him Gib, all over a distance! wuion was more to nis liking than bhe ' long ' six furlongs ab Flein ington would be. inference to the turf career of Vigorous will show bhab that colb has run in a dozen races. He won the first (October, 1897), ran second twice, and third once, lcaviDg eight ' nowherea ' to his credib. The ' Classic ' Jockey. Some well-minded ladies and gentlemen started a Social Iin provemonb Socieby for the boys in a sporting 6uburb, in which were a number of racing stables. Ap proved books and parlor games were duly provided, ' and one oven ing the' local curate, entering jusb as one of the lads closed his book and rose from his seat, said ' Well my boy, wbab lmvo you been read ing V ' 'Amlrt,' camo the terso reply. ' Ah, Shakespeare's master piece, the stupendous creation of an incomparable genius ! Now lob me tesb your memory. Where was Hamlet when he saw his fabher'd ghost ?' ' Yer lick mi thoro,' said tho boy, scratching his head, ' but ib's enny odds 'e was goin' to a scrappin' match earlier in tho eveuin', 'ccs don'b yer mind 'o asked th' other bloke if e' was goin' to 'old the watch !' * * * A Newmarket Anticipation. Without going into any lengthy details on the horses engnged in the above race, wo will endeavor to forecasb bhe result, although, as everyone will admit, the country tipster is at a considerable disadvan tage compared with those people who live in cibies. New South Wales is represented by Hopscotch, Stand Off, Whakawatea, Alemene, Beachcomber, and Dozen, a grand lob indeed, and the noted Sb Albans stable have Symmetry and Regained bo battle for them, and pernaps itegained will be the pick. North British and Hymettns are also very dangprous, and the pair will be hard to beab. The places may be filled by HYMETTUS ? 1 ALEMENB ? 2 VELOCE ? 3 Recained and Kbuger best outsiders. 