[AT., :i-nts aEsimnV . .] 1 THE MYSTERY OF FAIR HOLME ;HALL. " I say, Fairbolume,.what's this I hear about a Itysterious 'figure being seen to lit aiiound our ancestral home ? You urely have not started a family ghllst since I. aw you last ?" ThIe speaker was a handllsome young fellowv,- luxuriously ensconced in the lethlls of a big chair drawn up to the ibrary lire at Fairllolnle lHall. " Most ee tainly not. There never hlis beenf anything so rOlllilllie i:as ia ?host haunting the old place. to 1my knoiw ledge," replied hisconipaniin. his senior lby some years. " It was sorne silly story invented by a mlooiAstruck houseniaid frightened'at her own shadow," he con tinued, stooping to knock tihe ashes out of his pipe. " My wife and I did our best to conviice the girl of tile absurdity of the thini,)hut it was no good; she declared nothing would induee her to live with a ghost. She left. aniid being a girl from the village of course the story got all over the place." Hle spoke care lessly, but a close observer would have detected a tinge of anxiety in his voice. " You are not given to nerves, so I need not lear leaving you in this reputed lhaunted house. though all the same I aml awfully sorry to have to-go oft just as you get here, Singleton." " My dear fellow it is not your fault." " Well, no; it is lmy bounden duty to attend lay father-in-law's funeral, and ily wife being a bit shaken witl the fort night's hard nursing I don't like her travelling alone tihe next day." Iugh inigleton was not inclined for .sleep that night so sat reading for some time by his bedroom fire, getting so interested inl the book that when lie dis covered tile other volume ladn Ibeen left in the library lie determined to go in search of it. To his surprise, tlie gas, though turned low. was still burning, and tile French window slightly open. " I suppose Fllrholine is taking a noc tuinal prowl round tile uremises," lie thought, as lie began searching for tile book amonig a heap of magaizinles and ipapers that littered a Iable near the win dow. He stood facing the garden, and had just found the object of his search whenl a (figure il woman' rs dress appeared at the window; then, seeing hiili. glided away. At tile saile fmomelnt Mr. Fair holme softly opened tile door. " I say, Fairholine," whisliered ugh. Deering cut into thie darkness, " I bie lieve there is some truth in tlhat girl's story "after all. I distinctly saw a wonan pass'just now. Supposing we g out and investigate ?" " Nonsense." returned tile other lightly. "' It must have been your fancy. I have had a few things to see tc before starting. tile room was hot, so 1 opened "thel window. You saw thie branchels of that cliestnut moving in tilt wind; and by this half- light took lite movement for a passing figure." Hugh was unconvinced, but, seeing tie other seemed anxious to shut up tile house for the night, went back to his room. 1 As there is net a breath oi wind those branches could not have been stirred." Jie said to himself. " will waltch carefully to-morrow night, when Ilhave the place to myself." But though lie sat up till past three. with eyes and ears on the alert, every. thing remained perfectly quiet. Tih next night lie lazily asked llimself 0whether he should repeat the experi ment, decided tllat it was not worth tile trouble.and preparid toaiayea final pipe before turning in. As lie stood by the fireulace, idly drumming on tlie wains cot. andl wishing that his friends were bacK to cheer his solitude, he began tc whistle. " Ali ! he la morte." He had heard tile song well sung a few days pre viously, and tlie tune had been running in his head ever since. Presently to his astonishment, lie felt tile panel begin to slide from beneath his' lingers, a hollow space became visible. ald from it step ped out a slight, fragile-looking girl, with tlhe nmost beautiful chestnut hair lie had ever seen. For a'n instant they stood gazing at each other in speechless dismay, then. witli a stifled cry. tlie girl turned to tlie opening again : but Hugh caught lie. firmly by the wrists. " Stop ! " lie said, authoritatively. " Yon must explain what you mepn by coming into the room in this extraordi niary faslion. ." Ar. and BMrs. Fairliolme both know I am here." she answered. " I think you are their friend. Mr. huglh Singleton from tile' description they gave me of him." Tlhen, as Iugh continued to hold her firmly, she added, imploringly : " 11 one of the servants found life hlere, it might mean nly death. I only camie be cause I hleard tie signal, and thought Mr. Fairolmne had, conlm back sooner than lie expected." " But I gave no signal," said Hlugh touched-in spite of his suspicions that she was the'accomilice of some thief by her pale, frightened face and quiver inigJips." " " Someone tapped on tile panel, and then-whistled ' Al ! cie la morte,' I thought it was all right when I heard tliat, so touched the spring and came out." S" The servants went to bed long aego and there is no one besides myself stay ing in the'house, so you are perfectly safe," Hugh said. '" Before I let you go, you must tell me your nami, and whyit is you are hiding lere."' "'My name is Valerie St. JLeger, and I am hiding because "-she hesitated a moment-" I am accused of having murdered someone. Tlhe evidence is strong against me, and unless I tell tl?e name of thlie ersoli who I know really did .tlie deed, and give tlie proofs thai would condemn hler thley-.might hian;i zidii iI fell into tliei lRands. You will keep my secret :; you will not let anyone know 1 ash here ? " - "f'swear I will not. But you.look aw fully pale ;. let me cet you sonme wine." She shook her head. S" I am not ill ; it is only that I have missed the air lately. *Since Mrs. Fair liolme left it has not been safe for meto conic out every niglut." " All ! you are thle ghost, then : my eyes did not deceive me two nights ago." " No; you gave me a terrible fright when I saw you standing there. Ihad not been out for a week. andIlwas beginning to feel so faiiittliat Mi ,Fairholme said we would risk it for a few minutes. He had gone to fetchr something 'for me to take whlen you'came in. Seeinga main staild ing by tile table, intlhe dim light. l;mis took you for him,; and. was just going to speak when I found oiut my mistake." '. But, surely, you 'don'tlive behind that panel ?" " Oh, no!tlhat is the entrance to a pas sage that leids to a flight of steps built in the thickness of the wall. At tlie bot tom you come to 'a little-room called ' Tlhe Priest's Hole.' That is where I have been living for the last two Umonths." " You poor child ! "said Hugh, com passionately. " No wonder you look pale. But I wisll you \iiuld tell me the whlole story." '" It would lake too long to-night, and il i.s -Ievcr sa.f for ine to come out in tile "' But r-unnot L Uo to you ?" - SNot unitil tlhe Fairollmes are back. There would be no one to signal to youl ·'a' 'I'"'-' th'at the coast was clear this side. My safety lies' in the fact that hardly any one knows that there is a secret iassage behind the wainscot. I comll up ain stand there sometimes for ch:angi' of air. That is how I heard you tloping to night. The. signal is tapping. while whistling an air from • Trovatore ' to deaden the noise of the raps. It w uold not do hI always whistle the samle tune so we chose. anu opera witlh popular airs in it. fGood niht. I dare not stay lon ger now." She sprunlg into the opelling and closed the pa:uel before hp had realised what slle was going td do. When the, Fairholntlsarrivedl next day Jlugh drew his host aside nilll told hin of the discovery he ihad made the l re vious evening. SIt's a had businiess for Vahtrie. pour child," said 3lr. Fairhohile. " slit is as innocent of the crint.' ;s you ;are, andi yet has to suhnit to this itnprisolninult or betray h11t half-sister." " \What a hIorrible alternative ! But who is ste ? " " lhe only. cl:ild of a- friend- long since dead-to whom I was unllder i: great obligation. He risked his life to cave mine, in tfact; so when I heard of the terrible strait to which his daughter was reduced I willingly agreetl to help her." " 1 am very curious to hear the whole story." Hughl said. " Site shall tell you the details herself later on. In a nutshell, the facts ule these. Valerie's mother had _naptie.,-a,-,. runaway marriage with sa hfiieone reitly her inferior in the social scale. That'was before she ever saw .Ir. St. Leger. The affair was hushed up, and tile first Ihs band dying soon after, it was de'idedl (for family reasons. which I cannot enter into now, to keep thel nirrigllte :a secret. When the child. Eunice was borln. shll was placed with a fatmily abroad. ald brought up in entire iguniiraie o'f I'her parentage. Miss Hiltoni- thei nul.t whot adopted Valerie after her parents' teath -of course knew about it., but \ athrie lerself never even suslpected hlle had a sister. Unlnckily,e he true facts of thll case calle to Eunite's ears : slill 1nt to ier aunt, and a violent qlarlti iell sued, Eunicet declaring she haid tIen kept out of her rights. and deiprived if a portion of her imothers Imontey. Tihe two sisters are so much alike that. wn, one having seen -:uniett Corell to the house (she had been admitted by an old lurse, who had always taken ltr ia'tl, the girl who twas s5'eni to Iavre Iiltt's roonl imnnmediately, after the quarrel was believed to bIe Valerie. Miss illioim wias found on the floor deadlt. Ihatig slt g l her forehead agailnst the marble curb when Eunuice. in the heat. of iassion.ladi pushed her violently aside. The nu lse ilanaiaged to ge't Eunice awavy trese, in boy's clothes. Valerie Ieanwhile Iavin;; coinei here alind inolttored lme to protect her. WVhen thile affaiir Ihas hlwn ovter a bit we shall try and git. her abtrol,. hut of course. just at present ilte I eillng sought for everywhere." Ilugh paid many a visit to the 'rieat's Hole during his stay, anid whenl he left it was with Valetrie's Itromise to be his wife, if ever thecloud of suspicion which rested on her shoult be lifted. She would never mlarry unless liel name was cleared she told him. They had not long to wait Itufore death released the ill-fated Eunice from the burden of remorse that lay so ilheavlly uion her : and her full confession ie moved all doubt of Valerie's innocence. 