I TALES AND SKETCHES. Al.i. RiciiTs TtiSEUVKi) ] THE HOUSE ON THE HILL, I I O. H. BÜRGIN", (Author of " A (JutkiT Girl," lie., .tc.) PAKT IV. Isab I «nt up iu bed, lier lung hair I Intaking from IIB liouilu anil Honing loosely around her. She drew it thiough lier lingers, «nd thu uofl glossy muss calmed lier troubled Inerves. It had the effect nf a combining : hand in tho eemi-darkuess of th« partially I lighted room. But aller a lime, thc i.ld i dbquirt reiurnei. "he was as wide awake us I if »he liad been experimenting with Jerome's Miririnun lied. Pillow, sheels, everything. 1 appeared to want to climb into tho wrong 1 puces. I'eili' ps it was lier own restlessness > which had ? hus imbued inanimate objects I willi lite. Tho bed hud the effect of bei ,g filled with crumbs, and most nf us know that ! painful und unpleasant experience, j Presently, thc ghosts in thc distant corners of the loom beeime insupportable. The I clo k un the chair ant up, talking to them iu I UUÍBKICSS whiapera. These unbidden gueula I anpeareil to be enjoying themselves hugely at : this unholy hour or thc morn. Isabel felt I seriously annoyed with herself, hut lt wus really no use. She could not sleep. How ! could she icmedy thia disastrous »tate ot thing- ? Suddenly file smiled. " I have it !" (he said, protiuding au ivory footie the moon- light. ?'Now, you grim gublina, I'll bluish 1 you t ) any other place 1 can think of. I am I not going to have my apartment tenanted hy I such an unholy crew of phantasms and irrespnniible shapes." I She got uut nt lied, and glided across to the ; clonk with a sigh of relief. It was a warm I uue. She put iu on, and pauk back in the ¡.a«y depths of the chair; but I he moonlight ; still troubled lier, and she had not sufficient 1 energy to alter the blinds so aa to Bhut it out. ? She ilos-d uncomfortably for a little while ; in the chair, and then pu»hed it back into the ; dark corner nf th» room supposed to he inh ibited by the phosi« which had mocked : her attempts at sleep. j With the «id of her dressing-gown and a soft cuBhion, Isabel made herself comfortable j io the cosy old chair. She felt very pleased ' I to have escaped (rom the thraldom of her ' j gloomy couch. To-morrow-or wasn't to-day ' to-morrow, seeing that it was three o'clock ? j -übe would speak to Mies Sutnmerby about ' it, and have something more modero substituted for I his hearse-like structure. 1 t She leaned hack with half-shut eyes. As 1 ; she did BO the bed assumed to lier the ' proportions of a stace. Little sprightly ' foran strutted about the coverlet. She could 1 : not avoid thinking what a capital place it 1 , would make for a meeting between Oberon 1 1 and Titania. 'I he gloomy curtains would do ' for the forest trees, and the coloured ooverlet 1 might, for the uooce, represent a fairy ring. 1 I She had been wide awake before ; all at 1 i once she became trebly su. A shiver ran 1 j through her. The chair wai not so comfort- 1 i able SB she had expected. She would arrange 1 ! the blinde and go buck to bed again. Hist ! : What was that ? Oh, Heaven ! what waB ' that ? 1 I There was a slight creaking of the door something in white glided Into the room. ' I WM it. really Lady Mary atlast? But no! , ; ThiB ghost had a head. The faee was turned from her as it glided slowly towards the bed. ' \ Something glistened for a moment in the moonlight, descended on the bed, there was a ': rending of linen, and then tills ghastly figure ! 1 drew back the bright blade oaly to strike and ' 'strike again with savage fury st the place 1 where Isabel ought to have been. Isabel was not a coward, but at the eight of 1 : tbie figure striking with noiielcss fury at the 1 i bed she gave a penetrating shriek and became ? ' unconscious. { When she recovered ooraolousoes« she was j alone on tho floor. She fancied that she j heard Geoffrey Hearse's voice outside the ' house giving instructions to someone in firm, ! decided tones, f-he etagiered to the door, locked it, and again fainted. Presently someone koooked. ! ! "It's only me, mies," said filbeam's ' pleasant voice. " le anything the matter:" ! Isabel opened the dour, and, flinging her* self into the broad, motherly arma of Mrs. 1 Pilbeam, bunt into tears. ' Mrs. Pilbeam drew her Into the room, and shot the door. 1 *' There, there, my pretty, my pretty, don't 1 take on su, don't take on so. Shah, shell !" 1 Soe rocked Isabel in her sirona arms until 1 the frightened girl's eobs gradually subsided, ' and she was able to give sn incoherent account of what had happened. ¡ " Bless you, my pretty," said Mrs. 1 Pilbeam. "Didn't I tell you what would come of having those late suppers ! I J j oughtn't to have told you about Lady Mary ; and all that silly nonaeneo. I might have I known you, too, would have loot your head, ' j my pretty one, my lamb." 1 I She held Isabel very tightly in her mother ¡ ly arms. ' I " 1 warrant me, my pretty, you forgot tn ' lock your door last night, and then you got to j dreaming and remembering it in your dreams, 3 j ann fanoied all sorts of ihiaga. Whenever Kinipple has tasted cheese for euppor he does J the same thing, my pretty but she gave a shiver as if she did not believe ber own ' account of what had happened. I laabel sat up, and reit med herself from Mrs. Pilbeam'« strong arms. ' " That is all nonsense," she said, a little ' ashamed of her emotion. She glided to the S window and opened the blind. The stable . clock struck five. j " rt was too real," shivered Isabel, " too ' horribly real to be a dream."' , She rushed to the bed and lifted np the , coverlet. " See herc ! see here I" ehe cried, holding , it out hysterically to Pilbeam, "Now tell me if it was a dream ?" Tho coverlet was pierced, with long 1 slanting slits, in four places. By a strong effort laabel prevented herself from again fainting. She felt Bick and worn . out with the emotions of the night. Afters 1 moment's interval, she fell on her knees and . thanked God that she had been spared. Mrs. ! Pilbeam was wimpering hy her Bide. "It's true enough, miss. Heaven forgive f mc for telling you Buch a lie. Oh, yee, it'B true enough. But I told you to lock your j door every night. If you had listened to me you would have been spared all this." " Who was it, then ?" inquired Isabel in a J frightened whisper, 1 " I*, waa one of the maids, who gets a bit ' queer In her head at times," said Mrs. 1 Pilbeam. "I can't persuade Miss Summerby ' to Bend her away altogether. She geta these 1 lits when the moon is at full, and that WSB Í why I told you to lock your door. You ' didn't see her face, miss ?" 1 " No ; it was turned away from me," said 1 Isabel, not splicing l'ilbcam'a look of relief. ! *' She seemed to bo rather tall aud muaoular, ' to judge from the way in which alie struck 1 the coverlet." " You had better come with me to my room, mi8B," said Pilbeam. 11 You can't go t back to that bed again." i " I should have a lit if I diä," said babel, i clinging to Pilbeam, gratefully. " Oh, it ia i so horrid. If I hadn't felt uneasy and gone I to sleep in the chair, she would have killed I me." i "Oh that was it, miss," said Pilbeam. I " I was wondering how it all huppencd." i ** Weren't you afraid ?" asked Isabel. ' "Me afraid I" said the brawny Pilbeain, I scornfully baring her magnificent arm. i " Why I could knock down a man as soon SB look at him, and Kinipple knows it, bless you. " Mrs. Pilbeam put laabel to bed in her own comfortable room, and remained with her until she fell into a troubled Bleep. Thenshc noiselessly left the room, softly opened the I front door, and made her way to the tower. I Geoffrey Hearne awaited her coming. He wuB very pale and stern, " Do you know what you have done, woman?* he said, "lt in only by (indY mercy that poor girl escaped. You are un- worthy of audi a trust. How dare you sleep at your poBt. V 1*11 bea m whimpered. It'e very hart! on mc, Mr. (Jeoffrey. I have not buen to sleep for two night« with her, and sh« eremed RU much butter that I di /.-n uti. When 1 Wf ko up ehe waa pone." " And then V '* I rushed round looking for her. I aaw MÍHB Archei's door open, and ehe-" (ieoflfrey grew paler Mill. " - «lie wa« htnbhing at thc bedclothes. I rushed forward, and draged her away. Mies Archer hud fainted on the floor. She couldn't »lerp, and to had pone to ihe other BO cl of the room," There came a groan, and then a sound of low chuckling laughter from the room i* Ito ve. .* Doe« M ¡SH Archer suspect, anything V " Hlet*s you, no, cir. Slit think» ir one of the inaidM " .* Ir. ia about time this deception ended. I waa a fool and a knave ever to consent to ita beginning,1' t-afd Oeoffrey. " If anything had happened to Mies Archer I would have shot myscll. 1 will tull her soon. Hut you-I trusted you, ami you betrayed that trust." "I'm monal sorry, BÍr," said l'ilbeam, again weeping, " I didn't faul very well las) night, to I nwalluwed half a tame Indian (premmably, Tamur indian), and that kepi nie awake lor a time. Tlieu I weut to sleep, and shu (¡ot ap " Geoffroy sglud heavily. "It ia hopeless," ho said. "There if nothing more to lo done with her. Th« whole Limitless must come to an end, J ought, to have known helter than to havi embarked o*i so foolhardy an enterprise." Again that maniacal chuckle. Then all wu still." "Slu'e gone to sleep now, sir, ' said Hilbram. "I'll take lier huck to lur OWL room to-morrow night." And she wem away, leuviug (iejffrey buried in deej thought. The next day Pilbeam entered the brcakfaBt-room willi a message for Isabel that Miss Summarily KIM <OO unwell to sec any one, and she did not wish to be disturbed. Ig&hel; was to attend to everything until Miss Summerby felt well enough to do so herself. Geoffrey Hearne looked up for a moment when the message «as given to isabel, but quickly buried himself behind the " Times " before ehe could catch his eyes. She was ptle and dispirited. The experiences of last 0 ¡ii lit lind been altogether too much for ber. She had almost resolved to return home. Hence, Miss Summerby'e illness waa an additional aggravation of her perplexities. Geoffrey Heirae, too, seemed strangely pre- occupied end ill at ease. Isabel put aside her untasted toast, and rose to leave the table. She spent the morning in lier own room. In the afternoon several people were closeted with Geoffrey Hearne. "Yon have DO hesitation in signing the certificate," ahe heard one say to the other, as they left the house, and then it flushed across ber troubled mind that these men were doctora who had come to see the mad house- maid, and certify that abe really was insane. " If yon please, miss. Mr. Hearne would like to see you," said Pilbeam, about four o'clock. Isabel went listlessly down to the study, feeling that something unusual had happened. Geoffrey placed in her hand a telegram. " Would you do me the favour to read thal ?" he eiid. "I don't understand," said Isabel. " ' Have full permission to explain every- thing to Miss Archer. The evil day cannot be put off-Dabchick.' What does it all mean. Mr. Hearne?" "It means-oh, you mutt see what it means," he said, driven out of bia UBUal reserve by her evident listlessness. Don't you really see what it all means ?" " No," aaid Isabel, listlessly. " I am only aware that I am very tired, and that it is not like you to trouble me. I had a kind of feeling that you would protect me, and now Oh, that horrible woinau ! I tee her now. 1 bear the rending of linen as she strikes the bed again. I am a coward. I want to go away. I cannot stop in this dreadful place. I knew when I first saw it something terrible would happen. Life seems to have nothing bat sorrow for me at every turn. A little while ago, I did not know the meaning of the word, and now-" She buried her fae* in her bands, and wept afresh. Geoffrey allowed her to weep unre- strainedly for ft few momenta. Then he came round, took ber nand in bis own, and sat down opposite her. "Listen to me a moment, please, Miss Aroher. It is absolutely essential that you heed what I ant about to say to you. Isabel Btayed tier tears. She was very tired. The excitement of the night had been too muoh for her. "Vou will thiuk me a silly schoolgirl," ebe said. "I, who boasted of my strong nerves." There was something reassuring in the touch of Geoffrey's hand. She felt mnre composed. "I have something very painful to tell you," he said. "Can you guess »hat it is?" " If it is the mystery of this place I do not want to bear it," said Isabel. " The shock of last night has quite cured my folly about it. All I wish lo do ¡B to leave here as soon as possible." " But, in justice to myself, I cannot let you go without ezptainiog how it was that you came here as well as myself," he said. " Do you mind going hack with mes. year ago?" Isabel nodded, She had not the slightest interest in the matter. She wanted to leave the place. Geoffrey said nothing for a moment. " Prepare yourself for a shock," he resumed. "The mad woman who entered your room last night was not a servant at all. It was Miss Mimnjcrby. " ' And you knew it 1" said Isabel, her listlessness vanishing. " Ves." "How did you know it?" " Because," said Geoffrey Hearne, drawing bjB hand away, " I am her keeper." " Would you mind telling me all about it?" said Isabel, incredulously. "What harm had I ever done to Miss Summerby that she should try to kill me ?" " About a year ago," said Geoffrey, "my poor dad lost all MB money. The old place had to he sold-the shock killed him. I was the only son-th £ young squire. A young »quire whose property has gone to pay his father's debts is not of much account in the world, as I speedily found out. I could do nothing-I was perfectly useless, except as a gamekeeper. I came to town, and almost starved in my attempt to make a living. One day I Baw s curiously- worded advertisement in the "Daily Chronicle.." It said that none but gentlemen need apply, and that, after a preliminary interview, if the applicant suited, the nature of the post to bc filled would be diedos d. I went to the address, and saw-" " Mr. Dabchick," Baid Isabol, eagerly. " Ves. Be looked me over, and thought that I Bhould do, but he was very particular as to .ny antecedente-wasted to know all about mc, in fact. I waB to return to him in a week's time. He would then, if I suited, fully disclose the nature of the post to-be fillod, I went back in a week's time. I daretay you know the place. He said he had been down to my home to make inquiries about me. He had even called on the vicar, whose name I had given asa reference. Al Brat I felt inclined to choke him for his impertinence. But I am tiring you ?" "Not at all," said Isabel. "I want to know everything." " He then disclosed to inc that it would be a very easy place for me to fill. 'Vou will be called an agent,' he said,1 and will have a oapital horse and quarters. You will live with an old lady In Derbyshire, who came Into a large estate a short time back. I sin one of thc trunteea of the will by which ehe inherits. She has one or two diatant relativos ; in the event of anything happening to he, ihe money goon ion hospital, lam ft fra i H Boniei Lmitf will h np pm to her. Tho nhook uf coming into thia Urge fortune after a life of comparai ive poverty lias been too much fur her. 1 don't think ehe will ever «et over it. 'I he doctora Jajghcd nt me when I mentioned my doubts, hut I told them I had never Bern » purnim («tick uut her thumba al riijht angles, and nude no use of 'h' m, who did not go mild in time. It wu only a que«tifiD of lime. And ihe nmdni'aa generally < took the form of hom cidtil mania. They | laughed, hut they rxumiurd Mt s Summerhy j -that is hi-r iwme- without her knowledge I Then they caine 1» rn« wi»h hing faces. I There uer« g'Hvo higos of mental disorder. I They didn't l>i-lievr in my the» ty about | thumba, but it was just H (HMS up whether j Miss Summe!by would gu mad or recover, i She needed iiiceunnnt «aichirti», but ehe muet] not know it. if the oi.ee inc*t»me aware af : her danger, shu would incviiulny go mid. I All lin y could H umgebt UHM (hut lur female it temi ant tibould be * woman accubtomcd to | the care ot the insamj *' Then ftlbcam hut» been a keeper ?" asked i tsabel. j I "And is. That accounts for her extra- ordinary stteugth. Dabchick »aid that there , must always he a mun un thc premises in case : of any uut break, it would nor, be sudden i Some hour« would elapse in auy case, ¿int ir. : needed someone to hu always on the lookout , for 'he cy rn i itiiii s in quentioii. It would not do to have un ordinnry keeper about the place. He must be a genlemau it nd ehe i mubt have someone as a companion wno could '? play lo hftr und amuse ber." "That ia why 1 wu« selected?" asked ? label. " We. Dabchick prides himself on his I knowledge, nf clmr icl. r. Ile thought it wiiuld be bettet n. t to tell you the (ruth. Ile lodi tin- (¡iii who wan heic helot e, and she i be.-urns BI> nervous that »lie frightened Miss . Suiuincrby into u b-id attack about four i mnnths ugo Kilts went. i,way, aud MiaB Suminethy begin t<, II op-. Vou did her a great deal ot go -d. Sometimes you have . looked very eurpii^d uheu I have asked you to go on playiug. You didn't know Hut you were plu j ¡ni; tl.o evil spirit out of this kindly old lady, who would ont willingly hurt a fly. She is uaturally one of the gentlest, sweetest s nils living, aud I have had to tate her sciemning, struggling to the Tower-one story IB padded-and beep her there for hours, poor sou', until the madness is passed away. I was beginning to hope that she would recover, bul Pilbeam told me she was becoming restless again. That was why 1 didn't want her to go for a drive, but 1 couldn't very well stop her. She has never been as bad as this. It was Pilbeam'« duty to sit up with her, and to call me if sire became worse. It seems that Pilbeam »eui to sleep. A soldier who goes to sleep nu duty is shot. If anything bad happened tc you, that woman ought to have been shot. She went to sleep, and was ooly just ia time to privent Mies Sutnmerby from atiackiug you as you lay uuoonsciou*. Missbuinmeiby had Buatchnd a knife from a drawer. You know the rest. Pilbeam managed to secure her, and called me. I brought her into the padded room. She is there now." " It is horrible, horrible !" said Isabel. "I amalad to think, poor soul, that my music cheered her up. if I had beeu kiuder, perhaps she would never have btcnme ill." "She took a great liking to you," asid GeüSH'y. "Mjd people always strive tu kill their dearest friends. I dou't knowhow it ia, but the fact remains. I telegraphed lu Dabchick this morning; yon ste Ids »ply. The doctors confirm Iiis view vf the easel She will be taken away to night -taken away to au asylum, there to eud her da 8. She has been good, klud, meroiful to those around her, and yet io her old age there is no ineio, shown to ber. She must go. Heaven walch over, and comfort her, for she has conifurtcu many." He spoke very solemnly. Il was ea»y lo see thal he was deeply moved. " And you ?" asked Isabel, " what, will you do ?" " 1 ?" he said. " Oh, don't tbink nf me at such a time as tbie. I shall go abroad to the Diamond FieldB. I have a chum tut there who has often urged me to do ao. I had already written u> Oabohick to say that he must find someoue to replace me, and that he hus no rigbc to expose you to auy risks. I was obly waiting uutit you had learned the truth, to see how you would lake ii, aud then I was prepared to go " "You were ever thoughtful of my happi- ness," said Isabel, io faltering tones, '1 seem to have known you all my life. I-I cannot bear to think of your going forth into the world like that. And I owe my life to you also. What can I give you in return ?" "Dear," he said sofliy, "I fear I have learued to love you more th AU anyon« else. But now I huve no right to apeak." And be turned away. "Stop," said Isabel, placing bk hand upon his coat. " Stop, you have already aaid too much, or-" She hesitated. "Or what?" " Not enough." He took her hauds in his. " I have a confession te make, and-and to ask your forgiveness." " Wait uutil you have heard my story," said Isabel. " Do you know that I was dc'pised and rejected by my lover because I had no money ? That be taught me to love him, and then, when all the world expected him to speak, he went away in silence. " I know all about it," he said. " I heard the story from Dabcbiok. That was why I horse-whipped Deep, and made bim speak out under a penalty of another thrashing." " You did that ?" she asked. " You horse- whipped bim and then sent bim to propose to me. Why ?" " Because I could see that you had loved bim, and I wished to know far myself whether you still did so. That was why." " Was that all ?" " No," coming a step nearer to her, " it is not all, I loved you myself from the first moment I saw you, I could see that you had received a shock. When I found out what it was I resolved to help you. Deep should speak out, You made your choice, and refused him." " Do you know why I did so !" she asked. "No." " Because," she said, excitedly, " I found out for myself the difference between the false and the trne. I came here wretched, heart-broken, too poor in self-respect to lift my head. You watched over me, healed my wounds so gently and unobBtrusively, that I scarcely knew it st first. Then I thanked God that he had opened my eyes in time, and also thanked him "-her voioe sank to a low, sweet whisper-" for-for you." Geoffrey's hand shook a little as he lifted it from the back of the chair. " To-morrow we go our diverse ways. " " Yes, to-morrow," she said, " but my heart will be with you until -" " Until I came to alaim it," he said. Then they kissed and parted, each know- ing that in God's own time that morrow will surely come. And so the House on the Hill gave up its secret in the silvery moonlight. Une tragedy more or leBS, what did it matter ? Reason, 1 love, life, death were only passing phases of 1 the pigmies who Bought shelter within its ancient walls. Others would come and pass away like sunlight on ihe water, and this ancient houBe remain. Let them go I | (The End.) 