' The Ministerial Dilemma. Tni: political situation in Victoria continues Hat, stale," and unprofitable. Ministers try 1o please l;ho House; but members set themselves against being pleased. .They 'are Mike Marryat's lieutenant-only : happy when they are comfortably dismal. The bond and front of the offending.is that Sir George Tinner,and ; ; his colleagues have been in ol'lice so long that it is very : t embarrassing to lind a plausible oxen so for getting rid . o_ them. The Iiouso demanded concessions in favour of , irrigation trusts, half hoping that the Minister of "Water . ; Supply would persist in his assert ion that the amending : ? bill 'contained all the' concession that, could bo ' I reasonably granted. But whatever Mr. Foster's ! inclination may have been, tho moment it was evident , the country pmty inlondcd lo ajler tho schedule. Sir 1 ', George Turner hastened lo do i.t for thorn. Tho House ' : is pretty woll convinced that the bill will bo of small ! ;practical value, hut policy- demands that it should be 'passed, jusj. lo show ilio farmers iu .tho dry districts .thai they aro not neglected by their represent ativos. The'Chief Soavoiavy's J/aotorios arid Shops Act, Amend . ment 13i 11 is needed for tho same purpose in regard to 11!io Melbouimo constituencies. Similar reasons of ! policy dominate tho fa to of the Old Ago Pensions bill, land thoamondinont of the Income Tax Act. In..no lone case are (lib Government proposals sullod to the ' tasto-of tho House or the requirements of tho public, (but .nicmbois boliovo they must legislate on- the matters Sin. soinu way or another this session, and they aro |ijTlta,ioil wilh' Ministers for not devising measures "Which they could either vigorously condoiuu or heartily i support. . " ? County Court Jtidgos. I The deputation ol lawyers .who waited on tho Solioilor : General to urge tho desirability of'having the salaries of j County Court judges Jixod by special appropriation in stead of by annual voto of Pari i am out urged'' a rot'orm . which has long been desirable. Under tho present i system County Court'judges aro not only the .nominees , of the Ministry, but they aro under tho direct control of tho Solloitor^Gpnoral. So long as tho County Court . system was>6n its trial as an experiment there was some mison, i'of this oillcin.1 control. Tho Courts wort? hot l popular with barristers, who foarod that tho simpliolty of their proopduro would Interfere with their foes. Thirty years ago no barrister of ability and with a growing business .would accept tho position of County Court ? judge, and'tho Government was restricted to tho'solootion , of barristers who, from Homo oauso or another, . had . small prospect or attainingit position of airiluencG at ''tho bar. It was folt that tho oholco might not always . bo a good one, and thou it was well to have the p.owor of rectifying the mistake pi-o.mhIvVm I. Ministerial authority. But t|. . ? tllc . :-:nrci been passed, and many of the ?g° I"1* bar would gladly accept the tltumr*i Court judgeship if the statu'1 ^ 'l nont of ».' good as that of a Supreme Coin- iiiil.rr ?1Wt"Jn'« is considered by many barrister tl.nt "'1p In*H# judgeship should be a step , Ct)u»W Supreme Court bench. The iinnoi-tan^0'.''^!0^ judges ii-ee trom political control Clin,,^ ?f hiW J-he jurisdiction of County Court ovft"' considerably extended durum i'-H. J, , llllP" and though in normal times thoiv 'is m, , ?nt# picion that the Solicitor-Genr-ral' Mitn!'owJi their line of judgment, it is not so muR/C. under special circumstances, the (Wr', ? CIU1# tempt to indirectly induce the flountv r *nt. % regard the political exigencies of the JJ(te' terpretation of Statute law. 111 tW A Victorian Patriotic Fund. The Mayor of Melbourne, Cr. MuEacli.nn , his strength of character. Ho forms !,!." J w and he acts upon them, indifferent In til disapproval of that large section of the pul.'icThtf to say how things should be done without t. -iPt responsibility of their advice. Nairn-ally hi. o 1 Sok ness occasionally oftends manv amiable citiy dislike being reminded that they arc irresolute' or'-ri shout with -the crowd." Still, as one courageous about his own opinions "as'cr"'UvSf said, " I don't like the Mayor's masterfnlm-, imfu it. he is nearly always right." It is eertainh 1? counter to popular sentiment for the Mavoi i ..S Inl.'n on^r afrmc* frMifnudu 1! 1 1 "t ot u paJilif , T x. , Jt ? -------thenulofa a fund. Aevcrthe ess the people who are loiuM demanding a public meeting' to organise Hid I , Jm! take any steps towards the establishment of -i Jl fund until ho had fuller information of the nulof« the people who me Ioudfisj .'"S l° «i'g';niso thelurniafioft a land ior tho relief ct the Untish refugees froM Transvaal-and tho districts invaded bv the lloers^" the . first to . subsequently deprecate iiulUcnnjim charity. Thore is no reason to believe that the to purposes to discourage Victorians from ooiitnl.ulffit a patriotic fuud, simply because tho people'of fOr Britain are generously ready to take the whole of providing relief. It is noL merely a mutter of ment, but ot' duty for Victorians to contribute relief of sufferers by the war in South Africa, should .be no distinction between the races in rolief. Tho Kal'tirs deported from their wovk Boers aro as much entitled to a fair proportion as tho white men, and the Victorian cjntrilm be regulated by the number of distressed Austffi refugees. Tho Mayor doubtless recognises tlrf mentary principles of organised generosity, if| scarcely be termed charity, ior the sulTennshaveii|' to expect relief. That being so the public will end, his prudence in iirst ascertaining what has to l;o||" : before convening a public meeting to doit. ; End of the Century Sanitation. A great sanitary congress was ho'.d at "...'.. 'last month in tho course of which Mir William !pointed out that, stripped of tho faddismof over :disciples and hypothetical specialists, the h; (principles of to-day aro the same as those laid i Mosaic law. Teetotallers who read the reports .congress.will bo horrified to learn that it is <|iiest . whether chemically pure water is a WioU'sumc . though tho.y may liiid consolation in the tact t , very rarely obtained. Boiled water, so sjronjri.v mended as a procaution against typhoid in the :tinio, it was pointed out wits a mere snare imddel (kept in. a place exposed to malignant mien isanitary congress in Victoria would be very instnictivw now to legislators and the public. '.I. here is the ; Council reluctant to prohibit the sale of disca^l |l 'by act of Parliament, when it might very well na . clause to Sir .Frederick Sa.rgood's I HI limn# lmtche| ^selling beef and nuttm which no'. tho best ol n-rtifitf cooks call niuko tender by ron:=? inj-', grilling, >t<ui '.boiling. 'Why also should the * citable venrtm [liberty to supply potatoes, rani; enough Oeonju t |d0550n old Miirley's.ghosts befoiv tho unimiw ^t 'turnips which creato the sensations so "1I11J'!' . !cribed by Mark Twain. Dr. Miller last week a > Ivory interesting locturo on school hjgiuno Uho attention of tho Boards ol Advice as \ul! I Board of Public Health. It h positive c udij |weak'b-children to sit for hours on bonil , .backs, and to compel weak-sigh ed 11U1. ^decipher small print by tho dim fc; ' 'L tl) 'through windows daubod over vilh b tho cost o£ suit blinds and «- cic , panes. But-tho uttor dlsrognrd m p ?*.1 ftmonlH if" tion-'., uincii un* o Health ,nitons an accepted bservnd in panes, jjui-kuu v,....w0. - dopartmohlH for tho royuhitiou-'., Public Health insist upon bein:; <>»*»"»" liplo institution.s and private V,' u ^imv moving |»! to bo acjcoptocl as h'roiuotllabUs 