The Wonder-Witch NOVEL. By m. e. McClelland, OHAPTER XVIII.— (Continued.) But when the negroes whispered about, with horrid insistence, a grim legend of a peddler seen to enter the wakefield door, but .not to oome out again, the populace decided' that tbe town was ripe for investigation, and, summoning offioial aid, raided the plaoe. The Wakefields resisted, and there was a battle, in wbioh a man or two were shot. This added to the evil repute of the place, and it needed only a hideous discovery in one of the cellars, and an incontinent lynohing in the baokyaid, to give it a ohar- Soter which wonld condemn it to isolation from human oconpation forever. The agent no longer took the trouble even to fasten up doors and windows. He knew that in the bucolic imagination, both white and col oured, the plaoe would' speedily become a ohoice rendezvous for evil spirits and haunts, and the particular stamping ground of the devil. As Ruth turned from a side gate into the public road, Bhe noticed a nephew of her ! relative's, who lived with her, in a far field, talking to a man on horsebaok. She can tered on briskly, not wishing to be belated. A mile or so on Bhe turned into a cross road whioh debouched through a pine forest and was apparently but little used. The after noon was sombre, with a dull November sky and intermittent sunshine. The ohili of the air was untouched, and the earth held the froBt'of the previons night, bo that, except . where fallen pine needles deadened all sound, it rang hard as iron under the horse's hoofs. On either hand the pines, arseoBtyled and massive, uplifted columns of bronze, with solemn oathedral effeots, enhanoed by the interlacing of dark branohes above into impost and arch, rib and groin. Through the foliaged intricacies of this mighty roof the light sifted dimly down .to the shadow less carpet of brown pine needles. Ruth rode slowly, impressed with the silenoe aud grandeur of the plaoe and invigorated by the aromatio inoense whioh she drew into her lungs. A short distance farther the woods opened into clear fields, enoloBed by dilapidated fences, and abandoned to the enoroaohment of brooms edge .and scrub. The road, maoh washed and gullied, led oironitoosly to the old farmhouse in the distanoe, so Ruth left it and out aoross through the fields. The house stood bare and forlorn among its de nuded trees, the yery epitome and centre of an encompassing desolation. Ruth shuddered as she looked at it, mildewed over with deoay, its sashiess win dows goggling into space like eyeless sockets, its smokeless chimneys eloquent of oold hearthstones below. She did not won der that the plaoe was avoided by ail, and was half sorry she had oome to it herself. She wrenched her mind away from the wonder whioh of the trees had been nsed as a gibbet, and resolutely reoalled the old time, striving to fill the silenoe and desola tion with this movements of men and the glow of oamp fires. The yard enoloBnre was gone, b'ut a broken gate post etuok np in front, like a last tooth in the jaw of old age. B.uih dismounted and fastened her horse to it. The pathway to the house was distinot still and well beaten, but the poroh itself was unsound, and sagged mournfully away from the building. Ruth crossed it dubi- ously and laid her hand on the door. As Bhe did so her horse whinnied sharply, and Bhe glanced baok at bim, startled. There was nothing in sight : so, eonoluding that the beast was simply protesting against being left, she pushed open the door and entered. The room to the right of the hall was the one in whioh the jovial general and his staff had toaBted her on that far away morning. She glanoed at it onriously, noting its utter desolation and the dirt and dilapidation which spoke of its hideous after days. She proceeded np the stairway, trying to revivify old associations and emotions, and failing signally. The 'now' was omnipresent, and for tho then there eonld be only the unsqb- stantiality of a ghostly return. It was of Guthrie, not of the gay young Confederate, that Ruth thought as she orossed the upper hall and entered the small room in which their interview had taken plaoe. Here it was better : the room was moderately clean, and the window, while de nuded of a pane or two of glass, retained its sashes. The gloom without had lifted a little, and what scant sunshine there was entered and lay in a . segmented square on the floor. A shabby old table, too forlorn to tempt theft, stood in the centre of the room, and beBide it a broken-baoked chair, whioh seemed somehow to torn the edge of the general desolation. Rath 89ated herself and strove loyally to bring baok the past, even removing her gloves so that she might derive inspiration from the wonder- witoh's ring. So intent wa9 she that she did not notice the noiseless opening of an inner door, or the equally noiseless advance of a man in grey uniform. It was only when a quiet voice said, 4 It's pretty Lard work conjur ing it all baok, isn't it?' taat -ihe looked np in terror, with her heart in her throat, to behold— the Confederate ! For a delirious instant it seemed to her that she most be trysting with a ghost, and then Guthrie's voioe, entreating forgiveness for a sordid triok was in her ears, and Guthrie's strong hands held hers in their olasp. Then, in a moment their eyes had spoken, and a great spell broke over her, and she was gathered close in hiB arms, olinging on his breast, with his lips seeking hers, and her heart all a-tremble with relief and love and comprehension. OHAPTER XIX.. In the first flash of recognition, the link ing together of her present and past, the realization that this new love of hers was bat a delayed growth and blossoming from tho old root, Ruth yielded herself gladly and let love have its way. But after a little her omnipresont honesty reasserted ifself . She pnshed Guthrie from her with a quiok exclamation that she had no right,— that ha was the property of another. Guthrie, thanks to a hint from Miss Vandau not utterly at eea, quietly drew her close again, holding her face against his breast aud explaining that »hu herself, and no other woman, had held the first plaoe in his heart since the far away morning when he had bidden her farewell in the room down below aod left with her his pledgo. The neighbourhood had made a most natural blunder, he' affirmed, but one exceedingly annoying to all parties. Then he laughed gayiy and bade Ruth look to her own flesh and name for Miss Vandan7s lover. Fate had given Hngh a ohanee at retaliation for scores by a bit of Northern oonqneBt, and, if signs went for anything he had embraced ! his opportunity. Ruth professed herself satisfied, and, hand in hand, they prooeeded downstairs, reviving the past more suooessfnlly in company. On their way oat, they visited the lower room, whioh by some singular optioal delusion ap peared to emerge from the hideousness of later happenings and even to take on a bit of reflex cheerfulness. Guthrie produced the roan filly from an outhouse, where she had been stabled (a faot already commented on by the descendant of Lapwing), and the pair rode away to gether. Daring the ride Gathrie explained sundry other matters. At Miss Vandan's instigation he had shaved off his beard, and borrowed Hugh's old uniform, whioh for tunately fitted him fairly well. He had made an extra early start and oome np to the gap that day, halting for a midday rest at a honBe in the notoh. His intention had been to go straight to Miss Randolph's, bat be had missed his way a little, and finally tamed aside into a field to interview a boy ahont it. While talking he had a glimpse of her, on horsebaok, in the road, and like an inspiration it oome over him where she was going. Previons knowledge of the country, and a few hurried directions from the boy, enabled him to utilise a short oat, and, by hard riding to get to the goal ahead of her. Hugh had told him that the house was unoccupied. The roan filly had proved her metal and been safely hidden in the out house full three minutoB before Rath had emerged from the pine forest. From an upper window he had watohed her approach, assured of the hold which the old time must have on her by her coming; and also by her wearing tbe hat with the orossed bayonets. Then he put out his hand and took hers and drew the glove from it, that ho might lay his lips to her fingers as he had done long ago. He drew off the ring, and then replaced it with, as he said, a deeper sig nificance. And while the horses moved slowly, side by side, he told her a brief resume of its history. (The End.) 