fe KRW .ciIOCK-IIEADED PETER. IGO years ago Dr. lleinrich Hoffmann, fr medicine at Frankfort, wrote and B x treatise on morula for his children. Hs were so much impressed by it that guaded him to publish it, and since then rchildren have been faithfully taught to fee slovenly habits of "Shock-headed find (he various inisdemcanore of his Sis. We are Informed by an erudite Ger- lt the moral effect of this work is dis- EL-. The awful examples cited by Dr. £ as wnrninga against cruelty to animals fits, playing with matches, and misbchav- fhblc, have given quite a feverish stimu- Bc naughtiness of little German boys and lis is not promising for the moral sue- Sr. Bcgbic and Mr. Gould, who, we are Ik only to the spiritual improvement of He men they have admonished alter the p Dr. Hoffmann. Their book is a faithful 1 (parody is a misleading term) of the itures and binding of the great original, feinted In the English version, which live not neglected, for it is in its forty- Bition. Mr. Gould's "Struwwelpeter" Is Hsh Lion, whose sad state is thus de- p Mr. Bcgbic:— foee the British Lion pose IjVildly groping for his focal pfen who tinker up the laws gNeve r manicure his claws; und you will observe with pain rao one ever critops Ids mane; fisting that he's so neglected. V EDo you wonder he's dejected? |ws "The Story of Cruel Joseph" She story of cruel joseph. m is cruel Joseph, seel Utter, stinging tongue has he. (thumps each brother member's head Si ancient words that they have said; fleers the Rod, he teased the Tory— Ethat is quite another 6toty— threatened once to strike, 'tis said, gold nurse, Sarum, on the head, gtrough was full; the greedy Boar mk quarts and quarts, yet dirtied more; md while he quaffed the grateful flow, a kept one eye on cruel Joel gffuscph, when he had cracked his whip, tin to speak ot fellowBhlp; Raid he did but bring a letter fek if Mistress Boar was butter, BBoar3 by nature are suspicious, Brit poor Joe— he was so vicious! E, humbled, Joseph crept to bed, m horrid buzzing in his head, ivifiions came; lie looked, O lori Me his coucli the horrid Boar mn vainly he had tried to floor. Joseph bides his time to smack Kslotid, grinning Krugcr back, Sparks the ghost with steely eye, Rhpx tlmt tremble to reply; spill he swallows, and declares spoons arc best for Boers and Bears: Ek pulling the wings off a poor fly (tht air. Labouohcrc), beating1 "his.old nurse jjrtnlc a cat, crushed flat by a volume of g wears the pathetic' visage of Mr. John On the next pugo he tries his luck with Hy Boar," Mr. Krugcr. Kjy i the Wicked Wn/a" relates how ith a fine African - jomplexion and a EVrc! u'...was .twmated by "Tommy" gay. , with a vrtTd Ilaroo," and "Labby," ilfrid Lawson dipped them in a well of uch kept his humor "dry." Still more ft. is the adventure of the "Bunnygorst," Keel the Duke s' gun and banged at ft anyiliing, with the deplorable result Btfful British baby lion ... . Blown his satchel with a shout, wiped and danced and skipped about. Bri he said,' "What does- it matter, K the less 4 the more they clatter!" Wear," though warned by "Undo" not ftyot!r» tl,oufllt8 on golf," or the "Push- (would cut bis "pretty hands clean off," gy heedless. gni'lc scarce had turned his back— . Kclied a gingham from the rack gve a paper-weight a whack! BP of Mr. Balfour golfing with the El . is ono of the hap- »c« o' Mr. Gould's fancy. The Push- S® V , 1 a Piir of shears and snips w. dear's", hands:— : ifm? ynu .P,eadlnff nought avail— Bs off Salisbury's entail! i'parablo for "Arthur" to meditate! BT of the Protestant Wlio Wouldn't" Ifo s.tacs by which SJr William 8 chubby Augustus acquires "a mysti- Kp.c,0"!f8» aml becomes "ordained." ioln TTUp6Mt,n£ c,ulIp' Mp- Mr- Shta" -i!, fadn";Air' m into £% ayd . Bishop "flying K aia nmbrella, are replete with mural K)ry ?F JOHNNY HEAD-IN-AIR. £ again, with tilted nose, »ny member for Montrose, Bf with lfarcourt coalition Rh? art of composition: W a Plan! kwoa how the letters ran: KcroEs-currcnts are about «iwo ehapa are going out." . ayd' Bad tJiInk, R f resignation' brink, »t Chelsea, by tljo river; Ida colleagues shiver, n the dear soles in a row, . » their Johuny acting eo. KnPhHl! T. rauch for hint, Bhu ®wim; ' B#!i « if without delay . pa their heads and went away wt$'& ' fywg' out of place,' « writ,nff ease: near - thc 'Abbey, r lln?nnan and Labby i heforelic Bank hI neatly to the bank. r KteiMtW1?! ol Mr. Oouldia di.- B to 'V'fe W'redatetl with- Upolot .Si i Hoffmann drawines. Rio icturJ? xloft' i9 like tl,C6c "0® "« J® i' "'1" which accompany them. Bre a in Uie few artists BLmUm i of Lord Rose- BfactaU ' V'?.90l0.nlal Sooootn" BKa mnri i,' "'"i dlllloult to aav Kry or of Si?wUni " delinoo"on Btblv m«Li. William Harcourt. On tlio untfiri' SS "PWot- Hided l'ci.r n» 2" 'n A"0 Si'lse.of K ter the earlier German 