THE PEDDLERS' PACK. ! '. It ain't a very plensant story," naici tho | landlord of thn Long Puck, ?* but I like to tell 1 it sometime* just to remind myself that tbe worst thing a man can have in this world is a hot, obstinate temper. " You see, I came to this coast floon after tbe gold fever brokuoubnnd Bel tied down tu the Santa Bmbara valley, below here, ranching, 1 was a widower even tl en, and had brought with me from tbe Stntt-R iny only child, a daughter past 17. She was a pretty girl, if 1 do say it, and being as good HS pretty you cnti imagine 1 was quilo wrapped up in her. Of course, I was anxious to keep her with me, und if not that nt least 1 looked for hereto do something hotter than fnll in lovo with a peddler." -1* Ami uid she." " Yes. You nee, in those days the couutry was full of young fellows who hod struck out for themselves imil were trying to get a start by currying knickkinu k« mound from one miniug enmp to another. Some of them were lively cbnps enough ami well educated,but 1 was fresh Irora the States,with all tho eastern prejudices, aud it almost drove me wild when Nellie told me she wanted to marry a young fellow who brought his pack through our district a gooil duil of teller than the trade seomed to require. I was a hot ttmpered fool in those days, so 1 stormed, threatened, locked Nellie up for a werk aud sent word to her lover that I had loaded my gun for wild cats aud peddlers." , .' What did Nullo do ?" 1 " You might have guessed it. One day when I came back from a cattle sale she was missing. I chased her a couple of days, hut they had taken to the woods, and it was of no use. After awhile I got a letter from Frisco, aud 1 wrote back saying that 1 bad disowned her, und that he bad better keep out of the laugo ot my rifle." .' What did you do then ? " Suffered, mister, just suffered. I knew 1 was wrong, but I'd have died rather thau give in. For five years 1 lived like a toad in a rock, hating tho whole world. All the pleasure I had WkS ill watching for peddlers. The number 1 thfsed off the ranch during that time would BBtom&h; you. .' One evening after a terrible rainstorm a peddler came to my bouse and asked for a shelter for the night He was a thin, weak looking fellow, with his face covered with a l uge, ragged biard. He carried on his bock an enormously long aud I eavy pack and seemed so exhausted with his tramp through the mire that I hadn't the heart to do more thsn order bim i<l£ thu place." " That was pretty hard,1'said the listener. " 1 suppose it waB. 'Che pi tidier seumed all broke up when he found I wouldn't even give him a bunch of straw in the stable, and uo i.ther house within twelve miles. Instead of complaining, however, he merely beggi d that 1 would let him leave his. pack, which he said contained goods of vulue, under shelter from therein. J finally consented to this. So, as 1 had sworu none of bis trudu should ever crow, my threshold, I carried his pack insi le, wh'-li its owner limped off to crawl under some bus' or other," .' Didn't you feel mean ?" " Yes. meau and hitter nt the same tim', for something about thu u»*u u minded me or Nellie's huBbaud a little. However, I locked and barred all fclio doors and windows us usual, lor some road agents had been around tbosu parts about that time aud had stopped and robbed feveral ranchers, mid, as 1 told you, I was all alone. Somehow I couldu't go to sleep wheu uttwr that I went to bed. After toBSing around for awhile I got up and sat by the lire, brooding over my turn tile and trying not to think of the poor chap shivering out there in tin cold and rain somewhere. I looked at his pack sitting up i» the room and wonderid what made it so long. " As I watched it, I fsneied T saw it move." '. Saw it move P" " Exictly. X wouldn't believe my own eye* nt first, but after watching intently for awhile 1 distinctly saw the front of a hand pressed against the canvas from the inside. Like a fljsli then I understood the whole thing. The pedd ler was one of the road agents' gang, aud, knowing I bad considerable money about the house, thoy had adopted that plan for smug gling one of their crew inside the house. Alter I had gone to Bleep the fellow inside could let in the rest and finish the job. I walked quietly across tho room, took my gun from the antlers, knelt down a few fret from the pack, nimeii square in the centre and pulled the trigger." " Go on," murmured the listener, with a shudder. " But the gun didn't go off," continued thu landlord, olearing his throat. " The nipple was tusty aud wouldn't work, so X laid down the 1-iflo and got an axe from the kitchen. It had been newly ground that day, and when I lifted it over uiy head X counted upon cleaving that pack, robber aud all, clear to the ground. J ust as I raised the a* aud braoed myself for the blow I saw a ghost." " A ghost ? " "Yes,sir. TLe pack opened, and 1 saw stick ing out of its top tho curly yellow Lair of my Nellie wheu she waB a little tot of 4. The 3hock staggered me so that X sank on my knee?. 1 wiped my eyes snd wondered if I had not pore ci"*zy. I was almost certain of it when the ghost stretched out a pair of chubby white arms aud said : " ' Row do, grandpa ? 1 " " Ah," said tho guest, with a relieved sigh, " I begin to see. Aud what did you do then ? " ' " 1 don't exactly know," said the landlord, softly, 11 but if there is anything that will bend a stiff, stubborn ueck quicker than the arms ol a little ohild, I'd like to know what it is. X put the tired little prisoner down by the fire, opened the door and hold out my arms " " And the mother ? "' " Yes," nodded the landlord. " They wne both there, and, mister, I gutsa that's the end of ii y story." And the old man wiped his eyes. .' You muflt excuse me,but that was a wet even ing, und somehow I haven't got quite diy since.'' ?' 