Jlebotionai Papa. LINES OF COHESION. A Paper read by Eev. E. C. Nugent Kelly, M.A., at the Devotional Meeting in the Chapter-house, on 'Tuesday, September 26th. After all, though we are pledged by our baptismal vows to a spiritual warfare, and though the Church on earth must ever be the Church militant, yet we are enlisted under the Prince of Peace, and the terms of our commission are terms of earnest charity, of goodwill to all men. Our warfare is an aggressive benevolence, a spiritual sympathy which will not be denied, a pursuit of conquest which shall bring the enemies of our Master into the welcoming circle of our loyal brotherhood. JLU ISs 11«J UiauiUilUlCl UUtJll Ui UUL ZitSUil 1UI UlUbll, ilU lUlSclKHlg OI OU1 unceasing warfare, that we should turn thankfully, and in a spirit of devotion, to emphasise the elements of peace in our position. In ' contending for the faith once delivered to the saints,' we may have occasion, like St. Paul, to withstand a brother to his face, or, looking at the larger community of the Church, reluctantly to admit that we hear there are divisions — yes, and even ' contentions' — in the Body of Christ. But how gladly does the spiritually-minded man turn from the duty of. reproving the error to the privilege of acknowledging the brother ; how gladly does he pass from the anxious reckoning of divisions to the cheering remembrance that in one spirit we were all baptised into one body ! It is with no intention of minimising the questions which divide Clrris tian men into groups, nor of ignoring the seriousness of the principles involved in these divisions, that I have ventured to suggest as the theme of our devotional meeting to-day the gentle cords which bind us in God's great peace. My object is a simple one. I am profoundly convinced that it is a most wholesome exercise of the spiritual faculties to direct our minds habitually to lines of cohesion rather than of cleavage. I do not pretend that lines of cleavage are not both natural and inevitable. The wedges which lay them open are often most vital doctrines of the faith. The necessities of daily work in the quarries of practical Christianity must often deal sturdy blows upon these wedges ; and by virtue of their inherent and natural lines of cleavage, the blocks are severed from their native rock, and may be split up further into- convenient slates for the l'oofing of theological temples. But though the tradesman will consider this facility of splitting the most important property of slate, the lover of science will recognise an antecedent law in its formation, and remind us that there would be no slates at all were not the structural forces in the lines of cohesion stronger than the divisional forces in the lines of cleavage. For the work of theological controversy, the readiness of Christian doctrines and ecclesiastical formulae to divide into fine and self consistent lines is most convenient. But in the deeper study of the heart and soul we may sometimes recognise in less obtrusive facts more fundamental spiritual properties; and we may in contemplating these win deepest peace of soul. It is then simply as an aid to devotion that we approach this special consideration of Christian doctrines. And I suppose there could be no two opinions that the most fundamental and characteristic doctrine of the Christian faith — -that which divides Christendom as one great whole from all other portions of the human race — is the doctrine on which all salvation turns : the doctrine of the Divinity of our Lord — God Incarnate, God in Christ reconciling the world unto Himself. Now even here the minds of men diverge. They absorb this great fact of the faith in different ways. I have the distinct impression on my mind that it might safely be said that the Oriental Church would emphasise the Incarna tion, the Western the Atonement. Certainly among ourselves there are distinct differences, owing to different methods of co-ordinating these two truths : the Incarnation must result in the Atonement say some; the Atonement necessitates the Incarnation say others. But is it not a most helpful exercise of the spirit to turn from methods of stating these doctrines to realise that all Christendom can lift up a united voice in the confession of the dual truth in which we all alike find grace and life and glory? 'I believe in one Lord Jesus Christ ... God of God, Light of Light, Very God of Very God . . . Who for us men and for our salvation came down from heaven, and was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary . . . and was crucified also for us.' There is our strong fundamental truth; there are offered to us all lines of cohesion which make us recognise as brethren upholding the same symbol of the faith a wider circle than even the confines of our own Church. This unites all Church men; this faith we hold with all Western Christendom; and this same loyal confession of Christ's Atoning Incarnation unites us also to the great orthodox Churches of the East. The old truth in which St. Paul gloried has a new-meaning to-day. Not only Jew and Gentile, but Eastern Christian and Western Christian, Evangelical and Catholic, Protestant and Latin, may, if they will, find food for spiritual joy in the old truth, that 'now in Christ Jesus ye who were sometimes far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ, for He is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition . . . that He might reconcile both unto God in one body by the Cross. ' In our practical duty of interpreting Christ and His salvation, to arouse the careless and reclaim the godless, we find much to criticise — often much to lament — in the methods and tools of our fellow -work-, men. But what a real inspiration there is in the fact that we all present Christ as the Name of our salvation. Why, it warms us to the i ?'» ._i'i» . ._ _ i« p* i ~w\ ? i I'll ? . i c /I ? 1* _ ? J J.L. _11 *.l™ _« „ ».!?- n UDerai iervour oi ou. jraui tin we say . urttue ue wim uu ixju&b; wuu love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity.' 'No man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost. ' With all our lamentable divisions we can pray for the reuniting of Christendom with some basis of faith for our prayers. Bishop Westcott may well say in his Exposition of the Creed : ' Let us rate the differences of Christians as highly as we will, there yet remains a common faith in the presence of which they are almost as nothing. He who believes — to take the ground of the apostolic message on the Day of Pentecost — that Christ rose from the dead, he who is baptised into Him, he who rejoices, though trembling, in the pledge of a glorified humanity, is divided from the world without by an interval as wide as that between life and death. In this one faith, one baptism, one hope of our calling, lies a universal fellowship of believers, the symbol and the earnest of the brotherhood of men, the single truth which taken alone distinguishes forever Christ from ancient thought. ' And even if we go further in the creed which lies at the very basis of the Church's life, we shall find more to encourage us, more to emphasise our true brotherhood. The mighty voice of Christendom resounds the great rallying cry of all higher life and all Christian virtue with something like unity: ' I believe in one God the Father Almighty, and in one Lord Jesus Christ, and in one Holy Spirit.' Yes, and we — we who meet here to prepare our minds for the business of Church Assembly —we have no hesitation in following on with our witness to the goodness of God when we add, ' I believe in one Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church.' At once a divergence of interpretation appears. But before we insert our cold wedges of s^eel-like logic to make subtle divisions in this truth, we may build 6ur altar to the Lord with the unchiselled blocks. We all attach some meaning to our membership in one Church; we all bear witness to the fact that it is a fundamental conception of the Christian faith — a doctrine acknowledged in all our creeds— that there is a spiritual reality, of which the words ' I believe one Catholic and Apostolic Church,' are the symbol. And we all attach at least this much practical importance to the symbol, that we hold with the Twentieth Article, that ' the Church hath power to decree rites or ceremonies, and authority in controversies of faith.' There is perhaps no point in our common position in which division goes deeper than here. Yet even here it might be a most profitable spiritual exercise to seize all possible opportunities of realising the indisputable fact that all the clergy are brother ministers of the self-same household, and that clergy and laity alike are pledged members of the same family. By emphasising and acting upon these obvious truths we should more frequently find spiritual strength ; we should oftener contribute the stones we have won in the quarry of God's grace to rear peaceful altars for common worship and mutual pledges of loyalty, before we carried them off piecemeal to fortify our own camps. Now, what none can fail to notice is, that when each of us according to his light presses home along the path of his own interpretations, he finds all the divergent lines of our many views tending to a common centre in sincere loyalty to the Person of our Lord Jesus Christ. There are good, true men who are jealous for that Holy Name, and therefore dread to see or hear the Church spoken of in terms of a loyalty and reverent love which they fear may detract from the honour due to the Lord Himself ; but to many others it savours of disloyalty to Christ that His Body — the Church, the Lnmb's wife, the Bride — should seem to be lightly esteemed. Oh, what severance of brethren has grown from this ! And what a loss to ignore the fact that both views alike spring from a loyal devotion to the Person of the Saviour of us all ! Those who magnify the loyalty due to Holy Church do so because they have the Lord's own authority for believing that Church to be identified with Himself. It is Christ in her which makes her all glorious within. A little more clearness on one side in stating this central truth of. all Church doctrine, and on the other a little further vecoguition of this common loyalty to the one Christ, would certainly strengthen the hands of all, and relieve many a perplexed soul. So with the great doctrines of the sacraments — the sacred charge committed to the Church's keeping. To take, for example, Baptism : I for one find myself unable to comprehend how some of my brethren reconcile their interpretation of this sacrament with the language of the Liturgy or the Catechism. They, again, may find it hard to reconcile my interpretation with their views of spiritual grace generally. Now what remains to us both is this : we can rejoice, at any rate, that both alike practise what Christ has commanded, and each may be thankful to see that the other has loyally received the Church's commission ' to minister the sacraments of Christ as this Church and realm hath received the same.' This is by no means to weaken our distinctive teaching. And as one passes in review — what is impossible here:- all the scheme of the practices and doctrines and sacraments of our Church, the fact becomes very manifest that we. already are all bound in bonds of peace in a common duty — in acts and prayers and ministrations which witness to truths of God great beyond our limited interpreta tion. And as we studiously seek to cultivate Christian fellowship with those so bound to us, we see ' the proportion of the faith' made clearer and stronger. In seeking in a spirit of liberal love to under stand each other, we see the great primal truths grow larger in our own eyes. To recognise these great cardinal principles as bonds of unity is surely a wholesome discipline of the soul, for it throws us back on the strongest, most necessary, most universal of the doctrines of salvation. But in a devotional meeting may one not suggest something more ? Is it not a duty we owe to God, to the Church Catholic, to our own Church, to seek out, emphasise, and enlarge these great truths which are the means of drawing us closer to each other? We all .at times, perhaps, have experienced the depression of the prophet who seemed to find himself in utter isolation : '? I only am left.' The persistent tide of cruel worldliness surrounds us, the waters come in even unto our soul, God's Church seems honeycombed with weaknesses, men's faith is darkened, we think ; and then from among our misjudged, misunderstood brethren, when our heart is humbled, and we are ready to forsake the whirlwind and the earthquake for the still small voice of the spirit of love,' we discover in our \ ery brethren beside us whose orthodoxy we had doubted, that God has in truth reserved a multitude of faithful witnesses for Himself and a loyal brotherhood for our oppressed souls. So by this exercise of the deeper spiritual life, I believe we Shall always find our personal faith made more robust, and we shall also strengthen our brethren for the great work of Christ's Church. This work surely is to wage incessant war with the awicma and the dvo/xia— the spirit of no faith and the spirit of no obedience— which are the deadly foes of all spiritual life. Nothing, we all allow, so strengthens this spirit of no-faith in the world as the idea that we who profess that ' faith conquers the world' have really no common faith at a'l. Let the ' I-only-am left' tone yield to the joy of spiritual sympathy, and very speedily will loyalty to the Lord Jesus Christ and the earnest desire to uphold His Name declare itself powerfully as the one great inspiring force behind all the manifestations of the Church's vaiied activities — the bond of peace in all our irksome differences. And so our fath in the Catholic Church of Christ will be steadily built on the firm foundation of practical ethics. It is of small efficiency to hold this faith and ignore the claims of brotherhood with our immediate neighbours. It wa3 the son of thunder, Johannes Boanerges, who in his ripe old age left the problem for each generation to solve afresh : 'If a man love not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen ?' It were always well, perhaps, to remember that even the profession of a Catholic creed may be made in a sectarian spirit. But freely and gladly taking our stand on the catholicity of the Church, we may make this truth a great means of educating our own souls in that 'sweetness and light' which .are surely the marks of a truly Christian spirit. It -is an indisputable fact that the human race, for all that it is a homogeneous whole, is composed of a marvellous series of races and national types, and within these limits again, of an infinite variety of individual minds {quot homines, tot xententia). The great claim of the Church's catholicity is not only consistent with this fundamental fact of life, but rt may well be urged that it is a very essential feature of its catholicity that it provides not only a strong basis of unity, but that that very unity is preserved by a generous recognition of variety of function and different methods of development. So, 'God fulfils Himself in many ways, Lest one good custom should corrupt the world.' This is what makes St. Paul such a profound teacher of the catholicity of the Church of Christ. It is for all men and for all time. It' holds in itself the germ of every human virtue, of every divine activity, therefore —seems St. Paul's argument - allow the fullest possible scope for different variations of godliness. He will himself practise Jewish aids to devotion ; he will hurry from his active missionary work to keep a feast in Jerusalem which still serves as a bond of unity between God's people Israel and the infant Christian Church not yet weaned from its Hebrew mother ; he will himself use the Law, but- he will also protect the liberty of the Gentile Christian to refuse it. St. Paul's deep charity ani incisive doctrinal keenness are alike the fruit of the strong hold which his heart as well as his brain had upon the inwardness of this great feature of our faith : variety as a condition of unity ; differences of administration as an evidence of the one spirit. And I humbly submit for the consideration of this meeting that in the natural variety in types of Christian thought within the limits of our own Church (if the lines of cleavage are not exaggerated into all forgetfulness of the lines of cohesion) there is offered to us a most helpful means of cultivating a patient, earnest, brotherly gracious ness of spirit, a means of educating our souls in true liberal ethics. For if we would teach him that lacketh the fulness of our truth, we niusi at least make it clear that we have been at pains to do justice to his honesty. Here is a constant mental and spiritual exercise, which rightly directed will serve more and more to bring into prominence the .'proportion of the faith,' and to elucidate the consensus of our witness to the great Name of Him who has not only reconcile I the individual believer to God. but has deepened for ever the ties of human brotherhood by revealing the source of all Christian virtue to be an embodying of the deepest principle of God's own Life, and to consist in a charity of love which ' suffereth long and is kind, which envieth not, which vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil, rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth, beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, en iureth all things. Charity never faileth ; but whether prophecies, they shall fail; whether tongues, they shall cease; whether knowledge, it shall vanish away. For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. . . And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.' 