THE C:HOST:OF B COMPANY A' '' CORPORAL'S YARN. h T"he immorality of. hostes," said the corporal in charge.of the squad, .has r "Immortality," suggested the too-fresh recruit . h "Shut your face, sir! I said immorality t and immorality it is! Get out there and lhustle some wood for the fire-you and o your immortality. I was saying, when e that would-be colleger opened his baby face, that the Im-mor-al-ity of ghostses is curious-they're as fond of the wee men after death as before. You read a the books and see if the spooks ain't back because of a woman half the time. There was Reddy Rodd, as was struck on Lucy Kleinhart, in B Company, . He r was after her every:day when he was Sallye, and do you think he let her alone after he was shot? No; he ha'nted her." "When was that, corp'ral?" n "I'll tell you when Mr Jimmie Fresh has stirred the fire, for yer souls'll freeze s before I'm done. 'Twas lo-ong back, when I was fresh myself, and prided myself that I knew.more than my supe Sriors. So 'twas lo-ong back, when my face was pink like a baby's, and my y mouth was open with no cause, and my o conceit-" r "Try my tobacco, corporal, do," cried a the recruit, hurriedly. : "We-ell," said the non-com., filling his u pipe and forgiving the recruit. "It was a boy I was, and Reddy Rodd was to me h what I am now to you, young fellow, a y father and protector, and, when it was needed, a castigator. "There's no girls in the army now like the girl Lucy Kleinhart was. Lucy's dad, old Klelnhart, was a war man, but rt only'a private, 'cause of beer. There so was'another corp'ril in the company, and a his name was Meigs. Meigs and Rodd of had joned together, an' been promoted te almost simul-simult-" . of ."Simultaneously," said the recruit. a- "Shut your face," yelled the corporal :e "You're not a dictionary, are you? Fetch some morewood. They was promoted n- almost together. They was thick as n, ever, was them two bunkies, till each so got his narrow stripe.-Lucy was a short ad frocked girl at the post school ut when the First joined but in a n- year or two says Reddy Rodd m to Meigs at a hop - ' That 'there as girl of Klelnhart's grown up immense, he he says. 'She's big enough for a corp'rll tt- to dance with,' he says. So he danced Is. with her, and then Melgs he danced with od her, an' them eyes they.jUst struck both od of 'em like Mauser bullets, so they did r- So 'twas soon, when Reddy Rodd was in nd structing of me in the. antelope shooting one day out by our two selves oh leave, ce, says he-'You're a sensible boy,' he says. o- 'Look at me fair,' he says. ' Am to I not a fine build of a man?" he says e- In truth he was, and I told him so-poor de old Reddy. 'You're a sensible boy, and lil can keep a tight upper lip,' says he, 'so in tell me straight-d'ye think Lucy Klein 'er hart *ould have me.' An' I told him to e- go in and win, I s'pose it eased him like or to get an opinion on his case, like when re you have a touch of malaria. He asked lie her, and the very same night Meigs, he er asked her, and there It was. They was xt both fine, smart men, and bound to rise to in the army, and Lucy she didn't know ed which to take and kept a-playin' with ed them, till they was worried and sick and n- wouldn't talk more than civil-them as had been so thick. p- "Ye mind the year or two after the in Custer massacre? Well, we was busy he them days: '76 was busy times, but the at '78 campaign was lively, too. We was up through it, an' of course the weemen an' la, girls was left at the post One night ws, we was in camp at a bend- in a ig reds, we knew, wasn't very far away, 'cause we'd seen 'em spyin' on us from y ne uturs., uut they - weren't in, force. e-What thr?.e as tother sloe fie creek;-an' the pi·kets had es orders to challenge but once, and "then hr fire if they sighted anything queer near Iw their post, for a daring devil had knifed it a sentry not long ago, without him hav of ing a chance to call out or give the alarm. is- Them young Injuns was always looking of out for a chance to distinguish them. ts selves in that there kind of way. as "Reddy Rodd was a corporal of the at guard that night,.but was taken sick, d, and Meigs was detained to relieve him. at Meigs went on just in time to post a re "s lief, and Reddy went back to his tent, stripped and lay down, but his sickness he would not let him rest, and he was up he and dpws, Well, Melgs-he was a care in ful man on duty-he wasn't satisfied n, with posting his relief, but, after he'd Id given the last sentry his orders pretty far of out of camp, he says to the fellows re !h lieved: 'Wait where you are a minute,' in says he; 'there's been whisky in camp Id this day, and there's whisky-boozing go t- ing on to-night outside caml), and I'm Is darned,' he says, 'if I don't nail 'em.' For i- t was no time for the boys to be drinkin', with Injuns around. Off goes Meigs, all id alone, to a little gully, which was the id place he meant. Next thing there was r, a shot and a yell and a cry from the cor id poral for the guard to come up. 1e "Meigs was cool, but the whole camp e was roused. "I got somethin' better than o" I expected,' says Meigs to the officer of in the day. 'No whisky, but another 1s sneaking Injun looking for a careless is picket to knife.' So he goes with the -n officer and the guard to a huddled-up t figure in a blanket they could hardly see r, because of the black night. 'A good n shot,' says the officer of the day, 'very d good, corp'ril,' he says, and strikes a g match, and back he jumps. Good lord, corporal!' he cries. 'It's Corporal Rodd' It And it was. The sickness had let him k get no rest, and he'd Just swung his e blanket round him and slipped out of ,'mn a hit and met his fate. - "r "Melgs raved, so they had to put him under guard, and the accident made the e whole camp miserable. Soon after the Saccident, the winter setting in, we were ordered back to the post, the campaign for us being over, but days before that we laid old Reddy in the ground, with a headboard over him, so's we might find him again, if need be. Mighty sorry we tall were, for he was a fine build of a man. Still, we expected him to rest, and I'm thinking ghostses would have better jobs to be attending to where 1 they're put than coming back to their 1 old sweethearts. That's where their im moral-lty shows up, S"Well, Melgs he was like a dumb man ) for a long time when he wasi't raving, and sure we thought the man would Stransfer to another regiment, or at least ) to another company than old B Com t pany, but he didn't. He stayed on, and the officers were mighty sorry for him, and the weemen petted him for shooting his old bunkle by mistake. And Lucy Kleinhart, she was broken hearted at first, but came round, and be. fore Christmas she was consoling Melgs best she knew, and then two things hap pened. Our old First Sergeant he re tired for old age, and the old man made Meligs First Sergeant-he was a good sol. dier, was iMelgs. Sim-ul- tan-e-ously it was announced, so it was, that MeIgs was going to marry Lucy, and glad was old Kleinhart to see his daughter get so promising a man as Melga, for he was getting to be a wreck. "Well, I mind the night when Melgs faced us at retreat with the diamond on his chevrons, and called the roll. He'd been pale and thin. but was pick Ing up, and that night he was smiling. Off he rattles the roll in fine style with , no breaks, and the captain was crossing t the parade ground from his house when II Melgs steps to the end of the line. g "'Ri-l-lght dress!' says he, sharp and ii loud; for he had a fine commanding b voice, had Melgs. 'Steady, Front!' and e. back he starts for his place to salute the captain and report the "company pre- o sent or accounted for.' He didn't 'get i there right away. Half-way he stopped and, oh, boys, you should have seen the li horror In that poor devil's face! 'Twas ha a dead man, so it was, saving the way cc his lower jaw dropped down and Jerked sa up and dropped down and - jerked up, w Then'hiirisays, ia cracked, low Voice S'Twas an accident;ihe says, and walted at minute, as if listening to some one; anhdti the heups with his'rifle, butt to the front, and hits out at the air. We [ were all too astonished to move. Any. Sway, it was all over in half a minute. Meigs comes to himself, and' when the Scaptaiin arrived.though his face was white and his voice shook, he saluted all Sright and reported. But none of us dared to speak to. the new First that Snight, and he locked himself in his ot Sderly room. "But he was shook, and 'It was Reddy Rodd we saw,' was the whisper that night. Little Coxey, the trumpeter, son d of old Coxey of L Company, was my . neighbor in, barracks, his bunk next Smine in a corner.. The little man was all ashake with fear at the ghost stories he heard that. evening before taps, and 'Bill let's you and me- double up,' says She after tattoo. I was but a rawrrookie Smyself, and was glad of his conipany under the blankets, special when he was waked up near midnight by a howl from the orderly room, where Meigs slept h alone. We sat up and Coxey grabbed m y hand. That howl was not repeated, Sand after a minute the sergeant in Scharge of barracks gets up to the or derly-room door and knocked and asked Sif there was anything wrong. After a Stime Meigs answered - 'Nothing, ser geant. Sorry to have disturbed you. I guess I had a nightmare.' "'Twas Reddy Rodd he saw again, little Coxey whispered to me. 'Bill, da is you think it was really an accident s They were both in love with Lucy Klein e hart, weren't they?' a "'Don't you dare even to whisper such 9 things,'. I says, and he was still holding my hand when I got to sleep. Old Coxey 3 -he's with the cavalry now, a First SSergeant himself, and a fine build of a it man. SThem young trumpeters hear every Sword spoken in the post, and. Coxey must have heard what I had not. Nasty things were being said about our new First Sergeant. Everybody. thought that Lucy would-;have chosen Reddy Rodd in the end, and when the. mar rlage" with Melgs was spoken of, the boys said 'accidents always made room for . someone's promotion.' Coxey was not h the only one whispering.. \- D Company gave a hop the night after a that bowl from the orderly room, and it Swas a full-dress affair, and . the grand march was led oc by D's old man with rthe First's wife on his arm. Most ofus Swent, and when the officers had gone we 2 set in for the real dancing, and, of course, for the first.waltz Meigs goes up t toask Lucy. He was likea ghost him Sself, but she was as rosy and jolly as dever. She was standing right in the Smiddle of. the room, and we made way is for Meigs to reach- her, and watched e, them natural like, for they were to be I married the next week-week before m Christmas. Up steps Meigs to within s five paces, and there was no one be or tween them. Suddenly Megs stopped id short, and the sweat broke out all over 30 him, and his lower jaw dropped, and he 2 jerked up and dropped down and jerked to p, and his face was like the face of a e hanged man, .only white. Lucy was n smiling at- him when. he stopped, Sand when she saw him turn like le this she started to go to him, crying, is 'Are you sick?' But he didn't'answer, se and in.. a . second Lucy, she, too, w stopped stone still and the red ran from Sher cheeks and she shook. S " 'Reddy Roddr' she cried, and fainted. i "The fellows ran to help her, and some were going to catch Meigs, when he made he a spring at-at something, and began to Swrestle with- with it. It lasted a second, e and he was carried out frothing: at the i mouth. They carried him to the hospital, n and there he lay until the night of Christ ht mas Eve. S '"That broke up the dance, and there ng the fellows that y, -lnn ." i,.had a house In Laundress's-row, and I tell you his neigh hours were scared the night of the danc%. wasn't in a fit she was lying with staring 1 eyes, answering 'Yes' or 'No.' while she r listened to-Reddy Rodd. It was Reddy Rodd, and everybody knew his ghost was SIn the post, and you couldn't have got the n sergeant-major himself to cross the parade Sground after dark alone. And Coxey and me, we was mighty glad Meigs was in the hospital and not in his orderly room howl ie Ing at midnight. The hospital fellows said k. he was quiet enough up there and only a. asked to be let alone. Reddy Rodd's ghost 5- didn't bother him there-'cause It was t. busy fixing things up with Lucy. 'And s old Kleinhart, he says morning-after the P dance, Lucy wouldn't never marryrMeigs, but it was a good excuse for the old chap d to get drunk and be carried to the guard d house. r "Lucy was around the pbst in a day or two, but we didn't know her hardly. She'd pass you without seeing you, with a face P like milk. And sometimes her eyes would Sglare, and sometimes she'd cry, while she n helped her mother with the washtubs. You ir bet no one said 'Meigs' to her. But the Sscaringest thing about her was like it Shappened to me when I gave her good e morning at the post-office. She began to a talk to me, and all of a sudden she stop \- ped and her eyes was fixed and she says, faraway like, but a bit impatient. 'Yes P yes-yes. You do your part; I'll do mine. n I am quite strong enough.' She kept talk i ing to herself that way like, but Coxey and r I, we guessed that it was Reddy Rodd she is was a-talking to. And, mind you, it e was. Leave the fire alone, you. There's P light enough to listen by. e "Christmas Eve, Mother Brown-I mind her pies-she gave a party, she did, and y she didn't want to invite Lucy, 'cause she fa eared she'd spoil the fun with her queer ways, but she did, and Lucy came, and me, and Coxey, and Spud Murphy, as died here before the real fighting begun, and a only one or two more. We'd heaps of fun L and a bit of a dance and refreshments, so we had, and was feeling good, and Lucy a was behaving like herself again, but she e was pale. Two of the.fellows got larking, e and, begab, they smashed Mother Brown's be est cheeney teapot. Mother Brown took i It easy-rest her old bones; they lie In ' t what's Oklahoma now-but Lucy said it ' I was a shame, so it was, and the man who I did it should be court- nm.rtailled. So, for Sthe fun of the thing, we formed a court in I a proper form, and Lucy was president, and I , 'twas me was' judge-advocate, and we 1 e divided up the rest as witnesses and mem- 1 e bers of the court. Lucy took her seat at I r the table, and, eh! but her face was white I then! - - 1 "Says I: 'The court being now duly s formed, shall the prisoners be brought in?' E "Lucy was sitting facing the door, the ( table between her and it, and between the table and the door was a good clear space. I alan, you never saw such eyes as hers t that night 'They looked clean through A the door and up the hill to the hospital, I r and Into the hospital, and-at Meigs lying ( r there on his cot. "Mother Brown, all of a sudden, she s began to tremble and moan. "'What's the matter, Loo?' says she. n 'What are you looking at, Loo?' "And I looked round, and the faces of I the boys was worried and gray, and they was like cattle before a blizzard comes. , They didn't know what to do or whether p to run or not. I was all a-shake myself, a and the palms of my hands felt cold and ii damp. But I says again: 'Shall the - I prisoner-' and I got no further, for Lucy looks at the door as if someone ha3 1 come in, and says, in the queer, distant a voice she'd used at the post office: i " Ah! you have come? Yes. He is coming now--he is almost here.' "There was a big fire in the stove, but now it grew chill and chiller and cold, but " for the life of us we could not speak nor take our eyes from Lucy. And the oil c( lamps of Mother Brown they flickered and I grew dim, but still there was another light in the room, a queer, yellowish-. t blue light. Then I heard a voice in my P1 ear, close yet far away: 01 "'I like you, Bll . Don't forget me.' I it was freezing with fear, but I couldn't move. It was Reddy's voice. p1 "Then the door opens and in walks- JU Melgs. He was in the nightshirt they s0 had g:ven him in the hospital. He'd Ut come straight from his cot, but the nurses hC said they never saw him leave. The man m was half-corpse, but his eyes were glar. w Ing, and lhe looked.right ?i Lucy's eyes as he halte' before her. I wanted-- weall wanted-to lay hold of him and take him back to the bospltal,-but we couldn't--e, were like costs driven into the ground. "'You know the charge,' said Lucy. with them awful eyes on hlsa 'Did you kill Reddy Rodd intentionally? Are you guilty?' s'Guilty!' yelled Melgs, like a madman. 'Guilty, and I'd do it again for love of you! I knew where he'd go-outside the camp. I laid for him, as I'd laid for months, when I first knew he loved you best. Do what you will! If the devil himself had not come from hell to give me up, I'd have married you. Now I don't care if the whole post knows the truth.' Then Lucy turned to a corner where it was. "'I am satisfied,' says she. 'He acknow. ledges it. Do what you will.' "Then the sweat broke out- again on Melgs, and his lower jaw - dropped down and 'jerked up, and dropped down and jerked up; and he howled and howled and howled. "'Again!' he shouted. 'In my place on the parade, and at the dance, and here!' "And then something closed with him and threw him to the ground, and sud denly Lucy rose up and shrieked a genuine woman's shriek. "'Part them! Part them! Take him away! Drag him off! He's choking him! He's killing himl Reddy! Reddy! Don't. oh! don't!' "'Who do you say?' someone cried. "'Reddy Rodd!' she screamed, and tainted, and when we came to our senses the room was warm and the lamps shone. but Melgs was black in the face and dead." Round the camp fire they were properly affected, but the recruit remarked reflec tlively: "If an Indian went out on the crawl to knife a sentry, he would hardly cumber himself with a blank-" "Shut your face," yelled the corporal. "and fetch more wood."--"New York Sun." 