CHAPTER XI. 4/fc V ^ UE ERKARD 31 a ubray •was patting the finishing touches to the portrait of his wife, upou which uatH this day no eye bad fallen but h i i own. With mingled ad miration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. "It lives, Weber," cried the artist en thusiastically; "it almost breathes. What say yon ?" "It is wonderful!" replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. The sad note ia the doctor's Toice drew Mhubray's attention to him; but he turned tbe next moment to the engrossing creation of his loving fancy. "I did not wish you to seo it," he con tinued, 44 until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even-now I am scarcely satisfied; it is hardly worthy of the original, hut who could hope to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? Ic is my gift to her upon her return; when she looks upon it she will know that she has lived in my heart. Valerie's letters lead me to expect that I shall not have long to wait for our happy reunion." <4I have heard from her," said Dr. Weber. "From Gabrielle P" "No, from Valerie." Again the 6adness of his voice attracted the notice of the artist, and now he gazed upon his friend more attentively. 411 am guilty of great selfishness," he said, laying his hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. 41 It is the corse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifference. You aro in trouble." "Yes, I am in trouble ; but not alone for myself, Maubr^y. There are rorrowa which affect us deeply through sympathy with those we love." Maubray's face grew pale as he laid aside his palette and brushes. " Yoa have received a letter from Valerie. Does this sorrow touch me?" 14 It touches you, dear friend." " Valerie is ill," cried Maubray. "Then I must go to her. X was too weak and irresolute; they should not have gone without me. I must go to them at once—at once!" "Valerieis well," said Dr. "Weber, and his voice grew more grave. "Good God! It is Gahrielle! Tell me quickly—quickly! Why did not Valerie write to me? Speak, man, speak! There is something in your face " "Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not write to you direct because she feared the shock." "The shock!" exclaimed Mauhray, a vague terror stealing upon him. " She is on. her. way home; she will soon he here." " "With Gahrielle — oh, thank God ! Gahrielle is ill, but wo win nurse her into health. 3Iy care, your skill " His agitation overpowered him, and he could not proceed. "Valerie comes alone," said Dr. "Weber, solemnly. "Alone!" "Dear friend, there are griefs which need all our strength to hear. They come to all men; it is the hnman lot. Bat in the midst of our anguish we most not be regardless of those who are still left to us, and whose lore will help to soften even the bitterest strokes of destiny. The sense of duty remains; faith ! remains; and Time, the healer, will mitigate our sufferings." Gahrielle is dead!" said llaubray in a muffled tone, and turned bis face to the wall. " Algfl !" In that one word the revelation was clearly made. For many minutes neither spoke; then Dr. Weber said, "Valerie asked me to break the sad news; she enclosed a letter for ^ou.*" Leave me, Weber, said tho bereaved man. " Do not speak, I cannot bear it. She is gone! Gone!" He sank into a chair, and covered his face with his hands. A black desolation fell upon him ; joy died out of tho world ; nothing but pain ana sorrow remained. The imige of Gahrielle presented itself to him, as he first saw her in Paris whon love touched his heart; as he last saw her when she departed with Valerie. Had he but known—had he but known ! The image slowly faded, and the world was dead. He did not weep ; the blow was too crushing for the reliof of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on tbo table, and softly left tho room. It was a full hour before he stirred from , his recumbent attitude, and when ho raised his head his eyes rested upon the portrait of Gubriclic. Ho hud depicted her with a smile upon her face, and her lips seemed to be opening in the act of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should live and she he dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion : Ibc words swam in Ins sight* but reached his sense. " She died in peace. Dear father, he onmfrkffAil '* A cmil* hUtnr in its rebellion comforted." A smile, bitter in its rebellion i against the inevitable, came from his lips. I " Be comforted I " What could comfort aJ man living iu a dead world! j This was a great tragedy in Bernard ITau I bray's life, but iti the heart of this tragedy j was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by j Valerie, the knowledge of wbich would have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror; a secret which wouhHiavo shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was the desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort; that the presence of Madame Hart inann, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort; that sceingtbem day by day. with the consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, animated only with the loving desire to find u way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. " What can we do for yon, dear Bernard ?" said Madame Hurtmuim. "Leave me to myself," he replied. 44 Nothing will help me but solitude. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief." So it fell out—for their pleadings were useless—that Valerie was once more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. "You are not angry with me, father?" she asked him on the day of her departure. " Angiy with you, my child ? No—no !" " You will send for me! You will let me come home again !" 44 When X am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you." Ah, the pity in her face—the tender com passion with which she embraced the father she loved and honoured I Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, ho*, tears to her eyes, in the solemn watches of the night ? No, it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at poace, but no grave so deep as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him self secluded in Crow's Nest admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and he came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health, 4 It is useless to expostulate," 6aid the doctor; "I am here, and hero I intend to remain. Friends aro scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You are not over-pleased to seo me. Very good—or rather, very bad. Neither am I over-pleased to see you in the state yon are. My dear Maubray—my dear Maubray!" The underlying affection in this little speech IimnvTlt. ft fninf rnnAnnivo tmiln f/\ trnnlimi.>a brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lins. ~" I ana glad to sco you, "Weber," ho 6aid. "Forgive the coldness of ray welcome." " I will forgive everything when I see the Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray that I see now—why, ray dear friend, you are like a ghost! Now let us be practical. What is the matter with you?" " I cannot sleep." " For how long has this been so ?" " Many months." " 1 am going to examine you. No protests! I know mybusioes:*, and you know yours. No denying that; and no denying either that to waste a talent—a God- given talent—is a heinous trin. How many pictures have you painted this last year?" "Not one." " Then you have long arrears to pull lip. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to an ungrateful posterity." "I cannot do it." "You shall do It. It is the only favour I have ever asked of you, and I will not be denied. I will give you the fir.st sitting to-morrow. Remember, lamyourphysicinn." | " I cannot put brush to canvas till I get j some sleep." I "I will ensure you sleep; the lonely life I you are leading is sufficient to destroy your | nerves and your brain. When did you hear from Valerie last ?" " Yesterday." " Is she well?" " She says so." " "When did yon write to her last?" 11A fortnight ago." There was reproach in tho glance Dr. Weber cast upon Muubray, and he felt it. Life was beginning to stir within him ; the friendly imperious uess, the healthy boistcr ousncss of the doctor were telling upon the naturally healthy organisation of the artist. " It is not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valerie—your only child, who loves yon devotedly." '1 Do I neglect her ' "Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray?" " No. Yon are right in much that.you say, in ranch that you imply. But yoa sae, I am worn out. The curse of sleeplessness un balances rae." Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, he recognised tho necessity of them in this case. But he found that ordinary remedies were powerless to produce the need ful repose, ana he was compelled to have reoonrsc to a deadly drag of his own pre paring, which had the desired effect. In a few anys Maubray's eye was brighter, his skin was regaining its natural colour. The drug Dr. Weber administered was a dissolv able powder, and one of its virtues was that it was tasteless and colourless, and that it imparted no flavour to the liquid in which It was dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware wonld not suspect its presence, and this peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So great was the bentfit JIunbrny derived from it that ho insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at some future time when the doctor's personal^ ser vices might not bo available. Complying with this request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain the danger that lay in taking a larger doso than he had prescribed. %* It is comparatively harmless," he said, 44 when taken as I direct, though its habitual use would certainly lead to injurious results." •• A remark which applies to all narcotics,11 said Maubruy. "That is so, but in tbis drug there is special danger. Use it only when there is imperative need for it, and keep it locked away, so that it shall not full into the hands of any other person than yourself. Its nature is absolutely deadly, and only the smallest doso cau bo taken with safety." 441 will keep it in a secret drawer in this studio," said afaubray, 44 which no one can open but myself. Then there is another safe guard in the label. 4 Deadly Poison' which yoti have properly affixed to the wrapper." This conversation was taking place in the Ruined Tower, and Jlatibray showed Dr. Weber the secret drawer in which he deposited the powder. 44 What would be the effect of a double dose?" Dr. Weber looked at him apprehensively. 44 Do not bealarmed, I have no intention of mis-using it. The crisis is past and my mind is recovering its balance. In proof of which I have resolved to paint a now Marguerite, and am already eager to commence. I have even selected my mode), and have my canvas ready." "That will be belter than any medicine I can administer," said Dr. Weber, hailing with delight this healthy symptom. 4*Who is your model?" 44 Her name is Frida; the daughter of a workman in the quarries. I was sitting at my window here, and she passed along the road. Beholding her, I was irresistibly re minded of Marguerite, and, as usual with all crazy enthusiasts was eager to set to work immediately. She comes to-morrow morn ing." He spoke with animation, and Dr. "Weber saw before him the old Maubroy he had wished to see. Maubray returned to the theme of the drug. 44 What would bo the effect if a double dose were taken?" 44 A man in perfect health would steep for three or four days. One in feeble health might never awake." 44 And a treble dose?" 44 Would be fatal." 44 Instantly fatal?" "No, Within the hour, I should think, In a dose 60 large there would bo a curious variation. Instead of sending the man to sleep, it wonld keep him awake, till death supervened." v 44 A death of suffering ?" 44 A perfectly painless death." 44 Wonld he lose the use of his faculties?" 44 He would retain them to the last." "Then the death trance," said Maubray, thoughtfully. " It is fortunate that the secret of this drag is known to few." "I believe it to be known only to myself," said Dr. Weber. "My discovery of its effect was accidental. Iu its natural state it is comparatively harmless; I prepare it in a certain way, and that is my secret. Only to yon would I intrust so large a quantity. Yon will b? careful of it, Maubray." "Trust me. I will not mis-use it." Sere the conversation ended, and next day Maubray began work on bis famous picture of Marguerite. The image of Gabrieilc was still in his mind, and he thought of her con stantly, but the sharp paug inflicted by her death had passed away, and in its place reigned a sad and tender memory. In their conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to her now more regularly and at greater length. • Gradually and surely he re gained his usual serenity, and con templated recalling his daughter home at no distant date. Events hastened the fulfil ment of this intention. Madame Hortmanu's husband died and she Vas left a childless widow. Maubray Eeized the opportunity. Qc sent for Valerie, and invited his sister to take up her abode with him. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness once more reigned in tho artist's home. No shadow fell upon the peaco of Crow's Nc«t until Maubray intercepted the letter which Professor Flcury hod sent to his daughter. Two months had passed since then, and all the efforts made by Maubray to discover the writer had failed. The picture of Gabriellc which ho had painted hung upon the wall of his studio in the Ruined Tower. 