THE MONTHLY MAGAZINES " Australian Journal " : — The Sep tember number of this excellent colonial magazine has been received from Messrs. Massina aud Co., the publishers, and is as usual replete ' with items of instruction and amusement. A new serial " A Love Match " by a popular author is. com menced, while ' The Expiation, of Claude Wirigate " and " The Rival Claimants " are continued with sustained interest. The other features -of the magazine are equally well supplied, and " Men of the Day " is especially interesting at the present juncture as it gives an excellent sketch of Captain Dreyfus, whose second trial is now proceeding in France. "Review of Reviews." — The number for August is to hand, and shows no depreciation either in quantity or quality of its matter. C. B. Fry's account of "How wer lost the second test match" will.be eagerly read by colonial cricketers; the Rev. R.- Waddell lias a well thought out article on " The influence of climate on character ;" and. Mr. Stead, siipplies no less than four articles, the most inter esting at.the present crisis being those on " Sir Alfred Milner" and "The Trans vaal." The number is as profusely illus trated as usual, full 'page portraits being given of Lady Aberdeen, president of the -International Council of Women ; Presi dent Kruger and Sir Alfred Milner, with the usual selection of social and political caricatures." " . " Windsor Magazine."— It would be almost impossible to equal, much less surpass, this remarkable sixpenceworth of literary . and artistic production. ' The serial siories, '."Joan of the Sword," by S. R. Crockett, and " A Scots Grammar School," ; by Ian Maclaren, with their spirited . illustrations; are alone ' worth' the money,, and in addition there are a curious article . on ' ' Recent Cricket Matches in Fiction," "a sensational story, " Germaiiie and the Ghost,'-' an instructive article on "The Makfrv of an Armour Plate" ; and about a dozen others which we have not space to en umerate. The number throughout is' lavishly-and artistically illustrated, the frontispiece " Homeward Bound" bein" a capital reproduction of a- picture by a noted painter, witli some half dozen other full page engravings of superior merit. Copies of this splendid magazine can be procured from the local agent, Mr. Joliu Fletcher, Camp-street, Beechwortli. 