STYX RIVER. New England -District. One of Nature's Beanty Spots.] [Br Otra Special Coeeesposdest.] Styx Biver! an infernal sounding name— 1'amillar to readers of Greek mythology, yet known to few as a river which flews witliin the territory of Australia's maternal colony. Xct, though remaining " unhonoured and unsung," this modem iftygian stream flows on as day follows day through ono of the most picturesque stretches of country imagin able. " Whore is it ?" will bo tho question asked. Its birthplace is in tho Slnolcay Bangc, at a spot some 43 miles almost due east from Annidale. Hpro triokl-s the gentle rivulet which, gaining strength as it hnds its way through the rocky gullies, at length becomes a swiftly rushing torrent. N»'£uggi*h death stream this, but a living force. Its waters have a goal to httam, ana will^not be baulked. So on they go with impetuous bound, uniil they join forces with the Macleay, and finally the confluence flings itself into the ocean. At a point some SO miles from its source tho Styx Hirer is intersected by the main road from Kempsey, the head of navigation on tho Macleay, and tho Bomewhat sleepy town of Annidale. Unlike its namesake in the nether world, tho modern Styx is crossed by no ghost- propelled ferry boat, but is Spanned by a substantial-looking bridge. The traffic along this road is very heavy at times, and the bridge, notwithstand ing its apparent stancbnc&i;, is getting bevond.irs sphere of usefulness. The wide awake Roads and Bridges Department of the older colony has therefore placed a b m upon it» and before many weeks nave passed it will bo superseded by & more imposing structure, nnd one more adequate to meet the demands mado upon its strongth. The new bridgo is to bo of the timber beam order, ana the work of erection has already been commenced by Mr. W. P. Oakes, a contractor who has previously carried out similar undertakings in the same watershed. Tho spot at which the bridge is to be placed is ono of the prettiest in tho district. The road from Annidale approaches it by many aharply turned windings, much resembling a spiral BtaircaKs in the regularity and circumscribed nature.of its circling. The traveller who essays to approach it by buggy or otber like \- vehicle must needs bo" an expert with the "ribbons," and keep the steed or steeds well in hand, as u very slight deviation from tho prbper track would mean headlong precipitation down tho almost perpendicular cliff which borders tho road all along its downward course, Careful as the driver may be, the sensation is of necessity thrilling, and the foot of tho hills is reached with a decided feeling **lief. On this level being reached, the traveller, unless de void of all appreciation of natural beauty, is . impelled to look in admiration on tho rugged hills of the Jeogla Rausre, which hem in ; the river on either aide. Thickly tim ■ bered dopes rise abruptly from the road side, and attain no inconsiderable altitude. The high eonntry, bring also well grassed, and covered with scrub, abounds in marsupials of nil kinds, and these enjoy comparative im munity from tho invnsion of the pportsman. A climb up any of the *tecp ascents will re veal to tho intruder scores of startled wallabies nnd wallaroos, rapidly doing the disap pearing trick to the accompaniment of the "thump! thump!" of their for midable caudal appendages. Lucky for them if they escape the cruel bullet of the skin seeker. In the river itself living creatures are extremely scarco. Tho fisherman will angle in vain for any of the finny tribes, 'unless content to capture the alimy, slippery ©el, winch, by the way, grows to a tremen dous size in many instances. The platypus, that amphibious curiosity, may be seen in fairly large numbers at earlv morning or towards the close of day, and the value of the well furred skins spells death to many of them. Along the banks of the river the c*- sportsman has ample opportunities of filling his bag, black duck and wood duck being frequently seen, while swamp pheasants and other game birds are also met with occasion ally. Sack are some of tho attractions of . this delightful valley. Proceeding upward along tho road which leads to Armi dale, a drive of 13 miles from tho Styx River bridge brings the traveller to a belated littlo township called Wollo mombi. It3 principal buildings comprise two hotels, to one of which is attached a post office and general 6iorc, while a mithy com-1 v. pletes the list of its business places. Of other residents there are practically none. . ~ The post office contains a public telephone, j connecting with tho mining settlement of Hillgrove, some 3 miles distant. By means | of this 11 speaking wire" telegraphed messages; can be received from, and transmitted to, the i telegraph station at Hillgrove, and in this j way communicaiiou with the outside world is available. ■ Leaving this oat-of-the way hem- i let and pursuing tho road towards Armidalc | for a short distance, one comes to the turn-off; to Hillgrove. a mining settlement of some 12 | years* standing. The one thing Hillgrove j boast? of is its clectrio light installation, but, withal! that thrown in, the place has a very (Scattered and desolate appearance. As ono who had.visited it remarked, "I didn't see a footpath orn policeman; so what eort of a town can you call it?" ITnpleasing as is the' appearance of the settlement itself, it is how ever well worth a visit, if only to see the awful grandeur of tho gorge on the edge of which it- is built. At the base of this immense gap, the depth of which fairly- takes one's breath away, mining operations are being actively carried on by several syndicates, tho chief among which is what i* known as tho Baker's Creek. Tho workings aro reached by means of wire cages lowered from the top of tho gorge on stout steel cables. Mining matters in Hill grore, which hare within the past few mouths been languishing somewhat, aro now becom ing brisker, and it is believed there is a bright future before the plane and its staple industry. Between HiUm-ovo nnd Armidalo the land is utilised almost ex clusively for gracing purposes, as is tho ca«e with the hulk of the New England country. The district is renowned for tho salubrity of its climate, th? air being fine and invigorating by reason of its altitude above sea level. Just at the present time it is bterming almost rco bracing for tho northerner, tho morning frosts being rather painfully acute. 