PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. EART 0 SWORD » £ JUthor of "Bootloa's Baby," "Beautiful Jim," "A Magnificent Young Man," "A Bom | Soldier," "The Colonel's Daughter," "The Soul of the Bishop," "The Other f - ! JTan'e "Wife," " Begimcntal Legend?," "Cavalry X»ife," | "Strange Story of My Life," "Ho "Went For a Soldier," "Mignon's Husband," &c;« COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER IX.—(Continued.) iT TROil that moment Miss Mallin |U> dor's success as an actress was assured. ller narno was in everybody's mouth, notasagreat. ; artist, hut as a fresh, simple, leh'ghlful child-woman. "Wicked old iinners, who had long ago forgotten the jirtuos of the mothers who bore them, jxtollcd her charms in language which lad for years been a stranger to their ougues. ■ 'By Jove, sir, the young ladies of the ireseut day can take a lesson from that harming "little creature! If there jrere more like her there would be [ewer cases in the Divorce Court, fewer icandals in the clubs. By jove, sir, ihe's a walking sermon on femininity, ind I don't know when I have seen juch modesty, such innocent coquetry, jtuch pretty, simple, affectionate ways, inch charm of breeding and carriage, inch a perfect specimen of an English woman.' | In truth it was as well that the girl joiihl not hear all the praise which was lavished upon her. Had she done so, she might have failed to recognise wil ful Kit Mollinder who had pouted for grant of a clean white frock and de liberately flouted her future mothcr-in Thcre was a big party on the stage that night, to which Kit was bidden, nit she excused herself with firmness from; being present. ' No, Mr. Laugton,'. she said, when o came to her dressing-room ami in iistcd that she should withdraw hef re nal to the manager. ' No, Mr. Lang is, I am sorry, I must go home—I inst-go straight home. I faithfully miscd Mr. Lavender that I would lot go. gadding about, making a fool of ystdf social!}'. I was very small fatocs yesterday, and I mav be vorv imall potatoes to-morrow, ami I want to :ecp my wits about mo, nntl not have iy bead turned by a lot of silly tompli icnts not worth the breath they've wken with!' But 1 won't excuse you,' said Valtcr Langton, in his most masterful tones. 'I particularly want to intro lucc you to my wife for one thing, ibo is dying to make your aequain "mco.' I Mrs. Langton is dying to do nothiug >f the hind, and it Mrs. Langton is lying to tnake my acquaintance she can )k me to coido and have ton with her iy afternoon that there isn't a matinee, ind I shall ho charmed to accept the ivitation. I am not going on the Stage to-night, Mr. Langton, and so it Ssn't of the least use your asking iuc.' j [ ' You're a very ohstiuato little miss,' said ho. r" 'Yes, I know that. But I promised you that ray obstinacy should not stand 3n your light, and I have not let it do so. It won't stand in your light that d'vo gono homo to my bed like a good girl. On thocontrary, Ihev will say, "Hew sweet, how good, how simple, how domesticated of the little pill to go homo to bed liko a good little child .that has said its lesson!" It will make a far bettor impression than if I went on to tho stogo now, strutting ubont like a peacock and drinking in all the praise 1 could get.' Walter Langton stood and looked at her fixedly. : ' Little womau—' he said. | ' Sir!' she iuado roply. • ' I thought down to this moment that you wcro a simple, guiloless, unaffected little girl from tho provinces—what you professed to lie. It seems to me tli.it von have got as long a head upon those slight young shoulders of yours as ever Philip, Luvendcr has upon his!' The ghost of a smile flitted over the girl's face. ' And if I have, 5Ir. Lnngtou,' she said, ' that will he all the hotter, hoth for you and for me.' lie burst out laughing, patted her on the shoulder again, and betook himself away. 'The heroine of the hour?' here plied, in answer to a question put to him as soon as ho showed his face among the goodly crowd on the stage. ' Gone home to bed. Itefusos, to come in—absolutely, flatly, determinedly. Would not even eomc to he introduced to my wife.' 'What!' cried half a dozen incredu lous voices. ' Xo ; says that if my wife will ask her to tea by herself she will be charmed to go, but that she is na actress and is not going to fritter herself away on society. And so, my dears, if you want to see the ladv you must come aud pay ten and sixpence to do it!' ' Tell mo, Jlr. Xangton, is she as elinrmiug off as on ? Is she—I mean, would you call her a lady—a well-bred woman Sfr. Langton looked at his questioner intently, rubbed the palms of his hands slowly together, and said:— ' Yes, I should cull her something move than a lady—she's a good 'un. We! 1 bred, relincil. cultivated, a lady in the best sense of ilic word to the very tips of her Angers.' 