COMPLETE STOKY. [PUBLISHED EX wrtlT. IBEJLSaZKEST.] A FELLOW'S SISTER, LADY CILBERT. [COFTEiaffT.J HE -was adorably] fresh and fair, with i a faint flash of roses on her cheeks and velvety black eyes in which shone at this moment a defiant gleam. Her dre&s;, long waves and lines of white satin, was held back by a little clenched hand as *he gazed intently at the door, so intently that she did not hear the name of the man who was introduced to her. 441 fear I am in the way. Ton arc expect- , ing someone." j "I am watching for Lord Steeplechase." 41 He would be awfully flattered." "Ho, he wouldn't. I came here to make: him feel ashamed of himself—to have my! revenge!" I "Oh!" | " He raoght onr Frank to bet: led him to j destruction. He can get oat of it because he is a millionaire. How dare he meddle with oar only boy?" " I don't think he is so had. I know him, and--" 441 do not know him. I have never seen him. I don't want to know him. Yoa are right to defend your friend. But he is my enemy. Yes, he did what I hare said. There are only mother and I, and Frank, and wc ore poor since father died. Oh, you look at my fine dress : bat aunt gave it to me, and after to-night I shall never wear it again. X am going home to-morrow. I would not stay in yonr London to be the Queen, where sncb things happen, and everybody laughs. Uncle brought Frank up to London and got him an opening for lite ; and all would have gone well only for that detestable Lord Steeple chase. "Frank got into trouble and lost his post, and had to be sent away.". 44 But " 44 There isn't the ghost of a 4 out.' Bain is the only word in the language. There is auntie looking for me, and I shall have to go home without seeing Lord Steeplechase. What should I have said to him? Perhaps what I have said to you, or worse; Oar dance? X forgot. But I am not in dancing humour. A nice thing to dance and Frank in disgrace, and mother breaking her heart nt homer I didn't come here to dance, only to Oh, that I were a man ' Wouldn't I whip the creature or fight him. Bu: I'm nothing but a scolding girl—not even a new woman. Don't sneer at them, please. They're often very useful in the family when the men turn out badly. But I'm not even good for as much aa that. I'm of the oldest of old woman-kind. I don't even ride a cycle, for mother and I have had to give up nearly everything to try and pay some of Frank's debts. What wouldn't I give to be able to make money and put Frank on bis feet again. That monster has piles of it, and yet he could not be satisfied without ruining our only boy. Here is auntie, and I shall have to say good-night to yoa. It was very good of you to listen to my scolding, and not to be cross about losing your dance. And I don't even know your name." "My came is of no consequence, and I don't mind tho dance. Tve been awfully interested in what you've been saying." 441 suppose you don't want to be acquainted with such an illtcmpered person. Auntie says that when I get on that subject I'm a perfect shrew. And it's worse, of course, when it's to a stranger. However, I'm going home to tho country to-morrow, so it does not matter about ballroom acquaintances and what London people think of me. All the same, you've been very patient and land." 44 Will you give me a spray of your flowers as a reward ? A lily of the valley. Thanks. Most typical and sweet. I swear on this blossom to have it out with Lord Steeplechase." "Oh!" She is swept away iu the crowd towards tho staircase. Frank's sister had been three weeks at home, and the day is a mellow day in June. The grass in the grove is lush and long, the old mossy lawn is green, tho shadows of the newly-foiiaged trees are warm with the near ness of the sunshine. She is dressed in calico, with a Japanese untrimmod hat. White satin is very well in a ballroom, but the blackhirds who peck about her with their gold bills would nor know her in such attire. She was tying up tho Gloire rose in an arch of purple clematis. The pretty cottage house, with its trellises that front tho lawn7 shows no sign of life. She is alone, and her thoughts are running on her imprudent conduct at that ball on the eve of her coming home from London. 4141 hope yon did not really say all that to your partner, my dear,' said auntie, _^4 and I am thankful you did not meet Ixird bteople chase.' And I had not the courage to insist on telling her all I said to that young man whom I did not dance with. She would have been shocked, and it was horribly had taste-— such an exposure of our family affairs. I was too excited at the moment to see it in that light. However, as 1 did not catch his name, probably he did not hear mine and is quite ignorant of our identity. I can't believe he is a friend of Lord Steeplechase—not an intimate one—he had such kind blue eyes, and looked sometimes so merry, and then so grave and sympathetic over my troubles. It is quite certain that I "ball never see btm again, for nothing will induce me to return to that wicked and cruel Loudon, god all- he knows of where I live ' in the country,' is about as vague as Lord Dundreary's brother's address in his letter, 1 America.' But if all the men in the world were only like him I" A maid crosses the lawn with a letter, and hands it to her. •'From Frank!" she open3 and reeds. "Dear old girl,—You will be so jolly glad to hear some good news at last of your ne'er do* well. Lord Steeplechase has got me an awfully swell appointment which will make the people sit up that have been down on me. Not only that, but he has paid all my debts, because he says he is responsible, as having been the cause of my imprudence! But don't believe a word of that, for he had really nothing to do with it. He seems to bo awfully fond of me. To think of a fellow lik-3 me being so captivating. If I had been a girl now; but Steeplechase never cares for girls. How he manages it I don't know, I'm sure, for there's a lot of awfully pretty ones going about at present. By the way, ha says he met you somewhere, and he asks me to take him down with me to —shire, and introduce him properly. I may ask him to come some day, and I hope you will receive him decently. And that reminds me I am coming at once with a mutual friend of his and mine. Tou may expect us at any moment. Tell the mater to cheer up.*' Frank's sister folds the letter, and stands listening to a blackbird which sends forth an occasional soft whistle from the flowering chestnut trees. " It is a world of miracles," she reflects. " Lord Steeplechase turning oat our bene factor. Where did he meet me, I wonder 1' I suppose he was afraid to get introduced. Wheels! Can Frank be arrivingr' Two masculine figures emeige from the trees. *• Why, it is the friend of Lord Steeplechase whom I talked to at the ball. I am so glad." " Dear old Frank!" "Dear old woman! How's the mater? Did you get my letter? This is my bet friend, and also the friend of Lord Steeple chase." She looks doprecatingiy at the friend whita j giving her hand. | "I hope you have forgotten all I said to ; you that night. I was uapardonably severe, it seems on a third person. "Were your I think not, if you ask my candid opinion." "At all events the person in question ha* behaved nobly since, and this wild boy declares that I was wrong all the rime. and that Lord Steeplechase' was innocent. He is more ihan innocent now, he ishenar." " May I tell him so ?*' " Certainly. He has been shockingly treated—at least if be knew—bat unless you tgld him—did your*' " I always keep ray owo .»rrets." " But that was'baroly your own." " I made it a personal matter." ** I am deeply obliged to tou. He has done wonderful things for Frank. Too much. I think. If I were my brother I would not accept it all." I " WhatV that you are saying about me, 1 my lady independence ?" " That Lord Steeplechase ought not to bo allowed to pay your debts.'* That's my affair. Here is the mater. Dear old mater, your prodigal sou has coma back. Why, how pale you loot, and as shaky as " 4 4 My boy, my boy, you have nearly killed me!" 1 "Hot a bit of it. X am going to make the fortune of the family. Lord Steeplechase The mother shrieks: "That monster—do not name him 1 Only for him my sou would hold an honoured position." Trunk's sister puts her hand lightly on her mother's lips. 11 It has all been a mistake. Frank's deeds must lie on his own head. Even he " "Even he!" cries Frank. "Hear how a fellow's sister talks of him 1" "He himself has told me that Lord Steeplechase has got him a fine appointment, and wishes to pay his debts, though he had nothing to do with incurring them." " Unnatural girlYou make little of your brother and extol the wretch who——" "Mother, there is a stranger present. Take her aside and talk to her, Frank, and make her understand. She has been very ill, and anxious about you. Sleepless nights have told on her. The whole thing is so entangled. First wo are told that Lord steeplechase is a fiend, and now that he is an angel." i "The fiund business was uncle's doing. Ho jumped to conclusions." "Well, if the fiend ha3 really turned out an angel—mind, we only havo .it on your word—" "Thoword of a harum-scarum, but not a 15 " "Hush—sh! Take mother round the lawn —see how she weeps—and calm her, and persuade her of your good news." 44 And leave you to entertain Lord Steeplechase? Excellent. Ta-ta! Fm off. Mother, take rov arm, and let me take you for a quiet turn.1' "Stecplechaso!" She looks after the retreating mother and eon, and then at tho "mutual friend" who has drawn a step nearer to her. " You are Lord Steeplechase F* " Forgive—" "Oh!" She struggles with her confusion for a few momenta. ~ Tou said you were only Lord Steeple- ■ chase's friend." ^ | 41 Not only his friend. Sometimes a man; is his own worst enemy. But Lord Steeple- ! chase has come to Frank's sister to say that he feels as she wished him to feel, ashamed of himself, for he had some involuntary share in \- Frank's delinquencies.". •' 44 l am glad it was involuntary. You are older than Frank." 44 And to allow her to have her revenge." "How?" 44 By sending him out of her presence." 44 You would be glad to go—or you onght ; to be." . . . "Going will be banishment from a new found joy and hope."' Silence. Then she says: " Bat even if I were inhospitable you could not start at once, on bo warm a day, -without a cup of tea." The maid appears, bearing the tea equipage, 44 And it is so far to the railway station, and your horses must be tired." He produces, handling it very tenderly, a faded spray of lily of the valley. "May X wear this?" Frank approaches the tea-table, saying that the mater does not feel equal to seeing Lord Steeplechase again this evening, but she is likely to havo a good night's rest; and then he flings himself on the grass with— 44 Hello! you hare a taste for starvation in the midst of plenty, Steeplechase. Can't we And yon a rose or something to wear instead of that withered rubbish ?" 