? Holmby Housf; Toorak. TUESDAY. Mi-Hansen-Karl.i- :. the young audiences Kttheir & appf have eD '' been ' a agre.', , ^K'^pti^fo. Of her KJrf JM 0 '. ber II.. rtcept.0.1, on,wed n :m audience I ' ^ S - l I s : , , a f f e r s h e l^iis Hanscn-Knarlioi s IvM solo. The ed from memory to li., accompani- Uiter, who is «" .shed .k Wers have a platform O S manners. 'Marshall Hall i JoontemplationofmnsH is when one K one's neighbours and perfectly jnlowhether the instrument played is ^ or anv other kind, or whether jis a friend or foe. It is suihcient L^ic the listener, to use a hackneyed •oiiiedaway." Miss Hansen-Karhnoi M for her playing takes possession of ,|rom the moment after she plays the . • and in her power over an audience resembles Madame Camilla Urso, one dviolinists who ever visited Australia, et is delighted with Miss Hansenivioliniste, and was quite surprised to 111 she is almost entirely self-taught, ioalso heard her play some time ago, -Jul the young Bendigo artiste was one of ptstrafiawho pleased him when playing E favourite music. ' reception was a scramble and a if(timers. Early callers had the best crowd, [of course, consisted lionien. A strong barrier running from to the platform was suggestive Ik trucking sheep at a railway station, i ubo githered before the doors were [three o'clock listened patiently for the id drawing of bars just as a first- E at. the amphitheatre door of the The Mayoress, had she had time to be raid have marvelled at the strange ) filed past her for two hours, The | TOwet, and that served as an excuse >by gowns and last year's wraps, fcmre there with llowing hair and shor di few small boys accompanied their Ihers. •abridge, the heiress, was smartly odlooked even more charming tban when |i riding habit ready for her favourite Vbnnting with the Melbourne Hounds. Ne Bruce was tall enough to be seen I™ of ordinary women, and looked an •wnegirl who knows how to wear her A girl in a long fawn sac coat fta the crowd of dark-gowned women P«»J'light on a stormy uight. The PTOI known women who have suddenly pns remarkable. It seems that every fHjmman has determined " to take >t, and some of them at their present rate of reduction will soon be too thin to cast shadows. A man at the Mayoress' reception was a rare eight. A few leisured people like Sir Arthur Snowden were met in the crowd and one or two mild Johnnies, otherwise it was a woman's function entirely. Chairs, being at a premium, were guarded by those in possession. As one party left them others sat on them, while their friends went off to struggle for afternoon tea or anything they could get from the perplexed and busy waiters. The sudden retirement of a popular artiste is due to an interesting domestic event of the kind that is the keynote of the first act in " The Prisoner of Zenda." Miss Hansen-Karhnoi, with the exception of a few lesbons in her early youth, is almost entirelyself-taught, yet when a leading Melbourne musician heard ber play he wanted to know if she had studied in Europe. "No," she said, modestly, " but I should like to do so." Mrs. St. Hill, the palmist, says that she and other experts would like to speak of their science by its proper name, Chiromancy, but that people don't understand the meaning of the word. She, of course, was thinking of people in England. In Australia, and particularly in Victoria, any State school scholar could give her the meaning and derivation of the word without a moment's pause. When lecturing Mrs. St. Hill wears red silk, patterned with fleur de lis, which at a distance looks like the ancient astrologer's robe of red, covered with moons and stars. Pince ncz and a well- arranged coijffure bring the lady up to date, and she emphatically denies that there is anything magic about her science, which she has studied for ten years. Young ladies who go to her for one lesson, so that they may tell fortunes at bazaars, are warned that they cannot learn i'o be palmists in less than two years aud with hard study. Mrs. St. Hill showed a hme- . light representation of the palm of an old lady of 104'who had once danced with Lord Byron. . A few months before her death all the lines vanished from her hand, and she remembered nothing: Just fancy any woman, however old, forgetting that she had once danced with the author of " Don'Juan" and " The Corsair." It is quite certain tjhat any Melbourne girl who dances with the Earl of Beauchamp will remember that great honour if she lives a double century. Marshall Hall, who has worn the same red tie for three of his lectures, is a delightful sartorial contrast to dapper Professor Tucker, who is never seen twice consecutively in the same ties or clothes. The Ormond Professor ends nearly all his sentences, especially those not set down in his manuscript, with a rising inflection, which sounds like G sharp. Speaking of his own compositions and that lack of inspiration at times experienced by all writers, poets and artists, he said :—" Your work lies at home on the desk unfinished. It haunts you like a ghost;-you think of it in the train going home, and when you get to the front gate you decide not to meet the ghost in a silent study, and so you immediately go back to dinner in town." At the Dante Society last week Signor Rebottaro acted his part in two duets with his sister t with such realism that everybody was convinced that he ought to be on the stage. As he is a very handsome youth and aborn comedian, he would be very popular with the feminine part of a theatre audience. Miss Adelaide liruce appeared at the society's meeting likea lovely vision in agrey evening dress. She sang her two songs in a manner worthy her reputation as the leading contralto of Melbourne, and then disappeared to Government House, where she sang to the guests at the Governor and Lady Brassey's dinner party. The men guests at a recent dinner party given byanimportantand wealthy official expected agood smoke after a somewhat frugal meal, as most of them were experienced in brands of good cigars. Half a packet o f cigarettes was handed round on a silver salver—one for each guest. Poor Mr. Jenkins ! His beautiful flowing beard was severely criticised by a lady in the strangers' gallery at the opening of Parliament. Looking down from their seats she and a friend amused themselves in "naming honourable members," that is the few there were who could find seats amongst the crowd of ladies in possession. Looking at the Clerk of Parliament in his horsehair wig the lady asked, " Is that the Premier?" " Oh, no," replied her companion. " Then if he is not I think it very rude of any one else to wear a false beard and sit with his back to the Governor." A lady whom we all know sat in the cosy corner of her very artistic drawingroom in one of those Queen Anne villas, now springing everywhere about the suburbs like mushrooms after the first autumn rains. She was expecting a distinguished afternoon caller, who had letters from a friend in London society. Although she had not seen him since he arrived in Melbourne aweek ago, her friend had accurately described him. Both her daughters had given up afternoon engagements to meet their mother's guest, and though the younger girl sighed to think what a glorious day it would be on the Caulfield golf links, Bhe felt that her duty was at home. The hall bell rang, and a moment after there was ushered into the drawingroom a most distinguished, well- dressed man, whose name in their excitement they did not hear the maid announce. The man was most fascinating, both mother and daughters thought, and they chatted of London, whence they had only recently returned. If their visitor was unable to spealc more thau once in ten minutes, the ladies were to blame. At last, looking at his watch in a furtive and apologetic way, he rose to go. Ilis hostesses spent quite half-an-hour discussing him after his departure. Then they walked into the ball. On a salver upon the hall-table was a card. The mother took it up. ^he glanced at it, then shrieked hysterically. On it was inscribed in Roman letters: "Mr. Gerald Fitzmaurice, Representative Pekin Tea Co." They had been entertaining unawares not an angel, but a polite youth, whom they bad not allowed a chancc of explaining his business, though he was most anxious to do so. A Sydney cyclist who visited Bendigo says the local hoodlums punctuated their remarks on his travel-stained appearance by throwing at him angular nuggets of quartz. More in sorrow than iu anger lie dismounted from his bicycle and gave the nugget-heavers ' a lesson on the ethics of civilised hospitality, and shamefaced they apologised," All the trouble was caused by the Sydney tourist riding in cycling costume. In Bendigo the men go wheeling in trousers fastened at the ankles, hence the appearance of the little stranger in knickerbockers and a Norfolk jacket caused as much sensation as the first Melbourne cyclistes in rational dress. Bendigo ladies who cycle are, according to the Sydney visitor, absurdly costumed in unbecoming finery quite unsuitable for serious riding. This city is the only one in Victoria where a ladies' club exists nominally in the interests of cycling, hut in reality it is run on Austral Salon lines, with occasional dances, and the members do not go in for serious cycling as ladies do in Sydney, where there are many enthusiastic wheelwomen and several clubs devoted to their interests. Speaking of serious cycling, on Saturdav morning a well- dressed wheelman rode through the slushy city streets wearing a pair of old- fashioned Wellington boots. They reached to the owner's knees, and for cycling looked decidedly queer. No doubt the cyclist had been to the Princess' Theatre and had admired D'Artagnan's beautiful tan cavalier boots, and concluded that the same style in black leather was just the thing for cycling through slush on a cold winter's day. And yet it is said men are conservative in all matters of dress. —Yours ever, MINETTA. 