Government by our Best. (Abdiel ) The Mebcobt is for ever telling m with "tiresome reiteration"(phraBe patented in Macquarie-street) that you cannot obtain government by the Beat under majority rule. Now of all insopient assertions this seems to be the mo3t pitiable, because in itself it necessarily raises the question—who arc our Best; " Miny men many minds" says the proverb, and it iB more than probable that those whom the Mebccby would deem our Best the bulk of Tasmanians would consider our worst. That paper's thin dilutee of knowledge and impartiality deceives none save those who wish to be.deceived. It holds a brief for the money-bags, and' constantly schemes that these should be counted instead of humau intelligences. As has been said, it wilfully confonuds mere acquisitiveness oa the one hand with intellectuality and principle on the other—a confusion that, if the editor is so well-read and clear-sighted as he would have us believe, is simply wilfuL To support such a position recouse must be had to " authority," and, equally of coarse, that authority will be exclusively on the side of the money-bags-; that is, Conservative authority. Mr Somebody has said that England wa* governed by its best antecedently to the abolition ot the rotten boroughs. Hence we are called upon to receive Mr Somebody's dictum, and regard the great Reform Bill as a step in the wrong direction. It matters nothing, of course, that the mass of the the people suffered acutely even unprecedently, during that era. The Mebcdb? man's imagination is struck by the flights of oratory and glorious words of the period in question, and he dubB its .Parliamenteers England's best _ . Now, it will surely strike the average reader that the man or men who could, really, and actually, define our Best, would relieve us of of the necessity of constituencies, rollB, and elections. In fact he or they would themselves be onr best, and should take up th reins of Government at once. It is because no one, and no body of men can authoritatively define onr Best that the question has been left to the decision of the majority. For instance, there ia every reason to believe that, were the selection left to the Mebcobt, the masses of this colony would soon groan nnder a tyranny with which few in modern history would be comparable. In the first place it would choose only those who possess money, or land, or both, in quantity—men who it describes as possessing "a stake in the country,"or, as many of us would call it; loot. The old Roman writer has told us—Crcscit amor nnmmi quantum ipsa pecunia ereseit. *' The greed of wealth grows with the accumulation ot wealth." Consequently, the MERCOBr's " be3t" would legislate so as to enable themselves to make more money, or inquire more land, with increased rapidity and certainty. Of course there is certain political limit which no government can exceed in these days without exciting the derision of modern civilization, but within that limit much might be done. For instance suppression of populist press, and payment of members, public prosecutions, nominal taxation-of land, raising the franchise, and the qualification of members, laws against labor combinations, public meetings political discussion—such we might expect, and such we know from " long'experience' would be welcomed by the Mebcobt as proof* of the highest gubernatorial eagacity.^ * But conld any rational man accept' snch a programme in any light save that of| an absolutely insensate, and utterly destructive retrogression? TheMERCDar may believe in its political creed. Dr. Johnson credited the Cock-lane ghost, and Sanits accepted slavery as a divine institution.-^ All this, however, goes to prove that where opportunitied intelligence shows itself so pitiably fallible as to believe in exclusive Government by white waistcoats, these is either safety ;.in 8 or no safety at all. 