\- POINTS. T£\ The Christmas number of the -illus trated! will be ready on December 16. Agents and others, please order early. The. beat weekly paper in Queensland. . Send it to your menus: illustrated, prico only 3d. Pbo-Eedeextion PiiEJiiEES. New South Wales and - Tasmaninn Premiers sont to tho right about. Tpsy noxt- to go will be the Queensland Premier,- his' time is not far off. What a reward for soiling the different countries — to 'be placed in tho cold shades of Opposition. It serves them jolly well right. .The -pitv is. they were not sent to tho rightabout before thoy sold their countries. ; , The federation rag whines this morning that all tho troublo is caused by tho desertion of members who wore-returned" to support the Government policy. Policy, indeed ;' why, thoy never had ths shred of a policy. / TnEY rammed federation down the electors' throats. ,,Lot J.R.D. uud Co. go before tbeir ; constituents on that question, and thoy will 'get their answers. . , " Gentlemen," said tho Premier, " you know what that means." He did not moan, " You will loso rae- i not so vain as that. / ;. He meant, "Yon will havo to aocopt Government from tho other side." This 'old bogey has served long enough. It does not ,ac»ror S '? r >v - w :f. Slit. CwLEY"fias put an onion into that bundle of 'parrots before tho donkey's nose." ' ' ."Pbesently a Scotch thistle will be added, and then a shamrock. Poor donkey. - . Sib Bxdtebs Bclleb has no doubt as to being able to conquer the Boers. Ho warns them that compensation will bo exacted for all property, destroyed by them during tho war. ... The general also intends to keep a record E "l1 disloyal, citizens. Some of those citizens j'fl.pi'Qparp.to leavo South Africa when tho British make £i- decisive blow. .--".Gb ay. Ghost op Landkwarne." see Christinas number of tho Week. Order 'early.1 prico Sd. illustrated. . Piunoe Heney op Oeleans, who lias been travelling iu Africa, reproaches the French Government with having remained impassive, while other nations are dividing the world between them. He forgets that the French Government have had almost more than they could do to manage; affairs..et, homo without looking for fresh worldsjp.cpnquer. . The Brjtish. garrison at Ladysmith are said to be 't.weU and.eomfortablo." This is more than can bo said of the Dick! son Government. The Premier and his collceguos cannot be very eomfortablejust now. As Dr. Points predicted u week or so. ago. tho Government havo withdrawn tlio Railways Standing Committoo Bill. Its i'ato was certain, and as well deserved as certain. Al/A'&i;'ftiosfpnewalling, unworthy in- tTigni.', Slid contemptible dodgery, have been iit' valif.''7"'7""!' '.The .Goyofumqnt,. encounters a difficulty in dealing with the renegade Oppositionist. No scat on tho committoo for him now. Some other reward must ho found. . The Premier again finds himself In a queer corner. . The bill was a party measure. Its defeat was certain if proceeded, with. . Aiteu boing 'practically dofoatoil, Mr. j Dickson rcinajusju power. . IVell, ho is liko Tennyson's brook, ami ; wijr 'gb oh for .ever..','; ; 'SOMETIMES; he goes at flood rato. other ; times tlio .muddy stream rolls sluggishly along. Last night' it ' came to ii. standstill, being dammed (tho .word containing two m's) by the Opposition. Still an outlet lias been fuuud, and tho Premier hus.squeezed through. It is now rumoured that a certain strong politician in the Assembly "VYilL lead a powerful combined Opposition against the Governmont.- , "The Mistletoe Lady." Iu Christmas number of tbo Week, illustrated ; price 3d. A nohueb of Ministerialists havo come to tho conclusion that the Government arc taking too much upon themselves. A xd that attempts are being mado to thrust through, legislation against tho principlos of their supporters. If the- supporters protest, the Premier tells them that if the y forsake not their principles and voto for hini tlie Government must resign. Getting tired of this kind of thing, a strong chorus of Ministerialists rejoins, " Let tho Government resign." Old members of tlie Governmont purty, who crossed tho floor last night, must have folt it hard to voto against tlio party. Men - liko Messrs. Forrest, Leahy, Petrie;"and G. Thorn, to whoso consisteut support" the Government oivo so much, had to-fell bafck on principle as 'different from pitfty. "' !<«> nana" .They jiad ' to show beokbone, iustend of gristle'.:'..." And, nt least, two of thoso mon lied much to loso by it. Forrest and Potrio might have been on that hoard. They -prefer tho post of honour and their country to easo uud folly. There is souio hope of tho Parliament yet. ' 'TnE Christmas number of the Week, illus trated, 'will-be ready on Docotuber 15. Agents 'niid'1 btliors-- 'please order early. Tlio best weekly paper'iu-QueBiislaiid. Sond it to your friends." 'Illustrated, prico only 3d. 