WRRENT NOTES. lojeaUiHtralian troops to the ' W P England in bringing the .*tabeen received .vitli favour JWwtwnoftbe pe,„le of this ««the need was dressing we out Of every hundred -.^try would volunteer for j j so.it may be considered £ ; ? a y T c h ;i, -tention to S f i S ^ 1 " * P ro Posed W a i v e s in endeavouring Hi in7r y ndlcui(;, K thing for A ' b Mans to run off to the ;' Wwn numh,. ring many hame ^A , r " handful of isideringthe ; . u m e n t 8 of Wem ayae, xt thafc the ! J ho ard "'-'•lighted to ^ ft', rn' l or small, 5 s?n?i e m d,SSU ' thereat 'he former .. 8 ^ look upon an ula..d without 3im 6 ' an , dw ^ no duties e 'mmedia tl. necessities Wble fo r * * >ow it Se aP e «i who take ' He MiL7 nl th ' ; ^sition to He first p ' , .""'timent of ili' 0 -'^6 othereE^'i ° ^ n®?: En - land is the U, '"Ralnn -nade up of ^td'r 1 -^8 firmly CVToi W r ,,d k^dred ^'England NflJJ? W i \ notin a ^asure 1 8 as natural an im- pulse on their part to desire to take up arms o» her behalf as it is for a eon to desire to fight his mother's battles. We do not suppose for a moment that England is not capable of taking her own part in Africa as anywhere else, and we recognise the absurdity of seventy or eighty thousand Boers facing a nalion with a population of forty millions or so, and possessing such stupendous resources as Great Britain can command ; but if war ensueB somebody must fight the battles, and the desire of Australians to take part is in the nature of an acknowledgment of the fact that up to now our battles have been fought by England, and an admission that we recognise our responsibilities and are willing to share England's troubles, having for bo long rested in security under her tegis. Our soldiers need to learn what real war Is, too; and why not seize this opportunity ? Another reason why our men should go (apart from the fact that we are handy to Na'al) lies in the capacity of our Mounted Rifles for fighting over such country as is likely to be the battle-field in the event of war with the Boers. More than all, Australians wish to identify themselves with the Empire. They feel that they have grown to man's estate, and are eager to accept a man's duties and responsibilities. WRITING after the receipt of Wednesday morning's cables, it must be said that war in South Africa appears inevitable even to those who have hoped for peace to this moment. England has made it definitely known that since her more reasouable demands were refused by the Boers Bhe will now exact severer conditions in any event, and the Boers reply that they will regard any further movement ot British troops on their borders as an act of war. From this position there is no apparent escape but a complete last-moment collapse on tbe part of the Transvaal Parliament, and however devoutly that consummation mav be wished for, there is absolutely nothing beyond the strange delay of the Boers to givf hope of any such simple conclusion. The Boers are ignorant of England s power many of them who have heard of her strength believe that she is strong only at sea, and to support their contempt for her as an enemy at their own doors they turn always to maj. ba Hill. We have contended before thatto the shocking manner in which the Gladstone Government managed the South African campaign, that had its Waterloo on the rocks of Majuba, the present amentable situation is due, and we believe the presen administration understands the moral, and will conduct the next war in such a way as to leave the Boers convinced that the mistress of the sea is sufficiently formidable ashore. * # * • It is strange that the Boen have not struck the tirst blow ere this. That they mean fighting h evident, and yet they delay, knowing, as they ninst, that every day lost is turned to England's advantage. The Boers, it is explained, want grass for their horses,'and would like to procrastinate till the rainy season arrives ; but they cannot be so duuder-headed as to believe that the enemy will delay operations till the grass grows. England, by using the best transport means available, can send men from her own shores to the Transvaal borders in about eighteen days, and she is now pouring men from all direciiona towards ^outh Africa ; presently her colonies will add their contingents to the many stream?, and Oom Paul, if he has a rag (,f imagination, will see with the eye of f^ith a recent PUNCH cartoon realised, and British soldiers flowing in upon him from every point of the compas9. The Boers' best opportunity is now : it would have been belter for them—if they iiave meant war —had they struck the blow a fortnight back. To wait whilst Eiigiaud perfects her arrangements is so imbecile an act that it provides the oue ray of hope for peace. We ascribe the delay to nothing but folly on the part of Oom Paul and his advisers, and any moment may brine news of their awakening a.ad the decisive act that will start the guns boonnng^apm m Africa. # , Meanwhile the men of Greater Eogland are preparing to take a hand. Canada's action has been the most decisive and exemplary. Queensland has been prompt and busmen-like, but in Victoria and New South Wales there is muddle that may result in their contributions of men being about as useful to England in the Transvaal as was the Sydney contingent m the Soudan. New South Wales has taken much credit to herself for that contingent, but everybody knows that it arrived a day after the fair, and its only glimpse of service was at the fag end of a skirmish. We have had plenty of time during the last month for preliminaries. Ihe eagerness of our young men to take up arms for the umpire leaves no opening for the tiniest doubts, and the Government that expected its offer of help to ba respected should have taken action to make the shipment of the men from our shores a matter of only a day s notice. We are no great distance from Natal, and preliminary steps might have been taken a month back to secure the services of a rapid steamer to carry the men to Durban. To leave this business till after war is declared and fighting begins is very much like locking the stable door when the horse is stolen. It will be poorsatisfaotion to our boys to arrive in time only to deal with a half-beaten enemy, or after the accomplishment of disasters which might have been averted by prompt action in Australia. Australia's action is quite voluntary ; but what is worth doing is worth doing well, and it is a great pity administrative capacity here is so disproportionate to the individual zeal. IT is difficult to listen with patience to the demandB put forward by Western Australia in consideration of her being so generous as to throw in her lot with the other Australian States and make one of the new Commonwealth. However, we must remember in fairness that the impudent position assumed on behalf of the western province by the political bosses at Perth is not one that finds favour with the West Australian people, and is really the outcome of the arrogance and insolence of the local Kruger. Premier Forrest and a contingent of Western politicians attended the original Conference, and had their say in the making of the Commonwealth Constitution Bill. On that occasion their views received the same attention as those of the representatives of the greater colonies, and at the subsequent meeting of Premiers Groperland was as influential as any other Slate. Forrest presented his views and voted, and left after the work was done, apparently well Batisfied with the Bill. Since then, however, the Westralian begum has seen fit to change his mind ; he finds that his personal ambitions would not be served by Union, and as he prefers to be boss of a State, rather than a person of no particular importance in a nation, he proposes impossible amendments to the Bill as an alternative to standing out altogether. * # * # The demands really come from the Parliamentary Committee appointed to inquire into Federation and its probable effects iu Westralia, but that Parliamentary Committee is merely John Forrest writ large, and utters aloud the proposals the Premier whispers in its ear. The nature of the Western Australian demands are not particularly objectionable, and the Federal Parliament would probably lend a liberal ear to most of them, but the crass impudence of the Bumbles of the West is in expecting the other States to go over the Bill again, tinker it afresh and submit to the botliei' ot another referendum merely to meet the whims and weaknesses of John Forrest. Five Slates out of six have acccpted the constitution as it stands—the five most populous States—and now the sixth, after lagging far in the rear, insolently demands a revision that will set the whole nest of Antis swarming again all over the Continent, and provoke once more the animosities, worries and expenses of a further appeal to ttie people. We cannot believe that Sir John Forrest imagines the other States will agree to so preposterous a demand ; but the Westralian Premier is anxious to keep out of the Union, and the refusal of the Eastern Provinces will afford^him as good an excuse as he is likely to get. Uuless the people of the West can secure Federation in defiance of their political bosses, it is evident that they will have to be content to stand out until the latter have died out. THE eloquent member for Essendon has given the Argus immense delight by posing in a small way as an enemy to State intervention, and a believer in the political gospel of which "Private Enterprise" is the shibboleth; but neither Mr. Deakin nor the Argus is really a true opponent of State intervention ; neither is consistent, and neither can be in Australia. Nobody is goiug to contend that there is any virtue inherent in State action in bufciness matters that will guarantee a successful issue. The State to succeed must be as careful in thd means and men it employs as the private owii6r would be, and because Victoria was indifferent in this respect its irrigation enterprise was not the brilliant success Mr. Deakin anticipated. The moral of the failure is that the Government of the day did not know enough even to employ men who did know. If the State had entrusted it3 work to the best experts obtainable, the member for Essendon might have had a different story to tell last week. • » t • What would private enterprise have done for the irrigation of Victoria, even supposing the Government had taken no hand' in the matter? What can be hoped for from private enterprise for the future? Of' the three countries mentioned by Mr. De\kin in his eulogy of private enterprise—India, Egypt and California—the work of irrijation iu°the two former is conducted by the Staveit is public and not private enterprise. The M.P. seems to take the most pessimistic view of Parliament and Parliamentarians, and evidently believes it is vain to expect better things of them ; because they have done badly they must of necessity do badly to the end. Why is it held to be good logic to contend that Parliamentary works must be judged by their failures and private enterprises by their successes? If we liked we could fill an issue of PcNca enumerating great failures in the domain of private enterprise, and devote another issue to a list of the successes achieved by State interference ; but that is not argument. It is Mr. Deakin's duty as a politician to show Iriw the State may learn by its failures and profit by its errors. THERE was never a more important private members' night in the Victorian* Assembly than that employed over Mr. Robertson's dispute with the National Bank. Here is a rivulet that may lead to a whole Ganges of law reform. How forcibly feeble were the arguments ot Messrs. Moule and Fink, who constiiuted themselves the opposing barristers, against those of Messrs. Jeaacs and Higgins, lawyers who are seized upon by the idea that law should mirror justice. It is equally mischievous for the clergyman and the lawyer to isolate themselves from the layman, who will do without them, if driven too far. THE matter of providing adequate bathing accommodation for the people, which PUNCH worked into some prominence the season before lastj and which was taken up last season in such a manner as to lead all interested to believe that at least two fine public baths would be available for use this summer, has not progressed in the least, and Melbourne will not be a whit the. better for the agitation ior some time to come- for as long as the present triflers and do- nothings remain on top probably. The proposed baths to be run by the City Council at WeBt Melbourne and Carlton are held up—for what reason, do you think t—because of the probability of the Council charging for the use of towels. The sites on which the bathing places were to stand are held by the Park8 (and Gardens Committee, and part of the law by which the committee operates declares that no charge for admission is to be made to any part of the reserves. By a frantic stretch of the official imagination, it is held that a charge for towels would be a charge for admission. There the matter 'ift&nds;, a monument of official pudden-headeduess Slid red-tape lunac}'. THE recent English law case in which the Times newspaper sued a publisher for using its reports of Rosebery's speeches exhibits the law as a more tremendous "bass" than usual. The author of a life of Lord Rosebery used the •reports of his lordship's speeches. The Timet contended that it held the copyright, and won the case. It is now being shown that if the verdict is good law Lord Rosebery himself could not use those reports. There is an appeal pending, -which may result in putting another complexion on the affair,-for although the law is a haws it is surely not such a monumental hass as all that. THKRE is a movement being launched for an attempt to bring again into wonting that disused line of about live miles of railway connecting Camberdvell with Alphington, and including a fine iron bridge over the Yarra, not far from Kew Asylum. Surely the many thousands , of pounds spent on this line are nob to be regarded as sunk in the sea, a mere item in the debit side of Gillies. Look at the magnificent range of open hilly country, of the most beautiful order, ready for villas and mansions, to the eastward of the line, towards Balwyn, Templestoweand Heidelberg. WATERSPOUT oratory is no doubt appropriate in a debate 011 irrigation, and, if so, the Deakin address, which occupied four hours and fills thirtyone pages of Hansard, was quite justitiable. Tlie worst of it is that his ideas were almost drowned in the volume of his own verbosity. Fished outand summarised, they amount to a damning indictment tf Victorian people, Government, and politicians. The pe pie mase promises, w hich the politicians help them to break, while the Governmeut administration of affairs is weak if not worse. The remedies are assisted immigration of families, who would be content to remain in the country, and not rush to the city, a compulsory system of irrigation, and a minister and secretary for water supply, who would do their duty practically, instead oi sitting in Melbourne office's and administrating things with pen, ink, paper, and a frank stamp. OMINOUS murmurings against the Turner Government increase every week, and a change of Ministry is regarded as close at hand. The fall of the Reid Government has been one indirect'inliuence of evil, the approach of Federation another, and, in addition, there is a growing feeling that the present Ministers have had a fair run, and that it is time others had a turn. These are the vague, indefinite causes of wavering among supporters, but more substantial agencies of disruption exist in the ^ failure of the Government Old Age Pension scheme,^ the Jackson case, the Angus Robertson Select Committee and the accumulation ot innumerable individualgrievancesduring the Ministry's term of office. It is an undisguised fact that two or three prominent Government supporters have expressed their intention of helping to oust the Ministry as soon as an opportunity occurs. JOLIMOMT MEMBER FINK has biei one of the most consistent and powerful supporters of the TurnerGovernment, and there was accordingly some consternation;auiong members, especially Ministers when, in the Angus Robertson debate, he assailed Attorney-General Isaacs in the following trenchant terms:-" There is no greater instance of disloyalty to the Constitution, or to the institutions which we have founded and should protect than the habit whenever legal proceedings, whenever courts of justice,are referred to in this verv Assembly, of heaping scorn, contempt and contumely on those who administer justice. That is done by the very men who should protect our courts of justice, and apparently with the approval of the highest legal representative of Her Majesty in this colony. It is a scandal." The fact is, that the present atmosphere of the Assembly is decidedly electric. AFTER all, has the Opjiositkn in the Victor'an Parliament the ghost ol a sshow It is made up 01 hasbeens; positively not one line bold youngcter of higher calibre than Mr. Moule, who hardly aspires to take the reins. Contrast ihe Victorian Parliamentw<th that of New South Wales, and how much more blest Sydney is with vigour. After listening to our Legislative Assembly for a week or two one finds the thermometer low. 