Stroud. (From a Correspondent.) SCHOOL PICNIC & CONCERT. Stroud was en fete on Friday last, the occasion being the annual picnic and entertainment in connection with the local Public School library. The forenoon was passably hot, and though the presence of Sol imbued the young- sters with the hope of a fine day for their sportive enterprise, elder heads were dubious and presaged something in the shape of aqua pura before the day was out. Well, towards noon their fears were justified, for the por- tentous clouds which gradually arose and chased each other through the ether finally burst into a copious downfall of hail and rain. The festive youngsters, with their teachers and guardians, had marched from the school to the Common, but had hardly settled down to the thousand and one attractions of the picnic ground when they were peremptorily marshalled back to shelter. The early afternoon shone clear, but about 4 p.m. a second storm burst but was of short duration, the remainder of the afternoon and evening being beautiful. In addition to the local school children, numbers from the immediate neighbourhood were present, together with parents, townspeople, and friends. While the God of Storm was Kind the youngsters participated in the usual games from rounders to the naughty business of kissing somebody else's girl, the older heads superintending and affording every facility for making much enjoy- ment out of little time and adverse conditions. Mr E..E. Mitchell made every possible endeavor to give the children the best the day could pro- vide. A sumptuous tea was served in the evening, the tempting viands from the proverbial bath bun, which was always a refreshing morsel to the Rev. Robert Shalding of "Private Secre- tary" fame, to the tasty sandwhich that is made of ham beginning with a wicked name, being done justice to in a way that only a youngster can at- tempt with assiduity and perfect as- surance of success. Among the ladies chiefly responsible for the cuisine ar- rangements were Mesdames Smith, Coleman, and Crick, while willing aides de camp were found in Misses Coleman, Crick, Carroll and others. The picnic over, a homeward march was made, and preparations for the concert were at once begun. The eve- ning was moonlight and beautiful, and youthful aspirations of enthralling vast audiences and becoming suddenly famous in the Thespian art ran riot through the minds of juvenile artistes. One would be particular to a hair about her curls, while another would survey herself with a self- satisfied air in some secluded corner. At 8 p.m. the School of Arts, which had been prepared for the occasion, was com- fortably full, and when the curtain was drawn the stage looked homely with its congregation of children gaily habilitated in a diversity of robes, the particular names and descriptions of which is beyond the mental span of this scribe. The children were local school pupils, and among the number were several of Mrs Hopkins's piano forte pupils. Mr Mitchell weilded the baton, the success attending his labors being a standing evideuce of the paina taken with his under studies, The various items of the entire pro gramme were very creditable , and in most instances, both in the juvenile and adult portions of the programme, demands for a reappearance were in cessant. As accompanists, MrB Tyrrell and Missos Me Rao and McNeill were efficient, and the general management under Mr Mitchell was all that could be desired. Io honor of the steady development of poetic genius in the colony it might be voted just here tint the whole of the recitatious on the programme were the production of colonial poets, including Arthur Fer res, ' Banjo ' Paterson, and Barcroft Bourke. This development is one that should be steadily encourage i and emanulated in our schools and other entertainments, and thus stimulate in yDung minds a desire to extend and improve our national literary environ ments. The first item on the pro gramme was a pianoforte duet, ' Sil very Echoes,' capably executed ; the song, ' Music everywhere ' was much appreciated, and the recitation ' To a Torrent ' received good handling by Master R. Mitchell. ' The Sultan's March ' was nicely played, while the action song, 'Tommy,' and 'The hardy horseman,' by the school pupils gave evidence of careful tuition. Paterson's evergreen ' Clancy of the Overflow ' . was given by Master Cyril Rushforth. ' General Giant's March' (or - ' \no) was well rendered, and the pupils' action song ' Tired of lessons ' evoked ripples of merriment, ' The Miller,' sung by the children, and 'Jim's Whip,' a typical colonial rhyme, recited by Master L. Coleman, were well received. An action song, ' The carpenter,' by the children was very amusing, and the piano duet, 'Moss Rose Waltz,' was nicely executed. The stirring old ' Bay of Biscay' was treated well by the pupils, while 'The Babes in the Wood,' a poetical story of two lost children, was capitally recited by little Misses Crick and Magner. ' Heavenward bound,' a piano solo, concluded the juvenile portion of the programme, and in no instance did the performers betray signs of temerity or inefficiency to cope with their several tasks. This result must be as gratifying to thoir tutors as it should be pleasing to parents. At the conclusion of their performance the children were regaled with refreshments. The second part opened with a violin solo by Mr Cater, which proved an ex cellent initiative to the seoond part of the programme, and the audience was not sparing in demands for a re appearance. Dr. Wright followed with the eornio) ' Wot cheer,' and h0 couldn't have ' Knocked 'em in the old Kont road ' any more than he did on this occasion ; the house shook with applause. Mrs Tyrrell (Newcastle) charmed the audience with her perfect rendering of 'Kathleen Mavourneen,' her cultured voice and pleasing ex-- ? preasion being fully recogni'sod and much appreciated. This excellent | number waB followed by ' A soldier .j and a man,' by Mr E. MuKenzie. i Miss Elsie Yates sweetly sang 'Come, sit by my side,' Mr J. Morris con cluding the programme with ' The ? wrong way,' a comic which gained considerable applause. An interval of 10 minutes and the oue act comedy, 'A handsome hus band,' was staged, the dramatis per some being as follows — ' Lawra Twis den,' Miss Mclntyre ; ' M.'s Twis den,' Miss McNeill; ' Mrs Welford,' Miss Gossip ; ' Mr Wyndhatn,' Dr. Wright; 'Harry Fitzherbert,' Mr Cater ; ' Buttons,' Mr Mclntyre. The curtain being drawn, a hand somely furnished drawing room was revealed, and then began one of those very much mixed love affairs, which not unfrequently have more serious endings tlmn did this one. Dr. Wright filled the role of a gent about whose personal beauty nature had not been over bounteous. He marries a girl (Laura Twisden) who, though at tractive and beautiful, is absolutely blind. Laura, finding her husband such a kind good fellow, cannot resist the balucination that he muBt be hand' some in personal appearance and longs to once see him. A German doctor (' execrable German doctor ' as Wyndham termed him) is consulted and restores Laura's sight, which news Mrs Twisden joyfully breaks to Laura's husband, adjuring him to re-' strain his transport and joy. On the contrary he was not transported (pro bably he almost wished he had emu lated some of our Botany Bay heroes) and invoked sundry things on the Ger man doctor's head. Laura sought her husband to gaze on his beauty, and fulling in with a handsome gent named Harry Fitzherbert naturally believed it must be he and ran to embrace bim. Harry wasn't the least disconcerted and didn't object, with the result that he played the game of handsome husband with Laura, while the genuine husband was forced to play husband to Mrs Melford. This de ception, though unpremeditated, was agreeably resolved upon in order to break the news [of her husband's or dinary appearance more gently. The improvised husband, purposely it ap pears, does not turn out an ' angel in Laura's eyes, and now. that she has begun to hate him be agrees with the real husband to make her hate him more, in fact, he la wears to make her positively loathe him. In order to do this the hnsband gets behind a couch, and Fitzherbert, coming in, shame drunk and begins to explain to Laura, with many hic's that he had turtle, among other ? delightful things, for dinner. Laura rises to .the occasion, ? nails in despair and while expressing her hatred for Fitzherbert, and hand some men generally, deplores the fact . that her handsome gent was not the desirable person that Wyndham was despitelhis plain looks. The joke then come3 out that handsome Harry ? Fitzherbert is a reprobate couiBin and a professional lady killer, and Laura iB restored to her lawful husband, re solved that a man's beauty lies in his t character and actions and not in big personal appearance. ' Without individualising, the lady and gentlemen amateurs, acquitted themselves in a very creditable man ner, jtheir successful impersonations being a guarantee that local theatricals are not likely to wane while they feel disposed to take part. Much credit is ~ due to the performers and manage- i ment for the excellence of the enter tainment generally and the attractive way in which the drawing room was arranged by the ladies. Tho proceeds amounted to about £7, which was highly satisfactory. 21/11/99. The 'cigar bean' of Batavia is » wild fruit recently discovered in Batavia. The pod is like a cigar in shape and color, but only an inch long, and when put into water it rests on the surface for Beveral minutes, then explodes like a torpedo, hurling the seeds in all directions. If allowed to ripen in a warm place the pod grad ually splits lengthwise from point to base. If left to ripen on the plant it splits open more suddenly, Mr Parsons, inventor of the turbine system for steam navigation, declares that it will be possible, by applying this system, to build a cruiser which will achieve a speed of 44 knots an hour. Sir Arthur Sullivan has had demon strated to him the fact that 'the prico of a mere song,, does not necessarily imply a small amount. He has re ceived altogether nearly £10,000 as . his share of the profits of 'The Lost Chord'. M'Mahon's Hillgrove Band obtain ed £166 in prize money at the Bathurst competitions, Code's (Mel- ' bourne) £106 10s, and Lismore £80 10 j. ' In Russia a woman 84 years of age bas given birth to twin girls. . At a'meetins; of ratepayers of Lamb ton municipality on Monday night it it was decided not to pay the lighting rate which had been lived. George Whitely, gatekeeper at ; Rose-street railway crossiug. West Maitland, was struck by a train on Sunday night, and instantly killed. In Melbourne on Monday several grocerB were fined for Belling 'baby' bottles of champagne, whioh did not contain an Imperial pint, as required by law. Miners working in Blayney copper mine complain of supernatural noises below ground, and assert there is a ghost in the workings. 