AUSTRALIAN SKETCHES. Ward, Lock and Co., London). Hnrry Furness worked hard to obtain some Impression of Australian life, and did not succeed altogether so badly. The main re-, suits of his trip are published here in a hand some quarto volume, with, nil the original and some few additional illustrations. The intensely virile touch which characterises all this au thor's work is not missing in any of the illustrations, whicli run Into hundreds through the pages, and flatter none, though they needsmust amuse many. Naturally local readers will be especially interested in local sketches, of which there are some five and twenty pages. And In them all types of our life are caricatured, certainly not transcribed, and with mure or less of humour and gro tesque fidelity. The larrikin and the sun downer, the Judge and the speaker. Paddy's Market and Manly, the Dlvurce Court and the racecourse. We do pot always, or even generally, of course, see ourselves as Mr. Harry Furness has seen us, and sometimes have a difficulty In getting away from the Idea that a better hook would have been pro duced had the artist collaborated with a wri ter who, like himself, favoured the lighter vein. From hlessrs. Ward, Locko, and Co., we have also "Chronicles of Teddy's Village," by 3Irs. hlurray Hickson, a nice volume of good and pleasing llittle stories. Also "The Holy War," by John Bunyau, bound and Illustrated ill strictly modern style. Truly, it is diffi cult to think how the ghost of Bunyan en dures all Illustration, which shows Mansoul's people, "All In White," and the central figure an ecclesiastic, with the sign of the cross con spicuous on black hands. "The Heavenly Footman" accompanies thel "Holy War." a little work, well-nigh forgotten, yet full of the terrible earnestness and quaint merit of the larger allegories. . The "National Review" for August is con cerned, as is to be expected, and desired, with national affairs chiefly. The rnpproaohement between Germany and France, by Ignotuu, being the ablest and must important article, yet reading now as a Utile after the event. "British Expansion in West Africa," by Major Darwin, Is instructive; being thorough ly up-to-date, and written, of course, from the Imperial standpoint. The Australian view of the South African crisis finds both an ex ponent and a champion in the Rev. W. H. Fltchett, who, if he had kept hie knife out of John Morley, and his mind a little more on Australia, If a little less on Africa, might have produced a better paper. Episodes , of the month, and American affairs, are, as usual, full and clear. / The weil-known firm of Hordern Bros., Pitt-street, have issued a very well-got-up catalogue of the styles .which will be in vogue for the spring and summer fashions. Every lady should have one of these books, as they are most useful. From Anthony Hordern and Sons we have received a fashion book, which supplies all the latoBt intelligence as to what will be worn this season. The illustrations are well done, and the book Is one well worth having. 