In the Transyaal. The Boer- in Warfare. BATTLE OF MiJUBA HILL. Just now, while so much- wdrld- wide interest attaches to Oom Paul yand the land of the Boer, the following \- -J- iJ excerpt from a late English paper will be read with attention by our readers : The Boer revolt broke out in the month of December, 1880, during the warn! summer of the southern hemis phere, and it came to an end with the peace that was concluded after the disastrous battle of Maj uba Moun- tain on 26th February, 1881. The tale of misfortune begins with the affair at Bronkerspruit'In December. The 94th Regiment, forming apart bf the British garrison of the Trans vaal, had been ordered to concentrate at Pretoria, and was on tbe march thither. No actual fighting had as yet taken place; but the Boers had held a mass meetiug, proclaimed a republic, and announced that they were going to begin.. At Bronker- spruit they laid a carefully prepared ambush along the road-by which the 94th were advancing, and awaited their victims. The 94th were strung out for half-a-mile along the road ; the weather was hot, aad many of the soldiers had put their rifles in the waggons ; in short, the march was conducted as if in time of profound peace. Nobody seemed to have noticed the ambushed riflemen, or to have observed the little heaps of stones witli which these skilled hunters of wild game, old hands at shooting over the bare veldt had thoughtfully marked out beforehound at 100, 150 nnd OArt TTOVIIO tlioir flTftfif: ms farms from their intended targets. The Boer rifles cracked", ana- in 20. minutes all the "officers and half the British troops .were !, shot down, and the rest were made prisoners ; the loss on the ' (side of the farmers was;, almost nil. As a Western American crudely ob- ' - served, it was a case of a lbt of first- class .-.frontiersmen taking in. a crowd of tenderfeet out of the wet. It was . a terrible severe lesson" that in the : face of a possible enemy a soldier must never be off hia guard. After the Bronkerspru'it disaster the whole country was up. - AH the British garrisons in the Transvaal were beleaguered 'by the Boers, and. \- ono g'arr ison, . Potchefstroon, was known both-by them and Sir George Pomeroy Colley/ the general in command in. Natal, to be . short of . provisions. Colley gallantly deter mined to - cut his way in if possible, and relieve it. He knew well enough that ere long an army from overseas must be sent to' retrieve the honour of the British' arms ; but he- was also aware that it must inevitably arrive too late to save Potchefstroon.; The . Boors had occupied Laing's Nek, the pass leading into the Transvaal from Natal ; and, with a smnll Britisli force he had at his command, - he hoped to. be able to dislodge them and clear the road. General Colley was .considered to be oue of the very bost officers in the British army, but unfortunately there was one thing of which all his previous, experience had' taught him . nothing, and. that was how to fight -against good shots armed with modern breechloaders. On 29th January, 1881, Colley moved upon Laiugs Nek with about. 1100 men and ' 6 guns. The force of Boers opposed to him numbered 1427, under Generals Joiibert aiid Smidt. The Boers had no gu ns, and - dreaded artillery fire more than anything else ; accordingly, they dug but dummy trenches in soft ground on a con spicuous part of the Nek,, and then judiciously disposed themselves in safety elsewhere. Colley's guns opened fire at a mile and a half, and appear to have principally occupied themselves in shelling the empty trenches, as no one was hurt or even frightened by the cannonade. Posting the naval brigade, with the rocket apparatus and some of the 60th Rifles, in an enclosed ground, where they were under cover, and keeping about half his Jorce in reserve Colley despatched companies of the 58th Regiment, numbering 480 bayonets, together with about 100 mounted men, -to assault the left of the Boer lines. In broad daylight the foot advanced in column of com panies across the open ground -and up the hill, against nearly thrice their own number of the best shots in the world, who -were under cover and ai med with good modern rifles. The charge of the Dervish host at Omdur- man tqgs not so gallant or so futile. In a few minutes . the handf ull of mounted men were scattered, and one- third of the 58th lay dead or wounded- on that bloody slope. The survivors drew off, re-formed their shattered lines bohind the 60th Rifles, and retiredb good order. The Boer loss is said to have been two. It was magniflcient but it was not war. After' Laings Nek the exultant Boers threatened Colley's communi cations, and on 8th February he sailed ' out from his camp at Mount Prospect to clear the road in his rear. This time he took with him five companies of the 60th Rifles — and four' guns, together with 38 mounted men. A f6w miles from camp ho left a bnlf company and two guns to guard the \- drifts of the flooded lngogo River, and a mile or two further on he en countered a strong party of Boers. "With a confidence begotten of their easy victory at Laing's Nek, the Boers did not wait to bo attacked, b-jt, without hesitation, assumed the dffensive. Colley took up a position objl flattoppcd hill, and stood on his . loJWige, having now about 300 men ana j/woguns with him. The Boers took cover all round the hill, and a \- prolonged rifle duel ensued between the two forces. Avoiding the British tactics at Laings Neir, the Boor ro- frained from any attempt to take the hill by direct assault in a body ; but as independent sharpshooters they kept up an incessant rifle fire until near nightfall. In accuracy of shooting, and in the skill with which they sheltered themselves, they proved to be superior to the defenders of the hill, they drew off at last with a loss of 12 killed and 14 wounded, but the defenders had actually lost six times as many. The sharpshooting skir mishers had put no less than .half the force they were attacking hors de combat. After the withdrawal of the Boer, Colley, whose horses were nearly all killed, with great difficulty suc ceeded in saving the guns, dotted all over as they were with the splashes of the Boer bullets ; and, by a des perate night march, he regained his camp under cover of darkness with the remnant of his forces. England had to learn by bitter experiense that valor without good shooting is but a waste of the lives of her bravest sons. The spirit and the staunchness of the British troops were admirable ; and Colley's own letters warmly acknow ledged the fact. But as shots they were completely outclassed. Reinforcements now began to arrive. Colley's forces at the front, which had suffered so heavily in these two en gagements, was strengthened by the arrival of the 92nd Highlanders, fresh from their victories in Afghanistan ; and with them he resumed the offen sive. This time he decided to avoid making a direct attempt on Laing's Nek. Colley had promised the sur vivors of the 58th to give them an other chance of trying conclusions with their opponents j and to seize Maj uba he took with him a force com posed of three companies of the 92nd, two of the 58th, and two of the 60th, supplemented as before by a naval contingent. By a skilful and daring march, on the night of 25th February, he occupied, without opposition, tins post of advantage (Maj uba Mountain), which appeared to him impregnable. " We couid stay here for ever," he remarked to his chief staff when day light revealed the nature of the ground on which they stood ; and he sat down in fancied security to hold it till fur- their reinforcements should arrive, in tending then to make with their aid a combined movement against the Nek. But, unfortunately for Colley, the position he had seized- was , not so strong as he had imagined. In his fanc.ful security, Colley omitted to fortify his position, the very. error which two years before had led to tho disaster of Isandula. - He allowed his staff to; distribute most of his men uroimd the riui of the saucer- shaped basin, where ; they contented themselves with piling up little heaps of stones , to lie down behind. " Oh, it's all right sir ; its" good enough for what we . shall want here," said a Highlander confidently, to an observer- who -suggested that a protection was hardly sufficient; and against a dis- \- tant enemy perhaps the man was right. The idea of tho Boers attempt ing to' ; take such a storm appeared preposterous. " ; Alas ! ; it was not so preposterous as it seemed- As soon as daylight re vealed to the Boer force holding Laing's Nek that their flank was threatened, they began indeed to pre pare.;; to send their waggons to the rear ; but they determined also before retreating to try the effect of a direct assault upon Maj uba. According to the account given by General Sir William Buttler, some of the High- lancers showed themselves boldly on the sky-lino in the morning light, shaking their fists defiantly at the hostile camp, which; lay 2000 feet below,, and. of which they could now see every detail. "Come up here, you beggars." they cried ; and 223 Boers accepted the invitation. Part of the Boer assailants took cover at once with -their usual : skill, and opened a long-range fire on the summit of Maj uba. The fire did but little ex ecution, though a single shot at 900 yards mortally wounded the brave Romilly, commander of the naval con tingent. Though the Boers kept it up incessantly all that long summer's morning, scarcely anyone except poor Romilly was touched. Nevertheless, the Boers were not throwing away their powder for nothing. They succeeded in their object of compelling thedefendors of the hill to keep closly under shelter, and prevented them from observing what had happened on the slopes below the encircling girdle of cliff. Protected thus by the fire of their companions, small parties of Boers wero crooping as deer stalkere over wide spaces of the mountain side, where the cliff wall above screened them both from the sight and from the fire of the defenders. At one part of the circmference of -Maj uba there is a . little outlying kopje,- or peak, which is really the key of the pasition. With -unerring instinct one -fof the Boer leaders made for this point. According to Sir William Butler, he had about 60 men with him ; and when lie arrived quite near it, with his party still undiscovered, he de tected a picket of several soldiers, who were standing in an exposed position, unconscious of the near neighborhood of their, foes. The Boer leader ordered a number of his men to hold their rifles at the "present,'' step back out of cover, and fire a rapid -vol ley. -The - manoeuvre was skilfully executed ; the whole picket was clean swept away, and in a few minutes more the Boers had got the key of the position in their hands. By this suc cess they had turned the left of the Brifrsh troops, who were holding the northern face of the rim, and took thorn in the flank. The troops, thus suddenly surprised, fell back from the rim, and immediately other parties of the Boers rushed up by another gap, and seized the aban doned ppsitions. Practically Maj u ba was taken by surprise. Till -the enemy, were actually on the top the general aad his staff nevor dreamed that they could lose the hill. But, once established on the summit, the rapid End accurate fire of the Boers swept away the defenders. Colley, endeavoring to rally his broken lines, despairingly fronted the hailstorm of bullets that mowed down his men, and fell with his face to the foe. Nearly half the British force were killed, wounded, or made prisoners. The Boer losses are given by Sir William Butler at six, of whom ohe Was killed, Here indeed was a lesson to every comtnander to secure his weak point. Like every other point of vantage, Mai uba Hill had its vulnerable spot, dnd that spot was neither sufficiently fortified nor guarded. There is one other matter that should be mentioned. The absurdly small loss inflicted on the men who stormed Maj uba would be incredible but for one reason. It has already been observed that the fire which covered the stealthy advance of the stormers was at long range. But, as it was a long-range duel, they were of course compelled to raise their sights, with the result that when they were suddenly rushed by the Boer storming parties they all had the sights of -their Martinis set to 500 and 600 yards elevation ; but the stormers were at point blank distance. Consequently the volleys fired at close quarters by the defenders of the hill went harm lessly over the heads of their 'assail ants. With Maj uba hostilities came to a standstill. That well equipped army, indeed, for which Colley had hoped anived in South Africa after his fall ;' but it was not allowed to retrieve the tarnished glory of the British arms. For good or for evil, a peace was made, which doubtless seemed to be honorable and satisfactory to those who were responsible for it, believimr as they did that to continue the war would involve us in the sin of blood- guiltiness. However, the remote con sequences of our actions are far often other than we expect : and the many and bloody battles we have fought since then in Egypt and the Soudan, down to the recent conquest at Khar toum, may be traced to the loss of prestige that unquestionably followed the disasters in South Africa. The belief that the power of England might be defied with impunity em- boldoned Arabi Pasha to head a mili tary revolt against our protege, tbe Khedive, at Cairo. He was woefully undeceived by the crushing British victory at Tel-el-Kebir in 1882, the very next year after Maj uba. The lessons taught in South Africa had been laid to heart. And now it was the Arabist rifles that were picked up in hmdreds after tho victory, sighted for an idle long range fire by the ex press orders of their leader ; while it was a British regiment that attacked in rushes, halting every 50 yards to firo volleys at a stated range fixed by their musketry instructor. One dare not say that the mistakes made in South Africa will never be repeated. To err is human ; and we have high authority , for saying that he is the best general who makes fewest blun ders. But.it becomes possible to look forward hopefully to the future if our leaders show that they do not despise the lessons of experience. The late campaign in the Soudan would seem to indicate that these have at least been laid to heart and the result, has been in gratifying contrast to the failures of 1891. Failures they were/ and the fact must be acknowledged ; yet in speaking of them we would guard ourselves from using any lan guage that may seem to reflect upon the; devoted men who on field after field have laid down their lives in the service of their country. As the thought of the lonely graves that mark their last resting place rises before the mind, one seems to behold the pallid line of ghosts, the victims of the war god : Slowly comes a shadowy train, Souls of warriors brave in vain. It was not all in vain that thoy fought and fell, if those who come after them strive, under happier auspices, to surpass them in skill and not fall short of them in valor. 