, MISSING, OR MISSIONARY! Y1 BY A.B;C. - v;.- ; A: church tliat is not- a missionary, church will ; some day- be; a missing church By this striking statement, Dr. A. J. Qordon ' once expressed his con viction. of che; vital relation existing - : between an individual church and the !!! ;!'! work of w or I d- w i J emission s. " It is a law of the spiritual world " , that all 1 ife that! is centred upon itself, that exists for itself alone, withers and dies. ' " Whosoever will save his life ; shall lose id." : . ; "'- ! !\ ; ' V;" Dig- channels .from the streams of love, .. ;; Where they may broadly "run; : And love has overflowing streams To fill them every one. ' " But if thou cease at any time , Such channels to provide! The". very fount of love for thee Will soon be parched and dried. - ; " For thou must share, if thou'wouldst keep : That good thing from above ; Ceasing to share; you oeiise to have! Such is the law of love." i This law is as binding for a church as for an individual. A church that wishes to .preserve its own life, and - that desires to know the more abund ant life which Jesus offers to His people, must be a church whose life and Jove unceasingly flow out to others, ' wherever men are found who know nob God- and the salvation which He has provided in Jesus Christ. \- A missionary church ought not, then, :;! to be a rare thing. - Every church ought to be a missionary church, and every church will be a, missionary church so far as it reaches up to and seeks to attain to the standard set before it in the Word of. God. What are the principles of a mis sionary church V 1\. Loyalty to Jesus Christ. Loyalty- is defined as "constancy in service, devotion or regard." Whewell says: " The conformity of our actions to our engagements is fidelity, If, in such a case, love is added to fidelity, it becomes loyalty." How simply and clearly these words set before us the elements of loyalty to Jesus Christ! A personal devotion to Him and su preme love to Him as our Redeemer ; , recognition of, and acceptance of, His commands as the law of our lives ; and a service springing out of, and resting upon, this love and acceptance as its sure foundation. Th s is loyalty to , Jesus Christ. Such loyalty will ever keep in the forefront the last commands of its Lord : " Go ye therefore and teach all nations." " Ye shall be witnesses unto Me, both in Jerusalem, and in all Judffia, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost parts of the earth." Such loyalty will be one impor ant element in a missionary church. 2\. Recoyuition of, ancl obedience to, the Holy Spirit. It is impossible to obey an influence. Where the Holy Spirit is not recognised as a person, His voice cannot be heard a< d His commands cannot be obeyed. In the early Church, as is evident from our Scripture lesson, the Holy Spirit was given His rightful place. When He said, " Separate Me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them," the church heard His voice, recognised His right to command, and obeyed. And when their part was done, He sent the missionaries forth. " So they, being sent forth -by tbe Holy Ghost, departed unto Seleucia." Throughout the writings of Paul, the , ; supremacy of the Holy Spirit in the administration and guidance of the ' Church is clearly set forth. "Take heed, therefore, ... to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers." " But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as He will." For many yeara — one might almost say for centuries — this truth was lost sight of. In our day it is once more coming to the front, and where it is fully accepted, the life of a church is revived, the missionary spirit springs up, and streams of blessing flow out to others. " He that believeth on Me, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. (But this spake He of the Spirit) " God grant that all our churches may be missionary churches through loyalty to Jesus Christ and obedience to the Holy Spirit- 