LOCAL AUD GENERAL SIR George Shenton, President of the Legislative Council, y-has returned to Perth from England. ATTENTION is called to the advertisement in to-day's issue appointing Messrs E. Lee-Steere & Co., agents for the South British Fire and Marine Insurance Co. Mr R. Eobson, who has represented the Company for manv years, is giving up the insurance business, and on his recommendation the company have appointed the above firm. THEBE was a crowded house to witness Mr T. R. DeLocey's Limelight Exhibition in Convent Hall last Thursday night. Tbe exhibition consisted of views of some of the prettiest Irish scenery, and local snapshots of an amusing character. Mr DeLucey has promised to give another limelight entertainment in the same building at a future date when he has procured a new set of slides, and we have no doubt that his audience will be as large and appreciative as it was last Thursday evening. VICTORIA Hospital Report for week ending 17th June :—In hospital at commencement of week, 6 maler, 3 females ; admitted during week, 3males, 2 females; discharged - during ^weck, 1 male, -1 female; remaining in hospital, 8 males, 4 females. ' - " A COLOURED prisoner named Francis Mendoza, while employed as groom to the Resident Medical Officer, escaped on Friday evening. The police have made diligent search for the absconder, but so far have failed to trace his whereabouts. SINCE Dr. Kelly's elevation to the E.C. bishopric of Geraldton, he has manifested a strong desire to spread the blessings of. a good education among his flock. The Northampton Catholic school, after being Closed for two years, was re- opened by the bishop about six weeks ago, and early this month His Lordship introduced to the Greenough seven nuns from the superior teaching order established at ' St. Dominic's Priory and College in Dunedin, New Zealand. The sisters, who have already opened school at the Flats, are providing exceptional educational facilities for the rising generation of that locality. The course of instruction is a comprehensive /one. In the elementary school, in addition fto the subjects prescribed l»y the State School svllabus, there is taught Book-keeping, Euclid, Alegebra, Domestic Economy and Shorthiuid. The course of instruction in the High School embraces all the branches required for a high-class education in Classics, . Modern Languages. Mathematics, and the Natural Sciences. Pupils will have the opportunity of becoming proficient in the following;— Piano, Violin, Theory of Music, Harmony, Singing, Drawing, Painting, Wood Carving, Art Needlework, Paper Flower iuaking, Wax Flower and Fruit modelling, Languages and Literature including French, German. Italian and Latin. Private instruction will be given to ladv students, and pupils will be prepared for the Civil Service, Musical and University examinations. A more extensive curriculum cannot be availed of in the colony, and the people of the Greenough should be delighted that they have at their very doors the means of securing for their children the scholastic attainments to fit them for almost any position in life. ONE of Mount Magnet's "6Tdest and best respected residents, Mr Pearce Eliot ' (brother of Mr Raymond Eliot of Geraldton) left the Magnet district on Tuesday, (says the local Miner,) in the quiet, unassuming way that most pioneers have of coming into or poing out of a place, Mr .Eliot came to Magnet in April, '92, and has been engaged in mining ever since, but like most men whojhave the honor of preparing the way for others did not make his fortune. A few of his friends assembled at the railway station to see him off and wish him luck at Peak Hill where i e has gone to. In a quiet way, Mr Eliot took a keen interest in political matters of which he was a close student, and he always exerted a powerful ^influence on the side which he supported at an election. He was a valued contributor to this and other papers, and articles from his pen were always read with interest and pleasure. THE N.C. officers and men of the Geraldton Ride Volunteers have announced their intention of holding their annual military dance on Wednesday, 12th Jaly, next. HiTHEE'ro the bulk of appointments to to the Justiceship of the' Peace for this colony have been looked upon, by most people, as a Governmental reward for slavish support of the Ministry either by the person appointed Or his friends. And there have been good grounds for the suspicion ia view of the fac f that, while nearly every member of Parliament who blindly follows the Premier, has been chosen for the distinction, the men who constitute the Opposition iu the House, and .who, in most cases would do credit to the office, have bsen religiously overlooked. It seems that the "Government have at length decided to rise superior to their preiudices in this respect, for we read in tbe Perth papers that Mr F. Illiugworth, who has been one of the keenest critics of the Ministry in the past, has boon raised to the honorary magistracy. That Mr Iilingworth will make a level-headed and impartial J.P. there is little doubt. Despite his laudation of the Premier at Cue—au act which was adversely commented upon by the Express at the time—we feel sure that in the House the member for the Central Murchison will prove as steadfast and independent an Oppositionist as heretofore, and that the honor he has just re- • ceived at the hands of the Government will not prevent his fearlessly discharging, as a legislator, his duty to his constituents and his country. A CONCERT will be held in the Masonic Hall to -morrow _night, the proceeds to go towards reducing the debt incurred in connection with the carnival week. The programme is a good one. Mr de Lucey will give a limelight exhibition, during which, vocal solos by favorite fingers -"Will be interpolated. Ji!fae farce which was so successfully played by Mr Greville and Co. last week will be rcpra^ed on this occasion. It is stated that a large number of tickets have been sold, so that those persons desiring seats will require to put in an early appearand. SOME anxiety is being felt concerning the whereabouts of Messrs Broadhurst and McNeil's schooner, the Harritt Cpnstance. The vessel left Fremantle for Geraldton on the 13th inst, but up to the present nothing has been heard of her. Mr Cope, who is acting IccaUy for the firm during Mr Broadhurst's absence in Europe, wired down to Fremantle and Dongarra yesterday to see if any tidings of the Harriet Constance bad been heard at those places. In eaeh case negative replies were received. It is thought that perhaps the schooner, .finding the westerly winds too much for her, bag put into Jurien Bay. Mr Cope telegraphed to Capt. Riissell, the Fremantle harbormaster, asking him to instruct passing steamers to keep a look out for .the missing vessel. Capt. Russell wired back this afternoon promising to comply with Mf Cope's request, and venturing the opimon that the Harriet Constance had put into seme bay or other for shelter. HERE is a nut- for those ardent advocates of a Lawlers-Menzies conncction to crack. Twp boilers despatched from Southern Gross to the East Murchison the other day were sent by the Perth-Geraldton- Magnet, route, this being considered a safer and cheaper journey than by way of Menzies. . Yet the length of the route seiccttd was900 miles as agaiiist the 850 miles embraced in the Menzies route. AFTER his speech on Federation,, at Greenonght, on Friday night, Mr Pennefatber said that hie had not. been able last year to get the whole pf the money required for the Walkaway roads. He had got half, and' was promised the other half this year.- "With regard'to constructing arailway joining the . Front Flats with the Walkaway line, he could not consistently advocatethe work, but Would urge the making of gooi roads instead. In reply to questions, he said the Tires Act would not be enforced till 1902\. If the calyx drill strnck fresh water at Dongarra, an artesi in bore would be put down at Oreen.u,^ , He hod the promise of the Commissioner of Works to thai efftcf. Mr Pennefather was in favor of malting the adopti-jn of the Noxioua Weeds Act by a district permissive and not compulsory. Mr O'Brien occupied half an hour in addressing the meeting on a personal grievance against the Lands Department, but we are obliged" to hold over his speech as well as Mr Pennefather's reply. __ A - vote of thanks to the member, proposed b£ Mr John Wiltpn . and seconded by Mr H. .Carson, was unanimously carried. In course of his remarks (Jarson stated that, although he had^ been a Federationist for some years, he ebuld not* accept the terms of the Commonwealth Bill. . ME Tim Quinlan,M.lj.A., is disgusted with Mr Matheson for suggesting that Moore and Toodyay should be welded into one electorate when Redistribution of Seats takes place. As a matter of fact the tnergetic Tipperary boy—Timothy represents Toodyay—intended shortly to conjure up sufficient cheek to ask for more representation for Ms constituency, wherefore Alex. Matheson's cheerful proposal to curtail its present representation has staggered ex-publican Tim somewhat. Mr Quinlan is an ideal member,, for his apprenticeship as a Perth councillor has. made him quite ait enthusiast the noble cause of the towrf pump. His energy is of the breathless sort, and the fact that he has rqjSBed? onlytwo sittings of the House since Jus election —on oneqccaslon he ovas ill and on the other he was visiting his electorate—indicates that he. has a stupendous affection either for his constituents or for politics. MAMY of our readers will regret to learn that the Bev. Mr Watt of the Presbyterian Church, in this town, has tendered his resignation to the Presbytery owing to ill-health. AT Geraldton„ 72 point? of rain fell on "Sunday, and 28 on Monday. The total \- rainfall uj^todate is just 9 inches. A PAINFUL accident happened yesterday to a man named Anderson, who is employed at the lighthouse. Ha was playing with his child on the beach when he fell on a glass bottle cutting his knee into the joint It was deemed advisable to remove him to the Victoria Hospital for treatment. THE second test match between England and Australia resulted in a victory for the Australians by ten wickets. In the first innings of the colonial team Hill and Trnmper put up 135 runs each. The scores .were England, first innings 206, second innings, 240; grand total, 446\. Australia, first innings, 421, second innings (no wickets), 28; grand total, 449. AT Newniarracarra Station, on Tuesday, a young man named Thomas Kerkup was attacked by an enraged boar. For some time he kept it off with a stick, but eventually tho stick broke. Kerkup then ran to a wire fcnce which was cloFe by and endeavored to get through. While he was-in the act of doing so, the pig rushed up and struck him on the back part of the thi^b, ripping up the flesh for seven llnches. . He got through the fence, but the boar followed him Eventually he managed to kick it oft and get into a place of safety. Although no arteries were. severed, the wound was bleeding profusely, and the need of surgical skill was apparent. So Dr. Greville was sent for, and the doctor went out to Newniarracarra yesterday and attended to the injured man who is likely to be laid up for some time. ON Saturday last, at 9.15 a.m. Mr"Hans Backer started from Geraldton railway station on a bicycle for Melbourne. Among those present when the journey was commenced, were Mr Benner, (station master) ; Mr Hugh Smith, (Customs landing waiter) ; Constable Podesta, and Mr Johu Macdonald. Mr Backer will proceed via * Mullewa, Lawlers and Coolgardie, thence striking the south coast for Eucla, passing through Adelaide and Ball i rat on his way to Melbourne: After visiting Geelong and Colacin the Western district of Victoria, he will return to Geraldton probably by the same route. Backer is riding a " Royal Dane " bicycle, specially built for him by Mr Oest of Perth, and capable of bearing a weight 16 stone. It is fitted with two water tanks, one on each side of the hind wheel, and each capable of holding three quarters of a gallon. A tin valise and a rainproof cape, which latter cavers the bicycle, is also attached. A notable featurei iu connection .with the under-, taking is that the machine is the first of West Australian make used in attempt-, ing the overland journey to the colonies. We have other particulars relative to Mi Backer's proposed trip which we may publish in a future issue. THE member for East Perth, addressing his constituents the other evening, declared that he did not see why the manufacturing industries of the colony 'should be protected seeing that they could never attaio any dimensions with the present population. Vet not one of his auditors had the gumption to get up and ask the hen. member how it was that the population waSibig enough to import, last year, such vast quantities of drapery, bicycles, boots and shoes, hardware, machinery, paper, etc., which might easily have been marufactured in West Australia. Further, no one thought of pointing out to the absent-minded gent on the-, platform that one of the surest methods of gaining population is to encourage manufactures. THE BookfeUow, a monthly maeazine let published by the Bulletin, has given up the ghost after three or four appearances. Perhaps this is not to be wondered at. • As < its name suggests, the BoohfeMoto appealed only to literary Australia, and literary Australia is a very slender quantity .with painfully slender means. Hop- is it that no magazine—save ' Massina's awful "Journal "-^—can live in this country beyond the teething stage, while London publications flourish in the land as thick as flies on a sheet of tanglefoot ? 