Hope the Hermiti : ;; CHAPTER Xn. 1 N— oj' slid Tom, doubtfully. ' I'm some how glad she wbi fond of dogs.' That was a human tonob, and gayo him - fellow feeliog for. the poor ghoit. ' I wish she bad tba dogs with ber. when the walks,1 hejsaid^', ' Bal she doesn|t. Tbey iay she is-!nays orying and crjiDg, as if ber beart would break.' ' - Audrey was silent; the mournfal oooir.g of thn Hnros io the o»ao seemed to ibarmooise only too well with tho sad Btorjr of poor Lnoy. Could it really be troe tbat she w»b unable to re«t, but still returned to her old borne hiaotiog tbe plaoe where the bad snflerod bo much?,; , :?.,,? . . ;, '?;, j ?.! ?'-':.?'. . ' I wonder why she walk-P' skid Tom 1 Ib it beoauae my grandfuher never forgave he* ??'??? ' 1 don't know,' said Audrey, musingly. 1 Perhaps tbers is souio wrong tbat she wants ?et right.' :' There's Rover birking in the pleaaaoao.;' oomoand look at him,' said Tom, running to the window. . ? Sbb 1 be is barking at tbat pretty lady ;, he always, barka at BtrapgerB. Who o»n she be ? Look, she is stopping to make friends with him, he's quiet now, he's wagging his tail.' . 'Bat Tom,' said Audrey, in astonishment, ' there is no one there, only the dog.' ' Yei, there is ? Why, I oan see her aa plain as plain 1 She is ocming ibis way, she's looking tip at us. Oh 1 it is the lady in the pioture. How lovely, bow lovely Bhe is ? It's you she id looking at. What is it she wants ao muoh? ' .. ? ? , . ??!? ' Dear Tom, it's your fanoy; there's nothing to be aeen at all, only the dog wagging his tail.' ' It's the ghost lady, and abs's begging you to do something for ber,' said Tom, struggling to unfasten the window. 'What is it you want, ma'am? ' he called, in a shrill voioo. 'Ob, sbe gave snob, a smile at, tbat,. and now. she's looking at you ; she must be very fond of you. Oh, see 1 she's goiog, she's waving her band, she's gone out, just as my soap bubbles go.! Audrey looked in some perplexity at her companion's intent little faoe. She was afraid that his brooding over the ghost; story, and the sight of the picture, had over-exoited his brain, ? ' Yon have been having a spring afternoon's dream, Tom,' she said, laughingly., ' dome, let us bate a good game of battledore and shottleoook ; I'll warrant I can beat you at ' that.' Delighted to have a playfellow, Tom willingly »BB6uted' to. this plan, and they were still bard at work, and making the nursery ring with their merry voioos and the monotonous beat of the battledores, when the old Berving-man oame to say that tho ooaoh was at tho door, and would MistresB Radoliffe oome to tbe withdrawing room. 1 1 shall never be afraid of the ghost any more,' whispered Tom in ber ear,-1 now that I've seen her.' The farewelli were said, and Androy and her mother were shut into the cumbrous old ooaob. 1 Suoh , a strange thing has hapnaood, mother,' said the girl, eagerly. r .' 1'hrough the obatter of little Tom Siuipson I have learnt something moro^iioat Miohael Dor went's mother.;- these onn be no doubt that ?he was old Hr. Oarleton's runaway daughter, for her pipture ia precisely like the miniaturo we found;' Do they know who she married ?' ' They have no ides. M'. Simpson wsb talking of, it just now. ! I believe old Mr. Oarleton knows, bat no one elio has ever discovered who tbe man was.' ? ?? ' We must let Michael know about tbip,' said Audrey ;? 'X will. write to him and tell him jast what I found out.' 1 No need to write,' .said Mrs. RaOolifle. 1 Wo shall soon, be1' at home again 'and sbali donbtleSB see hire.', 1 Yei, wo shall nuon-bo borne,' asid Audrey and tber-, with n aadden antobing of. tho breath, 'she gripped fast bold of her mothor'r f- ??? hand. For as .they pas »ert out through the gate something mado the hortoi shy violently and for''a minute it seemed that the ooaob must be 1, overturned. Then, plunging and kiokiog in deBpera'e terror, tho trigbteaed animals indcienly bolted and went tearing madly. along tbe road to PeEritb. Don't bsfrighteuod, dear,' aaid Mrs. lUd ciifle, surprisod to ace the deathly palloftof Audrey's f«oe, for a rale tbe girl was not easily alarmod. :_ ,1 .-? . ; ? ' Ob,jojp_tberJ.'_Bhe.said,Jrembling violently ' ii was the ghost that made them sby ; I saw her by the gatepost, and abe was weeping bitterly.' , ' 1 You are overwrought,' said her mother, Bootbingly. ' It must \iw* boon your fanoy and the memory of tbe picture.' So she argued, but the feat remained tbat the terrified horses were still galjoping nt a paoe whioh seemed inoredible considering tho load th6y were dragging ; tbat the ooaoh man sat on the box trembling like a man with the palsy quite unable to oontrol them, and that tbe Carleton ooaob was rolling and swinging from aide to side, bnmping over stones, orashing through ruta and shaking the oooupants intolerably. - At length thoro came one tremendous npheaving, and tbe coaoh. was overturned just- as they reaobed the) outskirts of Penrith. How long. they lay there stunned Audrey had bo notion. Sbe awoke to tbe oonioions neas that someone was lifting her np, and that the fresh oold wind was blowing on her faop. In b bewildered way she looked round; two pjjfsera-by were lifting Mrs, Radoliffe and as they .laid her, on tbe grasa by, tbe roadiidd sbd heard her mother moan faintly. Tho B6um) made her start to hor feet and hasten to Mr*. Andcliffo'g, aide. It wbb evident that ahewnR Borioualy hurt, nor did Bhe entirely recover cootoinnsnpsi until they bad carried ber book to Dnole Aglionby's house, where under the oare of Aunt. Aglion- by's maid, wbo seemed to have overy i\p plianen tbat wee Deeded for fainting ladirs. firm hartshorn to burnt feathers, she grade— a'ly came to herself. Aodrey brrnlhsd moro freely on bearing the surgeon's, report tbat no benea were broken, but, biforn long.it became ov'ulor.t tbat nr-rinus internal rnixcbipf ha-1 (pen omised by lUn accideot,- and their unlucky drive from Carl eton Manor pr vud tbn beginning of b long an1! t^eiry illness whio'- made any thcuifin Vif ruturoiog to Lord's bland ou' of tb'i (jueation for somo months.] 