THE COMMONWEALTH BILL AND : FINANCE. In eight and sound of all the hubbub, about / Federal finance, -it 4s difficult to believe thai the Commonwealth Bill sums the matter up In less than half a dozen clauses, which rnay'be! summarised as under:— /. ! I; 'The Commonwealth Parliament will hav.'' , . .. 'Uiirvsuivwu junci ui IUAUIIUR niuiiu ' . the Commonwealth terrltoiy. li. AH Customs and excise duties will from \- the establishment of Federal authority, be paid Into the Federal Treasury. ' III. For a. period of ten. years three-fourths of all the Customs collected In' each State shall be returned to Its Treasurer month by month. IV. For a period' of five years an account ' Bhall be tpken on the borders of the States of nil dutiable goods crossing, its at present, and the revenue due on therii ' shall be credited to the States Into which they are Imported. . '> ' rV. The Federal Parliament may, if it seem . advisable, make, a loan to any necessi- , rious -State, so as to eriable lt .to meet Its ilabllltles, aiid avold such general' taxa tion as would he oppressive to the other \- - colonies. . .. . . ,, ' ' - All that the law provides on 'the matter is there;. But what Dr. MaeLaurin has. said about the law Is quite another thing. . The law, it is to be observed, does not say that the Commonwealth Parliament shall ren der (the three-fourths' of the C'l'toms duties returned sufficient for the local, needs of any State. And as it was the smallest/ and pre sumably the most necessitous, of nil the 'States that Insisted on the three-fourths ar rangement, It Would ,be reasonable to suppose that the one-fourth was regarded as a rea sonable contribution . for Federal purposes. And If theTourlh was missed ait home what more reasonable than that it should be made up by additional direct local ; taxation? : .All these things, however, were threshed out in the finance committee a year ago, and,! making fair allowances for all contingencies, it was agreed that the Federal revenue from Customs which a Federal Treasurer would re- quire would be between £G, 500.00G and £7,000,000. Wetriiay tnke It at £6,750,000. And now here ls the fact, and the means of comparison, which lays all the MacLaurin ghosts ,ju It as effectively as ever old-time ghosts' were laid by priest or presbyter. :, The Custoiris. revenue the Commonwealth will require will be £6,750,000. . The Customs .revenue collected from the six colonies proposing to federate totalled In last year upwards of £7,000,000. But, shout the Obstructionists, the border duties made up the bulk of that. ; We are raa'dy for i that shout, and reply the border duties. made up, a little jess than . one-tenth" ..of, .it. And how then 'does the" matter stand? Federated Australia will want ;£6.750, 000. Uri- federqted Australia! raises. £7,000,000. But, as' intercolonial Custoriis will, ' under Federation/ be abolished, !that latter sum. will. need to be redtieed by £700/000, and then to bring the, balance up to the totul required by the Fe deral Treasurer we should have to add on a sum' of' £460, 000. That is to say, to meet the assumed needs of the Federal Treasurer, the. Federated colonies would have to raise £450,000 more through Customs revenue than at present, "mat is the new sum which lias to' be contributed by the four million odd people 'of ..the Federation. That Is the Bole seed available for all the harvest of trouble Wlileh lias! been. promised us. We shall be relieved of £700,000- In' border duties, -and' we shall have to contribute £450,000 In gene ral. Customs. . Arid, then we eome to the question of how the amount Is to .be raised, .and there some /fearful turnip-headed ghosts have been set up /to/ scare .us back. .Yet the matter lies in .a nutshell; and Is sweet and wholesome as the . kernel of a taxation nut can ever be. It is .this:/ The Federal Customs tariff wilt be de- ylsed by a Federal Parliament, Sleeted under the Lower House franchise of all the colonies, and what sort of a Parliament is that likely to be7 ; The only way to make a reasonable guess is to look through the ltBts of the Lower Houses ' now sitting, and in that we shall surely find such an overwhelming prepon derance of protectionists as to leave no pos sibility of doubt of how the balance of parties tnust stand In the Federal' Parliament. ! I-Iow, then, would the Executive which such a majority implies set about constructing a tariff which would furnish/them with the necessary £6,750,000? . , . . > As this appeal is chiefly to an Intelligent .democracy' we will leave that question open, Never mind Dr. MacLaurin, or any other doctors or delusions. This is the point you are brought to by a study of the. actual pro visions of the Bill, and an honest attempt to gauge their Immediate results: A Federal Parliament, elected on a liberal franchise, re quires thcee millions. How will they he raised, and can they be raised without op pression? You can go farther if you will; we ourselves should be disposed to go very much farther, and sny.froe-trafle having been secured In all the States, can we so frame that new tariff as to protect and stimulate our native Industries? Unless we are asses we. surely may, and the last reply of Anti- Federalism Is that rather than permit us In New South Wales to do anything of the sort the other colonics will cut their own throats by a tariff which will choke the Industrial progress they have made. It Is not necessary to pursue that proposition farther. If we resolve Indeed to keep out of the Anti-Fede ral fog and In ,the light the simple facts of the case afford there Is no necessity to go any farther at all. We shall just stand in with our neighbours, that Is the Bumming-up of It; and If we' are not 'fit for that and con tent with It we should never have talked about Federation at all. \\. 