[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE MYSTERY OF THE DARK HOUSE. By "RITA," Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," "Darby and Joan," "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of the People," "A Husband of No Importance," etc., etc. (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XIII.—(Continued). Miss Penharva was sitting in her usual place. The sound of the storm was audible even in that closed room. The rain beat on the shutters, and the wind howled and moaned like a beast awaiting its prey. The solitary occu- pant of the lonely room seemed to me more ghostly than usual. Two candles on the mantelshelf threw a straggling light around, but the distant spaces were dim and shadowy. I approached. "You wished to see me, Miss Penharva?" I said. She looked up. Something in her eyes touched me. They were more human so to speak; and the cold white- ness of her face seemed touched and warmed by some inner feeling. "Yes," she said. "I wished to see you. Is there a storm without?" "Yes, a fearful one. You can hear the wind, can you not?" "Yes," she said, drearily. "It wakens all the echoes here—the echoes in the house, in my heart, in my life." I took the chair opposite her own. I made on answer; only looked at her with that curious sense of wonder and interest that she always roused. "Was he cruel to you? Do you hate him?" she said, suddenly. "He—who?" I answered, vaguely, for my thoughts had wandered far away. "The man who wronged you." "There are no words to express my hate," I said, fiercely. "I see my whole life laid desolate; misery and humilia- tion on every side. And my only fault was—trust." She rubbed her thin white hands to- gether. A look of fiendish exultation was in her eyes. "Hate him! Hate him with all your heart and soul!" she cried. "Let hate spur your thoughts to vengeance. Man has no mercy on a woman. She is his prey, his victim, his sport and pastime. Why should she be merciful when her chance and her hour comes. Look here! Look at this!" She seized her long white tresses and tore at them. She beat her withered hands against her withered breast in a sudden fury. Her face was con- vulsed. Her eyes gleamed with mani- fest ferocity. "A man did this. A man turned me from flesh and blood to stone. A man whom I loved, whom I trusted. If he stopped short of greater wrong it was not from want of will. Child, a mutual sorrow draws us into sym- pathy. But be warned in time. Fool them, lie to them, hurt them, play with them, but never believe in their love, never trust their honour!" With a moan she hid her face in her hands, and all that silver veil of hair fell over her like a garment. I watched her wonderingly, started by this sud- den outburst of rage and passion. She had never spoken like this to me, never betrayed such intensity of feeling. I remained silent, waiting on her mood, and the sound of the storm filled the gloom, and its eerie echoes moaned through the corridors without. When she lifted her head again, it was to speak of the reasons that ac- counted for my presence here, and I began to understand them in the light of those disjointed phrases. A child to be reared and nurtured in such fa- shion that it would be the instrument of her own revenge; a child who should drink in hatred and contempt of men as it drank in food and light and air; a child who should go forth to the world dowered with this hatred, and owning vast wealth, yet be the minis- ter of hate, and the scourger of pas- sion. I shuddered as I listened, and yet re- membered that this child would be mine. Its heritage contumely, its birthright shame. Yet, with sudden terror, I asked myself had I any right so to dispose of any human thing, even a life for which I might have to give my own? Had I any right to barter freedom of action, possible peace of mind, all or any of those gifts of physi- cal existence which Nature claims for her offspring? The wrong done to my- self could not be righted by the fur- ther wrongdoing of another, even if that other was the victim of a tragic fate, and wholly innocent of the misery its prospective existence was causing. In the long silence that followed that passionate outburst thought was merci- less to me, and I lived through spaces of both past and future in vivid flashes of what had been and what might be. When she spoke again her voice was weak and tremulous, it held the echoes of some unexpressed misery, but I lacked courage to ask of its nature. The storm raged on without, and the stress and fury of human passions and human griefs raged on within, and we two sat in the deepening gloom nurs- ing our vengeance in the very impo- tence of despair. * * * * * * Was ever anything stranger than the circumstances of my present life. Sometimes it seems like a dream from which I shall waken to find myself once more in the dear old Vicarage. Sleep itself, with its visions and phantasies, is more real at times than this exist- ence. I wander through the ghostly corri- dors, I listen in the silence of night to the whisperings and stirrings that fill the gloom with mystery. I see the moonlight stream through my uncur- tained window in the warm summer nights, and I listen to the sea's untir- ing murmurs and the owl's weird hoot- ing. I am not afraid of the loneli- ness now. I have grown used to it, and to all the void and darkness that have surrounded my life's once pas- sionate fullness. But I know it is not good for me. I know that my years are yet too young for the sap of joy to be wrung out of them, and when I rise listlessly to meet each new day and see my hollow eyes and pale cheeks I turn away from the too candid truth-teller that confronts me, and wonder dimly if this pale ghost can really be my- self. * * * * * * There is nothing to tell, nothing to record. One day is like another as the summer drifts along. The echoes of the harvest fields cannot penetrate here. The failures or successes of the fishing boats are unheard or unheeded by any inmate of Penharva. The only voice from the outer world that ever reaches us is that of Mr. Mal- pas. On the first of every month he appears and has an interview with Miss Penharva. Sometimes I see him in the gloomy dining- room, but oftener I avoid him. He makes me uncom- fortable. Day follows day, week drifts after week. The leaves turn from green to gold. Fruit and grain have been gathered and reaped. The tints and scents of autumn sharpen into chilli- ness at dawn and nightfall. I note a look of question and anxiety in old Ruth's face, and I am surprised when she tells me that she is going to sleep in the little room that opens out of my own. Then I know that the hour of my trial is approaching, and my cour- age begins to fail. * * * * * * It was midnight. I woke from a troubled sleep and looked about me. There was a fire in the grate, and a shaded lamp on the table near by. Ruth Pasco was sitting by the fire on a low chair crooning dreamily to some- thing she held in her arms. Some- thing that made a little odd funny noise, a feeble wail that to me sounded the oddest and most pitiful thing I have ever heard. I lifted myself from the pillows and peered forward. "Ruth," I said. She glanced round. "Lie down," she commanded. "You'll have a fever sartin and sure if you be so venture- some." I sank back. "Have I been ill long?" I asked feebly. "Long eno'," she answered. "A week or so you've been wandering like, but I be'ant afraid for 'ee now!" "And—and it—she?" I asked. "A fine child, eno'. But not exactly what we though her'd be. Don't 'ee let theeself get excited though. For 'tis a boy not a girl babe you've given us." "A boy!" I started up again, forgetful of warning. "Good heavens! What does Miss Penharva say?" "She was mazed. She didn't say anything, but she looked at it and sure as fate, my dear life, what do 'ee think? The babe smiled in her face quite knowin' like, and now her has it brought to her own room every day, and 'twill lie on her lap quiet and smilin', and holding av a finger her will be givin' it." "But didn't she say anything?" I per- sisted. "Narra a word. Don't 'ee fluster theeself. 'Tis a child right eno', and the will o' Providence sent it of a dif- ferent sex to our requirements, but look, my dear life, don't 'ee vex thee- self over that." "May I—see it?" I asked timidly. "If thee'll lie down and keep still. I've had a rare piece of work wi' thee these seven days." I obeyed, and she came towards me, the small flannel bundle in her arms. She put it into mine, and I looked won- deringly at the tiny puckered face, the wide- opened blinking eyes, the soft dusky hair. An odd feeling of pity for its small- ness and helplessness was the only sensation of which I was conscious. I saw no beauty in this small parcel of humanity. It was the outward and visible sign of a false love. It per- fected my misery, and yet I could not harden my heart against it. The one love common to all things feminine stirred my stagnant soul. The tears were warm on my cheeks as I bent over this small, frail thing. A rough touch, the merest accident, would have arrested the life that was so new and profitless a gift. I felt that, even as I recognised the warring of those new and strange emotions. Hurriedly I gave the child back to Ruth. Then I turned my face to the wall and wept the bitterest tears I had shed yet in all these miserable months. The time of expectation and dread was over. The waiting at an end. I should soon be free to take up life on my own responsibility, to face the world, and ask its mercy or its scorn as I pleased. Then once more the feeble wail broke forth, and I felt my heart thrill, and a strange unreasoning tenderness woke to life in place of my hardness and bit- terness. My child—mine! Undesired and dowered with shame, and yet claiming me and calling on me by right of that very dower. Mine—and I had bartered its future for my own secu- rity, and traded its forlorn innocence for my own selfish purpose. Yet when the helpless thing had rested in my arms all the womanhood within called out in sympathy. Sin, shame, and despair seemed of less ac- count before this outward and visible sign. The child's touch brought me within sight of heaven's mercy, and lifted me above even sorrow and in- difference. (To be Continued.) 