The Editoiviand his Lake. M. . Perivler, the ruling spirit of the Paris "Figaro," was formerly private secretary to M. de Villemessant, its founder, with whom he lived at Enghien (says "M.A.P."). Now, M. de Ville- messant often suffered from insomnia. His fav- orite pastime was floating in a gondola round a small lake in his grounds. However early in the morning, or inclement the weather, M. Peri- vler was hauled out of bed by a valet; and invited to steer the gondola to keep his wideawake patron company. Thus they navigated; Villemessant, lively, jolly, enjoying the beauties of daybreak; Perivier; mad with rage, secretly anathematising lake, gondola, and sleepless patron. He escaped from this disagreeable duty by clever stratagem. M. de Villemessant, having announced in tho ?'Figaro" that he had purchased a house with a lake attached, a mysterious paragraph was in- dited, whether by the prompting of Perivier I cannot say. At any rate, Paris resolved to "mount Villemessant a ship"-get up a joke at his expense. The note ran as follows: "We are* delighted to learn that eur sympathe- tic confrere, the editor of the 'Figaro,' has acquir- ed a remarkably fine lake, which he bought for a nominal sum at a recent sale at the Hotel des Ventes. This charming piece of water, installed at Enghien, his country seat, is now in full work- ing order, and has ' given its happy proprietor complete satisfaction." The famous editor could nat take up a paper without reading this irritating paragraph.: His friends, stopped him in the street, and asked for further details; correspondents from all parts of Europe wrote begging for particulars. The un- fortunate man saw it in his dream; it became a positive nightmare-haunting him as Banquo's ghost never haunted Macbeth. The continual references to this affair ultimately brought M. de Villemessant to a feverish state bordering on mad- ness. The last straw was added in the shapo of this paragraph: "It is really astonishing how closely intelligent foreigners study the slightest incidents of Pari- sian life, which seem to possess an irresistible attraction for them. As a proof of this, we sub- join the translation of a short article just pub- lished in the 'Timbuctoo Figaro,' the witty organ of the fashionable section of Timbuctoo Society." Here followed the famous paragraph. A month later, M. de Villemessant sold both house and lake, and M. Perivier was thus relieved from act- ing as amateur gondolier to a sleepless patron. 