NOTES AND COMMENTS. Mr'. Morgan's Letter. One cannot but. feel sorry for a gentleman whose dreams arc subject to zoological invasion.. What willi " flcaa "both big and little. "skceters." "fearful wildfowl," " gonts,'' nnd a six-fold appari tiiin of'lllo ghost of'A.N. V. in his letter of Wcdncs dny Inst, may Mr..Morgan for the future rests in peace. In his nightmare he imagines himself to be thn recipient of" popular thanks for championing what? The correspondence columns of the Prem need'only to he referred'!.^ Anil now the attack on anonymity, nnd fair ,public orilicism may bo coiv signedUo oblivion. Three Men and a Dog, Rowral is the poorer in that three men anil1 a dog. have le/t. in quest of gold for. New Guinea; Such an exportation of "choice Berrima produce will be nppreciated:by the dnsky yet amiable natives of' the groat islo on the equator.. The mo«qmtos will' donbtlesB go-straiijhtivay-go for the men, and 'the dog then excitedly, nip the Hare-limbed duskies, who, with an hereditary partiality, for long- pork will whet their appetities, May our friends he pre served from-being wrapped in - plantain leaves and baked with hot stones in an oven, although, if un-. happily such bo their fate, no doulit they would' sustain the reputation of.our district under trying' circumstances, but we want them all to returni safe and sound with swags full of the slliney.. . * *' * Jill".-. Rcld'sGyration., Mr. Jieid, having for the past1 five years per formed on the-tight rope to the gintiCtcntion of the mob,- has suddenly found'the Mbor member' bob at one end of his balance pole of' political expedience to havo dropped off. and over Georgia ? goes, Ml-. Heid has however much' of a tennis ball in his com position.. He is spherical, hollow, veryv elastic, and'refrounds in every unoxpectted way, and'what his next gyration may bo awnits the sensation of' to-morrow. To-day. however, he is-' sprawling, ..whilst Mr. .Tiyne, always a straight line between the 'parliamentary unemployed and- a- fnt' ministerial billet; will essay his own typo of performance on the tight line.. After the humours of Mr. Reid, the leader of ;tho opposition.may be relied on to open with a funeral farce. 