Passing Notes. Bv Spectator. Rational Voting. it apprars that a deputation recently wait erl upou Mr. Kingstou of South Australia to urge tha apDlioution of the Hare-Spenco system of votiog to the Federal elections. Ibis 1 method provides for a matter which one would think was absolutely necessary in all methods ot election, but which, as an nb Eclute fact, ie absent, frnm the syttem in this colony, namely eff- olive voting— a system wiiicu ensur.s that trie majority of the cleu tors rule. In this olcny, if there are more than two candidates f:,r one teat, the votes become »? split ' and a candidate is often re- turned wlio represents actually a minority of the total number of voters who considered it worth their while to go to the poll, a pro ceedinc which, owiug to our defective me thod, often devolves itself into a farce. Many people consider this plea for ratioi.al voting only a fad. but it ia uot. it is simple common tense. It would be rather much to hope to see a reform here before the Federal elecfoiiB come off ; under our pr, sent system it is not the b^t man who niccsarily wins, but the lucky one. Is that tatitfactory ? Ghosts. Our friends from Blayney are complaining of tbo priBeuce of a ghost, or some such supernatural leiug, in their chief mine. j.he men, we are told, bear straogs noises, bells ringing, singing, groaning, etc ; miners goiug below have their caudles blown out by supernatural beings, and they feel something bruh past them. Ever since the world be gan there have been ghosts and rumors of oh«if)f:-a linfr +fi. ?*? n/it-i._t n..:_i ? 1. ? . __ .. j*i- -----i -?— - ? obvurii cAiaijcuue iiua never been proved in a Court of Law. There is an old sp;ing that where there is much ? smoke, th-ii is sure to be tome fire, and HaniM, who waa himself the son of a chost, is reported to have said to a friend 'Toere are more thiDgs in Heaven and earth, thau are dreamt -f in your philosophy.' V«ry f.'W of us believe in ghosts, but mcBt of us have some si it of tnyft' rious awo of the un known possibility, aud the unfortunate part of it is that it impossible to catch ghosts ; you can put a bullut through them, bnt it docs not hurt, and when grabbing at its thr-ai you only gr.ib air. Some of the most reasonable and clear-headed people de clare they have seen glmste, but undoubted ly the general tendency now-a-days iB to ridicule the whole matter, as beiu;; in exis tenc-e only a trouUe mind. Whether the Full Court will ever be io a jjesittun to giva a ruling on the question is doubtful, and in the meantime tiie ghost will remain with us. The Finances. Next to our own financial position we are interested iu those of th-j Colony. Mr. Lyne refus2s to indicate whether he intends to impnsv furthrr taxation or not when ho uinii.10 me x- (utiukiM dini'mcnc j yet ir noi one wnuts to lav odda he had better sny there wiil b; additional taxation in sumo way, because : The Govt.rument intend to spend about. £'250.000 yenriy in lloaio atd I-ii?!-e8, and the actual ' primary ' cost of Federation to tliia colony alone will be over ? £2C0,('O0 ; th^re is half a million a year straight away. But where is this new taxa tion to come from ? Are wo to hear again tie rumors of a fen- m- ntlis ago, tf-.at Mr. Lyno could put on 'purely freutrade' duties, &n-l; not violate his jjlcdgn to ' Biuk the liscal issue.' or can it be possible that the Governmunt will go to the country for absolution from that pledge ? Parliament l.ss a ?.iod fifteen months to run yet before the (fflmion uf time, yet on the other haud Mr. Lyne would hsve a fair show of success if he were to go to the country now. Mr. CoghEan's Position. Haviug CdRliilIy read all the published correspondence which has passed between N5r. Coghlan aud the Atloruey-Utineral. the innocent ci.izen will wonder what it is all about. Reading between tha linus a. very plain story is told ; Mr. Cojhlan evi dently had, what tne school boys would cill the bie end of tiie stiek, and yet he exhibit ed sufficient of that discretion which is call ed the better part t.f valor in not presbiog hia advantage too far. As it is at the worst he wilt'litive n pood stout pension, at the best £850 a year as Government Statistician, Mr. Wise was bent on getting tbis grent fluancial authoiity out of the way bnt could not do it. lie is a member of the Publ'c Service Buard, which is a statutory position, and it would take s vole of Parliament to disporsess him. An Statistician he is a civil nerviuit and can only be removed by the Public Service Bourd ; hence Mr. Wise had a hard row to hoc, nnd he was to a consider able extent successful. The man who never foreets anything will remind us that Wise' had his kuife into Ccghlan during tho Federal campaign, and said more than once, in plain lauguage, that the Government ought to Imvo him sacked. During the sub sequent elections he never lost sic;ht of the matter, and now we find him in such a posi tion that he van do his worst. No doubc the piexeut position ot Mr. Oophlan isanoma ious, but the practical- minded man will want tu know where the harm came in. If this f-mbrogl-o is the -utcome of mere animosity on the part of the Attori.ey-Geueral owing to the opposition Mr. CouhUn ohowed to Federation —and thtre is very strong evi dence in support of this explanation — it is by uo means a complimentary commentary on t!r. Wise's toleration. Hasty Legislation. The absurdity of ruehing Parliamentary business through in the small hours of the morning was emphatically emphasised in the case of the Early Closmg Bill. The As sembly sat until about 5.30 one morning getting tbe Bill through Committee, but when members lm) a tlefp and looked into what they hai done, it was found necessary to re-commit the measure iu order to recon cile certain contradictory provisions, and for other purposes. All that evening wan taken up in rectifying mistakes made by members at tbe previous sitting. Mr. Lyne is naturally very anxious to get the measure through, it would be a great feather in his cap ; but it will be interesting to watch how this social stio democratic measure fares in ' another olace.' . unarmes. Coud;c) has piven liis opinion that s par sonage is a place used exclusively for chari ties and, therefore, cannot, be taxed by the municipality, aud that even the wealthy St. Mark's, Darling Point (which raised the question), is used exclusively for charity. Now Darliug Point is wbore snme of onr very ' u&iotsst; ' penp'e livi-, and it is simply seiudatono to kiut at there being miy uf tli'isii terrible p.ior people there — the people you know tbet we give our guineas tu, you'll see our subscript. ou list advertised in the paper. We ulw«y» give three guinoaB, bnt Mie. Brown she only ? 