THE FUNCTIONS OF GOLD. Let us now go to Plutus Temple — the' bank in the Holy of Holies of which gold is 'sacredly kept (as was the Ark of (he' Tabernacle), and .let us investigate what functions it claims to ^perform in the afiairs of men. For this purpose we will select the greatest of all banks in the world, ? viz., the Bank of England. London contains a city within a city : and' within this inner city is yet another, the very heart, of this metropolis. It is a small place, In a couple of minutes you may valk across it from side to side and from end to end. Y/efc it is the centre and citadel of England's greatness,, the heart whose pulsations are felt to the fur^ thest extremities of the earth. The occupants .of this precinct have dealing with all the world,. From this spot proceeds the power which helpi on the civilisation of the globe. As you look upon the low, quadrangular structure of the bank, you are overcome by its imposing appear ance. The dead wall around it, scantily re lieved by pillars let into the front, almost windowless and doorless, bespeaks a sombre, jealously- guarded sanctuary. It- is the treasure house of Plutus, the sovereign and deity of this precinct and of England. In front of it, you feel an awe and sombreness very accordant with all.our notions of the Old Lady of Threadneedle Street, the image of wealth and power. Across Threadneeclle-street stands the Royal Exchange, with its high-pillared porticoes, its wide archway of entrance, and large inner court open to the sky. These two buildings, which' far surpass in size any of the surrounding palaces, fitly ?' represent ' the two powers whose joint action constitutes the life of this busy world. The Bank represents Money, the Ex change represents Commerce.' Generally the two act in harmony : sometimes, however, in rivalry ; but at all times they deeply affect one another. A panic on 'Change makes a crisis in the Bank, a crisis at the Bank makes a panic on 'Change. They are like brother and sister, but the money is the stronger. Commerce depends upon money, and sometimes is sub- ' jected to. av cruel bondage. Linger here awhile,, and it will not be long before you, find what vast issues are dependent upon the presence of gold in that solid building of the short pillars. Yet, strange to say, in this Temple of Gold; gold cannot be seen. We know, from official returns, that so many millions of gold lie in the: vaults of the bank,^but the precious metal makes no appearance in the business transactions of this money centre. Bits of paper with some writing on them/are the sole visible agents of the scene. Paper, paper, everywhere, but no gold, not one sovereign, to be seen. It is only the ghost of the gold that occupies the stage of action. The truth is, the whble opera tions of this monetary metropolis would come to a standstill if they had to be carried on with, gold. Happily the yellow dross is no longer wanted. (It never was wanted.) Yet while gold is here invisible, while thousands who operate here never see it : visible or invisble,. its presence in the vaults regulates and affects all thecommercial operations of England,nay, of the whole world. Those two brief lines in the city papers which tell whether the gold block in the Bank is swelling or sinking, contracting or ex panding, are in reality the vital point: of the industrial movement of England. If gold is coming in, everybody is elated, and business and enterprise go freely ahead ; if gold is leaving the-. Bank, everybody becomes uneasy, and enter prise comes +q a staudstill. : . * * '. * ? ? . :? . This Temple of Mammon is based upon gold, and this basis has often been found to be pre eminently unstable and dangerous. The gold block within oscillates : and each of its greater oscillations is felt like the shock of au earth quake. . - *..??*?.'. # \jl iaie years inese oscillations nave been more frequent, more alarming, and more disastrous. Every ten years or so a convulsion takes place ;. not of Nature, but of human folly spreads terror and desolation far and wide, paralysing; the business of the whole country as effectually as if an earthquake had upheaved the land and strewed with jjruins the pillars of our national industry.1 ..'... There is paralysis of industry, dearth of employment, and hard, times are felt universally. Is there something wrong here ? Ought the presence or absence of a few cubic iuches or feet of gold in a bank make so vast a difference' between national prosperity on the one hand, and national disaster and widespread ruin. on. the other ? — From De Bernardi's ??* Trials and Triumphs of Labour,' the Text Book of the-. Labour Exchange. This yellow slave Will, knit and break religions ; bless the- ac curs'd ; . , Make the hoar leprosy adored ; place thieves, And give. them, title, knee and approbation With senators on the bench .; this, is it That makes the wappfcn'd widow wed again ; She, whom the spital-house and ulcerous sores Would cast the gorge at, this emblams andi spices To the April day again. — TlMON OF ATHENS. * ' * * A combine of the velvet dyers is in process of arrangement. The preliminaries to the projec ted scheme are already in an advanced stage, and the capital is' expected to be n«arly £2,000,000 sterling. \- * ' ? * * * ' The, ' Board of Trade Journal' states that *? big rubber trust is said to be in course of forma tion with, a capital of £6,000,000. The head office- will probably be ia New York, 