The Romanising of the Church of England. By the Rev. F. C. Boyer. IV. — The Order of Corporate Re-union. The Secret Society in the Church of England, the name of which appears at the head of this paper, is more pro nouncedly Romish even than the two secret societies dealt with in the former articles of this series — the ' Society of the Holy Cross' and the 'Confrater- nity of the Blessed Sacrament.' ' The Order of Corporate Re-union ' appears to have been formed in' the year 1876\. On July 2nd, 1877, it held a secn-t synod in London, at which a ' pastoral ' of the rulers was approved, which had been prev.ously drawn up This pastoral gives important informa tion as to the nature and methods of the society. The pastoral was formally promulgated by being read on September 8th, in the presence of witnesses, whose names have not been made public, on the steps of the West End of St. Paul's Cathedral, and in other places through cut the land. It commences thus : — ' In the Sacred Name of the Most High Undivided and Adorable Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen. Thomas, by the favour of. God, Rector of the Order of Corporate, Re-union and Pro- Provincial of Canterbury ; Joseph, by favour of God, Pro vincial of York; in the kingdom of England ; and Laurence, by the favour of God, Provincial of Caerleon, in the principality of Wales, with the provosts and members of the Synod of the Order, to the faithful in Christ Jesus, whom these presents may concern, health and bene diction in the Lord God everlasting.' The pastoral deplores ' the evil 6tate into which the Church of England has been brought by departure from ancient principles arid by recent events,' and declares the act of submission of the clergy in the reign of Henry VIII to be ' the root of all our existing evils and miseries.' The reign of the Protestant king Edward VI. is described as ' a period of wild confusion ' while that of the Romanist Queen Mary is referred to as one of ' Catholic re- action.' It affirms that at the present time ' every vestige of distinct corporate entity has utterly disappeared from the Church.' The grand remedy for these ' evils,' which this Society claims it provides, is ' three distinct and independent lines of a new Episcopal succession, so as to labour corporately, and on no sandy foundation for the healing of the breach which has been made.' Dissatisfied with the orders possessed by the Church of England bishops (and so with the orders of the clergy of that church re reived from those bishops), they claim to have secured ' three distinct and independent lines of a new Episcopal Succession ' for the Bishops of the Order of Corporate Reunion, aud this with a view to bringing about the Cor porate Reunion of the Church of England with the rest of Christendom, which it is their ' chief aim ' to serve. Mr. Walsh rightly remarks, ' The real ? object of such a policy is, of course, to bring not only themselves, but the whole Church of England with them back to the Pope, and this is what they mean by ' Corporate Reunion,' as distinguished from individual secession.' The same policy was advocated by a Ritualist as far back as 1867 in the columns of the Union Rene w, in the form of a letter to a Roman Catholic. ' With such a position,' wrote the Ritualist, ' it is surely, I say, much better for us to remain working where we are— for what would become of England if we were to leave the Church'? She would be simply lost to Catholicism. . . ' . Depend upon it, it is only through the English Church itself that England can be Catholicised, .... and so long as the Church of England remains what she is, to join you (Rome) in any but a cor porate capacity would be, in our view, to sin against the truth.' A. very important -question is raised by the above 'pastoral' as to the identity of the men whose names appear at its head. Who are 'Thomas,' pro provincial of Canterbury; ' Joseph,' Provincial of York ; and 'Laurence,' Provincial of Caerleon? That these names represent the ' Bishops ' of the Order of Corporate Reunion is obvious, but who are the Bishops thus described ? The identity of one of them is still a matter of some uncertainty ; after much conjecture certainty has at last been traced as to ? the identity of the other two. One of the three Bishops of the Order of Cor porate Reunion is beyond doubt the Rev. F. G. Lee, Vicar of All Saints, Lambeth ; another was (for , he is now dead) the Rev. Thomas W. Mossman, for many years Rector of West Torring ton, Lincolnshire. The Whitehall Revieio has accused the Rev. Joseph L. Lyne, alias Father Ignatius, of being the remaining Bishop of the O.C R. ; but although Mr. Lyne has not been known to deny the statement, Mr. Walsh has serious doubts as to his identity. Concerning the two . Bishops of the O.C.R. whose identity has been ascer tained, and concerning their ' Episcopal Orders,' there has come to hand from a variety of sources a quantity of most interesting information. The Rev. R. W. Whitworth, a Ritualistic Clergyman, in a lung letter to the ' Church Review ' of December 28th, 1878, affirmed that the Rev. F. G. Lee, Vicar of All Saints, Lambeth, w^s one of the three Bishops of the Order of Corporate Reunion, and distinctly called him 'Bishop F. G. Lee he referred, moreover, to ' the Roman, Greek, and Armenian Bishops who joined together secretly to consecrate Dr. F. G. Lee and his colleagues.' The Birmingham Daily Gazette, in a leading article, written about seven years after the foundation of the Order, affirmed in reference to Dr. F. G. Lee, — ' It is said that there is no doubt that he does exercise Epis copal functions, and has been seen in Episcopal vestures, of course of a more mediaeval pattern than the ' magpie ' attire familiar to the House of Lords.' The Rev. A. Jerome Matthews, a Roman Catholic priest, wrote to the Trowbridge Chronicle of October 16th, 1886, a letter, in which he asserted that Dr. Lee was reported to be ' one of three Anglican clergymen who went in a vessel for a sea voyage m company with three foreign schismatical but real bishops. That when in mid-ocean the three clergymen were conditionally baptised, ordained deacons and priests, and then consecrated bishops. That they went to mid-ocean to be in nobody's diocese, and that Dr. Lee does not deny the allegation.' Another , Roman Catholic priest wrote a letter in the Nov. 29th, 1886, issue of the same paper, affirming that ' the Order of Corporate Re-union is under Dr. Lee, who is undoubtedly a bishop.' {To be continued). 