noamabdencndmabnnaanhmflibabsiaanawbfl focit! & He-EUS. j | Anglican.— Sixth Sunday aft-r Tiinity: Glen; : limes at 8 (communion), -11. and 7.15 ; Red Range j at 3.— -Rev. -F. T. C. Reynolds. 1'kesb'ytkUian.— Sunday, July 9 : Glen Innes at 11 and 7.30 ;vLiiiM'ot'd (Mr. A. Gumi's) at 3.— Mr. T. S. Crawford, student. Wkslkyan .— Sunday, July 9: Glen Innes at II anil 7 : Stonelienge nf 3.— Rev. A. H. Johnstone. Mciyliule at J I ; Glencoe / at 3.— Mr. K. Oaten. Einmavllle .at It and 7.r— Ruv. E. W. Rullantiue. The' quarterly social will be held to morrow (Wed nesday) evening at 7.30. r Locum Ten ems. — During the absence of the Rev. J. Edwards in Sydney Mr. T. S. Crawford, from St. Andrew's College. Sydney, wiM conduct the services in connection with the Presbyterian Church throughout the Glen Iunes district. Trinity Concert. — No effort ia being spared to make the forthcoming musical and dramatic enter tainment in connection with Trinity Hall Organ Fund a success, and a most extensive programme ia being arranged. Besides the iSumorous sketches of ' Mrs Jarley's Wax works, ' we understand the laughable Comedietta, The Area Belle, is under, rehearsal for production in connection . with the- programme. Staff-Col-Skrot. P. P. Mdrfhy. — On Saturday evening this gonlh nmn, who has t een appointed to the position of Staff Instructor to the 6th Iufautry Regiment, Australian Rifles, wus accorded a send- off at Fitzgerald's Great Hotel by a number of members of K Company and other townsmen. Slaff-segt. Gable occupied the chair and eulogised Sergeant Murphy's services as a soldier, and con gratulated him upon his appointmeut. -Reservist. J. Carter, Set gentile M 'Donald, Bates, Don- nellun. Martin, Private Davis, and cx Color- sergt. Travers also spoke of the high qualities of the guest and his good comradeship. The health of Sergt. Murphy was drunk, and feelingly re sponded to by that gentleman. Several songs were given and altogether a jolly night was spent. Mr. Murphy left for Sydney by Suuday night's traiu to enter upon his new duties. Miss Woods' Marriage. — We have reeeived a list of presents made to Miss Woods on the occa sion of her marriage with Mr G.Price. Among these were — Bridegroom to bride, gold brooch ; Mr. and Mrs. W. Woods, cheque ; Mr. H. and M isses J. and M." Woods, silver oruet ; Mr J, K. Woods, lamp ; Misses E. and J. Woods, j-dozeu dosaert spoons and forks ; Mr, William Woods, jun., silver butter knife.; Master Joe Woods, pair salt cellers ; Master R. Woods, cream jug ; Mr. S. Price, set silver mounted carvers iu case ; Mr. and Mrs. Mullan, tea sot ; Mrs Clarke (Victoria) cheque ; Mrs. Cozens (New Zealand), pair pillow shams and wall pockets ; Miss May Cozens, pin cusliiou ; Miss Woods, cheque ; Mr. and Mrs. A. Clarke, silver butter dish and knife ; Masters J. and H. Claike, water jug ; Mr, J. Clarke, silver cruet ; Mr. and Mrs. Gilchrist, breakfast oruet ; Miss Aggie Gilchiist, tea pot ; Mr. aud Mrs. Os borne, afternoon tea set ; Miss L. A, Osborne, tea oosy ; Miss E. K. Osborne, cloud ; Messrs James and John. Osborne, silver butter dish and knife; Mr H. Osborne, pair jam dishes ; Messrs Charles W. Rudd and Co, pair vases; Mr. M. Hanley, pair glass dishes, wuter bottle, and honey jar ; Mr "H. Trench aid, tea pot and cream jug ; Misses L. and R. Sergei, pair vases ; Mrs. J. Edwards, silver jam dish and spoon ; Mr and Mrs M. Con don, water, battle .and glasses. K Company Rifle Club— The annual meeting of this club was held in the drill shed on Saturday evening, when about 25 members were present. Sergeant W. Bates was voted to the Chair After some minor business was transacted, the election of officers .was then proceeded with, and resulted ; — Treasurer, Lieutenant C. R. Cunningham ; secre- tary, Staff- sergeant Goble ; handicapper, Private J. Hutton ; committee, Captain Scott, Lieutenants Cunningham and Abbott, Sergts. Bates, Donnellan, and Martin, L-corpl. Sully, Privates Fitzgerald, J. Hutton, T. Davis, J. Tierney, 0. Juergens and W. Matthews. It was decided to hold the usual monthly shooting on the 4th and 7th inst., at 500 and 600 yards. Vital Statistics. — The following statistics have been handed us for the quarter ending 30th June : — Marriage's, 13; births — 21 male 20 female— 41, being a decrease of five ou previous quarter ; deaths — nine male, 16 female — 25, an increase of Bix an previous quarter. Death of an American Lady.— The hody of M lb J. D. Fisher, whose death took place at Inverell on Wednesday evening was conveyed to Glen Innes and was sent on to Sydney on Friday. Referring to the sorrowful event, the Inverell Timet eays : — Mr. Fisher arrived at Inverell about three months ago with the view of taking up liiterbsts 111 our local. diamond, silverand tin mines. After he iiad been here ahout a month and was satisfied as to tiie prospects of tiie district he sent far Mrs Fisher, who had, dluilig his absence here, | l.f-tn living at the Hotel Metropele, Sydney, i Since Mrs. Fisher arrived she has made herself | very popular amongst all classes threngh'her bright 1 and unaffected manners and conversation. Hsr sudden death has therefore cast a gloom over the wliolb town and district. The saddest part of It is that her two children (a boy and girl) are jn America aud she was looking forward with suoh joyouB anticipation to being with them there In September next. Mrs Gordon and' the nurse in ehargo were unremitting in their attention and kiudness, so that the poor distraoted husband must feel consolation in the knowledge that he did all he could to save the life of his baloved wife. It is Mr. Fisiier's intention to take tho body to Bangor, State of Maine, U.S.A. , where she was born, for intermeut iu the family vault. Long Livkd. — A wire from Melbourne states : — The death occurred on Wednesday morning of Mr, laines Walsh, who was 101 y?ars old. He came to Victoria with his wife and children 15 years ago, and has since resided at Purmin, near Warrnain- bnol. His age is definitely fixed by the fact that he was 17 years old when the Battle of Waterloo was fought. He was able to get about and work in the garden, and retained all his faculties until Friday last, when he contracted a cold, which proved fatal. The deceased frequently d is sussed hia age w ith his friends, aud always attributed bis longevity to the fact tiiat he seldom took meat food aud was very abstemious in regard to intoxicating liquors. He had two sons and one daughter, 18 grandchildren, an 1 26 great grandchildren, all of whom who are living. His sister, Mrs Coghlan, who is 98 years ef age, Is still living near YVurr- niimhool. The latter's husband, who died four years ago, was 100 years of age. Federation'. — The Hon. J. Carruthers, who has been visiting Brisbane, stated that a largo propor tion of those who voted against Federation in New South Wuirs are now <" prepared to accept the position. He considers Queensland has nothing to feur in fair competition with the ether colonies, and that she aud New South Wales has moie to gain fioin Federation than any of the others. Mr. Carruthers declares that even should West Austra lia and - Queensland stand out the other four colonies would still goon with Federation. unkqdallbd and Invicible Woods' Great Pepper- mint Cure for Coughs aud Colds, Is 6J— 3. 11 11 JTIrlHiiWHHm.Mi .. - j . — .- jjMl'NiNU AT Cunglebung —Mining lllfatti IS at ; cjmglebung are at present in a flouiishing coudi 1 ; ifon, the latest crushing being from Messrs. White J iflui Evei iiigham's Abeicromhie property. Twelve 6ons of stone, \ treated by Mr ligue battery, yielded 43ozr5WT5nwt8 of retorted ; old, which is the largest yield obtained in the ICunglebung district for some years. The Aber- Icrombie reef lias been tested to a depth of 40 feet, Iwith good gold showing all the way, and with lp roper development work ibis property bids fair 3to give a good account of itself, as some of tho Stone is exceedingly rich.— Grafton Grip, ,t I-CoifseM'PTTt)NWYerhjs death of Miss Isabella M'Nicholl, neioe of the late Mrs Sharp, of Reddestouo, the sad event ooeurring on Tuesday last. The deceased arrived iu our midst about 13 years ago from Scotland, and has since that time resided with her relations at Red- destoue. Quaint Marriage "Announcement — In an English periodical of tho year 1797 the followiug funny notions of marriages are printed ; — "At Edg- baston Church, after a courtship of three weeks, Mr D. Dykin, aged 66, to Miss Pickford, of Whiff- nal, aged 16. is the fourth wife he has led to the altar, of Hymen within the last four years. \- Stephen Chotham, of Leeds, aged 22, to Faith StepheiiBon, of the Old Duke publio-house, in Great Woodhouse, aged 71. This tender pullet danced a hornpipe on the eve of her weddiug day. At Pilminstcr, John Bendon, aged 70, who has walked upon crutches for several years, and has only one eye, to Sarah Govier, aged 33, w ho also ' has one eye and is dumb. At Morresby, Mr Cle- meutsoii, jnti, almost 18, to Miss Waddiugtou, of Parton, turned 15. At Newcastle-under-Lyne, Mr'Huywood, aged 70, to Miss Beutiett, aged 75. This is the fourth time this- blest couple hav$ offered their mutual vows at the altar of Hymen. ; The Ybar's Revenue. — Tho financial year elosed on Friday, and the revenue statement for June was issued from the Treasury iu the afternoon. -The receipts for the month have been of a vsry satisfactory character, totalling £952,570, as against £820,902 for last Juna, the net increase being no less than £131,668, The grosB increases amounted to £160,733. Satisfactory as this must be for New South Wales, the increase does not compare too favorably with that of the " poor little cabbage garden" across the southern border. The Victorian revenue for the financial year was £7,378,842, or £491,379 in excess of the previous year. Tho revenue was largely in excess ef the Treasurer's estimate, but, owing to various causes, Sir George Turner does not think the surplus will be more than £250,000.— The Si A. revenue re turns show an increase of £90,000 on last year. A surplus ou the year of £46,000 is anticipated. The Penalty of Snoring.— In San Francisco a young woman named Steilu Vechon, employed as a hotel servant, has keen arrested on a charge of insanity. It appears that she snored to such a degeee that the guests at tho Cabot house, where s:he worked, were unable to sleep, and many left the hotel rather than be subjected to the ordeal of lying awake and listening to her. It is said no sane person con'd snore as she did, but the lunacy physicians confess themselves puzzled. A Ghost in Divorce. — Mrs Anna Rirers an American lady lias" be-gun an action for divorce from her husband. She claims that the ghost of lier husband's" first Wife investB the house and makeB her miserable. - It appears at nights, and frightens lier so she is unable- to sleep. It comes near to her ami indulges in paroxysms of weeping, and occasionally it smashes the furniture. Mrs River's assertions were at first laughed at, but she persisted in them, and upon being medioally exam- , in ed was deolared to bs sane. Why " Joe '. \vils j see . w Through;,"— In the : present condition of. things in the Transvaal, it is interesting to know that the total Boer population |is slightly over 78,000 souls, whereas the total out- j'lauder population in the Republic is 210,660, as S quoted by the Times from the Transvaal Official I Almanac. In other words, 73 per cent, of tho white population are deprived of all' substantial share in political rights by th« remaining 27 per cent., and that notwithstanding the fact that the 73 per cent, not only pay nearly all the taxes, but possess nearly all the wealth and intelligence of the country. Yet, all the 73 per cent, only ask a fair share of the rights enjoyed by the miueritj. This the B«ers-hnve pe» Bistcntly refused, and still re-' fuse. Hence the final crisis, and hence ths Imperial Government's decision " to see it through." Wk have a few dozen left— call and see us. Best golden syrup 5s per dozen ; a tin of tieaclo at 4$d. —Rule Bros. / A Public School Teacher.— Yesterday Mr. Fitzharding, P.M. of Tenterfield, was engaged holding an inquiry, at the Court House, on behalf of the Public Service' Board, with reference to the alleged misconduct of a teacher in the Educational; Department. The inquiry was bold with olosed doors. Kwokg Sing War have donated £5 5s. and col lected £6 10a from Chinese residents towards the Hospital funds. Mr.1I. Dingwall, who has had charge of Red-! destone Public School for five years, has been trans" - ferr'ed to Hartley. Popular with the pupils and; well respected by all classes, Mr. and Mrs. Ding- : wall's departure will he generally regretted. We have been asked to state that the pro grammes used at the recent Catholic social were . supplied gratuitously by Mr. Thomas Cos nor, of- Petei Bhatn. On the occasion of Miss M'Cormack's wedding, ; the interior of the chapel was beautifully decorated : by the Good Sisters of St. Joseph. Mr. A. North has leased a part of his property j at Lamb's Vallny to Webber and party for mining : purposes. They have already sunk a shaft 96 feet, and expect to lecover tin under the baBalt in a few days. The Premier of West Aurtralia says that lie ha8 made up his mind to introduco a bill to authorise the Font ling Bill being sent to I he people. In a short time says the Pall Mall Gazette there will only be half-a-dozen women who liaVe nii't written a . novel, and tliry will be in museums. A French boy lms broken two black cats to har ness. He d lives Iiib puts in single as well as double harness up ami down the street every day. The total quantity of wool sold ill Sydney hyi miction and by pliv ite sales in the season 189798 whs 444.800 bulea ; ami this season which olosed w ith Thursday's sale, 446, S35 bales, Sib Gem ge Turner said in the Victorian Parlia ment on Thursday that though the first Federal Puilii-meut would sit in Melbourne, it did bot fol> low thut tiie Executive-. would b? there.- -v The Daily Telegraph declares that a majority, 'of the Pppositioti are displeased with Barton's leader ship. It also states -that- many inenibi rs of tiie Labor, party wiU'support ally motion' of -cBiisure against ths. Government. Tltc. Itoscs lii . Baby's. Face , i . " blossom fi-oiji Up . stock of health. When baby, is out of sorts the roses fade and tht.treasured.liglit of f lis home grows dim indeed. The, tiny ni'tferer'bnly needs quo thing — Culifninia Syrup of Ffgs, ati ideal medicine for, children. ' It is : perfectly -suited to their strength, never til ing or weakening the slant noli, liver, kidneys, and bowels, which it' cleanses,, completely .dissipatpig at will all troubles of these organs, aud then it niat-rmlly strengthens them. In action it is ss hland and gentle asraiii-water, and there is nt> risk attending its use, evsu with the youngest infant. It promptly brings back the roses to baby's face. So happy a consummation is never obtained fmm oiieap imitations of California Syrup of Figs, but always from the genuine. The genuine of reputable chemists every where, Is ljjd and le 9d. 