? *& ? HIS ANSWER. AIMLESS ABUSE AND BOMBASTIC ~BIGOTRYATTHE MINISTERS' MEETING. THE CARDINAL AND THE MISSIONS IN THE SOUTH SEAS. HIS EMINENCE SETS FORCEFUL FACTS AGAINST SECTARIAN FICTION. ? I Fkom the Cardinal- Archbishop a Fkeeman reporter obtained on Wednesday afternoon the following statement s — The meeting held in the Town Hall last evening recalls the trite maxim : 'When you have a bad oase, make sure to abuse the plantiff's attorney.' As far as I could glean from the reports in the public press this morning, plentiful abuse has been meted out to me by the various speakers, but no attempt whatever has been made to reply to my statements regarding the Protestant missions in the islands of the Pacific. What the ridiculous results of the meeting mean, it is not for me to say. But it appears that the meeting of the prophets of B aal m olden times was the very type of last even ing's meeting. ' Shout louder ' was the admoni tion of Elias to the false prophets. He would probably give the same advice to the conductors of of the latest Protestant united service in the Town Hall. Any statements that I have made in regard to the missions in the Pacific, so far from being contrary to the principles of Christianity and public morality, have had for their solo purpose to set matters in their true light. Preachers who have made large fortunes in those islands, the descen dants of. those preachers, and. those who are inter ested in missionary collections, will very naturally feel hurt at the truth being told. Whilst, however. I use my efforts to unmask the humbug and exaggerated statements of missionary adventurers, I \- onsider that it \e the thanks of my Australian tellow-citizens that I morit and not their censure. At times, however, words have been imputed to me which I did not use. In my speech at Redfern, as reported in some of the newspapers, a specific charge was made against the Samoan missionaries. That charge is the work of the reporters, and not mine. I was particularly careful to avoid referring to the missionaries on that occasion. I have always said that, engaged on this mission-field, men of earnestness, honest purpose and good faith deserve the highest commendation. The labours of such men will I be fruitful, and their work will remain the heritage of true missionaries. But viewed as a whole, those Protestant missions are manifestly the work of man, and not the work of God. To justify any hard words that I have used, I will endeavour, as briefly as the occasion will allow, to present a picture of a few of those island missions. I do not expect to convert the promoters of Tuesday's meet ing. To thepn my only words are the Prophet's advice, to which I have referred. But I am con fident that our respectable fellow-oitizens, instead of taking offence, will be grateful to me for the sketch which I give. THE MISSION IN FIJI. I will begin with Fiji, not only because it is a British colony, more closely connected with Austra lian interests than the other island groups of the Pacific, but also because it is a mission-field where many of the Wesleyan preachers have made their fortunes, and in which, our Protestant friends take special pride. An Anglican clergyman in 1896, writing of the Fijian mission in ' Parts of the Pacific,' declared it to be ' the noblest work of the kind that Christendom had ever witnessed.' The Rev. Mr. Lovett, in his 'Primer of Modern Mis sions' (London, 1896), stvles it ' one of the most impressive triumphs over the evil heart of man to be found in all its long and marvellous annals.' Rev. Mr. Dennis presents it as ' an example of what God's grace has accomplished among us.' And at a missionary meeting held here in Sydney only a few months ago (March, 1899), a Wesleyan clergy man gave those missions unstinted praise : ' The Fijian mission,' he said, ' was one of the grandest of the Christian era. Its triumphs wefre not sur passed by any mission in the world, either in the present or past centuries.' Surely, then, I am justified in taking the Fijian mission as a test case. The history of the first Protestant attempts to evan gelize the Fijians may be briefly told. In the year 1797 the famous missionary ship Duff landed eleven English and Scottish, missionaries on one of the islands. Scarcely had the ship taken its departure, when one of the party began to prevaricate, and very soon by his open immorality he scandalized not only his white friends, but even the natives themselves. In a few weeks he was found murdered in the native hut which he had made his home. Another of the party named Vason avowed himself an infidel and identified himself with the pagan natives. In the words of the Rev. Dr. Brown in ?'?History of the Protestant Missions,' he ' mingled with the heathen, showing a strong disposition to learn their ways, in which he at length made a woeful pr.oficieney, and threw off the mask of Christianity completely.' (Vol. . 2, page 200.) Three of the other missionaries were murdered in quarvels that arose. The survivors took refuge in New South Wales, devoting themselves to pastoral pursuits. Rev. Dr. Lang completes their history : ' Missionaries,' he says, ' who had been sent forth with the prayers of the British public and the bene diction of the London Missionary Society, to con vert the heattoen in the numerous isles of the Pacific, were at length found converted themselves into stars of the fourth or fifth magnitude, in the constel lations Aries and Taurus ; or, in other words, in the sheep and cattle market of New South 'Wales.' The only memorial that these first missionaries left after them in Fiji was a forge. It was probably the emblem of the craft in which most of them were better skilled than in preaching the Gospel.' PAGANISM THINLY VENEERED. The first Wesleyan missionaries landed in Fiji in 1822, but the mission does not appear to have formally commenced till 1835. It is their boast that, through their efforts, within 20 years the whole island was practically Christian, cannibalism being abolished, and no fewer than 120,000 natives being reckoned among the Church attendants. There are, however, some disagreeable facts which go far to prove that the Wesleyan lotu adopted by the natives was rather a veneer for paganism than a sincere conversion. Even since Fiji became a British colony some of the tribes have indulged in cannibalism. It is not long ago that a tribe refused to pay the cotton-tax, and good Wesleyans though they claimed to be, they killed and ate the European collectors who ventured amongst them. Julian Thomas (best known by his writings under the name of ' The Vagabond') tells of the dealings of the high chief Maafu with ' the native minis ter, a man of great fervour, who became convinced, after much study of the Scriptures, that he was a saint, and that angelic powers were conferred upon him.' A British Blue Book as late as 1886 gives an account of the fanatic Navosavakadua, who sought, without renouncing Wesleyanism, to revive all the old orgies of Paganism. In the words of the Royal Commission, 'he compounded a new reli gion out of old Fijian myths and Biblical stories.' Thousands gathered round him, and it was only when he and more than a hundred of his followers were shot down that the new lotu collapsed. One of the last acts of Sir John Thurston as Governor wbb to crush a somewhat similar attempt at the revival of cannibalism and paganism. A STORY OF DECAY. The gradual decay of the population under the regime of the Wesleyan missionaries cannot be questioned. One island which became a mission stronghold had in former times 2000 natives ; it has at present scarcely 200. The missionaries in 1840 reckoned the Fijian population at 200,000. In 1870, in the official Wesleyan report, the number of natives was estimated at 150,000. Later, at the Wesleyan Jubilee celebration in 1885, the population is given at 110,000. The Government census in 1891 reports the whole native population as 104,862. The Stateman'a Year Book for 1899 gives the latest official estimate as 99,773. Thus in half a century the population has dwindled to one half. As regards the number of Wesleyan adherents, from their original estimate of 120,000, they had been reduced in 1870 to 105,000; i;i July, 1895, the secretary of the Australasian Wesleyan Society reports their total number as 99,000, whilst he reckons the Catholics at only 2000. However, the Statesman's Year Book just referred to sufficiently refutes the latter part of his statement, for it gives the number of Catholics in 1897 (the latest available official, re turns) as 9325. AN ARROGANT CLAIM OF WESLEYAN ISM. The Rev. Mr. Langham, as reported in the Syd ney press on April 18, 1898, made the public an nouncement that the education of the Fijians was entirely in the hands of the Wesleyan mission.' Here we have a definite statement, but it is one which can easily b-2 shown to be quite inconsistent with the facts of the case. The Bishop of Fiji, the Right Rev. Dr. Vidal, when passing through Syd ney in 1896 gave to the press a report of the Catho lic Mission, in which he says that the 29 resident missionaries, all members of the Society of Mary, are assisted by a large number of catechists in teach ing reading, writing, etc., as well as religion. There were then seven Marist Brothers engaged in teach ing, besides 140 native teaphers. There were also 23 European Sisters and 17 native nuns. At each missionary station there was a school, and these schools were well attended ; for instance, there were at the Wairiki schools 160 children, at Solevu 100, at Cawari 70, at Rewa 100. At the close of the preceding scholastic year the Chief Justice, who presided at the distribution of prizes, pronounced a singular eulogy of the Catho lic schools, as reported .in 'the Fiji Times. Among other things, he said : ' I have been ex ceedingly impressed with the good work that is being done among us by the Sisters and Brothers. I think it mu6t be a subject of great comfort to the parents to have here settled among us the ladies of the convent, who devote time, energy, learning, and the most delicate attention to the education of their girls. It is evident to me that the Catholie inhabi tants are exceedingly fortunate in having such schools and teachers for their children. I wish, these schools all the success that is due to the care and attention that is abundantly bestowed upon them.' I will only add to complete this picture that the ' Statesman's Year Book' for 1899 gives the following Fijian details : ' One hundred and thirty-six schools are oonducted by the Roman Catholic Mission, the number of' day-scholars being 1705 in 1897. The Roman Catholic mission also maintains three schools for Europeans, at which 138 children received instruction during 1897\. These mission schools receive no State aid.' What then becomes of the statement that Fijian education was entirely in the hands, of the Wes leyans ? THE ROMANCE OF STATISTICS. As I am speaking of statistics, I may here refer to another statement of Mr. Langham, on which he has repeatedly laid very special stress. The Euro pean Wesleyan clergy, he says, were but a handful compared with the numerous band of Catholic missionaries, and yet they have obtained the grandest results, Now, it is quite true that the European Wesleyan preachers are few, but that Is only part of the truth, for they employ a whole army of natives, several of whom rank as missionaries. The Rev. James Calvert, Wesleyan missionary in Fiji for many years, in a narrative of the work carried on in those islands, published soon after his demise in 1892, gives the number of Wesleyan agents : 'With only nine white mission aries,' he writes, ' we have 3011 native preachers. Sixty- five of these are fully ordained to the work of the ministry.' He adds thit besides these ''there are 3206 devoted claas-leaders, who instruct the catechumens, and 2610 school-teachers.' As suredly such an army of agents, each one of whom has his respective pay, must be suyposed to accom plish a great deal in staying the progress of the Catholic mission. The ' Statesman's Year Book' for 1899 gives the statistical returns at the present day: 'The Wesleyan Mission establishment,' it says, ' comprises 11. European missionaries, 70 native ministersn 63 catechists, 1077 teachers, 2042 local preachers, and 4684 class- leaders.'' In con trast to this huge army the Catholic array of mis sionaries is but scanty indeed. The ' Statesman's Year Book' just referred to gives the following statistics: 'The Roman Catholic mission has 28 European ministers, 180 native teachers, and 24 European Sisters.' TEMPLES QUAINT AND CURIOUS. The Wesleyans also boast of the number of churches and ether religious edifices which they have erected throughout the Fijian islands. Rev. Mr. Calvert states that in 1891 there were ' 1322 chapels and other preaching places.' The ' States man's Year Book' for 1899 gives the number gs ' 972churcres and 339 other preaching places,' in all 1311. It is to be remarked, however, that the quality of the edifice is not always such as a Bpirit of religion would suggest for the House of God. A visitor to the islands in 1897 reports that many of the Wesleyan churches are mere native huts, but so wretchedly constructed that even the natives would not use them for dwelling?. The marketable value of these so-called churches would not be more than sixpence each. The natives of late years have begun to complain that the large amount which they contribute for religion is all spent on the missionaries and their wives and children, and that much of it goes abroad. The contributions of the Wesleyan natives alove to the Mission fund in six years, ending in 1890, amounted to very near £25,000. They may well ask what has been done with all this money ? The Catholic natives on the other hand are asked to contribute . but little, and that little is all spent for the ornament or religion and the benefit of the people. At an as sembly of chiefs, held some time ago, this complaint was thus forcibly expressed : ' How does it happen that we have such poor churches for our religion— we who give so much to our ministers— while the Catholics, who give nothing to their priests, have magnificent churches with turrets and bells.'' On that occasion a Wesleyan Roko, or provincial gover nor from the eastern islands of the Archipelago, took occasion to pronounce his verdict : ' Our religion ia not the true one; it is the religion of money; the true rdigion is the religion of the Catholic mission aries.' THE ' OILY' RELIGION. _ Mueh might be said in proof that nominal Chris tianity is the main result, in so far as religion is concerned, of the Wesleyan missionary toil in Fiji. I will cite, however, only Protestant witnesses that thus there may be no suspicion of religious bias in the statements that are made. Mr. Britton, in his 'Fiji in 1870' (published in Melbourne), gives an interesting account of his visit to those is lands. The conversion of the natives to Chris tianity was, he states, ' a purely political step,' necessitated by their obedience to Thakombau, Some tribes which succeeded iu freeing themselves from his authority resumed their pagan prac tices. Of the Weslsyan and Roman Catholic mis sions, he remarks, ' the Fijians, in their own concise way, distinguish the two faiths by calling the Wesleyan ? no lotu wai-wai,' that is, ' the oily religion,' and the Roman Catholic ' no lotu Popei,' that is. the 'Pope's religion.'' The great bulk of the Wesleyan converts, he states, are nothing more than nominal Christians ; and he adds : ?..'.?-, THE PROGRESS OF WALKING BACK WARDS. ' Under the missionary teachings the Fijians have made very little progress, socially and politically, excepting of course in the abandonment of the worst outward horrors of heathenism, as cannibal ism, &c;, Their way of living in the vast majority of cases is as filthy as it was in the heathen times, and it seems as if in these matters they are almost incapable of improvement- Nor can the mission aries look forward to the future with much hope. They see the Fijians becoming worse instead of better. Drunkenness is fearfully on the increases and though the foul diseases of European vice and overcrowding have not yet appeared in Fiji, yet the natives are rapidly decreasing.' Of one of the native chiefs who was most active in collecting for . the missionary fund, he tells U6 that in point of morality he was ' a very heathen' ; and he relates of the King Thokombau himself, that long after he had become a fervent Wesleyan he suggestively re minded an importunate European creditor that the flesh of the white man was as sweet as the ripe banana. AN APOSTOLATE OF COMMERCE. Dr. Berthold Seeman, who was Commissioner to Fiji in 1860, in his ' Account of a Government Mission to the Fijian Islands,' states that the Wes leyan Missionary Society derived a revenue of ^1200 a year from the sale of cocoanut oil, and that 'Mr. Binner, a Wesleyan training-master, owns large tracts of land, and a great many small islands.' Of the native teachers he writes that ' their conduct has often been in direct contradiction to their pro fession of Christianitj.' The conversions to Wes leyan Christianity were merely nominal. He in stances the people of Buretu who 'embraced Chris tianity, but when at a subsequent date the town rebelled against Bau they became apostates ; nor did the restoration of peace make them relinquish their pagan religion, and they had at the time of our visit one of the finest temples in the whole group.' One of the great chiefs assured him ' there were very few Christians in the group, and he hated hypocrisy.' PROTESTANT WRITERS IN THE WITNESS BOX. The motive of belief assigned by a leading chief, as recorded by Browne in his 'History of the Missions,' harmonizes with this account. The Wesleyan missionary asked the chief did he believe in the Christian truths. He replied : 'True! everything is true that comes from the . white man's country: muskets, and guns, and powder are true, and your religion must be true.' 'Ten months in the Fiji Islands,' by Mrs. Smythe, the wife of another Royal Commissioner to Fiji, tells us (page 173) that the Wesleyan mission aries in Fiji confine their efforts almost entirely to imparting religiouB instruction, making little or no attempt to teach the arts of civilized life.' She adds : ' It is natural, where subscribers to Mission Societies are expectant of highly-coloured reports, and so clamorous for a yearly tale of converts, that the missionaries sheuld rather direct their efforts to collect recruits than to train soldiers. . . It ap pears to us that these converts presume a good deal on their profession of Christianity.' She gives an amusing example of ' the imper fect acquaintance' of the native preachers ?with, their new religion. An American settler at Lakemba, an important missionary station, had shot and carried off a pig belonging to a native. The tribe being Wesleyan conver's deputed their preacher to remonstrate with him. He donned his best official dress, and proceeding to the American's house set forth in a long harangue the enorraitj of the crime. Ihe American listened ?with respectful attention, and thanked the preacher for the forcible exhortation. But, he added, the pig is just now baked, so you will please sit down and invoke a blessing on what God has sent. ' The preacher, swayed by the irresistible love of all ?Pijians for roust, pork, bowed his head and recited a long grace, niter which the two culprits made a hearty meal on the stolen pig. ? Miss Gordon Cunraiug relates her experience at a Wesley an service in Vanua Ba^evu: 'Our ten dency to laugh was only conquered by our disgust, .on seeing a regular verger armed with a long stick, who periodically roee from his knees and walked about administering a resounding blow to any young woman who was not doubled up, at what he chose to consider the orthodox angle of devotion ; while right in front of the pulpit was placed a bench, on which sat a low of the principal men, all dressed in hideous b'ack coats and . trousers, and who never pretended to kneel at all ; but the veTger took care not to see them, and con lined his disciplinarian attentions to the we men.' At hn.Hher mission feast at Vanua Levu she wit nessed the fervent piety of an ex-cannibal convert; he ' crept close to Mr. Langham (the celebrant,', und then, as if he could not refrain, he put out his hand and stroked him down the thigh, licking his lips, and exclaiming with delight : ' O, but you are nice and fat.' ' Mr. Julian Thomas, in ' Cannibals and Convicts' (Lcn-lon, 1S86), explains how it is that so many of the Fijian natives desire to be employed in the Wesleyan ministry: 'The position of a native minisLtr,' he says, ' is one to be coveted by his fellows. It gives in many things as much power as that possessed by the chiefs. The native pastor is always well fed, and has always the prettiest wife. The softest mat, the fattest pork, the biggest yam wa3 his ; and the youngest and prettiest females awaited him to do him honour.' He met one of those native pastors on the river Rewa, sailing in magnificent style in a double canoe, sleeping on a couch, with two native maidens fanning . him. He could not forbear ' smacking him on the back with the advice given by a bullock-driver to a late Governor of Victoria: 'You've got a very good billet, old chap ; you stick to it.' ' He gives the following speci men of the sermon of a native Pijian teacher : ' See what Christianity has done for us ; we have a big ship to come and visit us, and bring us cloth and beads. Mr. Brown has a big house, and is a powerful chief ; all this has been given us ; then how good a thing Christianity is.' An Anglican clergyman, who did duty for a time in Fiji, in his work 'Parts of the Pacific' (London, 1895), already referred to, states that even the high chiefs who were converted had very erroneous ideas of Christian practice or Christian truth. One high chief, he says, explained his belief in the Trinity as tollows: 'He had learned, to believe in one true God, who had two sons, by name the Holy Ghost and Christ.' Another very religious chief ? -was so advanced in civilization that he resolved to have a set of artificial teeth. : He insisted, however, on having 'the old teeth buried with full religious xitual, in cluding a long sermon.' In accordance with Pijian usage at a chief's interment, a lordly banquet iol lowed : ' Pigs galore were dovoured by the num berless sympathizing friends, who had come to pay .-' the last tribute of affection and respect to the lamented teeth. But an unexpected feeling of dis approbation suddenly marred the peace and solemnity of the proceedings, when it came to be known that the partially-interred gentleman had not only killed all his own hogs to supply the liberal board, but had robbed his neigh bours' piggeries, too, far and near' (page 236). The same writer adds that 'woman is still the in ferior animal in Fiji. Natives have not been chris tianized long enough yet for the women to have been raised to the honourable position allotted to : them by Christianity.' Of the native Wesleyans at Levuka he pronounces the favourable judgment : 'I am persuaded that the most fastidious mission ?t ( aries of any sect would consider their salvation secured ; for were they not all clad in European clothing of the latest cut ?' '-????' BLESSING OR CURSE? I will only add that a commission of inquiry in its report last year assigned immorality as one of the main causes of the decrease of population in Piji. Even the native chiefs had at times com plained of this, and at One of their Rokos or assem blies they raised their voices against it. When I referred to this latter fact in the beginning of last year, letters in the public press accused me of calumniating the Wesleyan Mission, and yet I was merely asserting a lact vouched for by Rev. Mr. Langham. himself . The Fiji Times published Mr. Langham's report on the Wesleyan services at Bau in 1S84, in which he refers to 'the expulsion of a large number of church members for immorality, an evil which we deeply regret to say is becoming of more frequent occurrence, . . and is exerting such a baneful influence upon the social and religious life of many around, that it seems to us that we shall not have done our duty until public attention has been directed to this growing evil, and public opinion has been evoked against it. We are thankful that the chiefs them ; selves have spoken etrongly in their recent annual council against the existence and spread of this dis graceful immorality, and that some of our respect able colonists are also expressing their disapproba tion of its toleration.' This extract will be found in the Sydney Mousing Herald, of November 11, 1884. MORE LIKE A PANTOMIME THAN A POEM. To refer to one only of the religious abuses that prevail, I do not know that anything can be moie painful than the- accounts which we read of the de Becration of the BleBsed Eucharist, not only among the Protestant sects in Fiji, but indeed throughout I all the island groups of the Pacific. The Anglican clergy man already referred to (' Parts of the Paci fic,' page 257), describes his visit to the Wesleyan Bishop ut Bau, one of the most important Wesleyan missionary stations of Piji. This so-called Bishop was no other than Rev. Mr. Langham, well known in Sydney. His house wa9 on the summit of a hill overlcoking the bay, ?? At tea (thus runs the narra tive) his reverence gave me cakes made of dalo, sugar-juice, and cocoanuts, which, he told me he uses together with cocoa-milk at the Sacrament, there being neither bread nor wine in the land, except in white men's towns.' The Wesleyan Bishop appears to have had a special rubric. In other parts of Fiji a different usage prevails. Miss Gordon Cumming, in 'At Home in Fiji,' writes: 'The elements used are Fijian bread, generally of arrowroot and cocoanut, and for wine the very weakest claret and water, it being illegal to give a drop of wine or spirits to any native.' This abuse of the Sacramental rite, as I have said, is not confined to Fiji. Rev. Mr. Ellis tells us of the course which he pur sued m his tour through the Pacific Islands : 'We felt no hesitation,' he says, 'in using the roasted or baked bread-fruit, pieces of which were placed in the proper vessel.' He adds that some of his brother clergymen were under the necessity of ' substituting the juice of the cocoanut for that of thfi grape.' In the Tahiti Islands the use of the bread-fruit appears to have been general in the Protestant churches. The native name for the bread-fruit is mayore, and in the Protestant version of the Gospels in the Tahitian language, the sacred text is cor rupted so as to justify their usage. At the last supper (we there read) the Redeemer ?' took mayore into his hands and blessed it, &c.;' In Chain Island, where the bread iruit tree does not grow, the ministers Uht; the fruit of the cocoa instead of bread, and the cocoanut juice instead of wine. In the Island of Rapa the Eucharist is administered with the Taro, a root resembling the turnip or large potato. Mrs. David in her interesting work on 'Funafuti' (London, 1899) tells us of the London Missionary Society manner of administering the Holy Commu nion, at which she was present in that island : ' The pastor in charge stood in front of a rough little table which had some kind of vessels on it, covered with a soiled sheet of once white calico. He ad dressed his flock briefly, then he reverently raised the grimy cover, and revealed a sight which filled me with horror, though one swift glance round the congregation assured me that they saw nothing out of the usual way on the table. The taro, which was to take the place of bread, was placed on two soiled enamelled plates ; the cocoa-nut juice, which took the place of wine, was in a brown crock ery teapot with a broken lid and spout ; and the cups were just the common German beer glasses with their metal tops broken.' In Tonga, water barely coloured with wine is used. It is related, that at the solemn Wesleyan administration of the Eucharist in Nukualofa, at which the new King, George the Second, took part, he on receiving the bread put it in his pocket, and he dealt with the well- watered wine in a far more summary manner. Perhaps, however, we should not be surprised at thesa sacrilegious innovations on the part of the Wesleyana and Independents, for a few years ago the head of the Anglican ehurch at Hongkong advocated the use of tea in the Eucharist instead of wine, and the Anglican Bishop of Nelson, Dr. Hophouse, relates how he himself on one occasion in 1862 substituted plain water instead of wine. Any mission that desecrates the Blessed Eucharist, which is the Sacrament of everlasting life, cannot fail to bring with it a malediction in stead of an abiding blessing. t PATRICK I'1. CARDINAL MORAN. St. Mary's Cathedral, 26th July. [We understand that it is his Eminence'E inten-; tion to prepare a series of papers on the Protestant Missions with special references to Samoa.] 