NIGGER MINSTRtEL IROUPE. FIRST APPEARANCE. A WIUPER house was present at the Mechanics' on Wednesday evening last to witness a nigger minstrel entertain ment provided solely by local talent. The first ' portioh. of the programme consisted of the usual:circle formed by all the members of, the troupe attired in cricketing costumne, while the inter locutor, Mr J. A. Thompson appeared in evening dress, and the corner-men, Messrs Swan and Rose (tambos), Bunn and Griftliths (bones),. in varied uniforms. punctually at eight o'clock the overture, styled " Mixtures " was rendered by the company, concluding with the four -corner .men playing a game of'cricket. "Mr C. Farmer was warmly applauded for his song "Kitty Clyde." and ' My Grandfather's Hen " expounded by MrL Swan created roars of laughter. Mr A. V. Hannah did justice to the ballad, "' My Bonnie" iand gained a decisive hit. At this stage, .the corner men entered into a controversary with the interlocutor by asking him a number of conundrums. " Norine Maurine": was sweetly rendered by Mr Fred Reed, and in response to a'_well-merited encore sang the last 'verse. Mr Percy Rose was ,very~,fetching. with his comic song, ?Flynp'4 '.eddig 'ifYor which he-was made. th.e recipient'.of a. handsome bouquet- a cauliflower with ribbons attached. The popular ballad,' Good old Jeff".was given with good effect by Mr H. Ive, and " The Orphan's Prayer" by Mr Norman Birrell," the best hit of the evening. The first part of the programme was concluded by Mr W. Bunn singing " Sambo's Ap parition,"- which..: continued till a ghost entered upon the scene and" one by one the company made their exit. Messrs Farmier, Harvey, •Murray, Heodges, Reed, Birrell. Sturgess, Patchett, Davies,-A. V. Hannah, H. Ive, Teinres anhd C0 Barnes rendered t/wo part sangs-" The Old Brigade" and" "The Knight's Farewell. The first number was not quite ;up to. ex 'pectations through the fault of the baass voices, but the latter song showed a marked improvement. A discourse on the burning question of" Absquat ulatioi." Was left in the hands of Mr Walter Bunn, who introduced all our local"-councillors ind' a humorous manier, but unfortunately like many amateurs, whoundertakesetumpspeeches, 'Mr.BBusnnwas inclined to be rather personal with two of our reputable citizens.: " Im not so young as I used to be" was ably interpreted by Mr Samh Fowler in character, and"Mr Fred Davies sang -" Orer Pro- Nobis."' A side splitting sketchentitled 'Mesmeric Influence,'' was portrayed by Messrs Knight, Webbe, Swan, Griffiths and Rose. Dr. H. W. Bryant, did not' appear tb 'be at home with that popular song '! Think not" taken from Ma Mie Rosette. His voice' shbwed signs of huskiness. l Mr 1 Patchett sang an eccentric song called " She was." The performance terminated with the screaming absurdity, ".'The Theatrical Agent." The stage management was satisfaictorily carried out by Mr Swan and Mr K'iight conducted the musical pbrtion of the programme. Great credit is also due to Mr A. V. Hannah, who acted as letretary; for the-success ful isued of the entertainment, 