CONNUBIAL BLISS. MOTH lifts OK ENGLAND. Better than collide honour*, Better than platform applause, la to be the mother <if gallant mon Guarding (ireat Britain's shores. Better than Woman's Suffrage, Better than visible might, Is a motlicr'H hand on the nun's lift helm, Steering liis course aright. Belter than pulseless monument. Better than public uccluim. Is to live again in « noble son, True author of his fame. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Best bulwarks of Britain's shore, Guarding our country's greatness, With vour motherhood strong and pure. Arming our English manhood With the breastplate of your love, With the sword of national righteousness, The helmet of prayers heard above. Mothers, dear mothers of England, The angels might env.v your might. The might of n woman's weakness When blent with the courage of right. Aft ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DAV. When John Keinble, the fireat tragedian, was married, lie went to the theatre in the. evening, and acted as usual, and it was re marked, with as much self- possession and tranquility as before. This was a great proof ot the wonderful command that Johu Kemble had over alUlies,,rings of passion, quelling or pouring.theni forth at will; but the real fact poa that lie had forgotten all about the marriage, for after the play was over, instead of going home to his new better-half,and the friends who were waiting to take a parting glass, and wiBh him ever so much happiness, ho went to his bachelor's lw:nc; end the friends were astonished when ten o clock came, mid lie was to be at home. Hint, no John arrived, neither at olnven or at twelve Off to the theatre three of them sallied. " ^r* Kemble left at half-past nine," " Where did he go to, sir ?" " He was driven to the Temple." Perhaps he had gone to take a gareon's farewell, and was lingering yet fondly over the remains of the bachelorhood. Arrived at the door of the chambers, the boll was pulled once, twice, thrice, with no result and tlicy were on the point of going away when the window-opened, and the^reat John nsked, as he might of the ghost of papu Hamlet. " Who is there ?" " Why, Kemble, what are yo(i doing there ? Wo have been expecting you these three houre, and your wife, Mrs. Kemble, is distracted." " My wire ?" replied John, "What T Yes, I remember. I had forgotten it." And the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quite forgetting the rooming's engagement to enact the part of husband for life, he had gone home to bed, tallowed his nose, and was quietly tuchod 111 for the night. What Mrs. S. K. said when he was brought home deponent said not. Mrs. Gadd—1 saw y'r husband on th' street yesterday. Ho looked very solcnin, 1 thought. Has he got religion ? Sirs. Culib- No o; it's only dyspepsia. A henpecked huBband said in extenuation of liis wife's raids upon his ecalp, " You see she lakes her own hair off so easily, she doesn't know how it hurta to liave mine pulled out." ♦ ♦ A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, said: " When Adam uwoke from his first sleep ho discovered Eve. I may here be apropos to remark, that he was «on the evo of u great discovery.' But it turned out that Adam's first sleep was bis last repose." When Brjgham Young receivel the boxes containing the important silk dresses and cashmere shawls for his thirty wives, he said to a friend: " Ah, if you knew Ui«. cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo ment that I practised polygamy as an earthly pleasure. No, air! it is with me a sterv duty." Henry," cried Mra/Von Toodles, grasp ing hor somnolent husband by the arm, " Henry, there are bwglars in the. house. Get up &d4; go down." * " Utter nonsense, my dear," returned Henry. "You wouldn't have a man of my social position associating with burglary would you ? You astonish me." In King George It's time Lord 15 married three wives, who were all his" ser vants; a beggar woman meeting lijm one ' day in the street, made him a very low curt sey. "Ah, God Almighty bless you," said she, "and send you a long life; if you-do but live long enough I may be lady E ." ++ Domestic Troubles.—"A nice husband you are!" said Madame in a paision. V You care less about me titan about those pet animals of yours. Look what you did when your poodle, Am>r, died." Husband (quietly): Well,I had him stuffed. Wife (exasperated): You wouldn't have gone to that expense for me—not yog, in. deed." A nobleinan went to a pawnbroker to , borrow a thousand pounds upon his wife's jewels, and said, " I want yon to take the' stones out of the settings and put false bnes in their stead, ns I do not want my wife to know that I have pawned them." 1 " You arc too late," said the pawnbrokers " for I purchased tho real stones p'f my lady a year ago." +4' "Tho whisper of a beautiful woman," says lialzac, "can lie heard further than the loudest call of duty." But tho man who is creeping up stain, with liia boots off, at two o'clock a m., and hears the whisper of his wife as he leans over tlie baniBtors, in the darkness, doesn't think of her beauty. His chief thoyght t* how inuch he wonld like to exchange his boots for a pair of wings. / . +♦ Infantine Innocence.—Utile ,Ada and hef mamma ore in the brougham, with justabopt one second tu spire in order to catch the tiain at the station. LisMte, the lady's maid, iB closing tho carriage door. Adp in; sists upon getting out again; she has nnj kisBcd her papa. «lio is forcibly detainrit and QBBurrd there is not time. ( " Very well, then, Lmette, you go to paps; give him one of yoursweetcst kisses, and tell him I hadn't time to come myself," A child, whilo wulking through an art gal lery with her mother, wan attracted by a statue of Mincivu. "Who is that?"said she.' " My child, that is Minerva,tho goddess nl wisdom." " Why, didn't they make her husband, too?" " Because she had none, my child." " That was because nbc was wise, wasn't it, taatama? " was the artless reply. 