Burglar Traps My friend Chas. Maginnis M'Gee, gentleman, residing an a swagger southern suburb, having retired from business, and being a man of active mind and body and knowing no better way of employing his leisure, determined to devote his time, attention and natural mechanical abilities to the discovery of some means of stopping burglary for ever. M'Gee took out patents for various mechanical contrivances of diabolical ingenuity, designed to seize midnight intruders in their iron claws, and either convert them into hash incontinently, or hold them until the arrival of the police, One of these infernal machines manifested its efficacy by grabbing the inventor him- as he was returning late from the lodge and it held him down with one hook through the ear and another in the calf of his leg, and a third pitched under his fifth rib. M'Gee remained in the painful position for several hours before an engineer who had been called in could persuade the energetic engine to let go its This made my friend tired of traps, and he turned his attention to spiritualism and theo- sophy with the view to raising a species of house hold spooks and family ghosts that could be relied upon to protect the hearth and home and portable property of their possessors. "Why,' said M'Gee excitedly," "why should a family ghost ways be unfriendly? Why not a real king of ghost that would haunt the house in a friendly spirit, and scare away thieves, bores, tax-collectors, gas-men, and such undesirable "Why not," I answered. "i'm going to do it," cried the inventor; " I'm breeding friendly ghosts for the local and Home markets, ghosts that will be splendid caretakers and night-watchmen." "There should be a big demand for them." Demand ! I should think so, my boy ! Why, every business man in the city will want one. They'll render burglary a lost' art, and do away with the possibility of fire, and they'll ask nothing a week and keep themselves." Mack studied spiritualism assiduously, and tried the tricks and schemes recommended by mediums and professors of the black art to raise a friendly spook that might be ordered about, and would undertake the responsibilities of a home guardian, but he failed, and in this extremity there suddenly flashed upon him the idea of his Patent Automatic Anti-Burglary Goblin, stemwound, nickel-plated and absolutely rust proof. Like most brilliant discoveries, the Automatic Goblin was simplicity itself. It was not possible to call up and materialise a real spook and make it useful; then why not design one that could be worked by electricity, and made to patrol the house, clanking chains and uttering blood-curdling groans by simply touching a button ? " The missus wakes you up at midnight," said M'Gee, enthusiastically explaining the idea, " insists there are burglars in the house, wants you to go down in your pyjamas armed with a paper knife. You don't care about it, of course ; well, with my Automatic Goblin on the job, you simply lean over, touch a button on the wall, and the Goblin does the rest." Mack set to work on his domestic electric spectre, but it soon dawned upon him that a perfect Automatic Goblin would be too expensive for general use, and in the end he contented himself with devising a perfect disguise that would convert the wearer into the most fearful kind of a banshee. The disguise was perfect in its way, and could be donned and doffed rapidly, and the person wearing it became more hideous than the bloodsmeaied shrieking spectre that haunts the old manor house in familiar juvenile literature. M'Gee kept his scheme quite secret until it was perfected, and then experimented on his wife and friends. Garbed in luminous white diaphanous cerements, stained as if with blood, wearing a hideous mask like a death's head, from the cavernous jaws of which rolled marrow-chilling groans, whilst the gruesome eye sockets shot forth strange faint lights, like those weird phosphorescent motes that float over damp grave yards, M'Gee intruded suddenly upon a small select party sitting in his own drawing-room, having ordered the servant to turn down the gas at the crucial moment. The result, exceeded the inventor's fondest expectations. Two male visitors sprang through the windows, carrying the curtains with thyem : all the ladies promptly fell into various vigorous lits, and a fat old gent dislocated his collarbone crawling under the couch. Mrs. M'Gee was in hysterics for six hours, and a young man who fled up the chimney stuck there, and could not be recovered till a lot of the brickwork had been knocked out. Mack was delighted at these proofs of the efficacy of his idea. It was now quite evident that no householder fitted with M'Gee's disguise need dread to face the most desperate cracksman ; but the inventor in his enthusiasm desired to experiment with a real burglar. He burned with anxiety to be visited by a midnight thief, ami took all sorts of measures to induce lawless men to break in and steal. At length his desire was gratified. On a recent calm, still night he was awakened by strange noises, and heard footsteps downstairs. Donning his ghostly disguise, and switching on a faint blue glow, Mack crept softly below. There was a burglar on the job. For a few minutes M'Gee watched the intruder collecting the family silverware, and stowing it in a suck, and then he turned on all his most terrible lights and effects, and the phonograph breathed terrible groans like the moaning of lost souls seething in the Pit. The burglar turned, and his eyes rested for a moment on the terrible spectre that loomed out of the darkness and menaced him with skeleton hands ; his knees caved and turned in, his tongue lolled and his hair fairly bristled. For ten long horrifying seconds the thief gazed at the fearful apparition, and then uttering a yell that might have been heard a mile off, he turned, sprang on a table and literally dived through the big bowwindow. There was the crash of glass, the thud of a falling body, and the burglar was gone, leaving behind him five guineas' worth of damages as a set-off against one jemmy, one dark lantern and an old potato-bag. M'Gee was not satisfied ; his goblin must be terrible enough to paralyse the midnight thief with horror, and render his capture easy. He increased the fearfulness of his appearance, and lay in wait, again. Chas. Maginnis M'Gee had not long to wait this time. Three nights later he heard the same unmistakable sounds below, and once again he slipped on his apparatus and stole down stairs. This burglar, like the other, was calmly loading up with the M'Gee's heirlooms and movable treasures. Like the other, the sight of the spectre when its unearthly glow was turned on seemed to lill him with agonies of horror. He stood as if rooted to the spot, and shook so much that the end of his jemmy beat a quickstep on the floor. M'Gee advanced towards the burglar with an impressive melodramatic gait. He came close to the thief, reached out his bony claws, and and then something fell. When the householder recovered consciousness his wife was nursing his head, which felt as large as a prize marrow, and there were two doctors and three policemen in the room. The burglar was gone, and so was the swag, and wreckage of the hand-made goblin strewed the place. " Here, dear, the burglar left a note for you," said Mrs. M'Gee severely. M'Gee took the note and read : — '' Yon can't play that bloomin' spook business off on Shanghai Steve twice runnin', old boss ! Yours trooly, S.S." Mr. M'Gee is having his home rendered burglar proof with iron bars, and now devotes his spare time to the manufacture of cheap poetry, he says this latter is not an exciting occupation, but it. is comparatively safe. He was a South Sea trader, and having made much money on one of the islands, after many years returned to Sydney for a spell of civilisation. Asked after a month to define the difference in life on the islands and that in Sydney, he said : " Well, there is not a great deal of difference. Here man and wife are one ; there they are about fourteen as a rule. But what surprises me most is the fact that here a man has one wife, and she manages him; there a man has ten or a dozen, and he manages them.'' 