CHAPTEE XVII. < iUuy generations ateo,' Guthrie began, ?an anoestor of mine, a wealthy Magyar {tom the Carpathians:, fell in lore with a Bomany girl, the grandchild of the queen of a powerful tribe of Tsiganiea whose head quarters were in that part of Hungary, i'raduion describes the yoong woman as rarely beautiful, with wonder-bright eyes, and the soft-flowing speech of her people. The Magyar loved well, and the girl met hie passion at flood ; but the old woman waa aQ verse. There was among the 'Komany ehals' a suitor whom ehe favored, and she sought by fair means and foul to bring the maioh a boat. Tradition is ha ty as to wbethei the gypsy lover was preferred : because of tribal prejudices, or whether there was some epeouu to my anoestor. Oert∈ it is that the old woman raged, and thwarted the lovers in every way possible. Bhe appears to have bean a remarkable atestare-a wise woman, deeply learned in ooonltism and many aorU of seoret know ledge. She was versed in tte Blaok Ait, a follower of Simon ¿lagos and a practiser of magio, so that, Apart from her tribal position, ehe poaeued ut influence with theTiiganies well-nigh boundless. ' luve, However, bass magie of its own, lull of potency and might, so onebleeM dark night the gypsy maldon and tb° Magyar disappeared together. ''Tis said that the witoh-mother cursed her descendant, then and there, with a oona unique and terrible, (acing to the east, whence oomes magio, and spreading har arm«, so that the very windi might beac her malediction to its object. Ajad the carse was that because the young wife had for saken moe and kindred for love of the Magyar, her heart should know no other love, either of ohildren, or kindred, or nation, or friends, bat under the weight of one dominanoe should petrify «lowly, com pressing and hardening like stone. 'Through the old wonder.witch's in fluence, the carne waa passed from trihi to tribe of the Tatganies until it penetrated to the bride's hiding-place and wrought on her imagination to «uah a degree that she sickened. The Magyar did everything in bia power to weaken or remove the impress ion, even to attempting to araauinate the o&use; of the trouble, but without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of the girl and was not to be dislodged. So insistent became her dread that, after the birth of her child, a boy with a Romany face and Magyar nature, for whom she cared nothing, the pair returned to Hun gary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witoh and obtain a remission' They had just ay well have attempted to remove the Carpathians with a glass lever. The author of their woe rrjoioed iu her power, and took fresh hold. She wrote ont the ourse in a scroll, and would study it, plaoing herself frequently in the young wife's path and pointing downward at it with her finger. ' To make a long etory short, au excited imagination got its fell work of superin ducing disease, end the gypsy wife presently died for fear of dying. In that day the belief in magio held sway, and credulity and superstition were leash hounds tn be loosed at a necromancer's will. Tho girl was buried according to Magyar usages, but it is claimed that tha Romany ohals, at the instigation of thu old wonder-witoh, spirited away her body, and that its ultimate resting plaoe was known only to the gypsies. Her heart was removed and chemically treated so that petrification really took plaoe. ' Whether or not the old woman finally repentod of the indirect murder, and sought to bring good out of avii, tradition does not state ; but it appears that on his attaining puberty she presented tho dead woman's son (and her own great- graudson) with a curious ring of hand-hammered gold, tet with a sttange looking signet, the substance of which no lapidist has ever been able to determine, or could without resolving it to its origiual elements. The stone is heart shaped, dulled red in hue, and delicately veined with a darker oolor. it ia said to be a bit oi the petrified heart. Upon it is engraved a perfect representation of tbe wonder-witoh herself, with her fingers or the scroll. The outting is said hy experts to be unusually strong and fine. . Tho magic property claimed for this ring is that it insures constancy in women. Kc woman, aooepting it from a man, oan faltei or turn from allegiance to him. The ring passes from mother to son, a mode ol progress a trifle unusual- It has on it t Romany inscription, a free translation ol which is, ' What I love, I à mit o ? what 1 desire, I graup : what I grasp, I hold-' ' The Magyar's son, being half Romany, fonnd out all this from his mother's people and transmitted it. He married a German, and his son an Englishwoman, and so to th< ' final American mixture. The ring, with iti history, was given me by my mother.' ' And a very abominable history it ii, commented Miss Vendan. ' Fancy bein j betrothed with an obnoxious bit o bewitohed flesh instead of a moe, wholeeomi diamond ! It mak^s one feel crawly am bedevilled only to think of it. And eighteei years ago you foisted this nnoanny thin; upon poor, unsuspicious Ruth Donovan ! Yon ought to be ashamed of yourself, Dr Guthrie ! To trlok your own accomplice after tricking your enemies ! It was a mos shameless and outrageous performance Suppose you'd gotten yourself killed, an that dear woman had bean compelled to gi through life spell-beund to eternal fidelit; to a ghost ! What sort of deaouemeu would that have been F' Guthrie parried her attack gayly, de daring that to the ghost snob a resul ; would have been eminently satisfactory H>> even audaciously maintained that-, I the wander-witch bad in truth guarded th position for him, she was an encostre! worthy of honor, as well as the ables strategist of her oycle. Whereupon Mis Vaudan entered ibe oounter-declaration the Guthrie himself would be treasure-trove t the heredity people, as demonstrating in hi own person how snob traits as maleveleno and disregard will persist throng unnumbered generations. They talked a great deal of nonsensi those two, and with it all Guthrie's spiri improved to tue point of considering h case rather bopEinl, and of feeling tba somehow, t n hold upon Ruth was renewe< As for JÍÍSÍ VandaD, her brain actuall teemed with plans and suggestions. V< the first time in her career she was visib! enfolded with an atmosphere ot unca oulating ¡omince. Her soul joyed withi her, and tvery fibre of her being wat set < the evolu ion of a suitable dénouement. F. tho next day or so she and Guthrie we inseparable, and that their communion w satisfactory was evidenced by the beatitu of their countenance. When Hogh Donovan reappeared, tl young lady promptly took him in' oocfidenoe, a proceeding to which Guthi might have objected had he not caught glimpse of the arcana of another situation. 