NEWS OF THE WEEK. COUNTRY. Mr. John M'Donald, an old resident of Coraki district died on Saturday. Alderman D. H. Barker, of Campbelltown, died in Prince Alfred Hospital on July 27. A brown eagle, measuring 10ft 6in when spread out, was shot at Burrengary on July 20. Mr. Geo. Kennard, an old resident of Welling- ton, died on Saturday, aged 75 years. The Gurley bore at Narrabri is down 1100ft, and a good supply of water has been struck. An old resident of Albury named J. O'Neill Richie, died whilst in a fit on Saturday. Mr. Phillip Barnes, a well-known and respected resident of Wyalong, died on July 28, aged 71. During the week 5307 hares were sent from Cooma to Sydney for export, making 45,338 for the season. The floods on the Richmond are responsible for a great falling off of the milk supply to the fac- tories. There is a likelihood of the Kiandra "ski" car- nival being abandoned, owing to the heavy rain on Monday. The Richmond Borough Council is in the happy position of not a penny of rates being owing for the current municipal year. Sparrows have attacked the young wheat crops in the Quirindi district, and eaten down the shoots as they appear above ground. Mrs. Munro, mother of the postmaster at Moree, had a narrow escape of being burned to death in a fire at East Moree on Saturday. Sergeant Wirrell, who has been a member of the police force at West Maitland for 20 years is to be removed to Singleton. The Government will send an officer to Casino to take the levels of the streets, and advise the best means of draining that town. A "hatchery" for English trout is to be es- tablished on Snowy River, £1000 having been placed on the estimates for the purpose. Mr. Rae, an enterprising Wagga photo- grapher, ascended Mount Kosciusco recently carrying a camera, plates, and the mails. Our Junee correspondent writes: A most hope ful tone now prevails in business circles, prospects .- being brighter than for the past five years. . . Bicycles are being, greatly used by shearers IE the Bourke district. Out of thirty-two men \- employed at one shed, twenty- nine ride bicycles. The ' lock on the Darling at Bourke has been ? altered and formed into a dock. The steamer \- {Lady of the Lake was the first vessel to be docked. . Two boys, named Edward and Patrick M'Cor mack, aged. 10 and 6 years respectively, were burned to death at Lakelands, Dapto, on July 28. . ¡ A . young man named Fred. Walton was fined ¿Í '£3 and costs at Murrumburrah on July 28 for wil : fully liberating rabbits on Cunningham Plains Station. » Five hundred people attended the Junee Park ; jAxbor Day on July 27, when about 300 trees were s- i« an ted. The cost was def rayed, by private sub .,- scription. i-. >'. While sitting on a log at-Blayney on July 27 a ... boy named Boon met with a painful accident. A gun he was carrying exploded, and shattered the . too of his right foot. . ' " A telephone exchange (day and night service) is to bo established in Tamworth. More than tho necessary number of subscribers have signi -~ fied their willingness to contribute towards the cost of maintenance. . . fOur Temora correspondent wires: Owing to the ; indiscriminate laying of baits in the Duck Creek ' 'district ; the Farmers' Union of that place has of . fered a reward of £10 for the discovery of the guilty person or persons. ' - A youth named Aylmer Brown, son of Mr. F. M. Brown, an old. resident of Lyndhurst, died on ; July- 27 in Carcoar Hospital," of which he was an . inmate twice within a short period-first with a broken .arm, .and subsequently suffering ' from , pneumonia. . . " ? ' Falling that attention at the hands,of the autho j ritiesithat would make the road leading from the : ^ Riverstone .Railway ' Station to the Oddfellows' -Halb-fit for traffic, the, self-reliant residents pro pose'-'to form a working^ bee to do the work them selves. ... . . !..".?..: ... ? : The Bombala School of Arts has a debt of . "JEIOOO,-. oiL-Avhich it pays £52 10s per annum as in terest". ""East year the income exceeded the ex penditure by ,£25. ^ ? " There was a considerable \- failing: off in subscriptions and receipts from the club roomr; . Tho Tweed is at present in a very bad state, and the small river launches get aground on Condong flatß very frequently. "This causes inconvenience \- ?to :the'travelling public, and it is urged thát the 'Government, should take steps to forward a .- dredge to remove the obstructions. " ~ . i -i- A movement, is on. foot at Armidale to endeavoi -. to obtain the construction of a railway to. the coast ?... from -Guyra.1 It is stated -that- the reports made jby surveyoi's are favorable to the proposed line, ^. 'and it would .be the means of- throwing'open a "large'area of good land for settlement. - , ,; 7" A lad named C. Ross, of Upper Temora, met .with a gun accident while shooting in the scrub , .with another lad near the Two. Mile Dam, Coota . >mundru-road. Four grains of shot struck Ross. ,Three entered the muscle of the right arm, and , : one entered the right hip. Dr. Bennetts .extract ed two of the pellets, the other two being so j!- 'deeply embedded that it was not considered ad visable i attempt to. extract them. Our Oberon correspondent wlree: A public meet . " ïng was held in the Federal Hall on July 28, for the purpose of considering the advisabil ... ity, of. forming a progress committee, to look af : 'vter the .interests of the town and district. The /..>-? chair was taken by Mr. A.. Stevenson, J.P., and jj there.was a gathering of about 30 residents. It was "fi ? decided to form a progress committee, and 25 gen ,V tlemen were elected by ballot to act upon it. The polling for the extraordinary vacancies in "."the'-Temora Borough Council -resulted, on July 24 as follows: _ Hy. Nicholson, 35 votes; Wm. r-jGeo. Goodwin Lucas, 2; John Joseph Donnelly, 37; K 'AV drew John Long, 0.' .The two elected are old 'aldermen; The polling for the remaining vd-! .'" cancies resulted as follows: ' Edward Patrick I J-";-7.*alsh,-.-.33 votes; 'Wm; Geo. Lucas, 0; Francis :?_: Hlcken,-31; Abraham Collis, 2. : The poll will pe, declared to-day. Alderman Tewksbury was " returned unopposed. i' Our Yass correspondent wires: At the annual meeting of the local Volunteer Company's Rifle and Social Clubs, the report showed a hoalthj financial condition of both clubs, and the officers were elected for the ensuing year, as follows: - Rifle Club: Patron,, Mr. W. Affleck, M.L.A.; pre. sident. Lieutenant Howard; secretary, Staff Sergeant Anderson; treasurer, Sergeant Pearce The same officers were elected for the social club with the substitution of Private Sunderland ai secretary. . ¡ Our Maitland correspondent writes: On Saturday, I about 10 p.m.. Thomas Brooder, accompanied bj a young lady, was driving a sulky to Campbells Hill, when a horseman, who was riding at i rapid pace, dashed into the vehicle, overturning it, and throwing the occupants heavily to thc roadway. Brooder escaped without injury, bul the lady was rendered unconscious, and wae bruised and shaken. She was attended to bj the hospital nurses, and soon regained conscious ness, but is still suffering. The horseman did not stay to make inquiries, but made off in the darkness. Our correspondent writes: On Saturday morning a meeting was called by Mr. H. N. Southwell, headmaster of the Young school, and late secretary of the Public Schools' Athletic Association, for the purpose of forming a branch of that body in the inspectoral school district of Young. Mr. Friend, inspector of schools, presided*. There was an at tendance, bf about thirty, whilst letters were re ceived from others sympathising with the move ment, and promising cp- opëration. Rules were drawn up,, and'officers'and committee elected; Mr. Friend being chosen president, and the present headmasters of Young, Cowra, Grenfell, Temora, and Cootamundra schools vice-presidents. It was decided to hold the first sports in October. The programme was drawn up on Saturday after noon. '. Our West Maitland correspondent writes: The people of Miller's Forest, Raymond Terrace, and district are gratified at the result of the recent visit of the Minister for Works, who, with Mr. Price, M.D\A., was taken over the course of the proposed railway line from Tarro to Miller's Forest. , Afterwards Mr. Lee gave it as his opinion that there would be no difficulty in ob taining the line asked for, and that a survey ol the country would probably be shortly made as a preliminary step. If constructed, the line would open up a large area of splendid agricul tural and grazing land, where the dairying indus try is al3o of late progressing with wonderful ra pidity. Mr. Lee also promised departmental at tention to several requirements brought under his attention. ' The annual general meeting of. the Tamworth District Public Schools' Amateur Athletic Associ ation has been held. The report and balance sheet showed the affairs of the association to be in a most flourishing condition. The officers elect ed for the ensuing twelve months were: Patron, Mr. J. D. Bradley, district inspector of schools, Armidale; president, Mr. L. Blumer, inspector of schools, Tamworth; vice-presidents, "Messrs. W. J. Smith, A. C. M'Leod, and J% Dunlop; hon. trea surers-Mr. J. T. YouHr hon. secretaries, Messrs. F. Halbert and A. Fraser; auditors, Messrs. C. W. Coombe/and E. Campbell; committee, Mrs. Cox, Miss Coles,' Messrs." Coombe, Campbell, Suther land,^Sampson, -andMoore.. The next annual sports meeting (the sixth) '.wàs arranged tb be held on Wednesday; September 27, on the Tam worth Oval. Our correspondent writes: The Mayor and Alder- man Bailey will represent the Singleton Council on the deputation which will, on August 10, ask the Minister for Works to make a trial survey of the route for the proposed Singleton- Parramatta railway line. This route was surveyed some years ago as a rival scheme to the Sydney-New- castle line, but the plans, etc., were destroyed in the Garden Palace fire with other papers and documents. The local people interested in the Jerry's Plains-Singleton line have decided to wait on the Minister on the same day to urge the claims of this work, and ask that the line be built as far as Merriwa and Cassilis. This is a rival route to the Muswellbrook-Cassilis line, and it is contended it could not only be more cheaply constructed, but would serve a far larger area of agricultural country than the line which would join the northern trunk at Muswellbrook. Our Campbelltown correspondent writes: A very old resident of Campbelltown, Mrs. Mary Haydon, who died recently, was a prominent figure in the history of this district. She was 83 years of age, being born in 1816, four years before the place was marked out as a township. The deceased lady's parents were also natives of Campbelltown. She had resided here the whole of her life, and had a family of fourteen. There were also seventy grandchild- ren and forty great grandchildren. The late Mrs. Haydon was well acquainted with all the historic events of the place, and personally knew many of those who figured in the renowned ''Fisher's Ghost" case. She was present at the time Fisher's body was recovered from the creek, and saw his remains. The creek in question is situated in a portion of the Bradbury Park Es- tate, where the Agricultural Society's first show was recently held. 