DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) It is with feelings of deep regret I have to announoe the death of Mr. Dav' 1 Fitzpatrick, J.P., which melanoholy event took place after a very short ill- ness at his residence, Stawell-street, Ballarat East, on Monday, 6th inst. Xhe immediate cause of death was pneumonia supervening on inliuenztt. The deceased gentleman, who wasoneof our old pioneers now rapidly passing atfay, was a native of Watertord, and acoompanied by his brother, the late Mr Patrick intzpatrick, mining surveyor, arrived m Victoria in the early fifties. Hie came to Ballarat about the year 186ti, wnere he lived ever since, with the excepuon oi a tew years at Dayleeford. He took a great interest in mining in tne early days, and up to tne tame of his ueath earned on the business of a shareoroker, and was vice-president of the mining Exchange,'T a position he held for several years. Mr. Fitzpatrick always took a deep and lively interest in tne progress of the Church in Ballarat, and was a member of the building committees ot St. Patrick's and St. Aioysius' Churches while they were being erected; and was always to the front m the promotion or any work connected with the Catholic body. The deceased was a past president and a member of the Orphan Asylum committee, an institution in winch he took an active interest. Mr. fitzpatrick was one of tne oldest territorial magistrates in tiie colony, and hau attained to the age of 7U years; and by his genial disposition gained the esteem and respect oi everyone with whom he came in contact. His remains were brought to the cathedral on Wednesday morning, and placed on a catalaique in Ironc ot the liigU Altar. Solemn tiflice and Requiem Jtugh. Mass was celebrated at 10 o'clock. Xhe Jttishop presided at the oihee, the chanters being the Rev. i'r. Waleh and Rev. Fr. McCarthy. xhe Kev. Fr. Devane was celebrant at the mass, the He v. ±<r. Guilfoyle being deacon; Kev. Fr. iMCarthy, sub-deacon; and Rev. Dr. M'Manamny, master 9f ceremonies. After Mass his Lordship pronounced the Absolution at the Oatataiijue. The funeral cortege, preceded by the Bishop's carriage, moved from the Cathedral to the old cemetery at 4 o'clock, a large number, including persons of every other denomination, join, ing in the proceission. The Rev. Fr. Guilfoyle oihciated at the grave. Requiescat in puce. The Annual General Communion of the members ot the Catholic Young Men's Society and the Hibernian Society took place at the Cathedral on last Sunday morning at the half-past 9 o'clock Mass. i^arge numbers from each of these societies approached the altar. Mass was celebrated toy Rev, Dr. M'Manamny. The Bishop preached, and, atter making a teeiing reference to the death of the late Mr. David jfitzpatrick, who wati at one time president ot the Catholic loung Men's Society, delivered an eloquent sermon, in the course of which he complimented these societies on the large attendance of members,• and as their caiel pastor said their presence gave lnrn grpafc pleasure. He also fcpoke with reference to the aims and objects of the societies, and expressed his gratification at their progress and good work. The retreat for the senior priests oi the diocese at the Redemptorist Monastery, Wendouree, commenced on last Monday evening. It will be conducted by the Rev. Fr. Cleary, C.SS.R., and will ciofce on next Friday morning. On that day, at 10 o'clock, the Mass of the Holy Ghost will be celebrated at the Cathedral, after which the annual synod of the priests of the diocese will be held. Ills Lordship the Bishop will preside. The friends of Catholic education will be glad to learn of the success achieved v, one young lauids of .uoretto Aooey Mary's Mount, at the practical examinations held in connection with the .Lionel on College of Music on the'24th and -•jiii October. It may be remarked liint the pieces marked for the diploma examination required much musical knowledge, coupled with brilliant execution, while at the same time a very exhaustive knowledge of harmony and form was necessary. Twenty-eight pu-. pils were successful as follows:—Diploma of Scientate: Miss Tulloh. Diploma of Associate: Miss B. Thynne (16 years of age). Senior Grade (pianoforte): Misses B. Wilson, Hanslow, Brock, J. Reen, N. Been, A. Umphelby. Interne, diate (pianoforte)': Misses D. Coghlan, M. Fleming, Brent, B. Baker, N. Baker, G. Kyle, D. Baker, C. O'DoxmeU, M. O'Donnell, V. Woodward, N. Swanson, C. Tully. Vocal Music: Misses Carter, Advancc to the Front.—Coffey Bros'. Advance Carriage Factory, S. Richmond, and 185, 187, 189 Queen-street, City (Telephone 1005). Doing leading business/. ^ First prizes whenever exhibited. Finest assortment both new and secondhand vehicles; best value offered. Country buyers visit or correspond. Brock, B. Munday, Hanslow, V. Woodward, A. Umphelby. Junior Grade (pianoforte): Miss E. Jacob. Viohn: Miss P. Toohey. 