Personal. I must have libert: Withal, as lai irge ?e acharter as the iberty wind. To h'ow on whom I please." —AS YOU LIRK II. King O'Mallev has been rejected by the electors of Encounter Bay. Adelaide Parliament will no longer have its ears tickled by the Disraeli-like phrases of the verbose Yankee. It will be remembered that O'-M alley threatened that if rejected by Encounter Bay this time he would abandon them for ever and enter the House of Commons. * * * Martin Walsh, "the discoverer of water in Coolgardie," is now at the Westralia Mt. Morgan, the superior attractions of the North having induced the MoB⁣ •one to desert Coolgardie. * * * The Rev. Parker, of " God Damn the Sultan " fame, was very nearly being sent to Perth some time ago as Congregational minister. # # # Cardinal Newman has lately suffered a peculiar indignity. Under the heading " Lead" in a new reference catalogue is the following: " Lead, Copper," " Lead, Metallurgy," and then "Lead, Kindly Light" (Newmm). * # # A well-known stockbroker spent his holidays in the Isle of Wight, near Osborne. His two children, a boy of five and a girl of seven, were most anxious to see the Queen, and were told by their father that if they waited at a certain place they would see her pass on her daily drive. Patiently, day after day, these loyal little Britons waited; carriages passed, but no Queen. One day, however, the Queen walked by, and seeing the children still in the place in which she had noticed them for several days when driving, stopped and spoke to them. "Why are you waiting here, my dears ?" wus the query. *' We want to see the Queen," replied the little girl. " Well, dear, I am the Queen, and now you have seen her." But this was too much for the sturdy five-year-old boy. " Oh, you go along," he answered, and continued, " The Queen wears a golden crown, but you are an old lady in a bonnet." # * # To the Editor of CLABE'S WEEKLY: As I have never written to an editor before please excuse me if I make any mistakes in the way I put things, but what I want to write to you about is the poems you have printed in your paper signed "Jarr. June." which appears to be the name of this place abbreviated, and 1 confess to a great deal of curiosity ae to whoever it cati be who writes them, as I know nearly all the people about here, and none of them are, in my opinion, capable of writing anything so good; but what I really want to say is that I think it is a I very great pity that one so clever as "Jarr. June." should not continue to give 11s such stirring poetry ue that headed " Awake, Westialia!'' which appeared gome weeks ago, instead of such light and airy rhymes as the last one you priuted—clever of its sort undoubtedly, but not to be compared with the one I mention or others he has sent yon; and as I think it is the duty of the very few real poets we have to give us their very best, 1 hope your talented contributor will see this and kindly afford many others as well us myself the great pleasure and instruction he has proved himself capable of through the medium of his poetic gift. Hoping both you and he will excuse me tor venturing to make this suggestion, and assuring you it is prompted by a real -nterest in and admiratiou for our local poet, though he is unknown to me.—Yours truly, EMILY, Jarrahdalo Junction. # # * Many and varied are the yarns told of Millionaire Sir Tea Liptoh concerning the manner by which he rose from nothing .into something. Several of these fairy tales gave out to a gullible public the ^notion that T.L. went to America a penniless lad and made a big rise there. One journal of a theological character pointed a moral and adorned a tale hy stating he Btarted out in life determined to support his aged parents in comfort or perish in the attempt. A New York paper tells -quite another story; He got nothing in America but experience, got back to Glasgie toon stone- broke, and his parentB set him up in biz there with a capital of JB80. Eighty pounds for a start in the land o' cakes 1 ' iteally, his vast accumulations are not so wonderful after all. # * # G - . H. Kings well, late owner of the "Coolgardie Miner," was at Hankow in <3hina not long ago. * * # The Coolgardie " Miner" and r " Pioneer" have been bought by an English company. E. W. Hine, a wellknown and popular goldfields journalist, is •~to be the local manager. * * «- .Livingstone, a one-time Murchison journalist, now in Klondike, writing of things generally to the Mount Magnet paper, says: " The blackest lies written or told about Westralia would be described as leaning towards mosaic truth compared with reports about Klondike. The administration of the mining laws (locally) is a public scandal, and there appears to be little or no redress. Just hear this and smile:—On a discovery being made, the prospector betakes himself to the gold commissioner's office at Dawson. If he succeeds in making an entrance into that office (without bribing the officials to pass him in) within a week or ten days, he is fortunate, and, after designating the location of the new find, the prospector is accompanied out to the spot' by one or more policeman, who note the location, and before departing peg out as many adjoining claims H8 they want for theuiselves, the sergeant, their cousins, and the mining recorders. This infamous practice is actually sustained by intelligent men, who naively query why shouldn't a policeman have a chance as well as anyone else. The administration of the law throughout is reeking with abuse." # # * Several W.A. M.L.A.'s have married barmaids (says "tjuiz.") A former M.L.C.'s wife had Deeming as a guest when she ran a pub. in the West. # # * Hei Majesty is fond of Lord Eoseberry, and quite indulgent to Mr Chamberlain. " Really Mr Gladstone," she said to the G.O.M., " I do not.see much difference between Mr Chamberlain and the rest of my Cabinet." The Queen can be terribly sarcastic. Mr Glndstone had made excuses to her for the Brumniagen fcrewmaker when he first kissed hnnds as a Cabinet Minister, and this was her comment. # # # Lady Lainington pioposes taking with lier when she leaves Queensland a young aboriginal girl, also an aboriginal boy about 12 years of age, " so that when the dusky maiden reaches marriageable age she may be provided with a husband of her own race." The latter part of the arrangement shows extreme thoughtfulness. George Reid does not intend to visit Perth. Is he afraid that the unemployed, who sent bim that cable the other day, will deputationise him with a view to getting back to New SouthTV ales with him oh his return thither P President Kruger isn't going to get that million for "moral damages'' resultant on the Jameson raid from Britain. Not much; but as he ie getting his other claims Kruger is likely to let the " moral damage" item slide, as he has not the faintest possible show of getting it. Sartorially speaking, it. was " a good try on," which cost him nothing. A till sneak got two months' hard on May Day at Perth Police Court. The victim of the larceny was a Chow, and the principal witness Ah Keong, " unbaptised Christianised Chinaman," was sworn on a match. Ah Keong was particular in this respect, unlike a compatriot who averred that " clackem saucer, killem cock, blowem out match, or smellum book" were all equally binding on his celestial conscience. Even the Chinaman is beginning to bar the "8mellum book "idea, for when the b>ok happens to be a police court bible he just CAN smell it. The following extract from the " Daily Nation," Mr Healey's paper, will show how the two sections of the Irish party, with which the third is to unite, love each other: "Count Moore will, we believe, prove himself a faithful Nationalist representative and will be a much more creditable member than the clique of donothings and dead-heads with whom Mr Dillon loves to surround himself. Count Moore is not likely to be mixed up with with scandalous financial transactions with Mr Hooley or to be haled into public court for company-mongering transactions of a discreditable type. He will not disgust Ireland by drunken exhibitions in the Eugglish Parliament or be convicted in the London courts for selling putrid pork. While agreeitig with M** Dillon that unity is an essential requisite to success, we maintain that it is only one of many other ingredients that go to the constitution of an effective Irish party. Chief among these we would place a reputable personnel, for so long as auy Irish members, by their conduct. and character, under the glare of observation in the House of Commons, prove their unfitness for public trust, so iong will such object lesBons be effectively used by the enemies of Ireland as the best of all arguments against placing such men in ruling positions over their Protestant feUow-couutrymeii," When this is the way two leaders treat each other, says " New Ireland," within a fortnight of a uuity Conference, it is easy to foretell that the prospect of some hopeful result ii getting daily fainter. The "Chestpr Chronicle" publishes extracts from a book which has been distribu ed by Archdeacon Barber, Hector of St. Mary's-within-the-Walls, Chester, to hoys and girls in the parish going up -for confirmation. The book, which is entitled «* Before the Altar," by the Eev. E. J. Wilson, D.D., late warden of Keble College, Oxford, contains the following form of confession : "I confess to God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, before the whole company of Heaven, and beforeyou, father, that I have sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed, by my fault, by my own fault, by my own grevious fault. Especially, I remember having committed the following sins since my last confession, which was ago. [Here mention your sins.] For these and all my other sins, which I cannot now remember, I am heartily sorry. I firmly propose to to ameud, and I ask of you, father, penance, advice, and absolution." Among the questions which are suggested to the boys and girls for self-examination are the fol- lowing : " Have I given way to impure thoughts and feelings, or conversation, read of such things, done anything of the kind alone, or with others, looked at bad pictures?" The candidate are assured that" our sins are not affairs only between ourselves and God; the church has, under the guidance of the Ho'y Ghost, deputed the priests to receive these confessions of sins, and the priests have the commission of Christ to pronounce forgiveness to penitent souls in His name and by His power ; the best way, therefore, in the case of all grave sine is to open our grief to God's minister, in order to get the benefit of absolution." 