DISTRICT NEWS. (From our Various Correolondenta.) CATHERINE HILL BAY MINSTREL Entertainment. The newly-formed minstrel troupe made their first bow the other night to one of the largest audiences ever seen at any entertainment here. Boyd's HaIll was liter ally crammed, and many could not get in. The stage was neatly arranged, the curtain and side wings giving it quite a gay ap pearance. The footlights were quite up to dlate. The hall was tastefully decorated with lags, representing all nations. The enter tainment on the whole was quite up to, if not above, what the general public antlci Itated, while the songs and choruses were well rendered, the funny gags, local hits. and conundrums bringing down the house. The two corner men, Rowly Thompson and Jim Collis, were inimitable, and kept the house in roars of laughter. The chairs were filled by the following performers:--Inter locttor. Mr. F. Parton: Bones, Rowly Thompson (who is a past master with the bones); while his ally, Tambo, is equally at home on the tamboutrine. Messrs. Boyd, Thomas, Gow, and Hawkes made up the company. A good orchestra, composed of Mr. W. Seoble, violin; Mr. F. Shannon, piccolo; Mr. J. Shorman, cornet; while Mr. C. Whitfileld was the pianist, and admir rably accompanied the singers. The open Itng chorus followed the overture, when Tambho and Bones, with their mirth-provok ing gags were much in evidence. Mr. Gow sang "Never to see her face again," fol lowed by conundrums;s: when Mr. Thomp son gave his comic song, "Sally with the coal black eye," which was vociferously cn cored, singing in response "My wife's a terror." Mr. H. Hawkes then sang "Break it gently to my mother," when Bones and Tambo were again to tile fore. Mr. Thomas came next, with "Carry me back to old Vir giny," when Tambo sang his comic, "Clim;, up," followed by Mr. Boyd's song, "Leave me not in anger, darling." "Sweet bye and bye" and a sketch entitled "I saw a ghost," in which Bones and Tambo played very amusing parts, while Mr. Boyd represented the ghost." The second part was intro duced by the orchestra playing an overture. Mr. W'. Thomas ' then rendered "The old home is not what it used to be." "Rootity 'foot," by Mr. Thompson, was the next song, followed by Mr. F. MacDonough, "Ro many Lass," and "The Little Nipper," by Mr. T. Anderson. Mr. Tobin's "I ain't a goin' to tell" was encored, when the last verse was repeated. An amusing sketch, "The Photographer," in which Messrs. Boyd, Collins, and Thompson tooks part, was very amusing. Mr. F. Parton, on be half of the Crictet Club, returned thanks A farce, "The Skeleton," was the last item, lis which the following appeared:-The Skeleton, Mr. J. Collins; the Doctor, Mr. F. MacDonough; Mr. Barttnl, Mr. A. Boyd; and the servant, Mr. R. Thompson. As all were letter perfect in their parts, the hu morous farce bristled with fun from begin ning to end, and on the whole the company are to be congratulated upon the very plea sant evening's amusement they provideos. Mr. Boyd was the stage manager, and not one hitch occurred during the evening. Mr. Daltont, as secretary, left nothing undone which could in any way tend to make this entertainment a success. Thie proceeds will amount to between five and six pounds, af- ter expenses are paid. The funds are to be devoted to erecting either a pavilion on the cricket ground or fencing the grounds. It is hoped that the troupe will give a series of similar entertainments during the winter monthb. CRICKET. On Saturday. the Wyee team of cricketers visited the team, and treated the Bay team to a beating. The skipper of the visiting team, lhl. Davies, won the toss from Mr. Gow, and sent his men to the wickets, who scored 137 before tlley were got rid of. Kelly 31, Deaves 31, and Capper 34, did yeo inan service for their side with the hat, while Pi. and J. KIelly did thie trundling all through. Thie Bay team made 85. Young Collins played a nice inningsgfor 32, Mascord 16, and IM. J. Hennessy 11, were the only baitsmen who reached double figures. Tihe fielding of the Bay team was loose in the ex treme. Mr. H. Hawkes provided the luo cheon, which was excellent, and ample jus tice was done to it. Slight showers fell at lntervals during the day. IARRtOWV ESCAPE. Walter Frost, engaged at Mr. W. Tobin's, while In tile act of bleeding a beast the other day, had a narrow escape of receiving a serious injury for life. The knife slipped it appears, and entered his leg, inflicting a nasty wound, which was attended to by Dr. Atterbury. and I am pileased to see that Frost is about again. THE MINING TROUBLE. The trouble existing between masters and men still continues. The miners' notices are In and their time will expire on Sbitur day. However, there is time still for a mu tual agreement satisfactory to both parties to be arrived at, and it Is to be hoped that a strike, which at present is looked upon as llhely, will be averted, and that wiser counsels will prevail, so that that which must prove disastrous to the district will be avoided, and that the music of the engine whistle and the cry "look out below"" wills continue familiar sounds. PRESENTATION. A. pleasing little ceremony took place in the church on the hill the other night, when a large number of the Inhabitants attended to present to Mr. A. Parton a few souvenirs of their rdespect and esteem prior to his de parture on Thursday for Greta, which will in future be the field of his labours for some time to come. Mr. Scobie, manager of the Wallarnh mine, occupied the chair, and af ter the proceedings were opened by the sing ing or the 40th hymn and prayer, MI. Scobie addressed the meeting, speaking in high terms of tie personal qualities of Mr. Parton, who is now about to become a minister of tihe Church, and in a few days ite would take his departure to labour in the good:work.lMr. Scoble concluded a lengthy: and bforclble address by wishing Mr. Parton every success In the new sphere of his la bours and God-speed. -after which Mr. Gaw sang "Ordered to the Fray," and. Mr. H. Hawkes, who was in excellent voice, ren- dered very well 'A Friar Grey." Mr. Lock then addressed the meeting, expressing the hole that tIr. Parton would be as success ful 'in his labours in the service of the Master as they all wished. Mr. Hawkes here sang "De Profundls," and Mr. M'Don ough rendered "The Holy City." Mr. H. Hawkes then, in making a presentation, said that he had the pleasing duty of pre senting on behalf of the community, a few mementos of respect and goodwill to their young friend on the eve of his departure from their midst, where he had done so much service in church matters, and having expressed high appreciation of his fine qua lilties and of the good work he had already accomplished, especially among the young, presented him with Kingsley's works from the Sunday-school children, and a Gladstone bag and a collection of books from his co workers in matters connected with tile church here and numerous other friends. Mrs. Hawkes here sang "Love's Old Sweet Soug." Mr. Parton then, in a cordially alp reciative response, thanked his friends for their great kindness to him, as again ex pressed by their gifts and in all the kind things said about him, remarking that he teas leaving the Bay because he felt that his work lay in a different sphere, having from boyhood felt an inclination for the ministry, and having received a call and being appointed to Greta, he gladly, though rather doubtfully, accepted the appoint ment, determined with God's help to do some good and to endeavour to do good for others. After some remarks from Mr. Jos. Sperirng, Mr. Boyd sang very sweetly "Come give me your hand." and hymn 494 brought the proceedings to a termination. ACCIDENT. A lad innled Rltdly Ihns had to Itavo onto of his fingers amputated owing to an injllltr received to Ills halld In a fall [rom a tyag gon. 