LOIS BBCOTT THE STOEt OF AX CHAPTER X_—AN 1NYTTATWX. BY Katharine S. m a x n o i A uthor •< "ftm," nteniiw. at IvtakfaM, tfce tafcnr and tlaisgtoer s m sihafc aai 31 at we Mr*. Knott talked ksw tbi u^ii eaalA not. help fceeeg fat, site feh a stem ta Uv air. Mrs. Knott ukrj ktr netrs Up n martins a ^QantitT hone fan. L k went into the garden, wad kr frtfcw. instead of going b ttniy, pm a« kt» lot, and walked off toronis uiiaa&gr.; I do hope. Sophy, tout utile ciQ mt rail at the Manor house-" Mis. Ervott looked after him tram ite tantnn window. Sophy was silent; she wvnkfed ahikr Lois- had confided her tnnlifei to her stepmother. The fair, pleasant vmur looked perplexed, and made a blot on the piBow-case she was marking. "Dear, dear, how careless of me," she exclaimed, "I can never do anything properly whsn I have a worry on my mind-" Sophy often wondered how Mr. Ercott. with his scared, pale eyes, looking as though they saw a ghost, and her pleasant, buxom aunt, whoGe whole wpearance denoted content {even in her plump, dimpled white hands, there was a promise of ease and comfort), could have come together. "What is your -worry, auntf Sophy's "Aunt Clem," the Miss Buchnell who lived near, was often satirical about her sister Agatha's garrulity, and the girl felt sure that a confidence was coming. "It's always the same thing, dear. Lois i£ so fond of you that yon may be able to help; I want you to speak to your uncle, Sophy." "What am I to speak . about, aunt';"'- Sophy felt greatly, amused. Mrs. Ercott's hope o£ a marriage betw^n Sir Miles and Lois so possessed her tHat she fancied Sophy must have guessed it was in progress. "I mean about Sir Miles an<£ Lois, you know. He's completely wrapped up in her; you should eee the Sowers and fruit be sends her, and she Mkes him fax mace thin she save, poor dear child. It is such a pity Mr. Ercott should set hiiwrif against the engagement." Sophy was startled; she already thought that Lois liked Sir Miles mords than ihe would confess, and if tiie baronet cared for. her. it did seem a pity that nncte Ercott had taken a crotchet against trim, tihe gave a half sigh; she was amhataous for Lois, but she was not worldly : it seemed to her a comedown that her mend's aspii&tiotii; should end in making a mere good match. "Do you like Sir Miles?" Mrs. Ercott stirred as if she doubted Sophy's sanity. "Why. Sophy, what can yon mean? like him! He's unexceptionable; he's a baronet, the principal landholder this eiiSe of ihe'county; then, you know, his sister, Lady Symore, is quite a leads of fashion. Only think what a position the child -would have, with her beanty, and her cleverness; think :how proud her, father would be to read about her' parties sod all ihe rest in tbe newspapers." "Why, aunt, yoa are quite a oaaUe-build- Sophy laughed, but she Sett doubtful She thought Mr. Ercott would know" better on such a point than Aunt Ag&tba; die also thought he would not allow a. men peraooal dislike to influence him. She began to fear he had some serifis canse of objection to Sir Miles. Meantime Mr. Erootfs walk had calmed him. Tbe' private road of the garden led across two meadows, here and there daded bv forest treas; beyond tbe last gate were cottages with red and yfSlorw climbers on their white walls, and gardens gay with flowers. Facing Mr. Ercott tie chalkjr road went upwards to' the village of Btinsby. There was a cross-road running rigfct- and left, and the right-hand way would have taken him far more quickly to the Manorhouse, but he had buanes to do in tha village, and he was also desirous to get more thinking time before he interviewed Sir .Yesterday he had seen Lois before die observed him, and her blushing, self-conscious warned him that she was,, perhaps, already fascinated by Sir Mfles's flattery. Flattery, he thought, mufit be poison to a who had not. been accustomed to admiration. While he crossed tiie bridge over the little which cut tiie road at this point, Ercott asked himself how he could best open the subject with Sir Miles. He ascertained from his wife that the and fruit were sent from the Mano*- without any special address—they were delivered "vr&fa; the compliments of Miles Caversbam." Lois's father could not therefore find any complaint on that If the rector had beat married, the flowers would probably have been seat to rectory. His great cause of complaint against Sir Miles was this meeting in the wood; beside«, it was unwise to encourage amy intituui-v between his child and 6uch a man as baronet. The puzzle was how he could :;et this before his neighbour; but be iiaa resolved to put an end to the acquaintance. He was some distance past the picturcsnue MilWiouee when he saw before him, the middle of the village, Sir Miles Caver- '.urn st.-iring with much apparent interest it the thatched roofs of tie cottages on it'ier side of the raanhUng street — roofs vliicli in many cases projected over quaint dorner windowB, and overhung whitewashed walls. Sir Miles turned and 6a,w Mr. Ercott. He came quickly towards him. The village street had seemed deserted, but as the two men stopped to shake hands, fates showed at the windows, some evileyecl old women, and one or two crippled larls were seal peeping out of the doorways. It was new for Brinsbjr that two gentlemen should talk together in its High-street; the village was only accustomed to the rector'< rapid visits as he hurried in and out of the cottages, in -which it must be owned he had to listen to more complaints and cat lis than might have been heard in the three nearest hamlets put together. Brinsbv seemed to glory in the curae that was said to spread to it from the*Manor House; it was a sadly vicious- pMpe, and for at least two generations no softening or purifying influence had shed forth from its superiors. "Good morning," the Squire Said. Ercott had to own that both his voice and manner were winning. "I was on my way to tlw cottage; now we have met, -will you come back to the Manor House?' Ercott stared—almost gasped; this audacious smiling man did not attempt an apology for his neglect; he seemed to think he was doing quite the right thing by announcing that, he was on his way to the cottage. 'Til walk part of the way," Ercott said stiffly. His companion was amused by his manner. "I hope Mrs. Ercott is well, and your daughter; what a talent she has for reciting. ' I had the pleasure of listening to her yesterday; she doe6 it surprisingly well for anv one so young; she seems stall almost a child." Ercott. smiled; he-was relieved that Lois should be thought younger than her age. "'Yes. she is very childish; I do not approve of her doing it at all, and especially in so lonely a place as the wood." He looked hand at his companion as he spoke. '"1 think you axe quite right, she is mueh too remarkable looking for that sort of thing; of course, it was different for me, I liad already had the pleasure of meeting her: but surely, Ercott, you do not mean to ignore such a talent as here? I have seen a good deal of acting, especially in Paris, where, as you know, is the finest acting in the world, and I must say that Miss Ercott seems to me to possess all the necessary gifts for the stage, only they must be cultivated." He liad intended to offer his assistance with regard to the girl's training, but the expression of Mr. Eroott'e face checked him. "I do noi intend to have tins habit of my 'laughter's cultivated," he said repressivdy. "1 know little about players; I do not wish to know more about them—to me tiey are simply mountebanks, and we do not widi to have mountebanks in our family, Sir Miles." He spoke as if be were annoyed, and a flush rose on has pale face. ""You are severe," Sir Miles smiled. "Your daughter seems to me to show decided genius." "I cannot see any genius in it," Ercott said in a dull, dogged voice; but the flush deepened on his face as he spoke. (To be continued to-morrow.) 