THE GHOST OF HEYTON GRANGE. OME yetir:t ago I i met Gascoyno V dro?sed in a suit of Scotch gray mpr- \ sporting clothes. J It was at a rail J9 way station, and he had beside ZWr. him his gun-case and fishintr-ruds. Knowing that ho was not a man to spend a great deal of money on his own pleasure, I guessed at onco that ho had been lucky enough to receive an invitation from somo one who possessed fishing and shooting rights. ' Hallo, Goscoyne,' I said, as I came up with him, ' what's tho game now ? This looks something liko business.' 'Ah, my boy,' says ho, ' I should think it doos, too. Old Jefferson has beon looking out for a country place for somo time, you know, and ho haB managed to find one up in the north at a marvellously cheap rent. He's taken ib for twelve months, nnd if hs likes it ho has the chance of buying it ab a ridiculous figure. ' Why, whab's the matter with ib 1' I said. ? 'Oh, nothing,' he replied, ' thab I know of, but ib doesn't suit the owner for some reason, and he lias had it on his hands for a very long time and could not let it, and 1 suppose he got tired of it and thought ho would get rid of it ab any prico. Jefferson writes me that it is really a grand place, with somo glorious shooting arid fishing, and a reully magnificent hou3e, and he's asked me to go and have a month's sport. I thought it was too good a chance to be missed, and so I packed up my traps at once, and I'm off.' At thab bhe train came up, and after see' ing him comfortably settled in a corner seat and wishing him good sport and a high old time I strode away. What was my surprise, in a little more than a weok afterwards, to meet him one evening in the High-street as I was return ing from business. ' Why, Guscoyne,' I said, ' whatever has brought you back again so soon ? 1 thought you were going to stay a month.' ' Nover a month would I stay at that place for any price,' he replied; 'but come, let us walk up to the Ring of Bells at the end of tho village. We shall be quiet thero, and I'll bell you all aboub ib. Ib makes me feel so queer every time I bhink of ib that I really can't tell you without a glass of something.' We went up to the old inn, and before a comfortable glass and blazing lire wo lib our pipes, and he commenced : — 'Jefferson was righb when he said he had a splendid place. Ib's fallen inbo disrepair a little through being untenanted so long ; but Heybon Grange, as ib is called, is a regular counbry mansion, wibh a magnifi cent hall, fine large entertaining rooms, and 1 don't know how many bedrooms up. Btairs. I found he'd invited quite a number of follows, and intended having a regular shooting party slaying in bhe house, but he hud asked me up a day or two in ad vance, so that we could have a quiet bime togethor before the rest came. 1 ' We had three mosb enjoyable days The country round was magnificent. We had a few idle shots, ahd cast a fly or two for trout aa we sauntered along, talking of old times, ond theso lazy trials were suffi cient to show us thab we should have fino sporb when we commenced in earnesb. We spenb these days alone, and Jefferson and I slept together during that time, for we are old friends, as you know, and I liked better to be wibh him than bo be in the room allotted to me in the far off west wing until thab parb of tho house was occu pied by some of tho other visitors. On tho fourth day they came. We had a glorious time of it, and went to bed tired out. I dropped to sleep at once, bub after some bwo hours I woke up bathed in a cold per spiration and with a terrible feeling that I could not account for. '? Whether I had been dreaming or not I could not tell, bub I raised myself on one arm and lookod around the room, and there right by tho foot of tho bod I saw— the bust of a woman, as though the body had been cut through at the waist. ' The face was as white as marble and tho eyes seemed to look beseechingly upon me. Terrified, 1 was unable to stir, and tho figure gradually floated away and disap peared through the panels of tho wall, heaving as it did so a low, deep sigh. ' Of-'course, sleep was impossible after that. I lay in a state of terror until morn ing, but I managed to drop into a troubled, broken slumher as daylight appeared, and slept on uneasily until I was startled by a knock at the door, and the announcement that the first breakfast bell had run'. I went down to bieakfast with the effects of tho night's apparition still upon me, though wearing away and growing fainter every moment, and before I had finished my second cup of coffee, whab I had supposed to be tho usuul query in such cases arose in my mind— Could I, after all, have fancied thab bhe apparibion appeared ? ' Was ib possible that it could bo the result of a disordered imaginubion ? In the night I hud made up my mind to tell my friend what had occurred and leave tho house at once, but now I feared the ridicule of bhe company, und was, indeed, likely soon to laugh myself and wonder how 1 could havo been so superstitious. I raised my head and began to join in the conversa tion and to talk over blio arrangen.onts for another day's Bport, when ab bho far end of the table I noticed a gentleman who laughed tho loudest yestorday, and whose sallies had amused us all, bub who was now Bileut and tuciturn. ' ' He seemed quite unable to do justice to tho good' things provided by our host, and only answered in monosyllables whon spoken to. It was evident that his mind was ill at ease, and that ho wus labouring under somo strong oxcitement. As soon as breakfast was ovor I soughb him oub and said to him — ' I am afraid somothing lias happened to disturb you ; you were in such oxcellent spiritn we we parted last night and seomod so very different at the tablo this morning that I feel sure something must be bhe matter.' ' ' No,' he roplied. ' I'm all righb, thanks j I certainly don't feel very lively just now, hut it will wear off presently.' ' 1 Perhaps you didn't have a good . night's rest V T rejoined, speaking slowly and pointedly. ' - ' ' ' Woll,' ho said, 1 I cannot say that I / did, but I do not wish to speak of ib ; ib would only pub Jefferson about.' ''Tell me,' I suid, 'did anybhing dis turb you ? Did you see anything ?' 'and in my eagerness I laid my hand upon his shoulder. ' ' I did,' ho said j ' why do you ask ?' ' ' Because I saw something myself ; what did you see V ' ' 1 saw,' ho said, and shuddered as he spoko, ' the bust of a woman cut off at tho waist I' ' ' Precisely what I have seen in the night I' I ojaculated. ' I saw it at the foot of my bed, and ib seemed bo disappear through tho panel of the wall. Is your room in bho wosb wing ab the end of bhe great passage ?' ' ' Ib is,' ho replied. ' ' Then bho apparibion musb have en tered your room when it left mine, for you nre evidently sleeping in the noxt room to me. What is to be dono ?' Wo cannot stay, and I certainly do not like bhe idea of breaking up tho party.' ' Well, we talked it over long and earnesbly, and ab last arranged bo sbay bhat night ab any rate and see if it visited us again. ' After another day's sport, during which we forgot our foars, nighb came on, and wo once more rehired bo our rooms, but nob to bed. I was very tired, and I sat up watching until long past tho time the ap parition had appeared on the previous nighb, and then overcome with fatigue I throw aside my fears, and throwing my. self on tho. bed was asleep in'a moment. ' I could not havo slepb very long — nob many minubes— when I awoke wibh a start, and I felt at onco that tho thing was by me. In terror I opened my eyes. Oh, horrors I The bust of the woman was lying by my side on the bed, with her head upon the pillow ! ?' What happened after thab I do not know, for I must have lost consciousness for u moment, and when I recovered bhe fearful bhing had vanished. I jumped from bhe bed and rushed insbanbly into my neighbour's room, but he was lying upon the rug in a dead faint. I loosened his collar and poured cold water on his face, and as he opened his eyes and revived a little I mado him take a good draught of brandy from my hunting flask which I had with me. '?He quickly came to himself, and sitting up ho told me he hud dozed off in his chair and had been suddenly awakened by the touch of a death-cold hand upon his fore head, and found the apparition close to him, gating with entreaty in her eyes into his faco. Overcome with horror he had fainted away as I found him. ' We sat together and talked long and earnestly, and at length decided that we would make tho best excuse to our host, urging some sudden coll back to our homes, and would leave the house that morning. I am afraid Jefferson must havo felt hurt at our sudden depurture, bub stay we could nob, so we came away, and here I am.' Gascoyne and I sab balking and con jecturing about the mysterious visitanb un til late that nighb. Weeks and months passed, and it gradu ally became only a . terrible memory of which wo spoke now and again, until one day Gascoyne knocked hurriedly ab my door, und saying In an excited manner, ' Put on your hat and come with me,' ho led me without a word to the old Ring of Bells. As soon as we were seated in the littlo room behind the bar he began hur riedly— ' I've just had a letter from Jefferson. Ho had a Christmas parby ab Heybon lasb weok and one of tho guests who had been placed in the room I slept in shrieked oub that she had seen a ghost, and when they had calmed tier sufficiently to speak coher ently she declared that it took the form of the bust of a woman. Jeffer3on remembered our hasty flight and the curiously embar rassed way in which we made our excusgs for leaving him so suddenly, and believing now that it must have been in somo way connected with the apparition that so terri fied his lady visitor, he made up his mind thero and then that together wibh bho bravesb of his visitors ho would himself watch on the following night. He did so, and soon after midnighb the restless spirit returned once more. He and his friend nerved thomselvesand spoke to it, demand ing the reason for its presence in tho houso. It gazed upon them for a moment, and beckoning them to follow ib floated out and led thom through a secret door on the top landing into a small room under the roof, where they found a worm- eaten chest, into which the apparition seemed to disappear. They rushed downstairs, and quickly returning with two or three men servants bhey broke open the lid and were horrified to discover tho lower parb of a woman's body, which, from its decomposed state, had evidently been thore for years. U pon inquiry they learned that a long time before a murder had been committed, and the murderer, who was the unfortunate woman's husband, had severed his victim at the waist, and that her bust having been dis covered it had been buried in the church yard, but that search for bhe lower parb of the body had been in vain. As soon as Jefferson and his friends could arrange with tho authorities the ghastly object in tho trunk had been buried beside the bust.' Thab was Gascoyne's bale, and ho was able to inform ine from a further communi cation he received from Jefferson thut the midnight visitunt had never appeared again My friend was a man for whom I enter tained the highest regard, and I had every reasou to believe in his integrity. He declared to me that every parb of this strango narrative is truo, and I have nover been inclined to doubt it. 