Topics of the Day. -o LET the journalist defend the doctrines of the party he approves; let .him criticise and condemn the party to which he doea not approve ; reserving always his right to tpplaud MB opponents or censure his friends, an the truth nay require-r-aud he will be independent enongb for a Free Country.-GABFIELD, THE talking itch in the Legislative As sembly shows no Bign of abatement. Three «hole sittings-one of them lasting four teen hours-were occupied in discussing the proposal to send a oontingent to the Trans vaal, whereas the matter should have been disposed of in a single sitting, or two at the outside. Yet the members of the House knew quite well that the present session must terminate in about nine weeks and that a great deal of important business had to be done. There are members who think it is their duty not only to speak on every subject that is presented for discussion, but to speak at considerable length. Many of them appear to be of the opinion that both the Assembly and the country are eager to have their views on public questions, whereas neither the one nor the other takes the slightest interest in their utterances. A« a «ímost empty benches, for whesr they get ap-todeliver orations many of the members who happen to be in the chamber at the time troop off to the refreshment or other outside rooms, and those who are already in those places remain > where they are. To a politician possessed of ordinary sensitiveness this ex odus would be so discouraging that he would cut his remarks very short, but it has not that effect on the ^persons referred to. They talk on for an hour or more with unflagging zeal, and at the end of their dis course resume their seats with apparent great reluctance. What they have said the public never know, for they do not read Hansard, and the newspapers give them only a few linea, of a report. All the time that Mr. Reid was in office this evil of loquacity was rampant, and it necessitated the prolongation of many sittings right through the night. The remedy was nearly as bad as the disease, for it wa? pro ductive of a great many defects in the legis lation that was passed during the small hours ; there wjas-only another alternative -making a standing order providing for the limitation of speeches to half an hour -but that Mr. Reid, for reasons that can be easily understood, was unwilling to pro pose. Nor can it be expected that Mr. Lyne will propose it, for he knows that the effect of such action would be to make bim unpopular in the House. As there is no probability of the majority of the members who are in the habit of speaking keeping their orations within reasonable limits, it follows that if the Premier is determined to pass only two or tbree of the Bills in his programme, there will have to be several all night sittings. A barren session would be politically ruinous to him. The opponents in the Assembly of the proposal ti) send a contingent nf the New South Wales troops to the Transvaal wera only a small minority. Exactly similar was the case when the proposal of the Sturt-Dibbs-Dalley Ministry to despatch a contingent to the Soudan was submitted. On that occasion there was a great deal of public enthusiasm about the matter, much of which was probably due to the wonder fully magnetic oratory and personality -of Mr. Dalley, one of tbe most eloquent and popular of all the men who have occupied seats io the several Australian Parliaments. Yet. time was on the side of the opponents of that movement, and it came to be gen erally admitted that the movement had been a mistake. And probably there will be a similar change of opinion with respect to the despatch of troops to the Transvaal. In support of the proposal some specious arguments were used in the Assembly, hut, as might be expected, they were pulled to pieces in a remorseless fashion. Mr. Barton was very clever, but also very sophistical. " If," he asserted, " there can be no neutrality between Gape Colony and the Transvaal, how can there be any neutrality between Australia and the Transvaal?" Again, "If the British in fluence in South Africa were lost, it would' mean a serious blow to Australasia, and would be the prelude to further losses. If the idea that the British Empire was no longer impregnable gained ground, the colonies would feel it, and it would mean disaster to them." From these premises Mr. Barton argued that it was our duty to rush into the fray at the Transvaal. The conclusion is not a logical deduction from the premises. It is in fact an absurdity:, because it implies that the presence of Aus tralia's little regiment at the seat of war may prevent the loss of British prestige. The dispute between England and the Transvaal is one with which Australia hais absolutely nothing to do, and our action in a|pioprifitiiJg a very large sum of money. ror *1¡ü« ftórpose of forcing a -settlement seems to be pure folly. Assuredly lt ' waf* not necessary to demonstrate our loyalty to the mother country, for on that subject there never has been any cause for* sus picion. Bemoved many thousands of miles from the soene of conflict, and having no real-interest in it, our duty was to remain neutral, but a large majority of the repré sentatives of the people thought otherwise. What the bulk of their constituents think on the subject has not yet been made known. It is to be hoped our jingoistic display will not make us ridiculous in the eyes of the world. Attention has been directed to the fact that Italian oranges stand a sea voyage much better than those grown in New South Wales. Large quantities of the former are exported to England, and although they are invariably shipped as general cargo they seem to suffer no harm on the voyage. Many hundreds of cases are also sent to the Sydney market, and, as a rule, are landed in first-class condition. The experience of our fruit exporters has been very different from this, for in the majority of instances when they have shipped oranges as general cargo to London the fruit has been found to be worthless when it arrived at its destination, and this despite the fact that it has been carefully packed. Even some of the shipments that have been placed in cold storage chambers have deteriorated considerably on the way. Our Agricultural department has made enquiries for the purpose of ascertaining why Italian oranges bear a sea voyage much better than those grown in this colony, and it gives the following as the principal causes :-(1) Picking the fruit before it is perfectly ripe ; (2) Drying after picking to allow the escape of noxious gases and the decay of bruised fruits before packing ; (8) Proper ventilation on the steamer; (4) The equably dry climate in which the fruits are grown and which allows of this system of drying being carried out. One or two of these conditions are observed here, for generally, the oranges intended for export are picked before they are ripe, and to a certain extent they are dried before they are put in the cases. It may be doubted, however, whether they are sufficiently dried. There is a disad vantage with respect to our climate, for it certainly is not equably dry during the time the oranges are maturing. Then, the method of propagating our oranges may have something to do with their inferior carrying qualities. In most oases they aft produced from trees that have lemon stalks, and the effect of this, so some experts have alleged, is to make the fruit softer than is that grown on trees which have been propagated in a different manner. But whatever care may be taken in cultivating oranges and preparing them for export, it seems clear that it will not be practicable tosend them to England as general cargo and have them landed in a sound condition, for tbe great heat of the Bed Sea would ruin them. Tbe sum of the whole matter is that there is no probability for a long time to come of our orango growers success fully competing in the English markets against the Italian exporters. Mr. Thomas Bavister, who represented | Ashfield for several years in the Legislative Assembly, but who was defeated by Mr. Wise at the last general election, and again < a few weeks ago £y the same gentleman, is j to he {Kregented with a testimonial. Asi elated at the meeticg of some of his sup- j . porters which was held to consider the matter, the reasons why he is to be honour ed in ibis way are, first, because he had only come forward on the last occasion when fae was jiefeated at the earnest solici tation of his supporters, and that he had sacrificed his time and prospects at their desire r and secondly, because his attitude towards his opponent had been hqjpçûrablei 'ÍDÚ&ÍQÜB and manly, ß^rely these aré ^ti^plie Sinkest rented £&&#&j;¡m beenliîdvanced in advocacy "oí a" ^bposai to - giVe a money or other kind of testimonial to a citizen. In his nomination parers Mr. Bavister has always described himself as a bricklayer ; is it to he inferred from | the action of the testimonial committee that ! in their opinion gentlemanly conduct on the part of a bricklayer or of any other 6ort of artisan is such a rare occurrence that when it is manifested by a member of the class acting in a public capacity it should be rcognised by a substantial pecuniary gift? If so, the proceeding is an insult both to Mr. Bavister and to the whole body of the mechanics in New South Wales. The other reason given for the proposed testimonial is- not so offensive as the one just mentioned, but it is exceedingly thin. Mr. Bavister, it is said, sacrificed bis time and prospects to contest the election. What prospects ? He had a billet which was bestowed upon him for party reasons, and which would probably have been taken from him for the same reasons. Conse quently when he resigned he made no sacrifice. But. in any case it was not necessary on his part to throw up his situa tion. The country did not clamour for his services in Parliament ; and it was not in the interests of the country, but for the purpose of making him an instrument in carrying out a political vendetta against Mr. Wise that he was induced to leave his work in the telephone tunnels and become a candidate for Ashfield. Therefore the second of the reasons does not hold water. It is quite right that the promoters of Mr. BaviBter's unsuccessful candidature should do something for him, and we hope they will contribute a considerable sum ul money, but their appeal for subscriptions to the proposed testimonial should be on other grounds than those mentioned. Mr. Edden, the Labour Member for Kahibah, and an excellent member he is, believes that the State should have coal mines of its own for the supply of its requirements, and a considerable number of the other members of the Assembly agree with him. This scheme Mr. Edden has had in his mind for a long time, and he hes tried with unflagging perseverance to have it embodied in the Statute Book. That the project will be ultimately success ful is more than probable. During the paet few years State Socialism has been making rapid advances, and it is apparently ! destined to advance even more rapidly in UM fata* Ow Wiiways a.pd, tornea are expressions of State Socialism, for although they are managed by Commis sioners, yet those Commissioners are responsible to Parliament. It ie the general opinion that it pays the country to own the railways, and there can hardly be a doubt that ii they were in private hands they would not be worked so well in the interests of the whole community as they have been. Now if it is a good thing that the State should own the railways and tramways, it seems to be equally a good thing that it should manufacture the engines, carriages, steel rails, &c;, used in preparing and equipping the lines, and provide fuel for the engines from mines operated by itself. Logically there ie 00 difference between the two enterprises. At present the State does all the repairs to engines, carriages, &c;, in its own shops* and the step from that to manufacturing rolling stock of this kind, is but a natural development. And as it requires, an enor mous quantity of coal every year -why Bbould it not obtain the fuel from its own mines ? The coal can be obtained cheaper under the system of unrestricted compet ition, says the theoretical economist, but the reply is that that assertion has not yet been proved, And even if it had been, it is to be remarked that there is something more valuable than mere cheapness. Ona ot the objects of the State W to make its citizens contented and happy aB fair as it is périmentethe-State of >Nfew South Wales has made in this direction hâve had tnal effect, for there is no class of workers in the community more contented than the mechanics and artisans, in {he employ of the Ballway Department, In a State coal mine there would never be any strikes, for the miners would have fair rates of wages ; whilst grievances concerning excessive dirt, &c;, in the seams would be speedily and satisfactorily adjusted. Surely results Hbo these would justify the State in departing from the doctrines laid down by academic economists relating to such matters. The first really serious conflicts between the British and the Boers resulted disas trously for the latter. They must have shaken President Kruger's belief that Divine Providence had the Burghers of tba Transvaal under His especial care. After having spent some time in secret prayer he announced that during the fights which where expected to take place Che bullets of the enemy would fly harmlessly past the soldiers of the Transvaal, whilst, on the other hand, the missies discharged by the latter would work dire havoc in the British ranks. Doubtless many of the citizens of tbe Transvaal believed that such would be the case. They are so ignorant and <so fanatical that it is not at all inconceiv able that they consider they have a sort of a monopoly of the Heavenly powers. But disillusion has come. Before the British arms many of them have been swept into Eternity, and many more, it would Beeta, are destined to be violently dismissed into the same bourne. . What tho British have done so far is a mere trille compared with what they will do when General Buller arrives in South Africa, and the army in his charge - advances into tba Transvaal. Then the Boers will be over« whelmed, and the South African trouble settled once for all. It is to be regretted that Kruger and his advisers decided to resort to the arbitrament of wac for the purpose of trying to settle their dispute with the British, for what the step meant was that the South African Republic would i within a few months afterwards disappear from the face of the earth. All the nations} of the world who took any interest in the dispute recognisèd that this was a foregone conclusion ; they knew that there was not the ghost oí a chance for the Boers. Air humanitarians will wish that the struggle* may not be. çrolonçed.. 