? i THE REAL HERO. Sanny's horse was dancing, around the hitching posfc at tho gate, tugging impatiently at hiB halter, while Sanny was lolling in the hammock on tbe porch. After a while he waa going to ride aronnd the mountain to the lower pasture, to see the fellows break in broncos. He was in no hurry ; toey would De at it au the afternoon. Besides, he was tired, and had eaten a hearty dinner. He had spent the morning chopping off chickens' heads and dressing the fowls for market, and he had eaten a double portion of dumpling at dinner because his nncle did not want his. This uncle, his mother's brother, William Sanford, had come up into the Colorado mountains to.be cured of lung trouble. He was a hearty and jolly fellow, but unlearned in mountain ways, and very restless. He had made up his mind to drive down to Denver that afternoon, and since he waB bound to go, Sanny's mother had decided to take advan tage of his trip and go with him, to sell her butter and eggs and chickens, although it was only Friday, and her usual market day was Saturday. Sanny's father, who had lived in the mountains all his life and knew the weather-signs, said to hit : ' I adviseyou to wait until the.drought iB broken. It's likely to break before many hours, in. my opinion. It's the closest day I've ever known in these parts, and any one with ears can bear trouble biewing over yonder mountains. Tou may be caught by a cloud-burst.' William Sanford laughed. ' See here, John,' he said, 'you've been expecting this drought to break for the last month, and it's still as dry aa ashes. There is no more Bign of rain to- day than there was yesterday. It was just as sultry, and I heard the same rumbling over the mountain. I've business tbat I must attend to by telegraph. I couldn't sleep last night for thinking of it. If you can spare the team I'm going this afternoon.' ' If he's going, I'm going, too,' declared Sanny's motner, wmsKing arouna to gee ready. 'Ut couree the horses can't make the trip to-morrow if they are driven down to-day. Now, don't you worry, John. If it rains hard, we'll just stop somewhere overnight jtnd go on to-morrow. I've done bo lots of timeB, ^ou know. Sanny, don't forget to feed the chickenB, and help grandma with the dishes, now, son.' Mrs. Lane twitched on' her sunbonnet, climbed into the waggon and took the reins from her brother. ' I'm the best driver,' she laughed. ' Besides I know the horses and I know the mountains, and I'm not going to risk having my eggs spilled over a precipice. Gat up 1' John Lane sat down on a step and watched'tbem aa they drove dowp the hill and out o£ sight. Then his gaze turned to tbe green valley before him. The house was backed securely into a hillside, half-way up a spruce ridge. In front, the ground sloped away across the road and down to the spring, whence it swelled up again in beautiful, cultivated fields. Up the valley to tbe right, down the valley to the left and climbing the opposite mountain, green cropa glinted and waved in the sunshine. ' It's the best crop I've raised since I .went to farming,' remarked John Lane, with satisfaction. 'I declare, we've snapped up the best farming strip in the mountains, son.' '/ I know it,' said Sanny, sitting up in the ham mock. ' But farming's awfully hard work, pa. Why don't you stick to horses ?' ' I guess we'll stick to both,' smiled John Lane. 'You'd better tend to Prince; he's chafiag himself with that halter. Now I'm going back up the wood road,' he added, rising and stretching his long lege, ' to see how the men are coming on with the timber. You had better wait here with grandma until I come back. I tell you, I don't like the way the weather is boiling atound the mountain.' Sanny unwound his horse from tbe halter; then he went around the house and filled the woodbox for grandma. He mixed corn- meal for the newest chicks, and fed it to the downy little things from the tips of his Sogers. Then he went down the cellar and took a big drink of buttermilk to settle his dinner. ' Sanford, Sanford !' called his grandmother to him, in a frightened voice. ' Sanny rushed up-stairs. Coming out of the dark cellar, the whole world seemed ablaze. The storm brewing mountain was hoojled in b'ack, but from beneath the seething clouds buret a lurid light that ! burned over the valley with portentous glare. Chasing streaks of lightning cracked' the black J cioca-mass, ana terrinc roars or cnunaer ecnoea j from the mountain's Bides. But above them the sky was blue, and the sun shone steadily upon the I fields of waving grain. ' Did you ever see tho like !' gasped grandma. I ' It's a cloud-burst, as sure as you're born. Your mother and that crazy Will Sanford — mercy on us! Come in and shut the door ! The waters will— San- ford, Sanford 1 Where are you? Sanford! Come back, come back this minute ! Sanford!' 'Go in and shut the door, grandma,' yelled Sanny, from the gate. He had jerked Prince's halter looso; he was on the horse's back — he was off down the road. He could ride Prince as well with a halter as with a bridle. . The awful light faded out. The nspens trembled tranquilly in the sunshine that climbed the steep walls of the canon, aud the tall columbines' waved their stately beads. Sanny swept by the familiar scenes without a glance. He dug his heels into the horse, his elbows slapped bis sides, ho whooped his fiercest cowboy yell ; a cloud of dust rolled back from his horse's feet. '* Now and then Sanny gave a fearful glance over his shoulder. The canon walls cut off sight of the storm- brewing mountain, but above thei clatter of Prince's feet broke the crashing of thunderbolts, and beneath all Sanny's keen eare detected a low, continuous roflr that caused his brown face to pale. Already the slender mountain stream that; threaded tlie roadside bad risen in its bod, and wbb lashing itself to white foam. A lone man was cultivating a valley that broke from the oanon. Sanny cheeked Prince a trifle, by hard work. ' Run ! ' he yelled. ' A cloud-burst on the mountain !' The man caught up his hoe and ran. Sanny stopped at tbe lower pasture. The bronco tamers were toscing hilariously. ' A cloud burBt, a flood !' shrieked Sanny. The horse-tameia paueed, listened and whipped tfceir horses up the mountain's sides. A 'mountain schooner' crept slowly up the mountain road,- bearing a party of jolly campars. 'A fl'jod ! A cloudburst! Turn back! Drive up tho divide ! Hurry for your lives !' ' A flood !' The campers looked up at the cloud less sky und laughed. ' A flood in your eye !' they shouted; but Sanny was out of hearing, and they went gaily onwi»rd to their doom. ' Five miles from home Prince overtook the team. Sanny's mother looked back ut; the sound of hooftj; she recognised Sanny — she looked beyond him. 'A flood! A flood!' ; She pushed Will Sanford from the waggon, spraBg to the ground and gave the burses a stinging lash. She scrambled up tho mountain-sido, her brother tugging behind her. ? ! 'SanDy!' Bhe screamed.. . 1 ?' 1 ?' But Sanny and Princo had epad on. Ther had ono more message to deliver. For a week two campers had been loitering in the beautiful valley. They bad pitched their tent close to the trickling mountain stream beneath a cluster of pines, tethering their horses among the aspens. They were city-worn and weak,— men who were breathing in health and strength beforb climb ing farther into the mountains. One of them lay in a hammock, gazing into the fathomleBB blue of the eky. The other sprawled listlessly in the sun shine, watching chipmunks steal oatB from tho fodder bag. ' Have you noticed,' remarked he, ' how noisy tho brook is all of a sudden ? Why, I declare, it's full to the bridge ! It's running over. By George! y* e ve got to get ont of this ; we re going to be flooded.' 'Hi!' Au empty - waggon bounded by, the horses blind with fright. A bareheaded rider dashed across the bridge. The bridge melted away from beneath the very horse's hoofs. Behind the boy came a seething wall of water teD, twenty, — thirty feet high. 'Come!' Sanny spurred Prince up a steep mountain path. The terrified campers scrambled after him. They clung to bushes, they clutched at rocks, up, up, up! The water caught them, but one got upon a rock and pulled the other after him. The canon was narrowest here ; the rush of water mounted high ; it beat the mountainside, it tore trees, it wrenched rocks. And Sanny was beneath ; Prince had stnmbled and fallen, and the cruel wave had passed. When the 6torm-wa9hed valley looked up again at the unchanged sky, the campers found Sanny's body jammed into the fissure- of a roek. Just as they had managed to get his leaden weight down fche mountainside, hiB mother came running down the road.. She crossed the boiling stream on a fallen pine; she snatched Sanny out of the strangors' arms. ' Sanny ! Son 1' Tho men who heard that terrible cry never forgot it, nor did they forget the Bcene that followed. ' After that Bret cry of distress, Mrs. Lane collected her energies and went to wotk. She turned Sanny face downward ; she raised his body and let the water flow from his mouth. She pressed and in flated hia lungs; she bade the campers strip oil his wet garments, to slap him, to rub him, to wrap him in their own coats. William Sanford came panting down the canon. He bent over the boy : ' No use, BiBter, he's dead.' ?'No!' ejaculated Sanny's'mother. 'You'vegot brandy. Let me have it.' John Lane galloped down the road as pale as a ghost. 'Thank God!' he cried when he saw his wife. But when he saw Sanny, he dropped on his knees, shuddering' from head to foot. 'The boy is dead I Our boy is dead !' he groaned. 'John Lane,' cried his wife, 'take hold here. Do as I am doing. If you love Sanny, take hold and neip. . we've got to get the breath back into his body.' The horse-tamers galloped- down the road, -rod stood a little way off with sober faces. They had just helped to drag from the gulch above the bodies of the six foolish campers, who had gone up in the wagon. The horees and the mountain schooner had been bung by the flood twenty feet up on the mountainside. The farmer whom Sanny had warned from hie field came in a long waggon. His wife had sent blankets.. He brought them over the stream in his arms. ' Better iet me put him into the waggon and carry him home, Mrs. Lane,' said the man, with great pity. Sanny's mother lifted a grim face. ' If you think you came to carry back a corpse, go home.' For two hours and ten minutes she kept them at work. They thought her mad. Even John Lane relaxed hia effort*. But she made him work ; she made him rub, she made him give his own warmth to the boy's cold body. And at last Sanny gaBped and shuddeted. His mother cast a triumphant look around, and sank down unnerved. Bat when . the men carried Sanny to the waggon, she clambered in besidohim. ' Ma ?' murmured Sanny, inquiringly. _ 'Hush, Sanny; it's all right. You've Baved their lives, my Doy is a nero. Sanny made a siok grimace. 'If being a hero feels like this! — ' He was all right a week later, and had to accept much gratitude and other things. Seventeen people had perished under tbat awful flood. Sanny Lane had saved ten lives at risk of his own. The horse, Prince, had been oarried seven mileB by the flood, and there they bnried him. The bronco-tamers rolled a boulder over the horse's grave, and on it one of the campers whom Sanny bad saved — he was an engraver at Denver — carved the epitaph : ' Sanford Lane's 'Horse, Prince, — A Real Hero,' with a brief notice of the event. 'I wish you'd written, ' The Real Hero,'' said Sanny,. with a lump in his throat. 