, A BABY SANTA GLAUS- THE STORY OP A CHRISTMAS RECONCILIATION. RIC CHESTERTON Btood in the «J|f$ typical Englishman's altitude on C Z&JL; the hearthrug, studying its design with more earnestness than it seemed to deserve, seeing that it had occupied, exactly the same position ever since they had married, rather more than six years ago. . But he was quite free to think. Vi- vieune trusted him too absolutely to- even want to know, before he was reudy ; and was. too wise to worry him with elicitations even the most sympathetic. She was one of those few women who .can possess their souls in patience when their husbands are alio vvnci nnilA 'tlilf to Rlt Still ' in her comfortable easy chair while she thought, without whirring away those tire some knitting needles, or rustling away to .write invitations loan " At Home" in a fit of ' pique, because he wasn't talking to her. And by-and-hy he spoke. 1 I met Fortescue to-day, Vivieniie. He . saw Charlie lost week, and says he never met anyone so altered. He seems to walk thrbugh life like an nuldmatio' machine— he looks an. absolutely pulseless siatue. He never smiles. . ' Fortescue happened to call about some land transfer he- wanted, or else he hadn't seen him since he saw him off to India, end couldn't imagine what had happened. When they had done business Charlie rang tlio bell, and handed bite over to old Harris just as he would have done a stranger. But Harris knew Fortescue when we were all children together, and when he had got him safely out of earshot of Charlie's study, Fortescue says lie thought the poor old fellow would have wept on his shoulder. 'He could not do enough to provide for him, but fairly broke down when he said, ' Oh, but, Mr. Fortescue, sir—the last time you were lipre was' the night of the ball before Mr. Charles went away. And Lady Edith was here ton, so beautiful and queenly, and Mr. Charles was that proud of her he could scarcely take his eyes off hoc. And everyone said what a splendid couple they would make — they seemed to match so well. And to think that it was here— here in his own house, just where she was to lie a mistress within a year, that he should have himself introduced Lord Greystones to her. 1 ' And now, sir, more than half the house is shut up — not since he came home have we had any ladies to stay in the house even to dinner — not even the family Indies. Mr. Kenneth won't come because Mr. Charles won't see his wife. As for Christ inas — why there hasn't been a Christmas here, since the old master died. The turkeys and such-like are given away by the agent just tile same, hut as for a party — well, well, for anything or anybody in the bouse iL _ »L l._ 1.1 1-1 -C I) ib am b iv no biiuugiu ui i ' As' Fortescue says, it sretns terrible that a sorrow, however great, should he allowed not only to entirely wreck a man's career, but also to completely deaden his whole nature-r-his real self, as it were! But 1 can't think what to do ! Every effort 1 have made hitherto has been per fectly fruitless.' I don't know what we could do either, dear;' said Vivienne. ' J ust now he seems entirely beyond us. And yet. I don't know,' she went on slowly, as though thinking aloud a new idea, ' and yet, I don't kuow whether our little Esca might not perhaps succeed where' we fail. Could the most hardened misanthrope resist iter, do . you think? Or is it only 'mother blindness ' that makes mo think lief such a.darling?' This sorrow of Charlie's had been the one shadow of their married life. Until he went abroad nothing lmd ever jarred the p'erfect sympathy between the two brothers. ' Long ago, a3 little children, the big, high- spirited, .riotous Charlie, and the quiet, large-eyed youuger brolhei had been in separable, and had maintained a chumship \- to which the usual brotherly tiffs were en tirely foreign. So different, each seemed the complement of the other s nature, And when Charles went to India for a year, Eric was reading hard and success fully for the Bar, and both were engaged to two sisters as different as themselves. Ethel was queenly and altogether glori ous .iin womanly physique ; Vivienne, a little younger — a dainty, playful morsel ; distinctly, cleverly humorous beyond the average of even cultured women, yet with jrich fund of tender sympathy and earnest ' p'irpose that was always within call if not always overflowing- about insufficient matters. Then Lord Greystones hnd courted Edith and won her away from tier absent lover; He had come home as absolutely different from the Charles who sailed as could possibly be. Never even to Eric had he alluded to the dream that had vanished — the 'dream, that, discovering it to be only a dream, had so completely wrecked and shattered all the love and trust of a richly generous and impulsive nature. Too procd to accept pity, too reserved to conrt sympathy, too thoroughly a gentleman to sneer, yet at one wrench he uprooted all regard and love of woman hood. He politely declined Eric's call to his wedding; and entirely ignored the existence of his wifa — the sister of the woman who -had been faithless to him. Very rarely now did Erie and his wife allude to it betwern themselves, hut botli knew it as an ever-present sorrow, - though they recognised their impotenco to help in it, . ' How- could our Esca do it, dearest?' Eric asked. ' She's very young — scarcely five.' "Yes, I know. But she can sing her dear, little hymns through without a ghost of ' out-of-tuiieness, ; and if I could once make her understand what she had to do, I'm certain I could trust hor to do it. She has never had the slightest rebuff, ss she wouldn't feel the least shyness of it ; in deed, 1 don't think she would accept any thing as a rebuff, she is so entirely confid- iug and trustful. And her dear imagina- tive little spirit is so full just now of the Christmas Child that she would be telling her unole stories about it before he knew where he was." \- " Poor little soul 1 But what do you mean her to do, Vivienne?" " I moan her to go and be Santa Oiaus to Uncle Charlie. She shall bring him here to dinner on Christmas Day. You lunst take her to the house and then run away and .leave her, and she must do the rest. Send a note to old. Harris at the same time, to tell him what we are doing, and to let him know, exactly what to do with her supposing it should fail. But it won't fail ; I feel convinced that it won't !" Christmas Eve was clear and frosty, with snow deep enough to deaden all sound of wheels along the country lanes of . Inside a well-appointed brougham were Eric and Vivienne togetjie r with their little daughter Esca. Vivienne was womnn enough not to back out at the last moment, but she also was mother enough to very much want to. 'Not shy, my dearie, are you? Run straight in quick, and play hide-and-seek everywhere till you find Uncle Charlie, and tell him you are his Santa Claus -come to tetch him to come and look at the Santa Claus surprises you have got for him.' And, treading noiselessly the old familiar way, Daddy carried the little girlie in his arms, where she lay very comfortably, looking up at the star- spangled sky. and humming her ' Twinkle, twinkle, little star,' as she enjoyed the poetry of a night sky she very rarely saw. It was a typical Christmas sky, full of stars, heralding the birth of the Prince of Pence and the Child of Love, as He makes His holy advent every Christmas Eve in kitli- and-kin reconciliations and kindly deeds of love. Very soon Eric reached the flight of broad stone steps, and held her in his arms while he yearned to the Great Originator of Christmas to Whisper Love into the world again through the little maid that was carrying the Christmas message. Then he put her do wn by the big front door, and, taking out a latch-key that lie had never used since his wedding-day, lie opened it. very gently and lifted her into the warm, softly-lighted linll, and whisper ed quite gaily, 'Now run and find Uncle. Charlie, and give him lots of Chrisimus kisses, and these lovely violets from mother. I expect he'll- be in there,' pointing to the library door. In a moment he was round ' at the window of the butler's pantry, giving a whistle that lie knew old Harris would recognise out of a thousand. In another moment the shutters were drawn, and the window. thrown up, nnd the grey-headed old man thrust both hands through the liars, almost shouting in his excitement, Mr. Eric, dear lad?. 'Hush, Harris? Look here, my little girlie is' in the house looking for her Uncle Charlie. I've just let her in with my old latch-key. Only, Harris, for heaven's sake don't let anything frighten her ; if things go wrong send for me. I've written down hero where to find 'me, .but you needn't opan the letter unless it is necessary,, in case of Charlie asking you questions. Good-bye, old fellow f ' — and he was gone, leaving the old man rubbing his eyes, and- running his fingers through what little hair he could find, to convince himself that lie wasn't asleep — no, nor dreaming — and, finally, that it was Mr. Eric's real self, and not his ghost, Charles Chesterton was sitting in the library as usual. It was bis rule to sit there each evening from six till eight, reading and writing, and he was sitting there to-night. Why shouldn't he he? It was Christmrs Eve, of course, . but what was that to him? What should Christmas Eve throw him out of his 'regular ways? — it was nothing to him. What difference did Christmas make ? That was just- what he was asking, him self as he sat there, with his book on his knee, face downwards, for be wasn't read ing ! Christmas seemed to mean a good rlfml f.A mnat of liia mnn. hn nnlinorl tlmv had all seemed- full enough of it when he had paid them all their Saturday wages (with a little extra) on Thursday morning ; and lie had seen several of them that afternoon, shopping with their wives in the village, with parcels of such varied shape that they proclaimed emphatically that Christmas meant a good deal to them. But it didn't to him ; there was no one to make Christmas seem Christmas to him — except us far as the few paltry regulation gifts were concerned. The choristers had -been down signing carols outside his window —carols that seemed to bring hack each separate Christmas of his life in a flood of memories, ' He had sent- word down to the cook that they weie to have a good supper. And now they were gone, and the singing was over, and only an empty silence was left. And he sat there dreaming of the emptiness and the silence while .stray lines from their carols kept floating across the dream — ' A little child with a heart bo large It takes the wtiole world in.1 The door handle twisted— he was sure he was dreaming — what was that creature ? — a live snowball — a fairy — an angel — a what ? How on earth did she come ?- But there was no time to wonder more. A great rusli of bounding, pulsing life through itsolf upon a great exuberance of joy. Uncle Charlie, my Uncle Charlie, lots of Christmas kisses, and mummie sent you these.' Her arms were round his neck ; how she got up there he never knew, but there she was, smothering him with kisses, and he couldn't feel anything but soft cheek and white fur, something like a purring kitten, he thought, submitting helplessly to being choked and generally rumpled up, feeling in a. very unaccustomed fashion tiiut he was by no means master of the situation. At' last, feeling very much like a New foundland dog sliakiug a mouse, ho caught her and freed his head as he held hor out at arm's length to look at her. ' Oh, do let rue give you some more, Uncle Charlie — I've been making kisses for you all day, aud I've got lots ready,' and the two little armB kept reaching out to try and catch that big' head that would keep just beyond their reach, - ' But stop a minute. I want to look at you. Who are you? and where do you come from ? Are you a white furry mon key, or a xviiite woolly bear ? Here, stand down a minute, and let me look at you,' putting her down on bite hearth-rug in front of liiui. Even as he spoke, ha noticed that there was something the mat ter with his voice; it was not his stall, ho thought ; stern aud still and measured, but young .and (could it he?) — well, it sounded positively playful ! 'I'm not a white furry monkey, and I'm not a white woolly hear.- Mother rrvh I'm a Clirisunas onael. and I expect she gave me all tiiis white fur because my feathery wings wasn't ready. Mother says there are lots of angels, Christmas angels, and some of them does have wings and some of thorn doesn't, but they all of them have to carry messages whevver or not. ' And my mummie says I'm to give you lots of kisses and loves, and that then you're to give me some supper and put me to bed; and that you must be sure to. hear me say my prayer and sing my hymn, nnd then to-morrow you're to take me home again and have dinner, with us, and come and see my dolly's house and all the things Santa Claus has brought for mo, and all the surprises he has brought for you as well, 'cause mummie says he left all your surprises at my daddy's house for you this Christmas time, ' And, Uncle Charlie, I wnnt to know, do you think Santa Claus will come down your chimney here to bring me my sur prises, or will he forget and take thern ail to my daddy's house? 'Cause if he's coming here I had better hang up my stocking all ready for him, hadn't I? You'll show me where, won't you, iny Uncle. Charlie? Only if he forgets that I am here, and doesn't bring the surprises here for me,. I think it will bo rather dull, when I wake up, and find lie didn't come, won't it?' ' It would, indeed. But I should think Santa Claus would have sense enough to find out that you're here, and' to leave the surprises in the right place,' looking fur tively round as lie spoke to see what in the name of wonder he could find that would answer as Santa Claus surprises. ' " Have snnso enough " doesn't seem a very respectful way uo talk 'bout angels ; and Santa Claus is an angel, you know, so you'd better not offend him, or perhaps he won't bring you things and coiue and see you ; and mummie says peoples is very sure to be very unhappy that doesn't have no Christmas angels to conie and see them. But don't you fink it's time you gived me some supper, 'cause I do feel so hungry?' It never occurred to the master of the house, who. generally reigned in undis puted sway, that there .was anything to do in the matter but 'to submit to the inevi table' and accept ,the programme the baby before hita dictated. . He couldn't do any thing else, he didn't know how to ; and, as a matter of fact, he was too interested in the present to be at all curious either as to past or future. He vaguely realised that he couldn't dispute with her ; sarcasm and fiigidity were not fit weapons to fight her with, and tie was taken so unawares that lie had no time to get others : in his heart he was glad he hadn't. Ho would have fought if he had been prepared, but now lie had a justifiable reason for giv ing in. ' Yes, of course. Shall I take off that big coat? — let mo try I What a dear little snowball you look ! Did mother dress you like this on jiurpu.se to hewitch ine ?' And the big white fur pelisse and bon net (with the aureole, of wayward golden curls) and the white shoes and gaiters and gloves made her a very fascinating Christ mas Baby Angel ; but when he gently disentangled her from all her big covers, and saw her standing there in litlie white shoes and open- worked socks' and a dainty litlie white silk frock with its fluffy lace frill round the neck and its dainty pina fore, with her plump little neck and arms bare and all the bewildering tangle of curls set free, somehow, before lie knew it, he had caught her up again to take bis turn at the kissing. Aud mother would have felt rewarded for hours of stitching— each stitch stitching in a prayer and a pulie of love as she had sat long the night before trying to finish it to help forward the workings of the Christmas plot — if she could' have seen i hem then. Just then old Harris announced, "Din ner is served, sir," and for a moment Uncle Charlie felt disconcerted. Harris lifted up his hands in well-feigned astonishment, and Uncle Charlie rather sheepishly inquired" who had let the child in. "No one, sir, I'll be bound I" said the old man. " But bless me, sir; if it ain't Mr. Eric's little one— she's that like him. How did you get here, my dearie ; how did you corns?" " Mv daddy brought me, and he let me come in, and told me to come and find my Unole Charlie ; that's how I came! But now I want my' supper." "But where's your daddy now, uiy dear; where did he go ? " " Gh, he's gone home with mummie — but I do want uiy supper." " Have you any orders about her, sir?" No. She can't be sent home at litis time of night. She will have to stay I suppose." And he lifted her high on his shoulders and walked off to the dining-room. He didn't eat much dinner, for he could hardly take his. eyes off the little one beside him. He was so anxious lest he should give hor the wrong food, lest she should eat too much, lest he should give her too little. And very soon they went back to the library, and Uncle Charlie found the ' putting to bed dilemma ' confronting him with great solemnity. He consulted Harris, and finally decided on drawing a sofa close to his bed side, and making it comfortable with cushions. Harris just ventured to suggest that perhaps cook I would know how to undress her, and , would have her in bed with her, but i Uncle Charlie glowered at him, and re- j marked, ' She'll sleep with no one but me, ' t thank you.' Esca, who had been meditating quietly, with her fist , cuddling the foot of a crossed knee, thought this too hard on I j the old man, and climaxed the situation j by saying, to hiir. in a confidential aside, j ' I shall' be able to teach him, you know, j ; I daresay he'll soon learn.' The long latent sense, of humour was- aroused, and old Harris had the joy of hearing his master laugh as lie had not laughed for years, and as lie had ceased to hope ever to. hear him laugh again. At last the two men succeeded in build ing a bed that the damsel was pleased to approve, and Uncle Charlie sat down to undress her. But now the nightgown difficulty had to be settled, nnd it seemed much more serious. After various suggestions- that she promptly repudiated, Harris was dispatched to try and borrow one from the gardener's or coachman's wife, while Uncle Charlie set himself to grapple with the strings and buttons of a romp. But after awhile the little petticoats and socks were drawn, off, and she grew quiet and dreamv sitting there in his arms before the fire waiting for a nightgown. She was like a kaleidoscope to him in her quick variations of mood and manner. Now a riotous romp, smothering him with hugs and kisses ; now over-joyed with fun and mischief at his mistakes and dilemma ; now laughing with witching merriment as she made him play ' hide and seek ' with her; then snuggling close into his arms and whispering with touching wistfulness, ' Wouldn't it be nice if my daddie and mummie were here too, Uncle Charlie? ' ; then looking through him with big, rapt eyes all closed to everything but those clear visions so freely given to the pure in Heart, but only to them. Presently she insisted on his drawing the curtains and shutters, and lowering the gas, so that she could see the stars. And he roll.d her up in a big wrap and went and sat where she could lie in his arms and look out at the stars at the same time! Every moment she seemed to grow tenderer and sweeter, and presently she knelt up on. his knee, and putting her arms round his neck, began to say her prayer — ' Pray God, bless my dear daddie and mummie, and my baby brother, and my Uncle Charlie, and—.' right on to for 'kind friends,' and ' little children,' and ' poor people, all the doggies and dicky-birdics,' etc. " A little child with a heart so largo. It takes the whole world in," came floating across his memory again out of the carol the choristers had been sing ing, and at all events it made him feel warmer to know that there was room for him in the little child's big heart. ' My U ncle Charlie, I want you to show me which is the ' Guiding Star.' ' He was getting into a confusion about Christmas angels and Christmas stars and Christinas children. He thought within himself that he was holding the ' Guiding Star ' in his arms. ' Now, shall I sing my hymn about the Christmas Baby Boy ?' And quite trite and steady the little voice began and held on its way through the dear old carol — " Come to the manger of Bethlehem ; A sweet child lies therein. A holy child come down to oarth To save the world from sin. A little child with a heart so large . It takes the whole world io. "But the heart of the world is far too small To take in that little child ; It sends Him away ; there is no room For His face, so sweet and mild. . They would turn Him out if they only could To the storms so rude and wild. " Come to the manger of Bethlehem ; Never mind the frost and tho snow. We will think of tho child, arid the thought of Him Shall warm us as wo go. We will kiss His holy hands and foet " Almost as she sang the last lines' in her quaint baby's voice little Esca fell asleep. . Somehow the anger and the bitterness died out of Charles Chesterton's heart as he sat there gazing out into the Christmas night with that baby heart pulsing warmly against his in its quiet sleep. He found there was love in his heart after all ; he had thought it crushed out for ever, but it was still there, and where love is God is ; for love is God, and'where love is there is the power to forgive, Aye, even Lord Greystones and the woman who had broken her troth to him. Presently old Harris came back bring ing the borrowed nightgown that belonged to the gardener's little girl, and Uncle Charlie said, ' You can bring my coffee up here— I shan't come down to the library again.' ' ;. And the old man left him to nurse the sleeping child — to dream out his dreams, and to fight out his battles. And when the midnight bells chimed out, . they chimed on the old, old story told anew of ' Peace on oarth,' goodwill among men. Presently she stirred, and Uncle Charlie had to learn by experiment how to put a baby into a nightgown. But he did it successfully, and laid her down- in her improvised bed, and hunted up Santa Claus surprises ready for the morning. Not very long after, he had just settled down himself, but was still awake wonder ing if the child was sleeping properly, when he felt something scrambling about his bed, and, finding the whereabouts of his face at last, two little hands pulled at the clothes to make a way in, and the little voice whispcrod, '. My Uncle Charlie, I think I feel lonely hero all by mysolf, I think I should be nicer in your big bed.' By no means unwilling, he helped her to find the way in, and she snuggled down in his arms, saying, 'There, now, that's nice and comfy." Have you seen Santa Claus come yet, my Uncle Charlie? ' and went to Bleep till morning. Christmas morning dawned. And Uncle Charlie woke to find his little Christmas angel dancing round and round the three sides of the big bed brandishing a tall peacock's feather in each hand, and shouting, 'I'm so happy, I'm so happy,' to a little tune of her own ' imposing,' the i little bare toes keeping up a pas de seul of I their own, that was none the less fascinat ing because it was untutored. And much was the rioting and romping before either the man or the little child were ready for I the breakfast old Harris had set ready. I And after breakfast they went home, and Vivienne and Eric had tact enough | to take it all as a matter oi course, and in all the fun and frolic of the children's I ' merry Christening ' Unele Charlie 1 seemed to slip back into his old self. | After tea, when it was getting near the snowball's bedtime, he asked Vivienne to sing the" old carols again. 1 And Eric.and Vivienne were' satisfied ! with the full fruition of their plan. 