East ffi£iir3Dmgjff©B*d!. Punt Ferry Service. — The East Oarl- ? ingford Progress Association are still ' pogging away ' at the Government to bring about the opening up of the road through Mr. Terry's and Mrs. Darvall's properties with, a view to increasing the facilities for using the Eyde fei-ry punt as a means of communication between this dis and tho Western suburbs. The popularis- ? ing'of this route would mean a groat deal to LUOOUUiqbLii-int t*UU LL1U UULUUUL UUL it LOU ULHUtS would benefit quite as muoh, if not more, than the municipalities concerned. Eailway Improvements. — Some impor tant improvements to the railway lino in the vicinity of East Carlingford nro in contem plation by the Eailway Oommissionera. Surveys havo already been made, and the work will be commenced at an early date. The line is to be considerably raised at the culvert just bolow tho East Carlingford Eailway Station, and lowered on the hill nearer the station. Technical Classes.— Under the watch ful eye of the East Carlingford Progresa Association, slow but steady work. is being done with a view to the formation of a f ree- nana arawing class in tne district. Already some eight or ten residents have given their assurance that they will become members of the class, and it is not apprehended that there will be auy difficulty in enrolling a suficient numbor o£' names to guarantee the average attendance required by the Technical Branch of the Education Depart-, ment. In that evont instruction at a mere nominal cost to oaoh mombor of the class will bo given by a- competent master ap pointed by the Department, most likely Mr. A. Collingridgo, the well knov'- artist, who has been domiciled in Eyde l jr verv . many years. Dickens' Christmas Cauols. — ?: Mr.. Walter Hibble *h;is consented to recite in St. Alban's Church noxt Wednesday even-, ing Charles Dickons' Christmas story ' Harly's Ghost,' and the racital is to ba* illustrated right through by m^ans of Mr Hilliard's powerful acetj leue gas lantern. At intervals during tho ovoning some goodt musical items are tn bo reudorod. Thieves. — Sumo thieves have stolen some of Mr. Thomas Ehode's Spanish onions from his garden. Mr. Ehodos' has found a good briar pipo amongst his onions which can bo obtained from him on tho owner giv ing satisfactory reasons for its being amongst them. 