Diocese of Port Augusta. CONFERENCE AND SYNOD AT PETERSBURG. A conference of the clergy of the Diocese of Port Augusta, under the presidency of the Right Rev. Dr Maher, the Bishop, was held at St. Anacletus' Presbytery, Petersburg, on Tuesday afternoon, the 28th ult. The business was a practical discussion of the decrees of the Plenary Councils of Sydney, of 1885 and 1895. On Wednesday morning, 30th ult., the Bishop and clergy re-assembled at 9.30 at the Presbytery, and, preceded by the altar attendants, went in procession to St. Anacletus' Church. On the way the hymn "Veni Creator Spiritus" was sung, followed by the chanting of Psalms 80, 83 and 86. The Bishop was then vested in the pontifical cope and mitre and other vestments proper to assist at the High Mass coram episcopo. The deacons at the throne were the Very Rev. R. Doyle (Carrieton) and the Rev. S. Karlinger, S. J. (Jamestown). The celebrant of the High Mass was the Very Rev. J. H. Norton, V.G., (Petersburg) and the Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., (Georgetown) and Rev. T. O'Connor (Port Pirie) were the deacon and sub-deacon, respectively. The Rev. J. O'Mahony (Port Augusta) was the master of the ceremonies. The choir of the Church, with Miss Brady as organist and Mr A. Malycha as director, sang Bordese's "Messe Solennelle" in a very devotional and pleasing manner. Miss Brady and Miss Gillespie interpreted the principal solo portions of the Mass. At the conclusion of the High Mass—at which, from the beginning of the day's ceremonies, a very large congregation of the faithful devoutly assisted—the Bishop intoned the antiphon Exaudi, which was followed by the chanting of the 68th Psalm, after which some other prayers were solemnly recited by the Bishop. The Litany of the Saints was then chanted by the Very Rev. J. H. Norton, V.G. and the Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., the Bishop and clergy being prostrate on bended knees before the altar, the faithful being in like attitude in their places. The Litany ended, the gospel from St. Luke ix, was solemnly sung by the deacon Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., after which the Bishop, kneeling before the altar intoned the hymn "Veni Creator Spiritus which was taken up by all the clergy and sung throughout, imploring the Holy Ghost to bless and guide the deliberations of the Synod. The special business of Synod then began, and was concluded with the episcopal blessing in time to allow the clergy to return to their respective missions in the afternoon. Besides the rev. clergy already named the following also took part in the Conference and Synod, viz., the Revs. C. Haendl, S.J., A. Kristen, S.J. (Burra), E. A. Mulcahy (Hawker), W. Doyle (Port Pirie), P. Carroll (Pekina), and M. Ward (Petersburg). It should be mentioned that the decorations of the altar and sanctuary, and the Bishop's throne were very tastefully executed by the good Sisters of St. Joseph and reflects great credit on them. 