In nfcHif teLOR. ? «ThB olfl'yerf bas 'gone ttettd,' *e ? motif ito- wwAw- . . H I'lHetniHi of that assertion may ? be*neirti(m-d»otteBryed tbeOynio, ? -i),)jt Its originality is above ans ^m 'It lBu I ovoijuuujr tvuu van I be OTginai,?' -said Jim theliuqey B mapaBiiimduely. ?? , ? ?- That's Woe,' observed the Bnttb H Editor, 'originality is first cousin H io genina ;? and we all know what H genius iseoiolosely allied to,' H 'The people who are so fonfi of H iuoting that ancient wheew,' said ? tbe Philosopher, 'remind me of ? the for. »nd the grapes.' ? 'TeB,11 said the Poet, 'Like thiH': B k conunonplaoe fox - some fowls espied, ? And -when he oouldn't catoh r«m on H the hop | ? BiMi 'Fowte'RBd madnets are so dose ? aUku, ? I wouldn't tonoh 'em with a Winky ? wr ?..,.'. ? And ever since tjiat fox turned up ? bis nose at what he oonldn'tpb Htein. the -wpfld has worshipped ?oommon place and has thrown the H ooatnmelions fitone at ffenins.' ? 'Quite right,' Bftid Jim the H[mney ;' spine girls threw stones H at me the other day.' ? 'GirlB,' exclaimed the Barmaid, H«Girls throwing fitoneB.' ^m , 'Yes, cherry stones,' replied Jim H the Lnney,'with cherries attached.' B * * * ^M Did any of you ever see an old E^^ it's ghost f' enquired the Pub her. 'No P I thought not Well, H I claim that fact as a proof that the ^B old year never dies; the new year ^m is simply the old year reincarnated,' ^B ' Good tbeosophy, bnt bad phito ?Jeopby, that,' commented the Dis H agreeable Han. 'To preach the ?J doctrine that each year isn't a brand ?Jsew one would promote suicide. ^?The only thing that keeps the ?I world alive is a belief in change, ?flwerlasting change.' H 'Especially small ohange,' oh ?J served the Punster. H 'To pat it metrioally,' said the ? Poet— ?J The world you'll send to smash ?? If a cog yon disarrange i ?? Th« smaller ohange means crash, ?? Tet erery cog's a change. ?B Tins paradoxes queer ?? Unle river, plain, and range | ?? The fossils shake with fear ?? At whupen of a change. ^B Forgetful that the Truth ?H Is always passing strange ; ?? That worlds retain their youth, BB Per medium of change. ?I 6o let the ancient fools ?? Go perish with the mango, ?? No more they'll make our rules, HI And rob us of our change 1' ?B 'That rhyme is more political ?Bf ban poetical,' remarked the Land ?lord. ?? 'And more doggerel than either, ?fl added the Snub Editor. ?J 'Crashed again,' murmured the ? Poet. ? ? ? ? ? ? ?J ' GboBt Btories are always inte ?J resting,' said the Oraole. ?J 'Depends on the telling,' re ?J marked the Cynic. ?£ 'Right,' rejoined the Oracle. ?I ' Taste this, sent me by a valued ?J correspondent : — ?I Science hasn't yet satisfactorily ao ?? oounted for the disappearance of King ?? Billy's head as the last of his bribe lay ?? lately looked in the hospital morgue. ?? Not bae anybody explained the mystery ?? of the ghostly prisoner who used to ?? haunt the old NurseB1 Home. This ?B ghost carried on undisturbed until a ^?j rise Government turned the building in ?? to a polioeoffloe.thus following out the na ?H tionnlpolioy of adding to the unemployed. ?? Hisghostship took hiB eviotion seriously ?? to heart. After wandering aimlessly ^?j through the city and appearing at sundry ?? times and divers plaoes to oitiEens of fall ?? seven-vote reBpeotability, he became so BB rednoed is condition that he died ; that ?? is, be lost hie ghosthood and beoame ?? only the skeleton of a ghost mid codings ?fl on. Having been respectably brought ?? up and coming of a highly moral family, ?? he couldn't dream of going about in that ?? undressed state, so began to rnmmage ?? the city offices with a view to finding a ?? cupboard wherein to hide. After many ?? night*' fruitless eearoh, meeting with all ^?j nuiner of insults from old- established ?? ueletona, who claimed vested interests ?? nd prior rights in their respective cup ?? wards, heartsick and sorrowfal, he at ?? Jjogth found an nnocoupied shelf in the ?? -Iraasuret'e financial oupboard ; and joy I ?? Were in one corner was Fyth'e ghostly ?? «»tpluB in whioh he could wrap himseU. ?? ae apparition, likes his quarters very ?? JcU, but the last time our spirit circle ? ffrd from him he expressed a fear ? .'w £ vsb's deparmre might lead to an ? investigation in the cupboard; and he ? «l!fed ub to keep ' the Tasmanian mob ' ? ntiin disturbing his rest.' I ? * * ? )' I can tell yon a trne story,' ? eaid the Barmaid, 'whether you I M1»t,agho8t yarn or not doesn't ? matter. Bound at the hospital, I ™he» my sister is nurse, two of ? we sirls Wfire at work on thB bal. | «ny one afternoon when they^w a death- watoh on the wall. One of the girls let fly at the nnoanny visitor with her duster, but the .in sect dodged the blow and flew into the ward through an open window, and took np its position over the bed of one of the pa,^nls. Then the nurses began a hunt after that death-watch. Atbreateniug broom upraised to braBh the iuBeot into pblivion only succeeded in making it fly transversely to the other side of the ward, where it roosted oom Followed up by the superstitious huntresses it flew off down the whole length of the ward and watched its, pnrsnera . from directly above the head of a third patient. Routed from there it flew to a spot on the ceiling immediately above a fourth bed ; then back to «nmber one, number two, number three, and number fonr; round and sound, baokwardB and forwards; whenever disturbed it dodged to one of the fonr beds, ard actually seemed to know what devioes would be re sorted to to get rid of it. That in sect outwitted the nurses every time and eventually ttiey left Mr. Death watch master of the situation. The patients in the ward rather enjoyed their view of the hunt, and those who weren't too sick smiled. The four patients particularly honored by the visitor, laughed heartily at the snperstitions of the girls. Within a fortnight those four, and those four only, had crossed ' the mystic line '; and the death-watoh hxsn't been seen in that ward einoe.' 'Merely a coincidence,' com mented the Scientific Man. ' Perhaps so,' replied the Bar maid, bnt what about this, also on the authority of a hospital nurse : SUe was passing through No. 3 ward ope night when a patient called and asked her if she had heard any knocking at the head of his bed. Presuming - that he was nervous she tried to induce him to go to sleep, and told him he shouldn't enoonrage such silly notions. ' LiBten 1 Listen I' he .ex claimed suddenly. 8he obeyed, and, tnnoh to her surprise, she heard three distinct taps repeated several times on the wall quite close to where s --e sat. The wall was bo sitnated and constructed that there was no way of accounting for the knocks. Striving to hide her trepi dation she tried to soothe tne patient to sleep, but he was wide awake, not at all feverish, and in his turn tried to reassnre the nnrse. Eventually she bade him good night and passed on, Before morn ing broke three of the patients in No. 3 ward died, two of them qnite unexpectedly. The man who hehrd the knocks wasn't one of the three.' ' How does our scientific friend aoconnt for that P' asked the Sun day Man. 'Ratal' replied the Scientific Man. # ? ? 'The insufferable arropanoe of eelf -elected perrons has onw again been hoiated into evidence,' re marked the Political Kiokster. 'The chief official of a certain town ? ' 'A. Frenbh town?' interrupted the Sporting Man. 'Well, t daresay the official may be described as Prenoh,' replied the Political Kickster. ' But the members of the deputation that re cently waited upon him say he has the manners of a Hottentot. The deputation wanted to point out that certain oity by-laws were unfair to their particular calling and should be redressed. All the time the spokesmen of tia party were speak ing trhe Great I Am kept np a run ning fire of oommentatory and con demnatory grunts, and otherwise behaved like a converted gentle man.' ' A converted gentleman ? What do you mean ?' asked the Insignifi cant Man, ' One who was originally out ont for a bushranger, but was hnrriedly converted into a gentleman to meet the unprecedented demand. The converting was done by contract, and non-union workmen did the rest.' ' But didn't he promise to ' con sider' the request of the deputa tion P' asked the Canvasser. ' Yes ; but not until he had un neoessarily reminded the petitioners that as he was now master of the situation, whioh some of them might have been had they only been clever enongh, he intended to see that the by-laws were con structed to suit his ideas, not theirs. Or words to that effect.' ' That was fairly strong;,' ad mitted the Snub Editor ; ' but it is only another exhibition of the spirit which so successfully dominates whata certain departing functionary insulted as ' the Tasmanian mob.' If the ' mob ' wasn't such a hopeless ass as to worship these converted gentlemen, the ' mob ' wouldn't be oalled hard names. That's all.' ? ? * ' The everpresent Deadhead has been distinguishing himself in a new role,' remarked the Publisher. ' Do you refer to the parliamen tary deadhead P' asked the Worm. ' No , to the Press ditto on this occasion. A very yonng member of daily paperdom during the holidays got knocking around a bit with the boys, and was led astray.' 'Nonsense,' eaid the Sporting Man. 'No ordinary citizens could possibly lead a press man astray.' ' On the same prinoiple that it's bard to spoil over ripe eggs, I pre sume,' said the Sporting Man. ' Well, that's as it may be ; but the highly moral pressman is very yonnir, and his views of life have hitherto been limited by the bonudaries of Tasmania. More over, certain purlieus of the city of Hobart had never come within hie ken, older and more experienced press men in the office always hav ing chronioled the doings iu shady places So it happened that whin the raeiry party, of whioh oar iii illBffffiB»AlsVWMfeiff#fttsTflfM^'lf!fffffffffr:ii young friend was a member pn a recent holiday nigb,t, proposed a visit to Ellen Terry House the man with the pencil innocently agreed. Somehow he was given to under stand tbat this mysterious Ellen Terry House was a sort of Bohe mian Club where on that particular night some private theatricals and tableau vivanta were to be indulged in. On nearing the door of the mansion the sound of music and revelry issuing therefromloonfirmed tbe impression of oar yonng scribe. The little party gained admission one by one and in a secret sort of manner. The press man was last to enter, but the n gligently ap parelled nymph who admitted him started back in surprise. 'Are you sure you haven't made a mis take, sir P she inquired. ' Oh no,' replied the visitor, with the nanal assurance of the profession. ' But yon haven't given tbe password !' exclaimed the lady. Promptly the unabashed youth replied : ' I repre sent the press, madame, and have come to see tbe tableau vivants. The press goes everywhere, you know,' he added, as the lady didn't seem satisfied with tbe password and wore a worried look. ' My friends will explain,' continued the reporter, looking round for his erst while companions Bat the boys had disappeared through adjacent passages, and the poor Roribe couldn't even toll the lady their names. He began to feel a bit fool ish, and when the lady called : 1 Alioe ! Kate ! Maud ! Gladys ! come here !' and fonr or fire frizzy haired, scantily-clothed living pic tures came rushing down stairs in answer to tbe call, he realised that some horrid mistake had been made, and this was no place for a respectable reporter of a highly moral journal. 'My dear little girls,' said the lady, ' here's a gentleman of the press wants to see our tableau vivants ; shall we admit himP 'We always welcome the Preei 1' chorused the girls, pirouet ting ai*)und the startled youth like animated cigarette card picures. Bnt, blnshing to the roots of his hair, and qnite forgetting his man ners, he made a rush for the street door and managed to escape, like Joseph of Caanan, leaving a portion of bis raiment behind him, not ne cessarily for publication, bnt as a guarantee of good faith.' ' It was very wrong of his com panions to inveigle him into tbe residence of a private family in that manner,' said the Barmaid. ' Yen, it wasn't a gentlemanly aotion by any means,' agreed the Sporting Man. Thus the Eaqle, Queenland's most truthful paper : — ' The invasion ot Charters Towers by moBquitoes eo early in the season makes us shudder with apprehension at the torture before us' We got moBquito-curtains put up on our little bed, bnt they were ubbIbss. TVo stalwart insects held the curtains up while the rest stepped in on the bed and tried to strangle the writer. 'Mrfaoe is your fortune,' said the wild cat mine to the prospeotor. ' I'll not upoilit with powder/'replied the pros pector, ^ 