BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. . HE SOLD ONE BOOK ALL RIGHT. BUT HE WAS PROMPTLY DIS- CHARGED. "I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent," said the head member of a book agency. "We had got out an expensive religious book and had advertised for agents to handle it. Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned that he could. " 'Very well.' said I, ' I'll see what you can do. Take this book and consider that I am. your intended victim. The price of the book runs from 2dol to 4dol, but you you must always endeavor to 6ell the highest-priced edition, although it is no "disgrace if you only, succeed in selling the cheaper kind. If you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go a- head.* "He took the book, fumbled it awkwardly, and then stammered: " Ye don't wanter buy a book, do ye, mister?* "I smiling answered that I did not. " 'Better buy one,' said he. Til sell it to ye pretty cheap.' " 'Get out of here!' I yelled, pretending to be mad "Don't you see that sign, "Book Agents Not Wanted"?' " Til let ye hev one for 4dol. mister, seein* it's ye," said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. " 'I'm afraid' 1 began. " 'Four dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. "I didn't like the look of all these war- Ike proeeedings.and declared the test off. But he refused and gave me three minutes to 'dig up' the price of the book. "While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. "I didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying something about a book be would sell me •powerful cheap.' "To save my life I reluctantly consented to take one of the 2dol. kind. He said he was sorry but he only sold the 4doL kind. "He allowed me to get one hand loose; and I produced 4dol, whereupon he released me, and wanted to know how soon he could go to work. I kept my word, and hired. him; sent him as far west as I could, and then dis- charged him by wire."— '"Detroit Free Press." 