SOUTH SEA CANNIBALS. MURDER O9F A CUTTER'S CREW. THE VESSEL DESTROYED. FIRE AT SHORTLAND ISLADNS. Sydney, January 31. The steamer Moresby arrived this morn- <*> ing, after a cruise through British New Guinea and New Britain. The Moresby has brought news regarding, a massacre by natives, and the punishment ot Xae ring leader. The Sea Ghost, a 16 ton cutter, vrsus recently chartered for the island trade. She was in charge of Captain Kolshorn, and the other members of her crew con sisted o'£ half a dozen natives recruited in Bismarck Archipellago. The cutter sailed under the German tricolor, and on leaving her headquarters, made for tha German Solomon Islands. It was at one of these islands, called lSuka, tvat the tsca Ghost made her first, call, and she had hardly reached the anchorage before there was an attack on tiie crew by the shore natives. Sine natives as usual )>ut off from the shore iii canoes, -but in his anxiety to keep ths vessel clear of dangerous reefs, the captain had not noticed that they were swarming on. board the cutter. Captain Kolshorn was. descending the rigging when the attack ■was made. It was a complete surprise for him, and being unarmed he had no pos sible chance of defending himself. He fell mortally wounded on the deck, his body being horribly butchered. Four of the natives made a desperate fight, but the odds wen: considerably against them, and they were soon, overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some means managed to escape. Meanwhile the vessel had been run ashore, and having been looted of everything of value she was destroyed. The captain s body had beenjtbrown overboard, and the remains ot foar of.the native crew were taken to a village for a cannibalistic feast. A report of the lnassacre reached New Britain in due course, and a punitive ei !>edition, in cliarge of Judge Schnee, visited the scene and succeeded in capturing the native who was the ringleader in the at-! tack on the unfortunate crew of the cut ter. He wa-s duly tried before Judge Sclinee, and condemned to be banged. The execution was expected to take place shortly after the Moresby left for Sydney. Another item of news brought by the Moresby was the destruction by fire of a store containing 80 tons of copra, at the Shortland Islands. The store, which was owned by Mr. Tindall, is supposed to have been set on fire by natives. Enquiries were being made with a view of bringing the culprits to justice. 