Story of a Haunted Yacht. A seasonable ghost story is (says the West minister Gazelle) to hand from the Clyde in the shape of a narrative published by the Glasgow Weekly Mai1., which bas a steam yacht for its locale. Curiously enough, the nanjp of the ynclit is not given ; but this does not detract from the thrilling and un canrjy character of the occurrence as narrated bv our veracious contemnorarv. A month ago, we read, the yacht in question was anchored iu Bothesay Bay, when one of the bands was hrowned at that cold, eerie hour known as ' the turn o' the night.' The skipper and another man joined the yacht next day. The hand who had wrought along with the man had taken another situation. Just a night or so after they joined the vessel they were startled in their bunks by hearing eeven distinct knocks in the forecastle. They looked out, examined the yacht, and finding nothing to account for the weird sounds were mystified. The knocking continued : then after a while it stopped, bat from the sensational incident, for they wera the only two persons on board, they sat up and wondered what the sounds could have been. A night or two afterwards'' two gentlemen were on board at the same hour when the rapping and rattling amongst the pots commenced, and one of them shouted over to where the skirjDer and engineer were resting, 'Were you knocking, captain %' The yacht was ordered by its owner to sail to the Kyles, where it is used every day by a gen tleman and bia party. The two men are left on board at night. The other night at 12, J 5 the knocking began, and, to their horror, the lid of a pol was flung at them, ' and struck the ladder between their beds. ' In the name of God, what are you?' shrieked the captain. ' Speak, I say 1 speak I If you want any thing make a sign V That instant the noises ceased. The lid of the not, it is said. could not have fallen off, as it was on ythe pot when seen last. Next morning the sounds commenced at the self-same hour, and lasted the usual time, till after 1 o'clock. The noises resemble a poker being hit on a grate, and then the sound of bare feet hurry ing along the deck overhead. There were no traces of rats on board. The two men think ing that the ' spook' might be concerned about some belongings, searched the yaoht through and through, but came upon neither money nor anything else. The captain is said to be a seaman of proved oourage, a life abstainer, ' a t regular churchgoer when at horns, and not superstitious, The Cheshire oounty oounoil has issued regula tions stating that all men employed by them should be members of «ome one or other of the well established friendly societies. All workmen who become members of these eooieties are to receive an additional 6d a weeUon their waget, and no new workmen will be employed by the oouncll who do not belong to a friendly soolety. 