A FELLOW'S SISTER, COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. ' by LADY GILBERT. . COPYRIGHT. J HE was adorably fresh and fair, with iji mL faint flush of roses on her cheeks, €"f and velvety black -vwlfijjffi-. eyes in which shono at this moment a mim gleam. Her (Js dress, long waves 4 fjgp j» and lines of white satin, was hold back by a little </jj_ \ clenched lmud as she gazed intently at the door, so intently that she did not hear the name of the man who was introduced to her. " I fear I am in the way. You are expect ing someono." 41 1 am watching for Lord Steeplechase. ' 44 Ho would bo awfully flattered." 41 No, he wouldn't. I came bore to make him feel ashamed of himself— to have my revongo !" "Oh!" 44 He taught our Frank to bet ; led him to destruction. Ho can got out of it because ho is a millionaire. How dare ho meddle with our only boy ?" 11 1 don't think he is so bad. I know him, and- " " I do not know him. I have never seen him. I don't want to know bim. You are right to defend your friend. But he is ray enemy. Yes, he did what I have said. Thcro are only mother and I, and Frank, and wo are poor ninco father died. Oh, you look at my fine dress , but aunt gavo it to rac, and after to-night I shall ncveg wear it again. I nin going home to-morrow. I would not stay in your London to bo tho Queen, where such things happen, and everybody laughs. Uncle brought Frank up to London and got him an openiug for life ; and all would have gone well only for that detestable Lord Stecplo- chase. Frank got into trouble and lost his post, and hud to be sent awuy." 44 But—" "There isn't the ghost of a 4 but. Ruin is the ouly word in the language. There is auntie looking for mo, and I. shall havo to go home without, seeing Lord Steeplechase. What should I lmve said to him? Perhaps what I havo said to you, or worse. Our dunce? I forgot. But I am not in dancing humour. A nice thimr to danco and Frank in disgrace, and mother breaking hor heart at home. I didu't come here to dance, only to —Oh, that I were a man ! Wouldn't I whip the crouturo or fight him. Bur I'm nothing hut a scolding girl — not oven a new woman. Dou't sneer at them, pleuse. They're often very useful in the family when tho men turu out badly. But I'm not even good for as much as that. I'm of tho oldest of old woman-kind I don't even ride a cycle, for mother and I havo hud to give up nearly everything to try and pay some of Frank's debts. What wouldu't I givo to bo able to make money and put Frank on his feet again. Thar, monster has piles of it, and ycr. ho could not bo satisfied without ruining our only boy. Hero is auntie, and I shall havo to say good-night to you. It was vory good of you to listen to my scolding, and not to bo cross about losing your dance. And £ dou't even know your iiume." 'My name is' of no consequence, and I don't mind the dance I'vo been awfully interested iu what you've beeii saying." 44 1 suppose you don't want to be acquainted with such an ill tempered person. Auntie says that when I get on that subject I'm a perfect shrew. And it's worse, of course, when it's to a stranger. However, I'm going homo to the country to-morrow, and so it does not matter about ballroom acquaintances and what Londou people think of me. All.tUo same, you've been very patient and kind." 44 Will you givo mo a spray of your flowers as a reward ? A lily of the valley. Thanks. Most typical and sweet. I swear on this blossom to have it out with Lord Steeplechase." 44 Oh!" Sho is swept away in tho crowd towards tho staircase. Frank's sister had been three weeks at home, aud the day is a mellow day in Juno. ThegruHR in the grove iu lush and long, the old mossy lawn is green, the shadows of the uewly-folirtged trees are warm with the near ness of the sunshine. She is dressed in calico, with a Japanese untrimined hat. White satin is very well in a ballroom, but the blackbirds who peck about her with their gold bills would not know her in such attire. Sho was tying up the Gloirc rose iu nn arch of purple clematis. The pretty cottage house, with its trellises that front the luwn, shows no sign of fife. She is alone, and ber thoughts arc running on her imprudent conduct at that bull on the evo of her coming home from London. 4 4 4 1 hope you did not really say all that to your partner, my dear,' said auntie, 4 and I am thiuikful you did not moet Lord Steeple chase.' And I had not tho courage to insist on telling her all I said to that young man whom 1 did not dance with. She would have been shocked, and it was horribly bad taste — such an exposure of our family affairs. I was t oo excited at the moment to see it in that liirht. However, us I did not catch his numc, probably he did not hour initio and is quite ignorunV of our identity. I can't believe ho is a friend of Lord Steeplechase — not an intimate one— he had such kind blue eyes, and looked sometimes so merry, and then so grave and sympathetic over my troubles. It is quite certain that I shall never see him again, for nothing will induee me to return to that wicked and cruel Londou, and all lie knows of whore I live 4 in tho country,' is about as vague us Lord Dundreary's brother's uddress in his letter, 4 America.' But if alt tho men iu tho world were only like him !" A maid crosses the lawn with a letter, and hands it to ber. From Frank !" she 'opens and rends. 44 Dear old girl,— -You will be ao jolly glad to hear some imod news uc Inst of vour no'cr- do-well. Lord Steeplechase 1ms got me un awfully swell appointment which will miike the people sit up that have beon down on inc. Not only that, but he has paid all my debts, because he says bo is responsible, as having boon the cause of my imprudence! But don't believe a word of that, for ho hud really nothing to do with it. He seems to be awfully fond of mo. To think of a follow like me boing so captivating. If I had boon a girl -now; but ttteeplcuhuRe never cares for girls. How ho manages it I don't know, I'm sure, for thore's a lot of awfully pretty ones going about at present. By the way, ho says he met you somewhere, and ho asks me to take him down with me to ——shire, and introduce him properly. I may ask him to coino some day, aud I hope you will receive him dncoiitly." And tbut reminds mo I am coming at oueo with a mutual friend of his and mine. You may expect us at auy moment. Toll tho mater to cheer up." Frank's sister folds tho letter, aud stands listening to a blackbird whioh sends forth an occasional soft whistle from the flowering chestnut trees. 44 It is a world of miracles," she reflects. 44 Lord Steeplechase turning out our bono- faotor. Where did he moot me, I wondor ? I suppose he was afraid to got introduced. Wheels ! Can Frank ba arriving?" Two masculine figures emerge from tho trees. 44 Why, it is tho friend of Lord Steeplechase whom 1 talked to at tho hall. I am so glud." 44 Dear old Frank !" 44 Dear old woman! How's the mater? Did you got my letter? This is my best friend, aud also tho friend of Lord Steeple- chase." She looks dopreoatingly at the friend while giving her hand. 41 1 hope you have forgotten oil I said to you that night. I was uupardonably severe, it seems ou a third person." 44 Were you? I think not, if you ask my candid opinion." " At all events the person in question baa behaved nobly since, and this wild boy doolarcs-tbat I was wrong all the time, and that Lord Steeplechase was innocent. He is more ;hun innocent now, he is heroic." 44 May I tell bim so P" 44 Certainly. Ho has been shooklngly treated — at least if he knew— bat unless you told him— did you ?" 44 1 always keep my owu secrets." 44 But that was hardly your own." 44 1 made it u personal matter." 44 1 am deeply obliged to you. Ho has done wonderful things for Frank. Too muoh, I think. If J. wore my brother X would not accept it all." 44 What's that you are saying about me, my lady independence ?" 44 That Lord Stcepleohuso ought not to be allowed to pay your debts." That's my affair. Here is the mater. Dour old mater, vour prodigal son has oouio back. Why, how pale you look, aud as sliaky as—" My boy, my boy, you havo nearly killed mo !" 14 Not a bit of it. I am poiug to make the fortuue of the family. Lord Steeplechase The mother shrieks: "That monster — do not name him ! Only for him my son would hold an honoured position." Frank's sister puts her hand lightly on her mothor's lips, 44 It has all beon a mistako Frank's deeds must lie on his own head. Even he " "Even ho !" cries Frank. 44 Hear how a fellow's Bister talks of him !" 44 He himself has told me that Lord Steeplechase has got him a flue appointment, and wishes to pay his ciebrs, though ho had nothing to do with incurring them." 44 Unnatural girl ! You muk littlo of your brother and extol the wretch who " 44 Mother, there is a stranger present. Take her aside and talk to her, Frank, and , make her understand. Sho has been very ill, aud anxious about you. Sleepless nights have told on her. The whole thing is so entangled. First we are told that Lord steeplechase is a fiend, and now that he is an angol." "The fiend business was uncle's doing. Ho jumped to conclusions." 44 Well, if the fiend has really turned out an augcl — mind, we only havo it on, your word — ' " 44 The word of a harum-scarum, but not a li " 44 Hush— sh J Ttiko mother round tho lawn —see how sho weeps — and culm her, and persuade her of your good news." 44 And leave you to entertuiu Lord Steeplechase? Excellent. Ta-ta! I'm off. Mother, take my arm, and let mo tnko you for a quiet turn." 44 Steeplechase !" She looks after the retreating mother and sou, and then at the 44 mutual friend" who has drawn a stop nearer to her. 44 You are Lord Steeplechase ?" "Foririve— " 44 Oh!" She struggles with her oonfusion for a few moments. 44 You Raid you wore only Lord Steeple chase's friend." 44 Not ouiy his friend. Sometimes a man is his own worst euemy. But Lord Steeple chase has come to Frank's sister to say that he feels as she wished him to feel, ashamed of himself, for he had sumo involuutary share in Frank's delinquencies." 4 1 am glud it was involuntary. You are older than Frank." 44 And to allow her to have her revenge." 44 How?" 44 By sending him out of her presence." 44 You would bo glad to go— or you ought to he." 44 Going will be banishment from a new found joy and hope." Silence. Then sho says : 44 But evcu if I were inhospitable you could not start at once, on so warm a day, without a cup of tea." Tho maid appears, bearing the tea equipage, 44 And it is so far to the railway station, and your horses must be tired," Ho produces, handling it very tenderly, a faded spray of lily of the valley. 44 May I wear this?" Frank approaches tho tea-table, saying that the utater does not feel equal to seeing Lord Steeplechase again this eveniug, but 1 she is likely to have a good night's rest ; and then He flings himself on the grass with — 44 Hello ! you havo a taste for starvation in tho nudt of plonty, Steeplechase. Can't we find you a rose or something to wear instead of that withered rubbish?" 