Central flission Notes. We are glad to note that two of the old'eonverts of the O.M.M. have been appointed . circuit stewards of the recently-formed circuit of Mosman.' One ?was converted under Eev. E. Bavin and the other under Eev. W. W. Butledge. * Three months since a lady living some 400 miles away in the bush wrote ns . as follows : — ' Our eldest child, Daisy, will try, she says, to earn during the, midsummer holidays another pound for you, if possible, by the sale of lollies.' This week a bulky parcel arrived from Daisy, containing a quantity of sweets ; the sweetest thing, however, in the package was a £1 note enclosed, with the following note appended : — ' I am very pleased to be able to get the pound for you towards the old Mission debt. I would like to have given more, but as times are so bad you can't expect much. 1 am sending you down a pound or two of the lollies for yourself, like those I sold to 6arn the sovereign.' God bless our unknown, but very practical little friend. Other young folk, all over the colony, might take a leaf out of Daisy's book. * * * The efforts being made to increase the attendance at the Sunday morning services are already bearing fruit. Last Sunday the floor of the hall was crowded. Next Sunday morning we hope to have to open the gallery. The special subject will be ' Keep smiling — a cure for worry.' On Sunday night many were turned away for want of seats. ' Sit ting on the fence ' was the subject, and at the after-meeting the inquiry-room was filled with anxious inquirers — nearly all being young men. * A lady, recently converted, brought her husbpnd to Sunday night's service. Deeply impressed by the power of the Holy Ghost, he stayed to the after meeting, but wont away still ' sitting on the fence.' Once at home ' he opened his heart to me,' writes the wife, ' and asked me to help him. I at once asked God to speak through me to him, which, thank God, he did ; and my husband is now trusting God, and is happy.' Thus, thanks be to God, the converting power is attending His word. * * * Last week's Wednesday entertain' ment w^f a pronounced succeess. Large as is the JEall, many were standing. The Scoth views, bagpiper, phonograph, and cinematograph were greatly relished. Next Wednesday we give an Australa sian night, and are expecting a great crowd. On the following week — Thursday, the 17th, we celebrate our Jubilee — being the fiftieth consecutive entertainment — with a monster pro gramme, particulars of which will appear in next Jlethodist's advertisement columns. We are appointing a com mittee of working men to sell the tickets for this great fixture, and hope to clear thirty pounds. . The tickets will be one shilling each. The arrangements for our social work anniversary are now complete, and the Epworth Office is busy getting out pro grammes. Particulars will appear in due course. We may here mention that in addition to securing Eev. C. Tregear, of Melbourne, as special preacher, and Sir F. M. Darley (Chief Justice) as chairman for the public meeting, we have taken the Town Hall for a monster religious service on the afternoon of Sunday, the 20th. The Eevs. Tregear and Stephens will be the speakers. Mr. Mote will play the grand organ, and Philip Newbury, Esq., Madam Spada, and Mr. Ehodda Perry, who have ren dered such distinguished service to the Melbourne C.M.M., hav.e generously promised to sing for us. At the after noon Drawing Eoom on the 22nd, Lady Eenwick will preside. * * Late one night, fourteen months ago, a cab drove up hurriedly to the front of the Centenary Hall. In it were seated a Christian lady and a young man suffering from delirium tremeus. The story we heard was an unusually sad one. A young fellow of splendid family, able to speak five or six languages, for some time occupying an important social position in Persia — a miserable wreck through drink ! We soon had him housed at our Medical Institute. The case was so desperate that we had for several days to engage persons £o watch hiin. Gradually the scientific treatment of the Institute, together with the genuine Christian sympathy of the attendants, succeeded in killing the awful drink crave. He continued in residence for' six weeks. On leaving the Home, a struggle against temptation began that lasted for many weeks. Thank God, under a sermon preached by the Eev. A. E. Edgar, he was led in deep penitence to Christ. From that day he gained the mastery over himself, obtained a situation as tutor, and continued to witness for Christ until recently through the kindness of several C.M.M. friends he was enabled to return home to his people in Bombay. By the last mail we received a cheering letter from him from which we gladly extract the following : — ' I have been in Bombay for a fortnight. . . . With all the drink and blasphemy, and in spite of lewdness and levity all through the voyage, I had some blessed times. No, I do not think I ought to say ' in spite of,' but ' because of ' these things, I drew nearer to. Him who delivered me. I need not talk of temptations, there was drink and sin, in some of its most enticing forms, but I was kept too close to my God for it to become temptation. I was literally ' kept by the power of God.' From Colombo to Tuticarin, and thence by rail to Bombay were very pleasant trips. You know the south of India is full of ancient ruins, and historic places, and my past reading was of great t-ervice to me, enabling me to recall facto of history of deepest interest. Since my arrival here I have been quite spoilt with the pampering of my people. They won't hear of my leaving for Persia, and I have been advised dolce far niente for the next three months. I trust God is still blessing you at the C.M.M. I often long for Sydney and my friends of the Mission, and that, in spite of all this luxury around me.' What an illustration have we here of the advantage of such an institution as that in operation here for the cure of drunkenness. If only our people will stand by this work, cases such as this may be multiplied almost ad libitum. 