THE OLD MILCH COW. (To Ike Editor of the St. George's Advocate.) SIB,—The good old milch cow, the Treasury, is to be called upon to provide supplies to further-:the abortive attempt tocreatea."Greater Sydney," which is fathered by Alderman J. <3. Griffin. Surely the aldermen are not so hard up, even if the municipalities they rej. resent are, that they must needs let their fad fall in, for want of means to carry on, or without calling 011 "the colony's finances to support the mythical idea, in which New South Wales, as a whole, is not interested. It is well known in municipal circles, that even amongst the aldermanic representatives at the conference, nearly every one Has come to the conclusion that no practiosil issue is likely to result-from the puerile scheme proposed by Alderman Griffin, and that outside the few'who have joined the conference the .aldermen generally will have nothing to do with the movement under present auspices. • Any possible gain to the public is more than discounted by the proposal to pay to each of the proposed new councillors £150 per alinuiii. New South Wales, with its uiilliou-and-a-qjarter of population, ;--> far tuo liberal in its expenditure on Government already ; and it is also proposed to saddle it with a share of the expenditure of a Federal Govenimeql, in ,«.-hich every . member of Parliament in both Houses is to receive four hundred pounds per year as paiJiuiueiitary allowance. We already pay £300 per annum for our present parliamentary representatives, and it is nothing less than consummate cheek for • Alderman Griffin and his confreres to come down with a proposal to pay £150 per annum to each councillor for the purposes of municipal government. '"*• Verily, Syduey will be a nicely taxed city, aud it :>vill. not be worth while being a property- owner. Who will be so foolish to' sanction such a scheme ? ... The veal object seems to me, however, to boom Aldorman Griflin, and I •am surprised at Alderqjan Sproule allowing himself to be led! by him like a monkey oil a: chain/ when he is well aware that, sooner or later Alderman Griffin will' again turn and rend him, after making use of him. But: imagine the aldermen of Sydney trusting this alderman with the leadership of such a movement, or with the administration of the Water and Sewerage Board. Last year he was Mayor o£ HurstviHa, a Munioipalifcy with a revenue of about £2i000 per annum,.and yet he finished up his financial year with a deficiency of o ver £2000. A nice man to trust with a scheme which taxes the brains of our smartest-.financiers. ' . The insatiable ambition of J. G. Griffin was ~ never-more" fully manifested when, on a. mere idle rumour, he canvassed the St. George electorate for the seat of the Hon. J. H. Carruthers. Surely he could have waited till that gentleman. had given up. his politieal ghost and had been decently interred before trying to jump his. seat. Imagine being represented by the Chameleon Griffin,, as a successor to our present able, practical and brainy representative. We are not" taking any Griffin, should "we unfortunately lose Mr. Carruthers. In a recent denial given in your paper, he says he is not taking any part in the separation of Bexley Ward. But will he deny that be told Alderman Richards he was in. sympathy with it 1 Alderman Richards publicly stated so, and he is to be believed. What, then, must be thought of the leader of the " Greater Sydney" movement, who has expressed himself ^ as in sympathy with disintegration 1 It was pointed out that he obtained the erection of an overhead bridge at Carlton railway-station on account of the dangerous character of the level crossing, and yet, in defiance of. the by-laws, he, although a magistrate, deliberately violates the law, and sets a dangerous example, which is, unfortunately, followed by others. But, is there need to go any further to show how utterly impossible this man is as leader of any great movement, requiring stablity of character and. brainy enthusiasm ? No wonder bis advertisement has miscarried, and that sensible men laugh at his undertaking a job Nthat is toe great and too noble for his limited capacity. It is to be hoped that tbe Government .will render no assistance to this great Ego in granting public money as an advertisement for himself, for it is regarded by a large majority of aldermen as a hair-brained scheme, with neither wisdom in organization, nor ability in order, and which will come shortly to anignominious end. It will be an'object lesson to whoever takes the matter up, when he is compelled to lay it down, to weigh well what is to be done, in order that the foundation of a. scheme may be well and truly laid, upon which m'ay be built an edifice worthy of the Queen City of the South, in which corruption, insane ambition, and blatancy may take no part, and to which able and worthy' men may aspire, without sordid considerations, and " with the earnest desire to . make Sydney the model of municipal government in the southern hemisphere." - - - RATEPAYER.- 