The Treasure of Nephron. I Br Edes pmLLTOTM. in the Strand I Magazine. I Near t':e bilge pyramids of D.shor, ftnd drfed by their siro, thereby be found upon the confine of th- jfabian de«ert a eepulchral monoo. Le alee a pyramid. flUfe more I than l&rg;« wrpgow uumn i f shattered limestone. Booide the adjacent giante this pyramid of. Nephron appears little more than .a mbbieh heap ; hot seen apart, the mw i8 „f no small elevation, while matters o considerable interest lie entombed within it J»8t 8horc of ? baudr.d ago came forth from Its interior the mummy of that notable person whose grave it was ; and skill d Etfpotologists, their success at that time much accelerated by the discovery i of the Rosett a Stone, so»n deciphered I the hiernglyph.es which adorned dead i Nephorn's coffin and sepulchre. The Withered brown carcass, here 'sealed from ihe moth and the owl and the i flittermouse ' for a space of time extend ing ever three thousand years, had once been a high priest who mini-tored at the ehrine of H ires in their Middle Age of Egypt ; and here moved there to by opinions peculiar to himself the bygone cleric, if his story might be credited, had ciceed to be burned with him much of the wealth accumulated on earth during a lengthy aod pros perous career. This fact was not re markable, but what struck experts as strange hue to be told Though the cryptic chamber in which Nephron's corpse had been discovered was spacious, nothing but the dead priest himself occupied it, and no arnnnnt of research revealed his alleged treasure. All that French and English servant couid think upon to do wis done, and with aEsist'nce from the fellaheen of the adjacent village, they probed the mass of limestone to its core, and made searching exploration for the gold and silver and Orient gems ' declared to be hidden within Nephron's shattered mauauleam ; but nothiog rewarded the search save granite presentment of a Krio-Sphinx which blocked one end of a subterranean gallery in the pyramid. To remove tbe rsm head monster was impossible ; it formed an integral portion of the mass ; and no amount of poking and prying had revealed In the solid body of it any recep'aclo or chamber which might represent the portal of a treasure- house. Thus, then, stood human knowledge upon the subject of Nephron's pyramid on ihe forenoon of a day in summer some fifty years ago. Two Arabs sat eoooking cigarettes not far dietaut from the high prieet's. monument on this occasion, and watched a cavalcade departing over the sand in the direction of Cairo. They have failed, like all who came before them,' said young Faraj, the Nile boatman. ' Verily,1 answered his friend and companion, Sriim Subra, a man whose occupation, if be had any, waB that of pyramid guide to tourists. - 'Allah wills not that Nephron's treaenrea go to fat the pockets of these pale, etrel- eyed infidels. They come and grab here and search each nook and cranny aod jackal-lair, to no purpose. And these have wasted their sweat like the rest.' He pointed ' to haif-a-doz-n English men with their baggage _and atten-" daots. They represented a learned Com mission which, amongst other more successful explorations, had devoted a portion of its time to renewed study and research in Nephron's tomb But no fortune rewarded thdr sfEorts, and as tbey departed on asses, with camels and yelling fellaheen to bear, the bag- ' gage, they cried 'Sour grapes' in a manner quite unscientific. One grey, spectacled personage doubted not the treasure, even if discovered, would add little to human knowledge; and possibly : be found of no intrinsic valne whatever another professor gave it as Ms opinion that a generation of men long dpad had discovered Nephron's gold and silver, perhaps ihoasanda cf years before, and that any further search must bi vaio. All greatly wished gigantic and per fect Kric-Spfaiox might be dragged , forth from its many thousand years of night to adoro the garden of the Gizeb Mascara of Cairo; hot that was be yond thoir powyr to achieve, for to disentomb the. etstne it would have been neceeeary to demolish His shattered mountain- that contained it.' S j ths erudite English departed with no greater richesihan those a rneastir- ing tape ciuld farnith ; and Faraj and Sslim watched them go- In Dashar the treasure ofNephron had grown into a tradition, bat though" many an Arab of the vJUigeichew tbe pyramid and its dark ways as well as his own mud cottage, none bad yet reached the rumoured gold. . "Tel each' successive generation became fired witb the hope in turn. Nephron's hoard \- was a real fact to Dashur mindi ; ao3 not a few lazy men washed half their lives iu vala dreams of thq bygone priest, aod vain subterranean tennib: lag - after bis wealth. rA:inndrSl stories of weird ad ventoresaM grange meetings with jton and mirubihtiH bat-haunted g)oom of the familiar to tho ears of theftilebeijm, Blood, ton, had been shed thereby an unknown hand, and nnegloMnj ' 1 chamber was. held sacred to the shadr "of an unhappy traveller from Alex andria ., -whose assassin had never been traced. 'The treasures are safe,"' said Faraj. 'They will pass iato the hands of the faithful in AUah's own time- Insbsllah ! He doeth what seemeth good to binr. Allah send we may yet prevail against the evil mystery tying . between what man hid there in the morning of the -world and our living eyes to day. Oar compact was bo share Nephron's riches as we share love and kindred aff-ctinn. So be it, "We may yet tracceed, Salim.' ' H iw. did they prosper"? continued Faraj, regarding tbe retreating explorers. ' Neither better nor worse than others. As a man with deep know ledge of the pyramid, they engaged me, and I showed them all 1 know and did their bidding.' - All yon bow,' Stlitn Sabre ? . Tbe other laughed,' doff«d bis fez aod passed a hand over his closely- cropped head. Ail -save only the hole under the left paw of the stone monster they call Kria-Sphiur. Taat I loft ths-n t find them-elves.' Did they? " . ' Truly. Nothing was too difficult for them.. Tbey discovered it and descended into the little chamber below ; and they, held that hole to be the place of a coffin'' ' Did they question you concerning the opening et the side af.it f They did, and thrust their heads in and lowered a line which told thorn naught. They asked if any boy small enough might be found to get through tbe aperture, and X shook - my bead, but assured them that one in tbe past, of small " stature, had entered and found only a second little empty chamber like the first. Faraj laughed. 'These northern giants, with thetr huge shoulders, strange garments, and stiff joints, might well believe nothing bigger than a young child could pass that way. How if yourself had climbed through before their eyes? They would have doubted tbey saw aright. They would have doubted they saw aright But X did no ench thing. Yet £ only spoke the truth to them. Not all of it' ' Why, whet more was there to tell them?' ' That from the second chamber falls a sheer well, "dbwa to the heart «f the earth for all "we ban say. Yon were dumb as. to that dark drop into nothingness known only to yon and me among sue living. And we might as well not know it The thing iB beyond human power to probe. It may reach straight to the central fires, for all we can tell. Tis beyond the power of any living thing — but a snake to probe. On steel and Koran we swore to share such fortune as Fats might store for ua in Nephron's grave . or else where, Faraj ; bat it will not come through that "black throat "The well leads down.to death and only death, as I have seen io dreams.' Though not of bin, » greater love than that for tbe most pert obtaining between brothers marked the friendship <>f these young. men; yet close opon the very cession of this discourse arose the Grat clond between them— a cloud destined to produce tragedy as strange, and seqnel as Btsriiing, as auy record in ail the history of Nephron's pyramid. Faraj Tabit, the elder, -worked npon the river, and devoted1 his leisure to prying with Salim amid tbe great relics of the put at Dashar , while.his friend, though poor also, yet had prospects of a better position to come. In Cairo dwelt bis Qnple, Juiz-ol-aaj, a vendor ot conns and - objects -of art— an old, wifeless gentleman whose wealth was rumoured to be considerable, and wbo showed amiability towards his nephew; though be bad at o time assisted him to better his worldly position. "The "young men bad little in common- save good lookB, mutual regard, and a great ambition to come at wealth andfortune. - One other interest they indeed shared — their love for -the same woman— Leyll Birbin. A woman we call Lsyl£, in that she was wite-old; ' but tbe girl bad seen no more than thirteen summers, in which time; after the hot-house fashion of the East, she arrived at physical maturity. An olive-skinned and bright-eyed maid was she, with charry. lips and a smile usually hidden from yoong, fiery hearts by ber hideous yashmak of tawdry, flehh -colored cottonsfcamped with some conventional arabesque, r The dark bine - robe of die fellaheen:. Women encom passed her; aod beneath the bright beads aod coins that loee and fell upon ber breast was a little heart) as hard and citcaUting ss ever beat in 'ao ice-cold Northern bosom. -'Nobody 'knew -better than XAy li the pow -r bf her dark eyes and pretty voice. She was a flirt, too — in so far as w Eastern . woman .of ' respectable -porition'- can be- — and the ' homage of -die Sahh- brightened a lonely 'existence. With -her - father, -Nadm Birb&ri;, ' m dead, 'and: Nairn's jiving wife, family for |jayla,%asan amiahlesonl, J and shfi enjoyed a -mi»iure -bf3ibqrty I'- beyond thit of moat unmarried Moslem girls Ju D whttr. 'Tirtelfe.btfrjliby ®8 She pleaBed, aud wMt i>tP' ®I|S i'; ih aibriak ibterchaDge w . love promisee j &limj;?hterwti -hsd.'; by, if?1 means reached sto far. vTfie young ntar , had acted each as his disposition tHcbrted, Andwfiir&tasj; was cm»1 with hh eweethrart'a essnrance of love, Slim, more motions aid inure conven tional, 'had sought Laylfi's father before pushing bis Bait.- One thereforerejqiced secretly in the giri'e love and promise; the other had reason to believe that bis , expectations from bis uncle, the "old virtuoso . and curio dealer iu Cairo, wnold carry the necessary weight with Naeim Birbhri, on whose derision lay tbe final duposal of Laylk. XL A week passed by, end the festival of the Mebm»nd -was at hand. On the occasions of (hie celebration, thonraade of felaheen from the eorroundiog "yillsges flock to Cairo that they may witness the departure >|f the Sacred Carpet to Mecca. The festival is one of great rejoicing— a red-letter day in the calendar of every right Moslem. Before this event, how ever, the hopes and fears of the lovera were set at rest. Salim Subra acted with the greater promptitudeand en honr. after leaving Ferej he'was drinking coffee with Neetm fiirb&ri; end setting out "his Base to the best advantage. In the end he won the old man to his wayof thinking, and then departed to wait wiib what patience he might for more intelligence. Meantime, the father had a conversa tion with his daughter, and -fbnnd "her extremely pliable,. « I . had spoken words with Faraj, the boatmen,' she said, 'bat they were to no purpose, sod no more than the jests of friends. Satlm is of different day ; besides, when hie uncle shall die, great I store of riches must fall into bis life and j better it. X will marry him iu doe | season.' 1 When therefore Faraj, a day later, j paid his visit to Lty)&'a home, he found j hitns>-lf in the cold Hie ' sweetheart did not see, and he departed in the extremity of wrath. He showered bitter words on Nastm Birfca-i, t>xed him with selling his daughter to the biuh et bidder, and refused to believe that Li)Ul herself bad abandoued him thus r-adily for one of better worldly prospects. Accordingly, be waited an- 1 til he might come upon ber and learn j from Jhsr own red lips the truth. Bat each a meeting La? S, Ihtle desired, and kept within doors to avoid " ir. Her ; aci ion only led heart-stricken Faraj into farther error. Now be openly declared that foal means had bean taken to keep Ltyifi from bim, and that ehe was even at that hoar shot ap within her father's boose, a prisoner. Bat though Layifi appeared not, Faraj met with Salim. On ths dawn of the greet festival tbey O > vJt'Li IUV vu Obu Dgniu 2 MIU wtUB IV I happened. j Stl>m Subra, elated beyond measure! at his success, had arranged .to acoom- | pany bis future wife and father-in-law j t > tlie festival; and aft-r the celebration J it was proposed that tho young man ! should call npon bis uncle, 'Az z-ul-Hajj, j and introduce to the curio merchant toe | f -if Laylfi and her folher. I S > Srtim, adorned in his richest gar- I m«nte, proceeded st early light to Seek his friends ; and as he did so there p»8ssd, deoert-wardai out noting bim, his rival. For the Orient mind cruelty j has a sort of fasrinatinn ; and the suectarie of his li-tlsas and -defeated ! friend woke no "pity in 8 dim's heart just then. He remembered, too, that hn was full early for the meeting with ' Naidm and hie daughter, and therefore, in ad evil moment for himself be followed F raj, as that solitary sonl proceeded despondent towards the rained - pyramids under a black, cloud of everlasting despair. The "young . man now regarded himself as a victim, of dark plots .and snperior cunning. He folly believed that Lsy'i was by fores — faLL . fisAm litot sni fliat, "111 fM prison seclusion of iter fether's boms, j she eaf&red; even as did te, Tbns in a j dtngerous and -d-adly mood was Faraj j when sslim, with pretended unconcern, I approached and walked besida . him 1 beneath the earliest gold of a risen sun. 1 'Howls it wi<b thee, Faraj Tabitfj he a«ked. May perdition eat thy foes.1, j Thou callest a enree upon thine -own j vile bead in saying it, son of a dog!' I thundered back the other. .1 Nay, friend that was,, we havsj fought a fair battle, and. this Is no langnagn from vanquished to victor.' ...1 The eyes of Faraj burnt lb bis head, I and dark h&te; shob from them npon the I smirkipg Sallm. One stood all stniles and brave apparel, the ether was: in hisj ragged working clotheB, and his mind ; raged so that the Btorm of its working blackened his face. Farqj valued tils own iife at less thoa a piastre just then,: nnd bis foe oronld bare been safer with n : hnngry Nblrian iido; bnt the viotor knew it notj' and poured nil upon the flame pf ths-othsr's wrath, . You do mot ;under«tand,' he arid. lisyU reomre to me of her -owh -free will, becanse riie-loyas me bettei- than aha can love - yom j3he has listened, to nobody -and obeyed botiring but her heart's volc& A woman's heart . lies uot' v-1."-".: . A man'fl tongue does ; and thou art ha' Liesbubbla from youriijjivturMiit Allah rees you not for the black smbfe of them, ;that hides you f rom'Nim. Hit knowsyou,'«iad b impatient - fat .iyenj?'- ' - ' fTbtg-"lie- tlMfcry>Xi«Sljif i1 worse. - XikjdA "Inll : twine -about . inj i of Oodj ltShSll bebold fitat ? t As SSpoYcths 'boatmen, Muunj with passioii, sbioped, picked up n fiag- meDt ot etcce, placad to his hand by the Fiecd, and hurled it swift and straigbt. The mass, struck Salim foil on the: forehead, ritr force In some sort brnk'-n by the whlte turhka wound shunt faia fre; bnt even thna the blow was ennogh to slay a stronger man than the young Arab. -Hie hands shot into the -sir, -.then he fell heavily backward and lay still, while from his" bead wound a thick stream of blood, sucked up as it Sowed by the yellow sand. No'groon or cry marked his downfall. Diitih, terrific siid sudden as from ia stroke oT lightning, lreden liS<l«t or paw of ravage beast, had swept bim from the living, in. bis. honr of triumph. ' Fro-, found silence followed, broken ««niyby the _diri<au% stxmd < of a Mopzzin's call fr<im She far-off minaret, litke a bird's note it came through the ihi» air, but Forej Thbit fcsard it oot. He stood motion lera, with no visible life nearer to bim than the vultures: that soared like specks aloft in the. golden morning They indeed saw and knew; bnt nothing else. Fur one mad moment the man fell on ble knees and began scooping sand with both handB upon the enpine Shape before him ; hut as he did so, there came to hie ears a- sound of laogh- ter, SDd be thought bis kind were near at hand, and desisted, and rose. Sadden terror, that he might be captured with his bands red, got hold npon bi>n, and be departed, slinking in tbe western shadows of tbe scattered recks, like a parish dog. Salim Subra wonld .be missed by these departing for the Mahmoud. He might be sought land even fonnd.though that was im probable, forthn place of his de8trnoti«n lay without DaShnr, in a lonely, rock- strewn spot; tbe home of tbe jackal and sand-coloured snake. In reality, no one wee near. Faraj had beard ghost voices only, awakened by his own thick-coming feara ; bat he stayed no longer, left tbe roagb, crater-like ring of scattered limestone where Salim lay, and harried to tbe safety and darkness of a sanctuary at hand. Here Btood the ' gaunt pyramid of Nephron, and the murderer soon plauged iota its heart, there only to fiod terrors more fearful than any tbe eooBtrine held. | For a eh»rt lime, as he rested at the | portal - of . tbe - main bnnnel, tbe man's fear vanished. Becolleorion of tbe other's treachery, as he imagined it, I returned, and he felt glad again at the thing he had _ done. He steeled his | heart; told t himself he was Allah's instrument to -shorten the span of a vile. life, and then concerned "himself with : | thoughts for biB own " safety. He | wonld remain io the secret places of J MMvmiit wsntll (itahtfnll than tla. - part, cross the Nile end enter Cairo, where there was small fear of being discovered.. So resolving, "he borrowed into . the subterranean ways, and hastened so soddenly from the light that his eyes throbbed nnder the inky blackness. Now chaos returned to hia mind again, a million euperetirioaa fears, bred by his mo, made . the familiar recesses of the pyramid seem strange, and filled tbe velvet pall of tbat eternal -night with many eyes, that shone as red as blood. Tbe echoes we're awake nod alive, and the rustle and squeak of the bats tba- dwelt here by day was. magnified "npon his ear into serpent I hissings and' the voices of strange, I monstrous things, half man, half rep- I telle. . - I Faraj knew, where candles were bidden, and presently, lighting one, he I strove with its flickering flame to banish jthe horrors of his mind now taking shape and. voice -aboot him. .Bnt the- j light only awoke fresh terrors, floug 1 back the sides «f the surtonnding gloom, 1 and set a demon . dance of shadows j everywhere. Black, limbs were throat 1 want aF fha Aarlr mratM. vfitnHL bfldi- Ires heads grinned from .the mf and heedless bodies . took sobetsnde and passed from the light into the gloom again. Armless hands with ; crooked fingers, like hairy spiders, stole along tbe" floor and gripped hie skirts, then hung npon them as ha moved; a hundred nameless horrors crowded >nd gibbered and sqaeaked within sight of hia -eyes ; and the caudle it-elf, which snmmoued this fearful throng, burnt I like a red aye from the brow of some Gydopean abortion , created from the rock: where Faraj had .set it np. He struck., otit the itght to banish this pandembniam, then flatig himself npon tbe dry .dust of . the tunnel, and there lay witii ' his heed on his arms, his I fingers throat in his ears and bis eye I tightly closed.' Presenlly be fell into a I aort ol trance, while tile pest retraced lite steps bsfors bim. Agiin he. slew tbe slain, dreamed that ho plunged a J knife Info Ltyll'a breast -also, and titau" 1 into bis,own. Together they woke "on 1 the eboreeof Paradise, bat the murdered 1 mis cras fhere before - them, and Stlim. | fook ItaylA into bis aroe, while winged 1tbing8 wifo swi( of live fire thrnst j ibsfouideifor forth. Front. «n<b night- I mare reet he presentiy awoke and | sought the month of the pyramid, i Far diatantj at tiie emhourimre. a TmeHowlenoe oflighttold foatthe autf ! 1 had wretered, and that within a few i j Ifoun darkneea wootd iretora and enable 1 hlm to' fly. TSien .Faraj lighted htB yshlfoftfl d the cold j arauna ium iand. hi8 fears .mow ,de- ' j riaosed;vpEiamd:pnwfod into tbe depths, (JertiBrena ;4onjg " paswe torminate'd i ttbnpily: between" tiie parra , d the j alieadymentioimd.Hensatii-,one p«w 1 ncs>&; 1 thb hffoxfoHka to fi«i ;|puibeiesohedhy h umtow sqwrtare, Here.it was that tits ingenuity of the English OxplorerB failed them, for tb- .openipg between the two chambers eras so small, that tbe .poeeibility of anything .larger, than a dog creeping through, it had not entered their epecDlatiooe. Nevertheless, both Faraj and Sslim, if no others, conld get into the inner chamber, for tbe feat to a ntrrow- ehpuldered ; and lithe native was not extraordinary. The man now standing before tbe Krio-Spbinx, 'for no reason that he could have named to himeelf, prreratiy wriggled into this second recrptsde beneath i', put hls'csndle on a ledue, and squatted -down ip a ploce scarce large . enough' to'hold a coffin. Tbia was the spot which Salim Subra had assured the explorers held nothing ; and in that be spoke -tire truth "; bnt it one «ad d the . place . there d/aoeoded » ri real or narrow shaft into the bowels of the pyramid ; sod of tbis he hod ' hot spoken. To bim and to Faraj alone of' men was .this dark channel known ; hot neither at any time had descended into it, for the sides were steep and ifo air b8low the surface very foul. They had 'often cast down etonea, bnt no answering eoho returned, and tbns they usumed the tunnel mast he bottiimles and beyond hnman skill to eearob or fathom.. -Above this black hole Faraj eat, and the rioad fell again upon bis heart before the spectacle of & blood-et-ined future. Laylte had snnk to a apeotre iu his mind ; only the -dedinan lying outride in tbe sand occupied it. He pictured the jackals when oight hid Salim Subra ; he eaw the naked-necked vultures that wait not fur darknres. For a moment the thooght of srif- d retraction crossed hie mind. Here, at his feet, gaped a ready death, and no human eye would ever see his mangled limbs, no beast rood them. To fling himself down tins dark mouth of stone wonld be the work of a moment, sad now death b-gan to look a bettor thing than the haunted, hunted life awaiting him on earth He almost forgot biB crime before 'be arguments for and against self-slanghter. The thought of it grew lees and less terrible ; while each moment now mada iifo appear a vainer business . He saw himself meet ing with Stlim in the shadow world, and there came a lust and a -yearning to oroes the dark threshold and see and know what lay beyond. He crept near 'o the black epertnro in tbe floor of the narrow chamber, aud let his legs dangle over. Voices called him from below — the pleasant, bappy voices of women. He edged nearer until he rested to a position of utmost peril on the brink. aadjbe siw tbe light flicker redly d >wn the' funnel of Stan's, than vanish. Im- pane treble gloom now wrapped him, and oat from it crept and glimmered the old shapes and faces and burning eyes. Weird creatures with strange d >nble heads and unfamiliar limbs arose and passed in procession before htm. The gods of .the dead were there — the g<ide of ancient Egypt, with heads of men and women, of turd and beast Sanctified cres<ures tnov-d and crawlnd bout him ; huge live scarabs with opal eyes ; cats ; snorting bulla, that puffed sweet breath into hie faoe ; crocodiles, with great golden rings "in their long snouts. He heard marie, and saw by gone men, as from some Egyptian freiza, marching on either side of a bier. And : upon it lay no mummied corpse, bnt Salim Subra, with his great toes tied together, salt upon bit breast, and a silk abroad wrapped about him, after . the modern fashion of the Moslem. The dead lay calm, and hia eyes were", shut, bnt on. hie bro w was black blood. Tbe fresco figures passed silent end grim ; their song died away in a sigh of cnld Kclnri mi) Farai. knnwimi that another had yet to come; crept nearer the shaft ! and watched and waited. He wonld < remain in tbe land of the living until i Death himself appeared, then he meant tn fling himself downward and so die; that he might escape Death. He laugfod at: this conceit, and an echo answered him again, while it seemed that an invisible hand suddenly touched hie— a hand hard and cold as Stood. Mad with fear, Faraj Tabit tore himself from it and dropped into the pit yawning at " his feat. ' One ebrick echoed with a hundred .voices, then conscinaHns88 departed from bim, aod he . .fell Unsensible through -the black sir— to Xfalis and the abode of evil Iftits and fou< Jinn. IIL ' . Bat 'It waa in the floah and riot the spirit tbt .. Faraj - found bimseH, fin again ojfobfog hia eyee and reooVertng Ponsctoufoem some saoonda later. He moved, tiiis way. and that, felt iiom't disoovered himself recumbent on a pile - of some soft material, and fotmd.bnn- self tmcatb-d, . thpugb be etpienc d a little difficriiyin.breathing. .About him were beavy et mea, and now be- realised why these fragments, thrown from above in the pas had brouit n>\ : answering sounds, .-to the ekrs offlaiim and- himself, for- they hadfollea tiit1 thick, soft dust. The ubearthly eUence thet ever broaded in thebeert of the pyramid hang .heavy abont faltn; his mind ' grew clear agaia, Aodbis.Oialy . Speoalatioa was, as . to bow for.be bad > foitea aod. bow longHe might expect to , 'eurrive in foU present podtioD. A ' bantions survey by touch told tiiat the j plaoe in whkfa "110 taowstooid -tirqiped : was amaii. He felt -rirand its walfo . l and In driog so set Jfls loot on some sharp object, and felt s pang. Bendhig, hot blood -from the . wounded member flowed npon his hand, and hetore a bandage from his skirt and bonnd it np. Then he remembered the candle he had Sang down before him, and mow felt thrangh the thick dnst of the florin hope that it might come to his hand. Hera he was fortunate, ' for be soon recovered the - candle, and relighted it ; and, (bough it burnt but dimly nnder the heavy air, the ligbt given was snffirient to show Faraj th- nature of bis new environment. The place .was empty save for' a drop "layer of -dnst and an object of strange appearance tbat filled half tbe chamber. It looked, at flrat right, -like some enormous insect, tying upon its book, wilh lung twisted legs extended in tbe sir above it, and a glimmering body of irregular shape .beneath them. Bnt closer investigation brought a trner explanation. - Tbe bent and twisted bands ot metal were "all that remained of what had once been a hnge, brass-bound chest of wood ; and tbat glimmering mass within them re presented Imperishable ate- nes, gold tbat rusts not, and other forme and Shapes of tarnished silver and fretted metal. The agglomeration stood three feet high and covered a considerable Bpsce. From it gleamed red rabies and green emeralds, the flash and twinkle «f diamonds, the -soft fire «f opals, the ln«t?e of red gold — treasures all that bad nut answered light with light for more than three thousand years. Strang" mystic jewels lay there, the ose of which was long vanished ont of man's knowledge ; time had gnawed the silver into black rains, fillet and pectoral were io part destroyed ; bat nnutterablB gems end feats »f work manship, soarce to be credited, still remained to glitter on man's eyes again after their centuries of repose, Oolden hawks, -with diamond breasts and lapis lasuli wings, were' here ; crystal "sphinxes,' and wrought ivory plaques crnsted with gems ; tbe nrmus and winged globe of majesty . fashioned in prrcioas stones; regal diadems ; stata-ttes "of gods and goddesses with diamond eyes ; lotue lilies with petals of beaten gold and emerald leaves — these and a hundred other marvellous achievements of men long since dnst, here, escaped from the clutch of time, "glimmered and "hone in the mass «f treasure as Faraj tu-ned it about be neath the light of hie-waniog candle. Here at lost, at this nnexp-cted moment; appared the treasure of Neperan to tbe eye of a murderer and a prisoner! to him who could neither personally profit by the discovery nor proclaim it to the world. -One other man alone knew of the tunnel down which Faraj had falleu, and tbat man was dead. The thing desired, dreamed of, prayed for, had come ind-ed ; but a time most be at hand when this lonely wretch would be glad enough to barter every gem and jowel of tht vest hoard for a jug of of water and a crust of bread. Lust of lfe reasserted itself in the man before his discovery. Egyptian justice fifty years ago was no immaculate thing, and now he dwelt with throbbing brain on. the possibi lities of salvation from death which ti> treasure of Nephron might compass f»r bim. Hia light began to wane and the hot wax tonched biB hand. He turned, therefore and continued hie- scrutiny with special reference to the dark en trance of the treasurehoose don which be had fallen. Th «t he should have received . no injury argned ah inconsiderable descent, and for « moment hope flickered again :in the dead ashes ot hie soul. Above him opened ths hole- down which "he bad come and below it lay the . dust. Investigation showed the aperture iu tbe roof to bejnst above faia reaob, but bv piling the treasure of Nephron be- low it, standing upon the glittering heap, Faraj could get his bead and shoulders into the tnnnel and bold the candle above, him. Tnen the man'w heart leaped, for on a level . with hia eyee appeared the first of a «nccessioo of foot-hules cut deep io the eteine. " It was dear that the shift hid formed regular means of entrance to tbe txeasnr«-h-<n8e, Ohano had opened the upper end beneath the Krio- tiphiox ; and Far j now doubted not that it was within his, power to a-cend again to sunlight and life if be would do so. Yet npon this discovery he. hesitated. Tbe man with whom be had- sworu to share such fortune -as should fall to him was gcue b-yond call of gold or silver ur precious st-tne. The old friendship, dimmed by no .virion of Layl&'s bright eyes, recurred to hie mind; aud. for the first time p«raon»l fear gave place personal sorrow before the. deed fie faal dona Hia own safety gave bim lees and Ires concern. . Among Moslems none may tetify of what be baa not seen with hia own eyre ; therefore no one bnt himself conld declare his crime. Only God, and the devil, end the dead, had _ power to acouse him. -- With the poaribifiiy of an increaee of life before bim i'i desirability waned. He thooght of i be riches beneath' bis feet. . Af'er all, though tbey seemed so vain, snch an an i-c imax to the great tragtidy of bis life when Gret he found them, yet tbey bed made it possible lor him to save that wretched existence if now he chose no to "do.. Without them piled be neath hie faet . be could nevermore have " -fob the treasure-house. _ Xjong be debated with himeelf, then determined at leaat "to clamber back foto the- world land See the sno aod moon agrio before he died. The toil ol aecendi' g was laborious enongh to one faint for food and drink, and with t mind gieatly overwrought ; bnt Faraj accomplished bis design, struggled with bleeding knees and elbows up tbe last yard or two of tbe shaft (which offered no foothold, but was fortunately narrow enongh to be scaled by lateral pressora of legs and arm), and then fell exhausted and cat of breath in the. sweeter air of the chamber above. Prre-ni ly he passed thr mgh th- dark, familiar ways into a dtght of silver Stare, with WilUB in the arma of the yoangm mn. Then life looked a good thing again, and the mon'e tongue was loosened, end be prayed to Allah fur pardon and wept bitter tears as he crossed the lonely sand. The recovered tea-are left his mind aa rislim Subra filled it <>nce again. So, with «e-k feet, h- near-d the spot where be h d -lin bis friend, and his blood fr«za .in bis veins at the soond of a jickol'e bowl from the crater of atones ; but he steel' d himself to the ordeal, and has tened onwards to drive the unclean beast from tbe dead. As be harried acrosA the liti le cup of s >nd, a pair of dark Bight scavengers turned with bristling bcks and gleaming teeth at his intrusion He saw the moonlight glimmer in their amber eyes ; be heard tb"ir angry yelp md snarl ; then, as he came on. they tamed tail and ekmkid into the dark- ess of the adjacent recks. Thereupon Faraj Bought, ' trembling, nnty t» find Mist the silver mystery of the night brooded over an empty apace. On the sand was a black patch of dry blood surrounded by the paw-marks of the boasts ; that was all ; and gazing fU'ther, the Arab saw that noc ocoorav of men had borne the dead aw«y, .fur tbe tell-tale nand moat have rev- gl d that r-tory. Only one straggling an I unc-r- fcdo fine, such as the feet of tba drun ken draw, appeared ; and it ted, with bend and break, hock ward to Dash or. Sslim Subra had rarely come to life again end pa-si-d hie own tegs home ward. F»r a moment F ->aj rank down in a wordles- prayer of thanksgiving to All-h ; then h" pressed fo' ward with his remaining strength in mingled joy and fear. N»w he rejoic d tbat murder woe not writt-n in 'be Bok againet him ; now be feared iat ev-ry ehadow no tbe way rbat be bad foond' bis fri nd, fallen -gain, tbia time in reality a corpse. Hi" tboagbt was tn surrender himself to jo "tic, as became one whom Allah had mercifolly preserved from deadly in ; bat he changed his mind, and, on reaching 'he vil age, determined just t » visit the abode of Salim Subra aod learn his late, together wiih particulars of tbe hone of life remaining tn bim. Neither wpeping nor wailing marked the lunely home of bis frirad. Tbe place was silent nnder the night, bnt the beam of a candle gl -wed from the open win dow, an-t gazing th'ongh it, Faraj saw the man he had left for dead, lying peaceful, with opru, liviog eyes, upou his coach. Beside him stood one skill d in the framework of men and in the herbs and medicaments proper to all itB ills ; bandageB were about the enf- frrer's brow, sod he lay awake and een- eible. Then the newcomer entered, tried alou, sink npon his kaeea beside tb" "cff- rer, and bent low until his bead touched the groncd. IV. For a fortnight Salim 8abr% lay be tween life and drath ; tbeu the. white angel had ber way, and be returned by slow degrees to health. Day and night did Faraj minister at the couch of the i jured man, and then, wheo it was told htm that Salim would not die, he too tuttered on the verge of peril, and his brain was stricken with fever, in ; tbe wild ravings of which he uttered many mad words of an under- world wherein the inoaruate gode of Egypt still dwelt and guarded the treasure of N-phren. But in time it pleased Allah that each ynangmsn ebonld come again to hie foil strength and powers of body and m>nd. They conversed together, as friends converse, and marvelled that no sign or token of black-eyed lAytek hid reached Salim whilst he ley at' the door of death. The mystery was n it long in solving, and when summer had come, aod Salim and Faraj were mighty busy about some private con cerns, which required many visits to high places in Cairo, it chanced that, on one occasion of passing through tbe b z»r, Faraj ran upon Lay lit, and recognised her, and had some speech w.th her. It iB true, then,' he said, 1 that yont father, old Narim Cirbari, hatb left Dashar and now abides in the city ? Aye,' she answered. ''Twaa ever my wont to he plain with thee, Faraj Tabit; and I will be now. A girl has but one life, and though I loved thee well enongh, thou hadst lit le to give in exchange, and little to promise a wife. S at my father's wise epeech, I con sented to wed with S-hm , Then hnw comes it—— \- ' Hear me. ffi saw him not oa tbe morn of the Mahmond, aod so went our way, counting t » m-et with him st the bouse of ' Az z-ul-Hajj, lis ancle. But he came not, though the good man had a feast, and spread for us ducks etuffed with pistechio nuts, sweetmeats scented with mask and ' attar, rice and honey, red wine and i white. These things are dear tome, and X love them ; while old, wlMess > 'Aziz, looking npou me, loved me, and : — md ' ' I No nerd to eay more.' ! A girl can only live her life once. Ib it not cot That Is »1jp Salim passed from my inind. Hera was the fortanB he promised stlisLjiind. My husband, for we are wedded, is pot passing rich, yet wellto-doand comfor table withal, Wheobad you or Safin) Snbra set ducks. staffed . with pistachio unto before me f 1 Why, , truly, 'Aeiz-ul-Htjj holds: some store, of paliry trinkets and tin. gcds and stout scarabv whose origin is. .hidden from the credulous thet bo < tbem"""-frot consider, woman,', the" treasure of Nephron ! Was ' that nut worth wbile waiting a Utile for t ' She langhed. 'Poor, children ! . Still grabbing, in tbe dark for that ! Give me the thing tbst is sure.' ' Wretched, stone-hearted fool !' he burst not. 'Go to thy ditird, ann j thy roast docks<! Drink thy soar wine, and glory in thy piuful pr.uperiiy. Allah has been merciful to two yonne ruen, and heaped a cures on the gray hairs of an old pne. Begone to thy unhappy husband, falee, lyiog dau-l't of lblis J and tell into that Salim Snbra and Frrej _ Tabic have come at the treasure of Nephron in very troth, that the world of Egypt will ring »i>t> a wonder before tbe new moon. Tell bira that great newe, - evil one ; aurt snow theyself, for 1 lay furore reflection that either of those whom thou pat to .shame before the people might now, if sn he willed i', buy a hundred time over all the rubbish in thy husband's house TbonseudG of pounds of yellow, English gold are ours, and ire depart ere loug ficm the shores of Egypt t<> tbe greater world beyond. Oar soul dwells within oe, one love — that of each for the other — animates as; and may G d blacken onr faces if ever again « tract onr beans in a woman's keeping if ever agsin we suffer eyes or ears, m any sense of our "bodies, to be cui.qui-rcd by a woman's wiles ! ' So siyiog, and indeed prophesy inr somewhat vain things in the whirl wind of his anger, Faraj Tabit swept away ! and Lay la, the wife of the enrio merchant, felt her heart tnrned to gall as fhe watched him depart. 