THE LATE MR. G. BORROWDALE A SAD DEATH. The death of Mr. George Borrow- dale, which occurred at Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, on Sunday morning last is the subject of much regret throughout the Shoalhaven district. The circumstances surrounding the demise of one so well-known and highly esteemed as the deceased was in these parts were peculiarly sad. He had been ailing slightly for some years, on and off but it was only within the past few months that his illness became alarming. A few weeks ago he went to Sydney to procure the best possible advice. Several eminent men were consulted, and not one gave him any hope of a prolonged life. They, in fact, told him that he could but live a few weeks, but there might be a faint hope if he were to undergo an operation. The cause of his illness was said to be an internal complaint, presumably a cancerous growth. The deceased returned home with a sad heart to relate to his family what had been told him. And as he told the melancholy story to the writer one Sunday afternoon only three weeks ago he said he felt little nervousness from what the surgeons declared to him, but to have to break the news to his family was the greatest trial he felt he had had in his life. When the great ordeal was over, he set about, in a most cool-minded manner, to make arrange ments in connection with his mundane affairs. And some ten days ago on his leaving his family at Pyree (as it proved finally) the scene was one which can never be forgotten by the friends who witnessed it. He spoke prior to going in a calm and affectionate way, —in a deliberate, matter-of-fact way— giving instructions to those he was leaving how to live when perhaps he was gone for ever from amongst them. Truly the scene was one such as people rarely witness. With the deceased the case was one of sublime resignation. Only men of large heart, as George Borrowdale was, could have gone through so severe a trial without collapsing. The deceased, accompanied by his wife, his sister (Mrs. D. McTavish), and Mr. McTavish, went to Sydney on Wednesday, 3rd inst., and on the following Tuesday (9th) he underwent an operation, in which, as he was previously assured, lay a ray of hope of his recovery. The operation was performed, by Dr. McCormack. With hard breathing after the operation, pneumonia set in, and this, together with shock from the operation, was the immediate cause of death five days afterwards. News of the death was first brought to Nowra by the early train on Mon- day morning, and the sad intelligence soon spread throughout the district, gansing- profound regret everywhere, although not unexpected. George Borrowdale was one of the most con- scientious and straightforword men in Shoalhaven. The writer knew him over thirty years, and no man can say he ever spoke a harsh word unless it was called for. Of strict integrity, forbearing, generous to a fault, a hard worker, and a most affectionate husband and parent—all this may be justly said of George Borrowdale who was a true friend to many here, and reregarded by all who knew him as of a generally unimpeachable character. As a farmer here he was noted for the excellence of his work and his industry. He took much interest in farming pursuits. For years he was a member of the committee of the Agricultural Association, but some time ago withdrew from that position. Yet he continued to serve the society well as a judge, and was.several times appointed judge of grain, with Mr. James Ryan, of Numba, as associate. By his hard work and attention to home afiaira he had left his family (a widow and eight children) comfortably well off with this world's goods, and has left one of the best appointed dairy farms in the district. He believed in the old adage, if a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing well. He was also a member of the Southern Cross Lodge of Oddfellows for many years. The deceased was 53 years of nge, and spent nearly all his life in Shoalhaven. THE FUNERAL. The remains, were brought down from Sydney by the train reaching Bomaderry at 12.50 p in. on Monday, and the large cortege which followed them from the railway station to the Cemetery, at but a few hours notice, was ample evidence of the esteem in which the deceased was held, and of the respect of all classes for his family. Among those who stood by the grave, besides members of the deceased's family, Mr. and Mrs. McTavish, and the largest number of ladies we ever saw at a funeral in this district, we noticed Messrs. M. P. Morton, J.P., W. Hanlon, P, Tobin, Jam^s McQtiath (Meroo), T. Herne, Dr. H. K. King, W. & Nojtt«& G. J> B. Watson, P. Wilson, D. Shar.ndn, .W. Jamison, T. Condon, ben^ S. Monaghan, J. J. Sootchme^,' fc Condon, -jun-,-Ti 'G. Kennedyi T. Marriot*,-P. Monaghan, -L. McLeah, T. Condon (Thistle-bank), A. Flatt» W. McAndrew, W. Anderson, A Hft^n, Horgaa (2), W. fiyan, T. «y«n, (famjes Smith (Kogarah), R. Bennie, John Benuie, Holland, C. Graham, J.P., F. ficgefs, W. Watts, James Watts, Joseph Watts, C.lkmond, J.Weik,J. Apperly, sen., J. Kennedy (Comferotig), F^ Weft, Jno. Connolly, £.. Kennedy, J. t). Cains, Jas. Pollock, H. Smith (Comqrong), W. Armstrong, L. McKinncm, A, McLean, Oerrad Armstrong, Jarrjes Ryan, James Morison, John Merisasi, 0.nad F. J} Wilson, LI Cf6tigh#»,n, W^' Muiriy, strung, R. Bo w wdaje ifhrather, of ceased),-O Shipton, W, Holowa^r, Ray, : -M. >'Miteim, (Nnmha), P. ^ffl^v" jjELr J?®®. P. Manning, Z. Bro^ Z,V0t ' B J.P., W. Graham, Thomas Bobaott, E. O. Hewitt, P. Kennedy, T. Daley, John Caffpry, W. - Cafiery,'-Captain Barron, D. Barron, John Barron, W. Wood, J. Miller, D. McDonald, A. Brodie, B. McTernara, W. Gardiner, T. Britton, J. Sidney, T. Connolly, Ben., P. Walsh (Brundie), W. Egan, J. C. Campbell, J. Creamer, T. Connolly, iun., S. Laws, R. Aberdeen, jun., ; Robt McLean, J. Turner, J. Rowen, C. Leona'd, B. Patterson, John Mona- - ghan, J.P., W. Martin, M. Georgeson,' J. Kennedy, sen., H. Hodgkinson,- Martin Brown, A. Pepper, John Kennedy (Comerong), John Muller, C. Coulthart, J. Howitt, etc. . .. . The ^ burial service was conducted by the Rev. H. M. Trickett, Rector of St. John's, who at Its close delivered an impressive address. Mr. Trickett said lhat if .the cloeing hours—the closing testimony—of the one now gone meant anything, it waa that he hid put implicit trust and faith^ri his Saviour, Jesus Christ, apd A recognised that mercy'cajne from (Bat. Bouroe -and none other. In George Borrowdale's bidding -of;. farewell to those whom he left, to : undergo a a surgical operation, he (Mr. Trickett^ was reminded of the prayer; "Ijtnd,; letThy servant depart .in .peace, according to Tiiy Word," aqd *jhQ deceased, ; said he went in peace. 1 As the 'Sacram$ot Was partaken "of on thftt occasion, it was felt that it was a fittyng oioBe W x his life around that home 'whtcfii he left, never to return. It hail feeet* proved to him that their departed ' friend was willing to do all for the com- - fort-of those around him; not for hia" own lease and comfort, but iorthosa • a?ar arid dearest. Knowing the small: t cbiahce he had of surviving, George Borrowdale had left his home to placa. himself under the surgeon. But he waa willing to take that chance so that he might take his place again at the headl of his home. Was it not a' heroto deed ? Many a man would rather have gone before the eanncn'a mouth. As they stood by that grave, with all their regrets, they did so «Q admiration of that self-disinterested^ ncss and love for those depending upon him shown- by George Borrowdale. He asked them that day to considertheir lives, and that they should nob turn themselves from their duty ; and let theui give praise to Father, Son, and Holy Ghost for giving the departed one strength to do what he did. Xt Was gratifying to see so many there showing sympathy with the bereaved ones. It took away the keen edge of pain somewhat. But they should let that death be of practical value to. them ; and he trusted that they would not in a week's time,' or a month'& time, or n year's tithe, forget about it, but cleave to the wife and family* knowing a widow and fatherless children depended upon the sympathy of people with whom the deceased had' J^yed- A word more ; not on behalf of . Gieat^e'Bjrrowfale, tior of his sorrowing wife and family, but of that God in whom they must trust. _Theyhad their allotted span, and were" going fast along to their end. .How waa.it' w!th their life 1 Was it illuraintS^ ^y^ that grand hope ? In Lord, let them now decide. Wcu'd: they be with the world and -not on the side of Christ, or witli^Ohrist and against the world ?, Were they ready c if-the call should .come now ^''theiii^'v': The minister concluded: '.£ln£itlfif name of Jesus Christ, who died for every sinner, to-day, if you will hear His voice, harden riot your hearts.. Gfcd the 'Father is ready to receive you.' Why halt ye between two opinions? O, brothers, tie a helpful thought, Here, now as ma areleav-^ ing our brether—that mortal tenement of his. I propose before we leave this ..place we join in singing the ^ytnn, "Safe in the arms of Jesus." l-«The selection was effectively eung K the prayerful voice of a cultivated contralto adding sensibly to the , sad character of the assembly, which dis- persed after Mr. Trickett had. pror nounced the benediction. 