NOTES OF THE DAY. "I must have liberty AVitha), as large a charier as the wind, To blow on whom t please." —AS YOU LIKE IT. When la go performed on Othello tho operation colonially known iib polling his leg, tho big black man, nftor throwing the informer about tile stage and prognosticating that ho would avenge morali ty. by tearing Mru. Othello all to pieces, remarked in a hungry tone, "Blood, Jago, blood!" A per son of that taslo would In these times ho amply satisfied, for in Australia within tho hist few weeks death and disaster liavo been dealt out right and left, and full proof given that it Is not I only water that never rains but It pours. Hero ! is tlila Gatton business, to which may bo truth : lully applied tho description excitedly given to | each succeeding murder, namely, that It Is tho most awful crime on recent record. Here, too, Is tho Melbourne boot box tragedy, with Its strnnge sequence of peculiar persons and unexplained mysteries; also, the little boy shot dead In Queens,- land, tlio arrest of a clergyinun for an unnatural offence, tho prosecution of a couplo of men hero for attempting to commit nil outrageous offence, and tho littlo affnlr on the railway tho other day, when a poor demented man is said to have grossly Insulted two ladles. These and a few others make up a criminal list that is gruesomely noteworthy, and perhaps beats all kite records for tho period covered. Finding causes often moans finding cures, but i In this caso tliero is probably 110 cause but that 1 of coincidence, which is a. thing you can't fight ! Willi serum or any other kind of neutralising de- ; fence. It just happened that several men were j moved contemporaneously to make beasts of them- j selves, and had opportunities for doing so. Be- j causo chanco ordered tilings that way, and a big J nrfln wns linrvnr.fnil If rlnnon'f fAllnm I point is given to tho popular and whlte-whlskercd ! platltudo that human nature Is getting worse. | There is nothing new in crime, any more than In i anything else. Tlio most fiendish- assault on | virtue or life will bo found, when committed, to s liavo been anticipated long ago. The criminal of j our day Is always a plagiarist. And ho doesn't. I flourish In anything like the proportion, or en- | Joy a thousandth part of tho license, J that were formerly his. Shokespcaro know ( a thing or two, and no doubt had j historic backing for what he tells of In "Pericles" and "Titus Adronlcus," for instance. A Hussion ruler— wasn't it Ivan tlio Terrible?— observing a courtier come into tho presence ono dayvwlth ! his hat on, said jauntily, "Nail mo tiiat man's t hat on to hla head!" and It was done, becauso Ivan was rather particular about having things j dono In Ills own funny littlo way. Crimes of that I sort wcro very common In, the old days, when the- ! headsman was a busy man, when womon were | admittedly among tho victor's spoils, and tlio 'j seigneur had Ills rights over his tenants' daugh- ters, and life was counted nothing when greed and lust wanted serving. It Is because men have ! boon educated and frightened Into an lncrcuscd | respect for' life and property ttiut a maniacal act 3 like, the Gatton one thrills the country. A refined | public senso shuddors at tho butchery, and tho I invasion of recognised rights Involved In It. | "What shall wo do to 'get Generals?" somcono ij asks In black head-line type. They are scarce. | cenainiy. woisoicy is said to do oiuciauy re- 5 garded as a back number; Roberts is pretty j old; Kitchener has really never dono anything , but mow down the Dervishes who danced into the | range of his Maxims; and Buller is just a rusher. | Clearly It Is time wo looked about us for some j bright young men to train for the Impending j finish fight with tlio Transvaal, or Germany, or | Franco, or sonto other potential belligerent. I What's this, though? Tho General referred to Is j of the domestic sort. It Is tho General who. In | tho nominally liumblo capacity of a servant, j bosses the kitchen and the household, who minds S tho baby, scrubs tho floor, cooks the dinner, ) answers tho door, and docs any other job that needs doing. Tho demand for such Is brisk, but ) the supply is sbort, and prices are high, and small business is reported. No wonder. Tho general I servant's avorago life. Is rather neatly described 5 by tho lady who sings at a city thoatro (in tho i charactor of a "goneral") that she has boon "as | fythful as a dorg." Tliero often needs to bo a T good deal of tho dog in her to unduro the ex- | perl'chces 'that accrue tp hor, from tho day's ex- a cossivo' work to tho night's lato retirement to a | kennol bedroom. Small marvol that'' girls and a women shrink back from tho servitude they aro | bound into In this way/ and that there Is conso- 1, qucntly a notieoablo scarcity of "generals." Wo , hoar and read a lot about tho growing indlsposl- tion of eligible females to go to service, and the consequent necessity for teaching them hoUBe- work at public expense. But what is needed Just as badly Is a school whero "Missuses'.' would bo 1 uuuicu ujj iu mu iiuiiiuuu way tuvy auutuu gu. Bishop Thornton, of Ballarat, who has got him self much notoriety 'during tho last few. raonth3, has lately been posing as a layer of ghosts. He ) recites In a magazine that ho once went to a house reported by its inhabitants to bo hauuted. Tho spook was In tlio cellar, and' when tho pur- ; son went down there to deal with It ho heard I "fearful groans." Tho parson remarked In a | loud voice, "Avaunt, Abracadabra, I charge theo 5\. to abate these waitings.'! And lie added, ,"A!dt-' l borontophoscophornlo. , Chrononhotonthologos! Now ralso thy voico as loud as thou canst raise ' it." From which it will he observed that tho Bishop leads plays, even such spicy old bur lesques is ho got these big words from; for ; Carey's "Chrononhotonthologos" is — well, just a hit bright' blue, you know. However, lot , that !' pass. Tip ghost was duly laid. Tho weird noise was merely that of a lump of grit being ! pumped up and down a gas-plpo.- So. many ., noises aro lound to bo neither harmful nor ma- , torlal. A Uttle investigation proves that tliero Is no occasion to got alarmed about them or tako any Interest In them. They are just noises ' of tho gas-plpo sort. Isn't it curious that tho Bishop didn't recall this yarn and its pretty point boforo ho made a nolso about Australian moral decadonco a few weeks ago? It Is absurdly jingoistic, of course, for an ' American politician to talk about tho United j States being probably compelled to "whip Ger- \- many," becauso at present tho Stales couldn't do It. If war was declared against Germany on f April 1 next (which would bo an appropriate dato), by May 1 Uncle Sam would oltlier bo eating dirt or hiding in the Interior, wliilo tlio onomy j took his sour-krout and lager In New | York and other American cities by tho j sea. Our : friend with tho tall white hat and the goatee and tho loud voice Is only an infant, so fad as fighting goes, yet, ind any of tlio grown-ups to whom ho offers cheek will glvo him an awful hiding. That is, just now. AViiit a year or two. however, and tho American will bo ready for the biggest, and the bravest, and tho boldest of them. Inspired by tho conceit of conquest to extend his empire, and hacked by millions of ardently patriotic people with money and genius, he will presently tako an easy fall out of almost anything that wrestles with him. Issuing challenges may yet provo essential to his prosperity; tilts giant, having J begun to spread his limbs abroad, is bound to, 'j sooner or later, jostle 301110 nation that will ln- K dlgnantly ask him what tho so-and- so ho means. !j Then thure wilt he a largo fight. And unless It is Willi Britain, or occurs very suuu, 1 to reputable bookmakers and put my llneu on America. Mr. Seddon, the Premier of Now Zealand, has been up into the lernplo and given thanki that I his Legislative Couucll Is not like thut of other Premiers. In Ills country the council, I10 reports with proud thankfulness, doesn't encroach on tho rights, 01' the Lowor House, us Is sometimes deno hi Australia. And yet wasn't It officially an nounced only the other day that part of tho Seddon policy was reform of tlio council, tc frighten or bludgeon it into compliance with Seddon measures? Recent memory seems to have recollections of important hills toed out of existence by New Zealand peers, and of tho blusterous threats thereupon made by the Pre mier of what he would do if that old Upper House didn't bcluivc Itself. The truth Is that New Zea land isn't any hotter ufT with Its nominated Upper House than any other colony owning ono. 11 is more comfortably placed than Victoria and South Australia, where tho elective plan has been adopteil for the "Lords," with the natural re sult that their lordships claim to have a man date, and Insist 011 putting Its big fingers into tho legislative plo. In tho nomlneo-eouucll countries a Government with a majority always has a ring through the noso of tho "oilier place" ; nnd Mr. Srddou merely got complianco by giving »uj vuocuvu lug m. 1110 ring-ropo iu ihuojiii. aalmat going contrarlwiso again. ALIQUIS. 