Music and Drama. Sir. Williamson has arrived in Sydney from Melbourne with encouraging accounts of the success of "The Belle of New York." "The Gay Lord Inex," Pinero's new play, in which Sir. John Hare will play the title part, is now well nigh completed, and pro mises to be of very interesting quality, as the author has touched upon subjects both grave and gay in the course of the four aots during which the drama proceeds. Miss Agnes Hewitt has (says the Daily JTail) discovered a new dramatist, whose pseudonym of Alfred B. Wise hides the per sonality of a doctor of medicine. Miss Hewitt intends to take his ploy, "Found at Last," ou tour in the coming spring. A new: dramatist! " Found at Last." j Mr. Charles Frohman and Mr. Bram j Stoker have completed all arrangements con- j nected with Sir Henry Irving's approaching American tour. Sir Henry will open at the Knickerbocker Theatre, New York, on October, 30, playing there for three weeks, and thencej proceeding to Boston, Philadelphia, Wash-! mgton, Brooklyn, Baltimore, Pittsburg,! Cleveland, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Toronto, I Detroit, and Baffalo. Miss Clara Clemens, the daughter of Samuel! L. Clemens, who is better known as Mark Twain, is a great favourite in society in Vienna, where the family are spending their second winter. Miss Clemens has a voice of great sweetness and power, and is studying with the intention of going on the concert stage, although she first took up singing, as most society girls do, merely as an accotn pnsnment. While in America. Mr. W. S. Gilbert was one evening- at a fashionable fanctxoa given by aJady of tho "new ri^h" order, who posed as a patron of music, but who had not had time to educate herself. She was foolish enough to attempt to "show off " before the English celebrity. "£nd what is Bach (' Batch* she called it) doing now?" she said; "Is he composing anything?" "No, madam," immediately replied Mr. Gilbert, without the ghost of a smile. "No, madam, Batch is just now decomposing!" A Chinese woman dramatist named Wion wea has written a masque, the English title of which is " Rewards of Virtu® and Valour," and the piece has just been produced in the Chinese Theatre in New York. Wion-weu is only 28 years of age, and has written plays for many years; but as there appears to be a prejudice against women dramatists in China, she left- her native country and went to America, where one of her works was given some little time ago in San Francisco.. The time of representation is five hours. A most interesting reHc has just come into the possession of Mr. Beerbohm Tree, consist ing of the original seal specially cut for the first Her Majesty's Theatre in 1S37, when the Queen ascended the throne. It has been in the possession of Colonel Mapleson since 1S47, and he obtained it from his father. Colonel Mnpleson has presented it to Mr. Tree, who thinks of making use of it as a kind of dis tinctive trade mark, so to speak, of Her Majesty's. At the Philosophical Hall, Leeds, the Rev. Canon Bullock, vicar of Holy Trinity Church, raid he recently had the pleasure of hearing a first-class regimental band. Directly after wards be went to a music hall—an odd music hall. There was some 44 mu.-ic " at the place. (Laughter,) It sounded like six cals and threodogs all having their tails trodden upon at once." (Loud laughter.) Nevertheless, it was produced by one Lady in a solo. He could not say that it sounded out of tune with regard to the accompaniment, because the hitter sounded to him lake three cocks and four bens and u donkey all singing at the same time—(great laughter)—and this lady, he was told, was paid at the rate of £-5 a night. 1 The Imperial Institute authorities have decided not to, import an orchestra this year (says the " Orchestral Association Gazette "). The reason is stated to be the loss which has accrued to the Imperial Institute during the past few years by the engagement of im ported orchestras, an admission which will probably surprise those who averred last year that these imported orchestras were engaged because they were cheaper than resident ones. It will be a real surprise to many to know that the cost of the Campanari orchestra last year was £4S0 a week. We are content to leave it to anyone experienced in orchestral enterprises to say whether £1SQ a week is cheaper than could be managed by engaging at home. Multiply £4S0 by a 13 weeks* seasou and you aravo at £6,210. In other words, if the amounts spent by the Imperial Institute on imported orchestras since the tirst Strauss one in lS9o are taken into con sideration, it "will be easy to estimate how much money this national institution has sent | out of the country. - At Queen's Hall, London, on February 110, Madame Albani gaveafarewell concert prc : rious to her departure for South Africa (says | the D.u7y Jfttil). Professor Stanford's " Tc Doum " was composed iu honour (so the phrase goes) of Her Majesty's diamond jubilee, and it was performed at the Leeds Festival lost year. The solo parts were taken by Madame Albani, Miss Ada Crawley, Mr.EdwardLloyd, and Mr. Santley. It was heard for the tirst time in London on this occasion, and met with tho most decided appreciation. "The Old Brigade" is ever popular in England; and iu most cases rightly so. Mr. Lloyd's voice—although he has announced that hi* retirement is imminent—is wonderfully strong and fresh; Mr. Santloy remains a " savant" of his art; Miss Ada Crossley is young—a leaven, as it .were, of youth. Madame Xlhani, who once hud a wonderfully full voice, with but little artistry of method, has now. a voice that has, from natural causes, [ lost its power, but nevertheless one which makes an effect by reason of its increased sympathy of endeavour. This is perhaps an enigmatical word of praise ; but praise is meant. Miss Isabel E. Sullivan, of Cincinnati, Ohio, has dedicated her new song, "TbcUnretum ing Brave," to "our fallen heroes." Tho words and music are her own. Mme. Albani-Gye is now on a concert tonr in South Africa. Her husband, Mr. Erncsc Gye, accompanies her, and Mme. Albania concert party comprises the following ladies i and gentlemen: Mr. G. Whitehead, Mr. j D'Anbigni, Mr. D. S. Wood, and Mr. and ; Mr3. Leom. An excellent idea ha3 been put in opera i tion by Mr. Beerbohm Tree at Her Majesty's Theatre. Placed conspicuously in front of | the musical conductor's desk is a white tablet ! on which appears, visible from every part of the house as soon as the curtain falls on each ,act, a notification of the length of tho interval. A concert recently given in a town in Virginia was responsible for a curious error, which seems to show that the Americans aro still dominated by the martial spirit. Tho second West Virginia band was announced to play, among other things, " Mozart's Twelfth Massachusetts "—the Twelfth Mass being , supposed to refer to that regiment. 