VA¬ r AlIES OF DAN CUiPIf. CIRCUMSTANCES UNDEiR WiHICOR PEOPLE HAVE SAID "I WILL." Of all subjects marriage is perhaps the most generally interesting- except to the married. Ilore is a catalogue of curiosi ties In matrimony. Probably the briefest courtship on re cord was that of John Date and Mary Ann Bass, who were married in August 1819, in a small town in Now York State, after an acquaintanceship of one hour. A poet of the period thus immortalised the event: Is tills not angling; well, I ask, Such tender bait to take? Hin caught in one short. hour a Bass, The Bass, though, caught the Bate. On the other hand, long extended court ships are by no means uncommon. A con spicuous one was that between Captain Thomas Baxter, of Quincey, and Miss Whitmore, who were united at Bridge water in 1788. The bridegroom was Of, years, old, and the brido 57. Their wed ding brought to a successful issue a pro tracted and tedious courtship of 48 years, which they both sustained with uncom mo0 fortitude. Coming down to our own times, the year 1892 is noteworthy for perhaps the most expeditious marriago ceremony ever performed. it occurred il the States. The contracting parties desired to catch a particular boat, so a justice made them husband and wife in a carriage while the horses were being rapidly driven to the wharf. A minister refused to unite the couple, and only ton minutes remained before the departure of the steamer; but even in that brief space a justice was found and the knot was tiled. T'e happy pair caught the boat. Marriages in queer places are but the natural outcome of this novelty-loving age. In 1897 a wedding was gone through in a den of lions, when the bride and bride groom, the clergyman, and us many of the bridesmaids as could find room, entered the den, and the entire ceremony was gone through. There were two lions in the cage, but they appeared too amazed to show ferocity. During the Chicago World's Fair a mar riage took place on the Ferris wheel, at a height of 2iOft. above the ground. An other coupl0 chose the inside of the bead of ti1e huge ilgure of the goddess of liberty in Now York l-Iarbour for the marriage. Very quaint, 1.00, was the idea of the bride groom who chose a spot in a cemetery close to the grave of his first wife as the scene for his second marriage ceremony. Weddings have been solemnised in hal loons, and in coal mines, by telephone, and on the phonograph, in show windows. and on house roofs; in fact, in all sorts of places have twos be1n made ones, not excepting ieauth-beds. It. connection with death-bed marriages, here is a remarkable incident. Some years ago a young Ifungarian military etlicer was requested to pay a visit tot a rich widow of 00, who, the doctors said, was on the po01t of death. The soldier went, and the lady said that if lie married her all her wealth would be1 his. Think ing the chance too great to be thrown away, he agreed, and they were married. Then a remlarkcable thing halppened. The supposed dying woman pticked up her health again, and lived for another 20 years, eventually going hence iu 1890. It is a truly sad story, as the young man's life was ruined by his unhappy marriage. The chaplain of a county gaol once mar riod a convict. The clergyman was a widower with quite a retinue of children. This exceptional union would not have been k(nown but for the fact that the wife neglected to report herself on her ticket of-leave, and the otficials of the penal de partment complained accordingly. In consequence of this the chaplain was ap pointed to another prison. Many unexpected things have happened at weddings, but it is rare indeed that one hears of a bride becoming insane im mediately after the ceremony. Such a case, however, occurred at a marriage in Stuttgart. Tile couple were returning home from the registry of0ice when sud denly the bride sprang fron the carriage and ran to her mother's house, where she threw herself on the floor, screaming that ghosts were following her. The unfortu nate lady had gone raving mad, and was taken to a lunatic alsylum. In 1892, at Christchurcb, New Zealand, a wonran milnlus arms was married, the ring being placed on the fourth toe of her left foot. Such an event has occurred before. In the marriage register of the Church of St. James, Bury St. Edmunds, is this singular record:-"1832, November 5, Chris. topher Nernson, Charity Morrell. Charity Morrell being entirely without arms the ring was placed upon the fourth toe of her right foot, and she wroto her name In this register with her right foot." The Latest.-The "latest" is always to be found in the "Examiner," the oldest c5ly paper in Tasmania. Strahan.-Visitors and residents can get the "Examiner" from E. A. Terry, the local agent. 