IN FULL CRY. By RICHARD MARSH, Author of "the Beetle—A Mystery,* "The Crime and the Criminal," "The Datchet Diamonds," "Mrs. Musgraveand Her Husband," "The Woman ■with On? Hand," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXIX.—(Continued). I* or. tiie iirst time the speaker showed & trace of passion. The epithet, though, he still spoke quietly, was uttered with a sin cerity winch seemed to make it strike his hearers in the face. "He threw his wickedness at me, by way of a gibe, like the scoundrel that he was; for he was a scoundrel. I say it, though he is dead; if I meet him in -the shades I will say it to his ghost. I felt something in the pocket of my coat. It was the revolver which I had taken from the mantelshelf. I took it out and show ed it to him, and asked him how he dared to speak to me like that when, if I chose, at any moment, I coulid shoot him like a dog. He laughed, exclaiming that he was qmte easy in his mind, since that sore of thing was not in my way, or I should have done it long ago; which, in a sense, was true enough. "I found that, after all, I could not ask for the charity, the desperate hope of which had brought me to him. I felt that, if I did ask, it would be refused. But I could not ask. And since the. jeer ing hideous allusion to the evil, which I and others had suffered at his hands, had served to stir even my sodden pulses, I turned to leave the room. "But he would not have it. From his point, perhaps, the sport had only just commenced. He saw plenty more of it to follow. His appetite was whetted, he would not have it baulked. As I turned he sprang forward, caught me by the shoulder, swung-me round. That picture, is ever before me, I see him moving to- . wards me, gripping my right shoulder, swinging me round. The rest is dark. That is all that I remember." "What do you mean by saying that that is all you remember? Though, mind, you are under no obligation to utter another word. What you do say will be said voluntarily, after being duly warned that, for you, the consequences may be most serious. I want you to understand that quite distinctly." "I do understand. I do not speak with out consideration." "Very good. So long as you properly appreciate your responsibility for your own words. How have you^ anything fur ther which you wish to say?" . "I have. At this point in my mental consciousness there seems to have-been supervened ' an interregnum—a hiatus,' which I have endeavored, again and again to fill in. The next thing which I remem ber is that I awoke out of what appeared to be a state of torpor, to find myself ly ing on the floor of what seemed to be a strange room. It was only after I had laboriously gained my feet that 1 realised that the room was Shapcott s. My, brain was in confusion. I was giddy—ob jects were whirling round before my eyes; my limbs were trembling—I had to lean against the table to keep myself upright; I clearly recall how the sharp corner of the table penetrated the palm of my band. Many moments must have elapsed before I was able to even remotely appreciate the true inwardness of my position. "As my vision, mental and physical, .grew clearer I perceived that, immediate ly in front of me, something was lying on the floor. I had been dimly- wondering what bad become of Shapcott; here be was upon the floor. I wondered what he was doing there. 'Shapcott!' I said. 'Shapcott!' He did not answer. 'Shap cott!' I repeated, 'why don't you speak to me? What is the matter?' "Again no reply. His continued silence began to impress even my blurred compre hension as ominous. Endeavoring to col lect my thoughts, I regarded him with more attention and was struck by the rigidity of his attitude, his complete quiescence, despite the uncomfortable pos ture in which lie lay and the fashion in which his limbs were twisted. I bent over liirn. I touched liim. He was dead. "When I realised that this was so I ask ed myself, in my surprise and my bewilder ment, how the thing had come about. The only explanation which either then or since I have been able to supply I offer you. All my life 'I have been subject to an affection of the heart, which has caused me on very many occasions, generally at moments of unusual excitement, suddenly, without the slightest warning, to become completely unconscious. I have continued, sometimes for hours together, to be like one dead. I can only conjecture that, when Shapcott gripped- me by the shoulder, I was seized by one of these at tacks; that I fell; that, in falling, the re volver, which I .was holding in my hand, was fired, and that its discharge killed him on the spot. Whether the responsibility for this was his or mine I have been: un able to finally decide'; it seems to me that it must have been purely accidental. "I think it possible that your lordship may consider that, the facts being as I have narrated them, I ought to have gone straightway and proclaimed them to the first person I might meet. That, also, may be the opinion of the gentlemen of the jury. I did not do so. In the first place, although consciously, I had bad no hand in killing Howard Shapcott, I did not regret that he was dead. Hor have I regretted it since. In the second place, I had cut my self adrift from my family; T had been nartcd from tliem for years; I had sunk lower and lower in the social scale. I did not propose, if I could help it, to allow the fact of my continued existence to be brought to their notice. In the third place, the story which I had to tell was a strange one—as you will have perceived. It quite probably would not have been credited. I did not choose to subject myself to the per sonal inconvenience to which, in any case, its telling would have subjected me. And, in the last nlace, there was someone lying at home who, quite probably, would die if I did not hasten back with succour. "Some coins were lying on the floor. They had probably fallen from Shapcott's pocket. I do not know what-was the exact amount, hut. whatever it was, I snatched them up. A ring and bracelet also lay close by him. I took them too. Opening one of the French windows, I saw that there was a balcony without. Stepping on to it, I pulled the window to behind me. Moving along the balcony I found that at the window of the next room the blind was up. ffust inside, a man with a black heard was standing, liis face against the pane. I felt that lie must have seen me as I pass ed. I was seized with a panic of terror, I rushed frantically on. At the end of the balcony was a waste water-pipe fastened to the wall. By its aid I descended to the ground, I am no athlete. I have surveyed the scene since, and it has been strongly borne in upon me that the most mysterious part of the night's proceedings is how, by the em ployment of sucli means, I. could have safe ly readied the ground. ""Nothing which I have said has beem of fered in extenuation of my conduct. I have no wish to excuse myself. As clearly and briefly as I could 1 have laid before you the facts of the matter as they are known to me. Up to now they have been known to me only. I should have con tinued to keep my own confidence had it not been for the verdict of the jury on Ro bert Foster. It lias, not been part of my intention . to allow him to suffer for a crime which was no crime, and of which lie, in any case, was wholly and completely innocent. That, my lord and gentlemen, of the jury, is all I have to lay before you." The silence .which followed the speaker's words was broken by the sound of a fe minine voice. A door was thrown open; a woman came hastening into the court. "Gentleman! Gentleman!" she. cried. "I heard you speaking! I knew it was you!" Before anyone could stop her she had pushed her way through the people to where Blaise Polhurston stood. It was Pol lie Hills. He turned, as she came, and took her in his arms, before'them all. • "Pollie! "'We-meet at Philippi!' " - . Although it was unlikely that she gather- , ed Iris exact import, it was plain that her guess came pretty near to it. Her tone was tremulous. _ _ . "What are you doing here? You haven't been telling them anything?" - ."Yes, Pollie, I have. I've told them everything—the whole strange story.'' "Gentleman! Gentleman!" 'The usher's voice was heard. "Silence! Order there!" The judge leaned over the bench. "What is the meaning of these extraor dinary proceedings? Take that; -woman away." , -/ . -PolUe turned and screamed at him. • "You touch me! You.let anyone so much Bs lay. a hand on me! You let 'em darO!" "Look out!" exclaimed a voice. "He's going to fall." . The allusion was to 'Blaise Polhurston, Who did fall. ' Pollie caught him in her arms. She looked at him-with a .blend S»f amazement,' horror, fear." ' • '"Gentleman!" she gasped. "What's Wrong?".. There was nothing wrong. He was only dead., That affection of the heart of which he had been telling them had visited him for. the last time. 