'llie Romance of Bank Failures. Like a ghost that refuses to be laid, the City of Glasgow Bank still still Us through the land, and clanks its chains within the precincts of the Law Ontiris (remarks the "Scotsman"). It is now known undwr tlie name ol the Assets Company, which-was formed shortly, after the collapse of the bank to take over the outstanding assets of the concern. By the settlement for £ 17,000 of its action against the representatives of the late Mr. Tosh, a farmer near Crail, it has obtained another windfall.. Tlie circumstances of the case are somewhat peculiar, and are calculated to make those compounding debtors to the bank who still survive feel ill at ease. At the time ol the bank's failure, Mr. Tosh held £400 worth of stock in the ccncern. and he was therefore liable in ab -ut 24 times that amount, or ji!),G00, to satisfy (.he creditors. Ruin stared him in the face, and on tlie plea that his bidding in the bank represented all his savings he was discharged by the liquidator. He paid, however, £, 1,700, being the value of his (aim and stock, &c; About three years ago he died, a bachelor, and left a considerable iortune, amounting, so far as we can recullect, tn £20,000. The Argus eye of the Assets Company was immediately fixed upon his egg-nest,, and the company very naturally set about to find out how a fanner in Fife had acquired it since 1878. at which time he pr<>f' j ss< j d to be ruined. An investigation p-vcaled the fact that, at l!n- very time. <d the bank's et lLpse lie held stocks and shares of '-onsiderable value ill various public campanies. An action was at once raised to have the discharge by Mie liquidator reduced, on the ground th.it it had been granted on the understanding that the deceased had no further investments of any sort therewith to pay his siiare of the gen< r.-.l deficiency. Tho action 1ns drugged its slow length along for almost three years, and reduction of the discharge was granted by the Court several months ago, and an account of the estate otdered to be lodged. The large sum .if £17,000, winch has been paid to settle the case, does not. in reality represent th'o w'lole ani-U'it which the Assets C'Miipinv filed for, as interest has t) be iiildI'd t<> the capital sum tor 20 years. 