PERSONAL ; A remarkable prophecy was made by King- lake 60 years ago. Writing ot the Sphinx In ! 1837, be declared that some day "the Eng- j llshmnn, leaning far over to hold his loved ! India, will plant a firm foot on the bankB of the Nile, and sit In the seats of the faith- ' ful." The nationality of the Sirdar seems to be ! settled beyond further controversy by the following extract from a letter written by I himself:— "I am afraid," the Sirdar writes, "that I can only claim to be an Irishman through having been born and brought np In Ireland. I am always proud to consider my self a Kerryman. I hope some day I may visit you and the old country again." "Truth" states that Mr. A. J. Wilson Is resigning the city editorship of the "Stan- dard." If thut be the case, London dally Journalism Is losing one of Its most con spicuous personal forces. Mr. Wilson is a pessimist — a Jeremiah of the city — but he is the greatest living critic of finance, and no modern journalist wields a more powerful or a more honest pen. . There has been some controversy as to the authorship of the remarkable article In the current "Quarterly," In which the llterary slns of Miss Marie Corclll and Mr. Hall Caine are laid open with a fierce success. A more trenchant bit of. .criticism Is not often seen, and the writer of It Is a critic of know ledge, for we have reason to believe that it Is from the pen of the Kev. Dr. Barry, of Dorchester. Au undergraduate at Cambridge was, on one occasion, conducting "somebody's sis ter" round the "Fitzbllly" (as the "Fltz- Willlam Museum" was Irreverently called). Suddenly she pulled up at the marble group of the she- wolf suckling Romulus and Ite- uius. "Look," she cried, to the amusement of oilier visitors, and to the dismay of her accompanying swain,, "there's ltomeo and Juliet!" The oldest novcllBt In the world Is M. Louis Enault. the well- known French romance writer, who was born at Islgny In 1702, and will In a few dnys attain his 106tb birthday. M. Enault took part In Napoleon's cnmnalgn In Russia, . nnd at the Pass of Beresina lost three fingers by froBt bite. M. Enault has published a large number of novels, and has still a wide circle of readers In France. He Intends, on the anniversary of his 100th birthday, to Issue a new novel. A good story Is told at the expense of a celebrated actor- musician, to whom a young nnd clever author submitted a new play of considerable promise. In due course he delivered the play, nnd then ensued a long period of silence. At length the author re ceived an Invitation to Innch, and talk things over. The actor-muslclun was extremely polite and very complimentary, but the au thor could see that something weighed on his mind. At last It came out. "I like your play Immensely," he said; "It Is so nnd so, and so and so, but It lias one great, one radical defect, that makes success Impossible for It!" "Good heavens!" the author cried. "And what Is that?" "There Is a scoundrel in your play; he Is u bad man, a cold-blooded monster, and you make hlin play lie 'cello! My dear sir, no villain could ever play the 'cello!" An amuslug story Is told aneut the Ille gibility of the handwriting of Lord Curzon of Kedlcston, Viceroy of India, when a student at Oxford. It appears ti)nt he had written two letters, one to a relative, the other to a chum with whom he usually dls- cuBsed the faults and merits of their re spective uncles and aunts. He discovered shortly afterwards that he had put these letters Into the wrong envelopes, and was about to write nn.ahjcct apology. to his re lative when he received the following note from him: — "My dear George, — Can't rend n word of yonr four pages, but guess you want some money, you young rascal." A handsome tip was enclosed. Recently Mr. Kipling sold a book to his publisher at a rate that worked out to Is. a word. The publication of this fact came under the notice of a Fleet-street humorist, who. "for the fun of the thing," wrote to the author, saying that, as wisdom seemed to be quoted at retail prices, he himself would like one word, for which lie enclosed a Is. postal order. The reply came, lu due ! course. Mr. Kipling had kept the Is. pOBtnl ; order, and politely returned (written on a ' large sheet of paper) the word "Thanks!" Mr. John L. Toole lias been Invaliding at Margate. One of his chief delights Is in ! the early noon to be wheeled In his bath 1 chair, taking with him bis dally paper and "Punch, along the front or on to the Jetty extension, where he gets out and walks about. In all his perambulations Mr. Toole Is invariably accompanied by his nephew. Whilst sitting at the end of the extension one afternoon, and looking out on the sea, the nephew remarked, "Uncle, there are lots of porpoises playing all nbout In the water," whereupon the punning uncle at once added, "Yes, I suppose they ciime a-purpose." Prince George of Greece, who has been appointed Governor-General of Crete, has always been one of the most popular of foreign-royalties, amongst English people. His conspicuous bravery on more thati' one : occasion 1ms shown that he Is a man as well ns a l'rlnce. On one occasion he plunged Into the harbor of Pirteus, when a high sea was running, risking his life In the hnpplly successful attempt to rescue a drowning sailor, and It will be also remembered with wlint promptness nnd dexterity he averted what might have been u fatal nttempt on the life of the present Czar when, as the Czarewltcb, he was travelling in Japan. On one occasion George Eliot was very anxious about the safety of the MS. of "Deronda," and wauted to have It back, but dared not trust It to the post office. The publisher, Bluckwood, said he could not bring it hlmBelf next day, but could send It by a trusty messenger (the footman). At this she quailed. "Oh, he might stop at a public lioiiBe and forget It." Assured that such a lapse had never been known to occur, "Then might he not, if he were the sort of high-minded Bayard described, be very like ly to stop and help at a fire?" This was a contingency never contemplated, and finally, after much laughter, promise was given that some member of the family should place the MS. In her hands. Herr von Rudbart, who died the other day on his estate near Garinlscli, was the victim some years ago of one of those ferocious 1 outbursts of temper which Prince Bismarck occnslonnlly displayed In private ns well ns In public. As the representative In Ber lin of Ludwlg II., of Bavaria, Herr von Rudhart had n difficult part to play during the Kulturknmpf. In May, 1880, on being Invited to a polltlcnl soiree by the Reichs- konzler, he bnd to defend himself In conver sation against the grim plensnntrles of his host on the burning topic of the day. Sud denly, without any visible provocation, the latter turned upon him In a fury, and shouted so that nil present could hear him. "You are conspiring with Jews, Papists and Freethinkers." The Bavarian Minister turned -paje, tiiaild 'ilippfrlte reply, and at once left itKo-houae. His' Sovereign, how ever, refused tSwUhdrajy. him,- but allowed him a long lell«>(()f Absence. . . y' Herr Lungeu7't1ie:editorr-bf the humorous Bavarian paper "Slmpllclssimus," and Herr Heine, the draftsman of the Palestine cartoon, have lied to Switzerland rather than face the pains and penalties of a conviction for lese uinjeste. Never surely were two men driven to expatriation for so slight a cause. It Is difficult to understand how even so thin-skinned an autocrat ns the Kaiser could have been .moved to wrath by this trilling pictorial : witticism. The ghosts of Godefroi do Bouillon' anil Frederlck'.'Barbnr- ossn are revisiting the glimpses of the moon nmid the ruins of the Holy City, when the latter picks up the Kaiser's helmet, pug garee and nil. His fat sides shaking and his mouth agnpe with uncontrollable merriment, he shows Ills find to Godefroi, who remarks: "Stow your silly laughter. Why, our crusades hadn't any serious purpose either." Colonel Roosevelt's campaign previous to his election as Governor of New York State Involved not a little hard work. On one evening he made eight speeches In Brooklyn and New York, and his movements had to be as accurately timed as those of a music hall performer who does several turns. First, he dined at Brooklyn with one club and rushed off to another, where he spoke nt 7.30, leaving In time to get to another hall at 7.55; a third at 8.1C, a fourth at 8.45. a fifth at 0.10, a Btxth at 0.35. Then he took a special boat across the river, and nddressed a meeting In New York at 10.20, and finished up with another speech in another place at 10.45. H. M. S. CRESCENT. /V.'-1 ' (THE NEW CRUISER FOR THE AUSTRALIAN SQUADRON.) .' „ /' 