fHTMTsSING HEIR OF CALLONBY. By Mus. G. Sheldon, Authoress of 44 Dorothy's Jewels," "The Masked Bridal," Etc. CHAPTER XXXI. THE GHOST. t as a long while bofore Madge could ,rer her composure ; she knew ahe had caused the Doke of Wentworth the keen est sorrow a man can know, for ehe had road his doep, true love, in those grave honest eyes of his, and au intonae desire l. j into her heart, that she might lore him even as iie deserved. >lje is a noble-hearted man, mamma, »»d I honor him as much as anyone whom ! have ever known. 1 know he will make (hc womau he marries inexpressibly hai»i>F . but 1 xAt 1 h4ve lor him is not what it should be to become his wife," aaid Madge, as she sat at her Hiuther'a feet, her tearfnl face buried in her Up. . , _ "1 knew of thiB, dear, aud am sorry now I did nut give you a hint of what was coining : hut your father aud 1 really hoped that you did care for him, and would give him the answer ho desired, lie is indeed a most estimable young man not to nieution his wealth and the position he occupies. 1 think your father will be a trifle disappointed, love," re turned Mrs Dispeau, a little sadly. But you would rather 1 would be uue to myself, even to the sacrifice ot becoming "a duchess, would you not, uisiuiu 1" asked the young girl, lifting her head, and regarding her mother ear nestly. Certainly, Margaret ; but knowing, or BUpiwsinu your heart to be free, 1 thought you could not fail to reciprocate the affec tion of the duke, especially aa you had appeared to take so much pleasure in his society/' and Mrs Dispeau regarded her daughter somewhat anxiously, and calluo to miud the thoughts aud suspicion which Madge's unusual excitement had caused only "iwi' or three hours before, wheu she was speaking of Lord Cuthbert. Madge did not reply to this remark, but her eyes drooped half guiltily at the tram uf thought which it suggested to her also Was she heart-free 1 I iter) this morning she had believed so, and even wheu alio had told the duke that elie could uot be his wife, no thoughts of love for another had entered , her mind. But now, like a ray of light, ii eiine t.i her, that if alio had received hie <.tfor before that eventful night wheu she had discovered Lord Cuthbert iu the Tank below, she would not liavo refused hiin. . . The revelation startled her with its suddeuuess, and at tho same time caused her intense shame and mortification, and yi-t she would not stop to analyse her feeliiijs further, but with an impatient movement she arose and suddculy left the room ; and wheu, half-au-hour later, she returned, having exchanged her evening dress for a wrapper, her face was caliu and impenetrable, although somu- Vnsi paler than usual. When at last all was quiet iu the castle, ibe iir«> young girls prepared to make i/ieir nocturnal visit to Lord Cuthbert. Nora was very much interested iu the secret du'.r which she had never dreamed itd iv euoii niy&iuriuB; Doiow, much more that it led from hor own rooms. And it was wiili a sort of awe stealing over hor that she followed the guidance of hor friend. With noiseless steps they glided down thi- Epiml staircase, passed through the eocjud secret door, down the flight of atone steps, and on through the passage toward the vault, which had so long been the prison-house, aud well-nigh the tomb of LurJ Cuthbert Callonby. Nora grew bo weak and faint, and clung en nervously to Madge as she approached tbcepjt, that she feared she would fall unconscious before they could reach the room. "Dj uot give up, Nora, darling ; be bravo, be strong, for if we make any uu- usual noise, aud are dissevered, all will be Here wo are. Hold the candle while 1 draw the bolts," commanded Made, But ehe could not, her shaking ringers refused to grasp the silver candlestick, and eho leaned panting against the solid wall, while Madge set it upon tho floor and then quickly slipped the bolls aud pushed open the door. luaniuaunt Lord Cuthbert houuded forward, and clasped his loved sister in his anus, drawing her within his room. Fur several minutes he held her close to his heart, his breath coming iu Ions, deep-drawn sighs, while Nora lay back against his breast, her eyes closed, and 4i'i«t and white as the wrapper, for which Madge had made her exchange her tra veling dress after reaching tho castle. It seemed to her as if she would never wish to move again ; she was content, at vest. Uer brother, go long mouruod as dead, was alive and well, and it was joy vuouh to lie there and feel the liorcu 'robbing of his heart. The excess of happiness deprived her of all hor strength, and almost of sense. Lord Cuthbert, wheu ho began to re cover his self-possession, thought she luuat have fainted, she was so still. "My pi>ur darling, you have suffered, I too ; bet God is good to give us back to wch other once moro," ho marmurod, bending to look into her face. At the sound of his dear voice she asoketo life again ; her white arms crept up around his neck ; she lifted her face and Uid her cheek against his, and while the clung to him close, and yet closer, a vild, quivering sob broke from her lips, followed by a passionate burst of tears. Madge turned and wont out into the pwwge, leaving the two alone ; she could Jt witness their sacred meeting, and ker own tears wore flowing fast iu sym- 1 lathy. | 8J remained a long time, hor heart | jw«d with a strange, sweet joy, as ahe j 'Waned to the low murmurs of their Tmw, and ahe said to herself, exult- antly j "The sorrows of Callonby are uearly | 0er, , and happiness will reign once moro I "J. these castle walls !" I She in oat have remained standing thus j «> newly half an hour, when ahe waa i luddoDly startled by the sound of ; footsteps at the farther end of the passage. uw heart stood still with a terrible I bot only for a moment, for she knew I o taust act, if she would save him, 1 and herself. I "ith a wild bound sho was back within , . her hand upon Nora's, her «A taee startling them like a ghost, and her husky tones : Nora 1" ahe gasped. "Someone coming through the passage yonder 1 yqotckJy, or we are y "peed of the wind the terror, girls Bprang from the vaulc- !?7j8 Lord Cathbert paralysed at the sudden news. »tep3they sprang it W Becret passage, hoping to gain .Before lbs person, whoever it might 5-®® sight, and thos escape I "vuoe, rSSl Thoy could see the glimmer of a light— their own they had left behind in their fright— at first faint, then growing brighter as it advanced toward them. Nearer, aud yet nearer it came, and in a moment mote the horrified girls saw the burly figure of Ralph Caijouby emerge from the gloom, bearing a fightod candle in hia hand, and evidently bent on a visit bo his solitary nephew. Ilia head was bent, as if in deep thought, so that he did not see the terror stricken maidens, and with slow, delibe rate steps lie advanced toward them. Madge saw they could not escape, and as Nora was several steps beyond her, sho could not attract her attention without speakiug, and, with a faintly-breathed petition for help, ahe slipped into an empty vanlt to await, in almost suffocating suspense, the result of the encounter. Nora, too, saw how futile was the at tempt to avoid him, and as ho drew uoar, aud tho light flared upon his face, she could see tho samo dark and malignant scowl upon it which had so terrified her in the years goue by. Her face aud lips grow bloodless, hor eyes became dark and wild with terror ; her strength suddenly failed her, her lips refused to move, aud, with a desperation born of despair, she suddenly shopped to coufront liim, and thus awaited his approach iu tho midst ot tho passage. In all llit years of hor after life, sho never forgot that moment, Sho expected he would kill her whore she stood, and thou murder hor brother, and tho fearful horror, after nor intense happiness of the last half-hour, seemed turning her to stone. Ralph Callonby had no thought that his progress was to bo impeded, uulil, wheu only about two feet from Nora, sho wildly put forth hor hand to keep him off, and her icy Jiugors just swept his cheek. Ho lifted his head, muttering a startled oath as he did so. In an instant his feet also became rivetted to the stones beneath him, a wild look of fear blauched his face, aud stayed tho blood in his veins ; his very flesh seemed to shrivel upon his boueB, while a stiuging paiu crept through his every nerve, as if ho were seized with a sudden cramp, and his knees visibly trembled. Only a moment he stood thus, regard ing that waxen, almost breathless figure, yet iu that moiueut he lived ail eternity of horror ; then, with a howl which reverbe rated through that passage like the cry of a lost demon, he suddenly dropped hie candle, and turning with tho speed of lightning, he fled back thiough tho dark passage ho had but just traversed, nor abated his pace one iota, until panting and breathless, his eyes starting from his head, aud cold beads of perspiraliuu standing at every pore, lie reached his own apartments, and sank down upon the floor trembling as with an ague fit. 44 For Heaven's sake, Uulph Caiiouby, what is the mattor with you V demanded his wife, who was still up, aud writing some instructions for the nousokooper to follow ou the morrow. 44 Ma-matter enough, I can tell you," he gasped, wiping the sweat fiotn his brow, and his teeth chattering. 41 But what is it — are you til ?" sho asked, in alarm, rising, and going to his side, as she saw how pale ha was. 44 No, no ; though I never felt quite so shaky before in my life. Maria, Nora is dead 1" ho returned, with a horrible shudder, and staring blankly at her. 44 Xora dead— really dead, do you mean ? IIow do you kuow 1 and how could you icceive Iho news so late at night? You didn't know this an hour ago/' said Mrs Callonby, now really startled herself. "No, 1 did not, but I have juBt seen her ghost I" 44 Her ghost, indeed ! Ralph C&lhmby;, 1 thought you were above such things. You know there are uo such things as ghosts/' &he; replied, impatiently, and then added, heartlessly: "And what if she is dead, it only puts an end to so much more trouble and anxiety. Sho is out of the way for good nnd all now. 1 only wish her brother would be as accom modating. But as for you seeing her wraith — nonsense !" " But 1 tell you I have," ho reiterated. " When 1 left you a while ago, 1 went to the butler's room to give him some orders about the wine to be used to-morrow evening. And then 1 thought I'd go and see that— boy, whom 1 have not seen now for two or three days, 1 have been so busy about this affair. As 1 let myself into the secret passage that leads to Iris room, I was thiuking deeply, and walked with my head bent down. 1 had got about half way in tho passage when something white shot out before, and touched toy check, making the very marrow in my bones freeze, it was so icy cold. Of course, I was startled, and looked up, but 1 swear to you that 1 saw Nora Callonby stand ing thero all in while, right in my path, and her eyes burning me through with that same sad. terrified look sho gave me the day that that body was brought here. She never moved, but stood there like a b'o:k of stone, so that I could not go on without touching her, and that was more than mortal niau could do Ugh ! ugh I ) shall never get that ghastly face out of tny miud as long as 1 live— drat it 1 And uf all times, to come just now, when everything is so gay and jolly," he con cluded, rising, and sinking weakly into a large rocking-chair. " Kalph, you havo either been eating something to disturb yoar digestion, or else you have takou too much wine this ovouiug. Do get this uoLiun out of your head, for nu sensible person nowadays believes in ghosts," said Lady Callonby, impatieuily, and somewhat scornfully. " I have rakon no wiuo at all, this evening, neither have 1 eaten anything uuusuat to day. 1 was not thinking of Iho girl even, uutil 1 looked op and saw her. 1 know I saw her as plainly as I soo you now. " Wife," he wont on, after a few minutes spent in deep thought, <(I have a confession to make to you. 1 suppose 1 ought to have told yuu iu the first place, but I know you would worry over it, and eo I kepi it to myself. Nora hat never boon at thcC onvent of St. Mary's 1" 44 Never been at the Convent of St. Mary's ? Ralph Callonby, what do yon mean? Aroyou mad, to tell me this ?" demanded his wife, now really frightened, and thinking he must be losing his mind. No ; it is as 1 tell you, aud I realise now that 1 ought to have told you before, but I kept hoping to find ber at tho first, and when I had to give it np, I thought it was no use fretting you with it," Lady Callonby 's fsco was now also blanched to a deadly hue, as she listened to this fearful piece of bowb ; nor did she fcei any relief as he went on and told her of Nora's escape, and his fruitless search in London for her. " i kept a detective cmployod for a yoar," ho said, in conclusion, 44 but he could discover nothing ; and so 1 came to think i hat all she cared for was to get out of my way, and would never trouble me any more." And then he told her of the stranger's visit from America, and hia belief that she had fled to that country. 44 Ralph, I am afraid this means trouble for us," said his wife, looking very much distressed. 44 Nonsense ' he returned, with a hoarse laugh. 1 1 f she is dead she can not trouble us, any more than to haunt us occasionally. 1 confess I never had such a etart in my life before ; but now that I am getting over it a trifle, it is a Yellef to me to know that she has passed in her checks, aud I cau afford to see a ghost once in a while— for, Maria, our ooffera are pretty well filled, my dear. She must be dead, or I would not have seen her ghost." He strove to shake off the terror that was making his heart quake by speaking thus lightly, and he did not like the ex pression of foreboding which remained on his wife's face. 44 Well, we can do nothing now," she said at last ; tx but I think you had better go to bed at onco, if you wish to be fit for anything to-morrow." 44 No, by Heaven 1 1 will not ; ghost or no ghost, 1 must satisfy myself that all is right with that boy before 2 sleep. Give iuo a glass of br&udy; to steady my nerves, and I will get James up, aud we will go together and investigate this matter." Lady Callonby complied with his request, aud he quaffed the burning flaid at a draught ; then, rising, he struggled from the apartment, for bis limbs were yet shaking from the fright he had received. He aroused the butler, and they pro ceeded to the vault, where Lord CuthDert lay apparently Bleeping. llo had apprehended that his uncle would return as soon as lie recovered him self ; and as soon as he found the girls were safely through the secret door, he had retired and feigned sleep, yet deeply grateful that. Nora had been taken for a visitant from the spirit world, rather than a living form of flesh and blood. All was dark and quiet when tho two men reached bis apartment, but Ub aroused himself as they 'unbolted the door, and asked what was wanted. His uncle was satisfied, though chills were chasing each other down his back as he asked, regarding him Bearchingly— 41 llave you been disturbed by any strauge sight or sounds ?" 4< No, sir ; 1 have beeu disturbed by nothing strange. This passage, you are well aware, is too remote from the world to be very much disturbed by either its sights or its sounds," Lord Cuthbert replied, with a touch of sarcasm, and, turning on his couch, he thus signified his desire to be left alone again. Lord Callonby and his companion re tired, satisfied that all was right with their prisoner, although tho former was more thati ever couviuced that he had seen Nora's wraith, and even after he had sought his couch he could not entirely shake off lite unpleasant impressions. Thu nest morning he took his seat at the break fast-table looking worn and haggard. 44 Are you not well, my lord?" asked Madge, who, as soon as Bhe and Nora found themeolves safe once more, con sidered the whole affair the moBt fortunate circumstance that could have happoneJ, and were delighted that ho should havo believed Nora a ghoet, and received such a fright. Boor Nora, however, did not recover from iho shock quite so readily as Madge, aud was weak aud lauguid this morning. "Quito well, Miss Margaret, although 1 did not rest as well as usual last night," his lordship returned, trying to smile. 44 You look quite ill — almost, as people say, as if you had seen a ghost/1 she replied, demurely, yot not able to resist the temptation to remind him of his mid night adventure. She chuckled to herself as she saw hiui start and turn a Bhado paler, but she calmly buttered her roll, locking beauti fully unconscious the while. 44 Look as though I had seen a ghost, do 1 ?" he repeated, recovering himself quickly, yol regardiug her keenly, and then he asked somewhat anxiously : " Miss Margarot, do you believe in ghosts ?" 44 1 — don't— kuow," said Madge, re flectively, lougiug to toll him she did, just to add to his torture, but hardly daring to risk so much as that. 44 1 don't know," she repeated; 14 at all events 1 don't believe thoy ever trouble people who have a clear conscience." 44 Then you do think that a person with a guilty conscience might be haunted by otto?" he continued, striving to speak lightly. 44 1 think Buch a porson might imagine himself to be hauuted if ho had over done any one great injury." 44 Then you are willing to admit that all ghosts are imaginary beings V 44 1 cau only auswur for myself, my lord. 1 never saw one, although 1 have known of people who think they oxist," she answered, wickedly, and then not caring to be questioned further, she turned to order something of the servant who stood behind her chair ; but it did nui trouble hor in the least to observe that his lordship was auything but eacy in his mind during the remainder of the meal CHAPTER XXXII. the unbidden (juestb, The day of the much anticipated ball was clear, calm, aud beautiful. All around tho smiling iaudsc-ipo was wonder fully rich aud fair ; pasture and meadow glowed bright aud warm as the sun softly careaBed the purple heather, and made deeper the vermilion dyes which mottled the landscape here and there. The river in the distance sparklod on between its banks, which were still soft aud groeu, aud fringed with tinted treeB, while beyond and abovo all towered tho hills like many huge bouquets, giving tho fair picture a background richer and rarer than over glowod upon canvas. Callonby itself gleamed with crimson, gold, and green, while in the midst lowered aloft the gray, grim castle, with its many towora aud turrets, guarding, like boiuo stern sentinel its paradise beneath. The pure October air was almost in toxicating iu its keen exhilaration, and it was a joy but to livo aud breathe, and gaze upou the glories of tliat perfect day, while one could not but acknowledge the infinite hand of the great Sculptor, Archi tect, and Painter in it all, Tho gay company in the caBtle were in a stale of delightful excitement. Trunks and boxes innumerable had arrived the night before from London and Paris, and every matron, damsel, and maid was deep in the mysteries of evening toilets ; trying on, admiring, or remodelling as tho fashionable modiste had been lortu- nato or unfortunate as to fit, taste, or arrangement of drapery. In Nora's dainty boudoir our two young girls, together with Mrs Dispeau, were in the depths of costumo study, Madge being determined that Nora's cos tume should be faultless ; and her deft white fingers flow in and out among the shining folds of silk and rare creamy lace, putting the last touches to au elo- gant affair jaet from Paris, tho draping of which had been too set and stiff to suit her ideas of gracefulness. Hor owu dress sho had choBou for a similar occasion some time before, but accident had prevented her wearing it at that time, and now she was free from all oare or perplexity regarding her owu ap pearance. They were chatting pleasantly, and joyously auticipating the reunion which would eoon make them all ao happy, when someone knocked on the door. Nora, at the sound, started quickly from the chair, and, gliding through the dressing-room, conoealed herself in the room beyond ; while Madge, calmly and without a tell-tale shade upon her face, walked to the door and unlocked it The servant who stood titers reached forward a salver with a card upon it, and Madge's bright eyes danced joyously as she read 44 Perciva! ftruco " upon it. "Say to tho gentleman we are very much engaged just now, and he will do us a favor if he will come up horo," she said, aftor a moment's thought, and knowing he would not be surprised at her request, aa in no other way could he meet Nora before evening. The servant bowed and retired to do her bidding, soon returning, however, with the aforesaid gentleman. Both mother and daughter greeted him joy ously, and, after again securely locking the door, Madge flew into her chamber aud drew Nora forth, blushing, yet dimp ling with happy smiles. A Jong and interesting chat followed, after which Madge took Porcy down into the drawingroom to find her father, and introduce him to the company. Evening came ; the most brilliant and gay that Callonby had ever known — the most wretched and miserable its pre tended lord and master had ever expe rienced. Everywhere light and beauty prevailod. From the tops of its numerous towers and turrets to iho gravellod drive way around it the castle wob brilliant with mauy colored lights. A sort of triumphal arch had been erected across the avenuo in front of tho grand entrance, beneath which the carriages drove to delivor their fair freight, and from ibis tiny oolored lights were suspended by invisible wireB, forming tho word 44 Welcome." The central fountain in the park was surrounded with them, and sparklod from two arches crossing each other high above it, makiug the spot look like Borne bewil- | dering vision of fairyland. Iu the dainty pavi'ioii, too, erectoa for the accommoda tion of tho various bands, light and beauty reignod, streamers wavod and fluttered in the breeze, flowers added brightness to the Kcuno, and made the air heavy with their fragrance. Strange, was it not, that tho Lord of Callonby should have loved it so — this light — revealing everything around, above, below, when his life and deeds were so evil ? Yot how fittiug, too, and how emblem atic, when after the darkness and sha dows which had so long rested upon and wrappod in gloom tho lives ot the legiti mate family/ that thus that darkness and shadow should be dispelled, and tho evil so long reigning thero bo revealed to the world. Within the castle new beauties awaited to charm the eye and ravish the senses. The decorator had indoed profited by the carte blanche given him by his lordship, and had made the veoerable old structure a perfect paradise with hia arl. The grand eutranco hall waa adorned upon every panel with iho English coat- of-arma— a shield surmounted by a crown, the shield of Bolid green, the crown of golden narcissus — a compliment of which Her Majesty herself might havo been proud, had she boon present to view it. The ballroom was simply festooned with dark glossy green, mingled with white flowers, with hauging baskets at every available point, and seemed so pure and cool that it was a pleasure to movo and breathe in its lovely shade, while the golden lamps, suspended by invisible wires, seemed like glowworms floating among the emerald grocn. (To be Continued.) 