THE GHOSTS 0F fitciy lit Vm »sm Him «t$ttfttf -ft m Im&m; 'fimes' mttttAm gliwrtir mknt Pmhthin, A fewefe m tii« wbjecfe kf fioff m&e; H« a-jifrfttftftft, it u m-- (ltf«d 'the Alleged ftttfitlftff «* fl — Hbtrte, dl(M bf A. (leodHeii^reef (Mi«« glW8 A msfi rf tfie ittfertlptofi witieft mm eafried m m tbtmmm mvu im ghost*, ftoffldt aft&r; Mim Pmt'* ftftHfaJ &i; nalteetnrt ghe ks& tftt Mltwiftg espertefiws: -'AfHitiSt tlie fflbW I saw « StSgllt bldtA fljgtfre, a woflinhi matins flwfrli* .% jth* fm. Rhfe fltbliped, and tUfned and fotkeA at We. f?he was dressed as fl ftitti; H« fnte lopltefl jisle. I eaw her \nM in the Mm of her habit. Then she ffi&ced; on, -t« it seemed} an a sloiie too steep for walk thg, Wheti filia caftie tttitlci- tjie tree she disappeared-- jiefiiflps beeaiise fherj? tWs So show to Show her oHtlihe. IJeyotid the (fee she reappeared for a iuottrent, where there Was ngain R white bat;k|iouhd, mose bf the burn. Theii J saw lief no more. This frjis not the only woman who was seen. There whb another in grey, and on Old man. A dog bad also left the happier hunHng-grotindB to revisit the glimpses of the moon. Lord 13ute sfeems to tiave takeh fial-t in the investigations, but he was not particularly successful. To mi eminent ec cleMastic whom lie kept informed of his proceedings he writes:— 'Soon after 6 p.m. I went to the place hear the burn where apparitions have so often appeared. 1 read nlmid the vespers for the dead, but no phe nomenon appeared, nor had I any sensation. About 7.30 I went to a room which 1 will call A, and read nloud the first Nocturn of the dirge; there wa* nothing to be seen or heard, but I felt eoine physical incon venience in beginning, like an impediment in speech, and 1 had a very strong sensa tion that there were persons listening.' One of his lordship'? maids was more for tunate — or unfortunate. f?he 'saw the bust of a woman with short hair, as though sit ting at the foot of her bed.' On other occasions Lord Bute resumed his incan tations, but with no better luck than be fore:— 'Soon after 10 read the third Noc turn in A. Made slips of pronunciation, and fell the presence of others very strong ly, and that it was hostile or evil, as though they were kept at arm's length; a disagreeable sensation continued until I threw some holy water on my bed before getting into it, when it suddenly disappeai' ed. Next morning 1 said Laud in A. 1 had no difficulty in utterance; the sense of other presences was not strong, and I had no feeling of hostility (on their part), but rather of their having to put up with a slight nuisance which would soon be over.' Finally a bishop and priests visited Balle chin, said mass, and sprinkled the rooms with holy water. At first this made no difference, as loud bangs were heard upon a table. The bishop and rriests persisted, there was another bang, but more faintly than before, and 'this bang was the last phenomenon of an abnormal kind during the tenancy.' And this (exclaims the 'Westminster Gazette'') is the last year but one of the nineteenth century! 