THE LADIES, CHATTER. "X cba.tier, clutter, a9 I go."—Tennyson. ON GOING TO SLEEP. "£now ye the road to the Merciful Town That , is bard by the sea of dreams, Where the po.ir may Jay their wjt)Dgs away, And the stk may fwget-to weep. But we—pity as! Oh, pity us! We wakeful; ah, pily us! Wc miret go back with Policeman Day- Back from the City of Sleep- Weary they turn from the scroll and crown, KtUer and prayer and plough— Thfy that go up to the Merciful Town, For her gates arc closing now. It iS'4&eir; right in the Baili3 ot Night licdy and soul to suep. But vre—pity ns! Oli, pity us! We wakeful; ah, pily us! We must go back with Policeman Day— Back from the City of Sleep, l-'rom "The Brushwood Boy,'* Kipling.- Do you ever wish you were dead? Oh—well, perhaps that is rather a startling question to put. Let's try another way. JL>o you ever, when things ai-e difficult and tife looks very black, wish you could just stoy living there and then? I suppose it is this iecliug that makes some children say, "I wish 1 was dead!" very email provocation. In a book the other day I came on an p I had thought all my own:— I "•Most of us in our youth have wished to die a little young—but only for a short k y Did you never plan to do that? st I think the idea occurs generally when some one has been "horrid" and unfeeling, and said unkind things about one's' f Then one plans to die either suddenly and heroically, or slowly in beautiful calm and resignation, whichever strikes s as most effective and harrowing, and feels a satisfaction, by no means angelic, the thought of the offending person's orrow and remorse. I seldom got so far as my (wn funeral, [ or, if I did, suddenly repeated, and de- :ided to come alive again, and forgive everybody at the last moment. "Vou see I to die, as the writer said, "only for a short time. Later one's wish to "die a little" is prompted rather by a wish for rest than w j ttf revenge or sentiment. The burden of life is so. heavy, one's arms ache, if only—if only one* could lay it down a while! And yet—that is just what one does when one goes to sleep. We may not put toour life sentence lie decisive full stop that sometimes in impatience of half understanding we fancy we would like to set there aud have done with it, but every night comes a mce little comma, of more or less complete oblivion to give us breath to go on with the tangled sentence and make better sense of it. Some happy people actually fall asleep— take one delightful plunge into slumber, others go eoftly through a dim borderland of conscious restfulness, other. . linger on tiie threshold in a cold, cheerless twilight of wakefulness haunted by many thoughts. I always envy that "jolly young watermart" wiho could "row aloug thinking of nothing at all;" if one could only arrive at thai! But when the brain most needs rest ita seems to go out of gear, somehow, and works at double speed. It is perfectly hopeless to break off short from brain work with everything in going order and expect to go to sleeo. One should slow down carefully. Here a book of a not too exciting kind is useful—anything to turn, the thoughts away from the groove thev have been working in. What dc you think of wiiea you are trying to go to sleep. 1 never found counting sheep through a gate, or adding up the nails in a horse's shoes, or counting up so a thousand, or repeating poetry, or any otter plan supposed to be good to be of much use—yet one can that all have their foundation in a sound principle — that of controlling thoughts, not by trying not to think, but by occupying them with some harmless and soctfciHg subject to the exclusion o-f -the work and worry you wish to forget. A very wise old preacher in a sermon on evil thoughts pointed out that in endeavouring not to think of any given sahjeot you kept that very subject before your mi-nd—the only way was to tibink of something else. It is jnrf tJic same with anxielies—th<_- more vou tiy to avoid the-m the more they como. By day ive tight ijiom off with work, bat in the lioilow of the darkness which we pass through like a tunnel between day and day; in tho ou,et time when we should be sleeping they come and whippcr and insist. "Suppose and suppose"—-with a long story of horrible jjossibilitics, and anil's brain wider awake than ever, and without anything to distract its attention, worries and w-nnies over them as a dog does over a bone. Do vou know (hat bit in "The Autocrat of the Breakfast-table?" "Our brains are seventy-year clocks. The Angel cf Life winds them "up once for all, then closes the case and gives the key into tne hand of the Angel of the Resurrection. Ijc-tac! tic-L-u;! goes the wheels of thought; our will cannot sfav_> them; tkey cannot stop themselves; sleep cannot still them: madness only makes thosm go faster; death 3lone can break into the case, and seizing the ever-swinging ]>eiidulum, which we call toe heart, silence at last the clicking of that terrible cseapement we have can-ied so long beneath our wrinkled foreheads." Does not frliat make you think of sleej)le--s nights — when you seem to hear and fee! the machinery yon think with, whirring and grating and throbbing. The only thing, as the doctor says further on, is to control and direct—and that is possible though by no means easy—is well worth trying, for failuiv_ means disaster. "I iiless the wills maintain a <?erfcam control over these movements, wtiich. it cannot si- op, mem are very apt to try to get at the machine by some indirect system of leverage or other. They clap on" the brakes by means of opium: Kiev change the maddening monotony of the rhythm by means of fermented liquors. It is because the brain is locked up and we cannot touch its movement directly fjiat we thrust these coarse tools in through any crevice by which they may reach the interior, and to alter its Eoing for a while, and at last spoil the machine." So you see there is good in everything, and that weary experience a wakeful night, is a grand opportunity for mental discipline of the most useful kind, and it is Quite possible to have a restful, peaceful, time watching through the long hours till the first grey light comes. Better still is the more complete control which leads to sleep. Hera are a few maxims which you may extend for yourself—Don't think of worry, work, or yourself. As "not thinking" of anything is impossible this may be transposed thus— Think of something which has no connection with any forbidden subject. Memory is generally in full force on deepless night. Try, instead of the dark pictures she shows to make her turn to restful pages. Events, 1 find, are disturbing, but places most comfoi-ting. I think of some place I know well. There is an old garden tangled with rose-trees that has a speeiaJ charm for me. and I go down the winding walk trying to call up each plant on the way; but I seldom get p^st the red rose against the orange-tree just halfway down, before the charm has worked. Sometimes I think of a hilltop as it must be in the darkness, with the rustle of leaves in the night wind and the strange solemn starlight overhead, and the furtive stirring of small night creatures, and the frightened cry of some bird disturbed by a 'possum. {1 am convinced, by-the-way, that bards believe in ghosts and ogres. Ask any bird you know, and see how it will whisper and eer round us night comes on.) But again, seldom get very far with the mind picture before it is lost in dreams. Then one can visit friends and wander through wellnown rooms — only, remember to keep ourself out of sight, lor reveries about oneelf, the building of castles in which one is he central figure, not only drive off sleep, but leave the mind dulled and weakened or next day. The better and brighter the thoughts the ooner sleep comes. C a t q t b t b ts c afat MAGPIE. a r 