AUARDEN TfiAGEDY By Doei LiHBWiB.T Author of "The KUs of Jodaa," "A" Family Failing, ' Etc. Srvorais or Pmvious Chapiibs. The mitral figure of the atory is Am- broae Lsugtou, a young man who, having beou brought up in the lap of lnxnry aa the ton ot a wealthy stockbroker, is at the we of sii-aud-twenty auddenly hurled from aft jence to poverty by hia father's failore in business, and hae to faoe the uorlil as one of its hard- working ones. He appreulicea himself to an architect, tad m doe course finds a Bitoation at Stamford llill, near whore also hisfianctf, » vdone corurncsB, who has, however, temporarily forsaken teaching lor tbe more lucrative position of companion to au elderly aud eccentric lady whose ragaries border on the insane. L&ugbon; h&s; accepted a somewhat invidious post, being clerk, office boy, messenger and architect, and always at hia employer's bidding, as be is to reside in the hoose, a large imposing fl00 enough, but of the tumble-down" order and mean in its appoiatmeuts. The utmost economy eeeois to be practised, and Mr Westgarth, as Ambrose s employer is oalled, demurs at giviug his wife a couple of pounds for. housekJepmg purposes at the very mornvui when he has given Ambrose instructions to go and cash a cheque for £2 000, and meet him at Liverpool- btreet flutum with the money. Arrived at the statiou, Mr Westgarth seems anxious to conceal hia plaua, and asks Ambrose not to meutiou it to Airs Wesigarth, the faot thai her husbaud is not in the city. There is altogether something odd about tbe Westgarth family. The wife is a large, fair, flabby woman who has been a domestic servant, and Mr t\ estgarth himself is a bard, stern man, with appa rently no ati'ection at all for his children —two boys aud a lovely daughter of seveuteen, who is disposed to make friends with her fathers lactotum, CHAPTER 11 (Continued). Ididu 't Might at Seven Sisters, bat got oat at Stamford Hill, as I had some direct iuiis to give to the foremau engaged on a row ot cottageB near the river. r>eiuniiug, 1 came oy the towing path, intending to strike the road again at Bailey b Lsuc. That district was thea the diegrace of the locality. It was bor dered "by holds with broken hedges, mijbiy asb heaps, and other signs of the open country warriog with ihe encroach ing town. As I turned from the towing path into the lane, 1 saw at a little dis tance in front of me ayonug lady engaged In conversation with a tnan in bell- bottomed trousers. lie had something In his arms, i saw the girl take out her purse and give him mouey, though how much of course I could not tell. Then he handed her whatever it was he was carrying, pulled his foielock, and dia appeared She walked on slowly up the road. My own more rapid pace brought me abreast of ner in uo time, but before I reachid Iter 1 kuew that it was Adele WcelgartU. llcr face was glowiug with excite- mem, her bright eyes sparkling, but she started almost guUnly sb she recog nised me. 14 Have you been making a purchase, Mies Westgarth V 1 demanded by way of making conversation. She turned back her 6uuiuier cape and showed uie nestling in htr arms a liuy dog scarcely larger than a piut pot, a small black Italian hound. "J gave the man a trifle," she answered. M How do you like him ? ' Tduugh never a doggy man, I kuew enough of tbe kennel to be aware that tbe animal was thoroughbred and fanliless at all points. 44 Jo that case, Miss Westgarth/1 I said, " I'm afraid that the mau who sold him had no very good title. Though not absolutely the latest erase, tins breed is valuable, even when the epecimeu is loss perfect than the one >uu have." iShe bit her lip and made no reply, and aa 1 bad no more desire to pry into her alUrs than into her father's, 1 said no more. Presently she tamed to me and de manded, " Where has Papa gone to-day, Mr Langton ?" " 1 do not know, Miss Westgarth/' 1 replied. " fle is attending to business, 1 juppjse.'1 " He had a letter from Rye Barnet this umrniug," she said, 44 mother's native place. 1 shall keep out of hia way when he eoms home to night." " Tine is not an nnosnal occurrence theu i ' 1 mentally ejaculated. 44 He will return." He did return that night, jaded and worn like a man who has gone through some phase of emotion cruelly ener vating. Mies Adele was playing softly in the drawiug-room above, " Why is that girl up ?' he demanded, hotly, though it was not half-past nine. " Send her to bed at ODce!" 44 5>ne has not had her Bnpper yet,1 responded Mrs Westgarth. 1 Then let her take it in her room," he said. 41 1 dou't wish to see her to- nignt ; or, if you prefer it— if her comfort is to be considered before mine— you can send my supper upstairs." This was the second time that"I had been allowed to perceive that there was no great affection for his daughter in Mr Weatg&rth;'s breast. 44 be has some excuse for irritability/' 1 thought. 44 I take it that he is two thousands poorer to-night than he was this morning. It was no genuine bust- nesB deal for which he changed that cheque." 1 little thought that some day I should know the history of that journey — thatY ehoold piece the mystery together In frantic, heart-broken efforts to find the perpetrator of a cruel crime. r. CHAPTER IIK On the day which saw Mr Westgarth sUrt out and return from his mysteriope joarooy, the lent post brooght me two letters— one from Doris, the other ad dressed in a sprawling, miaformed hand, and bearing the local post-mark. My readers of the fair sex will understand how it came about that I throat the latter into my po ket, and forgot all aboat it in Dy eagerness to perose the former. The following day was a Saturday, and &X; half-past 12, as I pot away my books, tbe greenery and freshness of the garden seemed so tempting that, reaching my hat, I strolled out on to the gravel aweep which enolrcled the lawn, and the huge mulberry- treo. Aa I walked I suddenly recollected the ucread missive received the sight before, and finding it still in my pocket, tore the envelope, and took out the following pre cious effusion " \ 4 Dale House, Friday. : "Papa and Rape are going fishing; Mamma and Miss 3. will be oat chop ping. Be intbe garden at half-peat IB.tt ADELB." " , Hot with vexation, I thrust the better into my pooket again. ' iK My absolutely nuoonscloas visit to the garden mast look like an nooeptanoe ot the clandestine invitation, and to retain, to the hoose (as 1 was In the mind to do) .T.'pSiS1- -1 b" ""5 I 41 button are mistaken if you think a | private Interview with you is worth the trouble of deceiving them. I had almost decided to retain, and let her think what she liked of my conduot, when' she stepped oat on to the lawn, and coming forward greeted mo with a half timid smile. . " Y-oa got my letter f Yon were very kind to do what I asked." It was useless to assert that 1 had but just read it, so I replied eomewhat stiffly— i shall be happy at any time to do anything I oan to oblige you, Miss Westgarth $ bus, as regards that letter, was it not rather an unnecessary way of oommnnicating with me 1 If you wished to epoak with mo, why write to tell me so when we are nnder the same roof I" 41 1 wrote because 1 did not want any body to know," was the remarkably, straightforward confession of her inten tion to deceive." " Indeed 1 May I ask wby ? Is there any particular reason why yon should not converse with me occasionally 1" 44 Mother would nut like it, because 41 Because I am her husband's servant ? Exactly. That boiug the case, whatever my opinion on the subject may be, I should certainly aoqniesoe in her views wnile under this roof/' 44 That's just what yon mustn't do if you want to be bappy here. Mother only suubs people who let her. You know that you are superior to aoyoue here', and you most let her see as muoh," she answered with decision. 1 looked at the girl in astonishment. Here, indeed, was a household divided against itself, a father who disliked his first- bora, aud a daughter who spoke in open disrespect of her mother. 44 It was somethiug particular I wanted/' she continued, before I could spoak. 44 My little dog, Mr Langton — you — yoQ thiuk me a receiver of stolen pro perty, don't you ? ' 44 Perfectly innocently, Miss West garth. I don't suppose you knew the animal's value." Again she knitted her brows as she had done when she fouud that 1 had been an accidental witness of the transaction. 41 Should you thiuk it strange if — If people liked me — and gave me presents ?" she asked. 14 No, i should not," I replied j 44 but Bailey's-lsue is a strange spot for a ren dezvous with a messenger, for of course the individual 1 saw was not a principal." 44 Mother is quite satisfied,'' she said, faintly. 44 That settles it, of course," I an- awered. 44 In any case It is really no business of mine." She looked up suddenly into my eyes. 14 If you think 1 told her any falsehoods you are wrong," she ssid. 44 1 wouldu't explain auyibiug about it -and she— she tuld papa it was a present from my D<tl- stun frieuds. Mr Langton, you niustn t say anything about what you know, be- cause it would get hvr into trouble. She would do auyihing to prevent my beiug hi disgrace." For the first time 1 was moved to a feeling of pity for her. With a mother su injudicious, almost criminally iu judicious, what wouder she was as she was. However, it was out of the question that 1 should express my opiuiou, so 1 merely gave her the Assurance she sought. ' " You may rely on my discretion, Alias Weslgarth. 1 I was turning away with a stiff bow, when she suddealy faced me with flashing eyeB and heaving boaoui. 44 You are thinking bad things of me, MrLaugtou! Say them, aud have done wirh it.'1 41 1 think you use your mother's blind affection to uuworthy ends/' 1 replied, accepting the invitation she threw out, for, though not altogether a fit person for the task, 1 thought thai a little plain speaking w juld do no harm. 4> 1 do, 1 do," she cried, with a sudden, bitter self-accusation that I had lint ex pected, " 1 wish she would rule me, but she cao't ; she is my slave, and nothing free-born ever loves a slave." She turned from mo as she spoke, and, sinking on to the benob beneath the tree, burst into a passionate flood of tears. Her emotion was so genuine that it woke a response in me. It was not her beauty —no, thank Sod ! it was not her beauty first drew me to Adele Westgarth. "Hush! hush I" iBaid. 41 1 have no right whatever to dictate to you, bat I myself have always thought tbe relation of mother and child a beautiful and aacred thing, aud 1 confess it astonished me to find one who seta no store by it. 44 1 have heard that, aud tead of it, and seen it in other homes," she said, 41 but I haven't got the feeling ; Mr Langton, I was bora without it— I know I was, just as somo people are born blind, or deaf, or dumb. There is only one other explanation and that—" 44 Yes, "bat is that? ' I asked, gently. She shook her head and turned away. 44 No, that's only au excose for my bad ness ; 1 have no right to tell yon, no right to think of it. It Is too awful." 1 did not press the question; it seemed to me that the high-strung, nervous tem perament of this girl bordered perhaps upon hysteria, that fearful malady which induces some women to sorronnd them selves with clonds of wild and riduoulons fancies. if that was the case '.t would be jast as well not to encourage her to talk of them, so I ssid— 44 If you feel yourself hi the wrong, wby not make matters right by a confes sion to yoor mother, and then von can with a free conscience leave it to ner ?" Her brow contracted thoughtfully. 44 1 can't tell her," she said ; 44 at leaat, I'd almost rather tell him, and take the consequences, but— bnt I can't do eveo that now. Mr Langton, don't yon think there are some things that good people make far worse when they try to mend them ?" 44 Well," I said, after a momentary pause, 44 you have my promise to be silent, though I am by no means sure that I am acting in yonr best interest. The whole thing has been a grave mis take from boginuing to end ; more espe cially in concealiug a thing, innooent per haps in itself, from yonr father and mother, while it is known to a stranger nnder the earns roof. Have yon not con sidered that an unscrapnloos person might presume on the strength of having a common secret with you f 1 " Bnt you are a gentleman." 41 1 hope so. Still, yon have no means of koomng that with any certainty. It ie a great mistake to suppose that a gentle manly exterior makes a man of recti- '"the looked at me with such round-eyed nhlldlah wonder that I paused ; I was dearly going beyond her depth. She had spoken to me eo frankly— with such apparent unconsciousness of the snares aST pitfalls that Ue in the way of auch confluences as between persona of the apposite sex, that it was borne In upon me tbat her mind and body were at diffe- pont .UgeB of development ; In otner Imds, that «he had the pbyaique of a jdri juat budding Into womanhood, and She limited experienoea and ideaa of ihUd only. II thia unknown donor waa a fn>£U.be lover, at leaat aha did not Inhderatand hie motive, ft seemed to me. Promoted by this new Idee, I continued— fteHa& fer na I xonoemed, SUaa Westgarth, yonr eonfidenoe, I aware yon, shall not be abused, bnt feel I strongly In clined to conbt the reotitnde of the per son who makes yoo presents fin this clan destine manner. Her faoe flamed with a glowing color — her eyes were ones more defiant. 41 How do yon know,'1 she said, 41 what oar relationship is ? How oan yon tell the nature of the tie between us?" 44 1 am absolutely unable to judge, except on general lines," I answered ; 44 but I know that unacknowledged ties have always an element of shame in them." The bright oolor died from her cheeks, her faoe was contracted with pain, her eyes were strangely wistful. 44 Perhaps you are right," she said. 44 Yes, I'll have done with it. It will be bettor so/' The little dog had run up to her, and was fawniug on her, and 1 noticed that he wore a red morocco collar, with his name, Maximilian, engraved on a silver plate. She caught him op, and covered him with passionate kisses, and, still holding him to her breast, walked away from me over the lawn. I never guessed how strange a part little Max waa to play in the then im pending tragedy. CHAPTER IV. That night, after others of the house hold had retired to rest, 1 was horning the midnight oil, over an answer to the letter 1 had reoeived from Doris, when I was startled by what seemed to me a muffled cry for help. I sprang to tbe door and listened. No one stirring, the passage web empty and silent. I was about to return when a very distinct, low, sobbing sound caught my ear. There was no mistaking it ; it came from a door on the other si le of tbe pas- oage. I crossed at onoe to the door and knocked. j 44 Come in. Oh ! do come in," cried a voice from the interior of the apartment. It was Adele's. 44 Is it you, Misb Westgarth ? Did you call ?" I demanded. 44 Yes, yes/1 she answered, 44 Oh, make haste, make haste 1" 44 Where shall I find the eervants ? Shall I call them ?' A muffled shriek was the only respon.se, and oonviuoed that her room waa on fire, and that there was no time for ceremony, 1 bam the door and entered. The room was in perfoct order, though the bed was thrown open, and in her dressing-gown against the wall, pale as a ghost, stood Adele. 44 Are you ill? What has frightened you ? Everything is perfectly safe/' I stammered, lookiug rouud me in bewilder ment. 4< Oh t No, no, no," she inoaued. 4 4 There are hundreds of them. Oh I One is ou mo. It's on uty Bhoolder. 1 shall die ; 1 shall die." 4> 1 ran to her, knocked from her arm, aud quickly UuspaLcked the cause of the truu'Me— au ugly black beetle. Feeling inure awkward and aunoyed thau L can well express, i turned to the ooor. 44 Ml call the women/1 i said. 44 1 thought the place was on lire." 41 Who could have doue it? It wab Rape, it mast havo been 1 There's auother— crawtiug — crawling— over the bed Don't go. 1 shall go mad 1" ! sprang to tbe bed, aud for a minute 1 had a lively time. There were not 44 hundreds "of the repulsive utseots ; but a dozen black beetles, a small frog, a dead mouse, two or three epiiers, aud some iat earth worms rewarded my search. When they had all fallen victims to my zeal, 1 turned to her and said— 4 It is all right now, Miss Westgarth, L think you may couaider yourself safe." 41 No, no ; if you have felt one, and it touches ins, 1 shall have a tit. I daren't I daren't be left alone," she panted. 44 Then leave the room," 1 said, feeling that the questionable situation was be- corniog desperate. 44 Here is yoar wrap, and here are your slippers," and 1 threw over her a shawl I had found on the back of a chair. 14JUome, put the things on, and run off to yonr mother." 44 Look in the slippers— there may be something iu them. ' 41 There Is nothing in them— nothing at all, ' 1 insisted, turning them upside down. 44 Come now, lean on me, and slip yonr teet la, and then be off like a good girl to your mother.'1 Trembling aud sobbing, she did as I bid her, and let me lead her from the room. 4 4 No, not to mother," she whispered, as 1 struck a matoh, and lit the passage gas. 44 I'll go to Jauet. Stay here till I get to her door." Then, like a flash, she left me, and darted away towards the servants' quarters. 44 That's a queer girl !" f said to myself, as I returned to my room. 4 4 Some women 1 know would call her frankly immodest, To me it seems that she hasn't a vestige of self-consciousnesB, and that what they call her boldness is the outcome of her absolute innocence," 44 She is far too lovely— far too dan gerously lovely," 1 added, with an Inward sense of irritation at having to make the confession, 44 to be secure with such Blender safeguards as she seems to have." Oq tbe desk before ue lay my un finished letter to Doris. 1 had broken off at an attempted description of Adele as a prettyjyouog girl, with a strong will and a hot temper. With the vision before me of the Might, figure iu Us clinging robes, the beautifully modelled little naked feet, the dark hair, floating like a cloud round the pale, oval faoe, it seemed to me that my letter, henestly written only a few moments be fore, had a false ring in it. It appeared to belittle tbe girl of whom I wrote ; at any rate. It did not convey, as I had promised it should, the exact nature and strength of the impression she had made on me. Yet how conld i say to the woman who loved me, 44 The girl is very, very beautiful, ah© trusts me absolutely, and, though I am far from loving her, I own that her strange personality has laid a firm hold on my fancy, from whioh I can not escape, straggle as I may." The following morning I was up bo- times, and out in tbe garden, iu the hope that the fresh air would dispel the effects of an uneasy night. As I rounded a hedge of arbotne at the bottom of one of the paths, 1 came upon a strange group. Miss Boehn— the angular governess, Rupert— tbe cause of last night's trouble, who was blubbering loudly, and WriUe— the youngest of the family, a flabby, blonde baby, not yet breeohed, who stood by with the air of a juvenile philosopher, placidly auoking his thumb. 41 Don't cry, Rupert, yon really must control yourself /' Miss Boehn was saying. 44 You'vo brought It on yourself ; it really serves yoo right— though, of coarse, I don't exteaaate your sisters coodnct in the least. The rabbit is dead ; It's not a bit of use making snob a fuss." 44 What is the matter, Miss Boehn V I inquired, stepping forward. I nothing," she answered. 44 Miss Adele has poisoned her brother's pet, and 1 have confined her to her room, that a all/' v , _ _ 44 Then I think you might have cou- salted me first, Miss Boehn, said a sharp voice behind ins, and Mm Westgarth— her oorpnlent figure trembling with passion, her faoe unbecomingly pink— pushed her wayrtofflw$rouP4 the person to pnnish Mi" Adele when ahe requires 44 1 thought you wished me to save you the responsibility/1 responded Miss Boehn, with sold humility. 44 No, I don't," was the curt response, for Mrs Westgarth having once been a servant herself, was now a very haoghty mistress. 44 1 like to be consulted in my own 'case. Come along, Willie 1 If Miss Boehn can't teaoh yonr brother better manners, 1 shall have you contaminated next," and Mrs Westgarth, dragging her youngest born by the wrist, marched off, leaving me with Rupert, hts governess, and the caroase of the poisoned pet. As for me, my employer's wife had only deigned to favor mo with a short nod, aud seemed to desire to avoid any conversation on the sobject of last night's adventure. 44 1 suppoce she will reverse my judg ment," said Miss Boehn, cynically. 44 She always does ! WhAt is your opinion, Mr Langton. Is a tew hours' solitary confinement too much for having poi soned a harmless creature ?'' 44 It is not for me to express an opinion , either on the exercise of your judgment, Miss Boehn, or on Miss Westgarth's oondaot," I answered, Irritably, as I turned away. In my ' own heart I knew that the governess was in the right, and I had been guilty of rudeness towards her. What I did not know waa what to blame for my irritation. Waa I angry with Adele for her monstrous cruelty, with Alias Boehn for having panished her, or merely with myself for caring aboat it one way or the other. For the life of me I could not tell ; I only knew that I was in an evil humour, which lasted all the morning. J net before lnnoh I came upon Adele in the hall, but I deliberately turned my back upon her. 44 The less 1 see of yon, Alias Cleopatra- cum-Marie de-Brinvlllers, tho better," 1 I said to mysolf. Our meals were never inspiriting func tions, for Mrs Westgarth's idea of gentility was the silent table ; moreover, she was iu a bitterly cantankerous mood to-day. The whole party was, therefore, nnder a cloud, when Willie, the baby, laid himself out to edify as. 41 Oh! er— isn't we going to havo tho thabbitt fo' dinner ? " he demanded, when a log of mntton made Its appoaranco on the board. 41 No, of conrao not, Willie," replied Miss Boehn. 44 It would not be fit for food 44 But we does have thabbil aumotlmea ; and 1 likes thabbit " 44 Not poisoned rabbit, Wlllio. Nuono eats that." Willie pondered the situation, aud helped his feeder to a liberal supply of gravy. 4 Does poisoued thabblts go to heaveu ?" ho demanded presently. 44 Of course not/' from Miss Bocliu. Willio sucked his empty spoon and apparently extracted a new idea from it. 44 Does people what poisons 'ittle thabblts go to heaven ? " Mrs Westgarth could stand It no longer. 4' For goodness sake, Mr Wostgartb, do keep onler at your table," she cried. 44 Be qaiet, Willio. I'm sure 1 beg your pardon, my dear," he murmured, for except on the question of money, ho gave way to her in everything. Willie, however, feeling himself ag grieved, began to snivel, and his mis guided father surreptitiously handed him an orange. This gave Mrs Westgarth tho opportunity of punishing others for the chagrin she herself wbb suffering. 44 Mr W. ! " she criod, 44 you surprise me 1 If meals are to bo conducted iu this way, 1 shall leave the table," and she sprang up. As she passed her, Adole caught at her frock as thoogh to hinder her progress. 44 Dou't talk to me, my dear," sho said, thought not a word had boon uttered by herself. 44 If yon father would treat all his children properly, instead of pam pering one, and persecuting another, my nerves wouldn t be constantly shattered by the constant gologs-on in tills bouse/' and she swept from the room. Mr Westgarth's brow darkened, as his eye fell on his daughter. 44 You do well," he said. 14 to seek favor with your mother. You always have been, and I suppose yon always will be, the cause of all tbe trouble in this house." And with this unjust and on- fatherly speech, he, too, rose and left the table. About au boar later I saw the two boys emerge from the house and take up a position under one of the shrubs. Rape carried a spade and a chocolate box carefully closed. Willio had a clean towel tied round hie neck, and carried a school book upside down. It was evident that they were about to celebrate the obsequies of the rabbit. They had reachoda very "iutorestiDg" portion of the ceremony, when Adele stepped out on to the lawn. 44 Come 'long! Come 'long, Adio," exclaimed Willie. 44 Yon is just in timo to see the good bye, deader I Gory-Ially-youyer! " 44 Never mind that," she replied, 14 come to mc, Willie, I want yon." 41 Hold the book straight, and go on," yelled Kupe, dancing round tho grave. Adele was holding out her apron full of cherries, and Willio, one hand full of mould, which he had been about to drop on tbe coftio, the other tugging at the towel round his neck, was edging nearer to her. 44 Yah 1 yon niuny, and she'll poison you." shouted Rupert, enraged at his brother's desertion of him. 44 Look oat 1 You're done for. She's got yon." At that moment Adelo had oanght tho boy's wrist to draw him to her ; and ho, alarmed by Ills brother's warning, sot up a piercing howl, wriggled like a worm, and flung tho mould and pebbles right into her face. The next thing 1 knew was that she had flung him from her with a paseionato exclamation, aud, entangled in bis mock surplice, ho had fallen on to the edge of the spade, laying o|>on a nasty wound on his temple. To get him np in my arms, carry him through the house, across the wsste land and tho high road into an adjoining dispensary, seemed the work of ouly a moment or two. The cut was a very ugly one, and closo onoogh to the oye to show what a narrow sqneak he bad had, 44 1 am taking up the duties of general factotum with facility/' 1 muttered to myself, as, after getting hlui stitched np, 1 bore him baok to bis family, who had only just been informed by Rape of the calamity. Then leaving him to the tearfnl caresses of his mother, I returned to my ofiiolal duties. In saying that L returned to my duties 1 am barmy correct. 1 returned to mv ofiice, truly; bnt qolot work waa still impossible for me. As I opened the door, I became consclon that 1 was not alone j there on the rug lay Adele, face down wards, her long hair falling in torrents aronud her, trailing across the linoleum of the room, almost to my feet. Again that strange feeling of pity for her for whloh I loathed myself, crept over me ; but I fought against It. "Get np, Miss Westgarth," I said, 4 you can't lie there. The boy's all right now j a sear he will carry for life will be the only aoavenir of yoar day's work." 41 Thank God 1 On 1 Thank God ! " ahe panted. "I did not mean to hart him; bat I was mad with anger, and- when It comes over mer don't know what I'm doing. Oh ! Mr Langton, say that yoo believe I did not mean to hurt him." 44 Perhaps not," I answered, 14 but a person who could take life in any form to satisfy revengeful feelings—" 44 Mr Langton, 1 did not kill the rabbit." She had drawn hetself up, her elbows on the seat of the office arm- ohalr ; her eyes so strangely bright, in spite of the tears quivering on their long lashes, looking wistfully into my own. She, so careless of tbe opinion of others, that, if what she said was trae, ahe had willingly allowed them all to think her gnllty, seemed pleading almost for my esteem. What wonder that, being only human, I found It hard to resist her, although I knew that her very eagerness to reha bilitate herself in my eyes was in Itself a fault. 44 Wy did you not deny (t then ? " I demanded, still speaking sternly. 44 1 couldn't; it was Willie who did it ; I only took the poisonous stuff away, aud Rape saw me, aud said it was my doing. I did not mind, I did not care, until yon tnrned your back on me." 44 Was It altogether my fault?" I asked. 44 Yon had taken on yourself the blame of a hideous and unwomanly act — a mean, low, spltefol act, it seemed. How was I to know that you were innooent P " 44 Yon might have known/' she whis pered. " 44 1 wonld never be ready to think ill of yon. Then, father made my black mood worse, he always does ; watch him, and see If ho can bear to have me touch him; and Willie himself turned against me— Willie, whom I meant to shield, and I was mad with rage, and oh t oh I I have hurt him more than Rape would have dared to do. I— I might have killed him.1 Down went her head again on to her arms, and she sobbed again. 44 Hush I Hash ! " 1 said, laying my band gently on tho blue-black tresses. 44 1 understand you were sorely tempted, aud you let the painter go. Self-sacrifice is a beautiful thing, but very few of us are able to carry it through to the end." 1 was trying to assume the position towards her which she seemed to give me ; to regard her as a mere spoilt child to whom I could adopt an almost parental style ; but I made a mistake, I Innocently fauned her strango affection for me, and drew her nearer in my offorts to put her oir. 44 You aro sorry for mo now," sho whispered, 44 though you know just what I am. 1 am too much loved aud too much hated iu this houso ; and I'm nut te blamo for either, though it makes uie wicked — but you will bo my frloud, won't you, and not think IU of mo again (ill you know that I deserve It?" ' You ueod a friend," i said, thought fully (with such a mother and such a father what girl would not?) 44 but thai friend should bo a woman." 44 Why?" Again she waa on tho edge of that quoBtion. 1 could net discuss it with her. 44 It would bo bettor all ways," I au- swered, evasively. 44 Yoo know tho lady you saw me with at Hastings ? 1 should liko hor to be your friend. Somo day, perhaps, it may be managea. Go now, my time is your fathor's, and I am wasting It." Her face was radiant with smiles agaiu. 44 Ask her," she said, softly. 4 4 Perhaps if I bad such a friend 1 might tell her the things that trouble me, and she would set me right." I sot no storo by her words then ; they seemed to refer only to tho fancius of her imaglnaUre mind. I little know how very real was tho problem she— morally so ill- equipped — waB struggling with alone. Had I never felt tho fascination of her beanty, doubtless I should have carried out my own suggestion, taken Doris into our matual confidence, and so in all hnman probability have averLed a tragedy ; but at tho timo, when I thought it oyer, it seemed unfair to Doris, cowardly on my uwn part, to seek to place her between us as a bulwark for my weakness, and so 1 let things drift towards the rocks ahead. (To be Continued) 