READY TO PERISH. Clarence Mansfield stood under the clour, iiutuinn moonlight in a secluded spot in Hyde Hark, a homeless, hopeloss, stricken man. Ho wag filled with despair too deep for words, and tho most bitter thought in his heurt was that lie had been brought to this terrible pass by his own mud folly. The quiet stars shone above him ; and the night winds sighed mournfully through the trees und amid tho long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and tnon suiik upon a seat with a groan. A sound sbruclt his ear— the hour called aloud by many clocks. He mechanically drew from his pocket a handsome gold watch, and by the uncertain light regarded its fuce. As ho re placed the watch in his pocketa bitter smile crossed his pale face. ' What mabters tho our ?'' ho said aloud, The man was in that lonely spob witli a fearful purpose — he had come there to die. Yes, in that solitary spot he intended to take the life thab had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to lie borne, a curse instead of a blessing. It had come to this : he, a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished to live. Disgruced by his own actions, he had no courage to face the world he knew— rather would he leap unbidden into eter nity, and brave the perils he knew not. He drew forth a revolver, and placed it upon the scat beside him, where it lay with a pas sing ray of moonlight falling through elm leaves, and glinting on ibs polished surface like the smile of an evil spirit, sinister und deadly. ' I am losb, body and soul,' said the man, removing his hat slowly, with u wild thought of prayer Hashing through his brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold mu/.zle against his burning brow. ' Hold. What is this V The voice startled the suicide. Ho lowered the weupon, and gazed at the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung up from the puth-way on which he stood, so suddenly hud he ap peared. ' Who are you ?' asked Mausfiold haughtily. ' Never mind me. Who are you and what aro you doing ?' ' Why should I render an account of myself to you, '!' asked Clarence defiantly. 'I am a desperates man,' replied the other, calmly. ' Like yourself, I came here to put an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us talk a little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why do you kill yourself 2 I do it because I am haunted by the everlasting shadow of past ill- doings, my deud past, a3 you may say. They talk of angels weeping over lost sinners ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. 1 can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now I stand under the stars without a shilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I hud only a half penny left. I knew it was useless to buy any with that- a half-pennyworth of poison could never make an end of a tough citizen like me, so I walked up here. 1 have thut hulf-penny left. I'll give it to you for a loan of your rcolver, for bud as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to you. I'm not niiturully mean. I'll die first' Mansfield looked at his new acquaintance in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips ? He appeared about 35 years of age ; he was ball and thin, his hair and beard were light brown, sbraggling and unkempt, and . his clobhing were extroinely shabby. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar lighb grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous tempera ment. He constantly kept looking around him, us if he dreaded he knew nob what. ' Who are you '!' asked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. ' I am Alfred the Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alps, tho Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like, ' A rose by any other name.' What's tho use of arguing over one's name at a time like this ? Let us sbudy cause and effecb, devote our lasb moments to something useful. The causes of my present condition are too much wine, too much card-playing, too much worse than doubt ful company, and lastly, a big speculation in grain thut wenb the wrong way ; the effecb of all this being that I can't stand it any longer. ' 1 did nob inquire your nume from idle curiosity,' said Clarence. ' I was struck by the strange circumstunce of your appear ing jusb at the moment you did — just when I was about to either put an end to my misery or plunge headlong into a worse hell than this.' ' There is no hell unless we make it so. Look around you. Could mortul eyes gaze upon a fairor oicture ? See how the golden moonlight aleums on the moving billows of grass, wet with dew. See the grueeful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose branchesslumber in peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the voice of nature. They are happy, and, as someono says, ' Only man is vilo.' All my troubles have come from myself. I never tried to do right. You have not either, or you would not bo here.' ' I have tried sometimes.' ' Did you ua.ly Y Well, I didn't. Now, us T have answered your question, you answer mine. Why are you going to die V' ' I am a villain. I have been transact ing business for my father. I wus sup posed to be smart, and, of course, trust worthy. Well, I got into all sorts of bud company, embezzled money, and thought I could replace it ; then gambled to better inysolr, lost all l mid, unu, to rnako a long story short, I've been going to the devil for bhree years ; now I've gob there. My father has discovered all, and I could nob face him, and ubovo all my mother. I could not see any way out of it but I his. I Red from home three days ago, and I've been wandering around ever since. My father is stern and strict; and I've been expecting to be arrosled evor.y moment. He must feel it terribly— and my poor mother ; I am her only child, and she luves me, wus proud of me. Father would think nothing of pul ting mo in prison. But tho worst of all is yet to be told— a girl, a lovely girl, the daughter of wealthy parents, is foolish enough to love mo. Poor child ! she has been living in u ,drcam. It seoms hard that she should have such a, cruel awaken ing. I have dostroyed ovorything thut might leud to my identification, «o I can only hope thut my mother and Lucile may never know what became of me.' He stopped, unablo to continue. His new companion took a suat, for he had been standing. They talked on for some time, and wore recalled to their purpose by the sound of the clocks striking ten. ' Do you know 1 am very hungry '!' said Clarence's new friend.' ' Give mo the pistol, und lob me make an end of this busi ness for it is useless to endure moro discom fort than is absolutely n.ccssury.' For the second time l.hat night Clarence had drawn his watch from his pocket. ' By the way,' he snid, as lie glanced ab it, ' this wutch must be got rid of ; it has my monogram upon it. ? What shall I do with it '!' ' Have you gob a watch ? Why didn'b you say so before ? Lot us go und pawn ib. We can ab least have some supper, and nob go hungry into the noxt world.' ' Why, this is childish. Take tho watch and welcome, but leave me alone. Go ! Perhaps you may see some reason why you should live. Goodbye.' ' No. In the first place I intend to stay with you to the end, and in the 3econd place 1 can'b pawn your watch; for if I do they will nrrcsb me who'n your body is found. Come on, you are nob the man 1 take you for ifyou will leb a fellow creaburo die hungry.' Clarence rose reluctantly ; he wished to geb quickly over his feurful task. It might be that ho feared his desperate couruge would fail him if he delayed. ' Come on, friend,' urged the stranger, und the young man followed him. 'Now we can talk more at our ease,' said the raiin of many names ; slipping his hand through Mansfield's arm as they found themselves on a broader path. He talked on, and Mansfield was struck by the force and originality of his remarks, and vnrie:! nature of his information. He was both witty and well read, and -wemed to have more depth of character than a casual observer would have given him credit for. ' Give me the watch,' he suid,when they were clear of the park, ' und nieeb me in yonder restaurant.' ' It is boo late to pawn it now,' replied Clarence, placing tho watch in his hand. ' Not at all. You are unsophisticated, my young friend. This is Saturday night, and this is the witching hour when the spider, whose sign is three golden balls, calclies more Hies than any other hour in tho day. Proceed to tho restauranb, and I'll be with you anon.' Clarence obeyed. He walked into bhe restaurant and took his seat at one of the tables. A waiter came to take his order, but he told him he was waiting for a friend. Left to himself, a Hood of- painful thoughts came over him. The presence of his new acquaintance had banished thorn for the moment, but they returned with redoubled force when he was once more alone. Ho regretted that he huii not carried oub his terrible intention without delay. and blamed the chance that brought the other wretched man to the sume spot as himself. While painfully musing he took up a paper that lay before him, the 'Daily Telegraph,' and among the ' Personals ' this caught his eye :— 'Clarence M ? , Comehbme. ' All will be forgiven and forgotten. Mother is desperately ill,'ind asks for you constantly. —Father.' What a wild tumult of joy and sorrow purged through his heart. Overcome by tho tide of feolinsr, he laid his head down on the table, and tears of penitonce streamed from his eyes. Those toars were not un manly ; they washed uway tho bitter feel ings ot anguish and despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a stronger und better man. Just as he conquered hia emotion his new friend entered. Ho saw at a glance that some new tide in the affairs of men had turned in his companion's favour. He sat down and silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, and then ordered supper for both without asking one. question. Clarence understood the delicacy thut prompted him, and, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silently, indicating bho notice. ' I am glad, from my heurt,' said bhe stranger warmly, pressing the young man's hand .is he spoke. ' You see, it was well you followed my advice. You will return, of course 1' ' Yos, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy. And you ?' ' Me ! Oh, I'll finish my supper and bhon go back and finish my work. It is no use for tr.e to live.' ' No, you ehull not. Come with me to Oalston. I shall tell my father when and how I mob you. He employs over a hun dred men, and you are not too proud lo work for another mm ab pre»enb, as you have no business of your own.' Tho only answer Cluronce received wus a hearty squeeze of the hand, and in the piercing eyes of his companion he saw tears well up. Next morning saw bobh men on bheir way to Dalston. When they arrived there they went' before Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence told their story. The stern man was deeply moved, and in broken tones he blessed and forgave his erring son. Ho also ? extended a kindly welcome to the stranger, who gave his name as Herman Evorlee. Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but the sight of her boy's foce' restored her. Everlee was plnced in the counting-house, and proved himself a valuable assistunt — Iiono3t,l-eeii, and industrious. He remained in Mr. Mansfield's employ four years, and then requestod leave of absence to go on a visit. He returned, after an absence of four weeks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of six years. All his friends were filled with surprise, as they hud ulways supposed him un unmarried mun. ' That is what filled me with despair,' he said in confidence to Clarence. ' But my bravo Mury foughb on alone till I hud been hero a month, and then I wrote and told her all, Sinco then I have sup ported them, und now I am once more -i happy man. I have gathored furniture by degrees.and although our home is notmuoii like our former mansion, Mary loves it, and says she was never so happy, and I believe her, Uod bless her. .Soon after this Clarence also went awuy on loavc, and brought back his bride, the beautiful Luaile,who had loved him so long and so devotedly. She knew hi» story, and was willing to trust her heurt to his keep ing, and time proved that her confidence was not. misplaced. He became one of the leading men in his business and social circle, respected by all, and woll beloved by relatives and friends, an honoured father and a happy Jiusband. Years after, wlietAhe firm was known as Mansfield and Evorlee, the partnors set asido u sum evury yoar. It wus sent to a well-known clergyman in Whitcchapel to bo used by him for the purpose of assisting just such desperato mon us they once had been— men drivon to despair by tho fruits of their own folly. Tho fund was a secret to tlie partnors, and was culled by them ' Our fund for those who are ' Rendy to Perish.'1 / 