[?] The Induction Ceremony. A GKAPHIC DESOBIPTION. ADDRESSES .FROM PRIESTS ? AND PEOPLE, THE BISHOP'S SPEECH, Bishop Higgins was on Friday week, at Sb. Joseph's Ohuroh, induoted to blip office of! Qathollo Bishop of tho diooQSo of Rook hamptou, The ceremony, though very simple, was pioturesquq, and it was 'wit nessed by a orowded oougrngablon, in cluding mauy non ? Oafcholios, Among those present were the Mayor af Rock hampton (Mr. H, FJddes), and a num ber of tho children from tho Oabholio Orphanage at Meteor Park, Tho ceremony itself oonoludotl, addresses were presented to tho Bishop from the olergy of thedlooeso, the members of tho congregation of St, Joseph's parish, tho Exeoutlvo of the Rook hampton Dlsbrlob of tho Hibernian Austra lasian Oathollo Bnnofib Sooioty, and the Bookhampton Oabhnllo Young Mon's So oiety, 1 TlIK iNDUOTrCttT 'CMKHMONV, .The oeremony of induobing Dr, Higglno 1 commenced really at his quarters at tho Grosvonor Hotol, and sharply ab 11 o'clock, when ho was mob by tho Rov, Fathoi1 Walsh, who has adminifltorod tho affairs of the dioceso since bho (loath of Dr, Higains' pre decessor (Dr. J. Oaui) in March of last year, At tho door of tho hotel ho was received by tho members of tho Hibernian Sooioty and esoovted by thorn in his carriage ;to the grounds of the ohuroh, Ab the entranoo to the grounds there was an arohway of (lowers, and greenery bearing a word of welcome, and- as tho oarriago con veying Dr, Higginw passed beneath bhia the, ohildron of the Oatholio schools in Rook; hampton, who had beeu gathered together^ commenced to sing the words of the hymn, 'Tho Faith of Our Fathers,' Tho children had been llnod up on oibhor sido of the gate way, and right up to within a few foot of bho onbraooo of tho ohuroh -tho girl* on the right, tho boys on the loft. Eaoh ohlld wore a ribbon of tho Bishop's colours — white, red and green- and tho girls carried tho bannerettes of bho Saored Honrb, Our Ltuly, and St, Joseph, The Bishop drove' through tho flies of little folk to tho infantsr school-room, whioh for the nonae, had boon converted Into a sacristy, and between the ranks of the mem bow of tho Hibernian Sooioty, who, In tho meantime, had formed up on either side of tho main door of tho room, At tho door the Bishop was met by tho priests of tho parish of St. Joseph, and bho othor parishes in bho dioooeo who came to Rookhampton to groot him, In tho school-room tho Bishop was vested with tho robofl and other insignia of his oilloo and hoadod by a prooossion, consisting of the oross-bearer, the aoolytes, and tbe priests walked through tho ranks of the Hibernians to the church door. There he presented to the Adminia'tiator the Papal Brief appointing him to the See.' Theuce he proceeded along the nav« to tho sanctu ary. ? As ha stepped inside the door tho bell was tolled; and as he ascended the throne tho '? To Doum ' was intoned by the ohoristers, who, for the occasion, had boon augumen ted by levies from the choirs' of the other ohurohes of the town. The Bishop forninlly enthroned, each one of. the olergy in attendance paid him homage on bended knee. ' Rev. Father Walsh now stepped to tho front of the sanctuary, and, facing the con gregation, said : 'It is my duty to read the Papal Brief from the Holy Father the Pope appointing the Lord Bishop as Bishop of Rockhampbon.' The Brief, which was in the language of the Church (Latin), was then rend, followed by tho following translation : — 'LEO XIII. ' To our Venerable Brother Joseph jHig gins, Titular Bishop of Antifolle, and Auxi liary of the Archbishop of Sydney. ' Venerable Brother, — Health and Apos tolio Benediction, 'The office of the Apostolate, whioh, not withstanding our unworthiness, )ins been committed to us from on high and through which, by Divine Providence, we exercise juriadiotion over all the churches, we desire, with God's help, to fulfil with advantage to the faithful. When, therefore, ruleis of those ohurches are to be chosen 'V\re are most anxious and careful to appoint, us pastors, those who me equalled to edify their people by woid and example, and are willing aud able, with the Divine assistance, to maintain in tranquiliity, and rule with wisdom, tho churches entrusted to their keeping. We have, for a long time, reserved to Ourselves the filling-up of vacancies in episcopal Sees, and, consequently, have deolared null and void any appointment made, knowingly or in ignorance, by any person, whatsoever his authority may be. Now, the. diocese of Rookhampton, in Australia, being deprived of the ministra tions of a Bishop sinoe the death of the Most Rev. John Oani, of blessed memory, Wo, desirous of. appointing his successor (by an act of authority,, whioh none but Our selves oan or oould exercise, as it is reserved by decree to the Supreme Pontiff), de liberated long and fully with Our venerable brethren, the Cardinals of tho Congregation of Propaganda, and, in oonsequenoe, now turu to you, venerable brother, of whose pieby, learning, and experience wo have many proofs, with speoial afl'eotion, We hereby absolve you (so far ns is now necessary) from all eoolesiastioal censures and penalties (should you have incurred any suoh), and through the fullness of Our ApoHtolio power, We release you from the position of Titular Bishop of AntifeJle, translating you, by tho same authority, to the See of Rock hampton, Over this churoh Wo place you as Bishop and Pastor. Tho care, government, and administration of it, both in tho spiritual and in temporals, we give to you, trusting that, through Him who gives His graou and gifts in abuudanoe, you will do all tor the greater glory of God and the Balvation of souls. 'Notwithstanding tho Constitution of Our PredooesEor, Benedict XIV,, in the division of matters and the other constitu tions and sanctions of tho Holy See and all things else though deserving of special and separate mention, 'Given at Sb, Petor/s, Rome, under tho ring of the Fisherman, on bhe 4th day of May, Jn tho year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninoty-nino, and the twenty seoond year of Our Pontifioato,' This concluded tho oeremony j but there followed tho presentation of the addresses, the addroes-in-roply of the Bishop, and tho Benediction, After tho Bishop's address bhe choir sang ' ]2oooSaoerrloa,'and during bho Bencdiot ion tho solo 'OSalutaris' was glvon by Mr, T, M'Cormaok, and Oartoni's 'Tantum' and Zingarolh's 'Laudato' (Mr, J, Farry taking the solo in the latter) by tho ohoir, Theuoe the Bishop returned to the school room, procoded, as before, by tho cross* bearers, tho aoolytos, and tho priests, Tick Ohuhoh Dhooratjonh, Tho timo-fltained walls of tho little ohuroh do not lend thomsolvos much to adornment \ bub they had been beautified by bhe hand of an artist. It is only stating the faob to say thab the ocUHoo never looked moro beautiful, Tho high altar was de corated with flowers and shrubs, and t'he numberless, oandles thab wore burning on it bhrow an unwonted brllllanay on the soeue, At the eastern sido of tiho aano tuary was tho Bishop's throne of purple a,nd gold, in fronb'of wbioh was a roproduo t'ion of bho oresb of tho Bishop, Round the walls of tho annexes woro loopod in grace ful beauty cream and blue muslin, set oil with pendant tassels of gold and black. Tho sides of tho main part of the church was similarly adornod ; bub tho muslin bore vvafi of cream and red roliovud with largor black and gold baHSolH, Suspended from thin, and oovering tho posts whioh divide tho annoxos from the nrnin portion of the ohuroh, were* looped up picturesquely curtainB of blue muslin, Tho posts at the rear of the build ing beneath the choir gallery were also hidden, but by flowers and greeneiy, .The general efl'ecb was heightened by three large shields— reproductions on a magnified scale of tho shield of Ihe Bishop. Eaoh had a. ? blue ground with a purple bar and was edged with dark crimson. From the top of; each there peeped tho ends of six spears,, while in the centres there was a battle axe and the motto of Dr. Higgins, ' Pro deo ot patria,' a Sb. Joseph's lily, and a small battle axe. The shields, wore hung— one on either side of the body of bho ohuroh close to the altar rails, the third in front of the wall of the choir gallery.' Thk Addhessks, The address from the priests, whioh was as follows, wus read by Rov. Father- ?? Walsh :— Oa behalf of the undersigned priests of your diocese, we bog to offer you a most oordial welcome. The news of your ap pointment to this Sec was received with joy and gratitude by every one of your prioats,. and it gives us groat pleasure to tender you ?hero to-day the expression of our unswerv ing loyalty, Wo fuel confident that, under Divine Providence, the growth of our holy religion in this division of Queensland will be promoted under your rule, and, under all thoto diilioulfioH inuidtaital to tho adminis tration of a ltirge and sparsely-populated, territory, you may rely on our ready sym pathy and hearty co-operation. We trust that you may soon enjoy the privilege of oponing your new Cathedral,, and finally pray that you may long be spared to rule over us, With expression , of loyalty and attach ment, wo beg to subscribe ourselves. The following is the address of the con gregation of St. Joseph's Church, whioh was read by Mr. T. Kelly : — We, tho undersigned, on behalf of the Catholics of Rock hampton, hereby rospeot fully tender you a deep and heartfelt wel come to this diocese. Hearing much of your . distinguished career in the . mother colony auoCelsewhere, we assure your Lord ship that the announcement or your ap pointment to this See was received through out tho diocese with feelings of joy and thankfulness. For over six years our chief efforts have bem devoted to the oreobion of a cathedral befitting the growing requirements of the Catholics' in Ibis part of Queensland, and wo 'assure your Lordship that our btst efforbs will be oheei fully given to strengthen your Lordship's hands in whatever course you ' may deem necessary for tho completion of our cathedral churoh. We trust that your Lordship will be pleased to hear that many excellent sohools and other educational institutions have been established in tho various centres throughout the diocese, and foremost amongst these institutions thus founded is the orphanage ab Meteor Park, whioh may bo Baiu to have beon as dear to tho heart of our late revered Bishop as it now stands a. monument of his benevolent and ohristian charity. In conclusion, wo again bog to welcome your Lordship amongst us, and we earnestly Kroy that you may long be bparcd to fill tho igh and holy office of Bishop of the' dioooBe, Mr, D.- Mahor (Secretary of the Rook hampton District of the Hiberniau Society )- road the address of tho members of thab organisation, as follows :— Wo, the Exeoutive of tho Rookhampton. Distriob of the Hibernian Australasian., Catholic Benefit Sooioby, on behalf of the members of that body, offor you a hearty 'oaod niillo failthe ' on your arrival in our midst, Wo desire to express our ploasure at your elevation to the important Seo of Rook hampton, boing confident that, under your kind and judioious administration, our churoh and oooioty will continue to prosper. We promise you our oo-oporabion in the work of completing that noblp edifice — our cathedral— In tho erection of which our late Bishop took so deep an interest, Again welcoming you and craving the benefit of your blessing for our society, wo1 subscribe ourselves, v ? The following is tho address of the Oabholio Young Men's Sooleby, whioh was road by Mr, W, H. Shoohy (secretary) ! — 'Send knowledge forth bo boaubify and- purify the oarbh 'The nurse of manly sentimonb, of honour,. truth, and worth, , ' Leb ib go forbh unsbained and free froniv prido's unholy loavon u Wibh foarloss spirit raised to, man, bub humbly bent co hoavon,' On behalf of bhe members of bhe Catholic Young Monlfi Soaioby, wo horoby bog to offer our tribute of rospeob to your Lordsnlp, arid bo welcome you to Rookhampbnn, Though but recently established, wo have - tho pleasure of assuring your Lordship that our alma ho far havo mob wibh a marked dogroo of mtoooHB, Wo arc beginning to roallfio how much moral and montal im provement aaoruoH trom intoraourao with each other in intollootual discourse, Our1 young mon ah oiuly tako a doop intoroob irii ?the preparation of papers on historical and literary subject's. Most of \u are native born- Australians who feel proud of our .countrv, and of the many distinguished men who have illumined the pages of Australian history. Yet we have not failed to extend our reading to the history of other lands, ?especially to the Ptory of Ireland, its Hamts and its scholars, its warriors and states men, and its noble aspirations for the bless ings of legislative independence. We rospsctfully request that your Lord ship will honour us by accepting the posi tion of pauon of our society. We promiou that we shall do all in our power to prove ourselves worthy of your favour and en couragement, and wo earnestly pray that vnn imv lone bo spared to guide and assist us by your loving care in the paths ol piety and mental improvement. The addresses were all handsomely framed, and, it is no exaggeration to say, works of art. . The principal one —that from the priests —it would have been difficult to have ex oelled a9 an example of artistic . skil . lo contains pictures of St. Joseph's Uureh and (ho cathedral in its presents unfinished Htato and as it will appear when the work of us erection has been brought to a oonuluBion— sketched in water-colours and lending a very pretty effeot. In the centre ot tha top oorhor is tho ? Bishop's oreso, wiui wu.lo shield, castles in gold on a dark greun band across the face, Gouttes de Sang and hat with golden cords and tassels and ribbon. On the top, on purple ribbon, is the Bishop s motto. The borders are Gothic panels filled in with grape vines and wheat, and in the centre of the Hovoral panels are pictures ot the CJhalitte, Monatrouco, Otbonum and «miHm\ Each corner, luu, iw tnnohed with ? Gothic tracery. ... The address from the congregation was, if anything, more elaborate than that of the priosts. In the left hand corner is the Bishop's crest, whilst water-colour sketches illustrate the Cathedral, Convent, North Rockhampton Church, Convent School, Meteor Park Orphanage, and the Christian Brothers'. School. Tho bordors of this are filled -in with Gothic ' tracery. Tho centre of tho top bolder bears the symbo of the Sacred Heart and tho centre of the bottom border the banner and golden harp. The crape vine is also used very effectively in the ornamentation ot tho address. Tub Bisnov's Address. Very reverend and reverend fathers and. dearly beloved brethren of tho laity,— fJo sav that I receive- with gratitude those beautiful addresses which your kindness has prompted you to present to me on my arrival amongst you would bo to express very little indeed of tho feelings which fill my breast at this moment. I come amongst you a comparative stranger, with few merits of my own and with fewer claims to the high position which I have, been summoned to occupy in your diocese; but I come, all the same, as the bearer of the high commission of the Vioarof Christ, and recognising in that commission the warrant of my authority, and the title deeds of my mission, you receive me as a father, and vou address to mo encouraging words of welcome that go far to 'allay those feel incs of diffidence which a lively conscious neea of coming responsibility only too .sensibly awakens. JTor that, generous welcome I thank you. I think, in the first nlaoe, the venerable priests ot this diooese, to whom I ootno not more as a ruler than a fellow worker, and I sincerely trust that in the luture pi elocution ot their arduous labours I shall always be found standing loyally by their side and taking a man's part In the burdens1 which they bear. I thank the kind and warm-hearted laity. of this diocese for those well-limed words of erecting that have fallen so sweetly on my Swa to-day. My thanks are also duo to the members of the. Hibernian Australas an -Catholic Benefit Booiety, in the promotion of whose organisation -in the mother oolony I have had for the past 10 years more than a friend's part, and for tho all-sufficient reason that I recognise in that Bpoioty the emboc li- menu of those high principles which should over bo tho guiding light to Irish Ausira liana in this oountry-ttevotlon to tholr re llKion, loyalty to their adopted country, and an undying love of tho land of tholr fathers, wnobtfled Ecu it is by the hallowed memories of martvrs, saints and poholui'H, And though last not least, I also thank my young Eds of the Catholic Young Men's Society who have banded themselves tognthor under tho standard of Holy Church for he noblest ?of purnoHOB-that is for their h«U advance mont in tho religious, tho soolal arid tho in ' tolloobttftl life of tho«r young and p.ocresslvo country. I shall watoh the onward march of thin Australian band with a lively interest that will bo all tho greater from what they fc»U me namely, that ono of tho brandies of theli StoSSv p««ttita wlirbo tho Htory of .that old land whioh is so olosoly linked by the sympathetic llos of moo and relgion to their young Australia, and whioh furnishes so maiJV high ideals of devotion to latth and, the fibUrfind. While bhu« rant bring bo vou, dour brothren,-my hoarlfelb thanks for the onoourngomenf which your won h have .oonveyed-to mo, I feel ib my duty at 7, / ... i.i.«n kn twirl (hah in liHRlimintf the uno HaniH win' vv ?''??- v«, i i '? NBponsibmtleii of your Bishop, J. hfvo .muoh to-enoourago mo. J. have, in tho flrst instance, tho reflection that tho bur. then laid upon' mo i& none of my own ?choosing} but it comes' to mo from tho voice of him who muat over have tho firat claim upon my obodionoo, and that in oboy inc that voice -which I must ulw.nya bo un ?reServedly prepared to do-I uhftll huvp. tho stronger olaim on the bonign Huppurfaof that Divine Master whoBe representative he is, in whose name ho speaks, and with whose authority he governs the church of God, ever confident in the enduritig promise that against its divinely-founded citadels the powers of darkness shall never prevail. I have confident- trust in tho .unswerving loyalty of a small but devoted bnnd of hard working helpmates, who have already done so much by their earnestness and their zeal to spread the light of Christian truth throughout this extensive diocese, and wieh whose future efforts in tho prosecution of their oxulted mission I sincerely trust E shall alwayfl be found loyally and generously co operating. I have also tho Biipporb of whioh your encouraging words furnish so strong. a presage— namely, that your lundnoes ot heart and yovir generosity of nature will make allowanco for any deficiencies which may' appear in my service towards you, and that you will recognise in that service, not tho measure of bucoosb attained, but the sincerity of intention with whioh that servico will bo rendered. T have also— which id nob th» least inspiring thought to day—the knowledge of that lively faith and that well-proved devotion to your church for winch you Catholics of Rockhampton stand so distinguished. If there bo one thing more than another of tho many things to whioh my attention ,has been inviiod during the past few weoks,1 and upon which thu-e would seem to bo porfecb accord of thought'/ and expression, it is your attach ment to your holy religion, as ho strikingly manifested by you, So that I may address to you in all truth St. Paul's approving words to the Thessalonianfl of old— ' Wo crivo thanks to God always for you all. . . being mindful of tho work of your faith, ami labour, and charity. ... for our gospel hath nob been unto you in word only, but in power also, and in the Holy Ghost. . . inasmuch as in every place your faith, which is towards God, is gone forth, so that we need not speak anj thing.' I need hardly remind you i.o-aay tuau it win nun only be my privilege, but also my consola tion and my joy, to foster those sentiments in your hearts, and to co.oporate with, you towards tho attainment of those high ainn towaids whioh puoh generous dispositions must always tend. There is uo more bounti ful spring of sustaining hope to a Bishop than the knowledge that he possesses the approving support of a believing people who will be always prepared to second his efforts for the advancement of Christian knowledge and who will always bo ready to recognise the claims of God and His church above every earthly consideration, and manifest the sincerity of their con victions—nob only by their generous oxpres* Bions, but by their personal sacrifices, Suoh ia the (look over which I have been called upon to reign, and I can add with all truth that it shall bo ever my high ambition to prove myself not unworthy of the trust. Now, dear brethren, let mo tell you in tho next place thrt I come to you from a busy field of missionary labour where tho Ohuroh of God is advancing by leaps and bounds^ a3 manifested by tho marvellous multiplication of churches, and schools, and convents, and other institutions of religion and charity— whore her onward mnroli is giuaou oy uno wisdom of a Oardinal-Arcihbishop whofe sseal in the interests of religion is only equalled by the brilliancy of those intellectual attain ments that not only shed a hmtro around his exalted position, but constitutes him to* day tho fearless champion of Catholic truth in Australia. I come from the ranks of, a prioslhood remarkable alike .for their devo tion to duty and their disinterestedness of purposo, and whose untiling zeal has re sulted in great triumphs of grace in that f ivourod vineyard of tho Lord, I alao oima i'com a people whose aitiiohmtmt to their church and whoio wholo-uoulsd genoroslty in the interests of thab church are nob only worthy of, but perhaps superior ' to, the brightest traditions of the aid race from which they sprung. Separation from suoh workers na these o.-n never take place wi'.h out a severance of heart) ties whioh, pa1 hnpa, aro too bitter for nniplo oxpr«8sion, At tho anme time, thab separation hna bouir faood wlthoub a murmur beo.iusb the voiuo of duty called for tho Baarlflao, I oomo 10 you to-day in obodionoo to the voice of tho 'Fisherman to spend the closing years of my life amongst you, mid nu long as it may ploaso an nil disposing Providence that these yours may' run, it'shufl always bo my uartu'sb endeavour to co-operate with youi1 /.o.ilaufl efforts in the attainment of good, and thus to attain to that high id mil of my sacred olHoo which must; always bind mo to hold alul'b tibo standard of faith atvl .maintain thoso principles of justice, brut.h, rollgiou, and charity upon which bhupoium of society, the prosperity of tho churoh, and the salva* tion of immortal souls miiHt always cU-pend, Thin brings1 mo to another Biibjoot alluded to in more than ono of your adilroHBos that domanda moi'o than a ? pausing rofoionoo from me to-riav, No visitor to your ,t,own can fall to notion the omnmandlutf proper ti ns and arohiboo'urul boauly of tlnvti Biruouuo that in doHllnod, at no distant dato. I triiHb, bo bo your oathodrnl olutroh, Hvou now, in ita utifinidhoil fui'in, it Hbands oub a nobli) bmbxliinonb of join1 love fur tho beauty of Uocl'n house. I can nob Hpualc too highly of tho lofi-iiioHH of conception of tho bol.luosB ot riui'iioao, and tho Honoroaiby ol. re solve whlah must' havn inppii'oii tho muici1 baking of «uoh a spit -mllil odKloo to the hoiioiU1 iwiil glory of God, I huye nohoolta tlon In Baying it will Hbaiid fot1 dayB to oomu as an oncittrinpc monumenb of Lite gron'tnosH 'of hint who laldlbH founriatlonfl and watched. ho auxiotiBly ovor its rlnp. I pan wpll under, stand tho dllnoulHos whioh have boaot tho prosecution of thab groat work amongst you, and therefore allow mo to tell you that 'l require no words t,o remind mo thab tho in terruption of that woik nuibt havo been the oooasiou of lively regret to you. I repolvo, however, with the ueepeut consolation, tho assurance from you that I shall have your willing- oo operation -when ? I find myself in tho position to resume. that work amtftigBt vou. After tho propagation of tho failh of 'Christ and the salvation of your own im mortal souls, I 'fowl t.hitt that in 'tho ono special woik which I havo boon sent hero to take in hand, and rest' assured of it that ovory vaftsonablo ofTorb of mine shall 'be (lireolod. towards the oomplotion of that work an long as ihoioromalna lo bo ouppliod ono'llno of its external form or one fo ituro of its internal ndoi'iiinout, Your sacrifices ill the oiURO of tho religious orluoation of youth ai-» not unknown lo mo. I had the privllog« some two years ago of wooing what you had done, nob only Here, bub in many other pavts of your dtoooso, for tl)iH great on use in tho erection and tho oflioloub working of your muny GhrlaUau sohoolfl.and nsxmowho lias dovoiiod many yoaiR of his life to tho intorosts of thab uanso, bollovo mo ,thab my bosb endeavouro shall always be dovobod to oxtond and perpetuate for your children blessing, whono pi-loolo^a valuo must ever occupy tho noxb nlaoo In your approoiation to the nrt'aiou* gift of your divine faith. I innvn. with lively HaUsfaoliiou, that you havo ttlroady working amongHt you Huch clovoted ohamnlouH of tho oaiwo of tho udnoablon of youth aH tho OhvlnUiin .Brobherfl and the bis torBof Movov,and porhnpfl tho best tostlmony 1 can give of tho depth of my sympathy and Ihosbrongth of my oonvlollmw on t« i» ques tion in to toll you that my flrat act aB your Biuhop wn» to Boouro for tho child ion ol the rtioooBO, at no dlBln-nt, dnt.o, an additional oommunity of each of thoBO admirable ooiv arogalionH. In oonolua ion,' I wjph to ob Borvo. in oomiooMon with thin Biibjoot, that I also rooognlBO thono aUttBioiw which, you ? havo made °o that homo of .OhrlBUan.benov* olonoo tit Motcar Park, of whioh you havo iMMHoii to foul ho proud, and whioh, I think, must always stand amidst tho institutions of this diocese as the greatest achievement of your late venerated Bishop, Dr. Cani. Of tho many legacies which have come down to mo of his episcopal administration, there is nono of whioh I shall watoh with more tender care It watt pre-eminently the creation of his burning love for tho orphaned and tho poor, It was thcyobjoct of his most anxioiiB solicitude, and I believe it is also tho institution of this diocese whioh shall ? exeroUo must iofluenoo in perpetuating his memory amongst a grateful and sorrowing Hook. Lob ino add that your Jato honoured ??? Bishop wan one of i-hoBe retiring spirits who . love to do flood by stealth, and I feel per suaded t/hao to tlio reoordin'g augol is best known thoao worlsn of heroic olmrity whioh mnrkod tho path of hi« duty at every stage of his long und labot'ious administration of this diocese. May God trraht. mo a little of , rl_ tliat horoio spirit, that t'orgetfulneHs of self, . '^?: that devotion to tho poor and orphaned, ' \ and lovo of God which. shone out so brightly ? in ovory work of his that ho undertook through llfo for the honour and glory of his Dlvino Mastor. May the blessing of Al mighty God— tho Father, tho Son and tho Holy 'Ghost—abide with you for e\er. Amen. « ? ? ? ..?.'. At tho conclusion of the' ceremony 'in the churoh tho Bishop roceivod tho ohildron of ' tho Motcpr Pnrk Orphanage in tho school room, i\c?dresBod a fow words of grooting to thorn, thankod ? thorn for their- woloomin^ pro'sonco in tho church 5 and, with the pro- , miso of an early visit to them in their home, beBtowed on thorn his blossing. A largo numbor of tho members of tho congregation aleo waited on Dr, Higgins., Some would bo thought to do groat things who aro but tools nnd instruments, liko tho fool who fftnoied ho played upon tho organ when ho only blow tho bellows. Isloquonoo nuiBt flow like a stream that is fofl by an abundant Bpring, and not spout forth a little frothy water on some gaudy day, and romnin dry tho rest of tho year. 