ftH -AUSTRAUAH FAIRY TALE. THE MYSTERY OF ROCKY HILL. By Cora M. Anderson, Pingarrah. Western Australia. (Continued from last week). A number of imps had come In to sup per with them, and'kept up a ceaseless chatter. After Supper the . dwarf led.Aly- lathe away'to'bed. To his surprise, the bedroom Ilani showed him was exactly jn-.e nis room at Lecianda. I have some curious things to show you in the morning," said Ilani, as he hade Alylathe good-night. During the night Alylathe. had one bad dream. A giant had him pinned down on an im mense dish, with a fork. . The. dish was on top of Rocky Hill. Y. ill your Majesty prefer the head or an arm, the Giant said to the King, flou rishing a big carving- knife. "The head, please," was the King's reply. Alylathe struggled to get- free, but in vain. Just as1 his head was about to-be cut off, he struggled so hard that he woke up, to find that Ilani was shaking him vigo rously to awaken him. Come!" Ilani said. "Dress quickly. There are some strange things for you to see yet." Alylathe took care not to tell his dream, although he could not help thinking about it. At breakfast there was a strange dish that he liked very much. This, he found ut afterwards, had been prepared for him by the witches, and was something in connection with the spell. Directly after breakfast a fairy came in with a message from the Queen for Hani. After reading this, Ilani seemed delighted. ' "Yes," he said; "tell the Queen that I shall do my; best to aid her. She will be here. this. evening, then I can see her, if I cannot before." , The fairy went off with this message. As in the caves it was always dark, they had to burn lights all the time. They went into the room where they I were the night before. It was empty now. The fire under the cauldron was out. The water was only running slow ly over the rock. The room, lighted only by the light Ilani carried, did not look like the one inhabited by fairies the night before. "Where are the King and those that were here last night?" Alylathe asked of Ilani. - "I. don't know, where the King is now," replied Ilani; ."in the hill somewhere, I expect." - .. As they left the room they passed through a' - long - passage and several rooms. Eyery here and -there they ran across an imp, fairy "or" giant. A num ber of imps and one giant passed .'them on their way to clean out the room where the King'had been the night be- ore, and came back with great bundles t fading flowers.' They soon had the room cleaned out. /"'You Shall see them decorate1 it to night," said Jlanl to .Alylathe. "Now come and see - tlhe ; King's underground garden." " i"; T i " ' ' - To' Alylathe's surprise, the flowers " grew by lamplight", but the garden was more weird' than beautiful. They were nearly all different "flowers from those l which Alylathe knew, and even those which grew on- the hill were of a paler shd.de and not-so gay as those which (had sunlight. In and out among the bushes lurked- ghosts. Among them Alylathe .noticed the black, whom he had. seen first in the cavern. Suddenly they came across the King, who was telling a party of rock imps to raise a pile of stones and plant some curious ferns and creepers on it. The light in the garden was different to moonlight, for it was more wild and unearthly. A slight .breeze sent a desolate wail .through some trees that were growing near. This, however, did not drown the -chanting of the ghosts, who were march ing in single file in and out between the trees, keeping pace to their chanting. A large, arched ceiling of grey stone, spangled with lights to represent the sun, moon and stars, hung ever their heads, high up. Presently a fairy came up, and said, "Her Majesty would like to see you at once." They followed the fairy across the gar den. Here they found the Fairy Queen. , "Hani," said the Queen, "I would give you that power at once, but I can not trust you, but the minute Alylathe is free you can have it." "But you cculd give it to me to-night." "Before the King? Do you think he would leave you in charge of Alylathe then? Even before he comes there are the imps and the giants. They would tell him." This Ilani had to admit, and, turning to Alylathe and holding out a slip of paper, he said, "This is what I received this morning." Alylathe took it, and read: "If Ilani, dwarf, assists Alylathe Maybrook to es cape, and return to his friends as well as when he entered the Hill, he shall be granted the Power of Sole Control over Nopidaena Creek. — Fairy Queen, King's Garden!" . This made their conversation quite ciear.to him. "But," said Hani, "will not the witches' spell render us powerless?" "No doubt," the Queen replied, "if it was what it seemed, for it was very powerful." "Are the witches also on our side?" exclaimed Ilani. "Yes," said the Queen, quietly, "they are." "Well, I'll set Alylathe free as soon as I can. Have you heard when the Giant King of Omelia is to give that feast in the cave in Deep Gorge?" "It's on the third evening after to night." "I think we will have to wait till then." . At that moment a fairy came up to ask a question, so Ilani strolled off with Alylathe. "What is the feast in Deep Gorge for?" asked Alylathe. "Well," answered Hani, "long ago, be fore white people ever came to Aus tralia, there lived a king of a tribe of blacks, who was famous for his immense size. His tribe, however, by a series of accidents, was much weakened, when a northern tribe made war upon them. There -was apparently no hope for the Black Giant, when the King of Rocky Hill Spirits came to his aid. As soon as the battle commenced one of the Northern tribe fell dead, hit by a bomerang? Of course, the battle ended then, as the rule of the blacks is, that the first side that loses a man also loses the battle. I They may mortally wound as many as they can, but that is not killing outright. Ever since then, on the date of the battle, ' the Black Giant gives a feast, and the' Spirits . of Rocky' Hill go, except a few who. remain at home to get the room ready. for all the spirits who come to hear of the work done, and to be done." (To be continued.) 