Ghosts that Walk, Edmund 3?. Ball, writing in The Royal Magazine upon ' Whore Ghosts Walk,' says : Scattered all over ' Our Happy Isles' may be seen many mansions and ghostly looking ruins, where tradition tolls us spirits frequent and goblins hold their midnight revels. Many churchyards— especially cnosse in tne country —still retain their ' ghosts.' Of these perhaps the most noted legend is that in connection with Kelvedon, Essex. It appears that a poor miller, who, though honest, found it impossible to make both ends meet, and hanged himself from the branches of an old treo. Tradition states him to havo been the ' only honest miller in Essex,' and that his( spirit may sometimes bo seen wandering around the churchyard, with a halter around its nock and ?Its tongue lolling out— certainly not a vei-y pleasant sight. The story of the apparition at Berry Pomeroy Castle, near Totnes, is well-known in the West of England. It is founded on tho experience sf Dr. Walter Farquliar. Ho ?was then at Torquay, and was called to tho ' Castle to attend the steward's wife. On his arrival, he was shown into a room on tho ground floor and asked to wait a moment. After some minutes had olapsod, lie grew im patient ; then ho arose to question a female ?who had opened a side door and was walking across tho room. His surprise, however, was great when ho noticed her manner and garb. She was dressed in rich attiro, but in an absolutely out-of-date costume, and wruuglior hands in a pitiful mauner — hor face evincing signs of groat distress. She walked t» tho flight of oak stairs and, quickening her pace, dis appeared. At that moment the steward entered the room, and announced that his wife was ready to see him. Dr. Farquliar found his patieut dangerously ill, and ho was bo much engrossed with tho caso that ho forgot, cro he loft the building, to question tho steward as to the young lady ip tho curious dross ho had seen. On tho following day, he found his patient much improved, and remomberod to ask the B toward about the mysterious young lady. As the doctor recounted his experience, the poor fellow showed unmistakable signs of foar and trembling, and told tho doctor that if now he was sure his wifo would soon die, as the spectre was tho spirit of tho daughter of an early owner of tho Castle who had murdered her child, and had since appeared as an omen foretelling the death of an inmate. Dr. Farquliar quickly gave tho steward every assurance of hiB wife's turn for tho bettor, and that ho thought sho would continue to im prove, but tho orodulous old stoward would ?not hear of it. Tho next day the Doctor callod at tho Castlo, and was astounded to ?.find that his pationt had died soon aftor he left tho placo tho preceding day. Tho most strango part of tho story is to come. Aftor an interval of sovoral years, Dr. ..TTarquhar was well-known in London as Sir Walter Farquliar (1796), and could count among his clients and friends cortain members of nobility and Royalty. One day a lady came to him in groat . distress, Baying hor sister was ill, and appeared sto bo wasting away, and . that on being questioned, she was most emphatic in saying Bho saw a ghost when visiting in Devonshire Borne weeks before, whioh had loft such an impression upon lior, that do what sho would Bho could not shak^ it off. Tlio lady further said that tho spoctre appoared at Borry, Pomeroy Castle, at which Sir Walter started, iold his oxporiencos, and rcquosted to soo tho ?young lady immodiatoly, whom ho found suffering as described. Tho poor^ girl appoared greatly rolievod to bo speaking to Bomeono who shared her unoomfortablo oxperionce, and, it may bo added, soon xogainod her usual health. Away in the North, tho old mansion of Denton Hall, near Nowoastlo-upon-Tyno, is liauutod by a spoctre rejoicing in the name of ' Silky,' whereby hangs a love story. In ' tho timo of the Stuarts a gallant cavalier was paying attentions to an older ? sister but ho afterwards incontinently transferred his affec tions to a younger sistor — an oxtromoly beau tiful girl. The discarded sister, mad with ?'jealous passion, sought the favoured girl's jbod and strangled hor. Tho restless spirit of ?Jbho murderess has been froquontly soon drossod in whito silk of out-of-dato design, Bilontly moving along tho passagOB and up tho groat stairoaso of tho house to tho room where tho tragedy was committed. As lato as 188-i' tho mysterious form appeared, and was ?Hoomingly dragging ' Bomothing'' across tho £oors of two rooms to an opon window. Hor snddon appearance has boon known to act as a warning of death to cortain of tho inmatos, and sovoral instanco9 aro reportod to liavo como truo. In ono caso, the speotro appeared to a yonng lady who liappoiiod to jbe staying at Douton Hall, and warned hor against a young .man who had been paying hor attentions. It iB said that 'somo timo aftorwards somo facts bocamo known which sliowecl tho young follow to bo a vory ?nndoBirablo character as a suitor for tho hand of tlio young lady.. This girl, it should bo montionod, had not hoard of Silky and hor warning propensities, and was under tho impression that hor visitor was somo cranky old lady who was staging in tho liouso as tho apparition in addition to hor wluto dross, woro jowollory, and ovon wrinklos woro plainly disoorniblo upon tho faco. The incidont leaked out by tho girl tolling a f riond in confidonoo of ' tho intorforing old woman,' as Bho put it. Sovoral instauoos can bo quoted of visitors, who had oithor onoountorod or hoard ' something,' and rofused to stay in tho liouso. Of tho onco magnificont palace of Richmond, huilt on Richmond Groon by Honry YII., the old gato is tho ohiof ornament, and this is said to bo lmuntod by tho ghost of Queen Eliza beth, who diod lioro in 1G03. ? Tho spirit of anothor Queon, that of Cathoiino, is reputed to haunt tho gallory of tho groat stairoaBo of Hampton Court Palaoo. It appears sho had boon oonfinod to her room, and, osoaping, ran tsovoamiug along tho stairoaso to spoalc with King Honry VIII,, who was at his dovotions k(P) in tlio chapel. Tlio guards, however, boro [ hor back to her oliamlior still soroaming, aud alio afterwards mot hor doom on Tower, Hill. Tho ghost still HoroarnB, and is said to wear a look of uttor despair as it rushoB along the pnssagoB. 