MISCELLANEOUS. At the recent Wesleyan Methodist Conference in London a clergyman of the Church of England, who formerly was a Wesleyan minister, applied to be taken back as -a supernumerary minister — that is, put on the 'retired list.' ?. This is unexampled in the Methodist body. A special committee was appointed to deal with tihe case. , , The United States ^Church- Army,' in its crusade against intemperance, is establishing in New York saloons where a person can procure tea and other non intoxicating beverage at small ? cost. ! Several prominent citizens of New York, including Cornelius Vanderbilt, Dr. George F. Shrady, Edwin Knox, and the Rev. E. Walpole Warren, have in terested themselves in the matter, and have given the new movement practical and moral assistance. A large glasa of tea, hot or cold, is sold for one cent— - one-fifth of the price of a glass of beer. The money expended in the purchase of tea — that is to say, if the sum reaches 24 cents per day— -will be taken charge of by the 'Church Army,' and at the end of the year it is computed t-bat there will be SSdol. G0c, or rather more than £17, to. each customer's credit. The 'Church Army' will then make up the amount to lOOdol. (£20), and will hand to the purchaser a bank book -with ih&t; amount- to his credit to draw and use at pleasure. Thus thrift as well as temperance will be encour aged. . ? .; The collection on Hospital Sunday, February 5, . at the large church in Mengo, the capital of Uganda, amounted to 66.200 cowrie shells, or about £12 in. English money. The Primitive Methodist Jubilee Fund is being closed (says a London paper). The amount originally aimed at was £50,000, and at the recent conference it was found that £48,000 had been paid and promised^ During the past year the Primitive Methodists have, at a cost of £62,704, built 68 new chapels, on which there is a debt of £28,300. The total number of chapoU in the connexion is now 4,600, which have cost £3,966,325, the present debt upon them being £1,066, 219\. The chapels provide sitting ac commodation for 919,484 persons. * ' ' . The tendency of the ordination statis tics in the Church of England is still downward. There has been a steady, drop since 1896 until now. The. totals for 1899 are lower by 47 than they were three iyears ago. ' ' . ' At a council jneeting of the Royal Niger Company, : Sir George Taubman Goldie presiding, the remarkable cour age' displayed by Father Rousselet, of the French Roman Catholio Mission, the. Societie des Missions Africaines, in remaining at his post at Issele during the: native 'rising in the late autumn of 1898, was brought by the Governor be fore the attention of the council. The reports of Senior Executive Officer Craster and Major Burdon, commandant of the Royal Niger Constabulary, as to ! the highly. beneficial effect that resulted ; 'from Father Rousselet'a conduct, inpre^1 venting the spread of violence and re volt, were also put forward. The coun cil, feeling great : admiration for the heroism inspired by high motives in such a position of danger, unanimously re solved to nresent Father Rousselet with a souvenir in the form of a watch bear ing the following inscription : — 'To the Rev. Father Rousselet, from the Royal Niger Company, in recognition of his Christian heroism in remaining at his mission during the native rising at Issele in the autumn of 1898.' The Rev. Charles Graves, D.D., Bishop of Limerick, whose death took place not long ago, was the son of a Dublin barrister, and was born in 1812. He was a distinguished graduate of Trinity College, Dublin, where he was elected a Scholar in 1832, and Fellow in 1836. In 1843 he was appointed Erasmus Professor of Mathematics. In 1861 he was President of the Royal Irish Academy. The late Bishop was the brother-in-law of Von Ranke, and counted Wordsworth among his friends. One of his sons is Mr. Alfred P: Graves, author, of many well-known Irish songs. A Sydney clergyman was ' recently visiting a country . church where the parishioners were anxious to secure a new pulpit. They informed the visitor of their intention, and . plaintively con fided the information that the existing pulpit was full of white ants. 'White ants!' exclaimed the visitor, with a sly glance at the local parson, 'I thought it was filled with dry-rot.' An address and an antique snuff-box, containing a cheque for £2,000, were re cently presented by his parishioners, to Canon Fleming, for 25 years vicar of St. Michael's, Chester-square, London. A sermon on 'Dancers and Dancing' by the Rev. J. A. Soper, in the Alfred hall, Ballarat, is reported to have caused 'a considerable sensation' among his audience, and to have elicited 'frequent and loud applause.' Mr. Soper is thoroughly opposed to the 'Continental dance,' but does not condemn 'the old English and Scottish dances.' 'They danced tihem in the broad daylight, in the open air; no late hours, no hot, stifling rooms, wifch clouds of dust load ing the lungs, and no going home in the bleak hours of the morning.' The Rev. Minot J. Savage, an Ameri can divine, does not believe in ghosts as tipsters. 'The very silliest thing on the face of the earth, it seems to me,' he says, 'is to go to mediums for ad vice in regard to financial matters.' I am fairly up in arithmetic ; but I should hope nobody of sense would come to me, if they could,* after I was dead, about Stocks on Wall-street. I do not know why I should be supposed to know so much about a thousand things because I am dead. Fools die every moment; and I suppose they are as big fools five minutes afterwards as they were before. If I wanted advice in financial matters, I would rather have a word from Pier pont Morgan than from a congress of a thousand spirits, although I knew the message genuine.' ' - 