WHEN LIFE IS YOUNG. )>Y Sir, AS If. IIOCUIS'O. CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued.) Slio rcfiiBOil to push her own question to what In her conception of llfo and men would bo Its logical Issue, llo was so franlt, so handsome, so well-bred, so cultured, that It seemed treason almost to think evil of hint, but'— but She got up and rang the boll for tho girl to come and fetch the tea-things. Why should she trouble about the matter at all? This man was nothing to her and never could be. They had been thrown together by the merest accident.' llo had done them a service as anv other man would do in similar circumstances. They had shown their gratitude, and dis charged, as far as possible, any obligation that might rest upon them. There tho matter was hound to end. She had no right to feel any further interest In the man. Young ladles ought not to be interested in young men, particularly engaged young ladles. What would David sny It lie knew they wero having n long lete-n-teto in the drawing-room? David had very high no tions, and was very proud. Ho belonged to tho plutocracy of Deeping, and believed in peonle keeping their proper positions, and this man was only a clerk with, perhaps, a pound or thirty shillings a week to live on. She blushed a little as these thoughts passed through her mind, for even she could not but admit that the clerk was much more of a gentle man than the manufacturer's son. It seemed almost treason on her part to Institute a com parison, hut she could not help It. In some respects she had never met nnyono ' before that so completely realised her Idea of a gentleman. lie was not well dressed, certainly. Indeed, there was no denying it, he was rather shabby, lie was not particularly attentive or obliging either, and. in comparison with the young swells ot Deeping, he was not deferential. Then what was It? That was the question she could not answer. He seemed to create a cer tain atmosphere that could not ho put Into words. Perhaps It was the absence of effort, ot self-consciousness, that characterised all his movements. There was nothing obtrusive about him; ho was easy, and graceful, and natural. And all this while he was wondering what It was In Floss Oresham that had so captivated his Imagination and completely won his heart. In somo way alio wait different front all the oilier girls he bad known. In reality she was not no very different, lful lovo adds a new lens to the eye that enables tho lover to see quullllOH tluit are hidden from the gnv.o of tho crowd. Even- lover believes that ho has won the sweotest girl on earth Au<". dust bceatino Dnilglas loved Fiona fin-sham she stood out. from among tho women lie had known tho fairest and noblest of them all. The afternoon passed away like a dream. I ho girl rniuo hack and lighted the lamps and drew the blinds; then Douglas rose In go. . "I am sorry yen have nilrsed seeing uncle, Floss said, 'hut the housemaid tells 1110 he has been called out to a consultation, and he may not bo hack for some time." "Some oilier time I will call again if I ltiav." "Yes, do. \Yo shall he very pleased to sea 5'So ho wont out lulu the darkness with it slrango thrill In Ills heart, which quickly died down into a dull actio ef regret. Half an hour after ho had left tho doctor relumed. Floss met him at the door. . "Who do you think lias been hero? slio questioned. "Don't know," lie said gruffly. "Mr. Wyvurn. I met him In Thornwood- avenuo and brought hint home with me. Ho is coming agnln soon to see you." "Is ho. Not if 1 know if?" . "Why, tlncle. Wluit has ho done? "If report speaks truly tho man is a low, cunning scoundrel." "Uncle!" It was all she could say, but her eyes spoke volumes. . "I luivo had my suspicions from the first, as you know, but. the worst ot them have been eon- Armed to-day." "What have you beard?" Her voice was very low, for It Boomed as If all her faith in human kind hnd smldonly collapsed. "Come into tho drawing-room, be said harshly, "and I will lolKvou. ; CHAPTER IX. — I)lD ADDING THE LION. "I have no fortune but my name: 1 That will I defend uguinst all comer#, There was only one delivery of letters in Deep ing on Sundays, and that early In the morning. This was noL a matter that troubled Douglas Wvluirn, for Icttom very rarely oame his way. To find a loiter on his plato wlum ho came down to breakfast was as great u surpilso as to find that his weekly washing bill was less than ho I oxpootcd. _ , ' I Such a surprise wifs, however, in sloro for lilm I on tho morning following tho afternoon hu had I spont wi<Lh Floss Groslmm. Ha piokod up tho 'I letter hastily, and turned It round In his hands I several times before breaking tho (seal. Tho I writing was strange; tho envelope had only tlio ;| Doeping postmark on it. :l "it cannot ho anything of Importance," lie j| reflected, ns ho pulled open thu letter anil hogau I to road. With tho llrat sentence, however, his il fAco' Unshod to tho eyebrows; then ho grow sud- I denly pale. J The letter was from Dr. Uptou, and Was as J follows;— | "Nowlauds, Forest-road, Doeping, 1 "January 1st, 18 — . I "Sir,— My ward Informs mo that you linvo boon I to my houso tills afternoon, and spowt a consider- J nblo tlmo hero. May 1 roquosl that you will I not repeat tho offoneo? Slio. ot course, was ;| qulto Ignorant of your antecedents until I eh- I lightened lior this aftornoon. Also, Mr. David 1 Sutoltffo Wishes me to say 'that he hopes, lov I your own sake, you will not again attempt tu I Speak to Miss Gresham If you moot her in tho I stroct. I regrot having to appoar discourteous, I after an apparent sorvico you rendered us. But I what I hnvo hoard about you Is too woll authon- I Heated for mo to call It in question.— I am, yours I truly, ' I "DDWA1UD UPTON." I Douglas read this totter over two .or three times, I then quiotly replaced it in tlio onvclopo and put I It In his pocket, thou runs tho bell for his break- I fast to bo brought. in. ' , I His fellow-lodgers woro not yat downstairs. They generally spent most of tho forenoon In B bod. It was the only day In tho weolt when they woro able, to iudulgo In tlio luxury, and, gener- I ally spooking, they made tho. most of it, as most I Christians do. Douglas found no fault with his breakfast that I morning. Ho did not know what ho was eating, I Ho poured out his tea mechanically and munched I Ills dry toast, forgetting to put butter on It; and I when the plato was cleared lio rang tho boll again, 1 and if ho had boon asked ton minutes lator wluit 1 lie had had for breakfast ho would not havo been I able to assort that ho hud had breakfast ut all. R Novor bofoi'o had ho been so Insulted; never had I ho felt in ouch a blazo of passion. Y ot outwardly. ho appeared cooler than his wont. Tlio morning I was bright and frosty; tho atmosphere was all I a-spurklo .with tho sunshine. I "f must walk myself into a proper framo of I mind," ho said to himself, and ho put on his hat I and overcoat, and swung himself Into tho street. Tho "tops" looked templing In tho brilliant I sunshine, the ground was Arm under foot, the air I Stung like needle-points. 1 In a quartor of an hour ho was beyond tho town, at the foot of tlio slope. Ills ears were B tingling, his cheeks wero rod, with tho frosty B air. Half-way up the hill ho turned round and B looked 'hack. Novor had Doeping looked bouu- B llful before; and had ho been. In a different framo B of mind ho would haVo rovollod lu the picture. B Its hundred tall chimneys woro smokeless. Tho B long lines of Windows lu Its hugo mills sparkled R and shone, and now and then literally blazed In R tho light. The roofs of. its grey stouo houses B wero a-gllttor with tho rime, that had not yet I: molted. Its dingy streets wore transfigured and I winriomi. Tiniiimi lay a groat sweep ot aunwuahud I: hills, and above tho bluo domo of hoavon. I. But Douglas was in no mood to enjoy tho pros- poot, His heart was still torn by a storm of in- B dlgnant anger, his brain was In ft whirl. B Suddonly tho Sabbath stillness was broken by tho Ano peal of bells ot tho old parish church R breaking Into melodious music. Ho paused again B and listened. Rich lu touo, and softonod by tile B distance, tho music floajod up the hillside, and B touobod bis heart llko tv psalm. It was a call to B worship; sweet, melodious, and Inspiring, ns such B a call should ho. lie lind not boon Inside a B church for many a long day now; but as ho listen- B ed to tho tuneful rovolllngs of those sweot-toiu d B bells ho felt for a moment as though ho would B llko to turn asldo Into somo quiet sanctuary, and find rest and peace from tho turmoil and strifo of life. .- | Five minutes later tho sweet, Soothing music Was broken In upon by tho harsh and dissonant B elarglng of tvvonty Iron pots, suspended la as B many turrets and steeples 111 all parts of the town. B The offoet Upon him was as comploto as it was B sudden. Tho old cynical spirit. possessed him lu B a moment. "This Is tho real' thing." ha said, with a curl of tho lip; ''tlio other was only tho Ideal. Tho theory B Is musle, tho actuality discord. Strlto of words B and jarring sounds. IIow ono shrinks from It nil! Twenty opposition shows thrown open at the same B time; twenty showmen each clanging a station B bell. Walk up, gontiomoti!- Tho best ontertaln- B ment for tho money hero In tho town! No con- nootlon with tho show on tho other sldo ot tho B road! Walk up, walk up!" Ho turned on his hocl and strodo up tho hill; B "but tha dissonant clanging of thoso opposition hells followed lilra llko a tormontlug ghost, and Bj drovo al reverence out of his heart. Bj T ho discord ceased after a while, and tho sweet Bj Sabbath stillness brooded over tlio lillts onco inoro. Ho bad reached tho top by this tlmu, and B botoro him otretohed a wide, treeless plateau. Ho B made ua attempt to cross It. howovcr. lie had nnolhor end la view, Turning to tho left, ho skirted the hill for somo considerable distance, B and Ibou began to descend.- H He bad decided at length what to do. Ho would B go at onco to Dr. Upton, and heard tho old lion In B his den. Ho would demand an explanation of his B villainous conduct. Ho would And out how far B tills wretched lover of Floss Gresham was al tho fl bottom ot It, whoso nnmo ho now know. B lio descended rapidly, and as ho did so he in- B stlnetlvoly contrasted his previous excursion over B the "tops." Now ho was descending In tho clear, B silvery light of tho morning, with every object B distinct beforo him anil every footstep sure. Then I ho gioped hi darkness, and did not know whero B lio was golug; anil yet on each occasion lie was R a lining for tho sumo placo. Then unconsciously, I led by a blind chance or an Inscrutable I'rovi- I donee; now with a distinct and deliberate purpose. I How much had grown out of that night's ailvcn- I turo, and how much more would yet grow out of I It. it was Impossible to say. Hi any case, ho I , fancied that nolhing worse could come to hint I , than had already came. He had suffered in every I way — lit mind, and body, and estate — and thorn I had been no compensation In ;uiy direction. I By the time he reached tho aristocratic end ot I Deeping ho was In quite a roekloss mood, lie felt I like a man in tlio ruin who was wot to Ihe skill. Ho was qulto indifferent how It might pour now; indeed, the heavier 11 poured tho more he would enjoy it. "The old hear," ho muttered, "thinks lie may insult me— because 1 am a poor beggarly clerk— with impunity. Hut bo shall And out that two can piny at that game. I shall And him alone tills morning, for lie never goes to church, 1 know. She, bless her, gora regularly." At the thought of Floss Ills heart softened in a moment. Since yesterday afternoon ho vviih, if possible, more passionately In love with her than over. Never had she scorned so beautiful In his eyes; never hnd the irouy ot his own fate seemed so hitter. In response to Ills ring tho door was opened by the housemaid, who, of coin-'c, knew him well, , . but knew nothing of tlio doctor's tetter forbidding lilm the houso. "Is the doctor at homo?" ho asked, In a low tone of voice. "Yes. sir; he's Ml tho breakfast room." . "Will you tell lilm I wish to see him?" And ho stepped into Die hall. Tho girl closed tho outer door, and then went and knocked at the door ot tho hrenkfasl-iooiii. Douglas followed close upon her heels. "Dome In." he lie-aid the old doctor fay In his gruffest voice. The door was Instantly pushed open, and Iho girl disappeared. "Who did you say?" Tho words echoed through tho hall in the doctor's most strident tones. The girl repealed Ills name, and then there was silence for several seconds. "Show him In here." Tho doctor's voice was strangely subdued and tremulous. The girl came out Into the hall, looking fee f'fj niui nervous. "Will yon eomo tills way, sir?" slio said; and slio held the door for him to I,;l-ss through, then closed it behind him. Douglas fell very nervous himself. It was easy to talk about bearding tlio lion in his den. hut whon ho got to the door of tho (leu It required nil bis courage to enter. (To bo continued.) : \ Kv. 