DROWNING. 'Drowning ia a pleasant death1 U a remark constantly mada by thoa* who never, gulped down salt water into the delicate tisanas of their lunga. Twice I haye had the oppor tunity of judging of the alleged delights attendant on death by drowning ; and on each occasion my. sensations, ac long as aeusibllity remained, were the merse of pleasant : were, indeed, so Minni that I wonder if drowning, like the drugs of the pbarmacopmla, does not affect différent individnsla in a different manner. By some strange menbal.prooess, the ca nae of which I cannot explain, the earlier of the experi ences i am abont to relate remains by far the more vivid impression nf the two, although the second was fifteen years later than the first. Every incident, emotion, and sensation of the earner experience constantly returns to me at niaht. The second remains in oblivion unless I voluntarily and pur posely recall the oiroumstanoes to my mind, and then the picture called up is a conscious effort of the memory ; not the vivid and stirring panorama of an event whioh even now I am involuntarily compelled to witness ano», and from which I cannot escape by any effort'of the will. The earlier incident, in all its externals, Is commonplace enough. As a lad I waa bathing in rough weather on the beaoh of a watering puce in Northern France. Swept out to sea, I struggled, sank, became in sensible, and waa saved by the courage »nd skill of a gallant Frenchman-who wrote ] his name that day in my mother's New Testament as a memorial of the rescue. This waa all. The circumstances were ordinary. A thousand sueh may occur every year. Psychologically, however, thore are points of interest whioh arise principally from the faot that I remember all that happened.dur ing a period of time whioh may have been 1 fear or five minâtes, but which appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately I entered the water, the much-resounding roar of the waves struok me aa desolating and sorrowful-fall of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fanoy, I instinctively but foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth ; not because I intended to run any rick, for I - oould not swim, bnt because the strong current had soooped oat a hollow in the sandy bottom, which had six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the moment when the water olosed over my head for the first time cannot be described. It WSB the bitterest point of tba struggle. Gruel and omnipotent foi ce, without warn ing or reason, surrounded ms, and my frantio and determined efforts to escape only increased the pent-up passion to osase hold ing my breath and to inhale once more. I felt instinctively, as I writhed in the oold, black water, that if oeoe I suooumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, whioh almost burst the ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would come ; that I should be compelled to breathe inwards while covered with the pressing (saltwater. At this time I must have given way, and the dreaded stream of sir-bubbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before I had watched the drown ing of a oat in the clear water of a running stream. The anima) was tethered to a stone, and had fonght with upturned faoe for liberty. When the bubbles roBe in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle current, turned over, and after one final Btrnggle gave up the ghost. Thia scene came vividly before me. I thought of this wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case waa the oase ot the oat. There waa no fear ; the ootna! oiroumstanoes filled mr attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud denly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, cheat, limbs, were all one solid pain. Jost then 1 touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of tend and water to thrust in my month to end this struggle for air. All 1 wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, except ot an interesting and immaterial factor in the situation, came over me. It is true that 1 remembered that I should be missed when dinner-time came and I was found missing ; and thinking of the home people, I thought of a blas tie I had left on a chest of drawers in my bedroom, whioh £ had intended tc put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyei above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort ano sinking out of a conscious state to one ii which one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were- From this I awoke it great pain in the centre of a crowd on thi beach, whither my rescuer had borne me My first thought was one of infinite and unreasoning shame ; but the nausea causei by swallowing so much salt water quiokl] brought me back to earth again. On the second oooasion, many years later I was swimming at some distance from th shore in the tropics, and when I turned in i homeward direction 1 found that the our rent was too strong for me, and that, d what I could, I was being swept in a: easterly direction ; and as the coast lin trended northward, this was equivalent t being taken out to sea. The sense of bein onoe more in the clutch of an omnipoter and inexorable fores of the sea overwhelm* me with dismay. I remembered with horn all the sensations that had attended m ea'l&r; rxperienoa of drowning, and to thi apprehension was added the knowledge the there was some, though not a great, dang« from sharks. I looked shore wards and sei wsrds, and saw to my joy that à small con islet or rock, a few feet square, lay in « easterly direction, and that by hnabandii my strength it might bs practicable to reai it. Alternately swimming and floating, was overeóme by a terrible fatigue, and i ; my strength failed I became conscious the faot that a greet disaster was at han Almost abandoning hope, I was InvOlui tartly interested in contrasting the seas tiens experienced under the shadow ol t death that was impending with the f edin under similar oiroamstances fifteen yea before. It suddenly occurred to me tb if Fshouted with all my remaining streng the sound might reach the shore, and that canoe might be manned and pnt out for t rescue, and might reach me in time. 2 though I was not aware of the fact, my or had been heard. Half swimming, hi drifting with the tide, I had managed swallow sufficient salt water to prodt partial insensibility; Wt by some go fortune, and almost unconsciously, it «eel that I managed to reach the coral rock which ref érense has been made. Althen I felt no pain at the time, the sharp ed| of the coral growth severely out my hat and body, and I was bleeding freely wi overtaken by a boat which, without i knowledge, had put out to save me. I st denly became conscious of the presence my rescuers, and automatically grasped w a frantic dutch the knife-like edges of ' coral trends, which grievously lacerated fingers. Whether it waa the smell of bl or mere accident at the time when 1 ^ lifted from the water into the canoe, a shi was almost touohiog me ; but the noise i splashing made by the men in the boat s cessfuliy frightened him away. 1 have recollection of being lifted into the eau bnt was ina dead faint for some minn At no time during this latter experience ' I conscious of the slightest tendensy toe vey my past life, or to deplore the sins failings which 1 share in common With rest of humanity. It ie a remarkable instance of She speare's omniscience that he refers to pain of drowning in the celebrated solilo of Clarence in the play of Biohard III. 1sense totally opposed to the popular < ception of tana mode of death, and in e agreement with my own cotnerfanoe. ? Oh Lord methonght, what pain it waa to drown 1 What dreadful noise of water in mine ears ! What eights of ugly death within mine eyes! and often did I strive To field the ghost. : tnt still the envions flood >pp*din ny soul, and would not 1st it .forth To find the empty, vast, and wandering air : But nmother'd it within my panting bulk, Whioh almost burst to belch lt in these».' -AÄHOLD WHITE. 