ABOUT SOLDIERS' WIVES The -wife of an American s-.-jCitr — when he irsppess Vo be married — has a c-mpar2t5veJy haj-py tims of It. Bui it is- different else -wbsre and the eondraon is at its worst in England. 2To one need to be told that tie scarier laekex of tbe British soldier is the grsstest incentive to matrimony fcnown 10 lie civi lissa world of Tvemea. lodeea.^ibsre isecm sicjeraule grumbling, not to say indignation, oa this score Id som* auarttrE. Itisprsttr £ea»*raliy ttsown ihsatfae sol dier has a sussepUble heart besting behind Lis tunic, but -woo stops to inquire how tie admirable Atkins, with his ^WH'n; a day. is ecsbiel to i«ep a -wife and children ? Colonel Gildtai, the Chairman of the Eng lish Soldiers' zzsi Sailors' Families Assoeia lioii. in as interview said ; — ' You are quite ri-;iri is saying that EnE 3i*fth soldiers are a ojarrying community, bm ? ?don't ask me how they manage to keep their -wires. There are thousands of men and wumer. trying to live on the soldier's allow ance of a siiillinjr a dsy. and I -don't suppose 1 am fax wtoejt in saying thai at least a third ttf thena are half starred. The- women en dt»ronx tc augment the family income by -loinr b little washing, and that sort of thing ; but, st its best, it is only very casual employment. -' Not, the aim of our Society is to afford temporary relief to the families of soldiers and sailers, and I can assure you they stand in need of a great -deai of relief. Our chief considerations sre not t-:t p-iatierise and not i to eiieourajre mstriajt'iiy. It i? «nadne.cs for a private soiaier wiio hzx nothing but his pay coming in to marry. -' But first JtS me explain what xnarriage i^ the Euglirii snay means. Only six per cent, of the mta ia each regiment are per mitted to marrr. sad tlien only if they pos sess til*? requisite Qualifications- For ex ampie i-bey must hRre served for a period .of not less thaa seven years, and they mast hare at least £5 in the savings bank. 'They have, in f as. ty be trustworthy men The wives have their quarters in tne barracks j uands st the Gorermueiii's expense. | *' Contrary to ac impression that i-iists outside the Seniee. iittw-erer, if the rsnjaii! inj: &? 7-er csiit. marry, as many of them do. ?witho'-it the ?sonsfiii of the anthorine?- they ccinsnil do mihtary crime. j '? They cannot be jonished. Vut i.-o aecom modstk-ii i? provided in baj-J'acks for their | ?wires. wi)o einoy none of the privileges that j are allotted to the wives of tise others. To ? speak plainly, they have to struggle 02 tjpon | ?i\f soldier's pit-tancc BJid -whatever eise they j can tuaie. Yoa can imagine -''hat a sorry I plight th«* ?'?{iiae.Ti are in -n-btn I leil yoa j that it is cn:te commvn fr-: a soldier's j ?wife t-i have from Sve t-o eight children. j *' But tijis isn't by any means all with j ?which they h'a~i to ccott-:. .1. When a reri- 1 meat mures, say. from Portsmouth to Edin- j burrh. or to India. ?-r-ry Mt of these women ! i? left behind, winie their more f ortimate j sisters accompany th^-ir husbands. j '? They are Jeft vkh so provision what- J ever from the Go-remiEBnt. and I ne«d not remark thfet %ery few of tnenj hare the mc-ney t'j Z'AU.-vr t.ntir husbauOs. What ~wr? 00\. therefore, in -K!c:t;or! to assisting tnose ! in sic-kiiess and mskii.-: ten3poraj-y giants, is ! uo send them after tn-ir hosbands trhere 'we j can. _ i ?? Does the gaJIant xommy, then, desert ; ?* 1 aa afraid t hat some soldiers when go j ing on foreign service desert thsir -niveiuntxi , tht-y return. Thai 2= to say, they i«re them to take their chance. A soldier who is j Eame-dbst 2 it by regimeatai aJJowance can, ; by t.he Array reruiation. be stibjtcted to a stoppage of th-reepeuce a car — a nice laree r-uin isn't it — for the scppoit of his wife and family whiie he is 2 war. but he can only be pnt under ibis stoppage on the application of the --vjfe herself or by rolnntariiy snb mittiDs: Vj it.' '? It seeins as if Mr. Atkins ought to be better j»aid-How do you fare in iryitig to dis stia4e a soidier whose rnanir heart is barri- I in«: w-jth ior^ from --iniiarking on the treach- j erous sea of matrimony 'r'' j ?? We try t-o cissuade the girl — not the j man,' Colonel Giicea replied, soiiiisg. *' The majority of ^ir!i harent the ghost -jf an idea what a soldier's lift is like. They are fascinated W;tb the red coat and don't give a thought t'-» the future- ! '? Affsirs sre xtry diiierent ia the Eag- j lish Xarv,*' the colonel added. ** So man i«. i supposed to marry in the Uoyal 2\ary. j Strangely enough, tiie authorities 'Jon 't recog- 1 nise the wife -of a sailor when the sailor is j lirins. bat if he dies on gbiv or is killed she i is awarded a pension. -*ow with respect to j a soldier the -wife only gets a pension if he I succumbs in wax- Should he die in barracks j throagh sickness or or accident she is left to j shift for heneif- j ' Sailors' wires are in a much better J position when they are separated from their ; husbands thai! the wire; of soldiers, inassruch ' as on a ship being commissioned for foreign i service there is an unwritten law among ! sailors that &ysi;~y mzn shall make an allot- i ment of something lice half hi: pay in favour : of his wife or any relatives dependent upon , him: and although the Admiralty don't , recognise these people, they undertake to ' make the stoppage and to hand over the '. sums to the payees as soon a? ther become j due. A sailor who neg3«.-t.ed to conform ! ??o this prai-ewcrtby urinsiple would hare a ? bad lime of it with his mates.' j 