THE LATE JOHN M'EVOY, Mona Caird, in her latest effort of literary dyspepsia, speaks of life as 'a progress in disillusion— paltry, sordid, ignoble, hideous — full of distorted powers, troublesome egotism, and ravenons ambitions.' The good man whose name heads this column found the world a very fair one to live in. The music of life was not frozen within him by vain at tempts to fathom the mysteries of the Most High, nor by fretful strivings after the unattain able. His philosophy, inspired by his Catholic faith, was of a cheerful order, and in a spirit of joy and thankfulness he regarded the world as a place of beauty and of sunshine— God ordering all and ruling all — and not as an old mouldering hosae full of gloom and haunted by ghosts. He had his trials and he bore them manfully, and when success came the serenity of a simple, kindly nature disciplined by patience and humility was in no way disturbed. Looking to God for guidance and strength in everything to which he put his hand, he was content to leave it to men unblessed by faith and grace to work out theories about Fate and Destiny. In his case, industry, energy, and clear-headed per severance were well rewarded by success in busi ness, and he had this great consolation, that the wealth which enabled him to end his days in 'plea- sant ease and comfort' was put together with honest hands and without peril to his soul. There is a phrase, ' If you wish to rise, you must mount the ladder.' John M'Evoy started with steady feet on the bottom rung, and he was care ful never to venture to a dizzy height. In other words, he did not lose his head by putting on airs, or by apeing the manners of those who sacrifice everything to outward show, and to the despicable vanities of Fashion. From first to last he was a simple- mannered man, robust in body, in mind, and in heart; forceful without being assertive, and always able to comport himself with true manly dignity into whatever company he was thrown. His perfect naturalness, his sound common sense, his candour, and his genial temperament sustained him on every occasion on which he had to play a part. He was active as a citizen in public move ments, and there were few calls on behalf of Reli gion and Charity to which he did not promptly and generously respond. Catholic and Irish meetings he attended with unfailing regularity for well-nigh forty years. At these gatherings his presence aud his subscription could always be depended upon Yet who ever heard John M'Evoy make a speech? Who has seen him or knows of him pushing him self or allowing others to push him into positions of prominence ? In this he set younger and less able men an example in modesty. A man of good address, he was well able to hold his own, as the saying goes, at meetings, but he was satisfied to drop a word of advice when his opinion was invited, and to hand in his cheque, with which he always came provided, as a guarantee of good faith. In connection with St. Mary's Cathedtal, he was to the last a member of the building committee — -St. Vincent's Hospital, and almost all the Catholic institutions of the city and, suburbs, he added sub stantial financial help to warm sympathy. As an Irishman he was thoroughbred, and his motto in regard to patriotic objects was, "Give as much as you can, and talk little." As a Catholic, Mr. M'Evoy was shaped in the right mould. He shrunk from any parade of piety, yet bore the name of Catholic worthily in his life as a citizen and in his business, and, best of all, in his home. He attended Holy Mass, not only on Sun days, but very often on week days, and he suffered nothing to stand betwoen him and the performance of his religious duties. He loved his Church, and manifested that love in a way that was most devout and edifying. In the matter of charity, apart from his public donations, he did a great deal in the silent way that is most pleas ing to Almighty God. His friendships were true as steel. But it was upon his family that he lavished all the wealth of his disposition— affection without stint, gentleness never once at fault, con siderateness reaching to self-sacrifice. He was full of kindness to his dependents, and in all his busi ness transactions most fair and honourable. From very small beginnings, his boot and shoe establish ment in George-street grew to one of the largest in the city. Dying, he handed the wholesale and re- tail business over to his four sons, who had assisted him in the management, making handsome provi sion also for his widow and four young daughters, Shortly before his death, Mr. M'Evoy had the hap piness of seeing one of his daughters united in mar riage with Mr. J. J. Anderson. '' : Jsjr. M'Evoy had reached his 64th year. He was born at Athy, Ireland. Coming to Australia as a boy, he was educated in Victoria, and spent 20 years there. He settled in Sydaey in 1864, married, and started business in George-street. The firm of 'John M'Evoy and Sons ' is well known through out Australasia. The business is now in the capable hands of his sons. Mr. M'Evoy lived on or near his business premises till he built his late residence, 'Moira,' Moore Park. Twelve months ago his health commenced to fail, and the end came on Tuesday evening, 22nd August. The Rev. J. R. Kenny, of the Sacred Heart, Darlinghurst, attended the dying man, and administered the last rites. "He died as he lived." Could anything better be said ? On Wednesday evening the remains were taken to St. Mary's, and at 10 o'clock on Thursday a Requiem Mass was said for the soul departed by the Rev. J. R. Kenny. The members of the family, the relatives, and a large number of friends were present. It was the last wish of the deceased that everything connected with his burial should be quiet and simple, and this wish was regarded. There was no call on the city and suburban clergy to be present, yet without Solicitation several at tended. The Cardinal- Archbishop, however, did not allow the remains to be carried to the grave without 'Cathedral honours.' At 3 o'clock his Eminence personally gave the Absolutions, and with the attendant clergy accompanied the coffin bearers from the Lady Altar to the main western entrance of the Cathedral. The priests in attend ance were the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, Rev. J, R. Kenny, Rev. Fathers Fitzgerald and Gaynor, O.F.M. (St. Joseph's, Woollahra}, Rev. J. M. Malone (Sacred Heart, Darlinghurst), and the Rev. Fathers Cregan, 0' Gorman, Barry, Kelly, and O'Brien, of the Cathedral. The four sons of the deceased, Messrs. John Henry M'Evoy, Eugene M'Evoy, Richard M'Evoy, and James M'Evoy, were the chief mourners. With them were Mr. W. J. Hickey, senior (brother-in- law), Messrs. A. E. Hickey, A, J. Hickey, P. P. Hickey, W. J. Hickey (junior), John Mannix, A. Liddy, W. Liddy, and F. Liddy (nephews), Miss O'Neill, of Melbourne (cousin of the deceased), Mr. Charles Anderson, and Mr. J. J. Anderson (son-in- law). The establishments of John M'Evoy and Sons were represented by Mr. R. F. Qunin (manager, George-street), Mr. 'W. Sly (accountant, wholesale department), and Mr. D. Barry, manager North Sydney branch. The great number of friends included Alderman F. Pennv, L.M., Mr. John Hunter, Colonel Farrell, Mr. R. N. Sheridan (manager Bank of New South Wales), Inspector Bremner, Mr. E. O'Farrell, Mr. P. MacMabon, Mr. John Donelan, Mr. M. Foley. Mr. A. Cummins, Mr. J. Cunninghame, Mr. W. Pritchard, Mr. M. Cahill, Mr. Z. Comino, Mr. J. H. De Courcy, Mr. J. L. Mullins, Mr, J. Blakeney, Mr. J. Malumby, Mr. P. Hogan, Mr. J. F. Hennessy, Mr. J. I. Sheerin, Mr. M. Maloney, Mr. J. Maloney, Mr. M. Deery, Mr. A. Deery, Mr. R. Cannon, Mr. P. J. Hourigan, Mr. T. Hughes (William-street) Mr. T. Devitt, Mr. J. M'Sharry, Mr. T. J. Purcell. Senior- Sergeant M'Donogh, Mr. W. Dimond, Mr. Collins, Mr. D. Barry, Mr. Ironsides, Mr. J. F. Clayton, Mr. J. Hallam, Mr. Flaxman, Mr. A. Wells, Mr. J. Hutchinson, Mr. J. Sheridan, Mr. J. Seage, Mr. J. Sinnott, Mr. A. Alderson, Mr. J. Stewart, Mr. D. Stewart, Mr. J. P. Wright (Messrs. J. P. Wright and Sons), Mr. A. J. Riley, Mr. T. Mitchell, Mr. J. P. Wright, jun., Mr. D. Cunningham (Messrs. M'Murtrie and Co., Limited), Mr. Sinclair (Messrs, Warren and Strang), Mr. T. Day, Mr. J. Cleary, Mr. Carroll, Mr. J. O'Connell, Mr. W. Cordingly. Mr. P. E. Malumby, Mr. P. Green, Mr. W. Kerr, Mr. H. Way, Mr. J. Daly, Mr. M. M'Cabe, Mr. D. O'Brien, Mr. W. Faire, Mr, M. Howard, Mr. Philip Sheridan, Dr. Watson Munro, Mr. E. J. Shapter, Mr. W.' Murphy, Mr. W. Porter, Mr. T. CaRill, Mr- M. Connery, Mr. W. Shapter, Mr. D. Leonard, Mr. P. Shapter, Mr. D. O'Connor, Dr. G. L. Mullins. and Mr. J. Dunning. At the Waverley cemetery the last prayers were read by Father Kenny, the other clergy who took part in the solemnities in the Cathedral assisting. There were not any flowers at the Cathedral or at the cemetery. This was as the deceased had wished, the Bishops of the colony having discoun tenanced the use of flowers at funerals on account of the empty show and extravagance which had corrupted a once simple custom. The tribute paid by the great number of citizens who braved the heavy rain to show their respect and sorrow was sufficient in itself — something better than wreaths and other' floral offerings.' The good deeds sown along the pathway of an honest, robust, Christian life — a life of simplicity, sympathy, and straightforwardness, a life with little of noise in it, yet full of solid virtues — will, we may be sure, flower up into many sweet and fragrant remem brances, and the memory of the man who was alike just and charitable will be kept warm in many hearts with — ' a reverence not to be bought, And a tenderness deeper than to us.' 