A '-Ghost in Greenwich ' College. BSANTOM NUR-E WAliSS THE VVaRD. -Grreat difficulty has recently been ex perienced in gettiug nurses to take night \- -4&afcv;? dn the hospital attached to Green . ?wich 'College, owing to the nocturnal visitations of a phantom nurse in the ?syards and corridors (says a London \- icontemporary of March 19). About a -dozon nurses in succession have ' =£aadered their resignations, after \- -staying from two to sis: weeks, ?~*satil the sense of the place being daunted completely unstrung their nerve's, read ei1 ing them untie for the duty of deriding the sicli. Orie: of these nurses, ^tho is now living at home, gave the fol lowing account of her experience : — ?'It was about midnight, and I was sitting in the centre of the room, ex pecting every moment to have a cup of tea brought up to me. A nurse, as it ?^seeiaed to me, entered tbe room a few 'Steps, and then went back again without .-speaking. I could not understand what ?it meant, and ran along the passage ? after her. There was nobody to be seen, and I was so puzzled that. I could hardly eaaimou courage enough to return to my .post. Notea was brought to me that night, . sod in the morning every one denied baving come iutj the ward during the night. Then I learnt that several nurses had. left the institution scared by the same apparition that I had seen. It was impossible for me to. tike duty an ? anther 'nior lit. The report spee iily get abroad that the college was haunt-ed, and local spiritualists, ot whom there are many io Ike Royal suburb, turned their attention to the solution of the mystery. It was then found that an old dwelling imme diately behind the college was quite a rendezvous of ghosts — unaccountable ajoises terrified the occupants nightly, vtith sundry violent accompaniments, such as ornaments falling lrom the t- y- shelves, and a bookcase being dislodged ~~~~ from the wall. The spiritualists arranged to hold a seance, and hired a medium From Kensi gfcon. An acties?, who was playing Trilby -in a touring ?company, also came for an object lesson In hypnotism. There were, live ladies and four gentlemen, including a clergyman, f?ho solemnised the proceedings with prayer. Presently the medium became ?entranced, and the spirit which pos sessed him directed that alLthe company .should descend to the basement. The ?sequel was very extraordinary. Every - fhodj promptly fell into a trance, and en ? involuntary free ficjht ensued, the ladies .-scratching each other's £aees..aad teari- g ? oat each other's hair. For- several of tbe \- - . company that was their last spiritualistic entertainment, and the clergyman de clines to speak of the affair. What relation exi-t.s between these obstre perous spirits and the phantom nurse is, of-iiourse. nor, kuown, though very lately other mediums have been requisitioned ?from Brighton and ether places by the /more persistent and courageous of the -\\- -spiritualists. The press representative V ^as informed by one of them— not the \ spirits, but the spiritualists— that the ^' ''^mediums all coucurred that there was ?money under the floor of the house, bo ? far, however, the boards have not .been &3ken,up to put that statement to the r&est.; 