[?] The Letter of Life.; b6ok ii: THE BURNING PLANTATION; CHAPTER V. V -? 8TBAH6E, HE ESCAPED BO LONG.' ... Not till yon bave heard I' ^ ?? Yon will stand aside, Senor.' -« Ob, ba not bo cold to me.' The . satan's bends would clasp the being that bo longs for. lasts for. Bot 0hd- gcfeotaB, ' Jfadre mia I, JJo sol daro'fo' toach nie.'' - 1 ?' Afl ^hi3'ap''eQlsa'MendozB thinks q tro pical bnrrioane has strnok him ; but it Is onl^'th'6 Krlaap bfan'fex-collegia athlete. Mo is shaken until there is little* breath' ia his body, ond thrown crashing down, into a thicket of briatBV Bttt their smart is 09 naught to the agony of his daBpniringj) jealdus, .heart i'iO ' tbiB' gidj places her hand in Temple's and says : ' Thank yoo, Senor— for your protection \- and ydni* ?altfi,,''.['and her' eyes, odd ?' I adore yoo.' ' Shall I thump this scoundrel, Senorita Vidal 7' says Howard, who has heard her voice and returned to her. ^ Bnt. JSario shudders : ' Sontissima,. let bimWi' for'sh'e has rioted ii gleam of Dteel in the 8panish adventiirer's band, arid knows heVwill spying upon her cavalier jibe on'adder, as * in * truth Men doza wo'Bild, did1 be not 6hance ttt see a email Bye- shooting Colt's revolver, that, with American common-sense, Howard has always carried with him bti'fbe is land. Then the girl turns and runs from them towards the house' knowing this ;iS the quickest' way W'tike' Tetnple from this man she fears. And he .with; a' few; light. gpick stepB,^ OTertabiftg'her* whispers in! astonished; yet sympathetic voice : Mario, yon ore peeping;' ' ' '' '''' mt ' My brother 1' she falters. ' The Spaniards 'iaid something tbat frightened me for bin.® ! 1 J ; ''?'-??? ' ' If .there is any: danger, Lois must be warned at' once,'' whiipers Temple with Yanbde'decision.- ! «' Yes' | Find Jado. Quick, find Tado !' whispers ttie girl. And he would: spring from her to do ^ier errand bjat be discovers he is too late ; for dowu the broad steps leading from the verandah comes Mr. Pompey Smith and whispers, bia eye gleamibg with ex citement ' Great , news, Mr.' Howard ! Miss Maria, Captain Lais is jn de house, an' bis friend, Senor Ortiz ' ''My brother, here ! Luis!. Luis!' and calling hiB namerSenorita yidal runs hurriedly into the open doorway to seek &er; brothers kiss. ' Stepping.on to the verandah, Temple sees his, o|4 New York friend; Don Ignaois! Ortiz, in dusty travel-Stained siding gear, and springs forward with out Btretsned halnd to greet him. But the other,' at the American's wel come, Budderily starts ahd'-MoggSrs:.from him, seems overcome— and mutters con fusedly : 'Senor Temple 1' as if he saw a ghost, for his . face is very white and his hands tremble slightly,' 'Ye# Hbward1 Temple, and mighty glad to pnt eyes on you, or 'anyone ehe from New' York;''1 «? Aba ! l'emple, my friend,' cries ' Ortis effusively, bndrings the American's band, though thi* Spanish gentleijfian^ fingers are clammy frith perspiration, aadall the.timp be is sayibg'in his* con fneed mind : 'Diablo !, Strange that he escaped so long.'- ! CHAPTER VI. '? This Will bk a Gijoijous l^IGHT.'* ' ' Gazing, ajb Temple, Ignacio passes his; hand over hi^ forehead in^dnzed.wayji and stammers : 'I— I snpposed; you in . Havana.' 'No. I haye been in the iuterior for eeveral w&fesi;'' r'eturhs HoWaifd'.' 'Arid yon?' 'Ab, you Web to know of my adyen. tures? Well, Lqis and I landed near Neuvitas, on the-coant, something over a Wfpk ago, in Rafael Qiieseda's last expe dition. With our . party we made our way through the mountains and joined the forces of Vincente Garcia, operating in the Eastern Department. Of ' course Xiuis was on fire to see his father and eister, bo taking our first opportunity, we left our band of armed Cubans' a few miles from here, and'came secretly by a mountain path to the Las Palmas.' ; Don't you think it would have been eaore prudent to have brought your es cort with yon T' suggests the New Yor ker, a shade, of cbttceth ruiining over hie lacs. -?? ?? ; ? ? * ' ? ? ' No 1' answers Ortia deoidedly. ' The fewer: the men with ns the lees chance of tbe Spanish tlroops learning of this visit and horning the, plantation. See, even the negroes ore entirely un suspicious. I understand they have a little f5te to-night/' ? : For tp them now come the sounds of darky' merriment from ' the thatched slaves' quarters, and torches are com mencing'to' flicker and burn among the pulm trees of the garden, rivaling the light of the fireflies and coonyos. Above this, floats from the distance the eoft sound of violin, guitar 1 ond banjo, the sansio of the Creole.' 'Yes, in 'honor of Senorita Yidal's birthday.' mutters Temple, contem platively : both gentleman are smokinpr, ' Caspita ! Yon do not look en fite any more than I, '.'laughs Ortiz, gazing from his travel-stained garments at Howard's costume, whioh haa been some what rnffied in his recent tussle, 41 Oh ®'*remarks tbe young man, 'T. (spoiled the whiteness of, my linen by tbrowing,afroffian into u canebrpke.' ' Indeed !' 11 Yes, b brate colled Mondozo, who baa bppn loafing abont here annoying Senor ta Mari i.'' ' Mendozi!' ejiculates 'hi* SpiniafS arid his tone suggests interest ; -heu he J says lightly : ' Plajiijg cuballero lo an other young lady, eh Senor,' ' No, only giving to my friend's sister the protection it is, usual to accord ladies ib tbe United 8tates ' returns the Nr.w Yorker. To this be adds : 'From their fandango you can see Senor Vidal and his daughter Ho not know of the assas sination of young Pedro. I must see the brother does not tell them. To-night the blow wonld be too cruel.' i | . With this Temple tnrna to go into the house, but ' suddenly panses and re mdrks, ' By-the-by, Ortiz, I must re turn you that letter yon gave me to de liver in Havana.' I iricd the ; address,' but the, pjeople, looked frighteried^and re fused tb Wceive it, saying ' you were un known to' them.' ' Ab, yon couldn't .find X Zenon Mortinez,'.Bays Ortiz coritemplatively. ' ' I could not. Besides, Calle La Bouba was about the most disreputable street l ever entered . W omen hanging out of every , .window .and ? Spaniah: soldiers making love to them in every doorway,' laugh's tho American. ' Bnt the letter. You have it with you.' There is' a .strangerintertBt iuv the; Spaniard's voice. ! ' Yes, with my papers and passport in I my travelling bag.' ' » That is good.' ?* I'll get it for you J' ' At your leisure.' But Temple hardly catches tbe last sentence Luis Vidal has come bnrriedly ont of the house aDd is' graspng .bis band; The yonris: man is arrayed in the usnal icostume ' of the7 Cuban insurgent .officer — h-gb riding boots, broad-brimmed straw soriabrero, light cotton shirt, and ' carries machete, and revolver in the belt that' girds his waist. 'My dear Howard,' be says, 'to meet you here in my father's house is a joy. It reminds me of our happy days in New York.' , And he. would go on in his effusive Cuban manner, did not Temple, drawing bim aside and speaking nnder his bfeath, ?sic : i;'Hav6 yon spoken to yonr father of tbe death of yonr brother ?' \- - liTo! Tbe poor old gentleman was so overcome at meeting me. that l conld not bare to mention the assassination of our loved one,' whispers the 'young man. '? ? ' ' ? 'Then keep watch of your tongue,' says the American, shortly. ''' He does riot know ;of your brother's murder.' ' Madre de . Dios !' cries tbe yoanp officer striking - bis forehead Must I be first to tell bim.' ' Not this evening — now that he is happy in seeing you, again,' wbigpeis Temple; then suggests warningly. ' R» member, your father is an old man !' As tbe two men have held consulta: tion on the 'balcony, Ortiz hits' mur mured : ' I will smoke a cigar in the garden,' and Btrolled into the grounds. ' Strange, be has iesbaped so long,' he communes with himself, and goes abont the shrubbery, which is ; now glowing with fire- beetles, as if peeking for some one whom he expected. ' Suddenly a voice whispers at his elbow' in the dusk : Meridozais here, Senor Ortiz.' .'.' Ah whispers the other, ' I expected you. 1 You are preiared, 'I am. A company o! infantry is in ambrish in the grove of palms by the river bank, one mile Tfrom here.,, Two squadrons of guerillas are picketed in the, deep Jungle towards Yariqaa, scarce half a mile away.' ' I '* ' Then,' remarks Ortiz complacently between whiffs of his cigar, 'we may gain the five tbonsaod dollars for Vidal's ar rest to-night. I have done iuy' work. Now do yours. Bring up tbe troops.' ' There is an Ame ican here,' sajs Domingo suggestively. ' Yes, Senor Temple,' ' I 1 was talking to ' him on tbe verandah,'' answered Ignacio, comtemptativelv : V He was ' hoist ing of having, iuful.tfd y U iu tb^ pr-* Sence '- f Senorita' V da I.' ' Carambal Was he dn'ng that?' 'mnttelrs Mendcza savage'y ; then wbiB pers between vthite tpeth : ' Muerte de Dios. j How I hate bim.' ' Aih ! Enbbjjb to wish his death ?' says Ortiz, slowly, as if rolling a sweet morsel under bis torigne,: and his eyes flash as bright'y as tbe fire-flies in the plantation1 leavfee. ! ' ' r 'Yi-8X!' 'For Dios ! At last!' sighs the Spaniard to himself. Then he remarks quietly : 'I can do you' a favor.'' ?' ' ' 'I thought I heard a noise,' muttprs Mendoaa, starting. '? 'Twas but a cocuyo,' returns tlje other.' 'But 'still, to' be safe, let trie whipper something in your ear. 'Twill make yon happy, Senor Duiningo.Men doza,' arid he places' bis delicate clear-cut cameo lips near the thick ear' of. the Spanish adventurer, who calls himself a Castilian, but who has some negro blood in 'hiB veins, and whispers Eagerly to him, giving bim a few delicate details, suggested with rare skill' by bis conl mander-in-Cbief, Satan. Listening to this, Mendoza bursts out in horrible triumph : Carajo\ I shall go mad with joy 1' '?You understand me?' mutters Ignacio. ? ' I do, ond I thank yon, noble Ottiz.' ' Quick, then ! The troops !' ''0 Madre de Dios ! This will be a glorious night,' laughs Mendoza, and takes his way hurriedly through the gar den and into the tropical jungle, chuck ing to himBelf in bloodthirsty glee. For ho has been Baying to himself half tbe day : j'Maria love tbe Americano,' and has worked bimself np into a vicious, un reasoning, crazy, jealous Spanish bate. And rio^ 'ds Ortiz would havo done to Howard' Temple in New' York for the cake of' Miss Blanche Grayson, so will Meadofca do to bim in Cuba for the bright eyes of Senorita Maria Vidal.'' Uver this all, comes the sweet melody of violins .guitars and banjos, mingled with the barbaric thumping of tom-toms and the wild chatter of negroes who bave had % day's rest and are going to make a night of it, ? ? (To be Coqtinaed.) \ 