A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOUR HOOD. Tho' some sceptics may defy belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard Miss Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria road, Auburn, Victoria, has morethan once seen something resembling a ghost- when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months illness. She says: "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, butexperienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I com menced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner. " but without. effect; then I consulted a well-known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and auvised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she re turned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st. 31bs., now I anm 9st. 7lbs. "A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial ?" "No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserves that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink lls at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel Street, Prahrn ; they did me so much good that 1 contin ed with them. It is a long time since I dis continued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them ?" " Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mlr. Marner, "had I known of Dr. Williiams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure anaemia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, -indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and cheat and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous dis orders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the I)r. Williams' Medicine Company, care of Rocks, Tompsitt and Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and three. pence but are genuine only with thecfull name (seven words), Dr; Williams' - Pink Pills for Pale Ppple, smach box. Thousands have tut 0to their curative powers. 