A TRANSVAAL TRADING STORE In a small curve off the main road (writes Ormond Lodge in a London con temporary), stands a long, low, gal vanised iron buildin?. with a broad steep and an overhanging verandah. Behind it is a narrow stretch of cultiva ted land, hemmed in by a sod wall, and back of all a small cluster of young eu calyptus trees. The blazing sun beats down on the iron roof with a fierceness to which the galvanised sheets lend still greater intensity, and1 the blankets, clothing, and other goods in the store still further aid ; and the atmosphere in the shop can best be described by the remark made in the writer's hearing by an intelligent but irreligious traveller, that 'a man who could live in a Trans vaal store would freeze to death in helL' But the trader does not mind this ; or if he does he doesn't say so. Dressed in a pair of trovrsers, a light pair of shoes* and & flannel shirt he reclines on a convenient part of the counter, and with the aid of his pipe passes the time until a customer arrives. Should the customer be a white man, the store keeper and he will as a rule retire into the little side room for a few minutes, and a bottle and a couple of glasses will be produced. Should he, on the other hand, be a nigger, the trader will glance at him casually, and, without moving, will ask him what he wants. He does this because Kaffirs often want some thing which they know the store keeper has not got. The Kaf fir is gregarious, and likes to to have a chat, especially with a white man. When such is the case the trader can tell the nigger to be off, without disturbing himself in any way. This, of course, saves trouble. The shelves in the back of the shop are piled up with gaudy blankets, clothing of all descrip tions, tinned goods, clocks and vases, cheap jewellery,' and various other commodities. Below these shelves are the bins where the sugar, flour, meal, coffee, etc., are kept. On one side are the smalT shelves ?where the patent medicines stand. ThiB is the most important branch in the Transvaal up-country trade, and the trader as a rule acts as medical adviser to the whole neighborhood. The aver age Boer takes more medicine than the worst hypochondriac in any other part of the world. This is owing to indiges tion. The Boer is patient and long suffering in some respects, but when it comes to a case of eicknesB he is in a hurry. He wants to get right at once, and so he will go to the store, and, act ing on the advice of the trader, will pur chase a remedy. When he finds in a couple of days that the medicine, has not cured him he immediately jumps to the conclusion that it is no good. He will then go, and relying on his own judg ment, will purchase some other medi cine and start in on that. At the same time, if he gets the chance, he will jump a sample of something else to have a go at when he has got tired of the other. How on earth he keeps alive is «u my stery. It must be that the climate saves him. I can't account for it in any other way. Outside the store, on the stoep, are the agricultural implements, ploughs, harrows, new American inventions of all sizes and descriptions that are too big or too heavy to be easily carried away, and at all hours of 'the day, from early morn until sunset, you will find a nig ger attired in a soldier's old red coat seated on one of these articles. Where tins flartey comes from is a puzzle. During a long acquaintance with the Transvaal I have never arrived at a store without encountering one of these objects on the stoep. In fact, I used to look for him, and on one occasion won a substantial state by betting with a companion that we would find a kaffir in a soldier's cost at the three first stores we arrived at. He, of course, lost the bet, and being a new comer seemed at first to think that I had some hand in having these pWple there, but he has long since grown wiser, and knows by this that the 'Soldier Kaffir' is as much an adjunct of the Transvaal trading store as a ghost 19 of a respec table English castle, the only difference being that the former is much more in evidence. As the sun goes down and the evening closes in, the storekeeper wiJ. come outside and will watch the change ; after which he will retire into his small bedroom, and his 'boy' will onng mm in nis supper. He will eat this, and then light his pipe, and turn into bed ; another half-hour will see the light die out in his window, and the house given over to sleep. At the first break of dawn he will be awakened by the boy bringing him his coffee, and he will then get up, unlock the doors, and prepare for another day. It is not a cheerful life, but to the men who lead it it has a strange fascination, and 'once a Boer trader always a Boer trader' is a stock saying in the Trane yaaL 