gff 'Hie Origin of €iiristinas An«ual«# aMlKtfities-no^ argue that the " Christmas Carol" was the real foundation of tiie- Anhual. If so, it is curious to note that the editio princeps appeared, in a little volume very much in the small keepsake form. Slater thus describes it:—" Published not in red but in brown doth with gilt edges, gilt design, and green endj»pet».^ " Oif page 1 the head words read, "Stav^ words " Stavfe (1" t indicate M. liter is&ue;, no matter how the book maw be boiiiid. - It is also, perhaps, amusing to notJT that tlie market price of the first edit of the i" Christmafi Carol " runs from 10s. upwards. , Let .it „be known, however, .that,, despite itk • world-wide popularity, the aur thor regarded the Carol as more or less » commercial .failure (sic). He writes :— "I found- the Carol accounts waiting for me, and "they were the "cause of it (illness).- The first 6000 copies show a profit of £230, and the last four will yield as z$uch tnOre. I had Set my heart and soul on a thousand clear." It is evident from the character ot the preface that Dickens counted on what might be called a general circulation, for he says :—" I have endeavoured in fchfis ghostly little book to raise the ghost of an idea which'fhall not put my readers out of' humour with themselves, with each other, with the season, or with me. May it haunt- their houses pleasantly, and no one~wIsh to lay if Neither " The Carol," " The CJhimes," The Cricket on the Hearth," " $he Battle of Life," nor "The Haunted Man*' fulfilled in any way the expectations of the writer. " The truth was," writes tl biographer of Dickens, "as to all Christmas stories issued in this form, that the price charged was too large, the public addressed by them Was little to remunerate their outlay; and when in later years he put forth similar fancies for Christmas, charging for them (ewer pence than the ahUiings charged for these, he. counted h^s purchasers— with fairly corresponding ^ains to himself—not by tens but by hundreds of thousands." —" Windsor ft£a£&3sfft&** 