the heiress OP FAMELEIGH. ? o ? ? CHAPTER XX,. A .MEETING IN THE WOOD, The lodge keeper had not yet closed the gates and would not until ten. Ha was 110 where in sight, and she reached the broad high road almost aa smooth as a ball-room floor, without meeting anyone. Iti a little time she had arrived at the appointed place, aud was looking into her face. « I'm so glad to see you, dear,' he said, iov father's fully. .. She kissed him and let him lead her to a seat o» a fallen tree. ' You wondered why I wanted to -see you to night ? Don't look so eagar, poor father,' she said, with endearing pity ; ' for I have no news ' ?' You haven't seen Lancoe since your ride with him ?' 'Oh, ves ; he called yesterday. I took him through the picture gallery, showed your portrait and -the frame with tho tattered canvas' ? ' Yes— yes— how did he look? What did he ?ay ?' ' I asked him if ho knew the story of the ruined picture, as Aunt Abby had never told me. He was ill at ease, but wwved the question. Oh, hjs face is a good mask which betrays little ! The time has apt come yet for his deliveranc. into our hands, but it will — I feel it will,' she said, in ?tones of concentrated purpose. ' And you have no other news— no better planB than those we have discussed P', a tinge of dis appointment in his voice. ' No ; there is nothing I can do until I go to the Crest on Thursday. Depend upon it, father, I will usa my eyes and ears well. I will have my woman's intuition sharpened for the occasion. Your interests are my very own. Oh, you know ?this; say you do 1' ' Yes, my darling, I do.' ' Then there is one prayer I must make to you,' She paused, and a quick breath came from ber lips as she bent hea head and kissed her hand. '? Let me tell Ivan the truth —let me make him our ally. Oh, he will help us, father, fie would give his heart's blood in this oause— I know it ? Oh, iet tne unburden my heart to him.' Richard Farnohigh drew away and leaped to his feet. ' Madge, how can you ask it ? Not for world's . Remember your promise 1 Ho living soul bat you must know that I am iu lAilbrook. I insist on this.' ' But, father, this friendship with Felix Lancoe Is estranging my lover from tne. I would not j marry mm until your name was cleared, even if this todk years. If Lancoe should die without the truth coming to light, -then I would never marry anyone. But, oh ! in tbe meantime, it hurts me so to know I am causing him a moment's pain— to realize', he beeps away from mu beoause he has begun to doefct my love— baesuse he belive* that Lancoe,' the. murderer, is beginning to steal my kaart from him.' She flung out ber hands in passionate appeal, and her eyos were dilated in the intensity of her prayer. ' I don't tuind what I snfler, but let roe spare him,' she said. ' He would die before he be trayed you. He would do all a man could do to j helpjoo.' For the first time she realized tbe sterner side of her father's mature. -* He drew himselfup coldly, bis vofoe was inflexible. _ ' You can take back your promise to help rneif ? you wish;' -3®, and be happy with your lover ; fmt do not mention my name to him. I absolve ▼ou from ttiiv blind to me.' ? ' No, no, no, a thousand times,' she said, springing up and letting her arms close firmly round bis neck. ' How can you be so cruel ? Forget what Ijhave said. 1 shall no longer struggle ssraitift fate, no matter what cojme ; but-I must help you ;' atid hcr cheek sank to his shoulder. Richard JTatneleigh looked down on the girlish profile, and an tniBpeakable softness stole over his worn face, ' It cuts me like a knife to pain you,' he said ; *' but I must — I must. It almost seems dangerous to let the air hear my sccret ; then how can I per mit another human being to chare it P_ No, I dare not. You and I shall work together— just you and i I. Your lovfer will doubt you for a while per. baps, but in tbe end, all will come right. Assure liim of your love ; try to make him like Xancoe.' ' Ah, father, I bare not told you— but Felix Xancoe's heart has been awakened from its sleep me— he is learning to love me,' and- a shudder passed over ber. ' Every one who sees him with ?( notices it, ana bow «sn Ivan be blind ?' 'Ah the loves you,' came in aloug sigh of Intense hatred ; 'be sees in you his youth's love. He dares to love; adare yon instead of shrinking from you J He is made of flint. She looked up, and her youua face was tragic. ?' Oh, pray that we may find some clue to over power him with— soon !' she gasped. ' It means Tour reinstated honor, your happiness ; it means ample justice to the dead— and it means more ; itmeans Ivan's belief in me— Iyan'e happiness ?nd mine.' She bent forward and kissed him good-night. ' Nothing will make you Fatter in your promise ?' hi said, ' You have vowed absolute, secrecy.' ' You may trust me,' she said, her voice dulL *' But pray that we may know soon, father— soon. ' Good night,' she called back, cheerily, front 4he road. He stood anfil Watched her till the shadows bid her hurrying form, then retraced bis steps to hu 40nipgMonlM6 bom*. . Uadge ''walked- rapidly towards Farneleigh, her thoughts absorbing ber. 'She did not turn her head nor look to right ' or left. Had she done so, ?ahe would have seen the fonts ot a man a little - ?distance away walking rapidly at a steady, quick pscefin her d|reetion. It. was Ivan, ' and he had 'JJjgexpectedly reached Malbrook br a 'late train. 'The beauty of the night tempted liini. to walk to Van field, and his way took him past Farneleigh. He was- glad— roiierably alad— to get even sc ?car to Madge's home, sod be was wondering ?hat she was doing— whether ehe ? was playing Wfcist with' Bliss Abby or talkiDg to Lsncoe, or ?atceping with her dear, brows head softly indent ure the pillow— when he was startled by the word, '' Good night,' pokrn clearly, and the sight of *? feminine figure flitting from, the wood to the fight, io the roadway just a little ahead. ? His heart's beating grew quioksr, a darlk thought * «at was lik« the stain of a raven's wing against tbe blue sky, obscured consciousness. and h walked faster. How like that hurrying figure was to Madg 's. How like her ! His eagerness to see who the rambler could be made him increase his pace, his straining eyes fixed on the gloom. Again and again be told himself his thought, was folly. She could not be out so late alone talking to s-ime one iu the wood. Of course, the idea was ridteulows. ' It is one of the maids at Faver's place,' be said to himself. .But this assurance died at its birth as he, ob served that the figure now running lightly had reached Farneleigh, paused for a moment before the gates, and disappeared. 'Perhaps it was Madge's maid,' he thought still bent on deceiving himself, while the tone in. which the 'goodnight' had keen uttered rankled in Ais memory, and the fear which had sprung to j life was now a tormenting possession. When be reached Farneleigh gates he stood gazing into the quiet and blackuess stretch ing away beyond the patch of lights from the lamps. There was not a sound. Whoever the. wayfarer of the night had been, she was almost at the house by this time. As be steeped into the read again to resume his walk, his eye fell upon a amatl, white object in the path almost lying at his feet. , He pioked it up and «Av it was a dustv handkerchief, bat fine as a cobweb, its edge lace trimmed. Tho beating of his heart was like the strokes of a hammer in his ear as he spread ont the dainty thing, and taming back, looked at it under the light. That second was fraught by a crushing realization of despair, which never could be forgotten, as hiB eyes plainly rested on tbe monogram m the corner- ' M.F. It was Madge who had sped silently, seoretly, through tbe darkness. It was Madge who had said ' good night' to some one in the wood. CHAPTER XXr. XHX bbohze cabinet. FP*L' ftiA little clock in her boudoir, I anras»aW ^^WJSAS her In another hour she would be at Tne we«, she would be on the threshold of. the house which «Wf Him A bby hod objwsttd to A® ooowUom] nioum inir for the late master of Farneleigh, and for the father who bad died ander unusual wrouniBtanoeB In . fL/Und so Madge's gowns were nmply a token of respect in white or bl«krf U-'XVeSi in*youth «»* beauty, a light heart, -n untroubled *°Madoe wa« a picture of beauty and quiet elegance ? 7i?;. ™*tv wlwn. It was of dull, heavy wh te, UKaak wta* outlining the waist, apd the. V wWehleft ber rounded throat ber.jWhile rT«!« ware close and shirred, a frou- frou of . ^Jli^ovsr ber small hahd.. Bhe wore no a few iplendid rings, which glo fffcl S?« as her fingers moved. The ruffled ^ he.r ,aVhU S «Wet with downy trimming of blaek. -Si Pw 'ear* was beating, how he^ ayes hasty leti»» be bad returned to Maryfield, and y«t had not come to see her. She was triad he would not be at The Crest to-night, glad that his troubled eyes would not deter ber from making the most of every ?yportunity. ' To-nigbi, to-night Will it hold any snceess ? Perhaps I shall return without having advanced one step in discovery— without, even a suspicion being better founded,' she thought, as she placed to and fro, her handii tensely clasped. : Taking up cloak and fan she wept down the stairs. Miss Abby was not quite ready yet, aud she slipped past her door until she. stood between the curtains which shaded the gloomy pictcra gallery. It was always dark and gloomy there, always deserted. The eotrovr of the old mansion ' Seemed to lurk there like an abiding preeeuoe. A candle was bnruing 'in a tali, silver candle stick on a table near by.: Madge took it up, and holdiigit high above heir head, entered tbe long siUnt gallery. But she paused, her hand clutching the curtain. What whs that. sound which broke stealthily on tbe quiet— a rustle, a hurried, velvety step, a loug sigh as of wind rushing in through a suddenly opened door? Madge, grown as white as her gown, stood absolutely motionless, peering into the distant shadows beyond the haze of candle-light. She did not believe in ghosts, and yet an awe as if facing something nncanuy and supernatural crept over her. What living creature could have been alone in the blackness of the chill place, retreating at her approach, like a bat fearing the light t Im possible I And yet tka aound bad hot been fancy.' Was there such a thing as spiritual visitors after all, aud coatd it be/ that the restless wraith of her nnhappy young mother kept vigil there, waiting, perhaps, for vindication of her death to bring her peaistT . ' It was' a thought that made the blood encircle Madge's heart coldly as she moved further into the gallery, her eyes half-awed and fearsome, ?looking from -right toleft, . She bad been attracted here on this night to look on her father's face ..as it had been m the when he was happy, to etaqd before tbe j frayed and broken canvas where onefi tar mother'a lovely eyes had smiled witchingly, and which told so eloqaently the story of past agonji, pain, and rage. She had thought that some ii»piratioti might come to her in that place where th4 dark East seemed only of yesterday, some inspiration to e used in her task of justice. But instead, tbe memory « tne footstep sue had heard, the wail of the wind through the silent place, filled her with nervous awe, and aha had do wish to linger. It almost seemed a- if through the long bare windows where: faint moonlight shone, or through the door at the back leading eot to an ntiUM& eorridor, some ghostly visitor would 1 enter, confront. and terrify ber. . , She looked once at her, father's masterful face,' onee at the rained ct^ivas, and then like a young .creature flying at tbe approach of ? storm, hurried ?way, the candle waving In the draught and throwing big ahadows behind ber, iintil it aeemed Ibat imps made of the silent air': held revel in every corner. ^ . ? . . 1 As she came 'otit She confronted Ulsf Abby. 'Madge, where on etartb have you been ? '3annah and Mrs. Boebe have both been looking for yon,' sbe ssdd. her eyes fairiy scintillating ^with- eti^osity.: 'What we»; y-m. dipig in the P''rd5?triiink you wers ready.' aaid kadge, trying, to speak carelessly, 'aud I bad * faucy to leok at the 'old piotures.' ' Well, you are the strangest -riri.. You mast want to get a bad eold, Rolng in that Crslwfe place in thai low-put gown. Yon're as white asHfna'd' se*n ghosts.. Here, 'Hannah, bring lliss Partial U5gb a little shstry.; oh, you foolisa jgiii -. ; . ? . ..Jf. 5 ; . , I ,1 * ' I .1 |' II SZSmOrnStti n'&gB.; let herself bo Hoiliio.l -i'ii Milenne, audi obediently drank the wine. S!»« Htof» l as if in % Ireano, while Hniinuh n-tapped. the velvet oloalt r/jutrl bflr, Hiid'drew thcrCapiiMfih h'Wl'over bar head. The. awe nhr'l»ad ? '.'i in th-) pi.itur-» ir tilery cemniiiod with her until lliey wore driving io Tits Croat. Tho carriage turned into Hit' gUM, and movat slowly up to the hill, .wftor? thi- feudal-lookiniy mansion twinkled through Urn folingo. Suoh aa. iutensity too k hold of Mnilye's heart an shv thought other mission, aunb a determination t® dirtoover sorri^il irifr siispicioils in thw Strang# .house and about its strange master, that all hw courage returned,' and sho entered the btp, ^riltiant houSo dominated only by this m thought. ; When they had laid aside their wraps sadt descended to the drawing-room, they found th* others all there. Lancoe looked strikingly hand— some. His white, closo out hair, his dark nj&t;, the black aud white of evening clothes, were all sharp notes of color, and added to these a broaA band of scarlet, crossed his breast tearing soms decoration he had received years before as a dipta* matic honor in Rtmnia. He made no effort to hide the delight he felt aa Madge appeared looking like a dr«&m; of springy His eyes lingered on her arch, upturned face aa it he would never tire drinking in itn beauty. ' I'm norry we're a Utile late,' said Nfiss Abby shaking out the ample folds of hur sumptuous^ silk skirt., ' but Madiro here so^med possessed ttUB evening with a spirit of umect' Sbe would have said more, but Madge laugbv* ingly held her finger to her lips. She did no% want Felix Lancoe to know thut the Farueleigla mystury and the Farneleigh portraits went especially intere«t.ing to her. It was better, perw baps, that he should think her a very unsuspeafr* ing, thoughtless girl, until sotne admission or so;mi discovery placed a weapon against him in hae hand. ' No tales out of school, Aunt Abby,' she sat#, gaily ; ' Will vou forgive me, Mr. Lauooa ? I an^ indeed, all to blann.' ! ' I'll forgive you for being late,' he Baid, ia « voice which only she heard, ' but not tor deprrrin^ m». of the pleasure of t-eeiug you ten iniuitaa earlier. I am a nigjrard about snoh moin.;Ut^ Stiss Farneleigh —I am iudeed.' ' Dinner is served, sir,' aaid a footman, liflitkg a heavy portiere of eastern stuff, and Madge saw the dining-room beyoud. The beauty of the house impressed her from th* Moment she had entered it. It was iud^e& ? treasure house. Farneleigh was %n old nolotunfc mansion, everything riuh and austere; butitlsa house in which Felix Liocoe had buri«d himietf for so many years was filled with tbe reminders ot far, strange lauds and many different uentiiri&k.; The diuinrg-room wns old Dutch in style, anA nothing could have been more charming tnuti tba quaintly raftered roof, dark and oruds, jthe oSA settlea before the deep-iuouthed fireplace, Mrhac* a big !og burned, the latticed windows, tbe quaint ? «mall-paned cupooa-ds filled with. a stare 'of irarw^ blue delf. Iu the firelight, save for the modem garb of the guests who sat at the ' great oataant table, it looked like a atudy of an ' interior hnj Rembrandt. When the bright and charming ditiner was oi«R^ and Felix Lancoe suggested taking her over Aa. bouse., she found this beauty, this exquisite alw tention to detail, this evidence of a rare, artistia mind spattered every where, - Madge; studying him, loading him on to talk* walked beside bim, through a beautiful ball wh*to |he draperies were sesthetic, and paintings by Burne -Jones and Boa&stti; gleamed agaiust tha jade-greeu hangings. Into a rprnn whose jdivaHfc rtaany- Irued rugs, and lamps of wroiight-braa^ hinted of Algeria, down another hall, stored wiefc savage implements and curios picked up during « . year's sojouru in the Straits Settlements and South {Sea Islands, aud at- last to the -«tudjb Shakesperian in coloring, furnishing, aud devina. Here Madge sat down on a great oaken, cbasfc such as Ginevra might have hidden in, andieawsA her rounded chin in her palm. Sha wasconwoiatm of a eold feeling of. disappointment. The ntgbft was wearing to a close, : and she bad disoo^ereA-— ? nothing. Her host had been more entertaining thin tbe best book ot travels 6be had ever' readL There had been nothing' unusual iu his mann«% uothing to imply that the past, whioh hoveroU like a companion with her, was a menace to hiaa. H He had beea almost boyish in his eagerness. U» S iuterest her iu the treasures with which his hous* was filled, had looked at her with too evident adt mit'ation. 