CHAPTER, n. 'Now, Lena, I am ready to - listen to all you want to say. And 'first, - what are your grounds for thinking Miss Boss had anything to do with the disappear ance of .your jewels? I cannot1 say I know much about her ; but I know Molly is very fond of her, and she certainly does not look like a' thief!' i 'Of course not. , You are sure to say that, because she is, pretty, and, .has a way with her that men. are sure- tp like. I am only thankf ul this has come in, time to open Hubert's 'eyes. ? .He has; .looked at her, and played; croquet with -Molly more than I care abou't.since he.ha&r; been at home.- .-It is your house, of! course; but ? ?' -' ' ,.''/v ' Lady, Donnithorne broke off -.with an angry'sniff. .'' , ? . ; .? '*'? Her.brother-in-la.TY, ^talLvth'iir man, with' a graved somewEat ste'rn'face, and far more 'white in, his dark hair about the templea than1 his age' warranted, had merely raised his eyebrows a little. ' \- 'Will you'* tell me' what' you 'know of this robbery, if you please,' Lena?' , When Mr.' Gerald Donnittiorrie, who had lived. mostly abroad or in the colo nies, had come home on hearing' of his brother's death, he being heir to the baronetcy and estates, it 'was taken for granted he was a bachelor. He was many years younger than the deceased Sir Anthony, and certainly no one had ever heard of his marriage, or even engagement. ( In fact, the Donnithornes were not a marrying family, as a rule — of late years, that is. One after another three brothers had held the title and estates, the last only — Sir Anthony — having taken to nimsdf , quite lato in life, as wife a- widow, with already a son and daughter of her own, and not by any means in the first bloom of youth. Little Mollie, poor Lil's pupil, was the only child of the marriage, and was little more than two years old when her father died and her Uncle Gerard came back, with the intention— so it was taken for granted — of turning her, with her mother, half-brother, the Cambridge undergraduate, and his pretty sister, a girl of fourteen, all out of the beautiful old Warwickshire house for good and all. But, it appeared, no such idea' was in the -new baronet's mind. There was plentv of room for all. he' said. Ladv Donnithome was1 welcome to vorr.ain mistress of his house, if she choose, ff o- vided ihe was absolute Waster in certain ways. ?,. ?. \ .. . - ? .;' ..'.?... ., / He was a man of great- literary and scientific tastes. ? He lived mostly in his own rooms, and would allow no in terference with the disposal of his- own time. He would pledge, himself to no social doings at' all, neither big dinners nor -balls would he go to, either at his own or other people's houses: but he left his sister-in-law free to entertain as she pleased on her own account, expect ing her only to fit in her arrangements with' his own with regard to the few friends, mostly English or foreign scien tific or literary celebrities, who came now and 'again for a few days' visit to Stane Court. As to her children, he was kindness it self.. His own little niece adored him in consequence ; while before long Hu bert D.urister had grown to look upon him, ,as'ta true friend, confiding in him far more than in his mother, both feeling and showing for him greater respect and af fection than many a man receives from his own son, even now that he was doing w-ell in the Foreign Offibe, and was of an age when the conceit of youth to wards older folk is often at its height. As for 'Maud, she certainly made pretty speeches at times — living under Ms roof, receiving such' kindness as she did, it was scarcely possible to make no recog nition; but there was no ring, of real. sin- cerity about them. . . . ? She was lovely to. look at, 'and clever in a certain way ; but her flippant talk far from charitable, as a rule— her con stant and unfair snubbing of her little sister, had often brought upon her stern looks from under Sir Gerard's '' dark brows, bitterly, resented by hey. Vague ly? without giving the ' matter : much thought, Sir Gerard was conscious that he. neither liked nor approved of Maud Dunster very much, and between them there w&s; little save formal intercourse when they met at meals. It_gave him no surprise now when her mother's first words told him how 'The' idea of the governess's guilt had been first broached by Maud. Sir Gerard listened without comment till he was in possession of all the facts that Lady Donnithome could give him. Then he began to ask questions. 'I can see now, Lena, there is certain ly-some ground for your suspicions. If the poor' girl was not guilty, it was ex ceedingly foolish for her to go like that. How did you find her? Of course, she had references of some kind? No doubt you told me at the time, but I have for gotten.' 'She came from London, I believe. Shi lived with' a brother in a low part of the town; but 'it-was Mrs. Middleton who 'told me about her. She saw her at a bazaar, or something of that kind, and took a fancy to her. I can't say I have ever thought much of her, only as Maud^ — -f 'But, of course, you had references with her?' Sir Gerard repeated, coming back to his 'point gently. Mrs! Middle ton was not a woman likely to be taken in, he fancied, from what little he knew of -her. 'Of course ! There was some clergy man and his wife, I believe, said they had known her all her life. The usual sort of thing, you know! It means no thing!'- ? ' ? ' ' ? 'Have you kept the letters?' . 'No, certainly not. It was more than 'a year ago.' ' 'Is it? I had not thought Miss Ross had been here so long. If there is any truth, in this idea of yours, she has wait ed some time. Now, Lena, does it not strike you that there, is a great lack of probability in your theory? I will al low there is some ground for suspicion. You want me to give the matter at once into the hands of the Dalby police. I may, agree to do so ; but, for that poor girl's sake, supposing 'her to be abso lutely innocent, I must first make every inquiry possible in the house.' Sir. Gerard rang the bell as he spoke, and told the servant who answered it to ask Mrs. Hutton, the housekeeper, to/come and speak to him in the library, his own domain. t Then he intimated to his sister-in-law he would prefer to speak to the servants alone,' and would meet her and Maud in the 'drawing-room as soon as his investi gations were over. The housekeeper had little to say. Nothing at all unusual had , happened on that evening two days agjDj^ow. She knew of no door or window .hging found open the next day. , The girl Ada, Miss Dunster's own maid, had said something in ,the morning about/ having '^ seen a ghost; but she herself thought it all nonsense. And she was certain all the bolts and bars had been seen to as usual. Ada — sent for, and questioned in her turn — admitted having been frightened by a glimpse of white along the passage where' was the room occupied by Miss Ross and her' pupil, but answered all Sir Gerard's, questions 'with 'a certain touch of hesitation that puzzled him a little till it was explained by another of the maids — Ellen — the girl who wait ed on the schoolroom, and looked after Molly's clothes. To! be continued. 