THE WAR LONDON, Nov. 13, 3.50 p.m. A detachment of the Boer troops now investing Kimberley under the com mand of General Cronje has en trenched itself very strongly at Bel mozit, with the object of opposing the advance of troops sent up from De Aar to the relief of Kimberley. It was in the attempt to turn the Boer flaak during an engagement to the north of Belmont the other day, and to find out the exact position of the laa ger that Lieutenant-Colonel Keith Fal coner, of the Northumberland Fusi liers, was killed. He and the few men with him at the time fell into an am bush and were shot down by the Boer sharpshooters without a chance of do ing anything to save themselves. Another officer killed on the same oc casion was Lieutenant Wood, a grand son of Jefferson Davis, once president of the Confederate States of America. (Helmont is a station on the Cape to Buluwayo- railway line, between Kim berley and the Orange River. It is 55 miles south of Kimberley, and 22 miles north of the Orange, and 91 miles from De Aar.) Colonel Adolph Schiel, General Jou bert's ' "tactical ghost," and the real brains of the Boer campaign, who was captured at Eland's Laagte, has ad mitted that the intention of the Boers in their invasion of . Natal was either to overpower or to elude the British forces holding Ladismith, to advance rapidly on Pietermaritzburg, capture that town, and then dictate terms of p:ace. Hle further admits that they had quite underrated their adversaries. All the Boer leaders thought the plan could easily be carried out, and that they would meet with little or no opposition. He (Colonel Schiel) could see now that the task they had so lightly set them selves was utterly hopeless and doom ed to failure from the outset. The ex- Prussian officer of Hussars is also higly complimentary on the valour of the British`iroops, both at Glencoc and at Eland's Laagte. At the latter Ilace, in their magnificent rush up the heights, he .says the Gordon High landers fought so grandly that he feels he must salute their uniform whenever he sees it. LONDON, Nov. 14, 6.40 a.m. Offitia' news from Ladismith on Thursday-tast, the 9th inst., states that the British guns on that day silenced the Boer artillery in four hours, and it believed to have inflicted very heavrp losses on the, enemy. It is also said that the Whole Boer army is in ,,rr straits fo:. food, their commissariat a - rangements having !.r ' r?,i:wn • :;it Thirough the colonial Agents-Gene ral the.War Office has ordered the fol lowing supplies from the Australian colonies * for use in the Transvaal:- zooo tons of Algerian oats from Vic toria; 150o tons of tinned meat from Victoria ;. zoo,ooolb. of compressed fresh boiled mutton from New South Wales. Lord Lansdowne, the Secretary of State for War, has declined with thanks the offer of :a, volunteer contingent for service in the Transvaal. Mr George Wyndham's new theatre was :opened last Thursday night, and the proceeds 'of the performance were generously devoted to the War Relief Fund. The seats were sold by auction by members of the Stock Exchange. An Australian, Mr Frank Gardner, capped all bids. for the stage box by ZIoo, and-having secured the box pre sented it to Mr and Mrs Wyndham. - Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, Chancel lor of the'Exchequer, speaking at I1is tol last night, said that the result of this war would be to destroy all prey iously existing South African cou,;en tions. It would awake to new birth a rival tothe Cariadian and Australasian Empires in the great Imperial constel lation. Reutdr's correspondent at the Cape telegraphs particulars regarding the capitulation of the Gloucestershire and Royal . Irish :Fusilier battalions, com manded by Lieut.-Colonel Carleton, at Nickolsoijn-Nek. They are as related by FathirjMatthews, -a Roman Catho. lic priest, who was a prisoner at i're toria along with the captured men, but who has been released and come down to Delagoa BSay. Father Matthews adds little to what was known. 'already. After the mules had stampeded the troops were de prived of their guns and ammunition, and were' for some time hard pressed by the enemy. Even so they would not have surrendered had not,one of the subordinate ,officers impulsively hoisted a flag of truce.' - An infantw.division df.,ooo 1000 nimen is now being mobilised a" Alidershot, for possible despatch to tlhe Cape. If these troops are sent, then, counting in all the local contingents of volunteers and others, General Sir Redvers Buller will have at his disposal a total force of upwards of ioo,ooo men. More troopships' have arrived at Cape Town, and 2ooo men will be sent on to Durban this week in addition to those already despatched. Colonel Baden-Powell reports from Mafeking that on the 3 ist ult, the Boerr made a determiied attempt to capturc " some British runs in a kopje at a cor ner of the town. In spite of a heavy and well directed British fire they persisted for some time in their attack, during which they lost heavily. At last- they could stand it no longgr, and gave way in much con fusion. The British lost six killed, among them two captains. The Rand goldfield, is almost entirely deserted, and all, the mines 'except twelve have completely suspended work. Among the twelve still carrying on are the Rose Deep and the Ferreira Deep, both largely controlled by a Dutch syndicate. IJ.M.S. Magicienne yesterday came up-with a French steamer, the Cordoba, about 70 miles from Delagoa Bay. Hav ing reason to suspect that she was car rying contraband of war Captain Til lard, of the British cruiser, fired a blank cartridge as a signal to her to heave to. The signal was obeyed, and the Bri tish captain sent an officer on board to examine her manifest. The investiga tion proved satisfactory,and the French vessel was allowed to resume her vby age. LONDON, Nov. 14, 3.75 p.m. The Boer bombardment of Ladismith is increasing in intensity. More guns have been brought to bear upon the British position, and as their defences have been improved and strengthened they cannot now be silenced as rapidly as before by.-the British fire from the town. General Joubert has learnt of the near arrival of reinforcements for the besieged, and realises th'e urgent neces sity of bringing matters to a climax as soon as nossible beford,the addition al Britislh troops can be conveyed to the front. It is mainly for this reason that helis now taxing the capabilities of his artil lery to the uttermost,, hoping to per suade the Boer commandos to attempt a general assault uponi the town, under cover of their ·runs, before it is too late. They have hitherto been very averse to this kind of fighting,'but now they rea lise -it is their last chance an assault. will probably take place before-the re inforcements reach Ladismith. Heavy as it now is the Boer--fire has done, and is doing, comparatively little damage. General TWhite and his gar rison are confident that' they can stand a siege for a long time yet, and that, in the event of an assault, they can more than hold their own against the enemy. Eleven troopships in ail have by now arrived at Cape 2 own. Several of these have beer sent on. at once to Durban, to which port 6ooo nie~" have now been ,despatched. There have been loud complaints here recently about the slowness of the vessels chartered by the Briiish Govern ment as transports. The Government-has in consequence now chartered the ?¶ White Star liner Majestic, a vessel of to,ooo tons, which has made some' etc?edingly rc st runs between Queenstowui atid New York. The twin screw steamrirs Majestic and Teutonic were the fitst, steamers- spe cially constructed, under arrangement with the Admiralty, for employment as mercantile armed cruisers. Yesterday, about 70o miles from Dela goa Bay, Captain P. F. Tillard; of H.M.'s third class cruiser Magicienne, stopped the French ,st-a-imer Cordoba, suspecting that she was carrying contra band of war. After her manifesto had been inspected, howeteri and the sus picions were shpwn to be groundless, the French vessel was allowed to re sume her voyage. ' The. French newspapers this morning are making greaS capital out of this in cident, which serves' them as a con venient peg whereon to' hang violent denunciations of Great Britain. They are urging the Government to demand an apology and an- indemnity from Great Britain for the-uiwarrantable de tention of a neutral vessel. Since Generail Cron Jopeneddfire on Kimberley on the ~i, inst., the Boer bombardment of th .town has gone steadily on, but, witl vjry little effect. The enempy's guns ate all stationed at about 8ooo yards distance, the Boers seeming to be ifraid i'to come within closer range of the British artillery. The distance and their own poor markmanship comtbine to take the Boer bombardmeti .almost futile. Most of their shells fall on the heaps of debris piled round Kimberley, and 'many of them fail to explode at all, . Mr Cecil Rhodes is employing thous ands of persons in Kimberley at road making, paying their wages out of his own pocket. (So , says the cablegram, but there seems to be some mistake about it. Cecil Rhodes would hardly start thousands of people, nor would the said thousands be much more inclined to venture, on road making in the face of a heavy hostile bombardment. Besides it is very doubt ful if there are thousands available in Kimberley for this purpose. The more probable meaning of the cablegram is that, in view of the probable glut in the.Jabour market for a time after the war, or when the Boers have left Kim berley, Mr Cecil Rhodes has promised to find employment for some thousands of men in making roads about the town and over the diamond fields.) TThe Australian trading steamer Nar rung, which arrived here not long ago, has been chartered by the Government for transport duty to South Africa. LONDON, Nov. I5, 6.20 a.m. Lord Salisbury has written a letter to the "Times" this morning explicitly contradicting an assertion made by Lord Edmond Petty-F itzmaurice, Liberal M.P. for. Cricklade, to the effect that in his speech at the Guild Hall on the 9th Lord Salisbury had stated it was not Great Britain's inten tion to touch the independence of the Dutch Republics.. The Prime Minister points out that so far from- making any statement about what the terms of peace with the 'Transvaal would be, he had prefaced his remarks by an express refusal to discuss them at that juncture. All he had said was that Britain had no desire to annex goldfields or territory. She would insist upon -good government and equal. rights for all. Lord Kimberley, the leader of the Liberal party in the House of Lords, who was Colonial Secretary from r88b to 1882, spoke on the Transvaal ques tion last night at Newcagtle-on-Tyne. He dwelt at some lengh on the con vention of x881, the events that led up to it, and the reasons which prompted the British Government to enter upon that agreement with the South African Republic. Incidentally he paid a high tribute to Mr Chamberlain who, as a supporter of the then government, had strenously and consistently supported the Transvaal policy of Mr Gladstone and himself. With regard to the present war, prac tically everybody was agreed that its prosetution was in one sense a neces sity. In no other way, and by nonuther means, could the British Government obtain fair justice for the Uitlanders and a redress of the abuses of a corrupt administration. Mr Chamberlain had, he considered, displayed a conspicuous singleness of purpose throughout. He meant -to get conceded the fair and very moderate demands he had made, but he had -never intended to go to war. unless war became absolutely necessary. It had become so, indeed it had been forced upon the Government much against the will of the Cabinet. In detlaring war upon Great Britain the Transvaal Government had denied the suzerainty of Great Britain, watch, was explicitly insisted on and agreed to iy the Transvaal in the Conventions of 1881 and 1884. The military censorship established over the telegraphs at Cape Town ap plies to all official telegrams except those of Portugal, and even to coded messages. The French newspapers. are very bitter about the censorship,. and write of Portugal as "Britain's accom plice." There are plenty of 'indicationis, as shown among other things by th -way in which troops have been hurried on to Durban, that General Buller regards the relief of Ladismith as urgent, and a step to be taken before anything else is done. The second battalion of the Royal Irish Fusiliers under Lieut.-Colonel J. Reeves, has arrived at Cape Town, arid is among the troops sent on to join Major-General Hildyard at Durban. - General White's hellograph message from Ladismith on Thursday gave little information beyond stating that the enemy's bomobardment was still heavy, but harmless. Possibly he said notl ing further in case his message' should be intercepted by the Boer's heliograph men at Fort Wylie. (Fort Wylie is the fort which pro tects the Bulwer railway bridge over the Tugelg at Colenso. On Thursday, therefore, the Boers must have been holding the bridge, anid probably 'Col enso as well. A cablegram yesterday said that they had apparently not're occupied Colenso9 and that it was hoped British communications along the line would be soon re-established. But all the messages from Natal have been very sketchy -ind contradictoiry since-the war began.) Lieutenant-General Sir Charles War ren has been pTced in command of the xI,ooo- troops now being mobilised at AlderAhot. (Sir Charles Warren 'has had plentwy of experience in South African warfare.: .He served duiring the 'Kaffir, .war of 1877-78, iti command of the Diamondk Fields Horse, and, took part in many engagements with the natives. He was: cofimended in' the Governor's des-: patches for "energy, ability and -re source displayeQr under most trying cir cumstances." In 1884-85 he command ed the forces in the Bechuanaland Ex-' pedition.) In spite of a message of warning sent to their commander by Colonel Ba'den -Powell, the Boers, on the 31st ult.; per sistently directed- their (shells -at the hospital and at the women's laager in Mafeking. Fortunately, however, this part of their bombardment was -about as harmless as the rest. LONDON, Nov. 15, 4.4 p.m. The .two Mansion :House Fui?ds con nected with the Transvaal war have now risen to large dimensions. That for the relief of the dependenits of those who fall in the war amounts to £200ooo000 and that for the relief of the Transvaal refugees to £170,ooo. LONDON, -,ov. 15, 4..51 p.m. According to "Le Gaulois,' . a Paris; journal, Prince Louis Napoleon, who is a brother of Prince Victor's and ani officer in the Russian army, has been, refused permission by the Czar of Rus sia to leave St. Petersburg and join the: Beer army. The Customs authorities, at Cape' Town have seized on board a ship iso the harbour, and have detained, a wire- less telegraphy plant-. intended for. transmission to the Transvaal Govern-~ ment. Father Matthews has somewhat qua- " lified the story he told with reference to the surrender of .Lieut.-Colonel Carle ton, and the ten and a half companies: of the Irish Fusiliers and the Glouces tershire regiment. He eaiplains that he does not vouch for the accuracy of it, but that he me-e. -1r repeated a rumour current amc.r.g the captives, to tJ.e effect that a +,.migg officer raised a white flag, thinking that he and ten men with him were.the sole survivors of the British force. Whether .here is any trith il. the spry or not, it seems to have originated with the men of the Fusiliers. Father Matthews says that they are furious at the surrender, alleging that a huge blunder had been committed by some one. . LONDON, Nov.16, 6.40 a.m. The "Standard" this morning" pub lishes a message received from its cor responident in 'Natal to the effect. that General Sir Redvers Buller has- left Pietermaritzburg "and proceeded up. country. He has now, adds the "Stan dard" cdrrespondent, comipleted alli . his plans for the relief of La ismith,. which will be taken in haid .directly. The "Daily Mail" says that Lieuten. ant-General Lord"Methiaen,' who ar- rived at Cape Town on one of the first transports, and who commands the irst division of the. Army Corps, has left: with his staff for the nort h :of Cape Colony. It is semi-officially -announced in: .Paris that France is iaining for'a reportl . on the exact facts of the stoppage of the Cbrdoba the other day by tMi cap-. tain of the H.M.S. Magicienne. Tilt: this arrives'-no diplomatic ' represt?t tions will be made to -the British Go verniient on the subject. : It was ideal? "Queen's weather" yester any, Avhen Her Majestr'' the Queen, ac companied by Princess Beatrice and the Duke and Duchess of Conihaught, jour neyed-from Windsor to Bristol, to open the nel4y built Convale-sceht Home in the Western seaport town. Bri - The occasion ivas a gala' yin Bris tol, and great preparatoios ?liad been been made for the receptioi of theli Royal visitors. For a distande of six miles the streets tlirough which the pro cession passed were splendidly deco rated, and the rbiute was guai?led by 900ooo0 troops and volinteers. " - In reply to addresies of welconhelle livered by the Lord Mayor at the -?ion Hall, Her Majesty said that it- gave- her nmuch pleasure to revisit a city so long anad io intimately associated with, the history of Great .Britain and her colo nies over sea. The 'sense ofbrother hood which had welded the i:'various parts of the Empire togeth'eri in peace :. had made itself manifest in the hour oF'. trial, and was seeni ii the spontaneoui. patriotism that hadiptompted thie colo£ - nies to send' their contingents to the: aid of the Mother Country. She con gratulated'the district on the cdnspicu. ous 'valour displayed by its soldjers aid sailors in:South Africa.: ' ' After this the Queen.proceedel to fle Convalescent Home, and went through the ceremony of declaring it open. . A feature of the proceedings-was the sing ing by a choir of 27,odo children. Her Majesty inspected the new Home, ard remarked that it was a beautiful build ing, and a noble Hoime. The. "Osservaitore Romano," in ans .wer: to complaints'iecently made about the bitter hostility shown to0Britain over :the Transvaal, question by most of the Vatican journals, affirms that irq the matter of the l'ransvaal the Vaticah is and always has been strictly neutral. It adds that it makes this announce ment- unofficially, and merely records what is offliciall-- A well known fact. Recognising the fact that his cannon at Mafeking have been. stationed too far away for their fire 'to do much' harni General Cronje blegan constructing a Sseries of echelon trenches, with the ob ject of bringing them-up under. cover nearer to the town.. These tactics, however; were frustiat ed by the vigilance of Colonel Baden Powell. ' By a series of brilliant night :surprises --as is well known it is almost impossible to induce the Boers to fight by nlight--the British commander pre vented him from carrying out his plan, and..destroyed his trenches as fast by night as the Boers dug- them by day. (When last heard of General Cronje was s'uperintending the siege of Kim berley. From the above cablegram he appears to have taken a run up to Mafeking to see how affairs were (pro gressing there. - Or the cablegram may only 'mean ,that he sent directions to the Boer'Commandant at Mafeking to con struct these echelon trenches.) .VYesterdays wia' cabled' an item of news received froth- Colonel -Baden Powell, stating that on the 3ist ult. the Boers made a determined- attack . on sbme British guns posted in a kopje at a corner of the town, and that- they were eventually repulsed with con siderable loss. Some further, details of the affair came to hand yesterday. It appears that the British .allowed -the Boers' to approach the kopje un molested, reserving their fire until the enemy had got within 6oo yards. Then the signal was give% At once Colonel. Walford, of the South African Police, who commanded the detachment hold. ing the kopje, opened a destructive fire. on the advancing Boers with Maxims and rifles, while at the. same time they were exposed to an enfilading shrappnel fire from the town. For a time they tried to continue their 'advance, but it was no good. The British fire was far too hot for them to face, and they' broke and fled in some disorder, losing about ibo men. Reports froom Ladismith say that a good many of the Free State troops now before the town are leaving and returnitig homewards.. .. It-Sis said that the reason they assign for this deser K tion is that they are afraid of a 'Basuto raid into the Free . State, and 'must look atter the protection of their own borders. LOINDON, -.ov. i6, 7.15 a.m. 'A second engagement took place on the. 7th inst. at Besters, and resulting in. another Boer defeat. No details of" the fighting are given, but it is said that the Boers lost 30o men, while the British causualties were very slight. The Boers operating in the Buluwayo district, north. and north-west' of .the Limpopo, have been making attacks on Khama's country, which lies to the west of the Limpopo. That chief is said to be more than;holding his own, and hik warriors -are .dtiving the invaders .back upon the Transvaal. LONDON, Nov. r6, 7. it a.m. In the- course of a' speech it Man chester last .night Sir H. .Campbell Babnermai, leader pf; the. Liberal party,' made a virulent attack upon 'the Goi?ertiment, whom' he accusedl of hair. ing steered the nation into war. LONDON,. Nov. 6, 10.30 .a.m. The "Natal .Tihies" has received a telegram 'from Delagoa Bay stating thbat General Joubert, lthe Beer Com mander-in-Chief, was killed in. action on Thursday last.. ,The telegram is an exceedingly brief onie,and no other pr titulars are given., (We should ,e very much inclined to doubt the accuracy.of 'se aabovp tele grain. General Joubert's deatn is said to have occurred a week .ago, and though nq doubt efforts.might I.e made to -conceal the :fact, something rwt rid probably have been heard of it befo:e this time. .Again, 'we know of nio ac tion in which it is likely to have oc curred is having taken place on. the 9th. And yet again Gener C Iuubnrt is an'old man-so. old' that there was some doubt As to 'hether he would go to the front at all-and is not likely to ' have been in any action, or s~ 'dose to any attion, as to& have met with• his death. 'He-is tMe Boer head on this oc casion, nbt the hand. Until the news is confirmed it 'had better be received with 'caution.) SLONDON, Nov. x6, 3.50 p.m. Some-little time ago .it. will be re membered, the War Office found it ad visable to transfer General.Sir William Francis. Butler from .his position as Comniandant bf the British fo'rces in' South Africd, the.re&ason; beinr that his vie~ws. on the Transvaal policy of the British Government were- opposed to thoise of Sir Alfred ?iilner. " General .Butler was therefore super -seded by General Sir Frederick Fores tier-Walker, and took the place of the latter officer as Commandant. of the Western District of England. In this capacity he should naturally have attended at Bristol yesterday, and commanded the troops on the occasion of Her Majesty's visit. He did not .do so, as it was feared that his presence would cause a public demonstration of hostility. . LONDON, Nov. 16, 3.5o p.m. 'Father Matthews supplements his story about the capitulation of *Lieut. Cofonel Carleton: at Nickolson's Nek by saying, on the authority of several of the prisoners, that it was unavoid able. 'I he. British commander was faced with the alternative of surrender or annihilation. Escape from the posi tion was impossjble, as the Boe'rs in overwhelming force held three sides of the hill and the fourth was a pre cipice. Besides this guns were being brought up,.and had not the British surrendered they would simply hatre been shelled froni close range without any power of retaliating. LONDON, Nov, 16, 3.50 p.m. Nearly io,ooo British troops are now collected at Estcourt, and are 'ready to start for the front directly. ?An early forward movement for ..the relief of Ladismith is anticipated. LONDON, Nov. x6, 3.50 p.m. During the - bombardment of Ladi smith the Boers deliberately shelled the. Convent and the Catholic sanitoriuni, which were used for hospital purposes, in spite of the fact that the Geneva flag was conspicuously flying on both' build ings. Two civilians . were killed by bursting shells, and several hospital nurses werelSeriously wounded. LONDON, Nov. i6, 3.5o p.m. The cable between Lorenzo Marques and Aden, which-some' time ago was found to be interrupted somewhere along the Mozambiqxie coast, has now been restored, and is:now working all right again. Several war correspondents have cabled home to their papers the news that General Joubert was killed in ac tion last Thursday, giving it; however, as a report merely, and not as an au "thenticated fact. Enquiries have. been made about it to-day at the War Office, but the authorities "there are utterly ignorant of it, and have had no hint of it in official despatched. \- tLONDON, Nov. z6, 3.50 .paM. Report received through the natives say that a grdat many of the Boer troops engaged in the siege of Mafe king have left for Pretoria, and that others are leaving.. - .LONDON; Nov. i6, 3.50 p.m. . It is reportedfrom. Mafeking that in officer there, Lieutenant Murchison,' has accidentally killed Mr Parslow, a !'Daily Chr6nicle" war correspondent. The accident happened while the two men were. xamining .a revolver, which ?Went off, with fatal results. (No Lieutenant Murchison appears in the. Englis~ Army list. .The nearest name to it is Lieutenant 'Alexander Beresford Murison, of the' West India regiment, who served with the Ashanti Expedition under Sir Francis Scott in 1895-96.) LONDON, Nov. 17, 6.45. a.m. A British-colunm from De Aar is now matching northwaids with the object of relieving Kimberle;: The Boer troops thht have hitherto beena holding.Belmont,-a station on the Cape to Buluwayo railway line 55 miles 'south of Kimberley, have looted, and wrecked that- place, '4nd have. fallen back on to the 'Modder river,-which is 24 miles southkof Kimberley. (As we have' learnt' in a desultory sort of way lately a. British force has 'been for some?time?..Cbllectjg at.De. Aar for the:relief qf Kimberley. ' VWe have not yet, had any intimption fo:fa. forward movement from Ie Aar, 'but the m?rii tary censorship, ':wodild, probably: kedP. that dark till, the troops were .well :on their way. The above cablegram seeims to ihdicate that they haie i passed the Orange,which is 77 milessoiuth of Kim berley, and are getting near Belmonit on their-nbirthward marchd Up to the Orange, as far as we knd'i, the railway line has.not been touched ?by thefBoers, except, perhaps. t Krankuil, only a few miles 'south' of the river. ; The iroops could probably therefore be entrained ks' far as:. the crossing. Above tht Orange they would most likely have Ito march, as the.Boers have held that part of..the line for some-time, 'and must have taken' measures to render :it use less. A fewdays ago we 'were told that a strong 3Boer detachment was pos'ted at Belmont to check any reinforcements approaching from the south. 'that would 'seetirto be about.the time Cron¢ learnt of the' s*art of the Brita tish from De Aar. To the approachl of the relieving coliumn must be attri butdale the Boer. retirement' form BDel mbot'to a better stiategic position 0o' the Modar river.) ':-<\- . - ".- . :" .. = - . LONDON, Nov. I7, 6.30 a.m. The night attack made by Colonel Baden-Powell from Mafeking on the Boer echelon trenches a few days ago proved abirilliant success. Only a few soldiers made the+ attack, and these took the Boers occupying the trenches completely by surpsise, and put them to an utter rout. Many of the enemy were bayonetted under thir tarpaulins, where thby lay shrieking for mercy, and the rest fled in confusion back to their maihn army. The British then hastily demolished their trenches, and returned 'to the town. In all 65 men we?e engaged in this night surprise, but .the terror of the enemy magnified their numbers ten fold. Commandant B~btha-who seems to be in command bf the Boe? troops at Mafekin.--asserts that his men took the number of their .,assailants to be at least xooo. LONDON, Nov. 17, 6.30 a.m. The British Government has chartered the Dominion ,liner. Canada for the South African transpprt service. LONDONSNov. 17, 6.45 a.m. A native missionary, who has just come into Estcourt from the front,yre ports that on Friday, the ioth inst., a severe engagement took place in the neighbourhood- of L'adismith. The Natal volunteers, he says, first engaged the enemy, and . by degrees drew them out into the open. The re gular troops then by a ra"id' move ment took them in flank, and cut them off from their cover A desperate fight ensued, which ended in a crushing de feat for the Boers. The missionary further states that the Beer dead were, so numerous that, after the British troops had left the field and returned to Ladismith, they employed zoo Kalfirs to bury them. The wyounded w&re; carried ba'.k to the Boer Tines, and two train-olis cf t'u'w were sent back to the Transvaal. (The battle here described may pos sibly be identical with that second en gagemnent reported yesterday to have taken place at Bestwrs, and assigned to the 7th inst. In the brief account re ceived of that fight it was said that 300 Boers had been killed, while the Brit ish 'casualties were very. few.) LONDON,. Nov. 17, 6.45 a.m. Reports have come into Eitcourt the last,few days that parties of Boers have been seen on the railway line at various points -between Colenso and Estcourt, their object being. apparently to try at'd cut the line here atid there, and so delay the advance of the British .reinforce ments. They have been. encouraged to ap proach pretty cld6e to Estcourt by. the fact that that town is as yet rather short of artillery. ' LONDON, Nov. z7, 6.3o a.m. On Wednesday last, the day before yesterday, the British sustained a re verse between Estcourt :and Colenso that resulted in the almost complete destruction' of an arnnmored train and the loss of somewhere between 5o and zoo men. On that day an armoured train left Estcourt on a reconnoitri'g expedition towards Colenso; in consequence of the recent reports about the presence of Boer, troops on the ,line. On board of it Were a half company of the Royal Dublin Fusiliets, a half company of the Durban Light Infantry, aid ..ten sea men gunners with a naval seven-poun der gub. - '' -The train passed -Chievelet station all right, and proceeded some way to wards Colenso without seeing any signs to . denote the piesence , of. an ene -my. But the., enemy ..was there all the same.- Near Chieveley station a large Boer . force .lay. in ambush in a kopje, and directly the train had passed a few of them came down upon the line and loosened the rails on a. curve. They then went back to-their. ambush and awaited developments;. These came when the train reappear ed on its return journey, . The' two armoured trucks in which the troops were conveyed, anid which preceded the engine, were derailed, and an explosion of some dynamite on one of-them upset them both ?in .a shattered state upon and beside the line. ..The engine and tender fortunately did' not leave the lirine, though their forward progress was for the time effectually blocked by the fallen trucks. Directly the accident occurred the Boers concealed in., the kopje opened a heavy fire on the train with a Maxim gun and two,9-pounders, mbuntS ed in' three . diferent 'postictks, 'infi masked by brushwood. Meantime their sharpshooters" well under cover behind trees and boilders, also poured in a hail of' bullets. In the' face of this deadly fire the trotps, or such of them as had not been injured by the djrnamite explosi?n and "the shock of the accident, rapidly got oit of the trucks and/formed in skir mishingorder along the line, taki'id1 irantage of all the cover they could A detachment of them were told offl . clear the line, and this ,-ork'rheyvpe.r formed with true British bravery,though all the while exposed to a withering fire from the Boer artillery and rifles. Their comrades in the meantimed by their rapid and steady rifle shooting, kept the enemy at bay, though the latter far outnumbered the British, and staveil off an assault on the' train, and the men who were working like fiends to get the line .clear. . The naval 7 pounder gun, which might have prov ed of great -service, .was almost at the outset shattered by the Boer shells, as also was the dome that protected the engine. During the hot engagement many of the British fell, but the .survivors stuck manfully to their wor-. anid een tually the line was cleared of wreckage and the engine and tender slowly steamed over the loosened rails: Then came the getting awajy,a matter of some difficulty, as only a few could. 'be car ried on the tender and the Boers :how advanced under cover of a heavy fire from their artillery. Several of the wounded were pgaced in the tender, and in the accomplishment of this task Mr Winston Churchill, the war corres pondent of the "Morning Post," showed conspicuous gallantry anld risked his life freely. He perstfnalyy;.s carried several wounded and two dead Fisiliers back td.the train Finally the engine and tender steamed back into Estcourt with 15, uien of the Durban Light Infantry .oh board. Seven of the Durban men and Y5 of the Dublin Fusiliers came into Estcqurt later. Excliuding those knowin' to -~hae been killed there are estimated to..,be 50 of the British missing, amdoig themi being Mr. Winston Churchill, and it-is feared that they have all been taken prisoners by the Boers. (The Winton Leonard Spen c'r Churchill mentionid above is the eldest son of ' Lord Randolph Churchill, and was boin in 1874. He entered the army iii :;895, and served with the Spanish Iforces .ia Cuba in that year. , He then saw a lot of service in India, wita the Malakiiid Field Force in 1897, and with the Tirah Expeditionary Force as orderly'officer to Sir W. Lockhart in 1898. Attacied to the 2ast Lancers he went witi'the Ni~te Expeditionary Force in 1898, and was present at the battle of Khartbum.' Thip year, we believe, he left the armiy, prior to standing.for Parliament. LONDON, Nov. 17, 6.45 a~m. On the return of the engine and tender from'the-scene of the attack at Chieveley a Red Cross train, under the direction of Dr. Bristowe, was at once despatched from Estcourt to bring in the British wounded. The Boers, however, refused to allow the removal of any of them until Gene ral Joubert's consent had been obtained., (The above cablegram seems to be a pretty positive contradiction of the re port that General Joubertwas killed ih action on the loth inst. So' also, it may be remarked, was the intell~gence cabled only a day or two ago that Geie ral Joubert was then trying to induce the Boer commandos to make an -as sault upon Ladismith before reinforce ments could arrive.) LONDON, Nov. J7, 9.10o a.nm. Yesterday an armoured train, accom panied by a Red Cross train, were sent out to Chieveley to try and recover the wounded. The armoured -_traih brought back 13, two of them Iseverely wounded, but the Red Cross traini re turned empty. The Boers stated that they had three British. killed. and nine wounded at their laager, but these they refused to transfer t6 the trains. LONDON, Nov..i17, 6.30 a.m. Some days 'ago a Boer detective named Nathan Marks' was 'caught at Ladismith and placed under arrest. An official message has now been re ceived from Mr F. W. Reitz, the, Secretary of State for the Transvaal, saying that if Marks is harmed'in any way six of the British officers now cap tive at Pretbifia will be executed. 'This" brutal threat has sent a thrill of horror through the whole ofthe Cape. Even thie Afrikanders are shocked at it, and their leaders have denounced it in no measured terms. 