NOTES FROM THE GREENS. Br BE VP. TI1F. PEXNAXT BATCHES. The first of tlie deciding: games for the premier ship between the Melbourne and Prahran clubs was played last Saturday on the former's green at Windsor, and resulted in a decisive victory for the Prahran Club by 40 points. There was a large at tendance of ladies and gentlemen, who showed a good deal of interest in the play. The green was in excellent order, and, though the Melbourne Club were 011 their own green, which should have been an advantage, yet they were not able to cope with the excellent play of their opponents, who were all in their very best form, and were simply undeniable. Fretwell was drawn against Mackav, and, though he took a little time to get the hang of the green, when be did get it he ran com pletely away from his adversary. At the seventh end Mackay liad put up 9 to Fret well's 2, but f-outar, for Prahran, then took charge of the mat, and did not relinquish his hold thereof until the ISth end, in the meantime scoring 22 more points. Dodge oulv got it once more, on Hie 20tli end, when his side scored 2, making their total 12: but Fret well's team kept piling up t lie score, in the last 18 ends scoriug 30 points to their opponents' 3—a wonderful performance. On Xo. 2 rink. Xiven and Scales met, and a close game ended in favour of Xivcn by 4 points. In tliis rink also the Prabran play improved as the game progressed. James wa4* drawn against the veierau Sims, and won a good game by 7 points. In tiiis rink the Prahran got an early lead, and re tained it throughout, the play 011 both sides being excellent. Jones played a most remarkable game with his old club-mate Wartntann. Jones got in a fiver at ihc second end. and retaining bis advantage began to add point after |toini, till at lite 20th end the board showed—Jones 31, Wartntann 7. At this stage the Melbourne got a leg in. and put up 15 points to ni' in the last five ends, scoring a Sevetier to finish with. The scores as they appeared 011 the board Were:— '.tit End.—Prahran, 17; Melbourne, lfi. HUli End.—Prahran, 39; Melbourne, 32. i.ltli End.—Prahran. 72; Melbourne, 42. 2((tlt End.—Prahran, 09; Melbourne, 53. 25th End.—Prahran, 122; Melbourne, 73. Tite second game will be played this afternoon on the Praliian green, when, should the Prahran prove successful, the premiership shield and pen nant will become their property. Should, bow ever, the Melbourne win, another game will be played on a neutral green. THE SECOXD PEXNANT. The second and final game was plated on the Carlton green last Saturday- between the Armadale and Carlton clubs. The first match of the final series was won rather easily on 18th February on the Armadale green by the local club, but the second game resulted in a very close finish, the Armadale winning the match by 4 points, tbus ■securing the second teams' pennant, and also the trophy presented by Mr. Charles Wood, the presi dent of the Victorian Bowling Association. The Armadale have had a very successful 6eason with their second team, only losing one match, tliat to the Carlton by a single point, and scoring 741 points to 512 scored against them. Patrick kept up his winning record, tliough only one point separated he and Cook. Gordon recovered the lost point from Bradshaw, scoring 7 at the last end. Campbell, however, liad a lead of four against Pigdon, which settled the game in liis eluh's favour. The scores were—Armadale, 67; Carlton, 63. THE BRUNTOX TROPHY. The Moonec Ponds and Essendon met for die se cond time thus season for the above iropliy on Sa turday last on the Moonec Ponds green, and the Essendon were again successful in defeating their opponents. The Essendon by this victory have a splendid chance of annexing the trophy, as they have only to meet and lieat the ITcminpton on their own green in order to do so. They made a had start this season, hut hating lost the first two pennant matches have Binee carried every thing liefore them. On Saturday they lieat the Moonee Ponds by If points, scoring 03 to the Ponds 84\. Taylor was drawn against Gillett, and though the latter liad the assistance of Ovens as third man was only able to score 12 to Tat-lor's 23. Mor gan had a good even game against Bleach, hut was beaten by 1 point. Russell continued his success ful career, and heat Dyer comfortably 33 to 10. Robertson, however, for Moonec Ponds was in first class form, and was much too good tor Wearo, who only scored 15 io Robertson's 32. INTER-CU B MATCHES. The St. Kilda were at home to the M.C.C., and von a fairlv-contcsted game by 18 points. Ellis and Waugh had a great game. Ellis kept the lead for the best part of the game, hut Waugh made his effort later, and coming with a wet sail caught his opponent on the post—a dead heat. Secretary Clark had a good deal the best of his encounter with Lillio. and won by II points. C'arnoehan, however, was in jpoor form, and was Iieaten badly by Haywatd—33 to 15. Pitcher was playing his" best, and defeated Gordon, who was badly supported, by 20 polnte. ■ The Victoria were only able to mustekthree rinks to meet the Prince's-park, who won comfortably by 29 points. ^ Donaldson beat Ninnis by 0, Field, after a very close game for the first half, came with a rattle at tlie-flulslt,- and beat Mapleston by 12 points. Fergnsson also had a lead of 8 points over Birtwislle. The totals were—Prince's-park, 87; Victoria, 58. Tire Uawtliom were at home to the Albert-park, and beat tlieni by 14. Harrison beat Slattcr easily '.by °9 points. Monro had a majority of 4 points over Ilely. Martin was one point better than Nixon, and Frnton and Williams left off level. The totals were—Hawthorn, 8i; Albert-park, 74. The Fitzroy met and decisively defeated the Row on the Fitzroy green hv 46 points. Crook had a majority of 15 over Wright M'Oregor just got home by 1 point from Jcllls. Xeedhain had 8 of a lead over Howieson, and W. fipry 35 romped over j •Rllis 13. The scores were—-Fitzroy, 116; Hew, V8. is-1 The Richmond Union visited the Collingwond j •j; green, and defeated the locals handsomely by ; ' 35 points. Hansen never gave Tolhurst a ghost, j of a show, heating him very severely—48 points .to Tolhurst's 1*2. Mitchell had a slight lead of M'Fariand. hut Rummers <191 succumbed to ■> Wardrop (271. Cuddon and Hurley had a good game, ft difference oi 2 points only separating them, in favour of the Riehmonditc. Totals— -Richmond Union, 113; Colliogwood, 77. The usual three rinks came from Dandenong sto rislt Port Melbourne, but were defeated in ; kadi rink- Raid spored 22 to Pearson's 14, Bart-. 81 to WLcati'js 16. and Newman, still in.the scoring wood. 34 to Hemmings's 13. The scopes *^|!J!e_T>ort Melbourne, 87; Handenong, 45. The MlbrtpStown fourrieyed to North" Fitzroy to play -^" rd-urn nvateh with the locals, and succeeded Elgilning the .victory, mainly through the SwmnUB-fiCore nut together by Ilieks'a rink at He ecored 61 to Jeffries' majority of. 10 over Bradley, \- * | by a dozen, and Jantieson g(pst! -Morell, but ■ Jeffrics's r tOo;n\any for any hope : * jwew—WilUamstown, m%t*4ioine to -Carlton, hut borrow ir #er managed to I Victory by <he i,pd lEUliams Tatter "in - a of 1 over Montgomerie. The scores were—West Melbourne, 01; Carlton, 56. THE CHAMPION OF CHAMPIONS TROPHY. Play for Mr. Xcedham's prize was continued on the Fitzroy preen on Tuesday and Wednesday, and sonic very interesting contests took place. Chock ford (P.M.), 31, beat Lewis (M.), 26; Ward (W.M.) and Field (P.P.) played a splendid panic, both players being in their vciv best form. Ward, however, had slightly Tlic advantage, and won by nine points. Pigdon (Car.) played an excellent game against Cooper (S.M.), and was only beaten by four points. Niven (P.) beat Stevenson (K.) very comfortably, as also did Hurley (Coll.) Fin eh;im (Arm.). The next draw will be played on the Fitzroy green on Wednesday next, the 15th insb, as follows:—Crockford v. Hurley, Niven v. Cooper, Ward a bye. COMPLIMENTARY SOCIAL TO MR. CIIAS. WOOD. On Thursday evening a very representative gathering of bowlers was held at the I'nion Club Hotel, to bid farewell to the president of the Victorian Bowling Association, Mr. Charles Wood, who is making a trip to the old country. The gathering look the form of a smoke-night, and about 150 players were present. Mr. Bald, of the Port Mel bourne Club, one of the vice-presidents of the as sociation, was in the chair. The chairman pro posed the health of the guest of the evening, and presented him, on behalf of the different eliilw, with a very liandsbmc tea and coffee service, on a silver salver. The toast was received and drunk with great enthusiasm, and was supported by Messrs. Mark Moss, Reunie, and A. A it ken, and by Mr. Phil Glcnister, on behalf of the New South Wales association. Mr. Wood, in responding, thanked the company very heartily for the enthusiastic manner in which the toast of his health was drunk, and incident ally mentioned that the president of the New South Wales association, Alderman Jno. Young, would also be in England, and it was the inten tion of the two presidents, in conjunction with Major Wordill, who was accompanying the Aus tralian Eleven, and who is also an enthusiastic bonier, to make inquiries, and see if it was pos sible to arrange for the visit of an Australian team of bowlers, and a return visit bv a British team. MISCELLANEOUS NOTES. The annual bowling carnival which is held by the Moonee Ponds club, generally on the Queen's Birthday, will ibis year be held" in Easter week, the sanction of the Victorian Bowling Association having been secured for the change. This year it will take the form of a "Pair Tournament," for which liberal prizes are offered. There will also be the usual bowling sports on Easter Mon day. Entries for the Pair Tournament must be lodged with Mr. Oillclt at tlic National Bank, Moonee Ponds, on or before the 22nd inst. j The M.C.C. having no match arranged for this afternoon, the secretary lias arranged to hold a tournament amongst their playing members. A trophy for the winner of each of the following 1 items will be given, and, as a large number of i entries have already l>een received, an enjoyable j afternoon's sport should result:—Training, guard- ' ing. driving, skittles, and drawing the shot. i Rink games appear to be the order of the day at Ballarat. There is at present a rink champion ship )>cing competed for between the members of the Bailarat clutis, and the fourth draw finds six teams left in. The draw is as follows:—dago v. Williams, on Ballarat green; Taylor v. Bain, on Central green: Smith v. Brown, on City green; Jago and Williams played their match on Friday of last week, when, after a fine contest, Jago sue- j ceeded in defeating ins redoutable antagonist by ! three points. j The Ballarat Central Clubs purpose sending a team to Sydney during the Easter holidays to play I a series of matches with the Sydney clubs. Whilst j there it is their intention to* amalgamate with . the M.C.C., and play a match of six rinks against a picked New South Wales team. The trip of the two clubs should be most enjoyable. The pennant match, Bendigo v. Kvneton, was played on Wednesday, at the Cpper reserve, and resulted in a win for the local team by 3 points; the scores being Bendigo, 70; Kvneton, 73. In connection with Uie match to be played by the Victorian Bowling Association against the North-Westem Association, at Kynelon, on the 17th inst., the members of the metropolitan team will 1« received by the up-country players at Kvneton on the arrival of the midday train. The teams will be entertained at dinner after the mutch. INTERCOLONIAL. The pennant matches in Sydney are played in one section, and the results so far give the Vic toria-park a lead, baring won seven raatclies with out having sustained a loss. The Redfcrn are their closest attendant, having won six and lo6t one; the City, Petersham, and Waverley follow ing up with five wins to their credit. 