, . - 7 Universal OateohSsm:. A new cateoliism, .says_ a. London, paper, will be made public property8 next . Thursday,. January 5- _ Some' interesting details respecting it are1 communicated by Mr. Hugh Prico. Hughes to the January number of the "Contemporary "Review-." Its-- basis was a draft prepared by Dr. Dykes, who, when he first brought it to its projectors — the Catechism. Com mittee of tho National Counoil of Evangelical Eree Churches of England and "Wales — was told by Mr.' Hughes " that he had undertaken to attempt' what no man in Europe had under- taken to attempt for 300 years." Mr. Hughes was talking in round numbers, seeing that the catechism of the West-', minster Assembly of Divines was presented to Parliament in 1647 and 1648, and it is a common-place of the- cyclopaedia that catechisms without number had been issued by Puritan divines in England between 1600 and 1645\. However, Dr. Dykcs's draft has proved the successful basis of a cate chism upon which " tho kinsmon and tho spokesmen ofnotless than 80,000,000 of evangelical Christians, almost all of whom aro citizens of tho most progres sive and. powerful nations in tho modern world" have been ahlo to agree. Mr. Hughes refers to " tlio inspiring signi ficance of tho fact that tho time has actually como when Presbyterians, Con- grcgationalists, Baptists, and Methodists can sit round a table and deliberately agrco to a common statement of faith in relation to every doctrine of fundamental importance." Every question and ovory. answer in tho now Catechism has been finally adopted, wo learn, without a dissentient' vote. The Final Committee of Revision, whioh attained to such unwonted har mony among doctors of divinity, deserve to havo their names placed on record. The Congregationalistswere represented- by tho Revs. Dr. Berry, Dr. Maokonnal, Dr. Guinness Bogcrs, and Dr. G. S. Barrett, with Mr. Vernon Bartlet, lecturer in Church History, Mansfield College, Oxford. The Wesloyan Metho dist members were tho Revs. J. S. Banks, Dr. Beet, Dr. W. T. Davison, G. G. Findlay, and Hugh Prico Hnglies. Tho Baptists'wore tho Bovs. Drs. Clif- ord and Vincent Tvmms, and Principal G. P. Gould, of Bogent's Park College. Tho Primitive Methodists were the Rev.- H. B. Kendall and Mr. A. S. Peake, professor of Biblical theology at the Primitive Methodist College, Man chester. The Presbyterians were Dr. Dykes and Dr. Monro Gibson. There were also on the committee the Rev. Dr. W. J. Townscnd, of the Methodist New Connexion, tho Rev. F. W. Bourne, Bible Christian, and tho Rev. Dr. Brook, of tho United Methodist Free Church. The total number of principal answers in the new Catechism is restricted to 52 — ono for every week in the year. In its first section it follows tho Nicene Creed, tho second section definitely construes tho Ten Commandments in their Christian sense, the third section refers to the Lord's Prayer ; and, finally, there is the doctrine of " tho church" and tho " last things." Tho definition of " The Holy Catholic Church" is this : " It is that holy society of bcliovers in Christ Jesus which He founded, of which Ho is tho only bead, and in which Ho dwells by His Spirit ; so that though made up of many communions, organised in various modes, and scattered through out the world, it is yet Ono in Him." Mr. Hughes was afraid that tho rook on which tho committee would bo split and wrecked would bo the definition of baptism. He says : " they found a formula of peace in tho statement that sacrament of baptism signifies ' the washing away of sin and the now birth wrought by the Holy Ghost in all who repent aud believe,' " which he says is not an unreal, verbal compromise, but an honest statement of truth believed by all. Tho greatest difficulty of the new Catechism makers was ono which nobody would have anticipated — a de finition of the resurrection of the body which would exclude no orthodox opinion and to wliioh all could agree. But for the solution of this difficulty we must . wait for tho Catechism, as Mr. Prico Hughes leaves it untold to pique our curiosity. 