[?] HBHSBniineit |: LONDON, August 19. I.. The Dreyfus incident is still the world-wide topic. We have, therefore, pleasure In pre- I sentlng our readers with several pictures bear- r ing on the now famous affaire. Our. portrait I of Captain Dreyfus shows him in his newly- I acquired uniform. The whole of the circum- MS. stances that have caused thousands of anx- ||gj!k lous moments to France dramatically centres Sagal around a solitary scrap of paper and a waste- EBBM paper basket! This "little bit of thin paper, HV tern Into pieces," tersely observes the "Gra- jaag phlc," "when joined up, meant— or seemed to Sy mean— that there was a dangerous traitor to 9 France." Suspicion was the gaunt ghost 9 that haunted the bosoms of a section of mlll- H tary Frenchmen, and . they gave themselves & no rest until they ran somebody to earth. a Alfred Dreyfus was the chosen scapegoat, | and, so slowly has the wheel of Justice gone I round,' It has taken close on five years to af- I ford him and his friends an opportunity of I proving his Innocence. I . Tragic indeed are the details that led to the I arrest of Dreyfus. , In September, 1894, one of | the spies of the Intelligence Department of I the French War Office brought his employers I a document, torn into pieces, said to have I been stolen from the German Embassy, |- where, nt that time, Colonel voh Schwartz- I koppen was the Military Attache. The docu- I ment was carefully put together by the Intel- I Ugc-nce officers, and was shown to,, the chiefs, I General 'Mercier, Minister of War; General de Bolsdeffre, the chief, and General Gonse, the assistant chief of the Headquarters Staff. At the head of the Intelligence Department was L Colonel Sandherr, and among his assistant B| officers was Commandant Henry. On the' staff 91 were three officers: Eicquart, Du Paty de \ Clam, and Dreyfus. Put together the docu ment read: — Without news Indicating that you wish to I see me,. I am sending you, nevertheless, Blr, I some Interesting information: I 1. A note on the hydraulic break of the 120 | and on the way in which this piece behaved. 2\. A note on the covering troop (troupes de couverture). Some modifications will be en tailed by the new plan. 3\. A note on a modification In artillery for mations. 4\. A note relative to Madagascar. D. The project for a' firing, manual for field artillery. March 14, 1894. This last document Is extremely difficult to procure, and 1 can only have It at my dls- . posal for a very few days. The Minister of : .War has sent a limited number of copies to / 1 the several corps, and these corps are rospon- Bible for It; each officer Is to send Ills copy back after, the manoeuvres. If, therefore, you will take from it what Interests you and hold it afterwards nt my disposal, I will take . ' It, unless you should desire that 1 should have it copied In extenso anil then send you the copy. I am about to go to the manoeuvres. , Unhappily Dieyfus comes of a Jewish stock, ' and to this fact not a small share of the 1 scandal mufit be attributed. We must hark back nearly thirty years to explain. Pro fiting by the disaster of the Franco-German /war, the Algerian Berbers arid Arabs tried to rise against their French masters. The colleague of Gambetta, who, it must be re membered, was a Jew, endeavoured to strengthen French Influence in the colony by enfranchising the Algerian Jews, other foreigners and Arabs being left out In the cold. The effect of this arrangement in one of her largest colonies was not felt in France to any extent for some years, until M. Edouard Drumont and later the alliance with Russia gave it Increased momentum. It . was to the zealous Anti-Semite Drumont ' that the news came that a traitor had been found amougst the officers of the General Staff at the Ministry for War, and that the traitor was a Jew, The correspondent hin ted that search should be made among "the i Dreyfuses, the Mayers, and the Levys." . On ' the last day of October, 1894, M. Papillaud received a letter giving the name of Captain Dreyfus as being the culprit, and stating that he had been 4n the Cherche Midi Prison since October 16th. Dreyfus was accused of hav ing sold documents to Germany. It came out that the arrest had been made by Colonel du Paty de Clam, acting under the orders of General Mercier. i On November 1st a Cabinet Council was | held, at which General Mercier said that he had advised the Military Governor of Paris to . Inquire Into the case. On the' very next day Jhe French Government dared to perform a j deed of which no one with the least love of ; fair play could feel proud. Colonel Panlz- ' zardl, the Italian Military Attache In Paris,- had been freely spoken of as being Implicated .in the treachery of Dreyfus, Italy, as well as Germany, being one of the bugbears of the . ; French. On the day named the French Go- Vernment intercepted a telegram from Fanlz- I ' zardl to his Government, begging that If they ' had no relations with Dreyfus the Italian 'Ambassador In Paris. might be In structed to publish a denial In order . to avoid remarks In the press. The 1 telegram was suppressed from Dreyfus and his counsel by order of General Mercier, arid only came to light when the movement for revision was well advanced. We have not space to allude to the numerous desplc- , able stratagems that wero resorted to for the 1 :1 sole purpose of making out a case against \Dreyfus. On December 19 he was tried by " 'Court-Martial' Doors were closed, and no t'y K rence to documents was allowed. In the result ha was sentenced to degradation, and f: to perpetual imprisonment In a foreign dime. !:' Feeling satisfied that a\ Injustice had been : done, the friends of tlic prisoner left no stone SSb Unturned to bring the case before the notice f\>of the press and the public, not only of France, but of England, and other freedom- ( leving countries. The agitation for revision V \'ty«»>.M»est, and.wtis continued with un- .abated energy until success was achieved. "Dreyfus" was on everyone's tongue, and the .attempts to win justice on the part of Zola, Plcquart, and others were exemplary In the extreme. The Court of Cassation at last cumo to the rescue, and Dreyfus Is at the pre sent time being retried at Rennes. It Is too early to say what the end will be. Dreyfus may be a free man more quickly than lie an-' tlclpates, and his accusers may find them selves in a tight place more speedily than tbey lmnglnod when they orgarileed the direst conspiracy of the century. Cable advices, since received, have reported the conviction of Dreyfus, and his pardon by the French Go. vernment. , 