SUNDAY SERVICER. (Jcneial Booth addressed three meetings: in the Jubilee Exhibition Buildings on Sunday, in tlie morning the large atten dance v. Ms composed principally of soldiers of the Army. Around the galleries were bung streamers bearing the words, "South Australia deiigh Is to do honour to the Army's distinguished founder,'' '"Long live our beloved (Senovul,'"* and "Beneath the Southern Cross we affectionately greet our revered lender. " "Brigadier Clover asked the Army to give the (leneral a hearty volley when lie entered, and as the leader ascended the platform there arose from those hundreds of throats a souifelfi "Amen," and the rafters rang with the echo, it had in it all the sincerity ol a grand welcome, but it was also a .prayer of thankfulness that the beloved leader had been spared for renewed work in the Master's service. "What an clfect that hearty greeting made on the head of flic j Army. Every trace of weariness vanished from his countenance, and his face became illumined with enthusiasm., his eyes gleam-, ing with kindliness and pleasure, lie re turned the welcome with n wave of the hand, which in the comprehensiveness of its sweep extended to all bis thanks. Such an ovation as lie received would have turn ed the head ,of many men, but lie simply tjhanked them for it, and remarked, "Now for business." After announcing the first hymn, and reading the lines, he broke cut in fcivid thanksgiving for what had been granted him. Ue was too brimming over with thankfulness not to tell them tjiat last Sunday morning in Melbourne til'ty people bad come to the penitent form. One of those had travelled 150 miles to hear him. "That man," he observed, "had determined^ to find salvation before he started. No wonder he found it. Some people would not walk aeross a building for salvation, and no wonder they missed it. Fifty people on a Sunday morning. Thank God that lie was able "to save 011 Sunday morning and every day." "But," he added, "I must] not preach now; let us sing." The singing of that lirst hymn was characteristically animated and hearty, and. such a volume of sound arose as sel dom is heard in a Church, but at did not satisfy the General, lie stopped it. "You are not singing; you are looking at me. Now take a good look at me, and let's get to business again." "Yon are worthy," interjected an officer. "And so are yon all," was the response, and then the sing ing went on. The last verse brought out an effective accompaniment of -hand-clap ping,. 'and' the spirit of the Salvation Army's enthusiastic demonstrations began to work. The religious fervour was still increased by the passionate, moving, reus- i ing prayer of Commissioner Pollard, one of {lie General's staff. Jle humbly thanked the Almighty for glorious days of salvation, but in a burst, which almost became frenzy, he besought that that Sunday might be the best of all Sundays and the greatest day of salvation and cleansing in the campaign. There rvas drawn forth from the audience a roar of heartfelt ''Aniens'' which showed how moved they were. Colonel Lawley sang a solo, and then the General talked b> his soldiers, lie wanted to speak to them that morning about their own salvation. Paul's words, "1 can do all things," served as the foun dation for a stirring evangelistic deliver ance. Vet Paul, lie pointed out, could not do everything. 11c could not keep away from cantankerous, skulking creatures like Alexander, the copper smith. There were a lot of Alexanders in' Australia. Paul could not keep away from backsliders, and the latter deserted him in Home. That was what the backsliders in the Army would do. The ditliculties Paul had to deal with and his giving up of his favou rite sin were all touched upon in language which appealed to the heart, and was pointed with illustrations anu examples wlikdi bespoke the human paluie of the speaker. Jle knew the pet omissions and commissions which troubled his soldiers; hut if Paul through Jesus Christ could tear out his besetting sin, yield up as it were his right eye aiid his light hand, and give himself to the Master, so could they all. The General spoke of the difficulties of those engaged in the malt and spirit trade. One fine fellow find refused to come to the penitent form because be was employed in a distilleiy, and having, a. wife and family could not give up his position, which he would have to do if he joined the Army. _ "Quite rigid," said General Booth. "Wc can't save people in the whisky business. They, must go to the Presbyterians. We can do many things, but weean'.t do all things." His audience listened to every word in almost breathless silence, but broke out now and then with volleys and ap plause. Paul had power to keep on all the time, the General said. Thill was the best of all. How many of them had stalled with the Army and had dropped behind? Many of them had had beautiful starts again and again, but they went astray. There was a great de maud in the commercial, engineering, and military worlds for more pmver, but all he wanted for the Army was more power to save souls. The power they wanted was Jesus Christ, for without llim they oould do nothing. He closed .with a powerful ex hortation to them to come and feel salva tion. That was the thing. It was po use ; his talking to them. If they wanted a clean heart, free from all sin, let them i come to the penitent form, and then, liko Paul, they would he able to do all things through jeans Christ. In the afternoon the large hall was com fortably filled by several thousand people. After a hymn, a fervid prayer by Colonel Peart, Chief Secretary for Australasia, freely interrupted by earnest volleys, and a solo by Colonel Lawley, the General de livered an address. lie took for his text the story of Ananias and Sapphire. lie said it- was the outcome of a broken vow. There were successors of those two in these days. Salvai ion was a compact in which God promised salvation and tne man agreed to do certain things. He described the life of a man who yielded himself to the Al mighty and received salvation. Later on he fell in with some backslidden Christian or a half-saved Salvationist, who, persuaded him that lie could getj to Heaven without being s.» red hot,' and the Christian drew back .some of the things he had promised and took back part of the price. It was just as wicked to lie to God as it. was to lie to num. People who would not dream of breaking a promise to man would not hi-rujile to break a vow to God. They could dodge their friends, relations, and credi tors, but it was a different thing to try to dodge the Almighty. Once (hey started on the downward track their rate of retro gression gradually quickened. livery week made it more difficult , to stop, but tliev could stop that afternoon, ami the Army would help theui. People lied to, God when they professed salvation which they did not possess, and when they professed to be saved when they had backslidden, and they m.'ule those statements knowing they lied. He wondered at the forbearance and pa tience of God over broken promises. Ana nias and Sapphire had died from a visita tion of God, and if they knew (lie true his tory of those who rested in the cemetery haw many had died from a visitation of Cod in consequence of broken promises? There had never been such beautiful build ings erected for Churches, and never sueii music in them, as in these days, but when he asked, about- the blood and the fire and salvation he was told it was old-fashioned. People were not falling down 011 tlieir knees begging for mercy, because in many cases pastors, captains, and officers had lost the Jioly Ghost- owing to their broken promises. There was no remedy for Ananias and Sap phire, but there was a remedy now for all. I'hat. was to pay what they owed. Pay the price, and if thev could not pay the price they promised God would settle the account if they gave, all they had left. In the evening the Exhibition Building was crowded to the doors, and with one accord the people rose, waved their handkerchiefs, shouted thanksgiving and greetings in one triumphant volley as the General ascended the platform. Com mandant Booth conducted the opening ser vices. Colonel Lawley rendered a solo. General Booth said lie was talking to some of them for the last time. "When lie came to bis-last Sunday evening's sermon he was ui: -.ions what to say so that he would reach them. He had preached two excellent ser mons that day. Excellent because they were true, and had brought many to the penitent form. He based his remarks on .Jeremiah xii. 5, and delivered an earnest address, lie asked if they could not Dear the troubles they now experienced what would thev do when they reached the River .Ionian? There was only one way in which they could face death without fear. •General 'Booth, the distinguished fi.uutler fiie! leader of the Salvation Army, addiess oii crowded public meetings in the Ade laide Town Hall 011 Monday afternoon and evening. These gatherings were remark able for the enthusiasm of the soldiers ar rayed under, the veteran's banner, and for the intense spiritual fervour which c-liai'.K* tcri/ed the proceedings throughout. , 