CHAPXiilt XXXVIII. ^ honour of Alickoy his mother reed ii I thc f in f—chill j f o r 11 c s s I cravrin'' - should be I UHti stead of the j mere com f ortuble I hall. The | th r ( sat I round the fir.? af terBrianna bad left, and made spasmodic attempts at conversation. TLey had heard nothing of the scene in the dining room, and Mickey's inessa ge to Brianua hnu cor veyedno special uieanin'-: to anyonerxccptI\dy. She looked keenly at Lorrimer. and noticed signs of disturbance on his face. Mickey had drawn a chair up beside his mother, and was listening patiently to her affectionate tattle. His eyes were lixed on the fire. That mask of iron stillness still seemed to hold his features in its expressionless calm. H:3 cars , were strained for the sound of a closing door, i for the echo of the light step that had once ! made his life's music. ! How had this awful thing come to pass? How had she been brought to accept this man's love ? "Was it for sake of ambition, for wealth, for future fame, for any of the incom prehensible reasons that make women soil themselves into bondage? Underlying bis outward calm raged the fires of fierce jealousy. It was less pain that he had lost her thua that this man should have won her. His Latent distrust of him increased tenfold in hi* absence. Olive's visit to him in Paris had been unwelcome, and Dr. Cbapuye baa hinted that he was in that city for no very good pur pose. Still, it was a purpose that detained him three months from Brianna's sido. Yet ' now this was the outcome of it. An increase j of liia strange powers, a wider field of develop ; meat for his fiendish knowledge. As ho eat there in his home that this man had, in a way, restored to him, he felt ho had behaved like the savage his enemy had called him; that the traditions of his ancestry had no root in his nature: that only the brute instinct had recognised a rival and thirsted for his destruction. " What makes you so low-spirited, Mickey, darling?" asked bis mother at last. "Is it in love you aro with some of those French ladies you've been meeting ? Don't be bringing a foreign- daughter to ray arras, if you love me, Mickey. Their country can't he ray country, nor thexr ways my ways. But, indeed, we s:em all in ihe dumps together. Perhaps it's the room. I hate this room. I always "aid. It's full of ghosts. There's a story of a lady who haunts the castle and walks through hero at mid night with her throat cut and tha blood trickling down her white gown. Mighty uncomfortable, I thould say. And how the blood can be flowing still when she was murdered a hundred years ago puzzlt»3 me. But then ghosts always were contrary creatures. They won't do anything that's comfortable or rational. Where's Brianna all this time? And Mr. CUve, too? Surely he's proposing to her, for what c-Iso would they be talking about so loug?" Mickcv sprang suddenly to bis feet. "Now, mother," ho said, "yon invited that man here as your guest. Circumstances render it impossible that he should stay on as mine. Ho is leaving Croom to-night, if, ! indeed, ho has not left already." : "Bur, Mickey," she gasped. •'what's the meaning of it ? Why, you wouldn't turn a do? out on such a night." "Perhaps not," he said. "There are dogs far nobler than many men." "Haveyou quarrelled?" "Never mind. I can answer no questions. He recognises the impossibility of staying under my roof. No moro need be said." " Indeed, that's very well for you, but it doesn't satisfy me at all. 3fr. Olive and I were great friends, and lie amuses me mere than anybody. What's he done to be treated in this uncivil fashion? And, indeed, Mickey, it's very strange conduct on your part I must say, and not the way a gentleman should act at all; leaving alone an Irish gentleman, who, as your poor, father used to j say, is the model of courtesy all the world! over." " You'll drive me mad, mother," exclaimed 3I:ckey. "Once for all, I'm master here, and I mean to show myself so. This cowardly villain has insulted Brianna. I have avenged that insult in my own fashion. No more need be said." "But sure, isn't Brianna with hira now?" The loud reverberating clang of the great door rang suddenly through the house. Some one had evidently pusse-d through, closing i: violently. " Is that bim—gone? And I never to say goodbye?" exclaimed Lady Skibbercen, at:d she rushed impetuously into the hall. No one was there. Mickey followed her, and laid his hand on hpr arm. " Go up to Briauna'a room," ho said, sternly. "See if she's there. And fc? God's sake don't worry her with questions! Gome back and let me know. I'll wait here." Awed by his look and tone she went silently np the stairs. He stood by the fireplace look* ing down Into the heart of the dull red embers. His face had the calm of death, bufc not its painlessness. It seemed a long time before Lady Skib bcieen returned. " She won't let me in. She was crying; I ac-ard her. Bat uothing would induce her to open the door." Mickey raised hisnead. "Crying? Well, what of if? Women cry for so little." Yet the ache in his heart took the sharpness of a new pain as he turned silently away. "Indeed, it's a perfect Castle of Otranto with mysteries and quarrels, and one thing1 and another," exclaimed his mother, as she watched him move slowly down the hall, .ill his movements were slow now. Acertaia mechanical effort seemed to direct them. All physical energy was gone. She made one of her impetuous swoops in the direction of the drawing-room. "Come out, all of you!" she said. " We've had enough of ghosts and gloom and horrors. Let's make up the fire and sir in the hall and give ceremony the go- by ! It doesn't seem to agree with any of us. Here, I'll ring for Murphy, and he shall ring up the punch-bowl and we'll brew it ourselves and forget our,troubles. Indeed, if I'd thought Mickey's homecoming was to be like this I'd have as lief had hira postpone it. What's come to the men ? I'm sure I don't know 1 Look even at Mr. Lorrimer I His face is as gloomy as a churchyard." Phil and Lady Farningham rose with alacrity. The evening had certainly been most depressing, and Lorrimer was a perfect wet blanket overlying that depression. To exchange the stiff, gloomy drawing-room for the warm and familiar hall was a welcome relief. Equally welcome was the entrance of the footman with big silver bowl and tray of glasses, lemons, and spirits neces- ary for tho "brew," on whose manufacture their hostess specially prided herself. "Now, where's that boy of mine gone?'* she exclaimed, as she began to ladle out tho steaming beverage into the waiting tumblers. " Did anyone ever know the like of him? If these are all the manners he learnt in Paris, it's sorry I am he ever went there." " And where's Brianna ?" exclaimed Ray. "Don't tell me she has eloped with Clive." " No, I can answer for th it. She's in her room; suffering from lowness of spirits, too. But, indeed, I'm forgetting about her accident in the storm. No wonder she's a little bit "That was a horrid bruise oil her fore head,'* said Phil, suddenly. "I bad to do her hair for her, and she complained of the pain. It diau't show much because I cut one lock of hair to cover it. It only made her look prettier!" " Yes, indeed. She's a rare beauty, is Brianca," exclaimed Lady Skibbcreen, "and as gcod and honest a girl as ever drew breath. I'm as fond of her as if she was me own child. Only I wish she wouldn't be so mysterious with herself. Mr. Lorrimer, do go and find Mickey, will you ? Tell hira he's entirely neglecting the duties of hospitality, and we'ro all ashamed of him I" Lorrimer, nothing loth, put down his glass and left. He found Mickey in the library. He urns standing in the middle ot the room, his eyes fixed on vacancy. He started visibly as Lorrimer' entered. "I've been scut to fetch yon. They are all in the hall " He paused and glanced round. " Has he gone—really ?" "Yes. I wonder what happenedV "You've not seen Briannar" "No, but I mu*t. Things cannot rest as they are. Perhaps to-morrow " Ho put his hand to his forehead in a vagus uncertain way. Lorrimer sank into a chair. For the moment his errand wjis forgotten. "Tell me," said Mickey, hoarsely, "what the scene this afternoon conveyed to you." " You mean when ho brought her home?" "Yes." Lorrimer averted hi3 eyes. A spasm ol pain shot across his usually impassive face. "I think," ho said in a low even tone, "you stand to her iu place of guardian by virtue of all you have done for her in the past. Ask her—what happened." Mickey said nothing. Only he seated him self by the table and covered liis eyes with his hands. Lorrimer glancing up at last saw that his teeth had clenched on his lower lip as if they would bite it through. "No," ho said hoarselv, and his hand fell and struck the table as if in utter helpless ness, "I can't do that. She—she must speak herself." Lorrimer rose and began to pace the room with restless strides. "It seems impossible that she can mean to marry him," he said. "Of course, I can understand his eagerness. He wants a sub ject for hypnotic experiments. She is an admirable one. By marriage he can secure her legally. The question is, who can break the spell that binds her will to his?" " Only a man she loved," said Mickey, slowly. "But does she love anyone? That Is the queati-m. I confess she has always given ma the impression that all men are alike in* different to her. Yon, who know her so well, what is your opinion ?" " I can form none. It is long since I last saw her. I know nothing of her life or what friends sho has made during that time. 14 doesn't seem very long, but time counts for so little when " His voice broke. "Yon, Lorrimer," ho said presently, "you—too. love her?" " I have been fighting against it these two years. I would not acknowledge it. I—waa afraid. It was the old story of position. My father is so proud, aud I liis only son. But X knew to-night that I Jiad bren a fro!. You remember what Clivc said : * Yon have had your chances. Let liiui keep who—wins.'" 44 But, she—she ? " repeated flicker, rest lessly. "I hare nercr said a word that could betray myself. And she has always treated m:- with the samo calm friendliness. Always paid thai for her art meant, and should be, : nil. She is so utterly unlike other women." " That has not paved her," said Mickey bitterly. " What I read in her eyes to- night told me so much. It made me long to kill the brute who has made her sutler." "What can wo do?" asked Lornmer, helplessly. 44 If he meant what he said he will marry her, even against her will. And oh, to think of the life." 44 Hush!" cried Mickey stonnuy. 44 There must he a way out of it. There shall. She must be saved from such a fate. Hunk of her. Think ox her beaut}-, her geniu her undeveloped powers. God! it's madden 44 Hark ! " cried I/orrimer. " What' that ? " It was a soft tap at the door. A voice, broken and entreating. "Mickey," it said. 44 Mickey, are you there?" He starlcd to his feet and the blood rushed in a warm torrent to his face. lie was at the doc-r ere the soft voice ceased its plaintive questioning. He threw it open, and Brianna entered. She wore still the white grown, but her long: hair was unloosed, and hung: in wavy l ipple: to her feet. Her face was colourless, and her eyes had the spent and woeful look of one weary with weeping-. When she saw- Lorrimer the started, and a iaint colour swept her cheeks. 441 wanted to sec Mickey," she faltered. "T—I am just going," £orrimerawswored ; and ho cros-ed to the door. He closed it, and went slowly away. The noise of voices in the fc;dl broke on his ears, and reminded him of an unfulfilled "I must tell them Icoulduotfind Mickey," he thought, 4 4 and then keep thcin away from —there." He looked at tho closed door of the library. As he looked ho heard the sound of a key turned in the lock. 