"A NIGHT WITH IRELAND." LECTURE BY MR. J. P. DOHENY. In our issue of last week we re ferred to a lecture delivered, under the auspices of Y. C. M. S, by Mr. J. P. Doheny. We now report as follows. The lecturer after a brief introductory passage entered thus upon his subject : — Ladies and gentlemen it must seem strange . to some of you, especially to those who have never lived in Ireland, that a people living under the same constitution which rules the colony of W est Australia, namely the British Government, should keep up an incessant agitation to sever themselves from that great Power that seems to rule, or at "least to make its influence felt, over the civilised world. The people of Eng land are known to be the greatest colonisers of modern history. They have carried civilisation into the most remote corners of the earth — they have won from the native races of these southern seas the great continent of Australasia. Does . it not seem unaccountable, then, that this great nation, having all the ele ments of success in governing other lands, should fail to impress the ' people of Ireland with any exalted . idea of its greatness, or even of its justice or fair play ; that the Irish people instead of being content to live in an integral part of the British Empire and share the spoils and the honours of that favoured nation should prefer to be allowed to legis late for themselves. To govern any country successfully there are three elements necessary. A desire to legislate in the interests of the people to be governed, a full knowledge of their wants and requirements, and the unqualified consent of the people themselves. We shall see how all these elements have, been wanting in England's treatment of Ireland. " The whole scheme of union," said Charles James Fox in 1800, " goes upon the false and abominable pre sumption that we could legislate better for the Irish than they could for themselves — -a principle founded upon the most arrogant despotism and tyranny. There is no more clear . axiom in politics than that a man is his own natural governor, and that he ought to legislate for himself. We ought not to presume to legis late for a nation in whose feelings and affections, wants and interests, opinions and prejudices, we have no sympathy." The English Parliament though of late years it has made gallant attempts, has never fully understood the wants of Ireland, and the result of its misgovernment can be seen by the most casual observer. A pack of wolves breaking into a fold can be traced by the blood they leave behind. England's treatment of Ireland can be seen in the tracks of blood and tears all over the land. It is estimated that the land of Ireland could produce sufficient to maintain 40 millions of people. Yet what do we find? Ireland's popula tion is decreasing at the rate of a million every 10 years since '47. Alluding to this, Speranza, the gifted poetess of the Nation , cries out : — A million a decade ! What does it mean ? A. Nation dying of inner decay — A churchyard's silence where life has been The base of the pyramid crumbling away, A drift of men gone over the sea, A drift of the dead where men should be. You will ask what cruel laws have driven these people to every corner of the habitable globe. Why do they fly from a land blessed with the choicest gifts of heaven, from a climate Soft as a mother's smile, fruitful as God's love ? Why do' they leave a land where their wants are so few, where they could be content with so little? a crust of bread, a meal of- potatoes, was all they asked. Yet they were denied even these and they died in the ditches in hundreds and thousands, and the Government looked on and assisted the landlords to exterminate their poor suffering serfs and blot out from the face of the earth the rooftrees of our race. Were these people anxious to go for the sake of mere adventure, for the sake cf accumulating wealth in a foreign country? Leaving a land where for centuries education had been a crime, they were ill-fitted to compete in the race for success in a new country. Ah ! my friends if you could witness as I did the scenes at any of the railway stations in Ire land you could scarcely ask the question. Were these people leaving of their own free will ? No, every emigrant took with him a broken heart— a heart from which the light of hope had fled. They would fain stop, but the edict had gone forth that they must make room for sheep and cattle, that the places they oc cupied could be more profitably used in fattening cattle for the English market. No, they would fain stop, at home for there is no spot on earth where home, means so much as it does to the peasantry of Ireland. Their hearts are centred in the little spot where, they first saw the light, Where they learned to lisp the first prayer at their mother's knee. In speaking of the love of Ireland's children for their native land, -Wm. O'Brien says " The passion of patriotism is blent with jvhatever is ennobling and wells. And even then they would not have stilled the voice of Ireland's past ; for in a country where every green hillside has been a battlefield, and almost every sod beneath our feet a soldier's sepulchre, the very ghosts would rise up as witnesses through the penal darkness, and to the Irish imagination the voices of the night winds would come, laden with the memories of wrongs unavenged, of a strife unfinished, and of a hope which only brightened in sufferings, and which no human weapon could subdue." This is . rather a long quotation, but the beauty of the idea it expresses, is my only excuse. Yes, the Irish people love their native land all the more for her sufferings, and in no matter what land their lot is cast that green little isle on the verge of the Western ocean con tains, their hearts best affections. I . fear that any attempt of mine to de scribe the scenery of Ireland would be a vain one. There would be something wanting in any picture that could be dra wn of the beauties of . its scenery. Perhaps had the country been only half so fair, the invader when he came would not have made such a desperate struggle to possess it. To an Irishrnon there is no land like Ireland. There his heart expands more ful'r to the genial influences of the County of Wicklow and gaze on the beautiful scenery of the " Garden of Ireland," immortalised by Moore ! Above the gloomy lake of Glenda- lough up among the " beetling rocks " you see the bed where St. Kevin stole to sleep to avoid the glances — " the unholy eyes of blue " of the ill-fated Kathleen. And they say the ghost of Kathleen still haunts the fatal lake, and from the ruins of the Seven Churches comes the most wierd and melancholy music. Go into the neigbouring County of Wex ford, you are reminded of the deeds-of bravery of Ireland's bravest sons ; or into the County Carlo w where St. Molaise and the monks of old built those famous seats of learning and piety at a time when crowds thronged to the Irish villages in search of. knowledge, and when Ireland was the " lamp of Europe." Go'up into the Cou'nty Meath and if you wish to contemplate Ireland's departed glory you will be shown the Hill of Tarn- — the seat of Ireland's Kings. The scene of Patrick's triumphs when he came with the light of Christianity to pagan Ireland. Follow the course of the lordly Shannon, as it waters the verdant meadows on its way — until it joins the big Atlantic Ocean. It will take you just past the walls of Limerick where the women fcught divine in our being, with all that is tenderest in our associations, and most inspiring in the longings of our. hearts. It dawns upon us as sweetly as the memory of the first gaze of a' mother's loving eyes. It is the whispered piety, of 'bur cradles. It is the song that is sung-by every brook that gurgles by us, for every brook has been in its- day crimsoned with the blood of heroes; It- is the wierd: voice we-hear from - every graveyard i where' our fathers are sleeping-, for every graveyard contains the bones of uncanonised saints: and martyrs. When the framers of the penal laws denied uS books and drew their thick black veil over . Irish' history, they forgot that the ruinsrthey had them selves made were the most eloquent schoolmasters, the most - stupendous memorials of a history and a race- that was fated not to die. They might give our flesh to the sword and our fields to the spoiler, but before they could blot out ; the traces of their crimes they would' Mve to uproot the majestic shrines at which the old race worshipped ; they would have had to demolish to their last stone the castles which lay like wounded giants- over the land to show where the fight had raged the fiercest ; they would have to level the pillar towers and seal up the sources of the holy home. He grows up amidst sur roundings that lend the charm of poetry to his youthful, imagination. Every glen he crosses at nightfall has some legend that appeals to his Celtic nature. If he lingers beside an Irish lake he can see the buried cities and the round towers of other days re flected in its waters. If he stands beneath the shadow of one of the ancient churches, he is reminded of the past glories of the people who created-'sucn triumphs of architecture. Turn where be will through the length and breadth of- Ireland an Irishman finds some spot made dear by association with the past, some trace of foreign oppression which only helps to endear to him all the more the soil that drank the blood of an Irish' hero, making a stand for home and - freedom. The holy wells are still as eagerly sought by the people as in the days when St. Patrick and bis- disciples consecrated the whole., land to piety and: learning. On certain festivals throughout the year the faithful band of pilgrims may still be seen winding their way to some holy well or ruined shrine, kneeling down on the carpet of green and lifting up their voices in prayer to God, either for their own spiritual wants or for the peace and prosperity of their un fortunate, stricken land. Go into shoulder to shoulder with their hus bands and brothers to save their homes from the attacks of Williams' army, and the treaty stone, the memorial of England's broken faith. ' Or take a trip into the County Kerry to the beautiful lakes at Killarney. There is a saying, " See Venice and die," it should be, " See Killarney and die." The boat takes you across from Ross Castle to the fairy island of lnnisfallen and as the sun comes shining through the adjoining trees and dances along, the water barely rippled by the breeze you would imagine you had at last reached a spot tli it must surely be a miniature of heaven. The Tore mountains look down from their majestic height on the waters below, and every object around you seems to have a history and a legend of its own. I am sorry I" can only just barely touch 011 the- scenery here and there. To give any-idea of Irish scenery \ould requires a separate lecture; Biit I hope I' have said Sufficient to prove that the people of Ireland could scarcely be expected to surrender their rights to possess this fair land in peace without a struggle for freedom. (To .be. continued.) Mr. J. A. Patterson has been appointed a. justice of the peaee for the Murehison dis trict. VIEW OF BAYLEY STREET, COOLGAKDIE, FROM THE EXHIBITION. 