Ghost Stories. Hackwood, Park, Lord Bolton's place near Ba- singstoke, in Hampshire, is said to have a ghost In the form of a woman in grey, who, brilliantly illuminated by some, supernatural light, appears at dead of night in certain rooms. Merton Hall, Lord Walsingham's beautiful Elizabethan place In Norfolk, is haunted by the tiny figures of the Babes In the Wood, whose melancholy end took place in one of the woods near. They are sup- posed to be met walking hand in hand down the picture gallery, or flitting about the upper rooms, one of which still bears the name of "The Babes' Parlor." Until comparatively recently guests on leaving the hall were presented with a stuffed robin by the gamekeeper as a souvenir of their visit. Littlecote House, which belonged at one time to the Darrells, has the apparition of a young woman in white, who, with streaming hair and carrying an infant in her arms, haunts certain rooms. Hampton "Court has, among others, a lady in black wearing white gloves. Chartley Castle has the ghost of a Lord Ferrers. It has also a fatal omen in the birth of a black calf to any of the white cattle, for which Chartley Park, like Chillingham, is famous. Scotland is particularly rich in old castles and mansions with ghostly inhabitants. Aboyne Castle, Lord Huntly's place, has a headless dog roaming the corridors at dusk. Fyrie Cas- tle, the magnificent castle which, after belonging for centuries to the Gordon family, was recently purchased by Mr. Forbes Leith, has a blue lady. lt has also a murder hole, from which boiling lead was poured on any unwelcome visitors who knocked, at the main entrance. Even in busy London some spectres are still thought to exist. Holland House, Lord Ilchester's splendid town residence in High-street, Kensington, has several ghostly tenants. The first Lord Holland, who was beheaded in 1648, haunts the famous gilt room, issuing forth at midnight from a door in the panelling. He walks dressed in richly em- broidered white satin, carrying his head in his hands. A weird tradition exists that whenever the mistress of Holland House is about to die, she meets an apparition of herself. The Duchess de Mayaune haunts a certain wing of St. James's Palace, when she resided in King Charles II.'s time. A house in Berkeley Square was long considered uninhabitable on account of its ghosts, and one in Montagu Square has a tiresome charity school child who creeps about its rooms. 