Shaddeck Light, BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING, Author of "The Star of De Vere," "Wed, Yet No Wife," "Lord Rory," "A Wo man's Hand," "A Wonderful Woman," "Norlne," Etc., Etc. CHAPTER Xin.— (Continued.) Two days have passed since the fun eral ; it is the afternoon of the third. Colonel Ffrench sits in his room alone at the St. Ann's Hotel. No pub- lic demonstration has yet been made, but no one sees the gathering storm more clearly 4han he. He is strongly suspected, he cannot clear himself; be fore another day a warrant may be out for his arrest; he may be lodged in the town gaol. The first shock is over, and he has braced himself to face his fate — to meet the blow. What must be, must be— he is a fatalist, more or less — if it is written, it is written. Of course, he will do what he can, but the prospect looks gloomy. He must resign his com mission, inform his friends, put- his af fairs in order, leave Charlton Place in ' the care of the lawyers and of Vera, and fight for what is dearer to him than life — his honor. Will Vera believe him guilty? That thought is the hardest to bear of all. It is a gusty, overcast evening, almost the last of the month. A fire burns in the grate, the last yellow glimmer of the frosty autumn sunshine steals in and lights his writing-table. He is bus ily writing letters, making most of the dying daylight, when there is a tap at the door. "Come in," he says, without locking up. Some one comes in, and stands silent; some of the hotel peoDle, of course. "What is it?" he asks, without turn ing round. There is a rustle of woman's garments. He turns quickly; a long, black, veiled figure stands before him — a ghost in crape and bombazine. But, despite the heavy crape veil, he knows her. "Vera!" he says, and rises in vast amaze. She throws back her veil and lays hold of the table, as if she needed sup port. She is paler than he has ever seen her— pale to the lips— and her eyes shrink and fall before his. "Sit down," he says, and places a chair; "how ill j-ou look! You are not fit to stand." She stands, however, and makes a motion to speak. She is greatly, strongly agitated, that he can see. Once, twice, she essays before the words will come. "I have heard — that you are — suspect ed of — of what has been done. I have come to say that — that I am sorry." It is with the utmost difficulty she sayslhis much. Some inward feeling moves her profoundly. But his whole face lights. "Thank Heaven!" he says; "it is like 5'ou. You do not believe it— you will not believe it. Say that!" "I do not— I will not — I never can." "Thank Heaven!" he says, deeply moved. "It is like you— it is like you. I do not care half so much liow. I am innocent, Vera; need I say it? When I left you I went straight to the sum mer-house— I was nearer you there than elsewhere. It was for the last time, and I stayed. Believe me guiltless, and it will matter little who believes me guilty. Men have suffered unjustly before — I can bear it as well as they." She makes a second effort, greater than the first. He wonders what it is I she is going to say. "I want to tell' you — I have come to tell you— that if"— a pause — "that if the an nouncement of our marriage will help you, I will announce it. I— I will stay with you— I will be your wife." The last word is a positive gasp. No words can tell the effort it costs her to say this. She turns from him as she does say it, and walks suddenly to one of the windows. It is not alone the offer itself, hard as it is to make — it is the construction he may put upon it. As the sister of the rich Mrs Fanshawe, only a week ago, she rejected with scorn and pride the offer of being his wife. As the impoverished sister of the dead Mrs Fanshawe, she comes to him — the I heir— and renews the offer herself. How . hard she has found it to come — to say this — only Vera's proud and sensitive ' heart can ever know. Let him mis understand if he will— it is all a mis- i understanding, from first to last. She j will make it if she dies in the effort to | say the words. But he does not mis- i understand, he is unutterably touched — ! moved to the very depths of his soul. "What shall . I say?" he answers, brokenly. "I cannot thank you; I have no words. It is like you — I say that again — to come to me in the darkest : hour of my life, and offer me the sacri fice of yours. But I cannot accept it. The name I give you must be a clean one, the hand I offer free from all sus picion of crime. I would, indeed, be a dastard if I accepted your heroism to help myself. I would not accept it if it could help me — but it cannot. Noth ing now but the discovery of the real criminal can do that. For all the world I would not have it known that you are my wife now — the wife of a suspected thief. No, Vera, I love you with all my heart — a hundredfold better in this hour than ever before. And for that very: love's sake . I say no. If the day ever comes when I stand clear and free, I will come to you then, and" But she turns from the window as hastily as she has turned to it, and pulls her veil once more over her face, "Say no more!" she exclaims. "Let me go. It is so warm here — I am faint" - — The words die away; hut she rallies in a moment and pushes aside the hand he holds out. "I am better— let me go." Something in her strained, unnatural tone checks the words he would speak. He goes down with her to the door, where Johnny and the phaeton wait. He helps her in, but she seems to shrink from his touch. "Good-bye," she says. "Drive fast, Johnny; it is nearly dark." "Not good-bye," he answers, cheerily; "good night. I will see you early to morrow. I have much to say." "Drive fast, Johnny," is her sole re ply. She shivers and draws her wrap closer about her. How dark it grows, how windy it is, how deathly chill! He stands in the doorway until she is out of sight, then slowly and thought fully returns to his work with a new, glad hope stirring within him that ail his gloomy prospects cannot darken. And Vera is driven rapidly home through the gusty gloaming, and ascends to her room. How still the house is— how empty, how lonely! How empty is the whole world! Every one seems to have died with Dot — life has come to an end. It is like a tomb — like the vault where they have laid her, these echoing, unoccupied rooms. . Is it a sin to wish she were dead, too? What in all the weary world is there left to live for? She is tired out, her head aches — or is it her heart? She feels numb and stricken, lost, forsaken, and full of pain. "Oh, me! oh, me!" she says, pitifully, and lays her folded arms down on the table, and her face upon them, with a long, sobbing sigh. The wind cries like a banshee about the gables, the trees rattle, stripped, bleak arms; the night falls cold and starless. And still Vera lies there long after the last light has faded, her head on her arms, as if she never cared to lift it again. CHAPTER XIV".— TRACKED. It was not quite ten the following morn ing when Colonel Ffrench presents him self at Charlton. Harriet is the first person he encounters, and Harriet is struck by the bright eagerness of his face, the happy gladness of his smile. He is more like the Captain Dick of six years ago than she has seen him yet, but for some reason the change strikes her as out of place, and she frowns it down resent fully. "Where is Miss Vera?" he asks. "Just tell her I am here, Harriet, will you, and particularly desire to see her," Harriet's brow lowers a little more, and she does not stir. He looks at her in sur prise. v "Is she not up?" he asks. Harriet does not answer. "Surely," he says, and comes suddenly nearer— "surely she is not ill?" Still Miss Hart maintains a gloomy silence. In real alarm he e peaks for the third time: "For Heaven's sake, Harriet, what is the matter? Why don't you speak? I wish to see my — my wife. Where is she?" Harriet's sealed lips slowly and grimly unclose. She may answer now — her dis mal reticence has effectually banished all the buoyancy from her visitor's look and manner. "Ay," she says, "where is she? — that is what I would like to know. Your wife! You've come to it at last, have you? It's time, too, after six years." "What do you mean?" "I mean that Miss Vera's gone — gone —went away this morning, at half-past six. Johnny drove her to the station, and .where she's went, or what she's goin' to do, the Lord knows— I don't." He falls back a step — the surprise, the blow, literally holds him dumb. "She's left a'most all her things — her fine dresses,' heaps and heaps of 'em up stairs, and look nothin but her mournin'. All her jewels and that she sent to the bank yesterday. One trunk's all she's fetched, and not the biggest, nuther. You needn't ask me questions — I don't know nuthin'. She's gone up to York first — she's friends, there, I reckon — more'a she's got here, from all I can see." Harriet shoots this Parthian shaft at the culprit, standing pale, and startled, and silent before her with a baleful glance. It is not that she likes Captain Dick less, but that she likes Miss Vera more. "She's goin' to look for work when site gets settled in her mind," she goc-r on; "that's all I know, if you was to stand star in' at me there till crack o' doom. She went to see you yes'day afternoon— if you'd cared to know, you'd orter asked her then. She'd no money, as you might a-knowed now her sister's gone, poor thing, and you've got all. I never did think much o' men folks at no time," said Harriet, bitterly; "and the more I see, the less I think." With which she goes. Nothing more is to be got from her; no note, no message has been left. He hunts up Johnny, who corroborates the housekeeper's story. He has driven Miss Vera to the station and seen her enter the train, her trunk check ed and her ticket taken for New York. Beyond that he has nothing to tell. The difference half an hour can make in a life! Colonel Ffrench walked over the road to Chariton, every pulse beating high with hope and expectation, full of intense longing to see Vera again; he walks over the road from Charlton full of consternation, regret, keen disappoint ment and dread. Has this refusal to ac- . cept her offer, her generous sacrifice yes terday, given her offence? Has she again misunderstood him? Has she thought- good heavens! can she think he does not want her? Where can she have gone? What does she mean to do? Work for her living? The thought is a blank ter ror to him. He has not the faintest idea as to who her friends in New York may be, or where he must look for her. Look for her, of course, he must, if he is not arrested before he can do it. He strides! over the ground full of passionate im patience and wrath with himself. What a stupid blunderer he is to have let her go as he did last evening— to have re fused her noble offer in that abrupt way — the offer that it cost her so much to make! He has taken it for granted that she would continue on at Charlton. The idea of her leaving, of her working, is an idea that has never once occurred to him. Of course she must be found and at once. It will not be a difficult matter to trace her in the city. He is close upon the hotel when a man— a stranger, a short, commonplace- looking person — steps up to him and touches his hat. "Ask pardon. Colonel Ffrench, i£T I ain't mistaken?" . "That is my name." "Thanky. Could I have a few minutes'' private conversation with you colonel? It's important, and I shan't keep you long." "My good fellow, no — not at present. I am in the deuce and all of a hurry. Come this afternoon— say at three. I cannot stop now." "Ask pardon, but it's your own busi ness, colonel — leastwise it's both our busi ness at present. It's about this here little job over at Charlton." Colonel Ffrench stops and stares at him. "Who are you?" he demands. "Detective Daggit, of New York. Down here on my own hook, and a-purpose to get at the bottom of this here affair. I've a word or two I'd particularly like to say, if so be you're as much interested in this matter as most folks would be in your place." "Come with me," says Colonel Ffrench; and leads the way to his room. Here he points out a chair to his visitor and seals himself squarely in front of him. "Now, then, Detective Daggit, what is it you have to say?" "Thanky, colonel," says polite Mr Dag git, wiping his already very dry moutli with his hand. "First of all, there's a reward out— offered by you— for the ap prehension of the Charlton burglar. A handsome sum— five thousand dollars" ; Colonel Ffrench nods. "Very jvell. I mean to earn that moneys B.nd I don't think it's goin' to be sech a (tough job, nuther. I've been employed by the late lamented party this some time back to keep an eye on her husband — a /very nice gentleman, indeed, but a little ;wild or so about ladies and such; and ,vhen It came out about this, here rob bery, I tackled the job at once. Now, colonel, there's them as suspect you— ask pardon — but it's like folks to do it You being next heir and that, and if you at tempt to leave this here little town, you'll be arrested — ask pardon — it ain't a plea sant tiling to say, but you will." . "X Know it," Colonel Ffrenc'n says, sen- tentiousiy. "Thh what you'd better do, colonel, is to lay by here a bit and wait, and hand the matter over to me. I've ferreted out gentlemen of this kidney before, and I'll do it again, or my name's not Daggit. I'll lay you a fifty, that I have this fellow safely under my thumb before another fortnight." Colonel Ffrench looks at him keenly, j "You suspect" he begins. "Never mind who I suspect just now. I'll make my suspicions sure before I name names. Just answer me a few ques tions first, and then I'll take myself off." He pulls out a note-book and pencil and proceeds to propound sundry ques tions. They have little .bearing on the case in hand, so far as Colonel Ffrench can see, but he answers them. Mr Dag git is rising to go when a visitor is an nounced. He enters, and proves to be Daddy. Instantly Mr Daggit's bright eyes bore two holes through him. "I've been to Shaddock Light, Cap'n Dick,'" says he, softly, shifting from one foot to the other in his usual way. "I was here last evenin' to see j ou, but you was out. Somebody's been a-stopping at Shaddeck, and forgot sutliin', and I fetched it right 'long to you." He produces, after much fumbling, a litle fiat package, wrapped in a piece of newspaper. Detective Daggit waits and watches with keen professional interest. "Why do you bring it to me?" asks Col onel Ffrench. Dady does not know why. He shifts from foot to foot, and gapes vacantly at the ceiling. He found 'em and he brought 'em — he don't know why. They might belong to Cap'n Dick, mebbe — no body else goes thar. He found 'em yes'- day; the pieces 01 paper blowod inter the rocks, the picter on the floor of Cap'n Dick's room. Thought they might be his'n, and so He stops. Colonel Ffrench has uttered a sharp exclamation of surprise. "Miss Charlton!" he exclaims. He has opened the flat package, and finds a card photograph and two or three scraps of a letter. It is the photograph of a lady; it is the face of Eleanor Charl ton. Detective Daggit pounces upon it, and looks at it over his shoulder. "An uncommon good- looking young woman," he says. "Ask pardon, but you know her, Colonel." "Know her? Yes," Colonel Ffrench answers dreamily. Eleanor Charlton's picture and true! He looks at it again; she has changed; the hair is dressed differently, she looks older, graver, more care-worn, he fancies, than as he remembers her. He looks at the back: there is the photographer's name, and the place— New Orleans— and a date in pencil. "Why, it was only 'taken two months ago," he says in surprise. He looks at the torn scraps of writing; they have been wet, and are blotter. They are fragments of a letter, but con tain little that is legible. There is a name, however, on one; "Yours ever— yours always— Ernest." "Jest step back, young man," says De tective Daggit, briskly, to Daddy; "you're a treasure, my lad, that's what you are. Now, Colonel Ffrench — ask par don for bothering you in this way, but I must ask a few more questions. Tell me all you know about this here pretty young lady. It's the clue I've wanted, as sure as I'm Daggit." Colonel Ffrench tells him how Elea nor Charlton came from New Orleans six years before, and remained a few weeks with her mother. This photograph does not belong to him; he has never seen lier; nor heard of her for the past four years. Then she was in Europe travelling with a lady. It is not much he has to tell, but Mr Daggit asks a number of adroit questions, again apparently wide of the mark. Now and" then Mr Fan shawe's name crops up, but in an off hand sort. of way. At length he rises sat isfied, and puts up his book. "I'll take that picter, and these pieces of paper," lie says, "and I'll go with you, young man, to Shaddeck Light, and have a look around. I've no doubt, from what you say the burglar took a walk there af ter he'd done the job, and kept dark there all the next day. He's dropped the picter in pulling out his handkerchief, or watch, and he's tore up the letter, and the wind blowed these scraps back, That's how." "Do you mean to say you connect the finding of this photograph in any way with" "Yes I do. I'll not tell you why, so you needn't ask. It isn't goin' to be a hard job— not half so t.oQgh as if a profes sional cracksman war in it. Lord! these amateurs are trmnSH up as easy as no- thin' at all. Go<>9 dav, colonel ; just you keep quiet here Until you hear from me again. I'm off this afternoon, but before I go I'll drop a hint in -a quarter I know sf, and there won't be any warrant got out I've my eye on the right man, and I'll have my hand on him before you're two weeks older. And once I've got him," cries Detective Daggit, his light Eyes flashing out, his wiry fist clench ing, "I'll hold him while he has a body to kick or a soul to d— Now; Daddy- rum name Daddy— let's go and get a boat." So Detective Daggit departs, and goes to work with a will. He visits Shaddeck Light, and inspects every cranny and cor ner. He visits Charlton Place, and in vestigates the late Mrs Fanshawe's bed room minutely. He even spends half an hour in Mr Fanshawe's apartment. His face beams as he bids Harriet good day, and receives her parting glare as a bene diction. oolonel Ffrench, remaining behind with -what patience he may, is compel led perforce to give up the pursuit of vera. But a week or two can make lit- tie matter; she will not leave New York so soon. Even if he found her. as things stand, what is there he can say that she will listen to? His hands' and tongue are tied until the Charlton criminal is dis covered. He will wait as patiently as may be, and trust in Providence and De tective Daggit The first, week brings him a note. D.D. is on the track: his bird is in New York; he has caught, him sUre, but doesn't mean to lay habds nn him just yet. He is go ing South — to New Orleans; D. D. means to go too. Colonel Ffrench waits in feverish im patience for a second despatch. The restraint, the suspense,- are unendurable. His longing to see Vera is becoming more than he can bear. People still whisper, but not so loudly; it is under stood that the real burglar is found, or on tk eve of being found, and that the Cuban colonel is simply wailing here until that discovery can be officially announced. The close of the second week — the middle of the third comes, and brings no letter. It does better, however; it brings Detective Daggit himself, tired, travel-stained, dusty, but triumphant. "I only waited a minute to order up a nip of brandy in the bar," he says. "You expected a letter, didn't you? I didn't write — writin' never does no good —I came. I've got my man as safe, and sure, and sound as I've got this!" He lays hold of the brandy and water brought by the attendant, and drinks exultingly. Colonel Ffrench leans for ward, pale with excitement, and waits. " 'Twas him — the one I had my eye on from the first. Oh! he's a precious lot, he is! "When he left the house with the jewels he took the shore road, and walked out to the rum little shanty you call Shaddeck Light. There he stayed in hiding all next day, and there he dropped the picter and tore up the letter. His given name's Ernest— sweet, pretty name for a burglar, ain't it? At dark, he crosses to land, walks to St. Ann's, takes the first boat he finds (one was picked up adrift a day or two after, you remember), and rows himself to Green- port. There he got on the train, and went to New York. He stayed there a day, hid the spoils, and came straight back." "Back!" "Straight back — straight as a die — to this place. Was at the funeral, and everything, as large as life. The morn ing after the funeral he left again, this time for good, taking all his traps with him — a cosy lot. No, don't ask ques tions — wait a while. He went up to New York, and the first thing he did was to shave off his whiskers — splen did whiskers— all the ladies loved 'em! 'Twas an uncommon pity, but they liad to go. I was there at the time, havin' my hair cut, and I got a lock. I reckon when the trial comes on 'twill fit that other little lock the coroner" has. Then he went south." Mr Daggit is thirsty, and lakes an other pull at the brandy and water. Colonel Ffrench waits, silently but ex citedly. "There he sold some of the jewels — taking them out of the setting, of course — some in Baltimore, some in Washington. Then he went to see the young lady, Miss Charlton. She's prin cipal of a school there, very high-toned, and fashionable, and all that. There, too, he changed his name. What does he call himself? Why, Mr Ernest Dane." Ernest Dane! Colonel Ffrench knits his brows. Ernest Dane! Where has he heard that name before? "Sounds familiar, does it? Well, it seems he's a very old lover of this Miss Charlton— been keepin' company for seven years, and In a few weeks they're to he married. There he is still, and there he'll stay until we get back, for I want you to come with me this time. You'll like to be in at the death, besides being a friend of the young lady's, and being on the spot to break it to her easy. He's all safe— no fear of that- watched night and day, and hasn't an idea anyone suspects. Lord! it's as neat a job as ever was done, and as easy." "But who is he?" Colonel Ffrench asks. "You have not told me that. An old lover of Miss Charlton's, and about to be married to her! Why, this is hor rible"! Who is the fellow?" "He calls himself Ernest Dane now, and I reckon it's his name fast enough, though he had another tacked to it when he was here. Who is he?" De tective Daggit strikes the table a blow that makes the brandy and wrater jump. "It's Mr Ernest Dane Fanshawe! It's tlie dead woman's own husband, by the eternal jingo!" (To be concluded next week.) "I married for money," said the gloomy man. "Wasn't there a woman attached to it?" asked the cynic. "Of course there was, "with increased gloom; "so much attached to it that she has never parted with a penny." 