THE TRAPPIST ORDER. DAILY LIFE IN THE MONASTERY. Discipline of the Silent Monks. If Algiers is at present a rather lawless paradise (says a writer in the "London World"),thefamousmonastery of LaTrappe de Staoueli is a paradise of peace. In winter many passing travellers come over from Algiers to visit the church, the gar den, the cloisters, the farms, and the pathetic cemetery shrouded by gigantic cypresses on the hill. But in summer, when the hot ground is purple with the bloom of the grapes and the scarlet geraniums make a glory around the foun tain in the court of the monks, there are but few visitors. And at present, besides myself, there is only one who is staying at the monastery—a French priest who is making a retreat and who appears but seldom. Really to appreciate the calm and luxuriant beauty of La Trappe in Africa you must stay there for at least one night. For it is when night falls that one realizes the 1 seclusion of this haven—at night, when the stars come up over the giant palms and guard the statue of the Virgin, and the breeze steals over the vineyards from the sea. Pierre — ex-Shah and fighter in ten African campaigns, now servant to the guests of La Trappe—gently jingles his keys as he sitB beside you in the arcade that faces the garden, accepts a cigarette, and prepares to enj'oy half an hour of leisure. As the darkness grows among the palms, and the statues turn into faint white ghosts, he tells you of his past life of action, of his weary hours in the bar racks of Senegal and of Tonquin, of the terrible forests of the interior, of his com rades left to rot m the sand under the beaks of the vultures. It is strange to hear such tales in the garden of La Trappe, secluded within the mighty wall, and yet Pier-e speaks of his violent past with regret. For is not custom everything to man P The kind monk, Father Maur, who presides over your destinies while you stay at the monastery, has spent more than twenty years at La Trappe. He loves it. The idea of battle, noise, fury, strife, comes to him like some terrible dream of a haunted night. But Pierre, who works under his gentle direction, would willingly take a running leap on to his Arab horse again and scour the desert in search of the enemies of France, risking death at every moment. As he is relating the tale of one of his comrades who, having both his legs shot off in a battle, coolly rolled a cigarette and lay bleeding—and smoking—on the sand, calmly watching the issue of the fight, the church bell sounds again. The office is over. Two or three monks glide by like shadows. Pierre rises to his feet and looks at you significantly. It is 8 o'clock. Tou understand. Bedtime. A minute later you are in your little bare bedroom. Yon hear a key grind in a lock. The monastery is closed for the night. Perhaps the rigid regime of La Trappe will sound irksome to the reader. To live under it is not irksome. Already I can sleep at 8, and rise at 5*30 without discom fort. And the quiet days glide by only too fast; for there is much to see, much to do here. Often I walk up the long cypress avenue to spend an hour in the churchyard. Gray could have written another lovely meditation here, among those wooden crosses on which are inscribed the names in religion of the dead monks. Their names in the world are unknown at La Trappe. Beyond the crosses I see the great culti vated plain, formerly a savage deBert haunted by wild beasts; I see the ever lasting vineyards; I see the great and dis tant mountains; I hear the songs of hid den Arabs working in the fields; I feel, in the wind, the presence of the sea; and it seems to me, as to many others, that it must be sweet to be put into the live earth here when one is dead, like tbe monks, hooded but not pent within the walls of any coffin. They give their bodies thus to the ground, to which they give all those hours which are not spent in prayer, in meditation and in sleep. For the life of the Trappist monk is no idle dream. He is the hardiest laborer one can imagine. As I stroll about the farms and plantations I see monks digging po tatoes, chopping wood, gathering grapes, drawing water, wheeling large barrows of vegetables, directing the laborers in the vineyard, planting, hoeing, destroying weeds, trimming flower-beds, toiling in the distillery, carpentering, bottling wine— doing a thousand things. Generally they are clad in sober brown or white habits with hoods, stout boots and big straw hats. But sometimes, when their labors are very menial, they cover themselves up in a sort of loose blouse such as a butcher might wear. In this they are unrecognizable. A day or two ago I was on the farm Watching a herd of little black pigs fighting over their food, when a young laborer came up and began to talk—about pigs, naturally. He told me that he looked after them, and invited me to make a tour of the piggeries. The conversation slipped from the subject of pigs to that of bulls, and from bulls to bullfights. Thinking the young man was a Spanish workman — half the world is Spanish at La Trappe de Staoueli—I drew out my cigarette case and offered him a cigarette. He refused it gently, saying r " It is forbidden; I have not smoked, I have not been outside these walls for fifteen years." And, turning up his blouse with a smile he showed me his monkish habit underneath. I learned afterward that he and his father had been monks together at La Trappe. The Father is buried now in the cemetery and the son presides over the destinies of the Trappist pigs. It is a mistake to believe, as many people do believe, that the Trappists never speak. Some of them may speak at certain times and in certain places with strangers. They may speak in order to give directions to the workmen in the fields and about the farms. But within the monastery and among themselves they preserve continual silence. You never see monks talking together. At present there are about eighty monks, one of whom is English. 