THE SPOTTER'S WARNING,: nr ronsxs w: enarrwv. Aqueer, white facee,ghastly as death. glared in at the window of Carl danmeg's shanty. Carl looked up from his boak instinctively. He had heard no sound,- bt he felt the pre, nrace and ihet then the'mobn"oke'keclear from behind a ~iod and he saw the ghastly face dis tinctly. - ":ISy God! Howr horrible!" he cried ikvol antarily.'and the, as the face disappenred as suddenly as.it" ease; he caught his hat from the peg by the door. and rushed aout after it.. Carl had bean at Little Gleh'only a short time, but even a trifling may was long enough to learn the story of that ghastly apparition. .-;A miner's daughtcr had hbeen cruelly murdered herein the Gulch yearne ego. and on every guaty, moonlight night her face ewas seen at come shanty window, and here Carl paused in his hur ried raas, for he remembered the nd of the tra dition. "To aee that face means death or trouble,". heewhiepead in the darknres, and then he grasped his stout stick tighter. "There's al wray-touble in tlis world." he muttered philo -ophically, "and if it wasn't for IKilty I should ay that death was welcome." He caught his hat jaustas an eddying gust raised it deftly from his head, and then seeing how foolish was his search in this shadowy dark oess, turned slowly from the task he had under taken and went back to his hbook in the little ahanty. It was a copy of Poe that he was reading, and ashbepickred it up again he was amazed to ind thatthe page where he had stopned so aud drely had been complataely torn across the middle. He stared at it vacantly at first, but there it wi?e, the beautiful rhythm of "Annabel Lee," torn in a jagged line, as if by.hasty fingers, and search where he would in the humbale cabin the ther half of the page was nowhere to be found, . Carl sat down withhis backtythe window and began to ferret the matter out. "It was bad enough for her to scare ae hall aout of my senses," he soliloquized, hbut to comein while 1 was searcehing the place eve for her and tear my book is a little too mean for anything." He looked at the injured' volume ruefully and ehbookhis head. Naot ; anothertobe found within a thousand miles, I'll wager," he muttered, bitterly, "and to think that 'Annabel Lee,' the prettiest poem in the whole copy should be the one e she chose to damage !" And then he began thinking over the story of the murdered maiden. She harl been foully kil'cd by a jelous lover, they said, and snow no man at the little Gulch but dreaded her actis of ghostly vengeance. It war a romantic story in tt way and the more he thought of it the more it came to him that 'Alnnabel Lee' wae not so inappropriate after all, and might hring some comfort to this flitting spirit. Par Carl was sure it was none other than the ghostly visitorat his windaow who had entered his cahin in his abeene, and now. ye, theres e soothe, presence at the casing, but for a moment he found it absolutely impossible for him t turn aronad and face it. But it was not necessary for him to look this time. for his visitors were each and all most tangible and moreovrer they were eager to make anown theirpresence. Carl spreeg to his feet in amazement when a ait dozen rough- clad miners slouheed through the door and stood in a threatening group before aim. He knewr instantly ahy they had come, mad then, curiously enough, the warning of thae lead girl's frc flashed suddenlyupon him. "Too bhad she couldn't have peeped in at me moner," he muttered beneath his breath, "foe thn at leat I could have had my weapon and reen ready for this gang of rualns." r " You be a little surprised ew se e we'ues," the foremoat of his visitors said coarsely, as he notirced Carl's evident agitatito. " You thought you'd kivereda your tracks, you dog, an' that wre er all so stoopid in the Gulch 'at we wouldn't find out you wur a spotter." Carl recovered himself instantly, and leaning back, now perfectly composed, placed his elbow on the rude pine mantel. "You are aix to one, Mrt. 3ohtison. he said, coldly. "'If you are not arid of me, send your men outeide and we will hare a word in private." The moment his words escaped his lps he ae surprised at the consternation that hesa " beore him. In an istanntit ccurredto him that they. je. had maen the apparition. and were thoro?hly frighteed or the darknre. 'There's no use ta'kie' to as to-night," the man Johnson said, with a preCrplible ehudder, Sfor we've seen the Spirit of the Gulch, su one an' all we've had our warina." Then as it the courage oa his crowd rested alone on prompt activity he drew a long black rope from his packet and looped it over a conr renient rafter. - Carl MIanningbraeed himself and looked the man squarely in the eye as he finished his ominous aontrivance: "Call me what you will," he said quietly. "I came out here in the interests of the mine to learn exactly what you were doing. If you were honest you would notfear me,husteeyouare only a pack of theives and murderers you tremble at my presence here and have brought your gang of lx to one to shoot me down or hang me." lThen he folded his arms and raised his head and his voice rang out d.terminedly "Do your worst, you pack of ravening wolves ! Lay your plt s to destroy my work plot yoaur brave schemes to take my life-pr pare the noose,. the rope, the knife. hare every. thilg ready to add one more m.rder to yesour lit, andl then-then lay youer ands upon me if you dare!." And his eyes glared at them savagely with the fury of an angery tiger. Hardlyhad his veore reased to echo through the shanty when one of the ruffiats e]rang for wad with a hout, ande snatched his ptstal from the table. "He is unarmed! Take him by force !"he shouted, icitously, and the chole gang surged forward together as if to tear his limbs asunder. "Stand back ! "' Carl's voice rang out boldly. then quicras lightuling his erm shot forth and a blow felled the nearest brute to the floor. Then, just as he recvered himself for a second attack, his eyes wrre drawn irreristibly toward the window, where once more the ghastly face of the girl peered in upon the scene before her. " Look there !" Carl whispered tragically, as he painted toward the window. ,'There is the ghost of your murdered girl! How dare you think to slay another ? " As if expecting and dreading this very apparilion, the men turned. almost with one accord, and glanred in fear at the nar?r wrindow. There wras a shriek from one, a curse from another, and, seeing his chance in that moment of horror.Carl sprang forward and wrenched his pistol from the leader's hand. and for a second the whole place bellowed with the rapid emptying of its chambers. Springing over thatjumbleof writhing forms, Carl hurriedly collseted his papers, and thee rememtcring, even in his danger, the volumeof poems, he snatched the book from the table, and sheast it into his pocket. Then he lpked his way carefully aeross the rocks, a fewr stray bellels heeping him ominous company, and by rnning always in the shadow was soon far sray from the little shanty. "There is a train at eleven," he whispered to . himself, "that wilt soon take'me east' of the Misissippi," and' thea he. stopped aroning, almost too suddenly, as anther rviion came swiftly upon him. " 'Bitty, he called tenderly; "Kitty, dar ting, is it youe, sm m1 still is the land of pirlIs?" . Without a sound the young girl hurrin roward him and threwrherself into his oeaý stretched arms. "Take me wiith you," she mid frantically. "Take me writh you or they eill kill. me too," and Carl, almost without a thought of what he was doing, half led, half tarried her to the station. A year later in their asten hours Carl Ian-aug and his wife cat doen tor their after liennr ehatting: "lio old Tom Johnson eas not our ather atter al," Carl aid orer and oaer, as thoegh he repetition of the words cere something aore then ordinarily -pleeeat. I'hes he took cer oe his knee and hi. face assumed a ;hougklful erpressiou. "W\Vcll, am gidl dell not kill imm anyway," ,esaidsoftly, "althokaai thle onee ofthe mine ycs I might Just as calikave done so ort I . pplederryrmaneofethemr tateen en . Tlhee te smiled more tenderly iaoe hereyes a hkeadded n a lighter tone; "Bat what I am serry for, ittle aer, is that I did not wait to salvethe aystery of that roman's fae, for as I live, it was be that sared me a" Withouta word Kitty elid down from his knee .ed began recseckiag is her boh of treasures. 'Will this help you to lay her ghost ?" she said, eerily, and then she unfalded before hts lenisched pee the half of his poem, "Ahnnbel ree" and tried to saoe-h out kcejaggredegs. IT would take an elpreas raeta, Rtnnici aatianuously at the rate of 3,010fieet a miaute, 283 years to rcre the un from tbd elenct. 