THE SEA ROlfTO INDIA ? ? .3 ptTR centuries ago Vasco |s|jgSr^l da Gama landed at Cali Wf- ?'? ' cut, having successfully «*_„-* accomplished the voyage ?rial f*om Lisbon to India. (j&l; -i The object of the numer £\ oub expeditions which D'\ had commenced with the I . initiative of Prince Hen I ry the Navigator was at 1 ? last attained. lt was I destined that the great \ discovery should be Sb made, not by a powerful nation ^n«^ ^^inf^piA-H great fleets /and large armies, dui oy a xccue gingnnm coax was Beams; discernible on the map of Europe, and whose population never reached 3,000,000. The Portu guese were, however, in other respects eminently qualified to undertake the rt^T-jng enterprise which thy carried to such a successful issue. Their constant wars with the Moors, both in Europe and in Morocco, had made them a nation of soldiers; their frequent expeditions in search of new lands had inured them to the hardships and perils oX the sea; they had unbounded faith in their own strength, and they atoned for the smallness of their numbers by the indomitable courage and te nacity of purpose which characterised them In those days. The idea of reaching India by cir cumnavigating Africa was deeply rooted In their minds. They had equipped squadron after squad ron in search of the route, but on the accession of Tcing Emmanuel they had not gone beyond Al goa Bay. The discovery of America by Colum bus, however, stimulated them to greater efforts towards the accomplishment of the project which they had so long nourished and so often attempt ed in vain. . Three ships, of a little over 100 tons each, that had been built in the time of John IL, were now equipped for another expedition. Who was the man to whom he should entrust the command of the expedition, was a problem that sorely trou bled the mind of Emmanuel. From a window In the palace he could see the San TCa-faeH rocking on the blue waters of the Tagus. Who would carry the ship across the Atlantic, past the Cape of Good Hope, where storms were so frequent, across seas unknown and never ploughed before, still farther towards the gorgeous Bast, whose fabulous riches he coveted, to the hind whose dusky tribes peopled his dreams? Gaspar Correa, in the 'Lendas da India,' relates that* while these thoughts were fleeting across the ^King's mind, Vasco da Gama entered the room. The King, who firmly believed in the interposition of provi dence in human affairs, was strangely affected by his anoearance at such an ODDOrtune moment. He was convinced that it was the will of heaven that he should employ ttiiK man for the arduous enter prise which he was about to undertake, and he appointed Vasco da Gama Admiral of the fleet. And so it came to pass that Vasco da Gama com manded the expedition that resulted in such splendid achievements, that was destined to ex plode so many absurd theories respecting the limits of the earth — theories circumscribing, at the same time, the limits of human knowledge and human aspirations — that. strucK, In Asia, a terrific blow at the growing Moslem power and checked its advance, while in Europe kings and princes forgot their own feuds in a common en deavor to extirpate *he enemy of the religion of Christ. The fleet sailed from Lisbon on March 25, 1497, and made its way to the Cape Verde Islands. Thence the course of the ships was directed to wards the Cape of Good Hope, which was then the boundary of navigation. They encountered terrific storms at the Cape, which they doubled, it is stated, without having seen it. Nor was the fury of the elements the only obstacle they had to contend with. The inclemency of the weather and the privations which they had suffered made the- crew desperate. They clamored to be allow ed to return to Portugal; they said they were drifting to certain destruction; the unknown seas they were crossing led only to the gates of hell, where Satan was lying in wait for them; their superstitious minds coniured up all sorts of su pernatural visions, and they supplicated Vasco da Gama, with tears in their eyes, to desist from prosecuting a voyage which could only end in di saster. Vasco da Gama spoke kindly to them. He pointed out to them that their fears were ground less, that they would fail in their duty to the Eing if they returned to Portugal without an errand from the country they had been sent to discover; besides, he had sworn when he left Portugal that he would not retrace a single step that he should take in the direction of India. The men, however, were not satisfied; they renewed their demands; they whispered to themselves that Vasco da Gama was one man, and they were many, and tuey concerted pians to coerce him to tack to. When. he saw that soft words and good advice were alike unavailing, he threatened the crew to drag them along to India by the beard, and to throw overboard the ?first ™g' who dared to speak of returning to Portugal. This did not intimidate the crew. They were willing, they said, to risk their lives in the service of the King, but they would not endanger their souls in a foolhardy un dertaking; besides, if they returned to Portugal, the Eing would forgive them, if he only knew of the hardships they had undergone; at all events, if they had to die, it was preferable to face death in their own country, near their wives and child ren, rather than perish in these monstrous seas, their bodies to be the food for fishes, and their eouls damned for ever. Happily for them, and for^ Portugal, Vasco da Gama was not the man to be intimidated by the threats of foolish children afraid of a ghost He gave out to the men that he was willing to com ply with their demands, provided they gave him a written document, stating that in view of the deplorable circumstances they were in it was im possible to continue the voyage. The crew were overjoyed at this unexpected denouement. They had expected to face the anger of Vasco da Ga ma, and they found him amenable to reason. They eagerly followed him to his cabin, but, no sooner had they done so, than they were arrested, and put in irons. Gaspar Correa, the inimita ble chronicler of the events which took place in India during the Portuguese rule, puts the fol lowing words in the mouth of Vasco da Gama on that memorable occasion: 'Henceforth, men,' he said, 'you have neither captain nor pilot; our only pilot is God, and he shall lead us where He wills, but 'it Is not for Portugal that we are bound.' His- firm attitude during this crisis effectually repressed all further attempts at mu tiny, and contrasted strongly with the attitude of Columbus on an. analogous occasion. The latter, when he found that he could not control his insu bordinate crew, who were fully determined not to allow the great navigator to proceed further on his voyage, tried, to allure them with visions of the untold wealth that would be theirs when they reached land; he «xhorted them to patience, and finally he entreated them to grant him three days' grace, on the expiration of which, if land was not sighted, he would return to Spain. Al though this concession was merely a ruse to gain time, because Columbus had seen infallible signs of the near proximity of land, still, if the ver dant fields of San Salvador had not met the gaze of his crew oh the last day, the famous voyage would have been undertaken in vain. The weather calmed down shortly after they had doubled the formidable Cape; the force of the wind, which blew with hurricane violence, had now abated, . and the mountainous waves no longer threatened to snbmerge the frail vessels. Each night as it passed into day revived the spirits of the crew, who were now confident that they were approaching the goal for which they bad set out. On Christmas day they sighted land, which woe appropriately named 'Terra de Natal.' They resumed the voyage, and crept along the south- east coast of Africa. Having reach ed the mouth of a large river they cast anchor, is order to repair the weather-beaten ships. One of the vessels was found to be bo badly damaged that it was necessary to break her up, and the crew were divided between the two remaining ships. Mozambique, Quiloa, and Mombassa were successively reached. On the way they picked 1 '. . . . . I top s Moorish broker, ttevane by name, who prov ed of invaluable help to the Portuguese by his intelligence and, above all, by his fidelity. Steering onwards, they reached Melinde, where they exchanged courtesies with the King, who supplied them with the two' best pilots that he could obtain. Vasco da Gama was now certain that he was on the way to India. He sailed across the Indian Ocean, and on May 20, 1498, he. anchored his ships before the city of Calicut, having successfully ac complished one of the most difficult voyages that have ever been undertaken. His energy, bis in trepidity, and bis firmness of purpose amidst all the dangexB that surrounded him, enabled him to succeed where his predecessors had failed. When he reached India,and when the minarets and stately edifices of Calicut rose in view like the vision of an enchanted land, he must have felt a thrill of pride in -Boe consciousDess of being able to bring to his KTng, aptly eurnamed the fortunate, the tidings of the glorious discovery he had made, after so man; perils braved, and so many obstacles overcome. During -i-« stay at Calient events shaped them* eelvea in a way that left no doubt in the mind of Vasco da Gama as to the treacherous character of the people .among whom he had come. At Quiloa and Mnmhaiga his ships had been nearly wrecked, at t!he instigation of the Moors, by the pilots who had been :.eent on board for the purpose of navi gating the «ninn on rocks. - At Calicut the same causes were at work. The policy of £he Portuguese at this period was araawuiiaHy one of conciliation. In order to. ingra tiate themselves wi£h the imiivot, they allowed themselves to be robbed in all their commercial transactions. Thus, in their first attempt to load their ships Urey obtained 'ginger wihich was heav ily loaded with red clay, and cinnamon which was old, of a bad quality, and quite unserviceable.' They paid exorbitant prices for these goods. But the profuse liberality which they displayed ad mirably served (the purpose for which it was in tended. It excited the cupidity of the Zamorin- who was favorably disposed towards the Portu guese, and inclined to enter into trade relations with a people who showed euch disregard of the value and weight of the commodities which they purchased. He sent a- message to Vasco da Gama desiring n-m to visit him at the palace. Davane, the broker whom they n»d picked up at Mozambi que, strongly dissuaded the Portuguese from land ing at Calicut wtthoutt having obtained hostages from the jSamorin. His Majesty assented to these conditions,, and sent tihree Nairs an board the Por tuguese vessels. Vasco da Gama thereupon laWflwl in staibe, and was received in audience by the King, to wnom he delivered the letter he brought vritth. niiri from the THng of Portugal expressing a desire fhq* the Portuguese might be allowed to trade in the -3Mrul.ry. The Moors hi the meantime had not been idle. They had seen with consternation -the arrival of the Portuguese ships. They quickly discerned that these vessels would be followed by otihens, with ?CMreBpanding disadvantages to the trade, the monopoly of which they had so long enjoyed, and which enriched every coumtxy through which it passed. At the time of the first Portuguese ex pedition the entire trade of India was centred in the hands of tihe Moors. The products of India and of the Spice Islands were carried through the Persian Gulf or Red Sea to Aleppo and the other ports in the Levant, and to Suez and Alexandria. -From these centres Venetian ships carried the goods to Venice, and thence they distributed them throughout Europe. Tine Moors could not view ?with equanimity the arrival of the Portuguese In India. They foresaw the ruin of their own trade, if the new arrivals were to establish a direct sea route from Europe to India, which would divert the bulk of the trade to Lisbon, . and ^hey tried to avert tie impending doom by driving the Portu guese out of the country. They intrigued with tho Zamorin, tisey bribed his officials, they pointed to him that the object of the Portuguese was not to establish trade relations with his kingdom; they were enemies who oanxe to spy the country in order to conquer and to plunder it. They inveigled Vas co da Gama into the oulskirtH of the city, where he was detained, and where he was practically a pri soner in their hnn«i«. In ;the meantime Paulo da Rama felt great anxiety as to th© fate of his bro- . ther. A council was held on board the Portuguese vessels, at which, it was resolved that when all other means had failed to obtain the freedom of Vasco da Gama and his coiapanions, they would bombard the town. This news was quickly brought by the Moors to -the Zamorin, who was at last pre vailed upon, in retaliation, to allow his subjecta to Vin Vasco da Gama and all the Portuguese who had landed with nifn, How that fell purpose waa not executed remains a mystery. We do not rely on the theory that Vaseo da Gama obtained bis freedom owing to the intercession of tne Nairs whom the Portuguese had liberated. One of th© Nairs was the nephew of the 'gazil,' whom the Moors had bribed, in order; to compass the destruction of the Portuguese. We are disposed to frninir fh'* the clemency of Zamorin was due to fear, the same sort of paralysing fear that allow ed Montezuma, the ruler of a great empire, to be arrested and imprisoned in the heart of his ca pital, at noonday, .by a handful of Spaniards whom he could nave crashed by the sheer weight of num bers alone. While he was detained at Calicut, Vasco da Gama showed that if he could be brave and boJr)^ almost to rashness, me could also be prudent when circumstances required. 'Suffrir y calar' were the words whispered to him by the Castilian whoa Zlg met at' Calient, and he acted on that advice with characteristic determination. No provocar tion, and no Injury, and he was subjected to many, could rouse his temper, or make him, for a singla moment, deviate from his line of conduct. It was only when he waa safe on board his vessel that he uttered the ominous threat that he would coma back to India for love of the Moors. The instances we have quoted of their dishonesty and treachery were not calculated to favorably dispose Vasco da Gama towards them, and afford a clue to the vengeance that he wreaked upon them when he returned to India in 1502. If the humane ideas of nineteenth century ci-' vilisation do not entirely exonerate him from blame in connection with the cruelties that he per petrated on that occasion, public opinion, never theless, win not condemn him without taking into consideration the ' splendid services that -he ren dered to his country, and to the cause of humanity, and without looking at the vast array of acts that can be cited in his defence. His acts were typi cal of the age in which he lived; hatred of the Moors, whom they had succeeded in driving out of the Peninsula after a struggle of centuries, was ingrained in the Portuguese character; the reli gious zeal which inflamed the European nations in those days was an impassible barrier between the followers of Christ and the disciples of Ma hommed. Finally, the Christians of those days, and the Crusaders of a period not far remote, saw in every infidel, not only a dissenter from their views, but a loathsome object, whom they were in duty bound to tread upon and^to exterminate. His mission was now- at an end, and there re- . mained nothing for him to do but to return to Portugal, where news of the fleet was eagerly wai ted for. Duty, so faithfully and eo nobly per formed, could not fail to obtain its due recom pense, and King Emmanuel conferred upon Vasoo da Gama the title of 'Dom' an honor which was seldom bestowed in those days. But what, to a true patriot like him, must have been of far greater value than the favor of his Sovereign, was the spectacle of his nation raised, by his discoveries, to the highest pinnacle of fame. — P. Montalto de Jesus, in Hongkong 'Daily Press.' 