THE REV. DEAN FARRAK. THE CARETAKER'S STORY. (.Scene—A ft.A. JicHcrted Sheep Station.; 'Midst sweltering scrub I iiad held my way. Through paddocks vast where but vermin ran, And came lo a station, at close of day, With a solitary tenant, an ancient inan; Who might he a lierniil, with long grey beard; Whose sylvan garb was, like "Joseph's," patch ed. As if to its wearer by time endeared; While liis cobbler's ware with his moleskins matched. "Well, hermit or no, he's the only one Who live.? on the station now, 'tis clear— The lingering ghost of its former fun," I said to myself, as I polled up near. A curious ghost. It was William IJarc— And "What are you doing here, Bill?" saM I, When he of ilie begone reverend air, Exclaimed "I'm if it's not you, Ouyl" 'Twas Billy indeed! a friend of my youth; But wrinkled and scored by the scythe of Time; And three score years arc sufficient, in truth. To wrinkle one's hide in this crimson eliine. But there—when we'd hobbled the horses cut, And drained "Siinpsouian" tins of tea, We loid of our troubles—eaeii turn aliout, And litis is the tale Bill told to me:— 'Tis different now to (he fifties, when Our years were few and our action high, 'Twas little we thought of a long day then 'Neath red hot sum and a hunting sky; On 'lr.lvwheel, damper, ou beef, and tea We pegged away by the Flinders ltiiiige; And—yes, you are right—on our yearly sprees, We colour'd the town it: a manner strange. We coloured it red, hut (lie cits would laugh, And "Bohert" ne'er thought of running us in, A man from the hush was a failed calf. Whose tracks wore marked by his melted tin. Uncommonly quick would it melt down too, We gttess'd it was going, to tinil it gone, So scuttled around for a lasL shevoo, Then girth'd our packs and our saddles on. But what did i( matter, old man, for then. A sheep was a sheep, and a horse a horse; A beast meant money; a scratch of flic pen. And cheque, to be honoured, had bitlli, of course. All! those were the days when the "golden fleece" (Not selling at coppers four per Hi.) Would gladden flic heart, while a year's increase Was held by the Banks as an asset sound. But just as I thought I'd made my pile In '04, well, the big drought fell, And swept off the stock in a drought's best style, Till hare was tbe run and I could not sell. So I travell'd south with the remnant small Of sheep that still had a leg to wag; 1 ought at the lime to have slung it all, And left the llank to collar the swag. I see it all now, but who would have thought That squatting ever could full so low? But there, it has since been the constant sport Of droughts, had prices, and laws, you know. I ought to have gone to some place where rain Falls more than twice in a lifetime. Kit? I ought to have vamoosed, hut then, again, "i'was old N'ick brought me, then hade me slay. The breaks went hard down in the year '65, When a thumping debt was my sole nest-egg. And Sellemnp wrote. "You must contrive To lessen your overdraft, we beg." lie sold up a crowd, but a friend back'd me. And I struggled on till the seventies came With their prices grand, but never a since. I'd leani'd too much for that little game. And then, in the eighties, each demagogue, Who'd truckle to public greed and spite, Was sure of a seat, and ever agog To paint our profits in golden light. "Those rubbers," Ihe.v ye!I'd, "on your birthright grand, AH fallen in sloth, while your sons so stout May struggle and starve for want, of the land; So down with the squatters, and kick them out." "We'll fix 'em all right," quoth Thomas, the tall, "We'll put up their runs, and we'll knock 'ern down; They open shall be to both great and small. Bill, not a square, mile, sir. at half a crown" Then wielded his hammer, the auctioneer. And bids ran up to a killing price; While Thomas & Co., observed, with a sneer, "They'll pay for theirs now, and you've got your slice." Yes, lliey got their slice, but, too late, Uiey found They'd taken more than they'd barg'in'd for; With rain for an inch they had miles of ground, And their teeth fitey gnash'd, and their hair they tore.. They piled on the stock till the hush was kill'd; Their credit kept, good till their hills fell due; Then, 'twas sanve qui pent, and they kicked their sons, Their moneyed friends were already blue. 1 bid like a fool, for I'd got the sheep— So carefully cull'd thro' many a year— Then struggled to pay, till I sank chin deep In compound's slough, and was fore'd to clear. Yes; wool went down with a horrible slump, for one good season came two of drought. Till nothing was left hut a blue-bush stump. And—well, as I said, they sold file- out.. Hut nobody knows nwch better than you. How Crown lands lessees have vushM to pot. Of class C runs there are going hut few, And Bed Tape folly will swamp the lot. You ask'd how I'm living! Well! taking eare Of a hunk inside, while the vermin breed; But come along .in, there's the ancient fare, Bar bunny for beef, aud we'll do a feed. KOlil'.lIT IJRL'UE. C'oomianilio, JS99. 