-TH E — PUBLISHED DAILY. WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 27, '1899. SELECTED COMMITTEE'S . AMENDMENTS.'//'' For the Selected Committee to1 pro pose amendments to the Common wealth Bill was in itself ridiculous in the extreme, and naturally made the members the laughing- stock of Aus tralia. . What rendered their , action still more absurd is that the amend . ments they suggest would not,- even if they could be adopted, improve the position of West Australia in the F ederal sense. They are, . in fact; in direct opposition to the best interests and to the wishes of 'the residents of the colony, and' nowhere in Aus tralia than here, are they likely to be .more severely condemned. The first amendment advocated' by the Selected Committee is framed for the purpose of striking a blow at the rights of the majority of the electors, and especially goldfields' residents. The amendment in question gives power to the Perth Parliament to di vide the colony into electorates for the purpose of electing six Senators, and thus abolishing the wise provision in the Commonwealth Bill for the whole province to vote as one con stituency for members of the Federal Senate. It is an open secret that the Selected Committee made this recom mendation because they know that the goldfields would have a preponderance of voting power the terms of the .Commonwealth Bill. The political nobodies who constituted the Committee are anxious to introduce into the Federal Parliament the poc ket borough evil that' has done so much injury already in West Australia. The fact is that it is only through the med ium of pocket boroughs that any of the have the ghost of a chance of getting into the Federal Parliament. With West Australia as a single electorate none except able, broad-minded poli ticians would be ' returned, and their efforts for the advancement of the pro vince would no doubt be a marked im provement on what was done by the self ! appointed delegates to the various Fed- I eral conventions. It is now admitted ; by all that these gentlemen were utterly ' incapable of watching the interests of ' West Australia, and the mass of the , residents do not want useless indivi- ' duals of that class to represent them in / the Federal Parliament. As. we. have' Dften already pointed out the second of the Selected Committee^ amend ments, which authorises the Federal Parliament 'to, construct the j interco lonial railway, is quite unneces sary. , South. Australia ' is fully as anxious as West Australia for the construction of the line. The leading authorities in -tnat colony /have stated so over and over again, and that their word is doubted by the Committee is due to the narrow minded suspicious nature .of the mem bers, who judge others by their own low political standard. The third amend ment urged by the Committee, is scarce ly less objectionable than that regardi ng the Senate. It^is that West Aus tralia should have the right, for-' a' period of five years after the imposition of uniform duties of Customs, ,to impose duties of Customs on importations from the other States of ? the Common wealth, and , from all places beyond the limits of the Commonwealth. This proposal would have the effect of prolonging the period during which the /t*ti enm ere mncf c+n crceezr nnfipr on ? ol most intolerable; burden. The majority of the people would have preferred that West Australia should receive the benefits of intercolonial fiee trade im mediately on entering the Union, but in their eagerness for [Federation they aie willing to accept the five years' sliding scale piovided in tlie Commonwealth Bill. They also hope that before the end of that period men would be re turned to the Perth Parliament who would sweep away all the fiscal barriers between this and the eastern colonies. The fourth and last of these preposter ous amendments suggested by the Com mittee would give to the Perth Par liament complete control over, all rail way freights and charges in the colony for the five years during which the right to jmpose duties of Customs would con tinue, and the inter-State Commission would not be able to interfere till after that period. In other, words, the domi nant minority in West Australia want to retain to themselves the right -to finan cially bleed the goldfields by means, of the railways. All right-thinking persons must object to leaving to such a no toiious Docty as me rertn rarnament the right to thus exploit, the 'many for the benefit of the few. ' It is not in the power of all the Premiers, Governments and Paihaments combined of the eastern colonies to altei in the slightest degiee the Commonwealth Bill as it now stands It cannot be amended except with the sanction of the people, and that can only be obtained by a fresh lefeiendum' in each of the colonies. The proposed amendments are meiely typical of the conceit, ignorance, and selfishness of the members of the Selected Com mittee. ; ' ( 