Sermon. SSethod and Music, or the Art of Happy Living1. And whatsoever yc do in word or deed, do all in the name of the .Lord Jesus, giving thanki to God and the Father by Him. CoLossians lib 17. In the text we have an instance of the terseness, brevity, and clearness of Divine precepts. Here is a law applicable to every believer—to every action, wora. and thought, in every place, tinder all circumstance*; ann yet this comprehensive command is expressed in very few words. As the mariner's compass or the pole-star to the mariner, so may the text be to us. Hero is an infallible directory as to tlio way of holiness; a judge whose decisions in the matter of righteousness and truth none need distrust. , 1\. Here is holy walking described. ""What soever ye do in word or deed, do in the name of the Lord Jesus." This rule can only be practised by tho regenerate. You must oo in Christ before you can do any thing in Christ's name. Until your nature is renewed, until you have submitted yourselves unto tho righteousness of Christ, until Christ has formed in you the hope of glory, you are not canable of walking after this high and hallowed fashion. " You must be born again." The precept demanding your immediate attention is not the precept of this text, but another; the words of Peter, in the Acts of the Apostles, are for you— "Repent, and be bapised everyone of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of rins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost"; or this, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shale be saved." You must begin at the beginning. It will bat mislead you if I exhort you to walk as believers before you have received the inner life. The root must be changed before the fruit can be bettered. Yon need a radical change, and yon must have it, or perish ever lastingly. To those of yon who hare sub mitted yourselves to His government, and ore trusting in Him for salvation, let me say— you as a Christian arc bound to offer daily praise; you should often lift up your heart in grateful songs and psalms to God, hut see to it that you do all this work of praise in the uame of the Lord Jesus. No praise of yours xau i« sweet with God except it be presented through your great high priest. Bring therefore your gift of thankfulness to thus ; altar which sanctifieth the giver and the gift, and ever bless God through Jesus Christ. You are alxi to abound in prayer; it is your viral breath You cannot flourish as a Christian unless yon constantly draw near to God in supplication, bnt your supplications must always bo presented through the name of Jesus Christ. His name gives prevalence to prayer ; it is not so much your earnestness or sincerity as His precious blood th&t; speaks in the ears of God and intercedes for you. Pray ever, then, with your eye upon the finished Propitiation and the living Inter cessor; ever plead the merit of Imraannel. and heaven's gate shall open to you. In addition to your prayers and praises, you are bound to serve Him, according to the abi.ities intrusted to you. in teaching the ignorant the way of salvation, in bringing in the un converted, and in edifying the saints; but remember that your service to God in these respects can only be acceptable as you present it through the name ol Jesus Christ. The hand of the Crucified One mUst offer for you the sweet cane which you havo bought with money, and the tat of all your sacrifices. If you could give to God all you possess, ail the time of your mortal existence, all the talents with which- you have been endowed—if you could do this henceforth without a failure, yet if you did not present tho offering through Jesus Christ, it would be as though yon had done nothing; your burnt offenugs and whole burnt offerings would have no accept ance with Jehovah, for your sinful nature pollutes them all. Wc should do all under the sanction of the Lord Jesus as onr Exemplar. It would be well for us if when we find ourselves in circumstances of perplexity we asked our selves the question. " What would Jesus Christ have done if He were in my circum stances?11 The answer to that question is the eolation of your difficulty. Whatever Ho would have done, it will be safe enough for you to do. Why, you must bo safe, you must be accepted, if you do as Jesus did; for never can Christ's example lead a simple soul astrar, ! 44 'Tis always safe for souls to follow on Where Christ, their holy Shepherd, leads the way." Wc should do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, for He should bo the element in which we live. It is said of the modern Greeks that whatever may be their faults mentally, they uro faultless physically, for you never saw a Greek peasant in an ungraceful attitude, however much ho might be off bis guard and unconscious of your gaze. Gracefulness is a part of tho Greek nature. So let tho Lord Jesus Christ bo so woven and intertwisted into your very self that you cannot bo other wise than Christlike underuny circumstances Lord, grant us this. It would bo a glorious thing to oe saturated through with tho spirit of Christ, so as to live Christ evermore. 2\. Wo find in the second part of the text holy music prescribed. " Giving thanks unto God and the Father by Him." Soldiers march best to battle when the trumpet and drum ex cite them with enlivening straius; the mariner brightens bis toil by a cheery cry at every pull of tho ropo; and it is an excellent- thing when Christian men know how to sing as well as to work, and mingle holytnudc with holy service. The b*st music of a Christian con sists in thankfulness to God. Thanks should be rendered by tlio believer with ell tho acts; common to men. Our eating', oar drinking, ! our KO' ial meetings, oar quiet conversing# one | with another—in all we shoold give thanks j unto God and tho Father. This we should j do in. the labour* peculiar to oar rccarion. Whatever your trade and calling may be,' if you cannot ring aloud, you can ring in your hearts whilo yonr hands are busy; yea can nng ont the praises of God as well to the sound of the hammer on tho anvil as to tho peal of the organ : your feet at the sewing machine ra3y beat time to a sacred rune; you can as well pnii-e God while you crack your whip as when you sing to a psalm tune. Why not ? If the heart be right, yon can mounr ud to the heavens from any place or labour. What ever your tailing may be, you shall find something to help you to magnify God. if you will but use a spiritual eye to discover it. We ought especially to prais» God in the exercise of our religion Whenever the assemblies of God's people meet* th°re should be much of holy joy. Some people are so afraid of joy that one might suppose thera to labour under the delusion that all who are devout must also bo unhappy. If we wor shipped Baal, to banco ourselves with knives were most fitting; if we were worshippers of Juggernaut or Kalce. self- inflicted torture* might be acceptable; but as we worship the ever-blessed God. whose delight is to make His creatures happy, holy happiness is a part of worriup, and joy in tho Lord one of the accepted graces of the Holy Spirit. Brethren, let as be happy when we praise God. I have noticed with pain the way in which people will get rid, if tbey can. of happy words out of their hymns. The | hundredth Psalm runs thus— ' ' AU people ;h it on earth do dwell, Sing to the Lord with cheerful voice; Him serve with " What ? Well, somo clever folk modernise it into—' j "Him serve with fear." • But, as I believe, the older form is— ' Him servo with mirth. His praise forth tell; Come ye before Him and rejoice." I wonder some other scribe did not cat out | the word "cheerful," and put in—« " Sing to the Lord with doleful voice." In this way the psalm might have been "improved " until there would not have been a grain of worship left in it. I mean to sing it, "Him serve with mirth"; and with a glad and merry heart will I praise my God. If you are His child, rejoice in your Father's presence ; if you are pardoned, re joice in the mercy that washed away your sins; even if you are tired and troubled, yet rejoice that your afflictions are working together for your good. 44 Rejoice in the Lord always." The text tells us under what ; aspect we should regard God when we are : thus thanking Him : 44 Giving thanks unto God and the Father," blessing Him that' He | -tands in that relation to us as well as to the Lord Jesus. The belief in. the Divine 1 Fatherhood will sorely make the eons of God happy. We love Jesus Christ for dying for ; ns; we forget not tho Holy Spirit because : He dwells in ns. It is the Father who ! stands at the back of all in the ! eternal purpo-e; it is the Father who i gave the Son to die; it is the Father ; who justifies us through the righteousness of Christ, and adopts us into His family. The Father is equally to be loved and worshipped with the Spirit and tho Son, and through Christ Jesus we should come to God, the terrible God as Ho was to us in our ungodli ness, and worship Him as the Father now with thankful joy, because of the mercies wo have received. The gist of this second precept is that you stir up your hearts, my dear friends, to the cultivation of a cheerful spirit Oh, yc that love the Saviour, do not neglect this. " Whoso offereth praise glori fieth God." Glorify Him, then. Thispraise, this cheerful spirit, wins on others. They, marking how you give thanks, will be attracted to "your Saviour and your God, while you will strengthen your selves also, for " tho joy. of the Lord is your strength." Despondency and murmuring will hamper you in all yonr efforts to glorify Christ, but to maintain an inward spring of thanksgiving is one of the best ways to keep yourselves in spiritual health. "God help you to carry this out. " Work and praise! Hearts upraise 1 Drink your fill of joy 1 Happy they who all tho day Spend in Christ's employ." 3\. A fow words upon tho third point namely, the holy motive to bo inscribed upon our hearts to secure obedience. Beloved in Christ, you have received all you have from God the Father through Christ. That you aro not iu bell is due to His long-suffering; that you have been spiritually quickened is due to His gracious operation; that you ore pardoned is duo to His precious blood. Owing all tn Him, what arises in your mind bat gratitude? And what is the dictate of gratitude? Docs it not teach you that it is your reasonable service to surrender your selves to Him who bought you at such a price? For, «u, what a return it will be! how poor compared with what He has done for you! If you give your body to bo burned for Him, yet Ho deserveth infinitely more than all thesocrificoof tbo most painful death to recompense His stoop from highest glory to tho cross of deepest woe. Let your grati tude compel you to do everything for Jesus, laistly, I need not thus plead with some • of you, for yourhearrs aro <pleading with you. J know you love Him whose name is an oint ment poured forth i I know how the tendrils of ybur; hearts have entwined themselves about His Cross. His person fives all your love: you are only happy when you are walk ing iu communion with him. He is the sun of your rool, without whom yon cannot live. Well, then, do -what love dictates. Brio? forth the alabaster box of ointment* break it* poor the sacred nard upon TTtn head, and if any ask, "Wherefore is this waste?" *ay that He is worthy of it, and that yon love much because yon have Hon much forgivtn. This day bring- forth the be*t that is within your stun*, the spiced wine of your pomegranate, and set it before your Lord, while Jes'is sups with you and you with Him. Again I say. arouse your selves to live at a more vigorous rate, and let the whole of the force and energy that dwells within you, and ail that you can borrow from the seventh heaven, be given up to Him who loved you and gave Himself for you. Hay my Hastens blessinir be with these words to all who hear or read them, for Jesus* sake. Amen. 