Local and Gcueral Xews. We learn that Captain T. S. Marshall, Chief Officer of the Country Fire Brigades Board, will pay his annual visit to Ararat aud inspect the members uf the Fire Brigade on Thursday, tbe 14th September. Parcels addressed to the following are lying at the Ararat railway station:— Baker, Brady, B&sham;, Black, Dawson, Gossip, Harris, Rowe, Jenkios, Leslie, Mattson, Proctor (care Mrs Browu), C. II. Smith, Thompson. A change, we learn, is about to be made in tbe management of tbe well-kDOw-Q hestelry, the lurf Hotel. Mrs .T. Smith, of Barkly street, yesterday completed arrangements for tbe lease of the hotel, and will, we understand, enter into possessionOL Wednesday next, Yesterday sa«v an Elliott boom in Ararat, for at the Railway Conference, by a somewhat singular coincidence Mayor Elliott of Ararat was supported on bis left hand by cx- Mayor Elliott of Ballnrat, and on his right by Mayor Elliott of Maryborough. BaKarat Elliott turned tbe circumstance tu happy account by wishing Ararat Elliott a very successful and pleasant year of office. By last night's express train the members of the Wine and Cool Storage Commissiou arrived in Ararat. The visiting members of the commission ioclnde Mr J. Murray (chair- man), Mr Joseph Harris, Captain Chirneide, and Mr R. F. Toutcher, Ms. L A., aud they were accompanied by Mr Wade, Government shorcband writer, and Mr Pescott, secretary to the commission. The commission will take evidence at tbe Borough Chambers this morning, end will during the afternoon vibit Rhymney aud Great Western and retura here in the eveniug. lo-morrow morning they will return to Great Western and visit Mr Bans Irvioe's cellars and take the evi dence of that gentleman, and they will then proceed to Stawell. It is with regret that we bare to annouuee the too early death of Mr Osmand G. Osmaston, manager of the Woodlands Estate for tbe Hon. W. M'Culloch, who expired yesterday at Woodlands, at tbe age of 30. The young gentleman, who was exceedingly popular with all who had the pleasure of hi6 acquaintance, was attacked on Saturday last by inflammation of the lungs, and notwithstanding the unremitting atteutiou of hitmedical adviser he rapidly sank aod succumbed. Tbe deceased, whs came to Ihe colony about teu years ago, had been at Woodlands for nearly a year, succeeding Mr Wyatt as manager, and during his residence there he made a number of friends, who will learn of hi6 death with sorrow. A lad named William Lis ton, of Middle Creek, and his brother were oat scooting rabbits on Mount Cole on Sunday, when t he latter slipped and his gun went. off. The charge lodged io William Listoo's arm, back aud face. He was photographed by means of l.he Rontgen rays, with a view to locating the position of the pellets. AD etcelleut skiagram was secured, but in view of the patient's coudition it was deemed inadvis' able to attempt to remove any of the shot. Tbe iujury was the result of a ricochet, the charge having first struck the ground, and rebounded thencc upward, entering the ua fortunate boy's body under the ribs. There are several pellets in the lungs and liver, and possibly in other organs, while others h&t;'e entered Ihe face. The medical men have uot abandoned hope of saving his life, but lie is io a serious condition. Yesterday the lad, who is lying in the Hall&ral; Hospital, was still io the Bame condition. A special general meeting of shateholders in the Can to u Tunnel Company is to be held at tue Ararat Hotel this evening, at eight o'clock. The meeting has beeu called to consider tbe advisability of incrcasiug the nominal capital of the company to G00, in lieu of 500. It will be remembered that & month ago it WBS dccided to issue the bslaucc of 107 shares then a mil able in the company, aud these have been so largely over applied for that in order to meet Ihe de aiaud, the directors suggest widening the share list to 600 shares. It will be gratifying to shareholders to leBrn thatthecrmtc.nplated encroachment of a Ball.irat syndicate nu the company's reservatiou ee a dredging lease has been abandoned. Mr Biclcctl, wbo represents the company, was io Ararat Wednesday nod informed the legal manager that the lease pegs had been put io under a misapprehension, and Lhere was no desiro to encroach in sny way on the property of the oompaoy. The committee appointed by the Borough Council to draft a letter to be forwarded Io the Hon. the Minister of Water Supply set* ting forth the objection* of the ooancil to the proposals contained in the new Water Bills, met at the Council Chambers yciterdtiy, and after due deliberation a leuglhy document was prepared, aod briefly put the following reasons are pi Fen why the bill is not in ite present lorut acceptable to tbe Borough of Aiarat; —1. because tbe eetitn&led; : s ~ based upon a balance sheet extending*, brer 15 months instead of 12 months.. 2. The council was deceived by the Government engineer's estimate of cost, which was not to exceed £20,000, whereas the cost of the scheme alone totalled £35,000. 3. The council bad faithfully kept to tbelr promise to pay £1000 a ye&r; interest; it was now necessary to expend a sum of £1000 on laying new pipes, and this amount could not be pro* videtJ if their payments to the Government were increased. 4. Notwithstanding the inadequate nature of their supply tne council could uotaccept the £$000 offered by the Uoveru<r»eutfor its improvement, owing to the threatened rate of Is 6d contained in the Water Bill. 5. The Government instead of paying 2s 6d per one thousand gallons as • promised, -after tbirtecu years reduced it to Is, thus entailing a loss of £900 per aunnm to the council. C. As iastancini; the contradictory elements contained in the bill, the three mining tonus, Talbot, Clunes and Ararat, under exactly similar conditions, have 13 14ths, 6 7ths and I 3rd allowed oft the origia&l; amounts bor- 'Wed. The water supply committee of the Sta*ell Borougb Couucil hus decided that £1500 per aonuro is the most the ratepayers of Stawell cm possibly pay as interest and sinking fnod. The ne.v Water Bill requires ihem to pay £2700. is predicament— M A mau is known by :ocnpaoy he keeps. There is a good deal of truth in that, and it worries me." What's ths matter.? Can't you cut away from touie of your -associates ?" " Not handily. You see, I'm married lo her." Dr Peter Steins, the Russian electrician, in an interview, is reported to have said that bs had invented an electrical appliaoce by which be could telephone over loug distances without wires. He is suou to make a scries of practical demonstrations from and to various poiuts on the Thames in the presence of experts, tie claims that it will be possible for persons iu London to converse distinctly with persons in Antwerp, when tbey are provided with the small apparatus which be has invented. The Paris correspondent of the Daily Xeics announces thit Or Bra has been inoculat-ing forest trees with the culture of humau cancer, and killed them with cancer. He was led to these experiments by discovering a similarity of a disease ia trees to that of cancer. Dr Bra, we are told, docs not conclode that animal and vegetable cancers are caused by one specific fungus, but he thinks a uumbzr of diseases of plauls are extremely like diseases of animals. Some time ago Messrs. W. B. Gray, of Xlaldon, and Bans Irvine were served with a writ for £10,000 damages for alleged infringement of the cyanide patent rights of the Australian Gold Recovery Company— otherwise the M'ArthurForrest Pateut— and as the Government has throughout op- posed tire granting of the patent, a deputation waited on Wednesday on the Minister of Mines, and asked that the Government should.assist to defend the action. Mr Poster, in reply, said he would submit the matter t.o the Crown Solicitor for his opinion. The Government were prepared to fight tfce matter out, and would act on tbe opinion in question. David Atkins, a wood-splitter, was charged at the Alleudale police court on Wednesday last with the attempted murder of bis sister, Rosannah Biown. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that accused visited Svean Johnson's house, where Mrs Brown and her daughter were. He had a loaded gun io his hand, and having forced himself into the house, Mrs Johnson struggled, with him. Hearing tbe noise, Mrs Brown left a bedroom in which she was biding, and accused pointed tbe gun at her and fired. She just managed to knock his gun aside, and the charge of shot pissed through alio dish standing on the Ltble and entered tbe lining boards, A struggle ensued, and accused t-brew his sister down in the garden aud stood on ber. He subsequently loaded the gun and tried to shoot himself but failed. Shortly afterwards he swallowed a poisonous liniment, and Mrs Johnson successfully administered an emetic. The reason he assigned for the murderous assault was a desire to " hare revenge/ 1 Accused was committed for trial at Ballarat. —Age. Widespread dissatisfaction is being pressed in more or less vigorous langoagt country districts in regard to the proposed Water Bills. Within the last week meetings have been held at Charltou, Outlaid, Horsha.n, Echuca, Marcorna,Stawell, Swan Hill and a number of other places, the dominaot note oa each occasion being an expression of keen disappointment that Lhe Minister of Water Supply did u->t adopt the recommen dation of the Water Commission end have i re valoation of the whole of tbe irrigatioi and water supply works, with a view of re docing the capital to an extent that would admit of landholders being able to meet their obligations. It is very evident that coir derable political pressure will be brought bear to secure tiie wiping out of liabilities instead of placing a large sutn to a suspense account, as is now proposed. In taking this course landholders are perfectly justified, for a large proportion of the eitravagaot ex pen diture that ba* been iucurrcd in conuectioc witb water schemes is due to 1-hc peculiar ideas which controlled the admiuistrui ion ol the Water Supply Department when the water couservatiou fad was being worked for nil it was worth. Froatier women have usually strong and the experieuces of Miss Maud Craueton, who resides near Kootenay .Lake, iu the fur east of British Columbia, as related by a oon tompoiary, show that they need them, if wc may accept her story without misgiving, The means of getting married, we are led tt nfer, were uot at hand in the district where the young lady resided; in fact, the ministei failed to keep his appointment. Therefore, she set out in company with her relative and intended husbaud, J. A. Cireon, oi board lhe steamer Klondike, for Bonner' Ferry, in ths adjoining State of Idaho, then to get married. As the boat pi«sed the house of the preacher, who had uudertaken to perform the ceremony, they saw that the rev. gentleman was prisoner on the roof of his submerged residence, a sudden therirer having flooded the valley. The dripping man was brought on board. While he wis changing his wet clothes the stea called at Rice's landine, where two iresh passengers came on board witb a rough pioe coffin, containing the remains of James Carter, who had been drowned in the river tbe day before. Wbeu the preacher came deck in dry clothes ths young couple said tbey would have the marriage take place there and then. The ceremony hid reached almost the point where the clergyman should declare them man and wife when two dogs begao to fight, upsetting the flimsy pine cotiin, the fail breaking it open. One glance at the dead mau'a features, and tbe bride gave a scream and swooned away in tin cf the groom. The corpse was thai of a former lover lo whom she had been eugaged to be married. She speedily rose superior to (he shock, and called upon the minister to finish the ceremony, declaring (l-.nt neither ghosts nor drowned men should stand in the way of her becomiog Mrs Carson. Carson, remarks an English contemporary, has got wife iu a thousand, 