The Storyteller. CAPTAIN PHIL. A SKETCH FROM LIFE. (Copyright.) By Isa Duffus Hardy. Dan Granger's place was a lonely one; and the times were wild, and the life was rough at Blue Lead Bar, when he brought his young wife there. It took a brave woman, and a strong one, to flroe that life ; b«t Lucy Granger had perfect health and flsnculne spirits, and lore and eoura*e mtmgh to be the tleuins; of whatever ««"'• I»th sne elected to share, and abed the sunshine of her presence on It, whether it lay ainong rocks or roses. She had tfhosen her lot, and cheerfully set hand and heart to her appointed work; and there was not a home (or miles around so well ordered and comfortable as Dan Granger's. In the course of his chequered life Dan had been a little of everything; he had made his pile Jn the mine* lost it, and was sow in « fair way of making It again. At present his chief occupation—and an Im portant one it was, too—was carrying the express from Blue Lead Bar to Yucca City, making the journey sometimes alone, some times with hls^partner, Steven Brock. liaey was never quite so happy when hei Dan was running the risk of " road-agents," and other less alarming and less probable accidents, alone1. She got used to it, and •oeepted it as a natural part of her life, but familiarity never bred contempt of the hasards her husband ran in his long, lonely rides, often charged with Taiuarbles and money, for every man in or near Blue Lead Bar committed his property to Dan Gran ger's care, in perfect faith that fie " would jtake It through safe if any man conld ■!" ! The Grangers' home was a beautiful one so far as its surroundings) went—although its situation was more solitary than many a wotean wonM have liked, left as often alone as Lucy was. with only her little ohildren. Dan could have, afforded and «*ld gfcfly iav^jrtF^elp, serrte«, and O^panioflphip for Jigs wife if* it ha* been Dfocurabfc; tout helft in those region*" was, dbiply nc* to be procured. npJßrranta there were none'.; nelther^4be name* nor the thing were known there. ?Hvery Woman had her hands full to overflowing with heYown work. If Mm. Granger had been ill or in trouble the .neighbours -would have helped her for love i tut there "was no fetich/ thing at -help —dally domestic help—to .be got for money: So liucy had hours, and often dayß, alone wtth her little girl and boy, while her hus band was off r on h.ls journeys. \ jTJheir ljqrtiM-4imtfll3iuilt woodfltilhpujrt, ititi a v>m wfiwM: ***** *&*§ •* $•* the majority of the houeeß at Blue Lead Bar, as it included Dan's " office"—stood on a natural ledpe or terrace amongst the hills", a little apart from, the pther dwellings some of diem mere log'cabins, some little neat cottages, which were scattered around, ,whpve and. below it* Dark evergreen fore^ta^ eeimed; here, 'and tne*« by- 4**P> yewniag^oanoM, elethed4he moimtaJn-sida like a dinging garment, above Which the rocky brow rose bare and rugged. Beyond "it, and far off, the snowy range of distant peaks, soared high into tne skies, seeming -*,<hßett*ies to flpaf Ilife silver sails efcoye a "sea of fyw-srrttln£cfoud«. - Below the un even ledges—like huge, irregular, natural steps—on which 'the little settlement -was perched—the pinewoods sloped down into a l*iUd, tr»»a>all»jr. thfoutfi .whiff* tt*«ivar wound like a shining silvery snake. The west windows of the Grangers' house had a splendtd'view acreas .the 'landscape of rolling -meadow, wood; and valley, rising towards th* far-off hills which faded and vanished ' in Vague Violet mists of distance. Lucy Granger, fortunately for her, loved Nature. If she had bad a less heartfelt appreciation of the beauties of sapphire sky and emerald valley and sombre pine forest, of snow-capped mountain, rocky gorge and gleaming river, she would have been less content, even with the love of husband and children, here. How beautiful the valley looked in the golden base of morning ! Lucy smiled with pure joy of life and beauty a* site stood in the doorway and looked across ,to the shimmering mist 6f amber and amethyst hues in whieh toe distant hills were lost like a dream. She wa« getting on well with her morning's work, and had time to aland still awhile. Perhaps one secret of Lucy Granger's doing her work so well and so thoroughly wa* that she never bustled or flurried. She west on thrcugh it all smoothly and easily—like a machine In good order. She ,«ou\d. abt have smiled ap contentedly on tbe fair IMMsoape, however, now. If she could have heard wbat Dick MuinßftT^tUar.kaosrnJa the neighbourhood as 'SOhiger Dick f*-Wrsa7lß«-W her hus band in the seclusio* of the office. " I didn't say anything baton Mrs- Granger, Dan—it's no use alarming her— but Captain Phil and his gang are about here—reported up at Gopher Flat ; they're on your track, and swear they'!) pay yon out for that Melina business. There's no doubt of it —It was one of -the Captain's pigeons let it out. t came up to give you a word of warning." ~" " D'ye know, when they mean to try It on ?" rejoined Dan, as coolly as if it had not beep a matter of life and death ; for if Captain Phil had, or conceived he had, a debt to pay, that debt would be paid-in grim saniest--or Captain Phil's reputation .helled him. IMulllns shook his head. " Only know just that I've told you. Phil Darrel and his boys ate 'round i and They have it in for you." ' ': .' (Dan nodded. / "Well, don't mention it before airs. Granger.: The women folk are apt to get skeered. It's a.bit awkward, certainly. Just now, when 6teve Brock's away iff Sac ramento, and 1 go my rounds alone." ~" Tis so,", Ginger Dick au«rted. "(Mind you're heeled !" "I'm always heeled on any rounds," saM Dan, further convincing his friend of the fact "by pulling a heavy navy-revolver out of one pocket, and a heat little derringer out of another. He looked to these treasures carefully, handling them as If he loved them, and assuring himself that they were in perfect and deadly working order. " Time for me to be off," he added. " No, I'm not bound for Yucca City to-day—only up to Scudder'a—l'm going to take a bag or dust for old Bngleby." " Well for you that Captain 'Phil don't know that!" observed the other. five minutes later Dick Ifuilins had taken his leave, and Granger had swung himself on to his old piebald horse—One-eyed BiU, who, as (Dan always said, could see as much with bis one eye as aay common horse could wfth two, and could find his way and "bring Us master safe home en a plica* dark night, when even (Granger's practised eyes could not distinguish the trail. (Dan looked back, and smiled and waved his band to hie wife—as cheerily as If he had not heard the ominous news of Phil DarreM. better known as "Captain Phil"— and old One-eye trdttcd briskly eft, The " *felina business." to which OfulUas had alluded as something for which Captain Phil had It In his mind to "pay" Daa Granger, was a story of some years ago, before Granger came to «ue Lead Bar. He had been the prime mover In the arrest of Ccptain Phil, as the secret head of a gang of " road-agents," whose depredations were many and daring, tut who had somehow always successfully managed to alode detec tion and capture. (Dan had acted on sus picion amounting to conviction. That it was he who had first taken action in the matter was well known U> Captain "Phil as to the rest of the world-that little world of which Dan Oranger fondly thought he deserved well by his course In tais business. Captain Phil, however, was a powerful man. and in his way not un popular. More men feared him than would acknowledge their tear ; not a few women admired him who were not ashamed to own their admiration ; and fear and ad mlrvtton are amongst the most oonfegious of feelings. Once before, Captain Phil had stood his trial for killing a man, and had got off on the ground of " self-defence"—a plea a Western jury Is always ready to •on aider favourably. The upshot of the Melina case was that a string of witnesses had glibly sworn to aHbia which completely exonerated Captain Phil from all complicity In the crimes with which he stood charged, he was triumphantly acquitted, and escorted hnm« by a torchlight procession. Granger and others more than suspected «Wtte wltpasiefr^nre perjured and JtMe jury Ff»cked/^f»ut oauld not prove it^-so Captain Phil'mept id bte conquering way agftUv-r*pd westt, 'cojftijlderably to everyone's uHraMbment^ without putting a bullet ufoufs Dai Srangor,' against whom he tm \--Known to have rowed- vengeance, and t*at was a kind of vow Captain Phil had never yet been known to break. Perhaps it was that, tlUfl fresh from his acquittal, he thought he would' keep Ms newly-white washed character for awhile. Perhaps he remembered that " revenge can be eaten cold," and its savour be none the less sweet. the, ill-fcodjng rtWo-w of Captain PMI had not failed on dJd Granger's path -for years. "": ■ '" •■. : ~: ' •/;•«.■■ When Dan rode on his way to Scudder's, with ills bag of " dust"—otherwise gold dust—Lucy Granger flniehed her domestic duties, and then tat: down In a rocking ohair and swayed reatfully to and fro, with her boy on her lap, her Httle girl playing with ,a toll by her aid*. TN? .„ \- Tho enb^ttce door, ast.usU»l^ st6*l hOapit ably open ; and presently they 'heard a footstep on the bare boards of the little hall, am the sound of some one trying the handle of the office door, which opened out, of .the , bait • on. . .one tide. Dan haf locked u&.IUs olBce; Whet hid a:pii£.qt golddust and nuggets in his strong-box there. liUcy got up and opened the parlour door, which was nearly opposite the office, •nd locked out, ln^o the hall, Bonnie Boy still 111 lifer armi. BlrtHe trotting* By'her: side holding on to her skirts. The gentlemnih'"<wh<rwas* >BBeking-entraa?». to tbe-offlae turned at the slight Bound of the creak of the parlour door,, and imme diately took off his hat with a courteous acknowledgment of her pretence. -. He was a gentlema/f, Ltucy decided at the first glance. No rough miner this. His sombrero hat and Jackboots added a touch of \ pioneer -pictureßqueness to his appearance. . Had • U not been for them, she thought, ' he looked as if lie might have Just coml in from the civilisation of the outer world that seemed to lie so far beyond them there. He was a tall, fair, good-booking man, with iather delicate, clear-cut, aquiline features, a neatly-trimmed, golden-tawny- beard, and piercing, deep-blue eyes—eyes which rested pleasantly, with a touch of inquiring sur prise, a fainter touch of admiration, on Lucy's face. Lucy was a very pretty younrf woman, tall and well-built, with all the . grace of strength and bloom of health, with nut- brown curls, and great brown eyes thi looked at all the world with the elear and .limpid trustfulness of a child's gase ttt a friend. ■-■-•••■•••■. ■:■.■■..»■., '.'Did you wish to see my hurtand?" shi asked, iwlUi her tweet, fresh smile. " I wM to see Mr. Granger." " Tes, that's my husband," she rejoined with a ihade of possessive pride. " He't out just now. Was It on business you wanted to see him t" * Well, 'twas partly, on a matter of a little Business," replied the Granger* who spoke with the slow trainante Intonation el thr Booth and West, and a rather low, mellow pleasing voice. 41 If it's anything you want to send, he'* goiag to Yucas, City to-morrow—express parcel's to be sent before 7 o'clock. . But perhaps you want to see him—to talk to him ?" "Well, I did want a few word* with him/ he admitted'slowly and reflectively. " Wont you come la and wait ?" sbe re joined hospitably. " I don't think he'll b' so -very long before he's ia." The stranger looked at her and smile.l. but seemed to hesitate, for he was sl'eat for a few momenta, smiling still, with a half-amused, half-doubtful expression be fore fee answered. '"Well-, as you're so kind .madam, I think I'll step in awhile." .?5 •t«ppi6d ln *ccordingly, and Lucy ln< vlted him to occupy her husband's rockim* Cbalr, while she seated herself in the other one—Bonnie Boy, whom sbe had set dowr whilst showing the stranger in, climbinf up on to her lap, clutching her dr»?s in hif sturdy, dimpled fists-Birdie leaning against her knee; keeping an intent gaze of critlca inspection fixed with large-sited solemnity on the visitor. "You have everything very prettily fixed here, Mrs. Granger," be observed politely, glancing round the parlour, which wa» r in deed, a very presentable one for Blue Lear1 Bar. _ Nothing could well have been simple: than the furniture and its arrangement. and the bare wooden walls were innocent of paint or paper ; but everything was clean at a bow pin ; the chairs were covered with - pretty, bright chinte, a few pictures, mostly framed chromos and engraWngi, hang on the walls, ferns and flowers stood about in vases on the table and on the mantleprece over which there was a good-slsed mirror and last, not least, the Grangers' parlou boasted the luxury -of lace curtains a the windows. Tb* room, although as nea* as It could be kept without banishing even little, cheery sign of-the all-pervading pre sence of the children,- had none of the dreary vnused look of a parlour reserved for best. .Lucy's work-basket stood open by the hearth, and Birdie's doll lay limply under the table. "Everything real pretty," the vfeltor re marked, his eyes taking everything in with their slow, searching gate. " It's very plain," said Lucy, with modest depreciation that thinly veiled her simple pride In her home. " Bat we've inch a beautiful view outside that I often aay to my husband it don't matter If things are plain and simple Inside." " There's plenty things to look at Inside, too," he answered, planning from the mother to the children, with the unsmiling but not ungentle gravity we so often find In these " Men from the West." who had apparently now arrived at satisfactory coffclusiens with regard to the stranger's manners and morals, was sidling towards him, shyly smiling, with her finger in her mouth, looking up sideways *t him from under the tangle of her golden curls. " Will you come to me, little lady ?" he said. Birdie nodded, and promptly trotted acres? to him, laid a tiny hand upon his knee, and, after contemplating him for a moment, m if to ascertain whether he would bear intpec-' tion at close range, observed tentatively : " Unker Jack takes me on his lap." . " And will you come on mine V "Tes," said Birdie, readily, aiM Imme diately climbed up and settled herself com fortably on the desired eminence, swinging her feet and <beating a tattoo on his shins. " And what's your name, little one ?" hfxinqurred. •>.-— ■:..-* . — . rgirdie.'V £*) £? ;<~f ?;^ .•JJrell the geatlefian y<n|r f ufc *ame,£ aald tbjr-young mptfceji; proudfr. '■'•. ,'.-." granger D*fl Dranger'a -itta daughter,"-replied;the mite, rolling off the string of syllables without a comma. -'■' Birdie is her pet name," explained Lucy. " 1 daresay you don't see the derivation of Birdie from Lucilla ?" " I own I don't." " No, because there isn't any to see,** laughed Lucy. " She's Birdie for no reason but Just that we got to calling tier so. And this Is Bonnie Boy—otherwise Daniel Wash ington Granger." ":' '•Dan! Wossln'ton Drander; 1' repeated Birdie, delightedly, with a Jump oa the visi tor's knee and a vigorous kick «f her •mall feet, which nearly overset h«r balaacev " 80-o-ful watch," she added, with a clutch at his thick, gold cable-chain. "Me hear it go tick-tick." ~tM,! lgnt of nta Blßter «»joy»nr this treat made Master Daniel Washington Granger set up an emulous cry and struggle from his mother's arms. He pattered across to the visitor, and held up his little hands with an entreaty for " tick-tick," with a smile spreading over his whole chubfcy face which might have melted the heart of a Herod— blue eyes and red lips and fat dimpled rosy oheeks all one smile. " Don't let them trouble you," nald Lucy. 'SSiL^^^S? 11 her off«Drin«. *» th* stranger held his open watch, to Bonnie's ear. \- "They acn't trouble'ma'." hesaid, quietly, while Bonnie embraced his knee with both arms, and stamped and jumped up and down with Inarticulate exclamations, wbjch ex >rassed nU delight In the poeltton and'bis strenuousobjection to being removed fpom ! " You like children ?" asked' the fond frndther.. -. . ;:.::.: ..i..'-.-.< .. He noddtd, with»a brief •■• yea.'-'" -. "Perhaps ybir nicve-a little girt^r boy of your own*" she said sympathetically. "No, T% not 'blest in that way. I've neither wife nor child. It Isn't many men •ri these parts who have Dan Granger's luck." " Yes ; it's the children that make " "the home," she rejoined, with a contented rmlle, accepting the compliment as referring entirely to Birdie and Bonnie. " T foritet whether you said you knew my husband ?" " I've had the pleasure of his acquaintance —some time ago." "Do you think Birdie like him ?" she Inquired, with .a lively interest. " We—ell, I can't say she looks much as I remember htm." ,- - ■ " Dpn'.t you think so ?" said Lucy, disap pointedly. " dome people think Bonnie more like him. Bonnie has his eyes. He's \- papa's own Bonnie Boy, Isn't he ?" she I added, holding out her hands to the child. who, however, having just mounted the visitor's knee for the-enjoyment of a "ride to Banbury Cross," was deaf to maternal blandlahjnents. Presently, the remem brance that she had left a pie in the oven called Mrs. Granger to the kitchen. When she had duly attended to the domestic de partment, she returned—to find that Birdta had Just propounded, a diOciilt question to the visitor—namely, "Do ftsh go to heaven ?" " She has had fish on her mind ever since the man tried to paas some, stale trout oft ! bn me yesterday as Just fresh caught," ex plained Lucy. " Do they go to heaven ?" Birdie repeated, pulling at the visitor's ooat, evidently deter mined not- to lose the opportunity of getting this knotty problem solved by his superior intelligence. . * ■ " Well, don't you think, Mra.^ranger, that we may suppose, if there's anything in the Buddhist doctrine of transmigration, that they get there at last T" he suggested. "They det there at last," echoed Birdie. She cogitated awhile, turning the question over in her mind In its various aspects, and then announced her conclusion that they " must make heaven smell awful bad." _ The stranger laughed softly. " There's a curious mixing of ideas, zoo logical and celestial, in the early stages of development," he observed. . " Yes. The first thne Birdie ever heard thunder—it was only a muttered rumble in the distance—she listened to it very atten tively, and said, ' Big puss g'o-wl.' Then it rumbled louder and nearer, and my little Birdie didn't like it so much then, and she came to me for protection, and said, ' G'eat g'issly bear g'owl.'" Birdie listened to this narrative with an air of approval of her own interpretations of natural phenomena. "Has," ahe remarked, complacently. " When it t'unders, g'eat bfe bear g'owl In heeven." Time slipped away smoothly, and the con versation ran on velvet. Lacy had seldom passed a pleasanter social hour than in this stranger's company; Indeed, she could scarcely believe that an hour bad passed when he Intimated that he wouldn't intrude on her any longer ; he wouldn't wait to see Granger to-day. " Won't you stay dinner ?" she asked him hospitably. " It'll be on the table to five minutes. My husband will be glad, I'm sure, If you'll stay.'L But he gratefully declined her invitation, and rose to take his leave. " What's oo name ?" asked Birdie, as he rose. " I -should have asked that," said Lucy, smiling. " Who shall I say has called ?" He looked at her thoughtfully, stroking his golden-tawny beard for a moment before he answered: " You can say Mr. Thompson—William Thompson." - , " Well, Mr. Thompson, I'm sure my hus band will be real sorry to have missed you," said Lucy, cordially. " 1 hope you'll call again." "~-" M WIM you promise me a welcome if I do ?" he asked ; and his keen, blue oyes were serious, although a smile just curved his lips. " Indeed, we'll all be delighted to see you any time," she assured him. " Say good bye to Mr. Thompson, children, and give him a pretty kiss."" Bonnie, who was standing on a chair, nestling against his mother's side, with her arm around him, was nothing loth. He threw his fat, dimpled arms round Mr. Thompson's neck, and gave him an urairfe hug and kiss. Birdie hung back a little for a moment, with a olay at coynees, be* fore she contented to l,bestow on hfm.an, equally affectionate parting salute v ' Then iLucy Iheld out her hand with a friendly good-bye. He took her band and held it gently, almost reverently. good-bye, Mrs. Granger,'' he satt); " I thank you for your kind -welcome, and I'll .not forget Ihlß hoar. Perhaps some time you'll know that I don't forget It!" H* looked down at the children with a. «lsace that seemed to (her strangely and a<aedleasiy<seiiious. "- lM It'i a good maiiy years," he added, after-a p'a'use, " since a. baby's, kissed me'V :; Then he passed out of the door. ,He turned on the' outer threshold and .stood for an instant—a 'picturesque figure, tall and lithe,'ln the .brdarf flood of sunlight that ffilded hie tawny hair and "beard—JJftfd, his sombrero hat with a salute full of a respectf., ful 'courtesy that was almost' reverent, almost sad—and Lucy watched him out of «ight, with a serene brightness on her face," «s^>f one who has «hjtiyed a pleasant hour. " There's' been Hi gentleman here for you, • Dan," she Arid to her husband when he rettfrned. •' Ah old friend tt yqur3. Ha Waited a good time id sea ycq, Mr. Thomp-^ •on;" ■ "* "Thompson ?■" pan repeated, pausing, for ; »)»otnen't In his play at'" horse," a? he was giving Bonnie Boy a: rldo on.hla should deir; • '"Don't1 think 1 know any ThorapV •on".1 "What Christian name did he say ?" ". " WiHiam-»\yim<nai Thompson.;' "Never knew any, William. - Thpmpjon," •aid Dap, knitting hj» brows.-- "Some man. on hu.slnisw .?". . " • . ' "X«s. P«W: bujslnei*.; but he; ea'd ,bs knew you, tOo-rknew you some>years ago." ■" Wha'.t sort of -a fello/w was be.?" jHJuUe a gentleman* and very oleasant: The children made great, friends with him. and. he seemed delighted with- them. He was sorry he, couldn't wait, any longer to set you." . ■ ■■ .... '• So oai.l: not to see-him.. f"r I'm dashed tf I rwn.<iniber any Wllltem Thompson." "lie ; wat tall and fair, with light, tawny oatr and heard, and .very blue eyas," said Lucy, anxious to recall the agreeable visi tor to her hUßband'suinejmory ; " and he had • IPM scar like an old wound straight ,-own 4hjT feft choek; Juet tn front «f the ear." Dan. wheel«d«round a« If he-h-.d been ahrt. "Had he lost two joints off the little finger of the Jeft hsa.d-rthe flagar '■ n mere stump, like thta,?" " Yes, I noticed it when bswij playing with BooAie. - Dan I Why, Dan ! who was it ?" the exclaimed, the started lcok on liar kttshand^s face ''reflected opOn her own;; for.a dark Jcek of doubt and deßrrire til —■"kindled like a danger-signal in Dan's eyes —but.in anfjher. moment hie native goad humijur jeasaertellaUfj «rd b>: torst into a half-reluotpntmngh, which, however, was not all of mirth. .... ; ■ •;■• ■-■ ■•-■• •••...■-*•■■ •VW^ll, if ..that-don't beat a>l! Loo and the little ones, hobnobbing with -Captain PhllK' ".- . -. .„  -..• ..-• - ■ •■■■••■• "fcapUin Fhil • ■ Thai arerdt 1 irai—the man whor-^—" ■ Lucy stopped, her breath fairly taken away j for, of course, the sioty ■ fit Captain PhH was well known to tw. ■ > " Uhe now ■■?.? r , .-." . -."IdontkaftV," replied Lu y^aMU aghast. * He 4ksn't iv where Jhe was-'gong. He went that way." ■ : : '• " Dtd. he go into the office ?" . , " Np ; he weat, to the oflte dsorflrst, but I asked him,in here." , ■ . Dan went across -to the office, and as inred himself that the bags of goMdust and nuggets were ther.e untouched, though for the master of that, if they had not been found eafo and secure, it would hive been the Hrs,t. time, that suspicion of anything •ave daitefE highway robbery had been at ' tached, by even his enemies, to Cp'atn Phil. - , But Dan's look remained serious still. This was the beginning, but not. the end. It was not for Lucy and the children that Captain Phil had come to the place; he probably was not even aware of their.ex-. Istencsv '• .-■ i .-■.-■ "It's not Captain Phil's way to hide himself," he said, thoughtfully pulling his heavy brown moustache. " When he's once been seen about he's pretty sure to tur,n up at the ealoon. He'll be at the Four The principal saloon ot-Blue Leadlßar had been thus christened by its proud and eu tenprislng Droprletor. . "You won't go, Dan?" said Lucy, an xiously, - • ■ • " Tes. Loo." he «aid, kindly but decidedly. ." I shall go to the Pour Aces to-night. I must Just look in thefo at least, to se* what's up-^if it's only for half-an-hour,. It can't be allowed, to go round that t .'back down' before Captain Phil. I've got to he on hand there to-night." Lucy wasted no words, la remonstrance, in entreaties to him to stay at home. She knew thoy would be in vain. 'Dan spoke very quietly, hut when that look came over his face, it meant that he had made up his mind, and would a"blde by every word he said. She knew that >n would «o, and that it was best for her to let him go with-, out resistance ; but her face was pale as sho raised It to kiss him when he left her, and ahe could not .force her usual smile to her trembling lips. . "'Don't look like a ghost, old girl!" he said, giving hot', .a* hearty'fc.u£. ,">*n comV back alt right.".' . _ ' . ' '.'.,' "--■■•■:■ ■But he-was not quite so sure of that as he professed himself. ... . The iFour. Aces was crowded., that night when Dan Granger went In., It was gene rally a rather rough crowd there, and not always a' harmless one. The organs of combativeness and destructlveness were no more highly developed in the men of Blue Lead Bar than In the rest of their kind «t that time in that part of the country, and the "Pour Aces was a Well-conducted place of its class ; there were no more *' shooting scrapes" than its habitues deemed natural and necessary ; still, now and then it did happen that the peace was broken by a six-shooter war dance, and somebody was carried out on a shutter. When the men saw ©an Granger enter, it occurred to most of them that it was likely somebody would be thus tarried out this night. Dan's eye fell at once on the tall figure and tawny beard of his old enemy. The crowd was thickest around Captain Phil, but In a curious and apparently accidental way it thinned as he looked round and Baw Dan ©ranger coming down the fboin* ipaptAln^hil was famed for his quiokneas "on the draw;, and shoot," but iDan.Granger was known as a dead-shot, too. Gre*k met Greek when tbeae'two came face to face. Those nearest, to the Captain fell a'step back ; there was a break in the buss of talk ; one man who was telling a- 'story broke off "before he got to the point i the men playing poker paused and looked roun,d, cards in hand ; the bar-keeper and his, boy prepared to duck and drop behind the high counter, safe. out of shqt-range, as Dan Granger waited Quietly ..towards Cap tain Phil, nodding greeting.to this friend . and that by the way! The Captain was' standing beside a table; .on which his right, hand rested 68811/; but,: many, of those presept were. we;i;.awarp thai,, ip epUe of his manned finger, he. was as good a shot with his left ha*a as with.his. right. .A -■ few paces from, him Dan Granger came to a halt, as the corner of, the *^able' Interppsed as a sort of a barrier. -; fcaptaih ■Phll t looke4 at ,him steadily, eye .to eye. fiilence was an unusunl thing in the^iPpur Aces saloon, but Captain Phil's words.cut sharply into a silence as he eald, in his easy, level drawl':' ■•Say, Granger, willjrbu drink mjs *" Dan had' the usual Western coolness and Impenetrability of expression, and nothing in his hnparsive face betrayed his gurprlae at this non-hc«tile RroKlng ; lie only paused a moment beforehe Te'pljpd : ' ' • '■'■¥«, captain ; I'H drlnlc with you.*' Captain »Ph 11 turned eba:pjy id tfie hir. "Drink* all round !" ■ The men crowded roupd the pounter ; th« | bar-lceeper and his assiatant found their hands full. Ml' were retfdy and willing to drink wfth: Captain Phil, whose /eyes wero on Dan Granger as he .drained his idase v/ih the rest? • " '■■; 'r • •' And that was *n that Four Acos eaw of the episode of the itfflftiig of the old-time antftgoni»tB, wlrich it ft&B;^been fully ex peoted wotild end In soine sanguinary en counter: ■• ■•'■ ''■'"' "••■' ■ ;';, . Bjit as Dan Granrer went hfa way jflywn "the;lonely- track through (he jfulch tha-t night, he heard a f6lli>wlt»g forftstep fall quickly oh the path hfehlna It catao, closer, quicker—Was cT<tfe 'VPQbVhini'. tfo wb-celed rbun*. and faced the man who had' : followed^ him r an* its he saw who it wa^ his hand went quickly backwards; hV t raaolipdjfor his derrthger, cocked it t and hild It ready.- - '■ ■ ■'; '• Cantaln Phil heard the oTninous clicV. hut he-stood there quietly, ht3 bwn htijds. empty : and In-the brctad flood Qf moori:iKht which th^re' bat*e* rock and free, in Silvery light, Dan emild see there was a cufrouU smile upon his face. • ' ;• . ' : |: " Ye^ttoptainPhusWa,'^ You've got the drop on me-^bd you're about the Bret man that ever did get the drop on Phil DafrelJ"!- Bee here, t'v< Jtt^t'a wdril to Bay to you that I cdvldn'it s*y but ybnder.' i I've spent ten hour tin«dfer yoor roof thl? flay. I've Been your wife and flttie children. Now, I don't often dhange my mind, but 'Tr& ohang«\ it to-day ; arid 1 tell'you thft—yon and all of yours ar« *^fe frctfa t>i* day Wrth from me and mine!"'/ - •. '" "Vl. : : .' •• "ToU mean tha-t ?" iald Pan. loceenigg his grip of the deadly weapon he held. " There's my hand on it, if you'll take it," DliJ took the hand and grasped it freely ; and as he let It go Captain Phil smiled ag^in. That was the last Dan Granger ever .eaw of Cap:«ln Phil ; knd not many months after tftat; they heard the last of hlm^. He and his inch, probably encouraged by long inir pUnlty, had embarked on an unusually dar-" Ing venture. They had maue a kind of border raid into the rising fpd icrospercug, iif youthful, city of 'TutHeattwfc. Armed and mounted, they had dashed into it, clearing the streets, with thslr rwrolvers, burst into the City Bank, shot dowi) the cashier when h« offered resistance, fprced and riflod- the safe, dashed out o/ th^ cily as they had entered ii, shooting right and left, and beaten a safe retreat Into the mountains with their ill-gotten booty. ■i ! This was too much for the party oi ! order, which happened to be- strong in Tuttlsstpwn- Tjao free and «asy Far Wfctern code of morality is lenient to pro miscuous shooting, so long as; a man doe3 not strike hi»,cn«my in the back. Captain Phil and his Jtind had thriven' leng on the tolerance of that parverted pubic senti ment which exalts mere animal oourage into heroism. ..But now his time had come. The leading citlsens of Tutile-tcwn organ ised a Vigilance Committee, and retribu tion sharp and stern was on his track. The committee traced..the gang through the mountain eolitud«»-and closed round them in their retreat, where they turned at bay. The fight was fierce but ahort —and short the shrift' of Captain Phil and his band. Vigilance justice, rough and ready was meted to those of the gaag who were taken alive, but their leader wet not of. this*: " " '\ t ' ' .'..., He was shot down early In the struggle, and a cairn of ston«* in Red Canon marks to this day the plaoe where Captain Phil fell fighting. ••. ..- ; 