A Ghostly Appearance all Auburn. EXCI)TEIMENT IN THE NEIGH 30 URHTIOO Tho' some sceptic may deny belief in visitants frcm another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria- rueoad, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once soon something resembling a ghost-when, for isnteano, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many month ' illness. Sloe says: "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning homu'from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that-made me most miserable. Father took me to a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination so do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, " but without effect; then I consulted a well-known Oullins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Quseenslani, but shel returned jooking wore,. She would also retch on rising in thoe s tioiig: any tood taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 81be., now I am 9st. 7lbs." "A great improvement; your'treat ment must have been beneficial?" "Na; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pint Pill for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williame' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasauce's, Chapel Street, Praham; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I ant now as heartily as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend thom?" " Yes ; and that ltrongly, too," said Mr Marner, "lhad I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure aumrnia, weak hearr, sleepless ness, scorfula, consumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and clhest and lung troubles, pale and sallow com. plexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxin, neuralgen. St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, .oare Rocks, Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Stree, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and throepence, but are genuine only with tile full name (seven words), Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 