WESLEY CHURCH, LYDIARD STREET. The Key. J. H. Hadley, of Sebastopol, con ducted his lirst service in the Lydiard street Caurch on Sunday morning last, when he preached to an appreciative congregation iron 2 Timothy, i., 7:—" For God hath- not Eiven us the spirit of lear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.” The-preacher Mni that St. Paul knew bow humanity euf lered by reason of cowardliness and weak ness. The cure was to be found in the spirit oi power, of love, and of a sound mind. It ’■os a mistake to suppose that God had given 10 People ilie spirit of fear. The true esti mate of the fear of God would enable thorn to cast out al! fear. They had received the "/Pc °‘ by which they could cry Abba, Father." Every member of the oanrch of Christ was a participator in the spiritual endowment of the gift of the Holy l/j, 05 /' ° ' was the only source of power, a for which was implanted within hu manity. V.Tien tliis was directed aright their -ceai for emulation would be the God of and glory. If they studied nature Crj had evidence of God’s transforming S”-er, ami human life was also transformed. rTni? n A !CV c;uno under the influence of the dJi , os ‘ 110 faculties were taken from hut they were thrilled through and Vnn " ltu anew affection. Did not those leading Christian lives require ot (i, " “ en they considered the strength tmJ 0 of their souls, they wanted the rev 8r ° /‘ f° aid them to conquer. The ,1- gentleman made an eloquent appeal to tie* 7embers of Christian Endeavour Socie loftll i true t 0 their high purposes and tat - .'. e;l k’,and when they felt it was hard bad 'i r ' f’lhir work to remember that they tint ,i. EIo I IOUS leader in Jesus Christ, and aim ‘ s ',, ha ' i right on their side. The one a ii CBristian workers should be the te ho° t l / 10 " - They should not only require cthci sEo< '- themselves, but in blessing not », l e { would glorify God. They ould ,l owmi‘^ u ‘ a , cture lore. for that was an cn tof tte Moly Ghost. They could the,- 'o e'ooueut utterances about God, and tint Wight not realise Him. God was Love o? uence or Bentiment; but lie was when w °i R l ea “ God of our salvation—and Were /a la o received forgiveness of sits we In t’n/ 011|:n / I' llo sympathy with God. the XT*" 1 "* t,le Rev. S. Scholeß occupied •aon eti/Vt ancl during the course of his ser ont t" :i t a religion that did not broaden pond tS- iPt-busiasm for humanity was no eoiamni ue , s . nr itig of true sympathy was in oianionehip with Jeeus Christ. 