"Mayfield," South Yarra, Thursday, March 16. IffilY DEAR MARIE. ? ' . | a bleak wind and occasional showers on Saturday Mtornine, made things look inauspicious for raoe raooro and the lowering clouds Btill further damped Coir ardour. The result was that the attendance % Caul field was not nearly up to the standard, ''and ladies had to unwillingly defer a .display of jlutuimi dressing. The serviceable coat and skirt "oame into prominence, smartened up with this Reason's furs. Strange to say, the sky cleared, and //the sun shone forth shortly after one o clock, but Wie sight of the promised larVd came loo late to f'|r|adden disappointed eyes. At 5 o'clock, when de ,?pnrturo was boing mado from th© ooiarao, th© raiu #foll in torrents, and skirts were tucked up, and small "oet skimperod across the lawn, over the road, and into the station, in the shortest time imaginable. : Mr. and Mrs. George Chirnside have returned to Melbourne after summering abroad. _On . Friday night, they formed a party with Captain and Mrs. Pakonham, Mr. Harry Brush, and two or three others, at Riokards. On the same evening, Mr. Sydney Spark, who at taiued his majqrity that day, gave a theatre and supper party to fifteen-of his friends. They oc cupied the three boxes, and presented the dark-eyed "dazzler," Cora Caselli, with three basket i of the choicest exotics. The floral tribute -was a lokoh of special appreciation, as the young host finding that tho favourite's engagement at the theatre, had ox pired on Thursday night, wired to Riokards, solici ting that she might appear on the Friday, and re ceived a return wire with the information that the manager would make all arrangements to comply with the request. I-ler re-appearance plowud the whole house, and an ovation was accorded tho bright little artist. ?. 1 ? . ? ? 1 - Distinguished visitors .from Europe arrive every" now and then, from England. Last month a Duke . left us, and two titled ladies took wing for Home. Next month the Countess -of Kaqfurly and- Lady Constance Knox come from New Zealand to be the guests of His Excellency the Goviernor and Lady , Brassey at Government House for some weeks, Lord Lamingbon, the Governor of Queensland, arrived in Melbourne on Tuesday, to join his wife, "vno had been staying with Lady Brassey. His Jixcellency and Lady Lamington left for Brisbane again on Wednesday. The winter season will have a good many danolng ujen to replace, when such inveterate disciples as Mr. Claude Ilall, Mr. B. Langford, Dr. Daiah, and,a host ot others, are leaving our midst for a season. Of course, wo have Mr. George Gollin back from Europe, and a fair nuoaber of strangers, to swell .the tfcla ot ball-room Bruuimells. We want them all, int tuoro too if the godB will only Bfnd them. Last your, the deattl) of dnnuing men lefthostosses at their i> (aids to uifctob'tho" rocinlrementB of tho oooasion, j.1 " n i^d loft oil his Bhort Eton coat tn don nuniTi i °f-ev.Rnint>; rogalia. It was (h<< un tiublo i.xjnidioub in order to make end3 m> et. society wHit«U^Hivly int.created in U*o nup thH i?n, M'afl Heltrn Willis, daughter of S' W". na-i' Mr. .Tames Ash ton. M.P., on i\rn» i ur*?' oolobratod at Sutton Forest, seorH »?"yV ^ nrc?^ .0* The brido disappointed aight and !?«.<'1 U0b appearing in the orthodox ivory satin Knrh of vf"0 ^os,soin' but. wearing a very sombre Araonrr H i? fLnc' aa green Trelawny hnt, was J « k'wutltul presents roouivnd by the hride lit Govoramont House. arrival (iP ih WUa .?m'iou9ly '*PPM»h«»nda<3 aftei tho alarm Ti, i ®ovornot', bids fair to bo a vaguo frown.T,, ati0,st c\ov°lopmonl; announoos that the ViolobSomnpn,?f n?w a,ul hor «iuow, tho Hon. ,1(> the C, . 8 w *? aoooinp.'uiy tho ymmg Governor Th" formo/laUy u tho aunb of South Wni»i,lni? nnt* lat;bnr his cousin. New, gubernatorial feabivibioa are nob there § hostess6ly <^e':er^0ia^e in character for want of a THE dancing season commences, and March witnesses the opening of the festivities with.the thermometer at a moderate temperature. The suburbs,_are first to set the music playing. The ± r,?i?anball, to come off at the Town Hall at _the_end of next month, will trumpet forth the Tv.i -a 7 ^0lbourne dancers, with consider-: able.. eclat. . A grea^ deal is . expected from the 9,J5^getic committee who have the ball in hand. ' T^e Summer bas been prolific of engagements, an<i ' coniing season will see many of the compacts sealed,^ Only one which was on the tapis in January has tailed to receive confirmation by being made .public; This was tlie supposed "understanding" existing between a fascinating young widow, and the wealthy heir of a mining magnate. Xb all came about in the sylvan glades of Lome, and Melbourne girls who spent part of the Summer there, speak with envious scorn of the Siren in Weeds, who lured the spoilt hero of the sea-side away from their revels to bask exclusively-in her smiles. But so far the close friendship has nob flowered into the true lover's knot. One of the prettiest white tveddings celebrated in Melbourne for some time was that of -Dr. Wilson's daughter and Mr. T. Henty, at Balaclava, last Thursday. The bride was attended by four brides maids, who wore picture gowns of embroidered mousselines over white satin slips, and Marie An toinette fichus, with the merest suggestion of velvet as a trimming. The] only effective touch of color was supplied by scarlet Empire , crooks. A charming little .page- Master Melbourne Wingrove -completed the picturesque adjuncts to an in teresting ceremony. ' Dovible weddings are uncommon, "but the two fair daughters of ME. Charles Bracho, the well-known vigneron, chose to be married at the same time last Wednesday. The . eldest daughter married Mr, JRobert Wads worth, "whose late father for many years .held a prominent position as" Clerk of the Executive Council. The third daughter-Miss Louie Bracho-was united to Mr. Hugh Glass, grandson of the Hugh Glass who owned one of the finest mansions of the early days-" Flemington Hall," Flemington-leaving it to his children and grand- children. Mr, Glass is a member of a wealthy family. Indeed it might have been a triple wedding since another daughter is engaged to be married to Mr. Peach. Probably the parents of the two happy girls found it hard enough to part with two without giving at the same time the parting blessing to a; third. . . One of the most picturesque weddings of the month was that of Miss Violet.Keid and Mr. Sydney Casey, celebrated yesterday at St. Kilda. The bride is a girl of originality and taste. Her bridal gown was a specimen of these characteristics. It was a charming toilette, so were the two bridesmaids,, both attired in dainty ivory white costumes, made a bid for brightness by wearing very striking toques^ of vieux rose straw, with a bold relief of black plumes and brilliant buolcles. They also carried ebony sticks, which were far prettier than crooks,, and set off the toilettes to excellent advantage. Mr H. B, Patterson, a Brisbane squatter, and Mr. Gay Clark, a popular Melbourne bachelor, were grooms-: men; and two very smart girls-Miss Violet Brod-. rlbb and Evelyn Douglas-were the bridesmaids. The* bridal party was a distinguished one-good looks were as~ pronounced as was the evidence-of wewlth qlE-e"ach member of the elect group, yvInteresting '^nuptials have not yet qome to an ptK&S; On ThurVday evening, last week, a popular llCo'ster.-medioor^-Dr, Otto Ferdinand Gmelin-was united "i^the hbly'^honds to Miss Edith Clarke, a! jri^ber'di^ well-ttppwn Lilydale . family. It [ was ^^ev69ing?wpdding> \the ceremony taking place at CbiU9t>Cbu?c}5y St.'"3 iKiida, ; before a. very large, numbpt ." "cif-.speotator6, A pleasing feature . of-the prebty -bridar.'Vdutfit.' was the beautiful Malta veil worn by the.'feridei which had been sent to her from Germany by the bridegroom's mother. An engagement which is the present topic of I conversation in London is that of Mr. D'Arcy, the Queensland multi- millionaire, to the beauteous Mrs. Nutting. Mr. D'Arcy is an Irishman by birth, a lawyer by profession, a millionaire by luck. One of the first, discoverers of the Mount Morgan mine, Mr.D'Arcy's .income is put down at something like iGlOO.QQO annually. He entertains most liberally, has three residences-one a sporting estate in the eastern counties 5 a second, a couutry house near Harrow 5 and big town residence in London. This Queensland son of Fortunatus has also a private stand .on the, racecourse at Epsom. For his first wife, who was a Spanish beauty, he remained-in mourning, for. nearly two years. Mre. Nutting,, his present -fiancee, .is described as a tall, fair, handsome woman, with a love of sport, and great taste for dress.,".':.She is an Australian, being a daughter of the late Leslie Bourcicault, who at one time ocvned the Rockhamjpton Argus. Their nuptials, which will be celebrated some time this year, are certain to be on a scale of unusul magnificence. ? London Society women have put the break on, and are at' one in atoning' to their health for. that of which they .have robbed it, during the turmoil of many, sleepless, seasons. The " rest cure " : has set an like an epidemic, and the nobility are lost to sight for a short period, during which they follow the regime of their great American rest curing medico, Dr. Weir Mitchell. They take to bed for several weeks, not days; are strictly and nutritiously dieted; taboo book, letter, and newspaper reading, and are denied to visitors. It is simply a prolonged doloe far niente, and, it has worked wonders. One of the greatest personages in fashionable circles-the MarchionesB of Ormonde-has tried the "rest cure" with success,.and now half of London society seeks the couch of roses and reads only the writing on the wall. Ye gods! No scandals, no intrigues, no affaires- what a burial alive ! And yet authorities cite instances of the wonderful good resulting from the sedative^uis, inertico after the wild ebullition of the Bocial current. Two Melbourne girls, who, since their return from a trip to Europe, are, at present, the only startling dressers in Melbourne, and their appearance in Collins street occasionally brings down all eyes upon their, uncommon style. Oa Monday last, as they .whisked their tight fitting skirts along Collins street conjecture was in the ascendant as to the ^probability - of the two dazzlers being members of the New York Gaiety Company. Our girls are pursuing the Academic course at the University, witn full honors. On Saturday at the ceremony of the Annual Commencement, seven girl students had the B.A. degree conferred upon them ; two others the JBachelor of Surgery; and two the .Ml. decree-and "there are more to follow." : Tbe'friends of the Queen Victoria Hospital will not be surprised to learn that- Miss Thatcher has succeeded in reoaptucirig the 13 shillings that found their way through inadvertenoe into the treasury of the Women's Hospital. This was the money col ; looted by a country teacher, who, believing the Queen Victoria Hospital had given up the ghost, her letter . being,returned through the dead letter office, sent it to ,the Women's Hospital. In strict accordance with the eternal fitness of, things, Mrs. John Gavan Duffy, wife of the Post Master General, moved that the postal notes be sent on to " another place." The eu&den; death of the popular and widely- . eateejued, wife of Colonel Tom Prioe, at the Grand Hotel, on Wednesday afternoon, has created pro found regret among a wide circle of friends. The deceased lady became ill on Monday, as the result of the sudden change to chilly weather, and suffered intense pain for two days, breathing1 her last yesterday. Thore was no better-known figure in society than the comely and pleasant faced lady just deceased, who took, in conjunction with her only daughter, Lorna, a prominent part in all social festivities, and gaieties. Even at the recent Racing Carnival and Polo touramenfe, she Was mentioned in my " Letter'' as being a con spicuous and very bright figure. Mrs. Price was always full of spirits and gaiete de cceur, and the sudden character of her death this wteek makes the event more distressing for her relatives and friends. Formerly, the family lived in Toorak, but at present -are staying at the " Grand " from which hostelry the funeral takes place to-day (Thursday). Mr, Price was a daughter of the late Mr. Thomas Baillie, of Toorak, and a sister of the late Sir George Baillie whose death occurred about three years ago. Iu consequent of the sad event, the cricket match between the "Army and the Bar" which was to have taken place to-day, will be postponed out of resriect to the bereaved husband. Yours affectionately. STEIJIIA.. FOB downright, inexplicable . inpongruity of character, commend me to the young woman of the period. Her inconsistency is incomprehensible, her I perversity-well, essentially womanly ! Of this ) class is Bertha Cligny, or Cligny de JBoisaac, as she i elects to call herself, who brought an action j against Arthur Francis Bassett Hull for "breach of j promise." The story is a short one. They met in Tasmania. He loved and proposed. She deolined,' nob boing able to realise the consuming loveneces- j sary to an eternal junction of hearts. Eight years afterwards-Hull being mated and widowered in the meantime-they met in Sydney, renewed old acquaintance, and became engaged after due deli beration. A year later the "galled jade winced " and broke off the engagement by letter. The matter-of-fact Hull resigned himself to the in evitable with exemplary patience, and wrote to the aristocratic Bertha Cligny de Boissac his acceptance of dismissal in language teeming with a world of submission and sarcasm. In suing for damages she pleaded that Hull subsequently declined to allow ber to be released from the engagement. 16 is not a question of blighted affections or a broken heart with this practical young lady-the great struggle for the maintenance of a principle has resolved itself into £, s. d. to the tune of £2000, of which the jury has awarded her a substantial slice, ^£503. THE much-discussed question -which is E man, Walne or Megson P-was decisively Bbvh Tuesdny night, last week, when these twochl 1 » met on the Sydney Cricket (iround. dL®?1'11 I Walne's brilliant performances, many ovcM ?lS &' maintained that the New South Wales ch 1 p was Walne's superior ; but Tuesday night tCj155 " the contrary. Owing to the comments in theWfc I ! press re Walne's poor display during the 2 ,1 s light carnival, the Queenslander wrote to the SvS I papers, challenging W. C. Jackson and J. MeJn 1 ? a three-corner match, Walne to race both'r^ I singly, three heats of one mile each, for a atat I .£100. Both Jackson and Megson accepted « challenge, with the result that Walne met Ja on Monday night, and. easily accounted for n haven." On Tuesday night, the Walne v Me"' match took place, and resulted in Wains Y1 Dunlop Tyres)-winning two out of the three y! The first event produced a magnificent strtuT'" between the two champions, Walne gainin» verdict in two minutes C 2-5th seconds. The sew I heat was won by Megson in 2mins. 7 sacs, w,', deciding heat, Walne won easily by a length mj", half in 2mins. 12 2-5th sees., thus securing the JEtflu and proving beyond all doubt his supremacy, anj his right to the title of Champion of Australia,' " 