MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCES. -sssPSfec^ (BY 'BOONDI.') J%^J$&\- EING constitutionally -*%?) W^ikj -. and by force of ha 1 \fT J I bita warm admirer /® \ Y'^f of feline old aris /^M\ 1 L^'*\\.:) tocracy and nobility of the mother coun try, whether 'made in Germany ' or strictly native and to the manor born, besides reflecting that under 'Fetter- ation' I may one day be a Lord or a 'Dook' myself , our readers will readily understand my dis tress on learning that that dear boy, Prince Ludwig Lowenstein - Wer theim Frondenberg, nf Ssusqsrc-stein. on the Saurlcrautensc-hlcss, was killed by the nasty Filipinos, merely because they found kirn fighting on the other side. I didn't know pcor Ludwig very intimately, in fact I never heard of him before, but as soon as I did I made enquiries, and discovered that he was credited with having done the ' vanishing act' about a year ago, in a de cidedly sensational. style indeed. From in formation, received, it. seemed, that in '97 Ludwig was married- in London to Lady Anne Saville, younger daughter of the Earl of Maryborough, and to ell appearance went through the dread ordeal of marriage, like 'a soldier and a man.' Some time after that the Duke of Portland 'gif a barty' at .Wclbeck Abbey, and Ludwig after 'shaz- j zvin' round with Anne and a few other (haughty dames, went out for a smoke, - and right there all reliable information about !him ceased. It is not absolutely certain that the person killed by the Filipinos was iLudwig, but, at any rate, his wife — beg, pardon, Ker Serene Highness Kis liiiy, has been aa gocd (or rather as bad) as a widow ever since the fateful night whon lie left Portland's ballroom, and soli, 'I go me oudt shoos't now undt shmcl'-e von leedle bipe-' ?...?::? * ' The number of- men who vanish the mo ment Ihey are married, or very soon after, is shiialy marvellous. The number of wo men who do so is simply nil. How do you account for that ? In Australia no less than seven husbands cleared cfi from their beauteous brides during ths past year the moment they got .clear of the church door. Why they undertook the risks' and respon eibilities of .marriage without enjoying any of its ravishing delights, is indeed a mys tery, unless they received secret informa tion that their brides 'had made the wed ding cakes with tneir own iair nanas. Wives never desert their husbands without giving them a fair and impartial trial — for a week at least. And when they do, it Is the easiest thing in life to bring them back. This is no idle statement; it is the solid truth, and I found the recipe for se curing a nighty wife's return in an advt. ?which ran a,s follows:— 'I hereby caution all persons from giving my wife, Belinda Blanque, credit in my name, she having left her home' without any cause. Also, Wanted, a good-looking young housekeeper. Highest wages given, and ' will be treated es one of the family.' Belinda returned next day, and has been a model wife ever since. The best antidote for one woman is another woman. * * * * The number of men who suddenly seem to vanish into thjn air every year is ap pallingly wonderful, and very often those disappearances are as sensational as they are sudden. One of the most striking ex amples of this occurred to the famous clown Grimaldi. Grimaldi had a brother, who 'had left his Jiome and gone none knew whither for many years, but one night Grimaldi, after sending' !his London audience into ehrieking fits of laug-hter, was standing at the ''wings' when -he was told that some one wanted to see him at the stage door. The elawii- .went, do-.vn,.. end was . thunder.-, struct ' oar finding his long-lost ?' brother before him. In the few minutes they had for conversation the brother told Grimaldi that he' had returned to England- rich -and ?well, and had determined to settle down and roam no more. Then, as the ciown had to hurry off to his business, the visitor, with much evidence of affectionate emotion, made an appointment for that night wlien the play was over: Grimaldi hurried to the rendezvous with :a joyful heart, but the brother was not there. He was never se.en again. Grimaldi, like most clowns and hu morists in general, was a serious and ra ther religiously-inclined man, and felt sure lie had been speaking to his brother's ghost, but the most likely explanation is that the unfortunate stranger was robbed and carefully 'put away.' Murder does not always 'out,' as Macbeth would have us believe. * * * * The number of men who disappear after marriage is legion — or, perhaps, 40,000 legion would be nearer the mark. Many of these may be simply dissolved by. the burning bliss which bursts upon them when they enter the wedded state, but there are more who depart through sheer disappoint ment. For example, there is the case of the Maoriland man who vanished the day after his marriage, leaving naught behind but a note, which ran: 'I thought I had married the loveliest woman in the world, but, after looking at her pads, paste, teeth, hair, and all the rest of her artificial fix ings, I have come to the, conclusion that I ihave married a walking anatomical mu seum. — Ycur disappointed Dickie.' That was adding insult to injury, with a ven geance. ' « « ? * There is a peculiar form of brain disease ovhich causes men to forget all about their lives — even their names — and wander aim lessly away wherever their legs may chance to carry them. A case of that kind oc curred in Melbourne, and another here, and it may account for same mysterious disappearances also. Speke, the famous African explorer, disappeared suddenly on the eve of his marriage, and all London -was fairly stood on end with astonishment at that social marvel. There 'is something of the detective in every person of cute Intelligence, and so the London editors and police were nearly driven crazy by the bushels of clever explanations of Speke's strange flitting that were poured in upon them. Men threatened police in spectors with Parliamentary censure, if itfheir deep clues were not followed up; others threatened editors with personal violence if their unmistakably correct so lutions were 'not published; some even ?went to the direst length of all, and threa tened to 'stop their papers.' And, after months of tumult and something very like a civil war, poor Speke, totally unconscious of all the rumpus he had raised, was dis covered to be peacefully driving bullocks on a quiet little farm in Devonshire ! None of the thousands of astute elucidators of the Speke enigma had chanced to light upon any solution like that, and for long after the great explorer was the most uni versally hated man In Great Britain. ? * * ? ' James Payn once truthfully remarked ifihat there is a temptation to some feeble minds, to do the vanishing trick, even though, there be no sort of necessity for it at all. They are ambitious to make a stir of some . kind, and they 'have just enough intelligence to know that their mysterious absence gives them notoriety, and invests them with an interest which their exis tence never before created in anybody. In the well-known case of the London citizen quoted in Nichols' 'Anecdotes of Litera ture,' there seems to have been no other than this selfish and egotistic motive at the bottom of the business. This man sud denly withdrew himself from his wife and family, and disappeared for a quarter of a century. , It Js possible the fellow may have been a bit of a grim humorist in his way, 'however, for it was afterwards clear ly proved that he had resided for the whole 25 years in a neighboring street, and, al though his disguise was never found out, ?he had ample opportunities of noting how things were carried on at home. If the deserted wife only had the good fortune to have a number of good-looking gentleman friends calling on 'her, I fancy the prying old party would have soon discovered him self, and perhaps been soundly kicked, as he certainly deserved; but, anyway, I re member telling the above story to a mar ried lady who, after a few moments' reflec tion, confidently observed, 'Ah, well, that tale may be true, but the dodge wouldn't work in my case. I could swear to my Jo'hn's cracked old voice ten streets away, and as for recognising him in a disguise, why, if he boiled himself down into soup, I could still .swear to his bones!' 'John' has not yet disappeared, -and I doubt if even ?the grave will be able to hide him from his Jane. * * * * A- strange story is told of a prime aris tocratic blackguard named Beckford, who in his old age, and when lie had exhausted every pleasure and excitement that his nature could devise and (his money pur chase, came upon a young married man who, through sheer poverty, was just about to commit suicide. Beckford soon per suaded him to renounce that notion, and offered to settle a. large income both on the young man and on his family upoa condition that the husband should imme diately clear off to some distant land, lead a totally new life, and never upon any con sideration see his wife and two little chil dren again. Once a year ;he had to report himself to the millionaire, and fully and truthfully describe his sensations, whether his desire to rejoin his family grew greater or less, and sp on, the whole forming a method of devilish' mental vivisection which one can scarcely believe any man capable of bearing. I don't know how the matter ended, but I think the originator of the scheme was fully entitled to have a special Sheol made entirely for himself. . * ? * * . ? It is almost as dangerous to comment upon a 'mysterious 'disappearance' as-it is to prophesy before one knows; but there is a much greater temptation to do it. A lost man— there is never a Io3t woman; the alleged softer sex knows Its way about too well to ever get 'bushed' uninten tionally, -and is too honest to ever have occasion to 'skip by the light of the moon' — a lost man is only less interesting to his fellow- creatures- than buried treasure. Hi3 case (until It is known) comprises every material for excitement and every element of romance; there is no incident so sug gestive and at the same, time so inscrutable. Take the Tichborne case — probably the most mysterious and romantic the world has ever held— and note the influence it possesses even .to-.day. it is fairly quiet now, but- let anyone pop up and declare he can point to the real Sir Roger, and in stantly the excitement goes up to boiling pitch again; everybody who knows anything about the matter, and a legion of people Who' are absolutely ignorant of all con nected with it, rush into print, and make the lives of unoffending, but perfectly help less, editors as great a weariness as though triplets had been born to them, and the 'Spring poetry' season had just com menced. ♦ * * * Australia has had a fair share of 'mys- terious disappearances' already; a criminaj one, in the shape of the dread Bermagui case; a. humorous one in which a man re-, peated the London trick of suddenly leav ing his wife and family, and living a few streets away from them, but in. this in stance the party who did the vanishing act endeavored to throw a little cheerfulness into it by taking another wife along 'to enjoy the fun. After a year or. so the police grew offensively officious;-.', however, a'nd; threw- the fiitter 'into gaol, - from.. ? which ho has not yet been able to give' a vanish Ing performance. In the way of a romantic disappearance (it happened some seven years ago), an engaged couple stood bidding each other the usual lingering, long 'good night' about ten minutes' walk from where these lines are being written, and about 11 o'clock they parted, after making due arrangements for an early marriage. The male lover was never seen again. About the same time, a 'bank man ager at Uminster, England, was kidnapped on the eve ot his marriage wi th the rector's daughter by a wealthy dame who was mad ly in love with him, and who succeeded in getting him on board her yacht, and sailing away to a foreign shore, where, I presume, they lived happily for ever more. Whether the Sydney man was spirited away in a similar fashion or not, I can't say, but 1 know I gat such a terrible fright on read ing about the Ilminster case that I never stirred a step outside at night for a month after — not even to go to Parliament or the pantomime. As the gallant captain says in the 'Miles G'loriosus' of PJatttus, 'It is 'a terrible thing to be a handsome man!' * * ♦ » ' ? '.During the bursting of the grsat Austra lian land boom ' 'mysterious disappear ances' became, as common' as divorces' are to-day, but in nearly all these cases the particulars were written in large letters, so that anyone could read them a; a glance, and before long the 3imle of the police on a case being reported was beautiful to be hold. One instance worthy of mention even now was tha: of a very big boomer in an cl'her colony, who, while enjoying his even ing pipe in his magnificent mansion, was honored by a. visit from a bank director and a smart detective, who wished to place a few figure problems before him. He begged them to wait until he told his wifs not to wait up for 'him; but instead of re turning to have a little fun with the figures alluded to, he passed out through a back gate, and about a month after his terribly decomposed body was found a few miles down the adjacent river. At least, some body's body was discovered there, and the twelve good men and true who sat upon it charitably concluded it was that of the missing 'boomer.'- A year later the 'de- parted' turned up in Mew York, apparently none the worse for having been drowned and sat upon by about: 144 stone weight of a coroner's jury, for he was coming out of a tip- top restaurant with a beautiful blonde goddess on each arm, and a smile so full of celestial bliss that it nearly cracked his face in halves. What gave an additional flavor to this mysterious disappearance is the fact that the month after the boomer vanished from Australia, a double which he had on the Melbourne Derby and Cup came off,' and the sum he should have re ceived from the bookies would have cleared ali his liabilities, and enabled him to still pose as one of his colony's most respected and influential men. The devil's children do not always share their sultry papa's good iuck. A careful consideration of the vanishing trick leads me to conclude that the man who suddenly makes himself scarce simply in order to see how people will get on without him is a bigger fool than even the nigger who tickled the hind legs of a mule with a straw 'jest to see if de ting war alive.' The vanisher might just as well poke a pole into the Pacific Ocean and try to measure the hole that was made when he pulled it out- No man can make sure of his reputation until he has been dead and buried five years, and if he could return to earth then, he would probably find many of his old-time friends so forgetful that if they ever alluded to him at all, it would be as 'Mr. Whatthedevilisthathisname was ? I used to know it once !'? There was probably never a man of modern times so indispensable 'that he would be called back one year after death by a two- third raa j ority of the people. ? ; 