"Off the . High Road/' by Eleanor C. Price (Macmillan and Co., from Messrs. George Robertson and Oo.j, is a pleasanE tale of English country life. The plot is based on the following advertisement,which appears in the "Matwingham Post": "Will any kind people, living quietly off the high road, receive a person in serious trouble, homeless, and friendless? Ad dress M., 60 Crossway- Btreet, Manning ham." This notice attracts the attention of Mrs. Downes, a good-hearted country woman, and her daughter Jessie, with the result that the advertiser, who turns titat to be a beautiful young lady, is received into their homely and comfortable farm house. Here is a mystery to begin with, and it soon affects more than one person, especially young Mr. Edwin Dampier, the son of an impoverished squire in the neigh bourhood. The story is interesting with out being too exciting, and the rural charac ters are well drawn and amusing. "The North Shore Mystery," by Henry Fletcher (George Robertson and Co.), is, as the name indicates, a story of crime and its detection. A prominent sporting man in Sydney is found stabbed to ileath in his bed under very strange circumstances, and the question of course arises, who is the murderer? The wife of the murdered man is committed for trial, although those who know her believe her to be incapable of euch a crime. Police-constable Hobbs sets himself to investigate the mystery, and is in the end successful. The most amusing character in the book is "Soft Sam," a quite impossible old gentleman, who knows everything in the way of wickedness, and devotes himself to leading young men into evil ways. One of the best things in the book is the description of a race for the Sydney Cup. Mr. Ernest Favenc, the explorer, is favourably known by several stories or the wilder phases of life in Australia. "My Only Murder and Other Tales" (George Robertson and Co.) is a collection of short pieces, mostly of a gruesome and blood-curdling kind, hut written with a good deal of force and reality. Some of them deal with bash murders, as, for instance, "The Sea Gave Up its Dead," "The Eight Mile Tragedy," "Jerry Boake's Confession," "Blood for *Blood," and the "Boundary Eider's Story." One or two are ghost stories, while several, such as "The Story of a Long Watch," "My Only Murder," and 'The Belle of Sagamodu," are of a grimly humorous kind. iff. Favenc is at his best in his descriptions of the more for bidding aspects of the Australian bush and desert. He brings vividly before us the sun-baked plains of the interior; the lonely dried-up waterhole with a skeleton, anhnal or human, at the edge; the dismal man grove swamps, with their dimy, salt-en crusted pools, the haunt of crabs and croco diles and flying foxes-scenes dreary and desolate in the extreme, fitting spots for ghastly crimes or supernatural visitations. ' '? ' The reader who has no objection to have j his hair raised by narratives of fearsome deeds will read Sir. Favenc's stories with pleasure. Mr. Richard Le Gallienne's new book, "The Romance of Zion Chapel" (London: Grant Richards, received from Messrs. Mel ville, Mullen, and Slade), though wanting in the fantastic humour of his "Quest of the Golden Girl," conies closer to ordinary life, and is a more compact story. The plot is simple, and can be told in a few woids. Theopliilus Londonderry, a young man filled with the most advanced ideas in art and literature, is appointed lay pastor at j the New Zion Chapel, Coalchester, and does | all he can by lectures and other means to j raise the people of that provincial town from the slough of Philistinism in which they are plunged. He becomes engaged to Jenny Talbot, who has a desire for modern culture, and looks up to him with admira tion, and he initiates her into the mys teries of Tolstoi and Ibsen, Rossetti and Walt Whitman, Dvorak's music, and Mor ris wall papers. In an evil day for the young couple a lady reciter from London, Isabel Strange, is invited to Coalchester to give some recitations at a concert, and be fore long Theopliilus discovers that, though he still loves little Jenny, Miss Strange,who has all the new ideas, is the one woman in the world for him. She is impressed in the Fame way with the young minister, and, though they both strive hard to do their duty to Jenny and keep the fatal truth from her, she finds it out. Thereafter all is dolefulness and desolation, ending in deepest tragedy. The earlier part of the book, describing the efforts of Theophilus to imbue the shopkeepers of Coalchester with some of his own "modernity" and love of outre forms of the beautiful, his lecture on Walt Whitman, the arrival of a Morris wall-paper, a picture by Rossetti, and a cast of the Venus of Milo, is very j amusing. The latter part, however, though some readers may like the long drawn out pathos and command of tears which it shows, will be felt by many to be too sad, while the ending is cheerless and depress ing. "The Romance of Zion Chapel" is written with all Mr. Le Gallienne's charm of style, which almost reconciles us to the piled up agony of the story. Mrs. Walford's new novel, "The Arch deacon" (George Bell and Sons, received from Messrs. George Robertson and Co.), is one of the best of her recent books, which have been coming out at a rate hardly consistent with grea't literary ex cellence. Theobald Yorke is a young man of high aims and ambitions, which in course of time fade away in the pursuit of worldly success and social and professional advancement. He enters the church, and at the age of forty is a sleek and prosperous churchman, an archdeacon, a cultivator of popularity and great people, and likely to reach a still higher position. But, al though he knows it not, he has long 6ince lost all his zeal, ear nestness, and spiritual ideals. When very young he had made the acquaintance of a charming girl, Irene Ravelston, who strongly impressed him, while she in turn was fascinated by his self-revelations and frank confessions of his lofty aspirations. "We seem to suit each other," she re marked in the course of a row on the river. They were at a romantic age, and neither of them had been under the spell before. But worldly counsels intervened, and the acquaintance was dropped by Theobald. Years afterwards the pros perous archdeacon met at a country house j a wealthy widow, a Mrs. Velasquez, who, to his great surprise, turned out to be the Irene of old days. He made up his mind to renew the incipient courtship inter rupted twenty years ago. The lady was rich, beautiful, and more fascinating than ever. Why should he not marry her, and with her aid rise to still loftier heights of, social prosperity? But it takes two to agree to a marriage, and Irene was quite disenchanted with the sleek, self-satisfied churchman. She told him so, and bitter indeed was his mortification and disap pointment. This, of course, is not the end, but to find it out the reader must make the acquaintance of "The Arch deacon," which can be recommended as a readable and interesting story. 