FED1SRA-- tfOJLNTS. 'Averaging the incidence of taxation at so much per head all round is all right,' said Mr. Barton at Waverley last night, 'if you suppose that the baby is going to wear tailor-made garments of broadcloth, smoke, and drink spirits, in which ease he'll probably want bailing out of the watch house about once a week as well.' Even a federation which did not include the great and growing colony of Queensland, says Mr. Barton, would be productive of enormous and last ing benefits. After their experience of Messrs. MacLaurin, Pilcher, and others, Mr. Barton thinks the people of New South Wales will never more put any faith, in ghost stories. 'These wreckers prate about the inequalities at present existing between the colonies,' said Mr. Barton at Waverley; 'while they stand self confessed as wanting the very things which will perpetuate them.' Mr. Barton says that the material benefits of federation will be far and away beyond any charge which it can entail, while the latter will be nothing like twenty-two sb'lings and sixpence per head. 'As the representative of nearly one hundred thousand electors, and the chosen leader of the Federal Convention, what sort of a man would I be,' said Mr. Barton at Waverley, 'if I delibe rately misled an unthinking people into a union ?which I knew to be wrong? I should earn the undying execration of a nation.' 'This bill does not provide for the millennium of the MacLaurins and the Pilchers — a nominee Senate.' — Mr. Barton. 'It will take about two years,' Mr. Barton says, 'before federation can be got into working order and a federal parliament can; meet.' 'We could get a tariff, I suppose, to -which Mac Laurin's, to use an Hibernianism, would only be a fleabite in the ocean, but we won't,'! said Mr. Bar ton at Waverley. 'The Queen could declare war upon all the nations of the earth, if she chose, but, not being a fool, she doesn't.' 'The constitution is a machine for the enact ment of broad government,' says Mr. Barton; 'we, don't -want it to stipulate how you shall regis ter your dogs.' 'No.' shouted a 'pertinent in terjector,' 'Wise dees that.' 'There are,' re plied Mr. Barton, with a stony glare at the inter rupter, 'a good many whom Mr. Wise would be well employed in registering.' 'So great are the benefits which I expect from federation that, did I know that the first decision of the Federal Parliament would be in favor of f reetrade with the external world, I would still vote for it.' — Mr. Barton at Waverley last night. 