yw* bhsw* Dtwrni.) tV; «.& fcWSE BY THE i,: JCCHYARD. • titles from Loudon,by Ih<-. mdo of HAcKife-frequcnteri road, there i-thomo )Mril|o(a Ini^c old hnu>r built. of rod Ink'); and #Qir</uoJod by n rieh wiMt- mohfj of /t gvdon. 'flic window* in Imin wciv large, and looked hh if bmU fur tbi: I'lijuymem. of the tine prospn-l which opened inallilircc Clans ftjvuud <fio flight vUvutiun on which the hoU8c whs miff i. Siuingcrti xvlio parsed along the high roud during the <hiy,urnl,look ing ii|> »(. the lofiy front*, huw the backs of tall oliiuihuwd thcoi'g' Htifruinbrouh drapery dimlyoulhncd thrnu^ii tin long accumulated dUbt UpUII (lie pUlit'r, U< llld luiVC MtppOSed the hout>e to bo hdi;tbiud, If they yHMted again !aiti at ulj:hi, and happened to look up once more «t ilir»die;»ry manbion bathed in the w«i«d moonlight, they would tdiuddcring ly hurry fin, for there vup, as the ticote.h wouid luive *aid, " u decided uncanny look about the phup." | One line autumn evening two young »rtiht*, who Jmd brcn rumbling about for tjoino daya on a NUetcldng cxenridon, slopped at the fcntig little vilhigc inn and ordered euppcr find rouiiih fur the night, the jug of foaming ale being brought id by the landlord of the 1'catheiB in t»ev«on. M Fray can you tell u»," said one of the nrtJBU, "anything about that odd- looking brick house juK at the end of the village here ?" " Don't know what house you mum. air," Bttid the boNt, fit the mhhu time diccring off towards the door, though lie had previously manifested an inclination to remain. " I nunn thul tall old liuuse with bay win* dowb.that Htnnds in the garden adjoining the churchyard." continued tlic atligt, »uinmag itig hiH poitfolio. " I don't know anything about ill** war the dogged reply. " Thi* iB the place," exclaimed the young art)fit as he producod a (hawing. •• Look hero,you inuRt know tho liuuw, surely. Don't you recogii'H • it ? " " Well, yis; 1 suppose I Know which you mean/' aiibwervd lite lundlurrt with evident reluctance; "but you'll best oata*kany questions about it. Airl if you'll toko my advice, you'll just jut that drawing at (he bAck of (lie fire " " At the back of the firct " cjnculntcd the two friends in a brcuth. " Yen, goiil lemon, ut the bach of the fire nt into the middle of it, whichever you^pleasc." " Thut would lie a new way of finishing off a sketch,1' said the one with (he folio; *' but before I adopt*your extraordinary advice, Mr. Landlord, 1 should like to be informed of your reasons for giving it," 41 No good can conic out of talking about it, one way or another," said tlie worthy ltaoifac#, shaking birthead; " and 1 warn you to disiniBB the matter from your mind. Forget you Raw the house,and think no more about it." " That is An jmpuwibility. Vou see I looked upon the old building with an artibt'e eye in the rays of (he huh, and 1 should like to have a glance at it in (he moonlipht. Any chance of going over (he old {dace to-night, think you ?" " Good God ! youne man, you don't know what you ask for! Why this ib the 27th of October, the very night', the ditad miniver aary! " " Anniversary of whnt, luudlord?'* ejacu lated the young man. 9 " A foul crime I But ask mo nothing more, for I'll not answer. If you are n.ad enough to tempt fate and divine Providence by pay ing a Visit to that old house by the church yard, go to Tom Giles, the sexton, he's always ready to give the keys to anybody who wants to bch» the horrors of that terrible d walling place." With pallid face and with trembling foot* steps the stout host now left the room. For some few minutes tlie ycung artist* stood by the Are, tlie elder, still holding the drawing in his hand, presently, with a derisive smile, cxclaitning: " What superstition, Markbam, in these enlightened days. Well, ghosts or no ghosts, I'll visit the old building, and to-night too. Giles, the sexton, the old fellow said,had the keys. I saw that name on (he door of a cot tage by the church* Moylmp there is some thing queer about the place, and as this seems to be the very witching time of the year as well as the night 1 shall go V' " Where, Gus? To bed?" 11 No; to this Tom Giles, the S3Xton and keeper of the keys of the old house by the churchyard." " Are you id downright earnest ? ** " As much ns over I was in my life. Will yon go too T" " Not If indeed, Cue. I shall go to bed, where I would advise you to follow. Come along, Berrington, where's the good of going over a damp, uncomfortable old den of a house, and catching, perhaps, abad cold, and all to convince yourself of what you know I very well already—that there are no such things as ghosts." "Oh, AS for that, Markham, I'm very certain that the stories about ghosta and haunted houses are all rubbish ; but I've made.up my mind to pay a visit to this queer place and just see what (here is to be seen." With a light step and a merry laugh the yoang man, leaving hisfriend at the inn, was aeon trudging down the moonlit road. The village was now wrapped iu tlie deepest I alienee, except when some wary house-dog, aroused by the passing footsteps, gave utter ance to bis sonorous bark. The young artist remembered distinctly (lie eituation of the sexton's cottage, and, aa he*, drew near the little habitation the glimmer of a light from the lower casement proved that someone was astir. The church dock was striking twelve as the young and enthusiastic artist knocked at the door, which was immediately opened by an aged, white-haired old man—the sexton himself, who, in a querulous voice, ex claimed : " I'm going about the job now. You needn t have come again." " I have not been here before, Mr. Sex ton/' said Berrington, with a smile. " I beg your pardon, sir," mumbled the Old man. " What is your pleasure V* " I want the keya of the oldhouBe hard by. "Eli!'* ejaculated the sexton, raising the lantern he held in his hand and scru tinising tlie visitor. "Aye, aye! I see. * Well, yon can have 'em. I suppose you'll pay me for my trouble V* " Will that satisfy you V said Berrington, banding the old feJlow half-a- crown, "Yes. There's the other job; 1*11 take one with another. There are the keys, and you had better take the lantern.1* " All light, 1*11 bring them back safe. But where the deuce are you going with your tools this time of night ?*'' The astonished artist here stared wonder ingly at the sexton, who, securing his spade and pick, prepared to leave the cottage. 41 I'm going—he, he 2—l*m going to dig a grave for a man that isn't dead yet!" replied the old man, leering hideously and chuckling like a gnome. " You see, I can't work as * UMd to, and it's aa well to get "I understand," ejaculated the artiat, with a laugh, as he turned away; the sexton mut tering,as he hobbled towards the churchyard: " It's funny he ahould liave conic to mc after what I've seen and auk about his own grave. Ha, ha, he'll bring my lantern back safe! Well, if he don't I'll go and fetch it, that's all!" About ten minutes after leaving the cot t-:i^o tile artint had gained the old house, being rather startled us he fancicd he saw \\\ pule gTcntu of light from one of the upper wiwlmw. "It mubt bo the reflection of the moon light," muttered the bold visitor. "The moon's rayH entering by some cancinent at tlin back,failing upon home polinhkd surface, are reflected upon tho front windows, and, uf course, your matte ericN out ghoul*!" With a bcornful luugh, now opening tho outer door, Ucirington was presently (stand ing in the hull of the old house. Something and warm daubing iu his fnee jib he walked Along the corridor, he lifted up bin lantern, diHCovering a host of. bats, that disturbed hy the sudden glare of light, were flitting wildly about the hall.. Having no superstitious dread of thefie in tcroKting and much-abused little animals, he merely watched for n moment their fantastic and noiseless gyrations and passed on to wards the spacious staircase: ascending this I he soon trained the floor above, in one of the | front rooms of which he had seen the mys terious light. Here iiU the doorB save one were locked, and upon pushing open this latter, Herring ton found himself in u large handaoinely-. furnished bedchamber. At one cad stood a massive bedstead with dark green curtains at the head, whilst some substantial heavy old-fashioned chairB and dressing-tables" were disposed about the apartment; every-* thing denoting comfort and means. In startled amaze the daring young intruder! gflr.cd at the scene before him. A thorough srrptic and materialist, Gus Berrington \va9 struck with awe as be noticed a .phos-. phon^eent glimmer overhead with a heavy, damp odour in the air that caused a difficulty* of breathing. About to close the door, for despite hit nerve and courage he felt awed. mid depressed, he started forward filled with curiosity and excitemcitt as he heard the; sound of a foot in an adjoining chamber. i Darting behind the thick, heavy curtains i. that draped the easement and concealing bin lantern, Berrington had barely taken up hie. position before he was startled and confoun ded at the appearance of an old roan, who,, with flowing white beard and bushy, beetling*, brows, crept slowly and cautiously towards, the bed. , The bed, upon which, as the pUosphores*! cent light increased, the young spy now be- | held the form of a beautiful woman appsr- j ently in a deep bleep, her hands,upraised and. clasped in prayer, resting on her bosom. Gliding, without a sound,to the bedside the old mun *tood for a moment glaring at the (deeper, and, to the horror of the beholder, presently sprang like a ghoul .upon the un« conBsiouB woman. Froren now with terror the horrified Berr ington, his feel like lead, etolefojih from his concealment,Blaring in frenzied astonishment at n huge ruddy tire blazing now in the giate, Unseeing or unheeding the witness to his foul crime, the midnight 'assassin, springing from the bed, a newly-born babe in liia arms, approached the grate, and hurJ ! ing tiic infant among the livecoals,proceeded to heat it down deep in the lurid glowing mass. lu ivtld horror atBiiding statue-like in the centre of the room, the artist, a kind of vcitigo Heir.ing him, bad been alike incapablc of flight or of interposing between the fell ussossin and hie victims. Rooted to the Bpot, hie Mood runniug ice-like in his veins, he had witnessed Lhis double inurdcr. The more harrowing in its horror that ncTcry, no sound, had woke up the stillness of the chnnibei. Only, us the aged ataatsin, turning round* fixed a cold glasny eye upon him, was life and coumge restored to the startled artist, who fttaited forward as tine murderer glided from tile apartment of death, and followed him to the landing or corridor without. Heating no souud of footsteps as the assassin descended the Btuirs, llerrington remained leaning over the balustrade watch ing, in wild horror the departure of that eliding, silent figure, and then, as pressing against the woodwork in his horror and ex citement, old and decayed, it suddenly gave way, precipitatiffc him below with a crash tliat woke up horrid echoes through the old hoUBe. , finding that ht« friend liad not returned to the inn during the night, early the following morning the young man Markham called upon the sexton; the two, upon enter ing the old house, discovering the etiil living tterriogton lying in the hall. With some diffieulty they carried him into one of the parlours and laid him on a mould ering couch.- - The unfortunate young artist revived sufficiently to relate the dread vision he had witnessed (he preceding night and t'.ieit-«xpired. " Wtiut do you think of your friend's experience of the old bouse by the church yard?" asked the sexton, breaking the silence of death. "Poor Berrington!' sighed Markham, raising his head from the droopiug position in which he had watched his friend yield his last breath. " Ho must have been dolirious from liis fall, and fancied that dreadful vision." "Not at all; it's all true. Your com rade saw the phantom of the old Baronet Sir Kverard Vere, who in mod jealousy murdered liis poor young wife and child. He died in a madhouse, ho did, and my father buried him; but the old fellow still haunts what was hiB favourite residence in his iifetiroe and the scene of his crimc—The Old House by the Churchyard. The End. 