ST. EHiDA COUNCIL Monday. August 7tfa. Present — Major Kemp, »nd Crs O'DoDnelljConnibere, Allen, Stedefori, Sir George Turner and Jacoby. HEALTH. The local health officer reported four cises of fever since th£ previous meet ing. HA.WK1NG. Mr H. Wesslink, Acting Town Clerk of Prabnn, wrote for information as to the regulating of hawking in St Kills. Iof jrajation 1 1 bs supplied. ROYAL YACHT GLOB. The hon secretary of tbe Kojal Tacbt Glub wro'e intimating that the club desired to lease a piece of ground on the foreshore. It was decided to ask the committee oftfeclub t- confer with the public works committee of the council at its next meeting. TBEE PLANTING. In connection with a petition recently presented to the council asking that some traes be planted in Carlisle street, at p;tiuoners' own request, M-t W. Jlichards wrote slating that whereas the Town Clerk had stated the cost per tree would be 12'6 the surveyor esti mated the cost at 17/6 per tree. Councillors eipressei the opinion that as ratepajers in other portionB of the ward only paid 12/6 per Uee, it was not right that tbe Carlisle street people should be called upon to pay more. It was then decided that tbe tree plant ing be carried out, the question of cost to be left over. HOSPITAL SUNDAY. The hon secretary of the Rose of Denmark Jjife Boat Crew Band asked permission for the band to nse '-he pavilion on Hospital Sunday. The re quest was acceded to. LOCH STREET. In reply to Mr D. Conole, it was decided to make improvement to the footpath in Loch street, the ratepayers interested and the council to bear half coEt each, tbe total cost of the work being £40. TWO MATTERS. Mr M. Byrne wrote in reference w defective drainage at El wood, and Mr M. A. Bennett complained of tbe state of a piece of footpath in Punt road, and both matters were referred to the pnblie works committee. LARRIKINISM. The Rev J. T. Evans wrote calling attention to the conduct at nights of a number of joung men in Chape i street. The M*yor stated that the Chief Commiitioner of Police had recently iniormed the council that whenever the service; of a plain clothes constable wtre required, one couH be obtained. He (»he Mayor) suggested that repre sentations be made to the local Sergeant of Police on the subject with a view of wearing the services of a plain clothes man. This was agreed to. MARINE STORE. A recommcrdatio:: by the public works committee read as follows : — ' Tbat in regard to the petition from licensed collectors in reference to tbe Linton street marine store, and also in reply to letter from Mrs D. Schwarzman, they be informed that tbe council will not further stay the j proceedings the police have been asked to initiate, and that the police be notified accordingly.' O Jacoby asked that the matter be allowed to stand over for another fort nighty as it was inten led to invite the city solicitor before tbe public works committee to make a full ststememt of the case. After some conversational diseus sion, S:r George Turner r^se and said it woolJ bs unfair to Mrs Schwarzman and the ratepayers concerned that the matter should re dangled before their eyes without being definitely settled. He Jailed to sec why the matter should be hcl J over, and it shonld be proceeded with. End the matter to-night, and put the parties out of their misery. He moved the adoption of tbe clause. Cr Cjnoibere seconded. Cr Jacoby tl-en made a statement of the wnole matter. Prior to the last prosecution against Mrs Schwarzman the city solicitor had advised the com m'ttee that tbe council was prosecuting und-w the wron£ section — that the council did not hare a ghost of a show, and that he had tried to save the hocor of the coddciJ, so as not have it made a laughing etrck of. Cr Jacoby again p'eaded hard for the matter to be ad journed S3 as the city solicitor could be consulted To save delay, call a special meeting of the council. (Dissent from lafy ra'e^ayers present.) Thi Mayor : We are pleased to ece ritepayeis present, bnt there must be perfect silence during debate. Cf Jacoby (continnicg) said the advice of the city solicitor could be taken «b definite. Or Surdeford supported the last speaker's plea for adjournment. The council should not incur any farther legal costs without consulting the city solicitor. 8ir George Tamer said perhaps it be advisable' to obtain the written opinion of the city solicitor as soon as possible, and he suggested that the Mayer interview him, say, on the following Wednesday, and if tbe rolicitor advised a fresh prorecutjon, ^ that course be immediately adopted. Gr O'D- nnell was surprise i at the rush shown in dealing with the matter. It had teen postponed for come time past, and why rush it now, for the sake of a fort light? He would be no party to a prosecution without the opinion of the city solicitor. Ultimately tbe matter was left in the hands of the Mayor, Cr Jacoby and tbe Town Clerk to get the opinion of the City Solicitor. BEPO&TS.; Public Works committee payments ;£573. dames in tbe committee's ' report ware adopted as follows : — That with referecce to letter from Defence Department as to fiaoding of the EIkdoI B. fle Range,. it be an in struction ta the eity surveyor to take levels, and mate an .estimate of tbe costcffjcorotracting an ontht^ntD. TBat with regard to letter from the . Metippalitan BoanToT SVtrke, re fixing a meter it engine and dog house, erfcet ifsene, the city surveyor be , inBtructed to prepare an estimate of ih quantity of water used and report to next meeting of the committee. That Mis JEL Wilson, of No 6 Inker man street, lie psnnitted to erect a sign board on verandah of her premises, ib° work to be carried ont under the super vision of tbe city surveyor. Finance committ payments, £542 ; receipts, £931. BIE-LAWS. The folowiog were adopted : — Tost a specisl order be and is hereby made acd passed for adopting the following regulation numbered 3 of the CityofSt Kildi. la pursuance of the powers conferred bv eection six of the Police Offences Act, 1890, the council of the city ol St Hilda doth hereby ordtr and direct a Follows, toat is t j say : — j 1\. Cleuse 1 of regulation No 1 o* the city of St Hilda i« hereby repealed. 2\. Any person obstructing any carriageway, footway, or public plac± rlthin the City of St Kildaby stsn lin^ or loiter *ng thrrein or thereon -h-sl', upanebeing required 60 to do by any diember of the police force dscominu such staniing or loitering. j Notice of nulion of Councillor j Allen. i *- That a special ordcT be and is here- t bv made and passed for the adopliuncf 1 bje.law No 66 ol the City of St K H-, made »h pn-8ca-.ee of the (.offers cor errei by section 191 of tl.e Loc*l Government Aci 1890, adopting sccji-jn 36 of sub-division 1 of part 10 of tLe thirteenth schedule to the Act relnting to the proper lighting of vehicle?.' 