OUR STORY. A MONT AUK INCIDENT. < — — By. Henrietta Dana Skinner. Concluded.) I- heard his confession and prepared him for death. He seemed ready to go, for he was too ill to struggle, and death appeared to him as a friend, as it does to most of us in our last hour. When I saw that his conscience was at ease, and had done all that I could for him, I said : " Would you like to see your mother?". " Wouldn't I ?" he exclaimed. " Poor mother ! She has had a hard life. The boys were wild, and father drank and abused her. She will feel bad to lose me. But she could never get here,' poor mother ! She never was out of the city in her life." " But she is here," I said quietly. " I have just seen her." He looked incredulous. " It can't be mother," he said sighing. " It's some other Byrne. There's plenty of the name. She could never find her way any too well in the city ; we always had to look after her. It's some other poor fellow's mother." "We shall see," I - said. " I will bring her here and we shall see." , I threaded my way among the tents and wagons and packing boxes, past groups of men and animals, to the spot where I had left Mrs. Bryne. The sun had set, but the air was breath less and close. The ocean breeze had failed us in our need that day. The homely, patient figure stood there in the twilight, the lips moving and the beads of the rosary slipping through her fingers. She started forward at sight of me, too weary for eagerness or smiles, but with a patient gladness lighting up the plain face. " I knew you couldn't help but find him, Father," was her greeting. "It may be a mistake," I said cautiously, " but come with me." I turned to re-enter the camp, when an officer blocked my way. There is something about these young officers of volunteers that arouses all my com- bativeness, though, with the latent sympathy between priest and soldier, I will obey a regular to . the dotting of an " i." 1 tried to'push past him. " No entrance," he said curtly. " And why not ?" I asked. "No civilians allowed in camp at this hour." ... " By whose orders ?" I asked again. He drew himself up haughtily. "By mine !" he thundered. Then I did what I should have done in the first place, if I had not lost my temper. I put my hand in my breast- pocket and pulled out my , permit, signed by the commanding officer, and countigned by the Secretary of War, giving me entrance to the camp at all times and places. The officer sullenly withdrew, and I passed in. Mrs. Byrne was about to follow me. " You have no permit for the woman," he said, holding her back. She stood patiently still. " She goes with me," I said. " Her son is dying, and I am taking heir to see him. There is. not a moment to lose." " You may go where you please," he replied, " but you must get a separate permit for her. Women are not allowed to enter after dark. " I knew he was in the right, and there was nothing to be gained by . arguing or pleading. She must take up her weary waiting once more. " God help you, poor soul !" I said. " Keep up your courage and trust in God." " I will, Father," she replied. " Sure He has never failed me yet, glory be to His holy will." The tears rushed to my eyes as I turned away. Ah ! how often it is the poor who teach us the Gospel, and we, who are sent to preach it to them, may sit at their feet and learn. I went directly to headquarters, for there is no use applying to subordin ates, who often have not the power to help even if they have the will. The commanding officer was the busiest man in the camp, but his time and attention were at every one's service,, and I had no fear of result. Never theless I must await my turn, and it was striking nine oclock before I once more rejoined the patient, waiting figures in the moonlight. We hurried along in silence. Sad scenes passed before us, heart-kreak- ing sounds met our ears, but we passed rapidly by, absorbed in fear of being too late. I opened the flap- of the tent. It was dimly lighted, but peering into the far corner I could see the pinched waxen face, and the: fever-scorched eyes glaring in the: darkness like balls of fire. He still lived and was conscious. I drew the mother forward. " Is it he ?" I asked. There was silence as she groped her way towards the cot ; then a wild cry rang out, a sound hardly human in its agony. It was as the cry of some hunted wounded animal. But in ,'an instant she recovered herself and drew nearer the cot. The nurse moved thoughtfully towards the door, and I turned my face away. Such a reunion was too sacred for witnesses.. But I could hear the mother ap proach the cot, I felt her bending over the poor living skeleton, and my ears caught the first words she ad dressed to her dying boy, the last left: to her of three. " Larry, dear, have you made your peace with God ?" I went down on my knees then. O woman, great is thy faith ! and surely the Master is not far from thee, .who shall declare thy praise before all the Court in Heaven. The ghost of a smile crept over the: lad's livid features. " Yes, mother," he murmured ; " and now I know that it>is'really -you and.not a dream,. for that \yould be the first question you would ask me." " Praise be to God !" she cried, but He is good to us, Larry, boy, to let us be together again." He raised his thin, wasted claw, of a hand and laid it over her broad red one, stroking it fondly, and saying from time to time, " Poor mother ! Poor morher !" He tried to tell her something in broken whispers. I guessed from her subdued exclama tions that he spoke of his brothers. The young girl had crept to the other side of the cot, and knelt there sobbing quietly. At last he turned his eyes from his mother and looked at her, and for a moment their fever- light was subdued to softness. "It's little Annie," he whispered. " She must have brought you, mother, for you could never have got here alone. Annie was. always good to you, mother ; she will be good to you when I'm gone." At last the great change came. It was ten o'clock when Larry Byrne's mother turned hastily and beckoned me to the bedside, and together we said the prayers for the passing soul. Then she tenderly closed the quench- ed eyes and crossed the emaciated hands. The young, girl had thrown herself face downwards on- the floor, sobbing convulsively, but the mother stood like a statue by the bedside. I tried to murmur a few words of comfort and hope. She turned towards me, her homely face transfigured by a smile of infinite faith and patient trust. No sob escaped her, though the tears poured down her broad cheeks. " Yes, it's God that knows best, Father dear," she said. " I ain't asking any questions, for He has known best all along. He took them two wild boys where ; they were scared into saying their prayers reg'lar, and His mercy followed them away to Cuby, and sent two foreign priests to anoint them. And now that He sees fit1 to take my Larry away too, glory be to His holy will ! The three boys will be waiting for their old mother up in heaven, and in God's mercy I shan't be long in going to them, for me poor heart is broke, me heart is broke, me heart is broke !" 