FAIRWITHOUT MB FALSE WITHIN. By JOHN JL EEYS. Author of "Tire tandsaas," "The Btoefc Terror," "At the Sign of tire Goldes. Ham," Ac. CHAPTER Vn.—A STRANGE REQUEST. As the summer advanced Lady Gwynre, and, indeed, everybody at Alderatone Hall, felt the need ^ £ change; ^ maeh it was deddedtiSt iheSmily should ^ ^ V " lgar ^fi ^ I f»Pid «ian English wwter- Stgnor Rubmi atffl remained an ^SUI of Lady GWynne's friends One ?w of £ them had even gone -the iengfch of hin-ting feer opinion, at whidh Lady Gwyime had betaken herself in teaj-s to Mr. William, and that faithful dependant of tbe bouse had dissuaded her, with (for him) unusual blun-tnass, from Tnalring any- c&aage; for tbe present. It was quite necessary, he said, that Mr. Finch should have Sgaor Rubini's assistance for some time longer. Tie stocks and shares left behind by Sir Jasper had not been sold—the number and value of many of them had not been, ascertained. Nobody but Sigjior Rubini could put things straight, and there was really no reason why he should leave. Lady Gwyrme was a little surprised, and a good deal relieved by this expression of opinion: and rooms were taken at Worthing for the whole family, Miss Pedlangton and the dhildfen. in' eluded - At .tibe last moment, however, Mr."William declared ttiai he bad changed hie mind —he would go jSshing in Scotland instead. Not one pera>n in the house had given Mr. William credit for so modi power of independent action. Lady Gwyime eaad, half seriously, that she believed he bad changed his plans amply in order to avoid trodbSng himself wife "tie lugcage oo -(be Joeney to Worthing; and Mr. WiHiam smiled in a. do. preca£ing manner, bat made so icply On the evening before tbe Samoiy left for Worthing Mr. William found Msrel standing alone at one of &e; wmdowg in tbe library, and coming up softly, a goitla hand on her shouldes. She started, aod frrrvntrf round wiiii a frightened look; thfn, seeing who jt woa, she seized her consin by Hie ann and burst into a fit of ciying. This was so unusual a -£bmg -with Muriel that Mr. William -was sore prat to it to know what be bad better do. Perhaps ' witat be did was Ifae best tfaug he ootdd have doce—he drew bear ±o a coach and made her sit down by and got one of her bands in has own and stroked it, murmuring at the same time pet names and loving words. "Poor littie Mewf be aaid one time, and Muriel looting up szmled at through, her tears. It bad been, her nursery name, and had been strictly prohibited by the authorities in case it should stick to her for fife. The sound of it brought back the days of short, frocks, pinafores, and lesson-books. "Muriel," said Mr. William, very genfjy, "one afternoon I happened to come in here and found yon and Signor Rubini toget&er.; I fancied—it may bave been only a fancy of mine—i&at; he was saying wnnwhlwnp. to you. Am I right?" A pressure of the Band in which. Mn, William held has answessl him. "You did not accept ban, did you, my dear?" "Oh! no—no!" "Well don't you think % is j^ist possible that he may ask you agaan—wfoen you are at Worthing, for example?" • "Oh! I hope not! I let b?rn see, last time, tbat—that I didn't want to hear anything of that kind from him. Not that I do not like Signor Rnbim very well, bat "Exactly, my dear, I quite understand," said Mr. William, just as though die had finished her sentence. "But there axe people who -will scarcely take 'No,' for an answer. I think it quite possible that Signor Bubini may asfc you again; and, if be does, I wish you to give lum an equivocal answer. Ask for, time, tint wifl be best. Say that it is a very important matter for you, and yor fear that 2 yoo were to give him such an answer- as he wishes you would incur the displeasure of your relstioris; and make that an excuse for your asking for time to make up your mind. Don't vend him away with a plain 'No'— ask for a week or a fortnight, and he will be snre to wait as long as that for his answer. ' i "But Cousin William, I know what my answer must be!" "Never mind, child. Will you do as I tell yon ? That's rieht, my dear; thafs a good > child. And will you let me know if all this happens that I bare been, imagining?" "Of course, if voo. widi it" "I do wish it. my dear. I wemt to 'know when Signor Rubkd renews las offer to you. I want to know at once. And I want to know when lie Is to espect you to give roar final deraaoB." "Why, cousin W£Biaga3 . Why do yaa want to know that?" "Well, for one thing, 3 " said Mr. William, speaking very slowly and thoughtfully. "I rather think tl.'it if yonr answer is 'No,' Riimor Bubini wont stay very much loncer in Encl.tnd; and I would like to bid him eood-bvc before lie leaves for Italy— that's all."" The explanation seemed rather inadequate. even to MnriA who was Ifr no means of a Ruf=ni<aous disposition; by none other was forthcoming, «o she wasJbblioed to accept it for what it was worth. She promised however, that she would do as her cousin wished. CHAPTER VHT —A CONFIDENTIAL TALK. Srnne days after lady Gwynne and her family-, nr-eoimximied by Signor Rubini, bad lo?r. for Worthing, a young man, clad in a bine »=erpe suit somewhat the worse for 4 ook a third-elaas tieket at Waterloo for *Merstone. He./liad the usuaS imn- 'ia of an artist with him, bnt his face did not wear <tbst expression of buoyant honefillness and enjoyment which one somehow associates with <ttie artistic temnerament. His tall form was thin, and his face "ale, as if he bad not been taking enough exercise for some time. There was a withered look about his face; his dress was that of a gentleman, but it bore signs of neglect. His expression was grave and sad. He chose a smoking carriage, and smoked almost without intermission tiS the raid of his journey. But be was neither reading nor chatting to bis fellow-passengers —• simnly paring at the landscape as it whirled past t>>e carriage windows; and to tell the -truth he did not really see a single feature of it. •W^-en be alighted at tbe little wavside Nation which bore the name of Alderstone, though it was two miles from the viiSage, the station master saluted him with a friendly smile. "Ts my uncle at home. Roberts?" he said > tihat functionary, when the train had resumed its winding couite through the vnl'ov. "T am taking him bv surmise." "He's «t home aH right. Mr. Alan," answered the man. who had known him from childhood. "But the famflv at the Hall ar" all awav at the seaside." '•J know." said tie young man. amply; nd an uncalled-for blush tiaeed his cheek or a moment. "Will you kindly see that v Ittseage is sent on?" he said, as he turnd awav. Dr. Bompas was fflad to see has nephemr. e was a confirmed bachelor, and was alays pleased to have some one to sit down o t.ible with him. And besides, he had omething of the feeling of a faither for the oung artist, who was tie sou of his only ister, lonsr since dead. "I'm afraid you wiB tarve to spend the vening alone." he said to hxs nepbew, as hev sat together in flie house porch after hen- early dinner. "Mrs. MsHer, of Tour sh Farm, may send for me at any time.** ",A."k right, <a"r," sad Alan, ab=enrtlv. 'You are always welcome, Alan," said ]ie doctor: "*bnfc -mhy do yon come here just ow, when all the folks at i&e; Hail are wav?" 'That's just it, sir. I didn't care to meefi nv of them." The good doctor looted ait Ins nephew's ale face for a few moments in silence. hen he laid his hand in kindly fashion oil he vrmmr man's knee. "Alan." he said, rwhIliuc very ^erira^ it won't do to go on Eke this. Yon moat ull yourself together and play ttie part o£man," Alan's face flushed as it h*d done onea efore thai day, but much more deeply. "What you siv is quite irrte. But it & asier to nay I will do a thing Gke that than o do it." "Don't you think a run on the Continent miM do you good? Or PIX TOOTvttis ^ in aris or Botie, T have a. few pooads lymg dle at the Bank." Thank you a tfewimnd times, tir. Toe re very good to me. BtA T leave tlwi ountry tiH—till it is seiHed beyeexd reedL" With that he rose Amutly and wenfe he garden, and %06 uncle made ik^ effort _ Hflier to call hrm baA or ftBov lEm. The trfoetor was not wrong in Ins tunuH. e had just svcaHonred a <an> of tea. wben e was snmmoned to Ebnr Ad "Farm, and he pet off, teffing i it mftJM la OT-nmg befV>re%e-wm orry to be left done for -fte evening: So ad taken a irreai imuuutwjBaHe lancing o visit i&e-; Tfa^ «m£- once jsaacr ©Wongh the •woodland paths along -which it» had wandered not so long ago with 3tnn» at his side. His heart hungered tor anything that "would bring her, in a manner, back to him; and he thought he might venture to take the melancholy pleasure Jub heart longed for winen no one -was at tit* Hail but three servants. Kvery bush, every tree, every turn of tils road, as "he drew near the house, to speak to him of the sweet girl he had so nearly wen—as he believed—for his own. J i was there they tad met one rainy mooting, and he had walked on to the Kali with her, never dreaming that any one Twwld think his doing so in any "way r«??najkaihle_ It was here they parsed that Sunday afternoon when the.v had walked back from afternoon service together, and she had of her own accord given him her hymn-book and prayer-book to cany for her. Tiiey had been standing just there as he gave then* back to her, and their fingers met for 3h instant. He remembered the very feefix oi her glove as she touched his hand. \- His heart was full to bursting of an emution he could not master, X 'an went on tik he had passed through both park and shrubbery, and was close to the house fhwf To •his surprise, though it wsua not yet - dark, a light was banning in die cmafl room which Sir Jasper had called his study. 1 here was no blind, or it was not dxam down; and without thinking wtat he wtis doing, Alan strolled -up to tihe window, just as he might iiaye done in the old days, and looked in. A man was sitting, with back to him, at a table which was covered with large accouat-books and papers tied up in bundles. The door of the safe stood op<ai, Showing more account-books and more bundles of papers. Ijneonsciously die young man gave veni to a short whistle of aetanMlMxieat, and t&e; man at the table turned his bead. Jt 'was Ml-. William—or his ghost. A3 an had been so finmly amraaced Mr. William Crwynne was faondreds of miles away that ihe almost felt as tthough it had been the ghost of the poor relation, and not 'himself in bodily substance^ that walked Pitoss the floor to hiin- "What on earth axe yoa doing here? _ thought you were in Scotland," cried AWi "when the window bad been opened. "I ehajstred my mind—tiiat's all, Mr. Wflliam, ahaiing 'hands in ashy'sort of way, as if it were he wiio had intruded. ''But I don't want it known tha± I liave come back—for purposes of my own, you understand t" Alan was amazed, but he readily protniswent on Mr. . , .. -„ - s coveted viUi documents. "Tf you have nothing better to do, perhaps you would came in lead me a fcand." Alan readily consented, and the two worked on together, tracing payments, verifying statements, and the like, for more than two hours, fey -that time Mr. William, who 'had beea a t work nearly aH day, was exhausted, and said, with a sigh:— 1 think we have done enough for tonight. Let us go out and smoke a cigair." He locked up rihe books papers in tile safe, and, teaching down a bos. of cigaxs k frcm a shelf, ihe shook his head on noticing that it was half empty, then it to Alan, at the same time «hooang a cigar for himself. /"Thanks," said Alan; "I think I prefer a pipe," and be pulled a blackened boar ont s of his pocket. '*It is more sustaining, you know. "You don't look well," said Mr. VViUiam, d without -looking at his companion. A shade of annoyance crossed Alan's face as (he answered, "Iteinks, I am quite wrfL' e "You are not well at all, and I iionk I knew the reason," aaid Mr. William. A3an made no reply. "1 tbink, you know, you are making a g -mistake," said the older man, steadfastly regarding hhe burning end of his cigar. A.ian Puled hard at his pipe, but st31 said nothing. "It seems to me," slid Mr. William, quite undeterred by tie young man's gi'lt^w "that <t>hings are not by any means so hopeless as you imagine." His arm was instantly gripped, as if by a hand in a eteel glove. "For Heaven's sake dont feed me with Weluave hopes—you know wiiai I mean," said a voice Jicarse wiflj excitement • in -has ear. '"But if you <have any real ground for thinking that—that " ^ "I think you are an ass," said Mr. William, tranquilly. '"Don't clutdh mv arm like tliat; it's not made of indiambber. Yes, I think it was foolish of yon to qoairel with Muriel and go oS, leaving €tee fieid to your rival." \- "What could I do? She had as good as told me &a.t; she preferred <tbat Itiatian. fellow to me." "That may be. I daresay you had been making yourseJf particularly agreeable to her just -then." y , "Look here, Mr. William, I'm not fond of m w d t c w y making apologies as a role, but I would go doivn <on my knees and beg her forgiveness ;foj—for anything I said if I thought it would be of the smallest use." . "I don't know about going down on yoor knees—I shouldn't think xha& would be necessary; but as to iiie other part of it, I think it might do good—not just haps, but by-and-by." "Mr. Wjlliam, I will bless ytm a£ my life! You are the best frieird a poor wretched creature ever had!" 4 '"Don't talk nonsense, if 70a ptease; and don't squeeze my hand like thai. I don't be able to write a line to-morrow." *"T aai soitj'. Bu.t do teH. me why yoo •think so." "Well, for one tiling, I itappen <to know that our Murie3 had an offer of maxriage -not long ago. Yes, you are quite right, from a foreign gentleman who has been staying at the Hall for some time." "'And didn't she—wasn't it accepted? 0 asked Alan, his iace nearly white as ihe trunk of the silver birch he was g^anding under. • "No, it was not accepted; but nerflter, I understand, was it decidedly rejected. A± least, I believe that before long the ofier /will be renewed." • fir^t of these short sentences hod raised Aictn's hopes to a mountain top; th« second hurled them into space. And once ugain they were raised np, (hough oat to euch a. hpigfot as before.' . "My own belief is that this time "Qie gentleman's proposals w31 be finally rejected." "But they may—'they may be accepted.*-" "Possibly." "Mr. William, is there anything I can do? Do vou tAiink she would look on it as an insult if I went down to WorriaaE?" "I wouldn't do thait if I were you. I wouldn't stir in the matter at ajl tiH the foreign gentleman is out of it." "Hut—tout it may be too late f!hen to "interfere." "And what good do you think your interference could do?" said Mr. Wilnam, in his slow, mild tones. "You tried that once before, and it wasn't a marked success." Alan stared at his companion. Could thai be the meek Mir. William laying down thi2 law in this manner? "Then you think I have some ground for hope?" asked Alan, after a pause. "Certainly I do. But do nothing in 'bbe meantime. Don't go to Worthing till 1 advise you that the time has come. W3i you promise me yoa won't?'" "OI course I promise." Mr. William turned to go back, for they bad strolled into the paik, and Alan walked back—with him. Little more was said, but when they parted Mr. William's pathetic "t wish you wouldn't shake hands like that!" tekafied to the warmth of Alan's gratitude. The young man kept his promise—so far, • at least, that he kept away from Worthing. But on the following evening Muriel received an envelope bearing the Alderstone postmark—an envelope which contained a sheet of paper on which were written the words: "I love vcu." (To be continued on Tuesday.) 