Mainly About People. SIR George Newnes says in Tit Bits that "Mel- bourne is said to be the best defended capital in the Empire." MR. G. Ruthven Le Hunte, C.M.G., Governor of British New Guinea, sailed for Australia in the Orient Line Oruba, which left London on January 6 THE Hon. David Carnegie, having launched in London his book, Spinnifex and Sand, dealing with his Australian experiences, has determined to start on another exploring expedition. MR. W. T. Stead, writing of Bismarck, considers it the one redeeming point in his character "that he believed in ghosts, and believed in God." Mr. Stead concludes his article on Bismarck with a question which has a beginning and no end. SIR Jenkin Coles, who is an Australian native, celebrated his fifty-eighth birthday on January 19. The popular Speaker of the South Australian Parliament has a brother in Melbourne who is one of the partners in the old firm of Robertson and Moffatt. THE Duke of Manchester has told a London news- paper reporter: — "I shall abdicate none of the rights of my peerage by making my debut on the stage, and I shall come and take my seat among other noble lords on any occasions when I think my presence useful to the country !" DR. W. M. O'Sullivan of Collins-street, has another brother in the profession, who has just come from Ireland, and has commenced practice in Mel- bourne. A second brother who also arrived is a priest, not long received in Holy Orders. Father O'Sullivan was one of the nine priests who accom- panied Bishop Moore from Home, a little while ago. MR. George Reid, the Premier of New South Wales, is evidently used to political surprises. On one occasion when he was on the stump he was sud- denly struck on the forehead with a venerable duck- egg. He calmly wiped the yoke out of his eyes, and then turning to his audience said, " Thank Heaven the moa is extinct." MR. J. Medway Day, who several years ago was the able editor of the South Australian Register, and lately held the same position on Sydney Worker, has given up literature to go into the groceries and pro- vision line. He has been appointed Secretary and Manager of the Sydney and Suburban Co-operative Society, Limited. MR. T. J. Houghton is about to write in his paper, The Clarion, published at South Grafton, " Personal Reminiscences of the Labor Movement, Industrial and Political, from 1885 up to date " Mr. Houghton was in the inside running of the movement, and was a member of the first Labor Party in the New South Wales Parliament. MR. R. C. Maclaurin, who has just won the 100 guinea "Yorke prize at Cambridge," is a Waikato boy, who studied at Auckland College. He has been at Cambridge six years, and in his second year graduated with first-class honors. He has won quite a number of prizes and scholarships, and has been appointed to professorship at the University of New Zealand. EMILLIO Aguinaldo, the leader of the Filipino insurgents, is a man of weak morality. He accepted a Spanish bribe of £10,000 to give up the war and go to Hongkong, whence he was taken back by the Americans in the hope that he would help to defeat the Spaniards. Admiral Dewey declares that he has never given Agninaldo the slightest, recognition as an ally, nor has he recognised his " Government." MR Herbert Mcllwaine has achieved considerable success in London, with his story of Australian bush scenes, Dinkinbar. Appreciative reviews have ap- peared in all the lending English organs of literary criticism, and bushmen say the book is true to life. Mr. Mcllwaine gained his knowledge of Australian country life on a station in the north of Queensland, in which district he and his brothers were well known in the eighties. QUITE a small sensation seems to have been caused in some quarters by the discovery that ladies are taking to the use of the monocle. In this con- nection it is stated that Princess Charles of Den- mark has worn a single eye- glass for some years, and her example has been followed by one or two ladies in society. Princess Maud has always been quite the most up-to-date of the Queen's grand- daughters, and her monocle was quite in harmony with her piquant prettiness and bright manner. ROSA Bonheur earned her first money in copying the paintings of old masters, working early and late helping to support her family. Her first animal picture was a goat, which pleased her so much that she gave up copying and took up animal painting. Models being too expensive for the slender purse of the young artist, she would tramp miles to a farm, carrying a meagre lunch in her pocket, to sketch an animal. When only nineteen years old she sent her first picture to an art exhibition, and at once was pronounced a genius. A RELATIVE of the late Mr. James Tyson, writing from Liverpool (England), makes some slight correc- tions in the particulars given in the daily papers. He writes that Mr. Tyson's father, William Tyson, did not go to Australia in 1818, but in 1808, and, further, that it is a mistake that he accompanied Mr. Commissioner Bigge, who went out in 1810. The correspondent says he has a letter from Lord Knuts- ford dated March 18, 1891, in which a minute from the New South Wales Colonial Secretary establishes the point. THE announcement that the Earl of Beauchamp is to succeed Lord Hampden an Governor of New South Wales is a surprise. A Worcester gentleman, resident in Melbourne, states that he is a very popular landlord, and that when he was mayor of Worcester during 1895-6, he was very highly esteemed for his business capacity. In 1897 the Earl of Beauchamp was elected a member of one of the London School Boards. His selection to the position of Governor of New South Wales is pro- bably due to the influence of Lord Jersey. THE crisp suggestiveness of the American voca- bulary continues to be unequalled. What can be prettier for example than Senator Berry's threat to the Prussian eagle. " We may be obliged," he said, with a sort of paternal air, "to whip Germany yet." There is an aroma of legitimate privilege, of re- cognised authority about these simple words, en- tirely in accord with America's traditional great- ness, which carries an acknowledged charm to all lovers of the modest and moderate. Fancy the great empire, founded in blond by the man of iron, thrown ignominiously across Uncle Sam's knee and slippered into good behavior! Imagination is un- able to conjure a deeper humiliation; and yet this is what she is threatened with unless she ceases to meddle in Philippine affairs. HOW Lord Brassey was " potted" by the snap-shot photographer of an American newspaper when the Campania arrived at New York, is told by Mr Hall Caine to a recent interviewer. For some time says Mr Caine, the photographer, who had arrived at dawn with a literary confrèbe about the deck without doing anything to attract attention.' The sun was shining and Mr. Caine, with Lord Brassey and other distinguished passengers, were standing under the shade of the hurricane deck, watching the panorama of the city as they approached the landing stage. Presently the interviewer drew Mr Caine to the ship's side to point out a 'sky scraper' building, on the fourteenth floor of which he said he lived. Mr Caine out of courtesy complied, and subsequently it struck him as funny that this person should be so sedulously circulating such valuable information about himself to Lord Brassey and each distinguished traveller separately, when all at once he became aware that the snap-shot man was busy behind him. SINCE the Prime Minister of Queensland, as they love to oall him up North, has been invited to join the Conference of Premiers, he is beginning to put on the golden syrup. Mr. Dickson reminds one of the ubiquitous buggy companion, always ap- prehensive of danger, and ever ready to grasp the reins in anticipation. She can always steer better in emergencies than the legitimate driver. His position in the Federal Conference will be somewhat unique. With no statutory authority from his own colony to act on its behalf, and no legitimate standing but that which courtesy accords, a more modest man would find his sphere of useful ness contracted, and his influence nominal. But the Queensland Premier is not to be discouraged by trifles. He would review the entire labours of the three Federal meetings already held and goes so far as to propose, with a jaunty air, that another Convention be created for the benefit of Queensland. And yet he gives no guarantee that his colony is prepared to take one step towards the solution of the great problem. The last act of the Spanish-American tragedy is followed, in accordance with the eternal fitness of things, by a and act comedy. The ashes of Columbus have been removed from Havana and interred in the Cathedral of Seville with imposing ceremony. The immense concourse of "mourners" wept! If the floodgates of nature were unbarred for a man who shuffled off the Mortal Coil four centuries ago, the Spanish must be even more emotional than an impressionable woman. Or was the irrigation of his bones the last tribute to the death of the colonial empire? And yet those people — the women of Granada-stoned the statue of Columbus a few weeks ago for his unpatriotic conduct in discovering the land of their conquerors ! And this is not the most amusing feature of the comedy, for the authen- ticity of the antiquated relics is doubted. They are supposed to be not the bones of the great discoverer, but those of his son, Diego ! As imagination is a more fascinating mistress than reality, the Spaniards may be allowed to enjoy their harmless delusion enenvied. MR. C. . Langtree, formerly Victorian Public Service Commissioner, who died on January 23, was one of the first officers of the Victorian Mining De- partment, and during the stormy period of the Brough-Smyth regime Mr. Langtree formed one of that hardy little band known as the "Seven Con- spirators." The story of the stand made by the officers of the Department against their old tyrannical chief, Mr Brough Smythe, forms the most exciting in the annals of the Mining Depart- ment. Long after Mr. Smythe was dismissed from the Service, it was discovered that he was incurably afflicted with cancer in the stomach, and it is very probable that the ravages of the disease, though unknown, were responsible for his cantankerous disposition. By a remarkable coincidence, Mr Langtree, who eventually filled the position of Secretary for Mines, became stricken with the same frightful disease. In Mr Langtree's case, however, the existence of cancer was not even suspected until within a few weeks of his last illness. He had taken two trips to England since leaving the service, and appeared to be in the prime of health and strength when, quite suddenly, he was prostrated, and after undergoing a terrible operation, sank rapidly and died last Sunday at the comparatively early age of 52. Freeman's Journal is responsible for the follow- ing :— During the Federation Convention in Ade- laide, Sir John Downer told a rat story to his friend, Mr. Edmund Barton. A certain man was sup- posed by his friends to be ' ratty.' A cruel prac- tical joke was constructed. It was arranged that the 'ratty' man should be invited to dinner, and that a live rat should be served up under a cover in the second course. The dinner came off as planned, and when a cover was lifted in the second course a rat bounded on to the table and jumping to the floor got clean away. All eyes were fixed on the ratty man. Seeing that he was watched, the 'ratty' man laughed, and addressing the company said, ' I sup- pose you think I saw a rat on the table ? Well, I did not.' "Mr. Barton said he did not think much of the story. Sir John Downer was disappointed. In the course of time a Federal Convention was held in Sydney. After lunch one day Sir John Downer strolled into the refreshment room. There he heard Mr. Barton telling the rat story as " one of the most humorous things he had ever heard." Mr. Barton told the story well, and when he had finished Sir John Downer cheerfully remarked, "I am glad you like that story Barton. But if my memory serves me rightly, you said there was nothing in it when I told it to to you in Adelaide." Mr. Barton relies very much on his memory, for his wit. THE appointment of Sir Andrew Clarke as Agent General for Victoria is proof that Sir George Turner has abandoned all idea of re-organising the office according to the ideas of Mr. David Syme. Some appointment was necessary, for Sir Andrew Clarke could not be kept as acting Agent-General for the full term of three years, but it is very convenient that already two years of that term have passed, so if Federation fails Sir George Turner still has the option of becoming Agent-General. The duties of an Agent-General are no more understood by the average politician in Australia than are those of an ambassador by British legislators. The negotiation of loans and the dissemination of information con- cerning the colony are only routine portions of their functions. An Agent-General is the confidential representative of the colonial Cabinet, just as the Governor of a colony is the con- fidential adviser of the Secretary of State for the colonies. Lord Salisbury in an address delivered last month compared diplomacy to a game of whist, and asked how could a Minister or an Ambassador play the game if someone looking over his shoulder kept shouting out what cards he ought to play or ought to hold. "Why did you lead diamonds, when spades suits you better? Why play a seven when a five would do as well? " As Lord Salisbury said, to play under such conditions is to give the game to one's opponents. A Premier can order his Agent-General to submit arguments and requests to the Colonial Secretary, but he can only ask the Governor to do the same, and the Governor naturally puts things from his own point of view, which in most cases is very different from that of the Premier. Take the very recent instance of the correspondence over the Undesirable Immigration Bill, and see how different was Sir George Turner's and Mr. Best's view of the clauses objected to by the London shipowners compared to those of Lord Brassey. The ambassadorial functions of an Agent - General, first officially recognised during Mr. Murray Smith's term of office, are too important to be lightly abandoned in favor of a general agent or government commercial traveller. Miss May Allen, the young singer, in whom Phillip Newbury and Madame Spada were so in- terested, comes of an old squatting family in the Western District. Her grandfather, Mr. W. W. Allen, was the original owner of Callentel Station, near Camperdown ; her maternal grandfather, Mr Barnes, was part owner with one of the Henty's of the boiling down works at Portland in the very early days of the colony's history. As the various members of the family settled, they became iden- tified with pastoral life in a way that not even the gold fever could touch or change. Mr. W. W. Allen came into the Callentel estate he also inherited a fortune of £50,000 from his mother. Then reverses sent in, the Allens were among the western families eaten out by rabbits, and from one calamity to another the growing misfortune came in the loss of the homestead. "Callentel," where May Allen, like her father before her, was born. As she grew to womanhood her voice suggested more than ordinary promise. Signor Buzzi said such a voice was rare of quality and advised study in Europe. And to this the Allen's eventually agreed. Deciding to devote a certain sum of money towards May Allen's musical instruction. But last February all these plans were frustrated by Mr. Allen's death. For some time previously he had seen of the inspectors in the Union Mortgage Company's staff, and was in touch with the friends of his boyhood. He left his family but little, and May Allen pluckily determined to face the world for herself. Mr. Newbury and Madame Spada were charmed with her voice, and promised to give her letters of introduction to artists in Europe. Then the Manifolds, of Purrumbeet, whose station adjoins fallentel. took up May Allen's cause, and most of the wealthy families in the West helped, the Blacks, the MacArthurs, the Shaws, Mrs Stuart Murray, and organised two very successful concerts. Now Mrs Everard Browne has arranged another concert for Colac next Thursday, and among those interested are the Robertsons, of "The Hill," the A. S. Murrays, the Cobbs, the Rev. Father Neylan, the Rev. A. S. Thornton and the Colac Lyric Club. Miss Ethel Turner has another story written, Three Little Maids, which was forwarded to her publishers in London last week. A great deal of it will deal with her beginning as an author. The first new book, The Camp at Wandinong contains a highly characteristic account of her childish attempts. In her dedication to her sister Lilian, ocurs the following: — "It seems but yesterday when you were 15 — I not far behind — and one of us as suddenly seized with a desire to write something, and immediately the other was seized with the same overwhelming desire. Had we not all our little lives done everything together, and cared for nothing the other could not share ? We used to lock the bedroom door, and write at the old marble wash - stand that was so generously roomy ; no housewifery has ever been able since to, take those ink stains from its surface. Do you remember the characters we conjured up? Our heroes with their proud black eyes and their invaluable habit of grinding their heels into the gravel in moments of annoyance, heroines who had brown, starry, heavily-lashed eyes, and were always attired in clinging cream dresses, with one crimson rosebud nestling in their regal coronets of hair? Yours, who had dreamy violet orbs, wore robes of dead white silk on every possible and impossible occasion, and, were always drawing their slim, willowy figures up to their full height and gazing at their persecutors in noble indignation? Oh, the paper we wasted, and the lessons we left undone that ought to have been done! Oh, the candles that burnt to their last breath and used to flicker and go out near midnight, just when the whispered reading of closely-written pages reached the most thrilling point! You were never satisfied with your stories unless you could work in a murder, and your most harmless people used to kill each other for entirely insufficient reasons. I was never happy unless my favourite character or characters died on beautiful death beds to slow music. Do you remember that story I wrote where, when I scribbled 'Finis' (we scorned the word 'end,' there was no one left alive but the old faithful servant — I mean the retainer?" D. Molloy, of the Melbourne Hospital, pro- pounded a novel cure for the treatment of dipso- mania when he appeared before the Inebriate Com- mission last week. He would first dose them freely with alcohol — as much as they could carry — and leave the rest to imagination in the days of sobering up. According to Dr. Molloy you can make a patient believe almost any thing. Give him water, says the doctor, and tell him it is whisky, and, hi presto, the thing is done! Just so. There are fellows, how- ever, when getting on a spree, whom everybody would like to see the new cure tried upon. The man that would endeavor to convince them that Yan Yean was whisky, after getting a firm grip of it would remember the experiment to his dying day. Out upon the folly of such a cure! It is only the preliminary part that will commend itself to the downright, legitimate toper. It is meet, however, that the effort should be embalmed in song Fancy is a thing capricious, Ever smiling, ever bright, Laughing in the moods erratic Of her feminine delight; Yet was fancy never freer In the mood that wasn't mute, Than upon the ' whisky question,' With the doctor on the flute ! "Give me, Sirs," he says, "a patient With a love for Holland's gin, Or a craving in his stomach, With a vacuum within. For the rum of British sailors, Or the absinthe of the Gaul, And I swear, upon my conscience, I would cure him of them all. Be the man a proud apostle Of Colonial rot-gut beer (Here the sympathetic chairman Punctuated with a tear) Or the ardentest disciple Of the famous Hennesee, You may bet that I would cure him Of his mad idolatree. I would cure him, Sirs, instanter Of his craving in this line, J. D. K, Z. in bottles, Barnawatha's newest wine ; I don't care a dump, I tell you, I would wean the toper quick, While Jack Robinson you're saying, By a psychologic trick." "Could you wean of Cologne waters?" Asked a member of the board. " Yes," replied the doctor smiling, " You can bet your bottom hoard! And of morphia," he added, "And of arsenic besides, And the thousand little trifles That an erring woman hides." Spoke, the chairman to the speaker In a voice that plaintive ran : " Tell us of this great invention, Tell us, quickly as you can ; Man must so depend on woman In the franchise days to come; Tell us doctor, we are waiting" — And the oracle grew dumb. Then outspoke the doctor gravely, In a silence so profound, You could hear the pin historic As it rattled on the ground ; And an awe crept o'er their faces As they listened now demure, As they hearkened all expectant To the newest whisky cure. " Make your man as drunk as blazes," Thus the doctor he begun, " Fill him freely to the bung-hole, Till his lips are overrun; Saturate him with the liquor From his collar to his shoes, Leave him then a week or over Lying in the drunken booze. When he wakes and calls for liquor, In the picturesquest way Take a tumbler full of water And insidiously say :— This is gin', or 'this is whisky ' (As the fellow's taste may lie), Mark him as he takes the liquor, Watch the devil in his eye! Hold the door fast by the handle, Leave an unimpoded way, If he fails to be mistaken, You are not obliged to stay; If however, radiant fancy Turns the water into gin, Mind has conquered over matter Science scores another win !" "Call the next witness," observed the chairman, in the hard tone of unbelief. The doctor retired in the proud consciousness of having fooled the com- mittee, and thus the matter ended. If he starts an hospital of his own, in pursuance of his principles, we know of one who will be a patient of his, for a week at least — the first happy week of the experiment. IT is said that there are five hundred professional people in London calling themselves Australians, who can get no employment at the theatres and who live by hanging on to and borrowing money from the few who make their way. Great annoyance is expressed in letters to friends in Melbourne and Sydney and one writer bursts out with an entreaty to the press to stop, or try to stop the exodus, to London — and starvation. Two thousand bona fide actors and actresses are out of engagement in London alone. A budding concert company ruined its reputation at the start through an unsophisticated hotel-keeper only twenty miles from Melbourne. The agent was arranging for rooms. "How many would you want?" asked the landlord. The other commenced to count them off. "There's the young man with the graphophone —" "Excuse me," said the land lord with an indignant stare, "would they want a room together ?" " Of course," answered the agent, " he never lets the graphophone out of his sight but a small room would do." "Are they married asked the landlord severely. " " No!" gasped the agent in great bewilderment. "You see —" "I am afraid I cannot oblige," interrupted the hotel keeper, "I do not take couples unless they are married." MRS Potter's illness has a magnificent ad- vertisement for her, for, having first set the society papers discussing her lovely gowns, the writers easily drifted to talking of the actress, and express- ing their sympathy with her in the cruel blow fate dealt her in the hour of her triumph after years of struggling. Then London society got interested. at least the section that ignores the Rubicon be- tween Belgrave Square and Bohemia, and Mrs. Potter's house was filled with fashionable callers Artists, countesses, musicians, and men and women of eminence left their cards and Sir Henry Irving sent a long telegram, saying he felt all the more for Mrs. Potter because he was just recovering from a bad illness himself. For some time, her life was actually despaired of, and had it not been for the satisfactory way her constitution responded to the use of stimulants, the end would have come very quickly. But, when the mail left, Mrs. Potter was so far recovered as to look forward to a stay in the South of France. MR. Albert Jacobsen, who is considered one of the oldest and, by some people, one of the most cap- able mine managers on the eastern goldfields of West Australia, was born at Kalding, Denmark, in 1858\. After being educated at one of the best col- leges in Denmark, Mr. Jacobsen went to sea, and, before attaining his majority, passed his examina- tion and obtained a master mariner's certificate. Fond of adventure, he went to South America, and worked for some time in the saltpetre mines, Chili. In 1879 he visited South Africa with the intention of proceeding to the diamond fields, but the Zulu war Caused him to alter his mind, and he took boat for Australia. .He went to New South Wales and gained gold-mining experience in the Lucknow and Hillgrove mines, where he worked for years. Sub- sequently he was appointed manager of the Cell's Creek gold mine. In 1889 he went to Western Aus- tralia under engagement, and erected one of the first batteries of the Mallina field. Mr. Jacobsen now intends visiting London for the purpose of placing some Yilgarn properties on the English market. 