THE MISSING HEIR OF CALLONBY. By Mrs. G. Staorews, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels," ,, Te Masked Bridal," Etc. \- - .- CHAPTER XXXI. THE GHOST. I; Vs s long while before Madge could . ,-et her composure; sheknew she had "raret he Doke of Wentworth the keen :-ow a man can know, for she had a hie deep, true love, mn those grave .es; eyes of his, and an intense desire S e into her heart, that she might :e hi. even as ie deserved. He is a noble-hearted man, mamma, I honor him as much as anyone whom i .-e ever known. I know he will make wo an he marries inexpressibly rv: tba I feel that the regard I have = -:- is not what it should be to beccme S-i ?:?e."a Madge, as she sat at her \--s feet, her tearful face buried in I -ne-w or this, dear, and I am sorry w I ci not givre you a hint of what was : bt your father and I really ;, that you did care for him, and ,:? e him the answer he desired. S nd- n a most estimable young no- : to mention his wealth and the he:- e occupies-. think your father -.. a trie disappointed, love," re fi rs Dispeau, a little sadly. " cvonu would rather I would be -e myself, even to the sacrifice of \- a duchess, would you not, s= sked the young girl, lifting " -etL and regarding her mother ear Certinoly. Margaret; but knowing, or : your heart to be free, I thought c- ,, not fail to reciprucate the afec :of te ~ uke, especially as you had *:-res e take so much pleasure in his , ad Mrs Dispeau regarded her ':e:- s-omewhat anxiously, and called t; t_ he thoughts and suspicion which -ir- -nunsual excitement had caused \--- we, three hours before, when she c ?La?kinz of Lord Cothbert. _aize did not reply to this remark, -: ees drooped half guiltily at the -rrf c 'tught which it suggested to her as she heart-free 1 Sn- this morning she had believed so, a even when she had told the duke :tsa she could not be his wife, go ozrahts of love for another had entered er rn. But now, like a ray of light, ic ~ime t; her, that if she had received -' aoer before that eventful night when she had discovered Lord Cuthbert in the vtrat below, she would not have refused rm. The revelation startled her with its :ide.nness, and at the same time caused her intense shame and mortification, and y?t -he would not stop to analyse her fe:.nas farther, but with an impatient nrvment she arose and suddenly left =e room; and when, half-an-hour later, she reMrned, having exchanged her ero??in dress for a wrapper, her face was ca n and impenetrable, although some wot paler than usual When at last all was quiet in the castle, *te two young girls prepared to make -heir nocturnal visit to Lord Cathbert. Nora was very much interested in the Esoc:e dcor which she had never dreamed led to such mysteries below, much more that it led from her own rooms. And it was with a sort of awe stealing over her \- she folloowed the -uidance of her Wr-i Eoiseless steps they glided down ;he E; :-l staircase, passed through the se:-mi secret door, down the flight of E-';.e E:s, and on through the passage ;-ar' -?e vault, which had so long been oe oison-house, and well-nigh the tomb 0 Lori Cuthbert Callonby. Nora -ew so weak andfaint. and clng E: nerro'sy to Madge as she approached e s;.t:, that she feared she would fall \---..ons before they could reach the D. n:t give up, Nora, darling; be .e. b strong, for if we make any un n--sa nrise, and are disaovered, all willbe H1. Here we are. Hold the candle wiae I craw the bolts," commanded But she could not, her shaking fingers r:ei-- to 'rasp the silver candlestick, a= the leaned panting against the solid v w, wle a adge set it upon the floor Shen quickly slipped the bolts and psphot open the door. In an instant Lord Cuthbert bounded -.er0, and clasped his loved sister in a- rms, drawing her within his room. 'r teveral minutes he held her close to ahs ., his breath coming in long, -= ;-awn Ssighs, while Nora lay bark -st H.is breast, her eyes closed, and = and white as the wrapper, for which :;oe had made her exchanae her tra eL c' dress after reaching the castle. It semed to her as if she would never OhO to move again; she was content, at `r- Her brother, so long mourned as i wa??alive and well, and it was joy a=ozh to iie there and feel the fierce -'0010 of his heart. The excess of appLmeos deprived her of all her strength, an imo't of sense. Lord Cathbert, when he began to re c:r hs self-poessesaion, thought she nus ha?re fainted, she was so still. " My poor darling, you have sulored, :-'; bt God is good to give us hack to earn other once more," he murmured, in to look into her face. At the sound of his dear voice she a0·e to life aBrain; her white arms crept ? roun~d his neck; she lifted her face n laid her cheek against his, and while e cdOo to him dclose, and yet closer, a Fl3i, mvering sob broke from her lips, ioiwed by a passionate burst of tears. arge turned and went out into the p-ssaro, haying the two alone; she could Tot itness their sacred meeting, and "cr own tears were flowing fast in sym Ste remained a long time, her heart Swith a strange, sweet joy, as she ht=nd to the low murmurs of their nes, annd she said to herself, exult "The sorrows of Callonby are nearly 0ers and happiness will reign once more flrin these castle walls !" \- She mnst hare remained standing thus e nlarly half an hour, when she was '.O3nly startled by the eound of -n footsteps at the farther end of Her heart stood still with a terrible rar, bet only for amoment, for she knew e must an, if she would save him, -00, and herself. With a wild bound she was hack within e room, her hand upon Nora's, her itie face startlig them like a ghost, and i-tr in her husky tones : "F1, Nora t" she gasped. "Someone L c1nin throrgh the passage yonder l FYon?ckly, or we are all lost I'" ith the speed of the wind the terror, ln?? en .irls sprang from the vault nw?.. Cu thberi paralysed at the -ith noisele?s, r"pid steps they sprang Oard the secret passage, hoping to gain a before the person, whoevrer it might e in sight, and thus escape They could see the glimmer of a light their own they had left behind in their fright-at first faint, then growing brighter as it advanced toward them. Nearer, and )et nearer it came, and in a moment more the horrified girls saw the burly figure of Ralph Callonby emerge from the gloom, bearing a lighted candle in his hand, and evidently bent on a visit to his solitary nephew. His head was bent, as if in deep thought, so that he did not see the terror stricken maidens, and with slow, delibe rate steps he advanced toward them. Madge saw they could not escape, and as Nora was several steps beyond her, she could not attract her attention without speaking, and, with a faintly-breathed petition for help, she slipped into an empty vault to await, in almos: suffocating suspense, the result of the encounter. -ora, too, ssw how futile was the at tempt to avoid him, and as he drew near, and the light flared upon his face, she could see the same dark and malignant scowl upon it which had so terrified her in the years gone by. Her face and lips crew bloodless, her eyes became dark and wild with terror; her strength suddenly failed her, her lips refused to more, and, with a desperation born of despair, she suddenly stopped to confront him, and thus awaited his approach in the midst ot the passage. In all the years of her after life, she never forgot that moment. She expected he would kill her where she stood, and then murder her brother, and the fearful horror, after ner intense happiness of the last half-hour, seemed turning her to stone. Ralph Callonby had no thought that his progress was to be impeded, until, when only about two feet from Nora, she wildly put forth her hand to keep him of, and her icy fingers just swept his cheek. He lifted his head, muttering a startled oath as he did so. In an instant his feet also became rivetted to the stones beneath him, a wild look of fear blanched his face, and stayed the blood In his veins; his very flesh seemed to shrivel upon his bones, while a stinging pain crept through his every nerve, as if he were seized with a sudden cramp, and his knees visibly trembled. Only a moment he stood thus, regard ing that waxen almost breathless figure, yet in that moment he lived an eternity of horror ; then, with a howl which reverbe rated through that passage like the cry of a lost demon, he suddenly dropped his candle, and turning with the speed of lightning, he fled back-through the dark passage he had but just traversed, nor abated his pace one iota, until panting and breathless, his eyes starting from his head, and cold beads of perspiration standing at every pore, he reached his own apartments, and sank down upon the floor trembling as with an ague fit. "For Heaven's sake, Ralph Cailonby, what is the matter with you T' demanded his wife, who was still up, and writing some instructions for the housekeeper to follow on the morrow. " Ma-matter enough, I can tell you," he gasped, wiping the sweat from his brow, and his teeth chattering. " But what is it-are you ill ' she asked, in alarm, rising, and going to his aide, as she saw how pale he was. "No, no; though I never felt quite so shaky before in my life. Maria, Nora is dead!" he returned, with a horrible shudder, and staring blankly at her. "Nora dead-really dead, do you mean How do you know 7 and how could you receive the news so late at night] You didn't know this an hour ago," said Mrs Calonby, now really startled herself. "No, I did not, but I have just seen her ghost 1" ' Her ghost, inded!l Ralph Callonby, I thought you were above such things. You know there are no such things as ghosts," she replied, impatiently, and then added, heartlessly: "And what if she is dead, it only puts an end to so much more trouble and anxiety. She is out of the way for good and all now. I only wish her brother would be as accom modating. But as for you seeing her wraith- nonsense I" "Bat I tell you I have," he reiterated. "When I left you a while ago, I went to the butler's room to give him some orders about the wine to be used to-morrow evening. And then I thought I'd go and see that-boy, whom I have not seen now for two or three days, I have been so busy about this affair. As I let myself into the secret passage that leads to his room, I was thinking deeply, and walked with my head bent down. I had got about half way in the passage when something white shot out before, and touched my cheek, making the very marrow in my bones freeze, it was so icy cold. Of course, I was startled, and looked up, but I swear to you that I saw --ora Callonby stand ing there all in xhite, right in my path, and her eyes burning me through with that same sad terrified look she gave me the day that that body was brought here. She never moved, but stood there like a bho:k of stone, so that I could not go on without touching her, and that was more than mortal man could do. Ugh ! ugh ! I shall never get that ghastly face out of my mind as long as 1 live-drat it : And of all times, to come just now, when everything is so gay and jolly," he con cluded, rising, and sinking weakly into a large rocking-chair. "Ralph, you have either been eating something to disturb your digestion, or else you have taken too much wine this evening. Do get this notion out of your head, for no sensible person nowadays believes in ghosts," said Lady Callonby, impatiently, and somewhat scornfully. "I have taken no wine at all, this evening, neither have I eaten anything unusual to day. I was not thinking of the girl even, until ! looked up and saw her. I know I saw her as plainly as I see you now. "' Wife," he went on, after a few minutes spent in deep thought, "I have a confession to make to you. I suppose I ought to have told you in the first place, but I knew you would worry over it, and so I kept it to myself. Nora has never been at theC onvent of St. MIary's " "Never been at the Convent of St. Mary's? l alph Callonby, what do you mean i Are you mad, to tell me this I" demanded his wife, now really frightened, and thinking he must be losing his mind. "SNo; it is as I tell you, and I realise now that I ought to have told you before, but I kept hoping to find her at the first, and when I had to give it up, I thought it was no use fretting you with it" Lady Calionby'o face was now also blanched to a deadly hue, as she listened to this fearful piece of news; nor did she feel any relief as he went on and told her of Nora's escape, and his fruitless search in London for her. " I kept a detective employed for a year," he said, in conclusion, "but he could discover nothing; and so I came to think 'bat all she cared for was to ge6t out of my way, and would never tronble me any more." And then he told her of the stranger's visit from America, and his belief that she had fled to that country. "Ralph, I am afraid this means trouble for us," said his wife, looking very much distressed. "Nonsense' he returned, with a hoarse laugh. ' If she is dead she can not trouble us, any more than to haunt us occasionally. I confess I never had such a start in my life before; but nowtnat I am getting over it a tride, it is a relief to me to know that she has passed in her checks, and I can afford to see a ghost once in a while-for, Maria, our coffers are pretty well filled, my dear. She must be dead, or I would not have seen her ghost." He strove to shake off the terror that was making his heart quake by speaking thus lightly, and he did not like the ex pression of foreboding which remained on his wife's face. " Well, we can do nothing now,' she said at last ; " but I think you had better go to bed at once, if you wish to be fit for anything to-morrow." " No, by Heaven I will not; ghost or no ghost, I must satisfy myself that all is right with that boy before I sleep. Give me a glass of brandy to steady my nerves, and I will get James up, and we will go together and investigate this matter." Lady Callonby complied with his request, and he quaffed the burning fluid at a draught; then, rising, he struggled from the apartment, for his limbs were yet shaking from the fright he had received. He aroused the butler, and they pro ceeded to the vault, where Lord Cuthbert lay apparently sleeping. He had apprehended that his uncle would return as soon as he recovered him self; and as soon as he found the girls were safely through the secret door, he had retired and feigned sleep, yet deeply grateful that Nora had been taken for a visitant from the spirit world, rather than a living form of flesh and blood. All was dark and quiet when the two men reached his apartment, but he aroused himself as they unbolted the door, and asked what was wanted. His uncle was satisfied, though chills were chasing each other down his back as he asked, regarding him searchingly " Have you bees disturbed by any strange sight or sounds i" "No, sir; I hare been disturbed by nothing strange. This passage, you are well aware, is too remote from the world to be very much disturbed by either its sights or its sounds," Lord Cuthbert replied, with a touch of sarcasm, and, turning on his conch, he thus signified his desire to be left alone again. Lord Callonby and his companion re tired, satisfied that all was right with their prisoner, although the former was more than ever convinced that he had seen Nera's wraith, and even after he had sought his couch he could not entirely shake off his unpleasant impressions. The next morning he took his seat at the breakfast-table looking worn and haggard. " Are you not well, my lord 1" asked Madge, who, as soon as she and Nora found themselves safe once more, con sidered the whole affair the most fortunate circumstance that could have happened, and were delighted that he should have believed Nora a gho=t, and received such a fright. Poor Nora, however, did not recover from the shock quite so readily as Madge, and was weak and languid this morning. " Quite well, Miss Margaret, although I did not rest as well as usual last night," his lordship returned, trying to smile. "You look quite ill-almost, as people say, as if you had seen a ghost," she replied, demurely, yet not able to resist the temptation to remind him of his mid night adventure. She chuckled to herself as she saw him start and turn a shade paler, but she calmly buttered her roll, looking beauti fully unconscious the while. " Look as though I had seen a ghost, do ?'" he repeated, recovering himself quickly, yet regarding her keenly, and then he asked somewhat anxionsly : " Miss Margaret, do you believe in ghosts `' "I-don't-know," said Madge, re flectively, longing to tell him she did, just to add to his torture, but hardly daring to risk so much as that. " I don't know," she repeated; "at all events I don't believe they ever trouble people who have a clear conscience." " Then you do think that a person with a guilty conscience might be haunted by one ?" he continued, striving to speak lightly. "I think such a person might imagine himself to be haunted if he had ever done any one great injury." "Then you are willing to admit that all ghosts are imaginary beings 1' "I can only answer for myself, my lord. I never saw one, although I have known of people who think they exist," she answered, wickedly, and then not caring to be questioned further, she turned to order something of the servant who stood behind her chair ; but it did not trouble her in the least to observe that his lordship was anything but ea"y in his mind during the remainder of the meal. 