POINTS. . The Christmas number of the Week, illus trated, will be ready on JDccomber 15. Agents and others pleaso order early. Tho best weeklv uaner in Queensland. Send it to vmir friends, illustrated, price only 3d. At tho sitting of tho mnnioipal inquiry yesterday. Aid. Higgs drow a comparison between the wages paid to printers who are to be engaged in printing tho voters' roll and tho remuneration asked for by an auditor. 41 Oh." said the Mayor, 14 auditing is a profession : printing is a trade." Ald Higgs. who has boon a printer, has a high opinion of tho calling, and expressed the view that it was just us important as auditing. 44 Why," be said, 44 a printer at onetime carried a sword." "Yes, replied tho Mayor, "so did a painter." The Mayor's distinction is not quite correct. Pointing is. an art, and a profession may bo anythiug ut all. - The condition of tho transport Cornwall, as described in Monday's Telegraphy is now, it appears, confirmed by Major' Iticurdo. No wonder the men .wanted a littlo fresh air at Sydney. It is questionable whether influenza would have done thorn any more linrtn Than being "cribbod, cabiucd, and con fined," on tho Cornwall. Whey out on theoceani where 11 the stormy winds do blow," the contingent may export- onco a great deal of danger without having any glory. The matter has not been exaggerated. In fact, it has been slightly modified, CnmsTH&s; Burglar. See Christmas number of tho Week . ' Ordor early. Price 3d. ; illustrated. The Hon. E. B. Foerest. Last night the Hon. Dalrymplo thought ho administered a political seidlirz powder to tho member for North Brisbane, "WnEN ho said E.B.F. was possibly the loadpr of a new party. It goes without saying, whether he is to bo the leader of the now parly or not, lio" carries u great deal moro influcneo than tlio little political scidliiz powder man who repre sents a country village. The Hon. T. M. Paterson. Will the electors of Brisbane North rest satisfied with this member's neglect of political duty? A host important Government proposal is now beforo Parliament, ono that is bubbling over with political bribery und corruption. And he is not here to record his vote against it. The electors do not forget that he was conveniently away during all the federation campaign. Last Parliament he was away most of his timo in Kngland. Surely the electors of Brisbane North want a representative that will attend Parliament ana watch their interests, And not ono who is nearly always absent when must wanted. Counsel in cross-examining a witness at the civil sittings of the Supremo Court yes terday asked him if he was a money-lender. The witness replied iu tho negative. Counsel : You havo lent money ? Witness : Yes; I lent monoy on doubtful security at 6 per cent interest,' but you do not cull that money-lending. The timo referred to was 1884, and Mr. Justice Real made a remark to the effect that a person who lent money then at 6 per cent probably would not be considered to com- within tho general meaning of a moneye lender. Ho believed that rato of interest could be got ou a fixed deposit. Ghost in Brocade. See Christmas number of tho Week, illustrated ; price 3d, Order tarly. The cost of the George street electric tram way in Sydney is now expected to bo double tho araouut originally estimated. There must have boen some miscalculating somewhere or a good many circumstances unforeseen must have arisen from the timo tho work was taken in hand. Perhaps, if some : of - the . members of the New South Wales Government came to Bris bane. they could get a lesson as to how the electric trums are run. The New York World's Chicago correspon dent states that President M'Kinley will do nothing which would be distasteful to Great Britain. According to ono authority, Admiral Dewey surh : 44 If England requirus tho American navy to teach the European nations to mind their own business, we will givo it." 44 1 would like to bo iu command on that occasion." A bold hunter in Brazil has found n new variety of orchid, and being au admirer of Oom Paul ho has called his discovery the "Kruger orchid." People may ohafe at the delay in tho advance of British troops on tho Transvual, but thoy should not forgot thnt tlio rotroat is altogether stopped, and the enemy is wasting time and strength in making offorta against obstacles he cannot overcome. General Buller'b plans nro maturing slowly, but until the army corps is ut the front, it is necessary to wait and wutch. There is little doubt that in a month's timo the Boers will- be doing thoir utmost to defend thoir own country without making outride attacks. Nor is there now much question that in three mouths tho South African republics will have ceased to exist as »uch. All the Winners. Sgo Christmas number of tho Week, illustrated ; price 3d. Ordor early. Dry seasons in tho wost of Queensland aro familiar, but such a season as they have had of lato must bo bad enough for tho toughest of back-blockers. . It is particularly hard upon them that whon the price cf wool has gone so high they cannot find grass enough to keep thoir sheop alive. Brisbane and Sydney merchants aro netting big profits in the wool sales without any of the troublos tho westerner has to contend with. Mn, Justioc Cooper took caro yesterday when a jury was sworn in at tho Supreme Court to make euro that there, wero no men on it who objected to circumstantial evidenco. Apter all it ia better to have ordinary juries to try cases rather than thoso with eccentno ideas. Sydney steam trams have been the cause of another death there, and not a few pooplo meet their end through them in the course of a year. This kind of tram service is not popular, but useful— not beautiful hut economical. However, wo may thank our stars hero in Brisbane that wo have not what nro practi cally railway trains running through our streets. An authority says : 44 It should be the aim of every practical farmer to mako himself acquainted with tho peculiarities of all tho seeds he uses, and be ablo to satisfactorily examine samples for himself. Comparatively few appliances und bub little skill aro neces sary for this." A han in Londou has patented a new method for tho bacterial treatment of sowuge. Why was not that man put on board the Cornwall? The Christmas number of tho Week, illus trated, will bo ready on December 15. Agents and others please order early. Tho best weekly paper in Queensland. Send it to your friends. Illustrated, price only 3d. 