r SHORT STORY THE RIBBONMAN O'KEEFFE. . ' The fox must Bleep sometime, the wild deer j must rest; m j ' An' tceaohery will prey on the heart iv ! the best.' f SiiAirus O'BRIEN. ' ! D'YE see that slash up there in the face iv the mountain down apiece middle ways from the white oap iv the snow ? Yes, that's it. "Well, shure its called the oave iv slaughter, and was the hiding place iv Jim O'Keeffe, the Bibbonman, in tho dark time that's gone: There's a patch iv brown rook in front ; and iv a summer'B evening whin tho oun is going down, behind tho shoulder of the hill there, into the Itlantic, the last tasto iv a glance he throws on these parts is on that slice iv rock and makes it as rod aa blood. And the boys and girls coming in from tho fields, looking at it, sajB, blessing theirsels and whispering : ' The blood iv the Bibbonman is shining very strong to-night. May God purteot us from all huit or harm.* Iv a bonfiro nierht too, whin the boys are hauling down tho furze and tho bog aldher and tho big bundles iv the heath to make tho fire here in tho borheen, and keep the blight off the potaty garden, I go bail there's not wan iv thim would put a bill-hook into that side iv the mountain for fear iv disturbing the last sleep iv tbe Bibbonman O'Keeffe and tho false-hearted, beautiful girl who's there buried near him, or the eoljers who've their lodging till the Last Day in the bog mould iv Gorrin. Story is it ? Wisha 'tis the pityful story, and Borne iv the womin don't De in tho boiter of hearing it, and will set up orying and ullagonin', which is the nathure iv tho oraytbur8. Faith, I hear mo grandfather, forty years ago, telling it over and over again, setting down in the chimbley corner, lighting his pipe wid a dhry potaty stalk to give a flavour to tho bit iv tobacoy. Begor it's oitin it gev meself a shake thim times going up to bed, afterwards thinking and dhraming iv blood and mur thor and ghosts and banshees : a youno: gossoon that had no sinse ano was afeard iv the shadows the heel iv the fire was making on the wall. Be what mo gran'father touid me it all took place after tho battle iv Vinegar Hill. The ould cause was gone to the mischief, and the poe* people was slaughtering be gangs iv soljers and Hessians who were tramboosing around the conthry ating and dhrinking and murthern' be- Marshal Law for satisfaction, and to quieting the Bebels, as they said, after the Bebollion. You oouldn't call a horse or a cow or a hin or a haypurth yer own, to say nothing iv yer sowl and body ; and tho divil a snuff iv a candle could ye light after nightfall for fear iv drawing tho eoljers to the house and they hanging ye for thrayeon. Most iv tho boys around this place that wasn't shot or hung took to the mountains ; living on tho rabbits and hares and tho dhrop iv potheen, and taking vingance whin they see tho opportunity. Woe betide tho Bed Goat that would dare to show his nose up the side iv Gorrin. Many's the purty fight was in and around here, I can tell you, whin the boya would stale down wid their pikes in their hands, and take a gang iv tho soljers unawares, and lave thim there wid their baoka in the bog a male for tho crows and hawks. Sometimes you'd find as many as half a dozen iv the hoi j er s hanging irom the three there beyant at the croes roads, in the mornintr ; thin the people knew that the Bibbonmen were out the night before. Sometimes again 'twas some dacent father and mother's child from tho village you'd find caught and hanged be the soljers, or maybe lying dead down in a druin or a bog hole wid a gash in his breast, after orawling in, the craythnr, for a dhrink iv wather to aise the faver that was burning in his inside. The head of all the Ribbonmen was Jim O'Keeffe, a strapping man, I hear me grand- father Bay, six feet in bis stocking vamps, and a carpenther be trade. He was tidy at settling the handles for the croppy pikes, and as strong and as courageous a boy as ever took to the mountains to strike a blow for poor Ireland. God help us, 'twas little nae for him in the ind. What between tho soljers always com in', no matter how many you kilt, and pioking off or hanging wan man this time and an- other the next time, at long last he came to have no wun only himself, and it's up there ahide he was in the cave wid nothing for company but his ould flint lock iv a gun. He'd creep down eometimen, and wbiu the throopers was galloping apast on the road there'd be the report of the gun, and wan saddle would be a bit lighter, or maybe two \- if he got the chance, and the Saesanaoh soljer would have a could resting place on the side iv the load wid his Drains in tho ditch, for O'Ketffe couldn't afford to mies a shot, not having the powdher to sparc As for ketohing him wanet he bad tho start through the bogs and hills, faith ! you might as well think iv ketching tho lightniug. If he got his heelR into tho shaky bog they couldn't follow him because there was only one way through it, and they didn't know that ; and if you missed yer footing going afther him, you'd be swallowed down and niver heard cf again. The shaky bog ran np to the foot,iv the mountain-there! you can eeo it yemelf stretching away thero beyant the fields. At length and at last the Government said, . I suppose, they'd stand it no longer, seeing all their soljors going for nothir-g, and bate he wan man ; and, faith, they put out a re- ward for O'Keeffe, dead or alive, and eint a half a, regiment of soljers in tho village to take him be fair means or foul, and find out where the divil he was hiding at all. / r Howsomever, wid all tho searching and " orofls haokling and rewards, no wan would tell through the manea iv being so fond iv O'Keeffe, and hating the name iv an in- former that runs down wid ourses through the si ven generations. Moreover, they didn't know where he was hiding ; no wau knew that hut hiB sweetheart, Kathleen O'Mooro-and shure 'twas the misfortune day for him that he had anything to say to her. Kathleon was as handsome a girl as ever stepped on the pink flowers iv the heath ; tall and straight as the mountain ash, wid a shapely face tho colour iv the red apples in Autumn, and eyes as black as the sloes on tho blackthorn whin the firat touoh iv tho frost is hardening the heads iv the curly cabbage. She was dairy maid up at tho Great House kept in thim times be wan Mr Delany, a daoent man although a Protestant and a magistrate to boot ; and he used to interfere to save tho poor people from tho soljers whin it could be done, whioh, God knows, wasn't very of tin. Herself and O'Keeffe were very great wid wan another before the Rebellion, and whin he took to the mountains inany's the time he\stole down in the dark night to have a word, or maybe a kiss, from her ; running his nook into the halter for that same. Twice or three times in tho week she'd slip out in tho night time, or in tho mists in the morning aoross the passage iv the shaky boy that ho showed her, and bring up the mouthful of daoent vittles undher her cloak, or maybe the little dhrop to keep up his courage. People said that only for her he'd be gone away to Franco long ago in a ship than used to run in the keg of brandy below the rooks for the gintry, bo smuggling, and tho divil a word said about the duty, thraiaon or uo. The neighbours niver oared very much about tho same Kathleen, she was so flighty and quare in herself-always thrying to put on the airs iv the quality, and dhrosaing herself np out iv all raison wid the gowns that the young Mistresses usod to givo her whin they'd oome down from the Castle afther tho Lavees, or whatsomevor they call it. She used to say, she was as good a lady as any iv thim, and handsomer be far if she only got the chance iv showing herself off. People thought it was very bad naythur iv her to bo talking like that, and every wan in such a state of thronblo and misfortune, through the manes iv the soljera, and the hanging, and the stharvation, and the divil knows what, that was going on at the time, and that'twas no good luck she'd bring to Jim O'Keefle in the long run. Tlie soljers, as I Bay, como for the taking of Jim O'Keeffe, because the Government wore getting in dhread iv him ; and the man who had charge iv them was Captain Lennox, a tall, handsome Englishman, wid his long boots, and his rod coat all covered with gold lacie, and a three-corner hat on his head, and a long sword hanging be his side. Oh, there's no two ways about it, ho was a grand man entirely ! He see a lot of fight- ing, 'twas said, in France and Spain and other foreign latitudes, and was a regular divil at dhrinking, and all sorts and sizes iv raking and roguery ; and as for the girls, the deuce a wan of thim iver sit eyes on him that wouldn't olimb the hobs iv Hell to get a smile from the Captain. He was stopping at Mr Delaney's houne while ho was hereabouts ; scouring the country all day for poor Jim O'Keeffe, and dhrinking and dancing and oard playing all night, and 'twas there he firat sat eyes on Kathleen O'Moore ; and bad luck to him for his throuble anyhow. Thin quare stories bogan to be going around, about the Captain meeting Kathleen outside in the grounds and whispering to her ; and her airs were getting grandher every day : and Bbo waa tying np hei hair like tho young Mistesees, and talking Englified like the Captain ; and saying it's not tho likes iv Jim O'Keeffe she need be depending on ; and people began to t hr imbi e for the liibbonman, and the foolish girl that had his life in her hands. All at wamst she dhropped off going next or near O'Keefe, and the talk about herself and the Captain got loudlier aud lcudher. Iv courte not a sowl dare to say ' boo,' for fear iv bringing the soljers down on their self, and thin 'twould only be the rope and the branch iv a three, and no more law or logic about it. JNo wan could see thc Rib bonman, aither to give him the beck or put him on his guard, not railly knowing where he was, and in dhread iv being followed if they went looking for him. The upshot iv it waa that, I suppone ho got tired iv being bo himsolf all day in the mountains, thrying to snare a rabbit or stale on a plover ; or he was unaisy in his mind about Kathleen, thinking she was kilt maybe, or in some throuble; anyways, he slipped down wan night, picking his steps wid no more noise than a shadow. Ho crossed the shaky bog, frightening the snipe, and thin went over tho ploughed fields aud across the road into tho grove back iv Mr Delany's house: He climbed up the wall iv the demesne as smooth as a cat afther a blackbird, and hid- ing among the ivy, looked over into the lawn to nee if the coast was clear, eo that ho'd givo the screech iv the curlew three times, whioh was the token he always gave whin he wanted her to come out. Just as he peeped in he see the glitter of a goold uniform, for the night was beginning to get lightsome, though the moon wasn't due for another hour at laist He made out the figure iv a tall toljer crawling along the shrubbery, houldrug his Bword undher his arm, and poking his way, afeard iv making a noise. O'Keeffe got a start whin he see this, and put his hand on the long knife that he had stuck in the belt around his waist. Unt, no ; the divil a notice the other took iv him, only stood ondher a three near at hand, and gavo a whistle, and a couple iv minutes afther a woman walked aisy and quiet down the grass iv the lawn, and joined the soljer ondher the three. "Who waB it but Kathleen O'Moore ! Tho Ribbonman hold his breath, and couldn't believes his eyes ; still, there she was, and sure ho ought to know her be- fore anyone else in the world. They were talking a piece in whispers, and thin they moved over near where ho was doubled up in the ivy iv the wall, and ho could hear what they were saying. 'Oh, Captain, jewel,' says Kathleen, 'I'm getting un easy , in mo mind ; afeard we'll bo found out. How ia it going to ind at all ?' ' Don't you throuble yer purty head, me darline; girl,' says the Captain (for faith, it was Captain Lennox himself). They had more whispering, and the Cap- tain stooped down and kissed the girl. The Ribbonman's heart stopped, and he was ketohing his knife wid a sevare grip. ' You know where the dam Rebel is hid- ing, Kathleon,' says the Captain. * I hear be all accounts that he was a lover iv yours.' 'He used to be, Captain, dear,' says Kathleen, ' but shuro that was before yev put the comehither glance on me, and stole me heart from him altogether. I don't care now if I never saw him again.' 4 Very good,' says the Captain, ' I'll tell ye what we'll do. I'm anxious to get out iv this boghole iv a oountry, and marry you and take you over to England ; and it's the fine lifo and dhressos and all sorta iv grandhour you'll have, and nothing to throuble you for the rest iv yer life.' 4 And will 1 bo with yer aquilla and all the grand ladies?* says the foolish girl. ' Aye, that you will,' says the Captain. ' And it's a finer lady you are than the beat iv them. Howsomever I can't stir a peg until we ketch O'Keeffe, and if you showed us whore ho was it's not long nor laisy we'd bo in surrounding1 him, and thin you and meself were off to England wid no wan a bit the wiser iv it.' ' Shure, if I bethrayed him,' says Kath- leen, 4 it's hanging him ye'd bo, and what would he do thin lr I don't care much about him now, Captain, but I wouldn't like to see him hung for all that.' ' That's tho mistake you're making,' says the Capiain. ' He won't be hung at all, if you show us where he is. Out iv regard for yerself I'll spake to tho Government and get him only transported, and he'll be left out again afthor a year to two ; but if we take him by any other moans it's hung or shot he'll be without any purleyiug.' 4 And I'd be only saving his life to be giving him up ?' says Kathleen. 4 That's all,* says the Captain ; * and the day you do we'll get married and set sail for Ould England.' 1 And suppose I was going to see him in the morning, whin the mist is on the moun- tain, and that you and yer men followed me, and found him out, shure, thin it wouldn't bo my fault,' says tho Judas iv a girl. 4 That's exactly how it would be man- aged,' says the Captain, wid a laugh. Just thin tho Ribbonman waa loosening wan iv the top stones in the wall to send it crashing thro' i he Captain's skull, whin, as bad luck would have it, it slipped away and down into the lawn, making some noise. ' Stop, stop,' says Kathleen, 4 what's that ?' * Oh, it's only an owl, or a oat, or some- thing in tho ivy,' says the Captain. ' How- somever we'll Bee,' and drawing his sword he walked over and dbruv it in into the ivy. But the sou of the mountains, wid the feet iv the weasle and the sinews iv the red deer, swung himself clear iv the wall, and clinging his leg into a young fir three dhropped out into the grove, not stirring a lafe, as light as a bird. He walked ofi undher the threes without a sound and out on the road again, and across over the ditch into tho fields. Hore he stopped for a pieoe, dhrawing hi3 breath hard and his head sunk down on his jhoul driers like as if he was stuok wid a knife, and he looked baokwanst wid a groan and wiped his eyes wid the sleeve iv his coat ; thin he walked away slow to the shaky bog. No wt»n could tell the quara sights and Bounds the Ribbonman soe and heard that night. Tho moon was just climbing the baot iv the mountain whioh was all dark yet wid the rays Bhining out on aioh side looking like a big black figger wid two white arms stretching out to welcome home the broken- hearted outlaw. AB he passed undher the threes be the roadside the big owl that comes out in tho night flapped hor winga in his fttoe. A moaning sound was spreading in the tops iv the branches that phivored before it and began wailing around him, and he knew 'twas the Banshea singing the mourn- ing keen for the last iv his raoo. While he wint aoross in tho yollow light, be met the Foxy Woman that walks the ploughed fields in the Spring, wid ho long shawl covered be hor red hair, and her corpse face and her staring eyes looking at the moonlight ; and shute seeing her manoa sudden death. Going into tho shaky bog tho snipe ro^o up wid a screech, and whirled about wid the moon shining on thoir wet winga, and thin dhropped down again like falling stars (shure his star was falling too !) : and slip- ping up tho Bide iv the mountain ho socs the whith fog that the eou'-west wind waa blow- ing in from tho Itlsntio spreading over the land like a winding sheet iv tho dead. But he walked into the oavo with a hard look on his face, and didn't mind tho warning that his dead and gone relations were sending him iv his doom. 1 The placo was all dark Inside, so ho struck the flint and s reel, and went over to a oorner and took up a handful iv the 'boohaleen* that was lying there, and made a bit iv fire for himself, and he sat down on the stone overright it. . I don't care whether they BOO the fire or the smoke to-night,' says he, «or whether they take mo or not. Lave thim take me - and hang me ; it's no heart I've for any- thing else, only I'd like to strike wan blow fast. Ooh, she Bowled mo to the Sassanaoh, and shure I'd have laid at her feet and given her me heart's blood if she only said the word.' Then he took a pull at tho 'potheen' (and shure the oraythur wanted it) and sat down on the stone again, looking hard at the blaze wid Dig tears running down kia brown cheeks, and he snuffing and trying to keep thim baok. He bogan afther a piece hum- ming wan iv tho ould tunes and bating time wid MB leg agin the flooro, bringing back the timeB whin himself and Kathleen were dancing at tho cross roads wid the light iv love and fun in their eyes, and Thady Murphy, the piper, pqueezing the bag and blasting out the finest jig that ever woke up merriment in boy or girl. Now and thin he used wipo the tears off his face and give a bit iv a moan, and thin he'd talco a pull al- ways at the potheen. By and bye the mist stole up the mountain and he sees it standing at the opening iv tho oave like as if it came to keep company with him in his sorrow for they had spiut night af thor night toge'ther - on the heath, and m any's the time it rose and consayled him whin the Hessians or the Sas8anachs were staling on his thraokB. He must have gone to sleep thin, beoause . the next thing ho seos was the bright morn- ing straiuaing in and Kathleen Btanding in the fog at tho entrance iv the cave wid a . basket in her hand. . I'm afther coming, Jim,' says she, * wid the bit to ate for you. I wasn't able to be here at all, all tho week ; and Jim* aathore,. how are you ?' He got up straightening himself and. looked at her as Bhe triod to smile the lie out iv her face. .I don't want it, Kathleen,' says he; ' I'll niver take the bit and the sup out iv - y er minds agin.' 4 "What aila you, Jim ?' says she, noticing Iiis dhrawn face and the terror iv his eyes. 4 Heavens ! yer hair is white.' And so it was as whito as the fog that was peeping - over her shouldhers. » He walked over to her and looked into her face, and the big tears rolled down hiB cheeks. As she looked at the splendid man standing like a. statue in cold despair, and see the tears trickling away, she thought iv " the joy iv the ould times, and the way his footsteps in the borheen in the evenings used to make her heart bate, and then her treaohery to him leaped up blazing before - her eyes, and her head bung do nm in horror and shame. 4 Bun, Jim,' says she all at wanst, ketoh ing him be the arm and thrying to drag him like a mad woman, 4 run for the love of the Blessed Virgin. You're sould ; the soljers ia coming. Oh, God forgive me I Krui, asthore, and save yerself : I'll stop here ; Bhure lave them kill me.' 4 No,' says the Ribbonman, wid a tonoh iv" pride in his VOÍOB, 4 I'll not run; I'll stand me ground and die like a man. Run? and lave you to be-God iv Heaven-what?' . . . Ah, Kathleen ! you'll never kiss the . Sassanaoh sol j er again.' And saying this, he drew the knife out iv his belt and dhruv it into her heart. She - shivered and timed to spake, but the blood rushed out through her mouth, and she fell on the floore dead. He stopped for a minnit looking at her wid the same wild stare in his eyes, and thin softened a bit and stooped down blinded wid tho teara and kissed her forehead, for the blood was flowing from her lips. Thin he leaped to his feet and ran over and took up his gun and his powder horn and made out. The mist waa rising. He orawled over and lay down behind a big lump iv a rook, oonsayling himeelf as woll as he could, and peeped out ; there, shure enough, climbing up the pass was a body iv soljers headed,be the Captain wid his sword in his hand', urging thim on. They didn't see O'Keeffe yet, as far as he could make out, for they uiver stopped. Ho waited until they came within.range iv bis ould flintlook and thin he oovered the Captain and fired. Down fell me bould Captain, tumbling ont iv the path to be made smithreens iv be the sharp edges iv the crags below. The min stoppen and fired at O'Keeffe, for satisfaohun, but 'twas no use. They came on agin ; he fired and down goes another, and in this way they were advancing and he firing and killing a man at every f»hot. At long last his pow dher was gone, and they wore nearing and nearing. On a suddint he threw down hil gun and. stepped out to the front iv the ledge over right thim. He tore open the breast iv his . waistkit, and standing there he oulled ont in a voice that waa heard almost down in the village : 4 Fire !' The soljers stopped. It was so onexpeoted; it gave thim a start ; or shure maybe it was in admiration iv his courage ; for a soljer is - a 80ljot no matter what oolour he has on his baok. Thin they all raised their muskets and fired together. "Whin tho emoke riz they see there lying on the free mountain, torn and gashed to pieces bo the bullets, wid hiB face hali turned towards tho cave, the laBt mortui remains of tho Ribbonman, ' O'Keeffe.-J AUKS MGOAJSK, LL.B. She observed thoughtfully to her com- panion, while fanning herself with her favourite pink-oovered paper : 4 There is one thing 1 oannot understand.' HOT Companion : ' What is that P' 'They always give thinking parts to the* aotors with the least brains.' 