NOVEL. The Wonder-Wilch By m. g. McClelland. CHAPTER XVI.— (CoMTnroro.) Suss Y an dan nodded enthusiastically. She was enjoying herself immensely, and minded to keep on with it. | * Tue hat incident was good.' she affirmed — 1 4 quite dramatio, and in character with the rest ot tbe performanoe. Has Miss i Donevan reoognized you. do you think f ' I Guthrie shook his head, and pulled at his beard meditatively. * Time has gotten in stronger work along my lines,' he said. 4 From a beardless strip* li&g; l'w btoome a grlzsled and well. nigh middle-aged man. I shouldn't identify my own past and present if I hadn't watobed the evolution* She has no means of recog nition? There is no associating resemblanoe about me, and nobody here uses my Chris tian name, whioh is the. only one she ever heard. Unless the old wonder « witoh kept me in mind, I make no doubt she's for* gotten me long ago.' The young lady did not at-ree with him. She knew very well that women are not prone to forget pretty little adventures of which they themselves are the Heroines. She made this plain to him, *T»d then demanded information about the wonder witch. 1 You Sotherners have bo many signs and wonders that my brain reels under them,' she declared. ? Babbits' feet, and cross, marks in the path, and jaek-boxes filled with dried snakes, lisardB. and bird* feathers, conjure oharms and luok signs, and death ana disaster , portents, make a supernatural medley that Yankee consciousness doesn't readily assimilate. And the queer part Is that so many intelligent people among you take the thing seriously and allow lor it What in heaven's name is a wonder - witch ? She's a new species to me.' Guthrie laughed amusedly. 1 The wonder witch is the ring I gave Mies Donevan,' he explained. * We always called it that bsoaose of a legend connected with it, and the representation of a neoromantio old orone on tho slznet.' The girl of the period leaned baok in her chair and regarded her companion with undisguised admiration. 4 Ton really are the most affording people I ever encountered,' she declared, frankly. * You are all survivals. Stiok a pin In the other story, to keep the plaoe, and tell me, right here and now, about the wonder* witch.' CHAPTER XVII. f Many generations ago,' Guthrie began, 4 an anoestor of mine, a wealthy Magyar from the Carpathians, fell in love with a Romany girl, the grandchild of the queen of a powerful tribe of Tsiganies whose head quarters were in that part of Hungary, Tradition describes the young woman as rarely beautiful, with wonder- bright eyes, and the soft 'flowing speech of her people. The Magyar loved well, and the girl met hie passion at flood ; but the old woman was adverse. There was among the 'Ho many ohals' a suitor whom she favored, and she sought by iatr means and foul to bring the matoh about. Tradition is hazy as to whether tho gypsy lover was preferred because of tribal prejudices, or whether there was some special to my anoestor. Certain it is that the old woman raged, and thwarted the lovers in every way possible. She appears to have been a remarkable creature— a wise woman, deeply leaned in oooultasm and many sorts of secret know ledge. She was versed in the Black Art, a follower of Simon Magus and a praotlser of magio, so that, apart from her tribalpoalUon, she possessed an influence with thelaganies weli-nigh boundless. * Love, However, has a magic of its own, full of potency and might, so one blesce dark night the gypsy maiden and the Magyar disappeared together. 'Tis said that the witch -mother oursed her descendant, then and there, with a curse unique ana terrible, facing to the east, whence oomee magio, and spreading her artnB, so that the very winds might bear her malediction to its object. And the curse was that because the young wife had for- „ saken race and kindred for love of the Magyar, her heart should know no other love, either of children, or kindred, or nation, or friends, but under the weight of one dominanoe should petrify slowly, com pressing and hardening like stone. 'Through the old wonder-witoh's 'in fluence, the curse was passed from tribe to tribe of the Tstganies until it penetrated to the bride's hiding-place aod wrought on her imagination to such a degreft that she siokened. The Magyar did everything in his power to weaken or remove the impress ion, even to attempting to assassinate the cause of the trouble, bat without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of the girl and was not to he dislodged. So in&istent; became her dread that, after the birth of her child, a boy with a Romany jaoe ana jusgyar nature. lot wnom she ? cared nothing, the pair returned to Hun ? gary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witch ana obtain a remission* They just as well have attempted to remove the Carpathians with a glass lever. The author of their woe rejoioed in her power, and took fresh hold. She wrote out the curse in a scroll j and would study it, placing herself frequently in the young wife's path and pointing downward at it with her finger. 1 To make a long story short, au excited imagination got its fell work of superin ducing disease, and the gypsy wife presently died for fear of dying. In that day the belief in magio held sway, credulity and superstition were leash hounds to be loosed at a necromancer's will. The girl was buried aooordtag to Magyar usages, bat it is claimed that the Romany ohals, at the ^ instigation of tho old wonder-witoh, spirited away her body, and that its ultimate resting plaoe was known only to the gypsies. Her heart was removed and ohemically treated so that netrifieation ra&ilv; 1 took place. 4 Whether or not the old woman finally repented of the indireot murder, and sought to bring good out of evil, tradition does not state ) but it appears that on his attaining puberty she presented the dead woman's son (and her own great- grandson) with a curious ring of hand* hammered gold, set with a strange looking signet, the substance of which no lapidist has ever been able to determine, or could without resolving it to its original elements. The stone is heart shaped, dulled red in hue, aod delioately veined with a darker oolor. It is said to be a bit of the petrified heart. Upon it is engraved a perfect representation of tbe wonder-witch herself, with her Angers on tbe scroll. The outting Is said by experts to be unusually strong and fine. ' The magic property olaimed for this ring is that it insures constanoy in women. No woman, aocepting id from a man, can falter i or turn from allegiance to him. The ring ! passes from mother to son, a mode of progress a trifle unusual. It has on it a Bomany inscription, a free translation of whioh is, 4 What I lovs, I desire t what I desire, I granp : what I grasp, I hold-' * The Magyar's son, being half Bomany, found out all this from his mother's people and transmitted it. He married a German' and his son an Englishwoman, and so to the final American mixture. The ring, with its history, was given me by my mother.' 4 And a very abominable history it is,1 commented Miss Vandan. 1 Fanov being betrothed with an obnoxious hit of bewitched flesh instead of a nice, wholesome diamond ! It makes one feel crawly and bedevilled only to think of it. And eighteen years ago you foisted this uncanny thing upon poor, ur.Bospioious Bath Donevan I Yon ought to be ashamed of yourself, Dr. Guthrie ! To trick your own aocomplioe, after tricking your enemies ! It was a most shameless and outrageous performanoe. Sappose you'd gotten yourself killed, and that dear woman had been compelled to go through life spell- bound to eternal fidelity to a ghost ! What sort of denouement would that have been F' Guthrie parried her attaok gayly, de fll&rintr; that tr» tho nhnaf ? ? ? t* would have been eminently satisfactory. He even audaciously maintained that- if the wonder- witch had in truth guarded the position for him, she was an an cos tress worthy of honor, as well as the ablest strategist of her oyole. Whereupon Miss Vandan entered tbe oounter-deolaration that Galhrie himself would be treasure -trove to the heredity people, as demonstrating in his own person how such traits as malevolenoe aud disregard will persist through unnumbered generations. They talked a great deal of nonsense, those two, and with it all Guthrie's spirits improved to the point of considering his oaee rather hopeful, and of feeling that, somehow, ' .is hold upon Ruth was renewed. Ab for Miss Vandan, her brain aotually teemed with plans and suggestions. For the first time in her oareer she was visibly enfolded with an atmosphere of unoal cnlating loaunoe. Her son! joyed within her, and tvsry fibre 'of her being was set on the evoluion of a suitable denouement. For the next day or so she and Guthrie were inseparable, and that their communion was satisfactory was evidenced by the beatitude of their countenance. When Hogh Donevan reappeared, the young lady promptly took him into confidence, a proceeding to whioh Guthrie might have objected had he not naught a glimpse of the arcana of another situation. CHAPTER XVIII. Virtue has need to be Its own reward, for in tbe reaotion after a hard duty has been performed, if it were not for the approving conscience, one would have nothing. Even then tho odnsoienoe must approve lustily in order to hold misery at bay and make duty appear worth the doing. From her point of view, going away had seemed to Both the best possible oourse, and she had braced up her nerves, held down her heart, and taken It gallantly. Daring the ride up to the gap, the exeroise, change, and her brother's sooietv had made it relatively easy to hold thought quiesoent. Nor had the next day been bad, for her kinswoman was delighted to see her, and eager in the interchange of inquiries and accounts of local happenings. Hugh's return home made a break also, for directions had to be given and messages sent to the servants. It was on the third day that the reaotion set in heavily. Miss Randolph awoke with a blinding sick headache, for whioh the only remedy was absolute quiet in a darkened room. She was an intelligent woman and a good raconteur, with a fine store of observation and experience to draw on( and the gift of illustrative and sympathetic expression. The house seemed 1 strangely silent without her, and Bath wandered about- out adrift from her own usual occupations, and with no others to take their plaoe. This was misery's chance, and it straightway availod itself, pouoolng down like a vampire and driving its beak into her hcArt with intent to suck thenoe the life blood of oonrage and hope. Buth had a very bad time of it, made worse by the strength and soundness of her own nature. Her code was so simple and yet so unoom promising : to love grandly, to trust generously, and to follow the dictates of uonscienco without shirking or subterfuge— that waB all of it. Enough, too, to give body and substance to suffering as well as to joy. Wearily and insistently she went over it all, love playing the gamut from exaltation, through wonder and pain, to renunciation, lingering miserably over the minor ohords until life seemed a dirge and strained heartstrings the fit instrument whereon to play it. And tha k the pain was all needless did not make it one bit less hard to endure. To her it was real and tangible, and the thought that it might be unnecessary never entered her , mind. In the afternoon the innate gallantry of her nature reasserted itself, imposing a necessity for aotion. The atmosphere of the silent house seemed to smother her, and she ordered her horse. She must get out into ! the open and exercise and weary her body, so that brain and heart might find relief in physical needs. An unacknowledged sentiment had caused 1 Buth always to use gray cloth for her habits, but she had yielded to convention ality in the matter of head gear. On thin trip, however, *he had worn jaok*s elouob { hat, partly from unexplained impulse, and ; partly from deliberate effort at renewal of | old association. For the latter reason entirely, she rode a descendant of Lapwing and wore the wonder* witch's ring. On the way to the gap she had kept the talk on war topics, encouraged Hugh to reminisocnoe, and even drawn from the oloset of memory ! and dusted her own wild esoapade. The past, in very truth, was hers, and in it, to her knowledge, was no other woman. i So now, in her ride of unrest, she in stinctively turned her horse in the direction of the old frame house which had witnessed the climax of her adventure. It was situated several miles from Miss Randolph's, and during Ruth's former visits had always been ooonpied, so that, although she had passed it occasionally during tbe eighteen years, and was somewhat familiar with the exterior, she had never crossed the threshold since that old time of ^Federal ocoupation. The | situation was isolated, and after the death, i many j? ears previous, of the owner, and the dispersion ofhis heirs, it had bees impossible j to get suitable tenants for the old house, and I it had gradually graded down, falling into I worse and worse hands with each renewal oi oooupanta. At the time of Ruth's last visit, three years before, it had been in possession of a lawless family of mountaineers, named Wakefield, a morose, evil lot, mors than suspeoted of illicit praotioes. During this oooupanoy the house degenerated from mere anthrift and dilapidation into the unmistakable aspect of disrepute whioh a house can aoqulre when kept continually in bad company It was suspeoted that the oellars were used as a depot for contraband , whiskey, but for a long time the suspicion | went unverified. Tho population thereaway j was sparse, and the Wakefields were known I to be keenly averse to interference, and, in ' both sexes, addioted to the swift nse of fire- j arms, with great certainty of aim. 1 (To be continued.) j 