A MEMORY OF THE DEAD. By EDWARD DYSON. Author of " Rhymes from the Mines," " Below and on Top." (THE LEADER, Melbourne.) George Eunson stood at a little distance in the shadow of an imposing monolith raised upon the ashes of a virtuous publican, and watched the men at work about the open grave, watched, only vaguely conscious. The news of her death had come with a blinding shock, and ever since there lurked in his mind a faint idea that he had been struck a terrible blow and was hurt physically. There was an actually bodily pain, but it did not matter--nothing seemed to matter now. He saw things in a strange grey atmosphere, and all reduced, all immaterial, like the figures in those fan- tastic half-dreams that do not wholly deceive us. One man shovelled leisurely, talking loudly now the mourners were gone. An- other, standing waist deep in the pit, tramped the dirt down about the holy dead, callous as a grave-digger, Eunson did not rebel at this irreverence, his sorrow exhaus- ted him. Back in his throat he had a horrible inclination to laugh at the mere ghost of a thought that he should resent the triviality of these men. Eunson attended the funeral in an old suit, his working suit polished on all the angles ; he had not been out of it for two nights. Her relatives were offended at his shabbiness, but he noticed neither their contemptuous grimaces nor their coldness. Indeed, he had not thought of his dress, he had thought of nothing coherently--not of her. Once or twice, like a drunken man inspired with a gleam of reason, he made an effort to control his thoughts, but presently relapsed again into the strange numbness of despair. The laborers, after carefully patting the yellow mound into respectable conformity with all the other mounds in the row, had gathered up their tools and gone, and George stood over the grave, peering down as if through the earth into the fair face below. His limbs trembled, and the muscles of his neck contracted convulsively, drawing his face till the bones showed sharply, like those of a starved man. Lifting his quiver- ing hands with a gesture of utter abandon- ment, he dropped one of them upon the hillock, ambition, hops, joy--everything. He sowed her grave with all the precious promise that had been born of their love. Once the world had seemed large enough for all a man might desire, now it was narrowed to the limits of a tomb. His love had been his well spring, his key-stone, everything issued from it, every- thing was based upon it ; the love of a solitary man. George Eunson lived to be 35 without having made an intimate friend. Then his mother, his sole relation, died and suddenly he felt his utter loneliness. It frightened him; he had the feelings of a solitary traveller lost in a wilderness. At this crisis of his life they met. She was tall, with pale golden hair and a face of lily like purity, wonderfully redeemed by her mysterious eyes, golden brown magnetic eyes fringed with hazel lashes. Their love seemed to be instantaneous. Indeed, they believed they had always loved. It delighted them to recall incidents, dreams and aspirations that pointed to premedita- tion. Then followed months of madness. Snob happiness has nothing in common with sanity. Their love was secret only because it seemed sweeter so; their meet- ings were joyous conspiracies, every little note an adorable mystery. They were philosophers become children radiantly irrational, suddenly made conscious of the loveliness, the glory, the magnitude of trifles. After that a parting, for only a week they said ; and then on his part a passion of anxiety when after seven days no word came from her. Then the thunderbolt--a few lines in the paper, seen by accident, telling of her brief illness and her death. Eunson slid to the ground by the new made grave ; his forehead pressed the moist clay and the tears came, overwhelming tears, and he wept with womanish abandon. There was a certain physical relaxation in this outpouring of his grief, he was stimu- lated, and again comprehended dearly. He conceived in that moment a vivid hatred ; he raved, but his rage was impotent, it was hurled into an unechoing void. He had been robbed of his happiness and every hope, and he threw faith after them, with blind, passionate disdain. Her relations set a marble pillar over her grave, George planted a Christmas lily above her fair breast and watched it grow with anxious care. He had often seen her amongst the chaste, high lillies ; the truest picture of her treasured in his heart showed her standing where they grew stately and fair in the light of a perfect moon--pale like them, golden eyed and tall, and stirred with the same saintly grace. His idealisa- tion of the woman of his love always associated her with the moonlit lilies. Eunson watched the slender, erect stalk lifting itself higher and higher, and then came a bud, like a message. At last, on one night when he had scaled the cemetery fence and stolen to the grave, he found a glorious ghostlike flower blooming above it ; a radiant lily exhaling the faint perfume of the garden of their courtship ; a perfume that enveloped him and possessed him with a subtle intoxication. For a few minutes he enjoyed the exquisite sensations of an opium eater. The spirit of the dead seemed to hover about him, her ethereal face smiled out of a faint nimbus. He murmured low words of adoration, and presently found himself upon his knees over her grave, wet cheeked and bubbling of despair whilst the lily swung above on its supple stalk, blown into saintly genuflections, like a worshipping nun. The city, with its laughing, hurrying, callous crowds had become a torture to Eunson, a dull misanthropy was in his heart, and he longed for solitude, the solitude of a hermit in a mountain cave. It was no longer possible for him to immerse himself in his work, one thing held him--the grave. He wished to take up her coffin and bear it with him into the heart of the vast and lonely bush, there to make a tomb for it, to be his shrine for ever. The lily continued fresh and fair for many days. He stripped the stalk of its buds ; in his wayward fancy this single flower had individuality that was a faint reflex of hers. But at length the flower fell and faded and one day he found the plant torn up and lying on a heap of rubbish thrown together by the gardener, and he took the bulb and bore it away with him. Next day he turned his back on the city, and went to the bush, where his youth was spent, seeking sympathy in its dim grey lights and the inscrutable calm of its ranges. * * * * * Towards the close of the year 1881, Hare and Barker, prospecting in Gippsland for a Melbourne syndicate, one day found themselves in heavily timbered country. They had discarded the known track, making for an auriferous spur, and were taking a bee line, trusting in their bushcraft to come out all right. Having rested during the hottest hours of the day, the men were afoot again, now that the sun rolling low above the western hills shot shafts of red light through the gauzy shadow hanging under the trees. Suddenly Barker, who was leading, stopped short with a low cry, pointing before him to where a huge bunch of flowers of dazzling whiteness hung in mid air, vivified with a strange lustre. Hare joined his mate, and the two men stood still, staring with amazement as if they had been brought face to face with something uncanny. Their faces even paled a little under the tan, for here in their pristine solitudes the flowers had all the significance of the supernatural. "Christmas lilies !" murmured Hare. He moved towards the blossom, with a certain awe. The trunk of a fallen tree intervened, and at this he stopped, and now it was he who cried aloud, a cry of horror. Upon the ground beyond lay a skeleton, almost intact. The bleached bones were bare and grim, and from the ground up, between the blackened ribs, where once a human heart had beat, sprang the Christmas lily, the massed blossom of which glowed in the golden ray of the setting sun quite six feet in the air. Hare shook a watch from the rotten fragments of a vest that lay near, and. holding the case in the sunbeam discovered a name inscribed upon it. " George Eunson !" he said. 