ANNIVERSARY OF THE CONGREGA- TION AL CHURCH. The 45th anniversary of the Congregational Church was celebrated on Sunday, when special sermons were preached morning and evening by the Rev Edward Watts, who commenced his ministry as pastor of the church. At tho morn ing service the preacher addressed the young people, taking the 1st words in Genesis, " In the beginning," and gave some wise counsels, urging upon the young the necessity of a good beginning ; and beginning well ; to continue in the path of well-doing. In his discourse to tho church and congregation, the preacher ; took as the theme of his first discourse as pastor, "Trans formations," text 2nd Corinthians, 3rd chapter, 18th verse, treating upon some aspects of the transforming influence of Christ in the heart and life of those who surrender themselves to Him as His followers. y. In the evening the preacher discoursed nn "Foundations," basing his discourse on tho words in 1st Corinthians, 3rd chapter,' 11th veree — "For othor foundations can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." 'The preacher referred to Paul as having been engaged in rebuking the errors' the eu'rly Corinthians had.failen into, whereby they had drjfced away to a very great extent from tho true spirit, life, and work of Christianity. Paul iti the words of the text avas seeking to, set them right, and leading to build on the right foundation, "Christ, and learn from His gospel its' to the work of building. The preacher affirmed that tho message of God, love to man, was to be relied on to w.in raen to God. - lie urged. his hearers to look into and oxamine their own liearts ; and that they were resting on Christ, to secure hap piness. The foundation of the true life of tho heart was in Christ, and then having laid on the foundation we were to rise and build, to ' build was to labour, ami we are to labour to build our selves into the temple of the. Holy .Ghost.'" ' The rev. gentleman was listunod to by very largo congregations morning and evening..- . Anthems were sung by llio choir, and Miss 0Keefe sang the solo " Angels Ever Bright, and Fair" during the offertory at the morning service. In the absence of Miss Williams, on an, extended holiday tour in Queensland, Mrs T; Brock and Miss O'Keefu presided at the organ in the morning and evening respectively. 