CHAPTER VI.—MR. TOWNSHEND, OF JERMYN-STREET. It was plainly become a desperate situation in which James Graham was placed. It was all the more hazardous and exasperating that, since he was not truly the responsible person, since he truly had seen nothing, he could give no explanation of the new circum- stances: he could only speculate con- cerning them as others did. As for his faithful sweetheart, little Nelly, she was at her wits' end when she knew of the anonymous letter and the discovery ensuing thereupon. And she could for some time discuss the matter only with, Liz: for her lover was not accessible, and Mrs. Graham, still tossing in her fever, remained unaware of all that had happened and of all that was happening. And Liz did not help much towards a solution of the mys- tery. "I do wonder," Nelly said, "if mother could have fired that thing off." "Not her!" said Liz. Then with con- viction and satisfaction, "It was nob- but a judgment on that man!" "But even if she had done it," said Nelly, pursuing h:er own line of thought, "she couldn't have written the letter; that must have been, written by someone who saw it done—or, perhaps, who did it!" And her suspicion flashed upon the strange gentleman called Townshend, of 25 Jermyn-street: though why he should have done it she could not guess. "A man," she continued to Liz, "could easily have come in quietly, for you had left the door latched back." "Now, give over, 'ooney!" said Liz. Wheer's t' use o' turning thy head inside out guessing conundrums like them? - It's as plain to me as my hand that it was t' finger o' God Almighty!" "What?" said Nelly. "You mean that God pulled the trigger and fired the gun?" "And what for not?" demanded Liz, indignantly. "Bain't God Almighty's t judgments wonlderful and past finding ' out, as t' Book says? And wasn't c Robert Graham just as bad as bad t could be?" "And I suppose," said Nelly, ironi cally, "God Almighty wrote that letter too?" "Well," cried Liz, "and couldn't he? He has written a mort o' things about Moses and t' prophets, .and it woul(lna' I bc so much wi' one dip o' lis lipen to write you bit o' a letter!" These views did not encourage Nelly to pursue speculation any further with the aid of Liz. But, brave and resolute heart as she was, sho formed a great and grave reso- lution. She had already addressed a civil little letter, in her lover's behalf, to "- Townshend, IEq., 25. Jermyn-. street," and she thought that, having done so. much, she might do more. Mr. Townshend was evidently well-dis- posed to her lover-from whatever cause-and ready to do him a service: if she saw him. face to face, she might be able to judge what kind of "gentle man" he was; might get some guidance or light from him in the darkness. of this mystery; and, in short, might de rive several advantages which were not quite clear to her yet. At any rate, she made up her impulsive and resolute little mind to go to Mr. Townshend's address, and she went. Mr. Townshend, about 7 o'clock: that evening, sat in his rooms in Jermyn strcet, talking to his "man," and keep ing the thought of dressing in his mind. "Yes, Marquis," said the man; "and what jewellery?" "It's at the Savoy-with Mr. Barnato and that lot. No, Mortimer, we won't be vulgar. I'll wear nothing but the Czar Alexander's diamond ring." "Yes, Marquis," said Mortimer (who though an old valet, was active and at tentive); "that will be nobby. It will take the shine out of them." "The devil!" .exclaimed Mr. Town shend, who was running his eye through the extra special of the "Globe." "Here's a new tip about that man Graiham! Read it, Mortimer." Mortimer read the published news of the anonymous letter and the discovery which ensued thereupon, while Town slend pulled his thick moustache in careful thought. When Mortimer had finished and handed back the paper, Townshend looked up, tossing back the black lock which fell upon his fore head, ald showing, with that andti his long throat containing a very pro nounced Adam's apple, a head strangely like that of a Polish fowl. That con struction of head and throat gave him a remarkably deep and vibrant voice, which in its higher notes made you think of the sound of a fog-horn oil! a dangerous coast. "What do you think of him, Morti mer?-of his chances after that?" he asked. "Chances, Marquis? I think he'll have to be one of us-and a lucky good chance, too!" "I think so, Mortimer. 'Pon my soul, I'm sorry for him." "You are for everybody, Marquis." "And a clever fellow, too!" Town shend continued, without heeding Mor timer's mremark. "Just think of that gun, Mortimer-his own invention! A real needle-gun! Perfect safety with it, eh?" "Yes, Marquis!" said Mortimer, nod ding in admiration. "But he'll be one of us yet, Marquis: there's no doubt about it. You'll manage it, Marquis!" "Did I hear our bell ring, Mortimer?" said Townshend. "I'll see, Marquis," said Mortimer, and went oil'. In a minute or so lie returned. "A lady wishes to see you, sir." "A lady?" "Yes, sir; seems a nice enough little person.. But she has never been here before." "All right. Show her in. And, Mor- timer." "Yes, sir." "Put my clothes out in there. I shall want to dress in a few minutes." Mortimer was a discreet servant, with furtive step and drooping eye, and after introducing the visitor he retired so softly that he seemed to melt away, like an unsubstantial ghost. It was a little lady—pretty and piquante—that Townshend received with an impressive bow as she crossed his threshold.. "Perhaps it is rude of me," said she in a tone at once frightened but reso lute, "to call on you like this." "Charmed, I'm sure," said Mr. Town- shend, with another how, and placed a chair. "Delighted, Miss-er?" "My name is Clemance," said Nelly bravely; "I wrote a note 'to you on Mir. Graham's account." "Ah, to be sure—Miss Clemance," said he: and a new kindly politeness as well as a new attention seemed to animate his mamnner and his voice. "Won't you put.up that damp cloak? It is a horrid wet night. Allow me." He lifted the fur cloak fr'om her shoulders and spread it over the back of a chair. "You are Mr. Townshend?" said she, looking at him, in fra;nk scrutiny, when they had sat down opposite each other. "I am-at your service, Miss Clem- ance." "I heard from—from him—Mr. Gra- ham-how you appeared at the door that first dreadful night," said she. "Excuse me," said he; "but do you come to, me from Mr. Graham?" "No," she answered, a littleput out, and blushing in her perplexity. "I have just come because, I suddenly thought I would. I I tught-I thought "Oh, be at your ease,. pray, about that. I only wished to know if Mr. Graham had asked you to come... If I can serve you, be assured I will." "It's him I want you to help, ; Mr. Townshend!" she. broke out. "You seemed so kind and generous in the way you wrote to him I have ventured to come and ask you! I am bewilder'ed I don't understand this that has hap- pened. Perhaps you do. You know, f I t'hinlk-Ocr, guess-that Mr. Graham e 'had n:cthing to do with it at alli that Sit.:wa s all over, 'whateveir it as; when She got home-that-" "'My deanr Miss Clemance," he iter rupted. "is it quite' fa.ir to put all that to me without Mr. Grahams permise sion? He went himself, without any compulsion I presume, to the police, and made a certain statbment--if he means to stick to that statement--and I suppcse he does--what good purpose can be served by our going behind it?" "Oh, I don't know!" she said, clasp- ing her hands in her lap. "Perhaps I have done wrong. But I know he is innocent, and I want to save him. I woulmi talke his' place if I could." ''Come. come," .said Mr. Townshend, crothingly and kindly. "Bear up. You are a brave young lady. I'm sure. Be twben ourscelves I don't mind admitting that I know Mr. Graham to be innocent, That is very agreeable to know, be cause it makes us admire him; but it doesn't help us to, get him oL." "It may," said she, briskly, "because you must he sure he did not let oiff that gun: who did, then?" "Ah, who?" said he, regarding her. "We can find out, surely!" "We can try. But we may fail. Let me point this out to you, Miss Clem- ante. An ordinary detective can no moire work without a theory than a—a clergyman can preach without a text. ':Y~it.ma y be sure that the fixed theory of 'the detectives in this is that James Graham killed his father, either on pur- pose or by accident. A new fact more or less won't turn them away from that' theory: it will- only make them squeeze the fact to fit the theory. Here they have little difficulty: the gun was Mr'. Graham's own. And I venture to declare that they have already made up their minds that James Graham himself fired that shot-if," he. added, witli his odd flutter of a smile, "you can say lir'e a shot, when the business was done with air and a needle." "But hbwv unjust that is in them!". she exclaimed, "My dear Miss Clemance," said he, "the business of detectives is not to do justice, but having got hold of a man to get him convicted. They don't mean any harm: it is just in the way of business." "But," ,she cried, "what about the letter? Even if James might have fired the gun he can't have written the let- ter! They must be very stupid if they can't see that!" "They are stupid. Most people are stupid. And then you know the say- ing, 'None are so blind as those who won't see.' " "Do you really and truly think they won't see it?" she asked, in dismay. "From all I know of that kind of person--and I know a good deal, Miss Clemance-I shoul'd, really and truly, say they won't see it. But," he made haste to add, on noting how downcast she was, "'you mustn't let that dis- hearten you. After all, the matter will rest with a jury, and we must get a clever counsel that will present things in their proper light and their true relation., and convince the twelve: I know the very man." "You seem to ,know everybody, Mr. Townshend," she exclaimed; "I mean everybody useful. It is very kind of you indeed. I don't know why you are so kind." "Well," said he, in his most sonorous, vibrant tones, "I have a weakness for courage; I like to see a man—or a woman-brave enough to do something without counting the cost to them selves. I consider Mr. Graham that kind of man, and I take the liberty of admiring him. And then, in a case like his," said he, showing again that flutter of asmile under his thick mous- tache, "I can't help being something of a philanthropist." "What are you really, Mr. Town- shend ?" asked Nelly, impulsively. "Oh," she cried, blushing, "I didn't mean to say that! I was thinking it, and it came out. I mean, I was won- dering if you were a great man of some kind—a great Government official, per- haps; because you seem to know every- body, and seem confident of this all ending easily for James—Mr. Graham. Do you mind my asking what you are?" He laughed a little—a deep bark or two-and pulled his 'moustache, and pulled his moustache, and pushed back gently the crest of black hair from his forehead. "I am," said he, with that odd smile, "-er-a Socialist, Miss Clemance." "Oh," she cried, with enthusiasm; for, being a girl 'of warm heart and active opinions, she had cultivated an admiration for that kind of person, "are you? Then you know Mr1. Ber nard Shaw?" "Shaw? Shaw? The Fire Brigade? -I know, whom you mean: a man that writes; no; I don't know him." "Bu.t he is a Socialist!" "Ali," said Townshend, and algain that smile fluttered, "I am a practical Socialist; he's a th'eoretical one." These were the words which hung in Nelly Clemance's ear after she had left this man who so strangely inte rested her, with his mystery and his politeness, his kindness, and his evi dent sense of power. As she descended the stairs she felt pleased and satisfied with him and her interview; and yet, when she came to reflect she had gained nothing but a large though vague pro mise of help. As Nelly descended the stairs. she met ascending a? tall and fashionably Sdressed laidy whol stared at her, and she wondered if she also were about to visit Mr. Townshend. (To. be continued.) Young .Mother: -"What in the world makes the baby cry so?" Young Father: "I suppose he heard me say I Smanaged to get. a little sleep last Snight." It is a thankless world.. A man gets no credit when he pays cash. 