THE HOVELIST. the Weapons of MYSTERY. BY JOSEPH HOCKING. . Author of "All Men are Liars," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax,'' &c.; ■* CHAPTER IX.—THE HALL GHOST. I Perhaps some of uiy readers may think j I was doing-wrong in determining, to listen to the proposed conference between. Miss Staggles and Voltaire. 1' do not offer any excuse, however. I' felt that if this man was to be fought, it inust be by, his own weapons: such, at 'any rate, as I could use. I remembered the terrible influence he had exercised over me, the power of which might not yet be broken. I remembered Miss Forrest, too. Evidently this man was | a villain, and wanted to make her his wife. To stop such an event, I would devote my life. Something important might be the result of such a conversation. I might j hear disclosed the secret of his influence, j and thereby discover the means whereby 1 | could be free, 'and this freedom might, I hoped, make me his master. j Anyhow 1 went. The dark clouds which swept across the sky liid the pale rays of the moon, and, clothed in black as I was, it, would be difficult to see me amongst the dark tall trees/ I hurried to the summer house, for I wished to be there before they arrived. I was successful in this; When I came all was silent; so I got "behind a large tree, which, while it hid me from any one entering the lipuse, enabled me to be with-: in earshot of anything that might be said, especially so as the summer-house was a rustic affair, and the sides by no means thick. Silently I waite'd for, I should think, lialf an-hour; then a woman came alone. Evi dently she was cold, for %he stamped her feet against the wood door with great vehe mence. Minute after minute passed by, and still there was no third party. Then I lieard a low " hist." "You're late/' said the woman's voice, which t recognised as Miss Staggles's. "Yes; and wc must not stay long.'' "Why?" "Because I think we are watched." "But why should we be watched? Surely no one perceives that we are suspicious par ties?" "I cannot say. I only know I cannot , slay long." " Why, again?" ] "'] have much to think about, much to j do." „ "And I have much to tell you." "I c-an guess it, 1 think; but I must know. Tell me quickly." • He spoke peremptorily, as if he had a right to command, while she did not resent his dictatorial tones. "They've been riding together again to day." • "I guessed it. Bah! what a fool I've been! But there, that may mean no thing." "But it does; it means a great deal-" "What?" "I believe that he's asked her to be his wife. In fact, I'm sure he has." '"Darkness and death, lie has! And, she?" "1 hardly know; but as sure as we are alive, she likes him." "How do you know this?" "I saw then) come in.from their ride, and so I guessed that they hud become friendly "Well?" "Well, I met her in the hall. Hhe looked as happy as a girl could well look. 1 am a woman, so 1 began to put two and two together. I determined to listen. I went upstairs to my room, which, you know, is close to Miss Gray's and Gertrude's. If you had known girls as long as I, you would know that lliey usually make friends and confidantes ■ of each other. 1 found this to be true in the present ease. Ger trude had not been in their room above five minutes before Miss Gray came to the door and asked to come in. Jt was im mediately opened, and she entered." "And what then." "1 listened." "Just so; I_ expected that. But what did you hear?". "1 could not catch nil they said: hut I ralhered that they had a delightful ride, that Mr. Blake had-made a declaration of love to Gertrude." "And ner answer." "I could not catch .that; she spoke too low. But I should think it was favour able, for there,was a great deal of . whis pering, and after a while I heard something about that dreadful man being Mr. Blake's enemy." "Ah! I low did thev know that?" '"I gathered that Air. Blake told her. Look here, Herod Voltaire; you are playing a losing game." '"1 playing a losing game? Do- not fear. I'll win", VU win, or—or " _ Here' lie paused, as if a thought, struck kini. "Why don't you get an influence over her, as you did over Blake? Then you could manage easily." "1 cannot. FVe tried. Her nature is not susceptible; besides, even if 1 gdt such a power, 1 could not use it. You cannot force love, and the very nature of the ease .would make such a thing impossible. Stay! You know Miss Forrest well, don't you—her education, and her disposition?" "I've known her long enough." "Well, tell me whether I am correct in my estimate of her character. If I. am, J do not fear. She's very clear-headed, sharp, and clever; a liater of humbug, a despiser of cant." "True enough; hpt What's this got to do with the matter?" "In spite of this,-however," went on Vol taire without heeding Miss Staggles' query, "she has a great deal of romance in her na ture; lias a strong love for mystery, so much so that she is in some things a trifle -superstitious." "] can't say as to that; but I should think you are correct." "Then-she's a young lady of very strong likes and dislikes, but at bottom' is of a very affectionate nature." "Affectionate to nearly every, one but me," muttered Miss Staggles. "She is intensely proud " "As Lucifer!" interrupted Miss Staggles. "This is her great- weakness," went ou Voltaire. "Her pride will overcome her judgment, and because of it she will do tilings for which she will afterwards be sorry. Is this true?" . "True to the letter. You must be a wizard, Herod Voltaire, ' or you couldn't have summed up her disposition so correct •y" "Her sense of honour is very great. She would sacrifice her happiness to do what was thought to be honourable." "I believe she would." ' "Then my path is marked out," said he, savagely. From that time I could catch nothing- of what was said, although they.conversed for fire minutes t least... But it^rns in wbis peris so low thalt 1 could not catch a word. ''Presently tliey. got upanw went away, while I, witli -aching head and fast- beating hejirt, tried to think what to do.. Every thing was mystery. I could not see a step before me. Why .should Miss Staggles -be bo willing, to help Herod Voltaire, and what were the designs -in his mind? What was his purpose in getting at a correct estimate of Miss Forrest's character? I went to the house pondering these things in my mind, and, arrving there, heard the hall clock strike the quarter, from which 1 knew it was a quarter- past six. We were to dine at seven that day, and, as 1 did nob usually make an elabo rate toilette, I knew I had plenty of tinle, I felt I could not go in for.a few minutes; my brain seemed on fire. I turned to take a walk towards the park gates, when 'I heard a footstep, and turning, saw Simon Slowden. "Can you give me ten minutes before din ner, sur?" he said. "1 daresay,". I said. He led me into the room in which we had spoken together before. "There's something wrong, yer honour*," he said, in a low voice. - ■ : "How do you know?" "Why, that 'ere Egyptian hev bin dog gin' me all day. He's got a hinklin' as how we're tryin' to match 'em, and reckons as how I'm yer-friend. Besides, to- day when I see you ride hoff with the young lady, I thinks to myself, 'There's no know in' what time he'H be back.' I know what 'tis, yer.honour; hi've bin in the arms- o' Wenus myself, and knows as 'ow a hour slips away like a minnit. So as there wur no tellin' if you would get to the summer house to- night at five o'clock, I thought I'd just toddle up myself. But 'twas no go. I sees they two willains a-talkin' to gether, and when that 'ere Woltaire went off by himself, the other took if'pon him to keep wi' me. I tried to git 'iin off, but 'twas no use; he stuck to me like a limpet to a. rock." "Perhaps it was all fancy, Simon." "No fancy in we, but a lot o' judgment. Fact, sur, I've begun to think for the fust time as 'ow some things in the Bible ain't true. In the Psalms of Solomon it reads, 'Resist the devil and he'll go away how lin'." Well, I've resisted that 'ere devil,, and he wouldn't go aifottill he'd knowed as how he'd played his little game;" and Simon looked very solemn indeed. "Is that all, Simon?" "All, yer honour.- 'Tisn't much, you think; but to me it looks mighty suspi cious. as I said to my sweetheart wheu I see her a-huggin' and kissin' the coach man." I went away laughing, but my heart was still heavy. Try as 1 would, 1 could not dispel the fancy that soon something ter rible would happen. During dinner Kaffar made himself very disagreeable. This was somewhat unusual, as he was generally very bland and polite, but to-night he was so cantankerous that 1 fancied he must have been drinking. To me he was especially insulting, and went so far as to hint that I, unlike other Eng lishmen, was a coward; that 1 hadn't cou rage to resist a man manfully, but would act towards an enemy in a cunning serpent-like way. This was not the first occasion on which he had sought to pick a quarrel with me, and 1 felt like resenting it. I desisted, however, as there were ladies present, and went on' quietly talk ing to my neighbour as if he hadn't spoken. This "roused his ire more, while I saw that Voltaire watched me with his light glitter ing eye, as if expecting a scene. After dinner, this being New Year's Day, we passed a more than usually merry time. Stories were told, old ballads were sung, while Roger de Ooverley was danced iu downright earnest by most of those who were present. By midnight, however, the old hall was silent; each of us had repaired to his room, and most, 1 expect, were quietly asleep, when a terrible scream was heard, after which there were shouts for help and hysterical cries.' The sounds seemed to come from the direction of the servunts' hull, and quickly putting on some clothes I hurried thither. I soon found that the noise had roused the whole house hold, aud so, when 1 arrived, 1 found, a number of (he guests had gathered to gether. On looking into the room I saw that the housekeeper was lying in a swoon, one of the, servants was in hysterics, while Simon Slowden, who was in the room, and. the page boy looked as white as sheets, and were trembling evidently with fear. "What does this mean?" asked Tom Temple, a little angrily. At this (he housekeeper became conscious, and said in a hoarse whisper, "is she gone?" "What? Who do you mean?" asked Tom. "The hall lady," she said fearfully. "We are all friends here," said Tom, and I thought I detected an amount of anxiety in his voice. J. his appeared to assure Hie housekeeper, who got up and tried to collect her thoughts. We all waited anxiously lor her to speak. "1 have stayed _ up late, Mr. Temple," she said to Tom. "in order to arrange some what for the party you propose giving 011 Thursday. The work had got behind, aud so I asked two or three of the servants to assist me." She stopped here, as if at a loss how to proceed. "Go oil, Mrs. Richards; we want to know all. Surely there must be something ter rible to cause you all to arouse us in this way." "I'll tell you as well as J can," said the housekeeper," but I can hardly bear to think about it. 'Twas about 1 o'clock,, aud we were all _ very busy, when we heard a noise ■ in the cor ridor outside'Die door. Naturally, we turn ed to look, when the door opened, aud something entered." "Well, what? Some servant walking in her sleep?" . "No, sir," said Mrs. Richards in awful "tones. "'It looked like a woman, very tall, and she had a long white shroud around her, and 011 it were spots of blood. In her hand she carried a long knife, which was also covered with blood,- jvhile the hand which held it was red; • 'She came closer to us," she weut on with a. shudder, "and then stopped, lifting the terrible knife in the air. I cannot remember any more, for I was so terribly frightened. I gave an awful scream, and then I supposed I fainted." This story was told with, many interrup tions, many pauses, many cries, and I saw that the faces around were blanched with fear. "Do you know what it did, Simon," said Torn, turning to that worthy, "after it lift ed its knife m tlie air?" "•She went away with a wail like," said Simon slowly; "she opened the door and went out. An' then 1 tried to go to the door, and when I got there, there was no thin'." "That is, you looked into the passage ?" Simon nodded. 1.? ; .."And what did you think she.was like?" .'"Like the liall -glio.st,,as' I've heard so muc-h about," said Simon. 'The hall ghost! cried- the ladies hys-i terically. "What does tliat mean, Mr. Temple?" ■ - * • - - I do lloi thiols' Tom shouhKhave encou raged their superstition by telling'- them/ j but lie did. He was so excited; and scarcely knew what was best to do. " M'\ ! "They say that, like other old bouses, Temple Hall has its ghost," he said; "that She usually appears on New Year's night. ' If the year is to be good to those within nttheitinie, she come with flowers an)i dress ed in gay attire; if bad, she is clothed in black; if there's to be death for any one, she wears a shroud. But it's all nonsense, you know," said Tom, uneasily. ■' _ ■ , "And she's come in a shroud," said the servant who had been in hysterics, ^ "and there was spots of blood upon it. and that means that the one who dies will be mur dered; and there was a knife in her hand, and that means 'twill be done by a knife.' It would be impossible to describe the effect .this girl's words made. She made the ghost very real to many, and the cala mity which she was supposed to foretell seemed certain to come to pass. I look'ed at Gertrude Forrest and Ethel Gray, who, wrapped in their dressing-gowns, stood side by side, and-I saw that both of them were terribly moved. • Voltaire and lvafl'ar were both there, but they uttered no word. They, too, seemed to believe in the reality of the apparition. After a great deal of questioning on the part of the lady guests, and many .sooth ing replies on the part of the men, some thing like quietness was at length restored, and many of the" braver ones began to return to their rooms, until Tom and I were left alone in the sen-ants' hall. We | again questioned the servants, but with the same' result., and then we went quietly upstairs. Arriving at the landing, we saw Miss Forrest and Miss Gray . leaving Mrs. Temple at the door of her room. Tom hurried to Miss Gray, and took her by the hand, while iHifllhing loth, spoke to Miss Forrest. "There's surely some trick in this," I said to her. I felt her baud tremble, in mine as she spoke. "1 do iiot know. It seems terribly real, and I have heard of such strange things." "Hut you are not afraid? If you are, I shall be up all night, and will he so happy to help you." I thought I felt a gentle .pressure of her hand, but I was not sure; but I know that her look made me very happy as she, to gether with Edith Gray, entered her room a few minutes after. When they had gone, I said to Tom, "I am not going to lied to-night." ' . "No?" said Tom. "Well, I'll stay up with you." _ "Tins ghost affair is nonsense. Tom. 1 hope you will not find any valuables gone to-morrow." "Ileal or not," said Tom, gaily, "I'm glad it came." "How's that?" "It gave me nerve to pop the question," he replied.^ "I told my little girl just now —for she is mine now—that she wanted a strong man to protect such a weak little* darling." ! "And she?" I ",She said that she knew of no one whom she liked that eared enough for her to pro tect her. So' 1 told her I did, and then— well, what followed was perfectly satisfac tory." I congratulated him on his audacity, and then we spent the night in wandering about the first floor of the house, trying to find the ghost, but in vain; and when the morn ing caino. and we all tried to laugh at the ghost. T felt that there was a deep sinister meaning in it all, and wondered what the end would be. 