NEWS AND NOTES. APPLacaTIoss from persons willing to undertake the working of the punt at Molesworth will be dealt with by the shire council on Saturday next. Tenders return. able by that day will also bh received for erection of fencing leading.to punt. site. Tns following applicationsippeared in the last issue of the GOoernmnfii Gazette: Mining lease issued : D. B. Olney and D. E. Ryan, 46a. 3r. 7p. Transfer registered : J. 0\. Richards, to Alfred John.Richards, 430a Kerrisdale. Transferoflease :Michaei Cahill to Daniel O'Connor. 225a.. Yea. A DETrrATION from the Chamber of Com merce preferred a request to the Post master-General on Tuesday last for the re-introduction of the penny post. The Department is not opposed to the reduction of the postage rates provided a way can be seen by the Treasurer no withstand a loss .f revenue during the first years of its intro. duction. IN our advertising columns Mr. D. Olney announces that he has for sale Crockett's well-known flour, which is manufactured at Yarrawonga. Mr. Oloey is the sole agent in this district for the flout which has given entire satisfactien wherever it has been tried. The grocery and ironmongery de partments are also replete with allfirst. class goods. Tot plans and specifications submitted by Mr. Fennelly, C.E, for supplying the town ship of Alexandra with water have been approved of by the Water Supply Depart. ment. The loan money (£3500) is now available and tenders are being called for the various works and Mr. .Fennelly antici pates that water willbe laid on during the month of September. A DANCE in aid of the :Aleandra Hoopi tal will be held in t? Glenburn State school on Friday, 23rd June IT is the intentio of. the.Protestant ministers resident intso Alexandra district to hold aPleasant Sit` ay Afternoon in the Alexandra Shire 7alt on July 2nd. Ths proceedn will be devoud to the funds of the Alexandra Hospithal ' Toe fo?fowing is a stateoment of the accodnts in connection with the holdingr of the house fo Mrs. Pearce.?. Receipts= Matchett Family, £5 St. Luke's Chhrch special offertory, £3 2 ;d; undry done tions, £3 7'. 6d,-Total, 1£11 10s. Expend diture-Building accoinI (3J. .\y Johinsto), £11 10., ON Sunday last Mrs. Cooling mother of Mr. Thos. Dignam, died at .the latter' re sidence, Yellow Creek, at the advanced age of 93 years. Deeeaed was a resident of this district for 40 years, and it lonist for over.60 years. The funeral took ,place on Monday, when a nmiier of frends qf the deceased followed her remain to tihe Yeas cem ". . ....etery.. M . J. C.. Srra,. of.the .Caledonian Store, Yea, willnon ;Tbrsda-ynext commence a stock-taking sale,',when-.urplu:. winter goods, *tp etc.,s will be thrown oat,at.un-. precedented low prices. Full particulars will appear i'n" iisex`'fa"d';i d?t?,~i purchasers are strongly adrlseel o give some more than passiing notice as the sale is genuine, a?id theogoos' which are all ne?ik' must be'elenred. 'i . HEAVr weather has been, experincedt in this distriet daring the past ,week,rain fallhg In some instances with almost tro-. pil violence. On Saturday 65 poina were leogitered and this heavy rain coming as it did after several days of wet weather eass-d the Yes River to rise rapidly, but, the flood water did not rise to any abnormal'prpor tions. On Monday the weather wasbitterly cold and the ranges at Switzerland; wrre covered' on their snmnits with a white mantle of snow which disappeared as the day advanced .. ,. Is- the Bonnie Dooii"disttit Reynord appears bt.. becoining a_ great nuisance and a number of farmers andlrgraziers nmal ganmated for thef p'urpose of s.imuliaannsly poisoning" the pest. After 'che night's poisoning no less than? 5 dead' foxes were discovered, the bait used befog balls of:.fat and strychnine, which were buried and a fresh sheepskin being used as a trail leading toe tl~ e bait. In this district Reynard is becoming daring as he has been seen close in to the town in open daylight. " Tar? book. onimittee.of the Yea Free Library-have pnrchased the following books which are now available' for "the public i_ Isabel Carnaby, Cruise of the'Cachalot, Mr. Dooley, Phillip Strong, Stories in.light and Shadow, Archdeacon, Thiges That '{ave Happened, Rodens Corhei,'Daighter 6f' the Vine, A Duet,' Summer 'Jaiunt,i Double Thread, Gardenii of Swords Great Stoae of Sardis, Death That Lurks Unseen, Aylwin, Mora.Tramps, Ghost I Have Met, Mutable Many, Sherlock :Holmes,. Elder Conklini, Voice of a Charmer, Lid M'Lean Drameirs of Ghetto,LosataEntry, Seiiners,: Magazi ne, v. 21 and 22. \- ncedrmnsati*hi minintoreig j'ewler and watchmnaker, has'commenced business in the old Cash Store, where he is now shewiu~'a fine assortment of jewellery, ladies n'aid gents watches, clocks, electro ware, etc. Mr. Begg aneounces thata 'special fenstre in .the conduct .of his boainess will be moderate charges . and promptness of -ktten :on, and he assures us that-he can supply all classes of goods or effect repaairs on, more favorable 'terms than is the rule- in the metropolis. As is our custom on behalf of all loch business people, we bespeak for Mr. Begg the support of Yes and district, 'be lieving that money spent and' employment given locally is of adivantago and to the best interests of the place. . AT the expiration of next month Cr. Quinlan, shire president, will. have com. pleted his 25th'year of ofeice as a municoipal representative.. In other words he has for a quarter of, a century been continuously devoting his time and influence to the interests' of ':the ratepayers and general public. Such a record is one of which any man might well feel proud, but it were a pity and an injustice if suchowere allowed to go unrecognised; consequently a ionise mentis on mooted to adequately mark. the appreciation and esteem in which the efforts of our respected friend are held by :the people of Yea and district. The matter, we feel sure, has only to be mentioned to receive the co-operation. and support of all sections of the coimmunity, and doubtless the colleagues of Cr. Quinlan in the-Coniiell and Dairy Company will be amongst the most earnest supporters of the project, they being better able to estimate what asacrifice 25 years of unbroken service means..: Ala. Cits. Beco, who has left Bro6fdrd to commence business in Yea, was enter tained at a farewell, social by a number of his friends on Thursday evening last. - Cr. J. E. Feotottwao *ot$let6 t-thidOh-lF iiid those present par?ook of the many good. things provided.. After the- tousts of " The Queen,"' and " Local Governing Bldies," the latter being responded to by Crs..Corney (shire president), and J. Zwar, the guest of the evening was presented with a silver mounted umbrella inscribed : Presented to Mr. Chas. Begg by a few friends-as a token of esteem on his leaving Broadford for Ya." The chairman stated that the prese?i?tios was but a small token of the esteem.in which the guest was held by many in the district, and would be accepted by the rcei: plent, no doubt, more for its extrinsic than its intrinsic value. Mr. Begg was removing to a district which was now going alhemad, and as the name of Charley Begg was - household ene in Anglesey lie was not going among strangers. In makirg the presents tion on behalf of those present and thrse absent he wished the guesm halj, wealoh, and prosperity in his new phere.ve lphii.'r Mr. Begg, on rising to ireply, rcelved quite an ovation. He sai'tthat the ?t?zpres:o sion of their kindness ca;miso suddenly open him that he had a dificolY: in findilngwordts to express his thankful 'as. lip vi'ird]. always remember their lihdness;i'aod ?tir nice present would alhva. be a r~oihadr f, their last expression ofgood-will towards him, Several sngs at d'recitations were rendered during the .ening the aocial being a pleasant and hlo"ty one.o :D. Sree.uS,,late seniorresident surgeon of the Melbourne .Hospital has commenced ,practice in Seymour, where he has estab lished the "Tantallon" Private Haospital, of whichd liss Tiddy0 late of the Melbourne Hospital, has been appointed matron: r. Shield, who is .a s on the CGovernment Medical Officer, came through a brilliant career in the Melboiirne University, securing bonors on neatly every occasion of exami nation. 'Afterwards in the Melbourne Hos pital his success roceeded unchequered, and he there gained nmuch practical eperi edce' and 'a high- reputation amongst the patients and his medical confreres. Since arriving in Seymour he has been kept very buisy, and patients attending his private hospital have :come from such a wide dis tlace aid' been so numerous as to render necessary the services of a osecopd qalified and experienced nunre,'and a secobdd cottage on ai to have separate ones for male and female patients.:.Seymour is lucky. in ac quiring the services of sunch a practitioner as Dr. Shields; and residents of the 'immediate and surrounding districts in having at hand a genitleman possesed ofsuch ciredeitills and skilL CossEquEiN, upon the expiraiion of lease there has been some uncertainty of late as in??l· ntire ' mnagement"and conduct ob th Yiwa cauon-ciEc, hot this' has' ben net a;ide for the' present at any rate by" the present lessee, 'Mr. "Dobson;, having been offered and accepted 'an extension of lease for 12 months.:' We could have hoped that the extension would have been for a' longer term, and now trust `that in the meantime some equally satisfactoy' and more bne ficial arrangenent for all concerned will be arrived at. As in the pant,'so in the future, it will beh our' endeavour `to conduct" the CGaom-ciE on fair and impartial lines, void of all party, religious 6r social bias, drawing the line evenly between the'whole.. This is not easy of achievement, but it will ever be our aim; believing an we do thlat the welfare of the community is the- welfare' of" all. We solicit a contionance of the ce-operation and support of the' public, and accord' to them our heartiest and sincerest thanks for the kind assastancevounchsafed hitherto. Ms. & Mss. A. C Thso, after a resi 'dence of. five years at the Switzerland station, on Tuesday took their departure irom this district for Penesey, near Hay, N.S.W., where they intend :in future to' reside.'Mr. and " Mra. 1ycon' during their stay in th.s district were never conspicuously identified wit 'aany pnblie or social inati tutions, oit in: an unostentatious and' un. as-umig' manner they invariably ~'gave' liberally to'almost every deierving; object, were.responsiible for iintlh'god work which the general public never knew and will never know of. In all circles in which they. associated'they were highly esteenied, and by the Yea cricket clubn of whichithey were enthusiastic supporters; and of' which Mr. Tyson was' a'valued player,' they' will be greatly missed. In going to Pevnesey they settle amid their old associations and sur roundings of the plains, t?wards which Mr: Tyson wias :alwiay fondly dispos?d, a'id which we'trust'ivill be congenial to health,` .,hapineaº.nadrloea. li?.?-?.,., d v ·.-tuu, . "CansrMzAa-rr;" which has .spread its cii noblingiinfluen'e through the world, is making rapid strides amongst tthe natives in many lands, and particularly so in the far east where the Bible has been translated into many tongues and dialects.' The British and Foreign 'Bible Society, which has sprung from-a very humble source, now has its workers on ial the lands' of "the habitable globe, and they are' often called npn to faees danger and death in the pur suance of. their noble work. -On Friday evening the Shire Hall was fairly filled with residents who had come to hear an 'address from Mr. Arthur Nichols on the work of the socbety. Rev. D. Milne, the chairman 'of the'smdeting, spoke at length on the work of missionaries in foreign fields, and" iimongst other matter he quoted some of the experi. eaces: in' China'of a nephew of oui 'well known townsman, Mr. J. C. Sanders. :.The lecturer, Mr. A. Nichols, then addressed the audience. .He said that the Bible was now translated into no less than 365 different languages and referred to the great difficulty experienced in the translation ofthe sacred book, a work which engaged the'attention" of a large number of.men. The most eminent men in the fields of literature and statesmanship had given' their' testimony 'and:full belief in the truths contained in the Bible. He quoted the last words.of England's foremost statesman, the late Mr. W. E. Gladstone, shewing the belief of that great man in the words of holy writ. The lecturer also referred to the fact that the works of Shakespeare right throdgh denoted a firm belief is 'the Scriptures and he .also. repeated a verse of that beautiful poem of ;Tennyson's "Crossing the Bar", which -bore the stamp of thepoet's sincere belief in the blessings of Christianity. A number of lantern slides were then shewn, but owing to the inability of the lecturer to obtain a 'more powerfoul light they Were exhibited at a great disadvantage. 'Amongst the more notable views were the following:-Tihe C.Gate of Lucknow, The Vatican at Rome, Venice, Boulevard de Madeline at Paris, The Kremlin, Views in Siberia, Aden, The Suez Canal, Views in China and in Japan. A collection was taken up in aid of the funds of the society which amounted to £1 5s. I1d. 