The Romanising of the Church of England. By the Rev. F. C. Boyer. II. — The Society of the Holy Cross. We now come to a new era in the history of the modern High Church movement. After about twenty years of such work as was described in our former paper, the Romanizers of the Church of England began to band together more closely in secret societies, the more effectively to carry out their objects. Of these secret societies there are several. One of the most dangerous of them is called, ' The bociety of the Holy Cross.' This was founded on February 28th, 1855. It began with but six members (of whom three have since joined the Church of Kome\ but quickly grew to large dimensions, and has wielded very great influence. So intensely secret is the Society of the Holy Cross that for the first twelve years of its existence caution was en joined on the brethren in the mere matter of mentioning it. The Master of the Society in addressing its ' Synod' in the year 1876 asserted that the Society started with its secrecy, and that during the first eight years of its life its statutes and rules existed only in manu script ; he added that ' The bond of union between the Brethren was to be as strict as possible. None but them selves were to know their names, or of the existence of the society.' In the previous year the Master cau tioned the members against the use of post cards on society business, and urged upon them ' To take the -greatest possible icare, either to destroy, or to keep in some safe place, the old rolls, and other printed matter, such as Acta, Agenda, and notice papers.' Moreover, it is expressly provided in the statues that when a Brother resigns membership he shall ' Return to the Master his cross, and the books of statutes and offices.' The cross referred to is of a peculiar pattern, made expressly for the society. The membership of the Society of the Holy Cross consists of . bishops, priests, deacons,, and candidates for holy orders. Its constitution provides for the 'affiliation' of guilds of lay men, but up to within the last two years it appears that no action has been taken in this direction, The. objects of the society are stated in the statutes to be 'To maintain and extend the Catholic faith and discipline, and to form a special bond of union between Catholic priests.' There are two classes of members, vix., ' Brethren ' and ' Probationers.' Both are required to wear openly the \ Society's Cross when ' practicable.' \ This, Mr. Walsh tells us, may be done ; with safety, since the outside public are \ not able to identify it. When two ] brethren meet, ' the one shall salute , the other with pax tibi (i.e., ' peace to ] thee '), to which the reply shall be per \ crucem (i.e., ' through the cross ') ' ; ; these salutations are not to take place, however, ' in the company of strangers.' When one brother writes to another he must begin his letter thus: — 'P + T. My dear Brother,' and end with ' D.N. J.C.,' or some corresponding form of subscription. ( The statutes make the following pro- \ visions : — ' Upon the death of a Brother, notice thereof I shall be given to the Secretary as soon as ] possible by any brother cognisant of it, and the Secretary shall forthwith inform the brethren. ( that they may say mass for the soul of their 1 brother.' - What could show the Romanising character of the Society more plainly i than this ? - The two principal ' synods ' of the ] Society are held each year in the Church ^ of St. Peter's, London Docks, with locked doors. It is ordered that ' ' the Brethren and probationers in Synod shall ] sit vested in cassock, surplice, and biretta, and * in chapter in cassock and biretta.' j Also that before the holding of any Synod mass shall be celebrated solemnly, ( and that ' when the Synod shall extend over two days, 1 mass shall be said for departed brethren on the 1 second day.' '- In this Society of the Holy Cross there are three progressive degrees of ] obligation, known respectively a a the ] Ordinary, the Green, the Red, and the 3 White Rule. The Ordinary Rule is 1 ' Binding upon all the Brethren and Pro- ' bationers. The other three (are) entirely 1 voluntary, but recommended for adoption, the ( White llule being restricted to Celibates.' , The Celibates thus appear to be i regarded as the very cream of the society. 1 Their names, we learn, are kept on a 1 separate list, which is known as the ! ' Celibate Roll.' The society recom- i mends that some external symbol, and i by preference a ring, be worn by ^ Brethren of the Celibate Roll. Mr. . Walsh tells us that a gentleman with ] whom he is acquainted, some years since J came into possession of one of these i rings, made of iron — others, it appears, - are made of silver and gold, — and he ] could not for some time make out its j use. On looking more closely into it \ he discovered a very tiny indentation, - but that was all. Wondering very ; much what it meant, he secured the j assistance of a powerful magnifying - glass, and then discovered within the j indentation the magic words ' S.S.C.' t It was the Celibate ring of the Society ; of the Holy Cross ! ] Each member of the Celibate Roll j takes an oath of Celibacy ' for a limited ] period or for life.' The oath is in - Latin. The following is a translation : — f ' I, N — , profess and promise to Almighty j God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and to all the saints, that I will lead a life of celibacy for ' (so many years, or the rest of his life), so help J me God.' ? ] The following rules are binding upon * all that belong to the Society of the ' Holy Cross : — ' ! 1\. ' To celebrate, or at least to hear Mass (if ' practicable) on all Sundays and other holy ] days.' i 2\. 'To say Mas3 or Communicate fasting _ since the night preceding.' - ' 3\. 'To use Sacramental Confession as the conscience requires it.' 1 All this, it is surely needless for me to , point out, is outright popery. One of the agencies extensively used , by the Society of the Holy Cross to promote its Romanising ends is the , ' issuing and circulation of tracts and j other publications.' It is hard to say , which is the more Jesuitical, the subject matter of the Society's publications or the manner in which those publications ' have been placed before their readers. ' A ' Tract Committee ' has been formed in the Society, . whose work is ' to prepare, procure, revise, adapt and publish books and tracts useful for furthering the objects of the Society.' 1 This ' Tract Committe ' has published : a considerable number of books and tracts without anything to intimate that they emanate from the Society of the Holy Cross, they simply bearing on the title page the announcement, ' Edited by a Committee of Clergy.' By this Jesuitical device, not only were the public for many years without any idea that these works proceeded from the 3.S.C., bat even some of the members i)f the Society seem to have been un iware of the identity of this ' Committee Df Clergy ' with the ' Tract Committee Df the Society of the Holy Cross.' So much for their methods of publication. We shall now see the full blown Romish sharacter of the matter of their publica tions. Under the guise of a ' Committee of Olergy' the Society issued a series of little ' Books for the Young.' No. 1 Df this series was intended for very little children, ' six and a half or seven years aid.' It teaches as follows : — 'It is the priest, and to the priest only, that i child must acknowledge his sins, if he desires that God should forgive him. Do you know ivhy 1 It is because God, when on earth, gave to the priests, and to them alone, ' the Divine powdr of forgiving men their sins.' ' I have known poor children who concealed their sins in confession for years. They were rery unhappy, were tormented with remorse, md if they had died in that state they would certainly have gone to the everlasting lires of lielll' 'Whilst the priest is pronouncing the words 3f absolution Jesus Christ pours the torrents of His grace into the soul of the penitent Chris tian. During this time the happy penitent Dught to keep himself very humble, very little, it the feet of Jesus hidden in the priest.' The above will give an idea of the kind of teaching the S.S.C. gives to little children. Of what kind we now ask is the teaching the Society brings to bear upon adults ? This question will be sufficiently answered svhen I state that it was the Society af the Holy Cross that made it self responsible for that abominable, unclean book, ' The Priest in Absolu tion.' This work was a translation with adaptations from a filthy French Roman Catholic ' Manual for Con Eessors,' by the Abbe Gaume. Notwith standing its filthiness, the ' Church Review ' affirmed that, ;t the book could be spoken of with highest muse, and our clerical leaders will find it the greatest boon.' Dn the title-page of the second part it is stated that the book is 'privately printed for the use of the clergy.' The greatest care was taken to keep it out of the hands of any except High Churefc 'priests.' Even ordinary, Church of England clergymen are not allowed to purchase it, unless they were father jonfessors, or cfould give a reference to i well-known Ritualistic priest. This ibominable production was on June L4th, 1877, exposed by the late Lord Redesdale in the House of Lords, he reading extracts from it. The Arch bishop of Canterbury (Dr. Tait) declared Dn that occasion that ' no modest person could read the book without ?egret, and that it is a disgrace to the com nunity that such a book should be published inder the authority of clergymen of the Established Church.' Notwithstanding that this was its jharacter, the Rev. A. H. Mackonochie, Df St. Albans, Holborn, who for many pears was master of the Society of the Holy Cross, published a correspondence svhich he had with another clergyman, in whtch he declared concerning ' The Priest in Absolution' that 'its prin siples are those which govern, I believe, ill confessors among ourselves.' After perusing the above extracts, first from the book for little children, and then for the manual for father con Eessors, the readers of this paper will be Juite prepared for Mr. Walsh's state ment that ' the confessional has always been a strong point with the Society.' The importance attached to it is further seen in the chapter of its statutes devoted to' The Spirit and Discipline ' Df the Society, which orders th$,t ' the brethren shaft devote themselves diligently to the science of the care of souls, and shall labour in bringing in young and old who are under their influence to value duly the Sacra ment of Penance.' Thus, wherever members ®f the S.S.C. Are found, they are expected to act as missionaries of the Confessional, and that not only for the old, but also for the young. Of the vigorous work of its members in this direction, the writer of these papers has personally seen not a little, and could, did space permit, unfold a tale. Early in 1873 a petition was presented to Convocation signed by 483 Ritualistic priests asking for licensed confessors in the Church of England. This daring petition naturally created a great sensa tion. But although everybody was talking about it, not one of the public knew who its real organisers were. The real wire-pullers preferred to remain in the dark, and they were the authorities of the Sacred Cross. The petition asked for many things besides licensed con fessors. It asked for a revision of the Book of Common Prayer, not in what they termed ' un Catholic direction,' but on Romish lines, adding to it the Ritualistic doctrine of the Real presence, the adoration of the Host, and the sac rifice of the Mass. To such an extent is Ritualism now in the ascendant in the Church of England, that the only revision that is ventured to be agitated for is in the direction of Rome. It is of interest to us in these colonies to note that at the May Synod, 1874, of the Society of the Sacred Cross, Bro. N. Dawes, who had become a ' probationer ' in 1872, was promoted to the. ranks in the Society of the ' Brethren.' That Bro. N. Davies is the present Bishop of Rockhampton, Queenland. Would that he were the only Bishop of the Church of England who is a member of the Society of the Sacred Cross. While the energy of the Society is to-day as grest as ever, its secrecy is greater than at any earlier period. Our next paper will expose another of the High Church secret societies, ' The Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament.' 