A Sad, Sad Story. The last biscuit had been eaten, the last cup of tea had been poured out and the three sisters at the table sat in the silence which often followed the end of a meal, each busy with her own thoughts. What the thoughts of two of them were, are still unrevealed, but the third — Sister Mabel — crystallized hers into speech, and we heard a story which filled our hearts if not bur eyes with tears. 'You remember,' she said, ' that woman who was in the enquiry room after the service the other evening and who cried so bitterly? Well, I visited her to-day and learned the secret of her tears.' Twelve years ago it seems, this woman's husband died, leaving her with three girls and two boys. In the course of a few years, two of the girls died, but the third grew up to be a fine, strong girl, nineteen years of age. She was her mother's companion and right hand, and was watched with jealous care, when a young man, a near neighbour, came courting her. ' Ellen,' said her mother, 'J ? has ruined one girl already, beware of him.' And to J ? himself, Mrs. S ? spoke some plain words of warning and pleading. Time passed, and the mother's suspicions were aroused. Ellen was questioned, but denied the suggestion of wrong doing. Believing in her girl's truth and innocence, the mother waited a few weeks, and then confirmed in her suspicions, and, nearly crazy with sorrow, she confronted the young man, and threatening to shoot him, she wrung from him a confession of their guilt and sin. Under the force of cir cumstances he promised to marry her daughter. Seeing a minister he arranged for a private marriage, at which, however, the mother insisted on being present. She reached the church half an hour before the others, and sitting waiting, memories of bygone days rushed in upon her. The inter vening years slipped away, and she saw herself a bride at the altar before her, and remembered how she had given herself as a pure young girl to the man of her choice. In imagination the next few years passed, and now she stood beside her husband, with her baby-girl Ellen in her arms, and had her christened in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Again the years fled forward, and now, arrayed in pure white, she saw Ellen kneeling at the altar and heard the bishop's solemn words at the confirmation service. But the past faded away, the present with its two sad eyes faced her again, and realizing afresh the nature of the marriage so soon to be celebrated, it' seemed to the poor widow mother as if her heart would surely break. But hearts live on m spite of pain, and when the short ceremony waa over, the. mother went to her lonely, cheerless home, and throwing herself on a chair, . gave way to her bitter grief. As she sat sobbing two young arms encircled her, and her eldest son, a boy of 17 years, said, 'Mother, I have just heard the cause of all your sorrow, and know now what has been troubling you all these weeks. But don't cry, mother, I'll try and be a better son to you and help you all I can, and you must live now for my sake and W ? 's.' ' It. was his words,' the mother said after wards, 'which kept me from utter despair. He had never seemed an affectionate lad, but this trouble had brought out all his finer qualities, and I felt I must indeed live, for his sake, and for the sake of his brother.' And so the poor widow mother took up the burden of life again, saying only ' it might have been.' Ah, dear friends, is it not true that ' the world is full of sighs, full of sad and weeping eyes?' Should we not try therefore to ' help our fallen brother rise, while the days are going by ?' This true story illustrates anew what we have been trying to impress upon our readers, that in our very midst are men, such as the above-mentioned, who, even from the sanctity of a widow's quiet home, would lead astray a young girl, and bring sorrow and disgrace upon a hard-working, respectable, church j going family. Sister Florence. , 