T7r:I55iiis7?; 1 The Christmas number of tho . Weejt. illus trated, will be reddy on1 December 15. . Agents and otliers .pleaaa order/ early. ' Tho best weekly -psperjih Queensland.':. Send it to your friends. Illustrated, pripo; only 3d. . i Tns: liox. J; R. Dioxson got, his just reward yesterday, when ho was defeated by Fhilp for the position of tieader of tho Oppo-. sition. 1 - Bt just reward is meant for allowing him- (self to bo led by tbo' noso by Fhilp and Co. .'oyer federation. - 1 : / '' !. | A'rrAnimiit hii did not .rbaliBpj'thnt 'thoy; :wore simply making use of hint tb spiie jBriebano. .... . ,. ,?r ! J.R.D.,has y.et to_ bo rebkoned with for the jmrtiio played overfederation. ! Federation -. . Seeing., -pjMTeiiM. :Turiibr,'Di6ksori, Bm'ddqu. uu'dj Kingston . Have novV received. the kiok- out, for all the federation bounoeand-bluster.. ; - i,- ( ; , SoBEW thay.: would not havo' worked -so Inud if they had not oxp'octed to be in the firet FederatioiiGovornment;. ' Fobii fellow they upward sadder, if hot" wiser, . t j (/' 1 Bias, the general opinion is that . tho, ljiok ,out serves thum jolly weU right. . Ghost in -Bbocade. See Christmas number of. tho IVtck, illuatrntod ; price. 3d. Order early. ' Lesixa's lapsus linguie, " Why, the biaokest scoundrol' in the country is tried hv n jury of his peers." : : Is not this somewhat hard on juries? It may, of course, bo truo for all that, in places Known to Mr. Lcsina'. Mb. Hiao3s lament over lost illusions was pathetiu. The statement that the labour pnrty had supported their loader und had not thrown him over, sot some a-thinking about tho facts of tho case. ' Was not Mr. Ginssey deposed ? and was not Mr. Dawson enthroned on tho ruins? ; Raterb cruel to call the New South Wales Lancers who did not go to war " Yes— No " soldiors. , A wbiteb in a weekly paper states that ex- Freniier Dickson had been hanging on to the Premiership by the hair on his head. If such wus the case ho could not havo had much of ii hold, and it is small wonder that ho eamo a cropper. . Mn. Rutledoe, Q.C., in his address to the jury lit the Supreme Court yesterdny, un consciously touched tho political crisis, and caused hearty laughter in court. He ivus pointiug out how tho construction of a railway enhanced the' '-value of land, and that there wus magic iu the mero word rail way. , Then with very marked emphasis ho pro- . eeeded, " Talk of , railways, why railways have made. and broken Governments over aud over again:" The Police Commission's report is a very well prepured document, nnd shows thut tho commissioners' have done their work us well and iis conscientiously as they were iu a posi tion to do. ' Sone people will consider they should liavo dealt more severely with certain senior officers though, and that their recommendations of reform should have, been inoro drastic, , It is. to. -bei hoped that tho Government — , when wo liavo one in reality — will fully con sider their recommendations, and will properly deal witli the men wiio havo made the'mis- chief and prevented the efficient working of the force by overbearing harshness or cunning intrigue, : "The Mistletoe Lady." Iu Christmas number of tho JFie/:,. illustrated : price 3d. The destruction of tho premises of Messrs. Lippineott's ,in' America is a loss to the Anglo-Saxon world. , . the'fariio. of this publishing firm is world wide, and the fact of its . undertaking the work. of printing tlio " Encyeloptehii Britiin- nicn " shows ths degree of perfection whieh tho tinn had reached. , , , . ' The Transvaal Agency in Brussels gives tho following list of tho Boer .forces iu the field: Bonn resulnrs, 35,000; artillery, 1,250: police, 1.750 : Free State force, including Uitlunders, 35,000 ; Natal Boers, - 3,000 ; Boers from Bechuanahind and Rhodesia, s.oob. Then thoro is the Foreign Legion, com posed of . 4,000 Germans, ij.UOfl Dutch, 2,000 Irish, . l,0i)0: Sai'iiiditiu viquriH, 000 Americans, 600 French, Swiss, and Italians, and 209 Jews doing police work. This gives a total of about 190,000 men. Perhaps these numbers are exaggerated, capccially with regard, to the Foreign Legion. ' Bur at tho sumo time the fitct' that the Boers have appeared in strong force at so many widely distant places shows that tiie burghers possess considerably greater numbers of men than was at first estimated. A coincidence— -the storming of tho hills ut Glcticoe took phtco on the same date, October 20, just two years ago, that the heigbts-of Dargni were stormed by the Gordon High landers. Mb. .Chaudeblain is getting "cocky," and wunts to fighteverybody. \- It seems as if ho would like to try a fight with Franco because tho newspapers there arc attacking the Queen. He must be developing a thirst for blood. Lies the inancuting tiger, having hud a taste, ha must have more. Sosce peculiar language was used in Parlia ment yesterdny. 1 Mr. M'Donald made some strong charges against tho - late Govermnont, and it is re ported thut somo " fishy " doings will yot coino to light. The short-lived Government is said to have a valuable trump- card up its sleeve. Indeed many members of thnt party say that the hidden card is the joker. It is to be played in ii very short time. It nay bo effectual, but one can never tell. Tlio tactics are very mysterious. The Christmas number of tho Week, illus trated,. willbe ready ou Decomber 15. Agents and others please order early. The best weekly paper iu Queensland. "Send it to your friends. Illustrated, prioe only 3d. 