Concert. The concert in aid of the Dungog Football Club took place in the Cen tennial Hall on Saturday night, in the presence of a fair audience. The first part consisted of a Minstrel circle, in which 9 performers took part. uar w . wooes accea as inter locutor and stage manager, and he must be complimented for tbe effec tive way in which he placed hiB voca lists before the public. The opening chorus, which, was nicely arranged, gave tho corner men an opportunity to distinguish themselves, the different changes being taken up with prompti tude and decision. Ballads were rendered in good style by Messrs R. Tate (' Hideaway ') ; J. Cotterell ('Your 'turn next'); W. Boots I' Old Rustic Bridge ') ; and Miss F. Gibson ('There'll come a time'). The fun was well kept up at tbe cor ners by Messrs R. Tate and F. Rub ra!. the former creatine no end nf fund by his contortions of visage and witty sallies ; while the latter, who, although having little or no time to prepare himself previously at a few practices, acquitted himBelf credit ably. The first part of the programme concluded with a ghost scene, the principals being the cornermen, and the curtain fell amid roars of laughter. Mr H. 0. Dark (Mayor), presided during the seoond part. The first number ' Young Brigade ' was given by Mr Cotterell (Newcastle), and his powerful voice was heard to advan tage in a song so suitable. The item was splendidly received. Next came 'Soldiers of the Queen, ' by Mr D. Stewart (Newcastle), which we were sorry to see met with scant courtesy from the rather too evident rowdies in the audience. Mr Green, as usual, made a decided hit with one of his in imitable comics, and bad to repeat. Mibb Hill's recitation was a delightful contribution, and was loudly ap plauded. The song and dance ' Ala bama shore, ' by Messrs Tate and Russell, was capitally performed, and they had to respond to an encore. Mr Cotterell next sang the ' Village Blacksmith ' jn a manner which won for him the hearty plaudits of the audience. Mr R. Tate brought down the house with his comic rendition of ' I'm the father of a little black coon, ' and had to sqbmit to an im perative recall. Mr A. Robinson's step dance completed the programme, with the exception of the farce, which followed after a short interval. The Mayor then returned thanks on be half of the club to tbe performers, making special mention of the New castle friends, and also to the audience for their patronage. The farce ' Humouring,' which was gone through in a praiseworthy manner, concluded the entertainment, the characters being sustained by the fol lowing : — Mr W. Boots (manager) ; Mr Joe Coote (King Rlohard) j Mr F. Russell (Peter Jackson) ; Miss F. Gibson (Madam Melba) ; and Mr R. Tate (Johnsiag, the servant). The comicalities of the latter performer tickled the risible faculties of the audience in no small degroe. On the whole tbe entertainment was a suc cess, and the club will be benefited yyith a substantial amount. An orator be claimed to bo, A thin and reedy voice had he, When on the platform he appeared, Aud started coughing people jeered ; Then some called out, ' He's getting ? old,' With luaty voica said he, 'Your sold,' Ho'd taken something strong and pure, Wm. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Sir T. Lipton's yacht Shamrock, which is to race Eor the America Cup, again easily defeated the Britannia in a light breeze. The railway strilco in New York is spreading, and unny fights between the police and the strikers have oc curred. Admiral Dewey, Bpeaking at Tries te, laughed at the - Peace Conference now Bitting at Tho Hague. : 