SUNDAY READING-, JOHN THL BAPTIST, By John Watson, M.A., D.D, ("Ian Maelaren" of Sefton Park, Liver nool.) Among tliem that are born of women there i.ath not risen a greater than John the Baptise. —Matt, xi.,11. « ; ^ Two men stand in tlie background of Jesus' life whose histories are woven like a net of golden threads through the story of the Gospel, and whose characters touch the extremes of moral contrast. One was Jesus' forerunner, who only saw the Lord once, when he acknowledged Him as the Messiah, and the other was Jesus' king, who only saw his subject once, when he took the opporutnity of insulting Him. When Jesus was-at work.in Galilee, Herod and John the Baptist were in Herod's cas tle. One of them'was in the banquet-hall in luxury and wantonness, and the other was in his dungeon below in affliction and. in irons. Bothof these men bethought them selves of Christ, one of them shortly before, when he . sent the message to Jesus and asked if he was the Messiah, and the other shortly after, when Herod was 'afraid- that Jesus was John arisen from the dead. To each man Jesus sent word.' TorJohn he Sent, "Blessed is he whosoever shall not be offended in Me,"'and to Herod he sent, "Woe unto- thee." i _ / For John's mission very peculiar quali ties were required; not because the mission was dangerous (though'it'was), but be cause -it was so humble. In the way John fulfils his remarkable mission, one catches sight of an almost unique, if not an entirely unique nobility of character. It is easy' enough, as you know, to obtain men of ani mal courage, who will take great risks and rejoice to be in fhe forefront of the bat tle; who will not be afraid to lay -down their lives, and who will have a man's joy in ' danger—aggressive, masterful, deter mined, full-blooded men! They ! can be found any day upon the street> and- they dan be found in any place by hundreds, in ' any society which is not absolutely deca dent and rotten. It is far more-difficult "to get men who are willing to forget them selves, and to do obscure work; to be the pioneers of great causes, and to sink them selves, their lives, and their"reputations, in their cause. l.- • JOHN'S CHARACTER AND COMMISSION. Such a character means utter self regardlessness and a mind cleansed from vain ambitions; an elevation above this present world and a pure vision of noble ideals. Such was the character of John. And they are the men that, are a rebuke to you and me, and a stimulant. Between John and the apostles of Jesus there was an enormous difference. . The apostles went everywhere with the mes sage of a triumphant cause, of a Christ who had died and risen again,, and- wher ever they went throughout the cities of ■the Eoman Empire sighs and wonders followed them. .Of course, they had to suffer, but then no man cares anything about suffering—pure suffering. It is the lot of the soldier, and if an apostle had to die, why he diedj with the sound of vic tory in his ears, and the last thing he saw was the cross for which he had fallen moving triumphantly forward as he died. John had to preach of a Christ no person had seen, of a kingdom of God that had not yet come. He had to do his work in the desert, in the company of . the wild beasts, •with no visible results. No Christ, mark you; no Christ kept vjgil with him. John's humiliations had not the partnership of Christ. John was alone; and even when John died, he died just in the grey dawn, and died never having had a hand in the battle that was to;be. That was the hard ship of John's condition. John kept himself very' rigidly within his commission, and never once allowed: himself to .be intoxicated by popular "ap plause, ■ ■■which" is the danger of all pro fessional men and. of all artists—the danger of every , man who figures in the eyes of the public. Is there any object under heaven so. sad as the decacjeqee of,a prophet^whenktt-mah "who-has •admission to perform becomes intoxicated- with his, own message. When a man who lias to prepare a way to the '-kingdom, of God comes at last to think himself greater than the kingdom, when the bearer of a great and immortal truth thinks himself greater than, the truth he bears? The corruption of the best is the worst, and when, a pro phet goes astray it is the greatest catas trophe in ethics and in religion. John maintained an even mind. When, asked who he was, he did not require to say that he was the Messiah. There are ,a hundred ways in which. a man may politely turn aside a compliment but accept it all the same. -He might have allowed them to think, though he dis claimed it, that after all he -was the' Messiah. But what did he say to those who asked him that, question? I the Messiah? Never! Foolish to suppose that . I am the Messir'v Elias? No, not Elias! (He was!) A prophet? Not a prophet, not a prophet at all! He did not i have to say that lie' was a prophet. "By ahd-bye men would see whether he was a prophet or not. "What are you then, what are you?" "I will tell you. This is what I .want to be—a voice that sounds across the desert air and behind that, a man unknown. A name to be disregarded, to be forgotten."- That is John. | When Jesus came it was a moment. of great joy to John.; It was also" a'moment of great sorrow, for the coming of Jesus (meaht the close of John's work. He could still approach .the Messiah, and lie icould still send disciples to the Messiah, jBut. his -disciples belonged to the. Messiah inow, and his message .was completed. The very earnestness of his life had made him unfit to be one of Jesus' apostles. For ■Jesus could not take an.ascetic from the ' desert, who had separated himself^ from men, and make him the apostle of this hew Gospel of the cross."" When' Jesus came, iJchh's work was done,- and this was a Tremendous trial to the man. ■ ;• ; THE GREATEST TRIAL. ' • lYou are young now, and I pray you may ;have a great'work to do. . But the day will jcpihe. when, you grow old, and the younger man has to do tlie work, and- then will . come the trial. For a man to be able and • to have an opportunity to do the work is ; happiness. But oh, to. lay it aside and to give it to another man! We may be thankful" if that time does not last long. John would not have wished to have lived after his work was done and his message had been delivered. A man with no mes sage, nothing left hiih, and no' share in the big work. His work was done. And when a mail's work is done, let him die. The man (John-) would have chosen death. His death crowned and completed and en tirely satisfied and glorified his life. I have not exhausted the nobility- of John, for I have not exhausted his temp tations. Isn't it a desperate thing, when you and I are fighting a spiritual battle and have enough to do with the enemies in our own soul, that people will rush in from the outside, not to help the better self in a man, but to help the worst self? People looked on and saw Jesus and John. They saw Jesus succeeding and saw John silent. Now came the -chance for the Pharisees. They, hated John because John had told the truth. They suspected Jesus ' because. Jesus had not yet lent Himself to I the traditions of the period. Now was the .opportunity. Is there anything more agreeable to a certain land of man than to make trouble, and to kindle a flame especi ally between'two good men and between two friends, and then when the fire is burning the mean wretch warms his hands at it? Now is the Chance, they said, and we will go to John. "John," they said, "what about Jesus now? Thou didst say He was the Messiah. Thou didst tell people to honor Him. They are honoring Him. Unless you. are mistaken, your own disciples are leaving you and going to Jesus. What about Jesus now?" Have you ever—this in a parenthesis—liave you ever seen good in a man when other people have not seen it? Have you ever prophesied that that man is going to succeed, and to take a high place, and have you seen him take a higher place than you, while you fell into the shadow. And then did you feel exactly toward the man as before? That is a severe test of character. ; You praised him before, .when you found reason; now when he is higher than you, are you" still praising him? JOHN'S ANSWER. They didn't understand John. They measured John by their own petty miser the pharaisaical souls, full of envy, bitter ness and jealousy. And John turned to them. "Now," he said, "I will prove my case out of your own mouths. Did.I not say He was greater? Am I not right, and is not He greater than I ever imagined? I tell you he is-the bridegroom." O pa thetic, image! Here is a man who denied himself the chief good of life, of - earthly life, which is a pure woman's love. He de nied himself that. For him there was no woman's love, no children, no home.' Do you think he didn't feel that? Why did he speak about. the bridegroom? "He is the bridegroom," he said, "and I, ., what am I? I am the bride groom's man, finding all joy in His foot steps. Does He increase? That is aright, let Him be greater every day. Do I decrease? That is right, let me be forr. gotten—the bridegroom's friend." How; can you 'tempt a man like that. ?. The highest arrow of.'fiery temptation you fly falls low beneath. the- feet- of such .an.;, heroic and magnanimous spirit. That : is John. But he died. He. had a work to do, and he did.it. ■ He had to,.tell Herod: a sin and he did it. Of all the . • con-' 'temptible 'wretches in Holy Scripture, and I do not even except Judas Jscariot (the character of Judas is quite a problem at times), Herod Antipas stands alone in the New Testament. ., He. .was;the,.;son; of.,a. greait and bad mfcn. ■ For himself be -kept his father's vices and had none ..of his father's, ability. He offered the last insult to the Arabian princess, 'his -wife, and car ried on a disgraceful intrigue in his parents* house. He beheaded John the Baptist be cause be was afraid of John; be , was, afraid of. people, of ghosts; afraid of every thing hut sin and God. He was a little, petty, miserable Nero; a bundle of mean vices. John had finished his work with Jesus, hut-while confined he lifted up his voice against Herod Antipas. Then, of course, what happened was inevitable. You can not terrify John, and Herod could not answer John, and, therefore, ..he put, him into; prison and sentenced.:him .to death.. If a man tells the. truth, the man who is condemned by that truth wants, if pos sible, to put him to death. A CAGED EAGLE. -So John landed in prison. i. His is a strong . nature and a wealthbpf moral power, difficult, perhaps,! to" appreciate. But I daresay that here, in this University, with your distinguished and splendidly distinguished athletic training, you will be able to enter into the spirit of John. John was virtually a Bedouin of the deserts, a man who did not live in houses, hut in the open-air—a man whose whole body was in a high state of physical training. You take that man out of the open-air and put him in a dungeon.- He has lost now all this'fresh air; the sight of the water running aver the ford of Jordan~-he has lost the sound of the birds at the. side of the banks; the sight of the rising and set ting sun; his lungs lose their power; the confinement acts upon the soul. He is utterly miserable, restless; and then his soul gets into trouble, and T don't wonder at it. ■' ' ' ' As he sits in the dungeon, without fresh air and without exercise, as he sits there a' caged eagle—and a tragical, miserable, piti able thing is a eaged eagle—he begins to ask questions. Here am. I, and I don't re gret that I am here, for I told the truth' and I don't mind if I am here, if the kingdom of God is succeeding! And I don't care if I; must suffer. But what about Christ? I bear that He is in Gali lee, and that He is not suffering. He is eating and drinking with, publicans and sinners. He is associating with Pharisees and rulers. John didn't mind if he put his body down on the road -to make a smooth place for the chariot of God to go over; but why should he be in a dungeon and Jesus he living at ease in Galilee? If Jesus raised the standard John would fol low Him and' die with Him.) Why was Jesus living as He was living, and why was he in the dungeon? > I offer no apology, as.some people do from the pulpit sometimes—and I think I have read these . apologies in hooks—for this, as you may call- it, lapse of faith in John. . What if lie did lose faith? Elijah himself lost faith once, and Jesus was once crying, "My God, My .God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?" He was only right to be cast down. For if a _man is not east down when' he sees iniquity, on a throne and righteousness in a dungeon; if he is not cast down when the world is gain ing and the kingdom of God is losing; and if, under .these circumstances,' lie doesn't ask, "Where is God?" then I don't think he cares much about righteousness and the things of God. It was because John didn't care two straws about himself, but did care about the kingdom, that he was concerned. He said td Jesus, "blaster, have I made a mistake? I believe that Thou art the Messiah. If Thou art the Messiah, tell me, and I am satisfied. But don't leave me in doubt in this dungeon, at the close of my life, when I have given everything I have to the kingdom, of God." When Jesus sent the message to John he paid a notable tribute to John. If Jesus had been sending a message to some of us ordinary men it would not have been couched in the' same terms. He would have said, "My servant,'do not he cast down, because thou arc in a dungeon; for > thy time is short. Do not lose hope, for thou shalt soon have thy-reward, and in the meantime thou hast My sympathy." That is the way an ordinary man is . cheered up. . : We can't stand dungeons long. We cannot help feeling sorry about ourselves when we do not succeed. . Ordinary people feel like that? But Jesus did not send, a message like that to John. What did John care about dungeons? He didn t care about anything except the king dom of God. Jesus said, "I answer your heart. I don't mind your fetters. I answer ^your heart. I send you back upon Isaiah, your favorite prophet ana mine." Jesus said, ."Tell John what you have seen. Tell him you have seen sick men made whole; you have seen bad men made good; the beginning, of a new state that will be far greater than the Roman Empire,, a state that will stand in the strength of love .and righteousness. Tell him that. What more? Nothing more; that s^ enough for John; I know my servant. There will be no more dungeons, no more complaints when you carry back my message. THE MASTER'S, EULOGY. And as He sent them away carrying this message, He paid a high tribute to the nobility of John's character. It seems as though Jesus, could not contain _him self. I do not want you to think I am exaggerating. He could not contain Him self when He thought of that man. lou know our Lord never allowed himself to fall or rise, however you may call it, into rhetoric; always speaking simply and plainly, and very seldom using rhetorical meanings to excite attention or passion. But on. two occasions He did so, and it seems!to me deliberately; once in His ter rible invective against the -Pharisees—; "Woe unto you scribes andr Pharisees' — and the other time when he delivered the eulogy of John. The first was the passion of detestation. The second, the passion of admiration. _ _ ' . There is great heart in his eulogium, for Jesus deliberately set himself to work the people up into a white heat over John the Baptist. He looked at the people. Thejr used to go a long distance -to hear John. He was the ideal of their hearts. He looked at them arid he said, "Whom did ye go out to see?" And there was a silence over all the people. "Did ye go out to see a reed, like one of the reeds on the banks of the Jordan, shaken by every little puff of popular applause; _ beaten down by every storm of popular disappro bation?" Then He paused. There are questions, that need no answer. There are questions that come back with a rebound , of answer from the heart. John a reed! i John was *a mighty water, like the flood of Jordan that washed the reeds away. John was a mighty wind, before which even Scribes and • Pharisees bent. All the people lifted up their heads, and every man straightened himself, and every man looked at his neighbor, and all seemed to say inside of their hearts, "Amen! That'is John!" And then as I take it there is a pause. And Jesus begins again. 'Whom did ye go out to see? A man in soft clothes, like one of Herod's perfumed courtiers, who lie on ivory couches and wear the purple and eat fine banquets, and live luxuri ously?". A pause again. Then the people saw John rise before them, witn his rough garb; eating his loathsome locust food, lying on his earthen bed, with his thin, worn face, the very type of self-abnegation. Why, I think you know there were tears iti the hearts of all the people.. They thought of this man, who bad literally lifted them in his arms and carried them to the very gates of the kingdom of God by the sacrifice of everything that was dear to him. A man in soft clothing? Then the real John stood up, and the people said . to themselves, "Amen! ...that is John! That is John!" 'Jesus was not yet ..done. He began again. He wanted them to feel all He had to say; but the people, as I read the story, could not stand it longer. This was unendurable. He had so inflamed the hearts of the people that they could not keep quiet, and a man shouted out, "Whom did we go to see?' A prophet! a prophet!" And from a different place came the cry of "A prophet, a prophet," and from another place, "A prophet,' a prophet," and from still another, "A prophet," and from all through the throng, the one word rang. The greatest name you could give a man, in comparison with which the name of priest cannot be mentioned, nor the ! name of king, nor even the name of states man. The greatest name—Moses, Elijah, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Amos, Hosea, all pro phets. Then Jesus looked at the people, He was almost' satisfied, but"' not • quite. "A prophet? You are' right." Brit greater than any prophet. The prophet saw Me afar off, but this man ran before My face. The prophets suffered for Me; but - this man laid himself down' that' My chariot might roll over'his body."' There will be people who shall know more than John—they will have, supe riority of knowledge, but, said Jesus, a man wall not be born' who will be greater than John in character, and superiority of character is the crown of life;' 'Do you take in the worthiness of that judgment? Do you nnderstand what- that . means? There is Herod, a king, a powerful man! The oppressing splendor ■ of his palace stretched its" long shadow across Galilee. Do you see it? Are you1 envious?" Do you envy to-day any modern Herod in his splendor and wealth and power? There is John without a home, %vithout a friend, in a dungeon, about to die at the bidding of a' wanton, and to be buried out of sight.- You see him? A mart who devoted himself to the greatest things of God, putting self aside, content' to' do God's bidding. Which would you rather be? What would any man of Galilee have said if you had asked him? What would you have said? Would you rather stand in Herod's shoes, or in the shoes of Johr the Baptists? Who has succeeded, John the Baptist or Herod Antipas? What would you have said? Would you rather have been upstairs with Herod in the banquet hall or downstairs with John in. the dun geon? There is only one judgment upon that. We can make no mistake about the past, for the judgment has been given by the Judge of the whole world. ,: "Who suc ceeded? Why, the Son of God rose off His throne that day, because He could not sit in quietness—He rose from His throne in an absolute enthusiasm of delight and approbation and pronounced judgment up on John the Baptist. When Jesus said the greatest among men, the light of Heaven tilled that dungeon, though John did not see it, and the walls, of' the dungeon passed away, and over his modest, un conscious, self-regardless life; the angels Df Almighty God stood—I do not say in admiration of him, but'I -ivill say inVMly, and beautiful approbation. ' ' 