WLXT 10YE AID WEALTH. BY ELLEN WILLIAMS. CHAPTER I ?; Martin Tremayn©j iKead of the great firm of Tremayne and Co., sat in the private room of his City- office transact ing business. The massive office furniture, the thick .Turkey carpet, the sea-coal fire burning in the polished grate, were all sugges tive of wealth, stability, things per manent and lasting. And in the large outer office, where rows of clerks wielded their pens, people constantly came and went in an unceasing stream, well dress ed men all of them, with that brisk, business stamp upon them inseparable from the City, and a tall hat. . The managing clerk interviewed the majority of those who had, or who sought to have dealings with Tremayne and Co. Only principals, as a rule, were admitted to the sanctum of the head of the firm. ' ? . A man of forty-five, or thereabouts, tall, well-knit, erect, with dark hair, a pointed dark beard, regular features, somewhat hard in their expression, and 'steel-blue eyes, the iris made lighter than the pupil — such a man was Martin Tremayne. The bright, penetrating eyes, taken in conjunction with the dark hair and beard, rendered his facea once seen, a difficult one to forget. 'The firm' occupied for Martin Tre mayne the place of wife or child. He had never married, never 'sought to avail himself of social pleasures or domestic Happiness. A cold, reserved, self-contained man just, but hard as iron in his dealings- — a man who had devoted his best years to building up a colossal business, with' branches in almost every known coun try. He had never affected 'society'' to any extent. A pronounced dislike for feminine so ciety was among Martin. Tremayne's most pronounced characteristics. As much as possible he shunned any un necessary intercourse, with. women in private life. : . -''Yet, from a business standpoint, he admitted their usefulness; .he' availed himself of their talents. Until recently he had employed a girl-typist and short ?handwriter. She had left to get mar ried, and Woodbridge, Martin Tre mayne's managing-clerk, had advertised for someone to fill the vacant place. ? 'Select a few of the most promising applicants, and I will see them and make my choice, Woodbridge,' the head of the firm had instructed. His time was far too valuable to be' wasted on unsuit ? abld damsels who would probably turn up in large numbers in response to the advertisement. . Alas for the numerical strength of , young women seeking employment in these days of strain, stress,, and fierce competition ! no less than sixty appli cants appeared — each anxious, and more or less qualified, to fulfil the duties re quired of her. Woodbridge, a little, partially-bald man, with a walnut-shell facd and a chronic bad temper, but a splendid clerk, weeded the girls out by degrees, ascertaining their qualifications, till he had selected five worthy, in his opinion, of Martin Tremayne's consideration and the further ordeal in the private room. 'I've just twenty minutes to spare,' said Mr. Tremayne, glancing at his watch. 'I'll see these young persons one at a time, Woodbridge, please.' t Woodbridge ushered in the first of the 'young persons,' and closed the door behind her. Glancing up from the papers strewn ; before .him, Martin Tremayne started in voiuntarily. He had sustained a shock. He bit his lips beneath the thick mous tache to stifle an ejaculation. And yet the girl on the other side of the Ame rican desk was by. no means of formid able aspect. .. Slim and graceful, with dark-blue eyes, beneath which lurked soft shadows, de licately arched brows, a . clear, creamy skin, and coils of warm, golden-brown hair, 'appearances were certainly in her. favor. ? She wore a well-cut coat and skirt of grey cloth, / and a little fur trimmed toque. A bunch of Parma violets were fastened in her coat. The scent 'of those flowers was for ever after associated with the girl in Martin Tre mayne's' mind. . ??'??'.?'?':???: ???'???' Regaining his self-control, lost for a second, he rose and placed a chair for her, an unusual attention on his part. The bow and word of thanks with which she accepted it, her tone generally, was that of a. lady rather than a 'young per son.' 'You are hero in reference to my ad vertisement for a typist and shorthand writer, I believe?' said Martin Tre mayne, resuming his seat, one hand playing idly with a paper weight, his concentrated gaze fastened on the girl's face. ^ 'Yes ; I have occupied a similar posi tion before in a publisher's office, for nearly a year.' She spoke with a slight Irish accent, which emphasised the charm of her fresh, musical voice. 'And your qualifications for the post, Miss ? ' 'Hurst— Norah Hurst. That is my name. I can type* quickly and accu rately, and, as a stenographer, my speed is about one hundred and twenty words a minute.' 'Ah!' Martin Tremayno had heard nothing beyond her name, and that he had di vined instinctively ere she uttered it. The office interior faded from his vision. He was twenty-five again; young, handsome, - ardent, passionately in love with, the beautiful Irish girl by whose side he was riding through the picturesque Gap of Dunloe on a shaggy pony.. . .'? : : . ?..' ?'??''??;?? ' And this girl spoke to him with her voice, looked at him through her eyes, - the eyes of sweet Marian Foster, of whom she was the living,! breathing image. In her youth and beauty Marian, the only woman he had ever loved, had come back to him, like a ghost from the vanished past; reincarnate in her daughter. Martin Tremayne's pulses throbbed as they had not done for many years be neath his calm, business exterior. Some long-dormant; emotion awoke; thrust it self through the hard crust of cynical in ference to all human ties, human af fections, which' he had cultivated till it became second nature. 'And do you think I'll suit? I am willing to come for a month on trial.' ' .'I beg your pardon?' awaking from his '?brief reverie. 'Suppose we put your abilities . to a practical test, Miss Hurst?' . He dictated a letter to her, which she took down in shorthand, and then repro duced on the typewriter in satisfactory fashion.. 'Yes, I think that will do,', he re marked, half-absently. . 'You seem quick and capable. You— tr — may con sider yourself engaged, subject, of course, to the question of references.' 'And the salary offered?' A little smile lingered round her lips at his omis sion to allude to this important detail. He mentioned it, vexed at his own re missness. When had he ever been in such an unpractical mood before ? 'It is more than. I had expected to re ceive,' she replied, with unbusiness-Iike candour. 'Mr. Dash, the publisher, my previous employer, paid me much less. But then, I knew he couldn't afford to give me a better salary. - His business was declining. I stayed with him till he gave it up. He will supply you with ithe necessary reference.' Martin Tremayne made a note of the unsuccessful publisher's present address. 'Can you commence your duties here to-morrow, Miss Hurst?' he asked. 'Oh, yes.' Her mobile face lighted up. 'I am glad to have obtained the post. I have applied for ao many since leaving poor old Mr. Dash, and to no purpose. It- is disheartening work— seeking employment in London. When I started out this morning I didn't tell my father I was coming here in response to your advertisement, Mr. Tremayne. I thought it would' only result in another disappointment. And you have engag ed me.' Her naive manner was ttaconsciously that of an equal rather than that of an employee. It reminded Martin Tre mayne of her mother's glad, lightheart ed, impulsive bearing in days gone by. There was a graceful ease about Norah Hurst.. which enhanced her refinement and good-breeding. She was quite de void of the stiffness which detracts from the charm of so many well-bred Eng lish girls. 'Have you lived long in London?' asked Martin Tremnynu . 'Nearly three years. I acquired my knowledge of shorthand and typewrit ing, after we came here from Ireland.' 'I knew you were of Irish extraction,' said Tremayne quietly. 'Did you now? And I thought I had scarcely any of the accent left.' 'Only just enough to . betray your origin. I believe you alluded just. now to your father, Miss Hurst?' 'Tes ; I live with him and my aunt,' ' she explained, unaware what a de parture from ordinary business proce dure Martin Tremayne wag guilty of, in thus seeking to acquaint himself with her private affairs.' . 'Our income, de derived from land, is reduced to vanish ing-point. It became necessary for me to do something to augment it.' 'Precisely. Is your ? father, may T ask, Patrick Hurst, of Ballymona, Coun ty Kerry?' - ? ? 'Why, yes !' Norah half rose, in her excitement. 'Do you know him?' ?-— 'He ' and I were acquainted many years ago.' Martin Tremayne balanced a paper-knife on his finger while- speak ing. 'I also knew your mother — pre- vious to her ' marriage. . Her maiden name was Marian Foster.' 'My dear mother' — a shadow crossed Norah'sface — 'she died when I was only ten yeai's old; but I can remember her perfectly.. How strange, Mr. Tremayne, that you should be acquainted with both my parents!' Martin Tremayne, habitually reticent, might- not have volunteered' this infor mation so early in the day, but for the conviction that Patrick Hurst, on hear ing his name mentioned as that of her new employer by Norah, would at once recall their past strained relations, that brief acquaintance begun and ended one summer in Ireland. 'Has your father sold his estate?' he inquired. - 'Oh, dear no ! Only a madman would dream of buying Ballymona! It as just bog and barren moorland. Nearly all the farms on it are unlet, and the few tenants left can't, or won't, pay their rent ! The old house was literally tum bling about our ears when we left it. We were reduced to a menu of herrings and potatoes!' She smiled as she spoke, with an un dercurrent of sadness. Those eloquent Irish eyes, deeply, darkly,.. beautifully blue, suggestive , at once. ..of^teji^ and' laughter,- supplied the keynote . to 'the girl's character, with its capacity alike for joy and suffering. According to the dominant mood, Norah could be either very merry or very sad, but always in expressibly sweet and loving. So poverty, bad times, had driven Patrick Hurst froni 'his ancestral home to seek shelter in England. His child had/come .to the man, once his defeated rival, soliciting employment. .: \- , (To be Continued.) ; 