THE WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 29, 1899. ' For Ihe cause that lacks assistance, For the wrong that needs resistance, For Ihe future id the distance, A. ltd the good that we can do. THE OBSTRUCTIVE BODY. I HE Legislative Council, true to its tradi tions of blacking all progre ssive measures, and of bei'g doubly zeal or .9 in the protec tion --f wealth as a^ainsr even common humanity, the other day threw out the Wanes Attachment Bill. That Dronosal would, if ithad become Kir, have protected (he wages of n man to the extent ot twenty shillings per week : Surely a small enough amount in nil conscience for a man and his wife and, perhaps, two or three children to lire upon. How it is possible that any pen, on who issues tt garuiehee order can be so arbitrary as to take, fortnight after fortnight, every penny a man earns, passes all compre hension ; but that it is done needs no demonstration. The S elect Committee on Money Lending, that was appointed by the Imperial Parliament, touched on the question of garnishec, and in its report there was no ambiguity as to their recom mendation . That document had the fol lowing paragraph :— ''It has been held that clerks and other such persons in receipt of small salaries are not entitled to protection under the ' Wages At tachment Abolition Act, 1870. Evi dence showed that garnishee summonses may be, and ie , issued hs an instrument of oppression ap;i tinst clerks and persons in similar positions. The Committee, there fore, recommend that the protection of the Act shot ild be extended to all persons whose wage s or salary, together with any other incotae, does not exceed £'200 per annum.' Workmen in Conservative England ure not liable to have their wages garnishec d, but in Democratic Tasmania they are, and all the efforts which have been made to place the masses on the Mme footing as their brethren in the Mother Land have been thwarted by the obstinacy of a body of men who have no thought for anything but their own ease and comfort, and how beBt to avoid pay ing anything towards the upkeep of the Statu. We would not care to attempt to describe the scene of virtuous indigna tion which would be witnessed if one or two of the honorable obstructionists were treated in the fame way as are some workers. The gentlemen who are so ready to cast their own burdens off on to the toilers may have luge overdrafts at the bank. Some of them may pay, as it is colloquially cnl!«d, twenty-live shillings in the pound, but how would they feel if one of their creditors suddenly swooped down on them with a batch of garniehee orders, the debts being incurred chiefly for luxuries. But, of course, such a thing could not happen to them, as they move in that circle wliich is proof against any of the disadvHiitijres the poor man is heir to. With the toiler, in the majority of oases, his indebtedness is due to sickness or want of employment, and the money due is for the necessaries of life. But that is of small moment ; the amount is owing, and if it were possible blood would be ex tracted out of a stone. As to the use of garnisbeeH, there might be little to take exception to, but it is the abuse which lias drawn such pointed attention to the matter. They ure undoubtedly made engines of oppression, and while that can be dune neutralising steps ought to be taken . While admitting that a garnishee order has made a dishonest debtor pay after he has laughed all efforts to scorn to secure what is due to the creditor, but for one such case there will be found nineteen where a positive hardship has been incurred. The efforts which have been put forth to remedy the gross injustice have hither to failed, and so it will he until there are placed in the Legislative Council men who are not partisans, but well-wishers of the whole community. It is such actions as the one we have been alluding to which makes the cleavage between the classes and the masses so broad and en during. In new lands like Australasia the line of demarcation should be very narrow, and not forced upon the attention too much. The « xaminationit in connection with tbe Zeehao School of Mine* will commence on Friday next, December 1. Tbe following addition to tbe Tele phone Exchange is notified: — Fahey'e Tribute, South King, No. 108. Tbe annaal meeting of the Licensing Bench for the district of Keehsn is to be held on Friday next, at the Courthouse Zeehan. Mining managers and leaden of tribute parties are reminded thit we shall be glad j o receive to-morrow »t an early boor the , ?eturns of the ore sold and exported from i Zeehaa. , The village of Tilieoley. four miles 1 from Market Draytot, chums adurtioctjon i probably not shared by any other in tbe - country. It is minus not only ? church i Knd4.BbIt0h0ose.bnt at the meeting of tbe t raagistrates at Driyton, tbe village was 1 shown to possess no person qualified to r tsrve on a jury. Tbe overseer Mid there t ttereooly two men in the parish who were f learbMnjelitiblf, bntaioneof them **a 1 The first heat of the tailing races onder tbe auspices of the Strahan Sports Asso ciation for tbe silver cup presented by Messrs FerguBOn and Co., Hobsrt, wi take place this af ternoon, starting at 2.30 p.m. The weather yesterday changed to cold, biting winds, with heavy rains late in the afternoon, and which continued. Mr Wragee's forecast for to-day is:— N.W. to S.W. winds, moderate, fine, bat occa sional showers, equally ; rough aea on West Coast of Tasmania under dis turbance ' Numa.' Yet another labor man has started in tbe publichouse line, in tbe person of Mr A. Humphrey, formerly a Progressive on the London County Council, and ex secretary of the Navvies' Union. He has taken a publichouse in the East End of London. Only recently Mr Tom Mann, it will be rememberha, took a licensed bouse farther westward. Tbe oldest bride in the world lives in Kansas. Few people, indeed, will queB tion the claim to tbe distinction of Mrs James Morgan, for she was within a month of celebrating her 103rd birthday, while her husband is 71. They have both heard tbe marriage ceremony before, she having previously had three husbands, and be two wives. It is on the tapU that Mr O. M. MoAdoo who 'is so well-known throughout tbe island in connection with the famous Jubilee Bingers, will pay Zeehsn a visit shortly with his big company of genuine Georgia Minstrels and Original Alabama Cake Walkers. There are thirty real negro artists in all, and they present an entertainment altogether different from any other. .They are now at Brokan Hill, where good business is being done. From the 'Gaulois' :— Two Belgian homing pigeons occupied one dovecote for some time. One was sold a year ago to a Russian faDoier. who took it to Russia. The pigeon suffered so muoh from nos talgia that be decided to escape. Escape be did, and found bis way back to his natal dovecote, after having travelled 4,000 kilometres. It appears that that is a record for homing pigeons. But to have found again his dovecote after a year's absenoe in a record of memory and of fidelity for a pigeon. According to a message from Blsyney, New South Wales, some oonsternation hat been caused amoDgst the miners at the copper mines by the viiitation of a ghost iu one of the sbaftB. The men hear strange noises of bells ringing, sighing, groans, etc. It is also Baid that the miners on going below have their candlei ex tinguisbed by the visitor, and some of tbe men allege that something uncanny brushed past them. Six of tha men have left tbe mine owing to tbe terror tbe 'ghost ' has inspired. A special meeting of the Town Board was held yesterday morning to consider what action should be taken over the stone quarry question. There were present:— Messrs J. C. Whitelaw (obairman), J. C. Harris, T. Parker, and W. Temswood. After a general discastion it *u resolved to write to the Government pointing out the Board's title to the ground. At the name time tbe members expressed indigna tion at tbe action of tbe persons who were trying to uroet the Board's right to the quarries and thus interfere with the gene, ral interests of the town. A benevolent South London bookmaker thought that bis 14 men might be thirsty, ind be proposed to stand them a drink. The landlord of the ion thought be was to supply the men with as much as they chose to driuk. On tbe first day they drank £! IOi worth ; and by the third day they had scored up a bill of £U lOi. The brick maker rsf used to pay, and the judge hat upheld him in his refusal. The U brick makers' refreshments consisted of 61 bottles of mineral waters, two bottles and a pint of spirits, 47t gallons of beer, Sloe of tobaooo, 36 cigars, and 18 cigarettes. Considering the very rough state of the weather there was a fair attendance at the Gospel Hall last night to hear Dr. Case, hose present appearing to enjoy his dis course. Speaking of the book of -iebrews, he showed that it taught that the Lord Jesus Christ was the great antitype of Aron of old, who did the service of God, beginning with he atonement and going on in all tbe priestly service of God. He showed that ?Ibbus Chriat was in the presence of God 11s an ioterceder for His people, just like Aron was the go-between in his day. There are to be further meetings held to night and to-morrow night, and the ad mission is still the same— free. Mr A. R. Fowler, M.H.A., has been in itnmmunicstion with Mr H. V, Bayly (.Secretary to tbe Post Office) io regard to i\ better mail service between Mount Reid i.od Williampford, West Coast, the resi dents requiring a bi-daily service. Mr 'owler has received a letter from Mr liayly stating that tbe contractor only re ceived £15 per annum for the present eer itce. From enquiries made it was »«certaiued that he would require at least J.7U per annum for a bi-daily, and nnder (be circumstance! he did not think die Mount Reid district was of sufficient im liortanoe to warrant the extra expenditure. Due consideration would be Riven to the request, and possibly other tenders would be called for. Mr W. H. Bendall, of Fleming-ton, on =Viday week received a hamper of twelve lomere, from the North-Western Homing Hociety, Port Pirie, South Australia, a distance of 505 miles airline. Tbepiseons were to be liberated on the first favorable opportunity, and owing to the wintry weather prevailing at the time, Mr Ben dall kept them until Wednesday last, and at 5 80 a.m, they were liberated. The allowing morning Mr Bendall received a talegraro notifying that tbe first bird (the rroperty of A. M. Ellis, of Port Pirie) arrived home at 7 p.m. thai completing (he long journey iu the fast time of 13( bours, travelling at the average velocity of Dearly 40 miles an boar for the whole distance. Later in the day Mr Bendall received another win stating that another bird, the property of Mr L. McDonald, arrived home at 5 o'clock the next morn ing. Mr Justice Clarkhas granted a writ of prohibition restraining tbe plaintiffs io the action Broad and party v. Rohr and others from proceeding on the judgment re covered by them on the ground that tbe Zwbao Court had no jurisdiction to try In cause. It will be remembered that tbe above action tM beard at the Keehan Court of Requests in October last, when the jury brought iu a verdict for tbe plaintiffs for £40 and for the defendants 1 their counter claim for £25 subject to ; rUin points reserved, and after arga nenta Mr Commissioner Hall held tfiat be hraal Court bad jurisdiction. Tbe laestaan of title was nut involved, aa oon anded by defendants' counsel Tbe imouot allowed defendant! 00 their muter elaia was ?traek oat, and a jadf r «at ordered to be entered for (fee ptain jffi» for £40, with eoKa on tee £100 Male. Toe defendants being dissatisfied with die i ling of dm CommJsaoBer, Una applied t die Jndge of die Supreme Coart for a -: ohibition, wi* the result mentioned. Jr J. W. Hadaon was for the plaintiffs, id Heart Urqntart and Oaaot for tfce Mr Hamiah Stuart tell* of a new ex ample of canine sagacity and maternal ?oUcitnda which haijoit occurred in South Uiat, and which be has received from a oornspondent (the father of the owner of tbe dog) whoce accuracy is unimpeachable. About aiz weeks ago a pure bred Sootch Urrier bitch, betoojing *-- Mr McLennan, (he postmaster at Lochboisdale, had a litter of pupa, all of which save one were drowned. This puppy died and waa buried by the owner in ? apot unknown to die bitch. A few day* later, when walking near die gravy margin of one of die many loch* on die island, die owner was surprised to aeeth* bitch appear with die dead puppy is her month. Her next action surprised him still more. Tbe bitch laid die puppy down, and after gently licking it, proceeded to scrape a bole with her feet in die around. In this, when sufficiently deep, ihe placed the puppy, and finally filled in the grave. She now returns periodically to aee that it baa not been dis turbed. Tbe following report comes from Vic toria (B.C.), dated die 21st October:— Peter Jackson, die pugilist, who baa been giving a number of sparring exhibitions throughout tbe North- West, hai returned from Vancouver, suffering from a aevere attack of pneumonia. He waa ordered to tbe hospital, and, it is feared, cannot re cover. Peter Jackson was born in tbe Weat Indies, sod is 36 years of age. He began his prize ring career in Australia in 1882, when he knocked out Jack Hayes, Mick Dooley, and Sam Britton. He oame to San Francisco in 1688, and began a aeries of victories that made him famous wherever die price ring wai known. Aa he came east be woo battles in Chicago and Buffalo, and coming on to New York be knocked out Ginger McOormick in two rounds at Hoboken. la 188!) he went to England and won nine fight* there, tbe longest lasting only four rounds. He came back to Amerioa and won several fights, then went to Australia and fought a draw with Joe Goddard. Mrs, A. E. Bruoe, Main street, wants a good general servant. MrH. H. Vinoent, wood contractor to the Oonsb mine, want* two good draught hones. Mr J. C. Harris, auctioneer, draw* attention to tbe number of valuable pro perties he has for salt. Mr J, O. Harris will sell on the pre miser, Tarleton street, this afternoon, at 2 30, turaiture and household effeot*. An extraordinary misting of the Strahan Snorts Association will be held at Clarke's Macquarie Harbor Hotel this evening at 8 o'clock. A full attendance is requested, ai the business will be important. 