THE CAWARRA VINEYARD. The viticultural industry in New South Wales is mainly concentrated along the Murray Valley and on the rich loamy flats bordering on the Hunter River and its tributary streams. But the industry is also much in evidence in all the important districts where agriculture holds sway. For almost two-score years the use of Australian wines as a popular beverage in Australia has been advocated against great odds, but, thanks to the efforts of some of the old- time pioneers, such as Messrs. Lindeman and Fallon, of New South Wales, the De Castella Bros., of Vic toria, and Hardy and Beppelt, of South Australia, Australian wines of the present day, although not enjoying the local reputation that they deserve, have come greatly into favour on the London market, and are there classed among some of the best vine products of the earth. No better representative of the vitlcultural Industry of the present colony could be described than the Cawarra Estate, Messrs. Lindeman's fine property, a typical vineyard situated on the Paterson River, in the neighbourhood of Gresford. During the month of December the vineyards present a most interesting picture. The foliage Is then in its prime, the strong shoots have been tied and trained, the tiny flowers have set, and the future bunches of luscious berries are beginning to form. Sometimes the seasons so disastrous by reason of their exceptional dryness to cereal and hay crops have proved most beneficial to the grape vine. Notwithstanding the brilliantly green foliage, the vines must be kept from mould, blight, oidlum, or insect pest. No relaxation of precautions will be allowed by the careful vlgneron. Sulphuring to destroy oidlum must proceed as usual. Tillage between the rows of vines cannot be neglected, and the vigilant eye of the vine dresser will detect where a shoot wants tying up. It is estimated that the labour of one man suffices for every twelve acres of vineyard, but at vintage time the services of every available person, old and young, are obtained. Children, provided with scissors pick the ripe clusters, and are generally paid by the piece at the rate of 2d. per basket. In come cases, however, the vintagers are hired by the day. Men furnished with large baskets take the contents of smaller ones to the carts, which stand in the intersecting roadways. At Cawarra the men have large baskets strapped to their backs, and are familiarly called " donkeys." Whenever a picker requires a basket to be emptied, the cry, " Hi, donkey !" speedily brings "donkeyman" to the spot, the vines being planted in rows too close to permit a wheeled vehicle traversing them. When the grapes arrive at the presshouse they are lifted in baskets to the upper floor, and the grapes are fed by men into the power-driven stemming and crushing machines, which separate the stalks from the berries, and the latter, falling through a grating, are ruptured on passing between rollers fitted with spikes or peers. This enables the juice to escape, which, together with broken berries, falls Into the 500-gallon fermenting vats. It is here that the yeast fungus, clinging as a bloom on the skin of the berry, feeds upon the sugar of the juice. It multiples amazingly fast, and with this great activity of life the temperature rises many degrees, while the sugar is broken up into alcohol and carbonic acid gas. With the increase of alcohol, and the growing scarcity of the nitrogenous elements with which the yeast fungus builds up its tiny cell In |the fermenting juice, the yeast ceases to multiply. It has lived its life, and finished its life's work, and the sweet juice of the grape has been transformed by its agency into wine. At this stage 'the vats arc drained by running the " must" or new wine into, the cellar casks. Since a large quantity of must is retained in the skins and stems left behind in the vats, they are transferred to the powerful winepress, every drop of must is squeezed out, running to cellar casks, and the dry mass of skins, now called " marc," is thrown on to a distant manure heap, whence it will in due time be removed and applied as a dressing to the soil. The skill of cellar management is displayed in the treatment of young wines. Scrupulous cleanliness of every utensil is necessary. Seldom is it that our Australian winemakers have attained to such faultless perfection, yet good wine cannot be made without it. It is in this feature that the brothers Lindeman excel. Mr. Arthur resides permanently at Cawarra and makes the wine there, and Mr. Herbert superintends the Corowa vintage (on the Murray) until the young wines have finished their working. Afterwards only an occasional visit is requisite, so that he is able for the greater part of the year to assist Mr. Charles in the multitudinous operations of the Sydney business. The huge casks used in the Sydney cellars are made locally, and of perfectly seasoned Dantzig oak. The staves are steamed for hours and bent to shape. Each joint has to be accurately made. The flat heads are com posed of several pieces dowelled together, and so perfectly jointed that the line of junction can scarcely be seen, while within and without the utmost smoothness of surface is secured by sandpapering. The iron hoops are carefully driven on, and the casks compare in every respect with the very best of those made in the old-established wine districts "of Europe. They hold from 1600 gallons to 2200 gallons each, and are said to be the largest made in the colony under the new system. The locked-up capital in casks and cellar accommodation can scarcely be believed, the empty casking alone having cost nearly £10,000. Another £1000 worth is now en route from Germany. The Corowa vineyard is one of Messrs. Lindeman's more recent acquisitions. It was formerly owned by Mr. J. M. Sanger and Mrs. Bladen Neill. Several times a year, according to indications thoroughly understood by the cellar manager, the young and maturing wines are racked or transferred to clean casks, so as to free them from the presence of the dregs or deposited matter , chiefly composed of tartaric add, lime, colouring matter, and dead yeast cells. As age advances the astringent tannin disappears, the superabundance of saccharine becomes slowly diminished, the alcohol is mellowed, and volatile ethers are evolved which provide that indescribable delicacy of aroma known as the bouquet. In due time all wines arrive at their prime, and henceforth they slowly go down the hill. The rate of deterioration may for years be scarcely per ceptible, but at last flavour and bouquet have departed, and the old wine is but a ghost of its former self. The art of the winemaker decides when wines ought to be bottled and binned away till the period at perfection is arrived at. Placing the wine in class renders the attainment of choice quality more of a certainty than If the wines had been left to mature in the cask. Messrs. Lindeman's cellars under the Sydney Exchange, are very extensive, and although 10,000 dozen bottles are binned, the demand for Cawarra wines renders a more extensive storage necessary. When many wines are from five to seven years old they may be hurried out into consumption, but if they be kept in bottle for several years, so that when sold they shall be over ten years old, as Mr. Llndeman can testify, the limpidity , softness, and fine bouquet of very choice European wines are acquired. It stands to reason that the lockup of capital for so long a period and the annual shrinkage in bulk when in cask necessitate many more shiftings per gallon being charged than when compara tively young wines are sent out. In bottling wines it is very necessary to prepare perfectly clean bottles. The supply of bottles is provided by men who collect them throughout the city, and special shapes are made for the wine merchants at the glass manufactories. Also large quantities are imported, as It is impossible to get sufficient in the colony. The sum paid for bottles by the firm is from £1000 to £2000 per annum. The Australian capitals, with their delightful natural advantages and warm, bright climate, could vie with the exquisite open air pleasure life of the Continent of Europe were it not that an influence predominates to render every attempt to introduce the Continental cafe abortive. At the Sydney International Exhibition of 1878 there was a successful effort made to introduce a truly Continental cafe, but It flailed to be appre ciated save by those who had enjoyed the open-air life on the Continent. France is the vineyard of the world. Her vinedressers possess unrivalled skill, and the experts of the trade criticise the wines of other, lands with severity. The wines of Aus tralia were submitted to French connoisseurs at the Bordeaux Exhibition of 1882, and remarkable praise was in particular ac corded to those sent from New South Wales in that for her red wine the large proportion of five gold medals were awarded. Her foremost vignerons have not since then lost their skill, and were they to enter into rivalry again with the wines of the world a similar shower of golden and silver medals might well be expected. There if a cessation just at present of International exhibitions, although the one to be held in Paris next year will probably bring out some of the remarkajbly fine wines known to be maturing in New South Wales cellars. Messrs. H. J. Lindeman have, however , recently determined to secure for their wines that appreciation in Britain which their intrinsic merit deserves. Messers. Parbury, Henty, and Co., 20 Eastheap, EC., act as their agent s in the old country, and all who appreciate the Cawarra wines will wish them every success. A special analytical report respecting the Cawarra wines from Mr. F. B. Guthtie, chemist, appears in our advertising columns. THE CAWARRA VVINEYARD NEAR GRESFORD, N.B.W.—See description on this page. TOT BYRON BAT CO-OPERIATTVK CRBAfIfBRY, ND.W.^Bee "Agriculture." MR. O. M. KBRK, Lately Official Starter, Q.T.C.—ttoe " Racine." (Photo, by Hogg A Go. 