AMONG THE CHESS-MEN.— II. At the London Tourney. i Tschigorin, one of the most interesting of chess personalities, might almost be taken fora prosperous bapk-manager. He is really the very Rupert of Chess ; there is nothing so daring that he will not attempt it, no opponent so formidable .that he will not take liberties with him. That is the reason why he so seldom gains first prizes. He does not amoke, bat he has a curious habit, common to many chess-players, of incessantly moving his left foot. The carious little quiver goes on for hours together. It has a counterpart in the visible beating of the pulse in his temple. Tschigorin, who is very dark, does not take his game so seriously as some, and you can even find the ghost of & Bmile on his lips when he has got his adversary into a tight corner. Lasher, for all his successes, has not yet learned repose. He is the most restless of all the players. He has the foot-quivering habit, but thia iB only one sign of his tension. His legs are as supple his attitudes as fantastic, as Mr. Balfour's. Now one leg, now the other, over the arm of his chair ; now with. legs creased — again, with them stretched agonisedly behind or straddling apart. Lasker also.Bmokes. He wears an eye-glass and a flower, and is generally one of the best-dressed of the Masters, which is not saying much. I hope no emissary from the Tailor and Cutter will stray into St. Stephen's Hall this month. Pillsbury is very young, and has the smooth face proper to that condition. He might be taken at the first glance for a clever young journalist. Look closer at him, and you will observe a - ourious delicaoy, almost feminine, about the eyes and fore head. One would, infer a very sensitive, nervous organisation. There is no doubt that the progress of the game is a matter of tremendous intereac to him. He is one of the few players whoso face shows no relaxation of anxiety during the opponent's move. For the most part, his eye never wanders from the board, aud he plays as if his life or death depended on the next move. Among the quiet playerB are Schlechter — whom a punster haa called the 'Drawing Master,' so great is hia talent for dividing honours — andCoho, whose .good-humour of visage nothing will cloud. Jahowski has no particular mannerisms as yet; but Tinsley seeks to propitiate fortune by polishing 'his scalp with the palm of his hand in moments of high pressure. He is, however, ono of those courteous combatantB who Bhako hands after they have been defeated. He will even run through the game again for hiB better instruction. It is sad to have to say it, but all the Masters do not take reverses so philosophically. There are few things bo difficult to take smiling aa a defeat at cheap, for, remember, there is absolutely nothing to blame but yourself. Your game is your own doing entirely, and neither weather, nor war, nor any othor circumstance whatever, can effect it in any way. — London 8kctch. 