THE GHOST OF B COMPANY A CORPORAL'S TARN. " The immorality of ghostes," said the corporal in charge of the squad, has •Immortality," suggested the too-fresh recruit. "Shut your face, sir! I said immorality and immorality it is! Get out there and hustle some wood for the fire—you and your immortality. I was saying, when that would-be colleger opened his baby face, that the im-mor-al-tty of ghostses Is curious—they're as fond of the weemen after death as before. 'Tou read the books and see if the spooks ain't back because of a woman half the time. There was Reddy Eodd, as was struck on Lucy Kleinhart, in B Company. He was after her every day when he was alive, and do you «»lnir he let her alone after he was shot? No; he ha'nted her." "When was that, corp'ral?" 'Til tell you when Mr JImmie Fresh has stirred the fire, for yer souls'll freeze before I'm done. 'Twas lo-ong back, when I was fresh myself, and prided myself that I knew more than my superiors. So 'twas lo-ong back, when my face wat pink like a baby's, and my mouth was open with no cause, and mjj conceit " "Try my tobacco, corporal, do," cried the recruit, hurriedly. "We-ell," said the non-com., filling his pipe and forgiving the recruit. "It was a boy I was, and Reddy Rodd was to ma what I am now to you, young fellow, a father and protector, and, when it was needed, a castigator. "There's no girls in the army now like the girl Lucy Kleinhart was. Lucy's dad, old Kleinhart, was a war man. but only a private, 'cause of beer. There was another corp'rQ in the company, and his name was Meigs. Meigs and Rodd had joned together, an* been promoted almost simul—simult—" "Simultaneously," said the recruit "Shut your face," yelled the corporal . "Tou're not a dictionary, are you? Fetch some more wood. They was promoted almost together. They was thick as ever, was them two bunkier, all each got his narrow stripe. Lucy was a shortfrocked girl at the post school when the First Joined but in a, year or ' two says Reddy Rodd to Meigs at a hop — " That there girl of Klelnhart's grown up immense; be says. 'She's big enough for a corp'rfl to dance with,' he says. So he danced •with her, and then Meigs he danced with her, an' them eyes they just struck both of 'em łiirg Mauser bullets, so they did So 'twas soon, when Reddy Rodd was in structing of me in the antelope shooting one day out by our two selves on leave, says he—"Tou're a sensible boy,' he says, * Look at me fair,' he says. ' Am I not a fine build of a man? " he says In truth he was, and I told him so—poor old Reddy, Tou're a sensible boy, and can fceep a tight tipper lip,* says be, 'so tell me straight—d'ye think Luci?;" Kleinhart would have me.* An' I told him to go in and win. I s'pose it eased him like to get an opinion on his case, like when you have a touch of malaria. He asked ber, and the very same night Meigs, he asked her, and there It was. They was. both fine, smart men, and bound to rise in the army, and Lucy she didn't know which to take and kept a-playin* with them, till they was worried and sick and wouldn't talk more than civil—them as bad been so thick. "Ye mind the year or two after the Custer-massacre? "Well, we was busy them days; '76 was busy times, but the •78 campaign was lively, too. :We was through it, an' of course the weemen an' girls was left at the post One night we was in camp at a bend in a creek, a' permanent camp, good for fuel, forage an' water, and the reds, we knew, wasn't very far away, "cause we'd seen *em spyin" on us from the bluffs, but they weren't in force. What there was we thought was on t'other side the creek, an' the pickets had orders to challenge-but once, and then fire if they sighted anything queer near their post, for a daring devil had knifed a. sentry not long ago, without him" having a chance to call out or give the alarm. Them young Injuns was always looking out for a chance to distinguish themselves in that there kind of way. "Reddy Rodd was a corporal of the guard that night, but was taken sick, end Meigs was detained to relieve Meigs went on just in time to post a relief, and Reddy went back to his tentstripped and lay down, but his sickness would not let him rest, and he was up and down. Well, Meigs.—he was a careful man on duty—he wasn't satisfied with posting his relief, but, after he'd given the last sentry his orders pretty far out of camp, he says to the fellows relieved: "Wait where you are a . minute," says he; there's been whisky in camp this day, and there's whisky-boosting going on to-night outside camp, and I'm darned,'"be says, "if I don't nail 'em.* For It was no time for the boys to be'drinkln'. with Injuns around. Off goes Meigs, all alone, to a little gully, which was the place be meant. Next thing there was a shot and a yell and a cry from the cor-; poral for the guard to come up. "Meigs was cool, but the whole camp was roused. "I got somethin' better than I expected,' says Meigs to the officer of, the day. 'No whisky, but -anfftfier sneaking Injun looking for ,^. -"careless picket to knife.* So he-goes with the officer and the guard "to a huddled-up figure in a. blanket they could hardly see because of the black night. "A good shot," śays the officer of the day, 'very good, corp'ril,' he says, and strikes .-a match, and back he jumps. Good lord, corporal!" he cries. "It's Corporal Rodd.* And it was. The sickness had let him get no rest, and he'd just swung his blanket round him and slipped, out of como a wtl end met bis fate. "Meigs raved, so they had to put him under guard, and the accident made the -whole ćamp miserable. Soon after the aceidentj the winter setting In,, we were ordered back to the post, the campaign for us being over, but days before' that -we laid, old Reddy in the'ground, -with a headboard over him, BO'S we might find him again, if need be. Mighty sorry we all were, for he "was a fine bund of. a man. Still, wę expected ,hjm to test, -and Pm thinking, .ghostses would -have better jpbs to.be attending to where they're put than coming back to their old sweethearts. That's where-their immoral-ity stows up, 1 "Well, Meigs he was lite a dumb man for a long timewbenhe wasn't raving, and sure ire /thought the man would transfer to another regiment, or at least to another company: than old B Company, but he .didn't; He stayed, on, add the officers were .mighty isorry jfor him, and the weemen pettjsd him, for shooting Lis old - bunkie by-mlstafce. And Lucy Kleinhart,. she was bpteaiheartedat first, but <ame rouhd, andj>efore Christmas she -was conBoling Meigs best she knew. and then two things happened. Our old ?3rst Sergeant be reared for Oldjage, and the old mwn rnnfle Meigs First SeSgeant—he wąsa good 4Ó1- dier. was Meigs. -Bim-ul-tan-e-ously it was announced, eo lt jw^ lthat Meigs was going to mai^ Łaicy, and glad was did. ^lomMta^-aMi^^lgfe'rjEy'ife Him? "TOell, 14nlnd ^f^iŁ^jieit iUe£s; on lila chevrons, "wid-called . the' w®L : He'd been pale and thin, but was picking up, and' that night he was smiling. Off he rattles the roll in style with no breaks, and the captain was crossing the parade ground from -his house when Meigs steps to the end of the line. 'Ri-i-ight dress!', says he, sharp and loud; for he had a fine commanding voice, had Meigs. 'Steady. Front!" and back he starts for his place to salute:the captain and report the 'company present or accounted for* He didn't get there right away. Half-way he stopped and, oh, bojs. you should have seen" the horror in that poor devil's face!' 'Twas a dead man, so it was, saving the wąy his lower jaw dropped down and jerked up and dropped down'' and jerked up. Then he says,, in a cracked, low voice— ' 'Twaś an accident,' he says, and waited a minute, as if listening to some, one. and then be ups with his rifle, butt to the front and hits out at the air. We •were all too astonished to move. Anyway, .it was all over i n half a minute. Meigs comes to himself, and when the captain arrived, though his face was white and his voice shook, he saluted all right and reported. But none of us dared to spealt to the new First . that -night, and he locked łiimcplf in his orderly room. . . . "But he was shook, and 'it was Reddy, Rodd we saw," was the whisper that night. Little Coxey, the trumpeter, son of old Coxey'of L Company, was my -neighbor in barracks, his bonk next mine in a corner. The little-man was all ^chafcg with fear at the.ghost stories he heard that evening before taps, and •Bill let's you and me double up,' says he after tattoo. I was but a raw rookie myself, and was glad of his company under the blankets, special when he was waked up near midnight by a howl front the orderly room, where Meigs slept alone. We sat up and Coxey grabbed my hand. That howl was not repeated, and after a minute the sergeant in charge of barracks gets up to the. orderly-room door and knocked and asked if there was anything wrong. After a time Meigs answered — "Nothing, sergeant Sorry to have disturbed you. I guess I had a nightmare.'. ""Twas Reddy Rodd he saw again; little Coxey whispered to me. . "Bill, do you think- it was really an accident They wero both in love with Lucy Kleinhart, weren't they?'. \- - " "Don't you dare even to whisper such things,' I says, and he was still holding my hand when I got to sleep. Old Coxey —he's with the cavalry now, a First Sergeant himself, and a fine build of a man ""Them young trumpeters hear every word spoken in the post, and Coxey must have heard what I had not Nasty things were being said about our new First Sergeant Everybody thought that Lucy would 'have chosen Reddy Rodd in the end, and when the marriage with Meigs was spoken of, the boys said 'accidents always made room for someone's promotion.' Coxey was not the only one whispering. D Company gave a hop the night after that howl from the orderly room, and it was a full- dress affair, and the grand march was led oc by. D's old man with the First's wife on bis arm. Most of us went and when the officers had gone we set in for the real dancing, and, of course, for the first waltz Meigs goes up to ask Lucy. . He was like a ghost him- self, but she was as rosy and jolly as ever. 'She was standing right in the middle of the-room, and we made way for Meigs to reach her, and watched them natural like, for. they were to be married the next. week—week before; Christmas, tip steps Meigs to within five paces, and. there was no one between them. Suddenly Megs stopped short, and the sweat broke out all over him, and his lower jfcw dropped, and he jerked up and dropped down and jerked up, and his face was like the face of a hangedaman, only white. Lucy was smiling at him when he stopped, and when she saw him turn like this she started to go to him, crying; 'Are you sick? But he didn't answer and in a second Lucy, she, too, stopped stone still and the' red ran from her cheeks and she shook. " 'Reddy Rodd!' she cried, and fainted. "The fellows ran to help her, and some were going to catch Melgs^ when he made a spring at—at something, and began to wrestle with—with it It lasted a second, and he was carried out frothing at the mouth. They carried him to the hospital, and there he lay until the night of Christmas Eve. "That broke up the dance, and there was queer talk among the fellows that night Old Kleinhart, he had a- house in Laundress's-row, and I tell you his neighbours were scared the night of the dance. Lucy went into the next fit as soon as they got her out of the last, and when she wasn't in a fit she was lying with staring eyes, answering Tes' or "No," while she listened to—Reddy Rodd. It was Reddy Rodd, and everybody knew his ghost was in the post, and.you couldn't have got the sergeant-major himself to cross the parade ground after dark alone And Coxey and me, we was mighty glad Meigs was in the hospital and not in his orderly room howling at midnight The hospital fellows said be was quiet enough up there and only asked to be let alone. Reddy Rodd's ghost didn't bother him there—'cause it was busy fixing things up with Lucy. And old Kleinhart, he says morning after the dance, Lucy wouldn't never marry Meigs, but it was a good excuse for the old chap -to get drunk and be carried to the guardhouse. "Lucy was around the post in a day or two, but we didn't know her hardly. She'd pass you without seeing you, with a face like milk. "And sometimes her eyes would glare, and sometimes she'd cry, while she helped her mother with the-washtubs. Tou bet no one said "Meigs' to her. But. the scaringest thing about her was like it happened to me when I gave "her good morning at the post-office. jShe began to talk" to me, and all of a sudden; she stopped and her eyes was fixed and she says, faraway like, but a bit impatient, Tes^ yes—yes. Ton do your part; m do mine. I am quite strong enough.' She kep t talking to herself that wayjike, but Coxey and I, we grossed that It was Reddy Rodd sbe was a-tsilldng to. . And,, mind. - you, it was. .Leave the fire alone, you:' There's Tight enough to listen by. "Christmas Eve, Mother Bro wn—I mind her/pies—she gave a party, she did; and She didn't want to Inviie Lucy, 'cause she feared she'd spoil the fun with'her queer ways, but she did, and Lucy came, and me, and Coxey, and Spud Murphy, as died n here before the real flghHng begun, and only one or two more. We'd heaps it fun and a bit of a dance and refreshments, so we .had, asd was feeling good, and Lucy ireas behaving like hersdi again, but she was pale. - Two of tlie fellows got larking, and, begab, they smadied Moiher BrownTa best cheeney teapot Mother Brown'took, Blah, " t " b n o It easyr-rest her old boy; -they lle. in w achat's .OJdahoma how—but XJticy. said it d was a ehaane, so it was, 'and the man who E e a the fun.óf the thing, ive formed a court in ł pmpgr torm, and Lucy" was president and 'twas me -was judge-advocate, "and" *we m divided up the test as -witnEsses aiid members of Hie court Lucy took her seat at: c a die table, mid, eh! but her faice "was irhite f then! •"-. i 'BayBi: "The court being ; formed, shall the prisoners be bronghtin^ M J "Mother Brown, all-of a sudden; * die" began to tremble and moan. " "What's the matter. Loo?' says she. "What are you looking at, Loo?' "And I looked round, and the faces of the boys was worried and gray, and they was like cattle before a blizzard comes, i They didii't know what to do or whether to run or not I was all a-shake myselt, and the palms of my bands felt coid and damp. But I says again: 'Shall the prisoner * and I got no further, for Lucy looks at the door as if someone had come in, and says, in the queer, distant voice she'd used at the post office: ".'Ah! you have come? Tes. He is coining now—he'is almost here.' "There was a big fire in the stove, but now it grew chill and chiller and cold, but for the life of us we oould not spealr nor take our eyes from Lucy. And the oil lamps of Mother Brown they flickered and grew dim, but still there was another light in the room, a queer, yellowishblue light Then I heard a voice in my ear, close yet far away: " 'I like you. Bill. Don't forget me.* I was freezing with fear, but I couldn't move. It was Reddy*s voice. "Then the door opens and in walks— Meigs. He was in the nightshirt they had given him in the hospital. He'd come straight from his cot, but the nurses said they never saw him leave. The man was half- corpse, but his eyes were glaring, and he looked right in Lucy's eyes as he baited before her. I wanted—we an granted—to lay bold of him and take bim back to the hospital, but we couldn't—we were like posts driven into the ground. " Tou know the charge,' said Lucy, with them awful eyes on his. - Did you' kill Reildy Rodd intentionally? Are'you guilty?' " 'Guilty!' yelled Meigs, like a madman. •Guilty, and I'd do it again for love of you! I knew where he'd go—outside the ramp. I laid .for bim, as rd laid for months, when I first knew he loved you best Do what you will! If the devil himself had not come from hell to give me up, Td have married you. Now I don't care if the whole post knows the truth.' » Then Lucy turned to a corner where it was. " 1 am satisfied,' says she. "He acknowledges it Do what yon will." "Then the sweat broke out again on Meigs, and his lower jaw dropped down and jerked up, and dropped down and jerked up, and he bowled and howled and hawled. " "Again!" he shouted. "In my place on the parade, and at the dance, and here!' "And thai something closed with him and threw him to the ground, and suddenly Lucy rose up and shrieked a genuine woman's shriek. " "Part them! Part them! Take him away! Drag him off! He's choking him! He's killing him! Reddy! Reddy! Don't oh! don't!" " "Who do you say?' someone cried. " 'Reddy Rodd!' she screamed, and fainted, and when we came to our senses the room was warm and the lamps shone, but Meigs was black in the face and dead."* Round the camp fire they were properly affected, but the recruit remarked refiec- ! Uvely: "If an Tndian went out on the craw! to knife a sentry, he would hardly cumber himself with a blank " "Shut your face," yelled the corporal, "and fetch more wood." — "New Tork Sun." 