LOCALANDGENERAL. •— The adjourned sitting of the quarterly Electoral Revision Court will be held to-day. The Government astronomer's forecast for the goldfields to-day is as follows:—Fine, and moderately cool, with Bouth-eaBt to south-west winds. The patients admitted to the Government Hospital yesterday were—Michael Leahan, John George Herran, H. C. Mott, and Isaec Ashton, all of Coolgardie. Mr J. C. H. James, Commissioner of TitleB and late acting judge of the Supreme Court, is at present an inmate of a private hospital through his mind being unhinged. Yesterday morning he gave himself up at the Waterside Police Station, and made a ambling accusation of murder against himelf. He was examined by the Government edical officer, who ordered bis removal to hospital. p i c a o M L s n b When Mr Pether, the Government printer, was in England recently, he purchased, at the desire of the Government, a quantity of the latest machinery for the Government Printing Office, Perth, and, among other things, secured a couple of monotypes. The latter are built on the principle of linotypes, but are said to be improvements, in that, instead of the type being set in line9, the letters are set as ordinary type. The only business before the Police Court yesterday was a charge against a man named Peter R. Foxe of having obtained the sum of 2s from Lilly M'Leod, by representing that he was collect! a g money for an invalid. Mr Aid Daviea, who appeared for the prisoner, informed the Bench that he had only that morning been retained, and in the interests of his client he applied for a remand. The hearing of the case was postponed to the following morning. The line of pipes leading from the Hanover mice to the swimming baths, which the Council has leased from the Coolgardie Waterworks, Ltd, bus now been tapped by two branch line*, one leading to the Lindsay's Consolidated mine and the other to the Sing Solomon. In each case the water iB required for the running of a battery. The municipality will benefit through these connections by an amount more than equal to the sum which they pay for the rental of the mainline. The Boulrier council has intimated that Mayor Hopkins and Crs Rabbish and Taylor have been appointed delegates to represent that municipality at the conference to be held in Coolgardie next Saturday week for the purpose of discussing the question of the reduction in the Government subsidy. Advantage will be taken of the meeting of tbe goldfields representatives to-talk over the matters which are to be brought forward at tbe annual municipal conference which commences at Banbury on February 2. Good progress is being made in the securing of advertisements for the official catalogue of the Western Australian Mining and Industrial Exhibition, and Mr E. D. Gouty, who has the work in hand, wishes intending advertisers to communicate with him or they may run the risk of having to pnt up with the less prominent spaces in the catalogue. Mr Goulay's address is 385 St George's Ter race, Perth, but Messrs Axford and SawleB are canvassing the goldfields and are authorised to receive advertisements for the pamphlet, which Bhould prove a very interesting publication. At the suit of the W.A. Goldfields, Ltd, the plant and machinery of the COOLGARDIE MINER and PIONEER were yesterday afternoon submitted for sale by auction under a .distraint for rent. There was a moderate attendance of the public, and Mr A. H. Barclay acted as auctioneer with his usual effectiveness. Mr J. H. Wood, of Bayley-street west, started the bidding at £300, and the amount was briBkly raised, the property eventually being knocked down to Mr D. M Leslie, on behalf of Mr John Culley, who has now become sole proprietor of both journals. At Pearce's Athletic Hall, Bayley-street, last evening a benefit entertainment was tendered the well-known comedian, Mr Dan Cusack. Mr Davis acted as master of ceremonies, and placed every item yn the pro gramme, which incluied boxing, clubswinging, singing, and recitations, in creditably quick manner. The beneficiare rendered a couple of comic songs in his usual humorous style, and the boxing bout between Billy Williams and Pat O'Toole was fall of dash right through, Jim Boscence and a friend were also frequently applauded for their spirited display. The intercolonial cricket match between Queensland and South Australia was con' eluded in Brisbane on Tuesday, when the game TeBulted in a very eaey victory for the visitors by an innings and 281 runs. The innings of the South Australians closed for 582 runs, leaving the Bananalanders with a debit balance of 482 runs to make np. They failed lamentably, however, as they were dis missed for 198, of which Schreiber made 67, Bradley 51, and Oarew 38, Giffen came out with the fine average of seven for 66. The veteran's bowling and batting in this match will probably improve his chance of being selected for a place in the Australian Eleven. A meeting of the Recreation Reserve com mittee was held' yesterday afternoon, when the following members were present:— Messrs J. F. Moore (in the chair), S. White, H. S. King and G. Purdy. The only business of importance before the meeting was a letter from A. W. Mather (manager of the Perth branch of the Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company, Limited), who applied for the use of the ground on Saturday, May 20, for the purpose of running a cycle meeting. The use of the reserve was granted on the customary terms. It is understood that Mr Mather iB applying for the ground on behalf of a Perth syndicate who are bringing over a contingent of the leading cycliBts from the Eastern colonies, including Walne, M'Donald, Beauchamp, Barker, Parsons and Jackson. The Minister for Mines (Mr H. B. Lefroy) was engaged during almost the whole of yesterday in visiting several of the principal mines in the Coolgardie district. In the morning he was driven out to the Lady Charlotte mine, which he descended and thoroughly inspected. He afterwards visited Sherlaw's and Bayley's United mines. After lunch a party consisting of the Minister, Warden Owen (of Menzies), and Messrs W^ L. Daniells, B. Hine, and T. Browne was formed for the purpose of visiting the Londonderry district. On the way down a stoppageWHB made at Burbanks, where the Minister and his companions were received by Mr Nicholas, junior. After inspecting the cyanide plant and other surface workings of the Burbanks Birthday Gift mine, the party proceeded to Londonderry. Mr Powell (manager of the Londonderry mine) welcomed them to the place, and showed them over the underground workings of the mine The party started on their return trip at about € o'clock, and a brisk drive brought them into Coolgardie in a little over an hour. In the evening Mr Lefroy was entertained by the Chamber of Mines at a private dinner at Sommers' Hotel. Mr H. Lawrence Read resided, and amongst the guests were Wardens Finnerty and Owen, The proceedngs were of a purely informal and social haracter. At noon to day the acting-Mayor nd members of the Council, as well as a few ther representative citizens, will meet the inister at the Council Chamber. Mr efroy hBB been asked to meet the Commisioners of the Exhibition during the afteroon. It is intended to show bim over the uildings and supply him with certain inforq d h t t a Through the breakdown of the telegraph lines, we are unable to present our readers with yesterday's quotations in tbe Adelaide aharemarket. The adjourned sitting of the annual court for the revision of the jury list sat yesterday morning. The separate list of the Coolgardie voters, which was ordered to be made out, having been signed, the Court adjourned sine die. 4 Bf' Brace, who is charged with performing an illegal operation, will be brought before the Kalgoorlie Police Court on Saturday, when it is anticipated the woman concerned will be sufficiently recovered to attend. Bnrgess, who is suspected of being connected with the Gatton tragedy, was to have been brought np at Toowoomba yesterday, but owing to the breakdown of the telegraph lines we are unable to furnish an account of the Police Court proceedings. Burgess iB stated to be quite cool and collected, eating heartily and sleeping soundly. A little knowledge of English idiom iB a very dangerous thing. At the National Liberal Club dinner to General Riciotti Garibaldi, the guest unexpectedly rose up and said : 'And now, gentlemen, I wish to propose one toast. I drink to the health of Mrs Grundy j' Confusion and uncertainty among the * Liberal Forwards' present 1 1 Yes, gentlemen,' continued the General, quite unconscious of his satire, ' to Mrs Grundy, that is to say, the great public opinion of England P Guy Boothby, says an English correspondent, has suffered a shocking bereavement. Not many weeks ago he bought the famous bulldog Black Watch for £300, thus giving the higheet price ever paid for any specimen of that breed in this country. Black Watch was entered for the National Show at Birmingham, but last week fell ill, and in spite of veterinary attention, gave up the ghost after lingering a couple of days. Business, one may fairly surmise, must ! be brisk with Mr Boothby, or he would never be able to ' go to the dogs ' at this extravagant figure. A little incident of well-nigh international importance which happened in connection with the Sirdar's laureation at Edinburgh University should not be allowed to go unnoticed (says aa English exchange). It is reported that when the ceremony was about half completed : ,the well-known figure of the French lecturer was seen to descend from the library hall and walk in a slow and dignified way down the centre of the quadrangle between the barricades. The lecturer appeared calm, and even undisturbed by an ironical cheer which greeted his performance. In academic circles there is little donbt expressed but that this was a protest against the laureation of one who had gone poaching at Fashoda. Considerable interest has been aroused by the statistics collected by the Berlin 'Tageblatt,' winch, it is contended, go to prove that where conscription is in force the average height of the soldier is lower than in volunteer armies. ItiB, of course, satisfactory to know that the British soldier is some lin taller than the German, and 3in better than the Frenchman, the Spaniard, and the Italian; bat, after all, it is only to be expected that in countries where every ablebodied young fellow is passed into the military service the tendency must be to reduce the average height. In this country a man generally 'goes for a soldier ' because he looks and feels like one. Yesterday's * Boulder Star' has the following :—The attention of Constable Byan was yesterday called to a respectably dressed old ijnau who was, to use a familiar term, engaged ' painting Kalgoorlie red.* His first move was to upset a shooting gallery, despite the earnest requests of the owner to leave the thing alone. Then he proceeded to a fruit shop and endeavored to continue the fan there, but the owner thereof ejected him somewhat forcibly. The 'painter' then became very abusive, and did not consider ths occupier game enough to come outside. Every effort was made to quieten the old chap, but without success, until Constable Byan came on the scene, when he was promptly marched away to answer a charge of having behaved in a disorderly manner. At tbe police station he gave the name of Jas Monahan, of Coolgardie, where he has been well known for several years. This morning he made his bow to Mr Hare in the courthouse, and seemed rather relieved, after hearing the evidence of the police, to be allowed to depart on the strength of paying the £i fine demanded, Owing to the aggravating breakdown of both South Australian telegraph lines again last night, our readers are tbis morning deprived of the usual assortment of cables and Eastern news. These breakdowns are much too frequent, and it seems a remarkable thing that nothing can be done by the responsible efficers of the South Australian Telegraph Department to prevent the constant recurrence of the failure of their section of the western line. If the breakdowns occurred on the Eastern side of Adelaide, and Victoria and New South Wales were so often deprived of their cable news as we are, pretty prompt action would be taken to remedy the nuisance. There is, however, still an impression prevailing in some quarters that it does not matter much whether West Australia gets its. cable news or not, but as the people of this calory are just as much interested in the events that are moving the world as their Eastern neighbors, vigorous action should be taken to induce Sir Charles Todd to see that the line between Fowler's Bay and Eucla is put and maintained in a state of efficiency. They tell this story in free—very free- America. Much amusement was caused on the occasion of a recent English house party by the entry into the drawing-room, just before dinner, of ,a guest with coat-tails tightly rammed into his trousers' pockets and the trousers themselves rolled up almost to his knees. When some one drew the old gentleman's attention to the eccentric arrangement of his dress, everybody present nearly ' exploded,' and the victim himself laughed heartily. He then explained that he had bicycled over from his own home, some two miles distant, and thinking that he was late, he had, whefa shown in, forgotten all about the arrangement of his clothes. When, subsequently, the footman who had admitted him was rebuked for not having noticed the condition of the guest's garb, and told him of it r the sancy varlet calmly replied that certainly had 'observed that Colonel Blank's were turned up rather high,' bnt hat he had refrained from drawing his ttui^jbj^ ' The Japanese entertainment that was to have taken place in the Exhibition building last evening unavoidably had to be postponed almost at the eleventh boor< Oar Kalgoorlie correspondent wired last night as follows:—A man was caught practically red-handed to-day picking the pocket , of a drunken man in Burgess' Hotel. When discovered the man ran away, but the pro* prietor of the hotel at once gave chase, and . secured the culprit. In connection with the Oxley tragedy, the brother of the deceased lad, who has been searching with his father at the scene, has found a waistcoat near where the body was discovered. . The garment had been zipped at the back and repaired in a peculiar manner, a man having 'evidently done the sewing. Owing to the unseasonable state of the weather during the past day or two the attendance at the swimming baths has fallen off considerably, and the early morning bather has been almost an unknown quantity, although one or two adventurous spirits have turned np regularly at the opening cf the doors o' mornings. Lately some mine orders on one of the Boulder mines were presented to a Boulder hotelkeeper and cashed, but on being handed in to the bank they were retained. The police were made acquainted with the fact, with the result that a man named Kelly was brought before jthe Court yesterday, but the barmaid at the hotei where the orders were cashed could not awear to Kelly as being the man who cashed them, so the charge broke down. Another arrest has been made in connection with the affair, and the accused will be brought before the Court to-morrow. Our Kalgoorlie correspondent wired last night as follows:—The long- threatened litigation in connection with the ballast taken from the Monte Chriato lease for the Boulder railway was again brought before the public to- day by an intimation that a sample of the ballast had been sent to the Government assay office. The dispute arose as to the ceme t taken, as at the time a crushing in the Beward battery returned 7dwt. Hence an action was filed by the Monte Chriato management against the Government. Since the filing, however, the cement has been found to benot worth crashing. - It would be a pity (says 4 Truth') to leave the following flowers of speech to blush unseen in the columns of a country paper. I cull them from the report of the utterances of one J. H. Clarke in proposing a toast at the annual dinner of the Gainsborough Working Men's Club. Perhaps it is only just to add that Mr Clarke is not one of the working men:—Alluding to the Fashoda difficulty he said England showed the Powers that she had a navy that could swallow the d lot of them. Our lads lived on beet and d good bacon—(laughter)—and when it came to the point they could fight and fight like the devil. (Laughter.) There was no mistake about the men so long as they did not take too much booze, and he hoped none of'them did that. (Laughter.) The British army was all O.K., and no nation in the world could compare with it for discipline.' " ' " ; The 'Matin' publishes some interesting extracts from an article which Mr Stead will shortly publish in the ' Beview of Reviews.' The article Bays that the Emperor Nicholas II is deepl> imbued with a sense of what he oweB to the pooier classes. With regard to Great Britain, the Czar is animated with nothing bnt goodwill towards that conntry. He brought back from India a genuine admiration for the manner in which the English administer their colonieB and dependencies, but he had, nevertheless, observed that there existed a yawning abyss between governing and governed in India, and had seen with sorrow that colonisation might sometimes reduce itself to the supplying of alcohol and other causes of demoralisation to the natives. Bis Majesty regards the partition of China with a feeling of borror. The German occupation of Kiao-Ghau, and the fear of seeing Great Britain take possession of Port Arthur, induced him to foreetal them, bnt he has never ceased to regard the occupation as a bitter necessity, and if Great Britain would adopt the policy of the open door in China no one would rejoice more than theCzat, Nicholas II. The facts and fictions of the Druce case were anticipated by an unsolved mystery of one of the wealthiest and most ancient famiUea. Over half a century ago, shortly after the Edinburgh and Glasgow railway was opened, a train was deliberately wrecked by a party of roystering young gentlemen. One was a notoriously reckless Irish peer, and tfgpther the head of a Scotch family. Through aristocratic influence, the latter was allowed to escape to the Continent, and his death was shortly afterwards announced. Bis supposed body was brought from France in an oak soffin, and deposited in the family vault. This pnt a stop to a prosecution, for which the pnblic clamoured, and the heir of the' deceased' laird came into the property. For many years the estate was heavily charged for a liberal annuity to a gentleman in France who had befriended the * deceased.' It iB sad to add that, a few weeks after \his coming of age, the young laird was thrown from the box of his coach and killed. Mr C.M'Bowall will sell this afternoon by auction /a draught mare, harness, and tipdray, without reserve. An advertisement elsewhere notifies that Mr Justice Stone bas appointed Mr Hector Perkins official liquidator of the Australia Ltd. Eighty thousand pounds is the estimated value of the pipe which the Shah of Persia smokes in public on state occasions. It iB called '11 Kalidin,' and i* entirely encrusted with diamonds, rubies, pearls, and emeralds. \- The secretary to the Western Australian International Mining and Industrial Exhibi- tion invitee tenders for fencing, painting, and distempering (labor only) the annexes, and for the services of a mechanical engineer One of the applicants to the Northampton Board of Guardians, a woman, who had been in receipt of out-relief for years, stated that her husband, whom she had believed dead, and had not seen for 26 years, had jnst returned. She for years believed herself a widow, and admitted that had she had an offer of marriage she would certainly have accepted it. When the; met neither at first knew the other. Now that the United States have started on the road to becoming a great naval Power (says a Washington correspondent^, the authorities propose to guard a great deal more thoroughly their naval secrets. Here' tofore they have been very open in commnni eating to foreign attaches their plans; bat the Navy Department has issued a regula tion to the eSect that foreign attaches are to be permitted to obtain information only through the Office of Naval Intelligence, Biscrimmination willbe exsroiawl as to^hat 