NATtJRA-LIST. AN ADVENTURE WITH ELEPHANTS Elephant -aatohintr has long been prac tised in the North-Eastern dtattiots. The most eucoessfnl man was Mr Sanderson, but a good deal 'of that' *trtn due to the system introduced by his predecessor, Mr Nuttall, and to his having acted on' the ad vice of the late 'Captain' Williamson, ' to commence operations in the G&rrow; country, the old grounds' having been over-hunted, and also to his own great energy, and not interfering too much with his trained I aocompanied Mr Nattall in one of his last hunts — his health was then broken down from repeated attacks of fever, whioh led, a year or so afterwards, to his death. But he was most anxious to do his duty, and, know ing that I took great interest in everything oonneoted with .sport, he asked me to accom pany him. I wanted' him then to try the loot of the Garrow hills, bnt his arrange ments had already been made, and ve want into one ot his old beats In the Chittogong dietriot. ? 1 ? ? To oat oh elephants monttsofpreparati6n - are required. I oould not get away as'soon as I cxpeoted, and it w'as'dhly a ffew days before the final drive tdok plaoe that I j lined him. We Were toot very ancoeuful. In tho first keddah only twenty- seven and in the second only nineteen elephants wees caught, whioh soaroely pud for the expenses in curred ; but no blame oould be attached to the superintendent, for both he and his. head sergeant had been, and were still, off and on ill from 'malarialfever. The chief jemadar bad died, the second had been killed, whilst the third, who would have succeeded, had left the department and takea servioe with me some time before; so as the heads of the depart ment Were not . properly represented, the operations Buffeted. Elephant catching in keddahB has often been desoribed, and, but for a curiouB oirc'nmstfttioe which happened, I should not be now writing this article. T/ib herd we had surrounded was a very large* one, and' after two days' constant trouble ahd watohing by day and night', tha . gr^ater part of the animals had been 'driven., into the re-entering angle of the keddah, when there waa a great disturbance ahead, ' and' the leading files Tialtefl and bhowed signs' of hreakihg baok. We foand it was. caused by a tiger, who bad got into the stookade and was endeavouring to get back into the jnngle. Mr Nattall was aroused' from his sick bed, nd, looking very feeble, took command, and every available man and beast was pushed to the front to induoe the recalcitrant beasts to 'continue th«ir flight within the enclosure. They were driven forward onoe ortwiae, but rushed book in 'a panic on hearing the gutteral roar of the tiger, who Was just in side the paling in a clamp of long gtass. I went some distanoe hh'ead and oliintod' up a tree that overlooked the interior, with the view of slaying Mr Stripes, bht I oould not get a glimpse of him. But he most have left his post to try if he oonld find another exit, and during this interval the roaring oeased, and we managed to get twenty-seven adult elephants, five tufkera, two miohnas, fifteen well-grown females, and five three parts grown youngsters, besides about four oalves, well inside. The brnte just then roared again, and the herd inside right about faced, and the people, fearing that it might esoape, barred the entrance rather prema turely, for some dozen more elephants were tben dose by, and might have entered. The men on the lookont endeavoured to with draw the bars, bat jast then a succession of roars oanted a fearful panic, and all those not already entrapped forced their way baok and eaoaped. Nuttall had to retire almost in an nnoonsoious state, and, as I was a stranger, I had no control over the keddah men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were with me. Onoe a herd is entrapped, everything should be kept as quiet as possible., Kres are lit outBide, and men armed with apeara and blazing torches stationed ontside'; while the animals must not be irritated. But that oonfounded tiger wonld not be qaiet, neither could he esoape, so he kept them on the qui , vive the whole night. If the oaptives are I left in peace for a few hours they settle down and get reoonciled to their fato. Aa soon aa it was daybreak I asked Nattall if I should go inside on a Btaunoh elephant and en deavour to ehoot the feline, bat he thought it was better not to do so ; and now that it was daylight, he thought the tiger wonld find a loophole and escape. I was jast retiring to my tent to bathe when there was a greater row than ever, ind the jemadar begged me to oome with him, and he would show me a tree whenoe I oonld pot the tiger — because, if he was allowed to disturb the herd muoh longer, he was sure they would rush at the barred entrance in a body and escape. I went 'at once and took np my position. I could' see a great commotion going on, but could not seen any portion of I tile tiger. The roaring of the beaBt and the trumpeting of the elephants were inoessant the herd were gathered in a cluster, with their taib almost touching the stookade, en deavouring to get away as far as possible from a dump Of grass. I was thinling 0{ firing into the grass, when I saw a large tusker rush forward, and with a vigorous kick with his forefoot, be sent a brindled mass flying, and, following np his opponent qniokly, he threw him weir into the 'air. As he fell the tueker got him between his legs and commenced to play football, kicking the straggling brute forward with his hind legs and baok with his fore, and I knew all would soon be over. The tiger'a roara degenerated into half roars, half growls, whioh wore all but overpowered by the acreama of the elephants, who in cboras created a din whioh could be heard many miles off, and whioh were taken up and re-echoed by our tame elephants. This brought poor Nuttall off hia sick bed ; but the tragedy was all bat finished. The tiger, with a dying effort, got hold of the elephant's foreleg just above the foot ; the pachyderm gave one prolonged eoream, then, shaking off the fnoubus, span dear, and with lightning speed knelt on his opponent, who soon-gave np the ghost. Ths enraged monster lifted him np and threw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, and in a few minntes kioked and trampled the tigei into the dirt, leaving no semblanoe of Mb ever having been the king of beasts. Even after it was evident that there waa no life left in their fee, first one elephant and then another would run forward, and after administering a kiok, qniokly retire, giving atteranoe to hia valediotory address. We doubled guards over the stookade for two days, and as the imprisoned 'beaata had had no water and bnt such fodder aa we threw into them, they were greatly subdued, and we had no difficulty in tethering them one by one and leading them to a plaoe where there was plenty of .water and fodder. Aa wecAald not remove the skin of the tiger for nearly three daya, it eventually . spoilt ; bnt when we got the body of the tiger oat, it was wonderful to see what little damajre had been done to the skin, thongh of course the body was most offensive. 'After being WBBhed and pegged oat, -no one wonld. have guessed what a violent death the beast had met, bnt the hair peeled off, and as a trophy the skin was useless. - : ' v. . Our second vesture was even legs strooefes ful, and quite uneventful. . Poor Nnttall soon afterwards died, exhausted :by thirty years' residence -n this malarial and pesti lential portion of oar possessions— bat a!ter doing hiB doty like a man.— -F. T. Pollo*, 