COMPLETE STORY. [now rmsr tuelisiied.] BEAD-LOCK WITH A SKELETON KEY, W. W. FENN, Author of ''.Blind Man's Holiday," Twixt the Lights," ic. |ail eights eeskeved.] dfljT T FI.nST.7olm cftfh Crr*:on said he knew little * * or nothing about the Iioufc. except that it wan built in 2099. Then, after fumbling in his pocket for a minute, ho added, *' But I have some thing here which seeius to refer to it." He produced amongst some letters a handle of <Joscly written, ragged sheets of manuscript, as he continued "If any of you fellows have the patience to wade through this scribble, perhaps wo may find the beginning of some story about ir. It seems to he rather a startler too. irotu the mere glance I have had. It is written by a poor friend of mine, a p:»up:*r lunatic." ** Pauper lunatic!" "Well, if a man hasn't one penny to rub Against another, and hopes to better himself by * literary composition,? it is pretty evident, I think, my description is correct." " " Explain, explain 1" "What I say explains itself, and a good deni more to my mind. •• David D a vane and I were schoolfellows. I adopted architecture, he poetry and fiction : heboid the result, I am getting more business than I can attend to, be can't earn enough to beep him out of the workhouse, conse quently I have had to do so, and now I have paid his passage to Melbourne, where, be declares, he is sure to make a forfuno by the pen. Two nights ago he came up to town, half-starved, to join his ship at the docks this morning, and I gave him u shako down in that same old house in Rasselas street that I'm going to pull down in a fortnight. I couldn't take him in at my diggings ; indeed, bo professed to prefer ' the weird solitude of the deserted tenement,' as be called it, to moro refined accommodation. I banded him tbo key, therefore, the night beforo last. I suppose lie used it accordingly, and has departed. At any rate, to my surprise, I've not heard of him since ; but this afternoon, on my return from the country late, I found with my letters, this precious bundle of rubbish in his handwriting, but without a word of explanation. My cierjr nan ieic. what it ail mean.": I hare not the faintest idea, except that it seems to refer to the old house. I've not had timo to examine it. See if any of you can understand it.M The four friends and brother architects, seated round the table in which they had been dining: at a city cliophouse, proceeded slowly and with difficulty to read the manuscript in question. The sheets deciphered at last, and placed in order, yielded the following*result:— DAVID DUVANE'S JLVNUSCRIPT. The honsc is condemned as unsafe. It is to : come down immediately. Yet to the woe ( begone, poverty-stricken wretch that I am, tho offer of its shelter, the last night I shall ever spend in England, is not to he despised. : Gladly, therefore, have I accepted the little ; half- furnished room on the second floor back, ; put at my disposal by that friend of my youth, John Crcston, who, as architect, is • going to build a new block on the site. The ) crumbling, ricketty old tenement is empty, '( save for a few '* slicks" left in the second I floor back. \ When I cutrred it with the key John gave •- mc, tho hour was 8 p.m. The mouth being ; August, tho weather was sultry and close, / nud the mnrky gloom settling down on the ' city obliged me to strike a match to find the . stairs. These creaked and srroaned at every step, fallen plaster and grit crunched beneath' i each footfall, the scurrying of rats caught the car 011 all sides, ana echoed through the silence with a weird aud ghostly effect" whilst tho dusty, musty smell was oppressive in the extreme. Aly worldly belongings were . nearly all contained in tho bag I brought with ine, and when I reached the room, and flung myself upon the ri' kotty couch, I felt utterly depressed and done. After what I had lately gone through in iny extremity, it was to me a bed of roses. So abject indeed was my condition, that but for John's kind ness I* might have had to spend that very nightbeneath the stars. The dim glow from the •trcct lamps lighted the room suffieientiy to chow its extreme dclapidation, and enabled me to note conspicuously a huge crack in the wall beside the rusty fireplace, running from floor to ceiling, and wide enough to insert the Augers. I hut saw itautomntically, however. It suggested nothing to me, aud I was too tired "even to move away tho head of the conch which stood beside it. Sleep ! sleep! I craved nothing but sleep, and within a minute of lying down, blessed oblivion over took mo. A distant church clock striking twelve, followed my first drowsy awakening. The roar of the neighbouring Oxford street had sunk into a murmur, but in a minute it seemed to swell again into louder tones. Ah! it was not tho traffic—it was thunder, distant but deep. Presently a vivid flash lighted the room as clear as day, and in a minute the storm broke in earnest right overhead, shaking the house to its foundation. The whole fabric trembled, and there succeeded ominous cracking noises, abore, beside, all round me. A Jittlo shower of plaster and dust foil upon my face, and scattered on the floor. Beyond murmuring a thanksgiving that I was at least beneath a roof, I paid no hoed, mid the renewed, ever-increasing din of the elements served but to lull me to sleep again. When next I woke tho fury was still un abated. The rain raid hail heat against the window, tho lightning flashed incessantly, and Jove's cannon still made night hideous with their uproar. I stretched, and turned slightly, face towards the wall. Fatigue again was on the point of mastering all thought or anxiety, when in a dreamy kind of way I seemed* to become aware that the gaping rift iu the wall, beside the couch, was gaping wider than ever. Mechanically, and still as in a dream, I put n hand out to touch it. Yielding to tlio slight pressure,"* a piece of brick gave war. In stantly another followed, and then two or three whole bricks, and, before I was thoroughly awake, one entire side of the wall bulged^ and topping outwards, of course, fell iu a cloud of dust, niiueled with heavy masonry, right across my prostrate body. Fortunately, none hit my bead or face,' but mv anus were pinioned, and ere I bad time to struggle oil the couch, tuoro debris hurtled: forward, and somo strange, cold, bony sub-! stance was left lying on my month. To add to the dazed niglitmare-like confusion of my braiu, the loudest clap of thunder I ever heard hurst over the uouso at this instant, and the wholu room was, as it were, ablaze with lightning. As the echoes died away thoy left silence, and, by comparison, dark ness, deadly, ghost-like. Half-blinded, deafened, and terror-stricken, uncertain whether it was not all hut a dream, I lay for a moment incapable of thought or movement/ Wonder alone filled my mind as sense re turned—wonder that the houso was still standing. Yet hero it was, and hero was I lying with a great weight across my chest. The dim ray from the street lamps still faintly illumined the room. It fell strongest upon the ugly gap in tho wall beside rao; it also fell on—what!—on what—horror!— yes, honor such as I had never experienced till now, possessed roe, as turning my eyes upon the aperture I saw the skeleton of a human being protuding, and with one of its bony arms and hand stretched out upon my face! The skull, with its eyeless sockets, seemed to glower at ine, and the dreadful thing, though in reality upheld by the re mainder of the wall, lopped forward, and looked as if it was about to stoop and embrace mo. As soon as I realised tho fact, by a desperate effort of which hitherto I had seemed incapable, I managed to release my self from my covering of fallen brick-work, and from the contact of those hideous fingers Once upon niy feet, and with a growing jonviotion that I had thus accidentally brought to light some shocking myvtery, my mind grew steadier, and I began slowly con sidering what it were best to do. Clearly some hapless human being had been bricked up, probably alive, in that piece of the wall, 1 Iui * and had there remained in close proximity to the surging tide of living, breathing humanity that must liavc ebbed and flowed in that room for, ah! how many years?—two hundred, perhaps, for John told me the house bad been erected in 165)5). Is it that I have come upon some deadly mystery ? Assuredly I must discover more if possible. It may prove usoful. Dawn breaks. The ruling passion—the love of my art impels me, before all otber consideration?, to take advantage of this weird occasion. I see ill it pages of copy salable cony. Knowing the necessity of never allowing an inspiration to cool, I descend to a small room ou the grouud door, und hastily scrambling some rough sheets of paper together from the writing material in my bag, I sqnat myself upon the floor, and on my lap have "scribbled down the outline of | this remarkable experience as given above, while it is yet fresh anon me. It will want strengthening and working up afresh, but ere I quit the house and make my way down to the docks, and bid adieu to London for ever, I will again creep tip to the second-floor back, and in cool blood take one more and a flnnl look at the room—my last bedroom in the old country. I will go at once, these notes will be safe here till I return. David Dunvanc's manuscript ended here, and when tho four friends seated round the table at the city chcphouse had finished it, they gazed at each other for a minute or two in silence. They were all impressed, but jnst as a smile was beginning to run round it was checked by the abrupt entrance of John Crcs ton's clerk. " Ah! 3Ir. Crestcn," he cried, " I hoped I should catch you here. A terrible fhtnir lias ( happened. The old house, No. C Ra^ela* j street, Oxford street, has suddenly collapsed, j 23 I expected it would. Camodowii, the greater part of it, with a tremendous crash about half an hour ago, and apparently with I very little warning. The whole of tbs two upper storeys have given way bodily, and fallen partly iuto the street, which is blocked, i Luckily nobody was parsing, hut they say one person who was in the house was hurt J seriously, and was taken off to the Middlesex I Hospital. The police came round to me, and j I thought I had better hud you." I The speaker's eye here fell upon the nvinu- i script lying on the table before his excited listener, and he hurriedly added, 44 Ah ! I sec you have been reading that queer story. I "took the liberty of doing so when I fouud it. I wonder if it's true, and if it refers to anything that happened to your friend, Mr. Dnvane, in the house itself. I fancy it does." " Why, what makes yon think so! "Because having to go with the men this morning to clear out the last sticks of furni ture left ia the second iloor hack, we bad to tret in by the window of the little ground floor parlour, for your friend never returned the key of the front door." " Well, what of it r" hastily asked Creston. 44 IVhy, the first thing we saw was jour. friend's hag near the window, and beside it on the floor a ponuy pot of ink without the cork, a broken quill pen, and these sheets scattered around. We put them together, and I laid them wiih your letters. They seemed to have been freshly written." 44 Yes, yes, but what's this got to do with the house ? " 14 This, sir, I think, for on going upstairs treconld not above the first floor, the ceiling and stairs above that wore all broken | away, and blocked up the landing, I suppose the storm the night before last brought that iot down, so that it made it easy for the rest of the fabric to follow this afternoon. Any way we couldn't get up any higher. . As you were out of town I thought I'd better wait before doing anything." " But haven't you seen or heard of my friend ? ■'' 44 No, sir, and if yon ask me, my belief is that it was he who was taken to the Middlesex. ; I believe he couldn't get down, any more than wc could get up. "We called and shouted, but nobody answered. Still I believe he was up there, perhaps dead. His last written words on that manuscript state his intcntiou of going up again to have a list look at the -eerie of his adivnuire." 44 This is an extraordinary notion of yonw, but here, I must go off to the place at once. Yon must go round to the contractor's forth with, and we must have the street deaied at any rate." 11 Yes, sir, accident ward, sir, bed 3-5—case of David Duvane, bronght in this afternoon— severe contusions, fracture of right leg and left arm. &c.;—found half-buried among ruui3 of old house No. 6 Rasselns street, A'c.— yes, «-ir, that must be the case you mean." Thus fa effect, the janitor at the Middle sex, in reply to John Crestoa's inquiry. A little later be is seated at the beds-ide of his friend, David Duvane, who is saying, "Every word I have written on thow sheets, John, is true. It all came about precisely as there described. I shall turn it to account some day; meanwhile let mc finish the facts as they happened when I went upstairs again. " The storm bad already shaken down loose masses of wall and ceiling on the staircase, and I bad difficulty fa picking my way to the second floor back. There, however, was the skeleton, still much as I had left it, craning forward, and upheld by the slenderest sup port—a touch would have brought it crumb ling forward into the room. My first sunnisa was clearly correct. A human being had been entombed there, bricked up, probably alive—hideous thought! Near the feet, however, as though they might have slid down of their own weight from the garment* fa the course of natural decay, lay several articles—a long dirk, a pair of shoe hackly . and some coins. They were all in oy trouscr pocket*, I believe, the nurse will show them to you. I collected and put them thorn when I had examined them. The coins you will see, arc of the reign of William III. uni Queen Anno. 44 Well, after gathering these facts with profound interest, I prepared ones more t* descend, with the intention of picking up my traps and the MS., which I had left in th<* little lower room, and going straight to you. As I reached the landing, and holding by tufc banisters began to descend the stairs, the weight of my first footstep seemed to bring about the catastrophe. The staircase gavj way bodily, and tell with mc in an over"' whelming heap upon the floor below. I felt my leg crack, and a moment afterwards I was struck on the arm-and head, and lost consciousness. In point of fact I was well nigh buried alive myself. I remember little more till I found myself here, and I am told that I was discovered anioug-t the talleu ruins of that part of the house which had toppled over into the street. "There's my story, John; make what you can of it. As I say, I hare found a clue to some terrible mystery." 44 Truly," interposed Crcston. 14 It would be very difficult after this lapse of time to traco the history of the crime, or, in fact, of tho house. When built it was in tbc country, and the fringe of the Oxford road thereabouts in those days, and for many years after, was of evil repute; the haunt of footpads, high waymen, and worse. Impossible to say to what purposes tho house may have been turned in its iiiue. No, my boy, it's one of those mysteries of London that can't be cleared up, and it ends fa a deadlock." The ho.'-pital patient raised himself slightly frorn his bed, and looking towards bis friend excitedly exclaimed: "Capital! 4A Dead Lock* is the title for the story as it stands.'' "Yes," answered Creston. smiling.:i '"with a Skeleton Key1 that won't opeu it." j David Duvane did not go to Australia I His luck turned with that adventure in Raa I sclas street, and from it he dates the success as a writer which seems to have attended him ever since. London has 200,000 cooks and servant maid*. 