Local and General News. Our loading Watohmaker and Jeweller, Mr. J. E. Robinson, is now showing tho very la est deeigns in Gold Brooohcs, Muss Obulnu, Pen dants, Links and Bangles. Largo selection of Engagement Rings, Wedding Rings, Ac. Tho stock of artioles suitable for Wedding Presents is both larao and varied. As a manu- facturing Watchmaker, J. E R. oan bo relied on for tbe best class of Euglish Lover Watobos. The wollknown " Burnett" Watohis asplon- did timekeeper and wondorful value for 20e. Alarm Clocks 5/6, 8-Day Olooks frotn 15/6. Best quality, largest etook, lowest prices, J.E.j Robinson, Watchmaker and Jeweller. Note. — This establishment is next John Hunter's Boot i'aiaoo. Mr. 8; A. Liodeman, . after a two. months' absooeo in Now 0outh Wales, re turned to Bundaborg yosterday morning, looking greatly improved by bis holiday. Muoh o! bis timo was spent in tho Ploton, Camden, and Patterson distriots, wbioh aro among tbo loading dairying oontres of tho oolony, and aB Mr Lindeman is an observant traveller, he bas acquired a good deal of in formation thai) will bo of value to tbo chare- holders of tbo looul factory. Visiting Sydney, ha inspected tho many creameries, as well as the splendidly equipped f&otory; at Camden Park, wbioh is ouo of the oldest established and largest ostatos in New 8outh Wales. At this plaoe tbo wbolo of tho operations in oon neotion with tho dairying industry are oarried on on tbe sbaro system, the proprietors of tho estate supplying cattle, land, and buildings, and tbo termors' labor and attendance, tho latter parties to tbo oontraot receiving about 40 per cent of the gross turn-over as their share. The huge concern is worked on up-to-date lines, and all oonnooted with it express entiro satisfaction with the modus operandi. ThOv, Fresh Food and loo Co.'s establishment, as well as that of tho Farmors and Dairymen's Supply Oo., woro also visitod, and yariouB points in oonneotion tharowith " mado a note ol" as Captain Cuttle was wont to observe. On the Pattorson rivar a model Uttle laotory was Inspected,' at whioh tho out put is five tons wookly, and every thing work ing with great smoothness and satisfaction to overybody concerned. Whilst at Onmden Park Mr.Lindeman took the opportunity of visiting the Government etua dairy hard, which aro locaiea at lurKuam. ixuiuug luu strains kept there are Durham3, Ayroshires, Holsteios— tho Utter a recent importation to the colony, and the largest dairy oattio tbo visitor has over soon — Jerseys, Alderneys, Kerrys, and Dextor Kerrys. Thoso have been Introduced by tbo Government of tho mother ooluny with tbo view of improving the herds- of their dairymeo, and havo beon soleoted from tho finest strains in the old country. Our dressmaking department is still under superior management, giving unbounded satisfaction. Tbon onr dress stuffs hereto fore wo have always had a groat assortments bnt this Boason outdooa thorn all. J. S. Cullinanb Oar Isis correspondent informs us that ornshiog operations will have com menced 'ere the present month is oat. The Colonial 8ugar Company will begin about the 18th, Doolbl on tbe 26th, and Koookroe about the middle of July. The crop will be a fairly good one, and the donsity bettor than laBt year. Goi# Brooohos from 5s Od to £10. Largest) stock 'of jewotiofy in tho distriot. — J, E. Robinson (next door to John Hunter's boot shop). Mr. T. H. Hill has been appointed oano inspector for tho Gin Gin Oentral Mill, and will aommonoe- his duties forthwith. With Mr W. Hindmarah, as general manager for tho oompany, and Mr J. L. Heydn, as chief engineer, this mill should in future show good results commensurate with tho inade- quata tramway servioe, which will always be a drawback to the highest results hoing obtained. Piano Lamps, Polished Nickel. Mozart Musio Stools, elegant and durable.— J. Mc\o- leod, Jeweler, &o.; An extraordinary meeting of the shareholders in the Bundaberg Go Operative Dairy Oompany will be held in Ourtis and M'Intosh's rooms on Friday next, at 10 a.m. Now is tho timo to soouro good ruga, fahoy stripes from 4s lid ; ' now jacquered rugs 6s Od and 8s 6d ; Australian rugs; -very large,' 9s 6d and 12s Gd. J. S.'Collinanb. A welcome meeting was held in the Maryborongb'-stroet MelbodiBt Obnroh last ovening. After dovotional exeroises,1' Mr 0. Powers took tbe chair, 'and was supported by tho Revs. J. Bnejl, A." Hntohinson (chairman of the Wide Bay and Burnett distriots), I. Castlehow (Walla-strcct), and Wm. Brown (Nandab). Mrs Marsh sang, " Jessies Dream," Rev. J. Snell addressed the meet ing, and contributed -tho song, "The Bridges." The Bov. L Castlehow extended a hearty welcome, and expressed his pleasure at being present to moet a man for whom ho bad tbo highest respeot. Rov. A. Hutohin- son gave tho address of the meeting, oooupy- ing somo twonty minutes, during whioh he dolivored somo good sound advice. The Rov. W. Brown, who was stationed in this distriot Borne eight years ago, aho addressed the meeting. Beveral hymns wero sung during the progress of the gathering, wbioh was dosed with tho usual doxology. D. M'Rae jun„ wishes to inform &!s num erous friends and tho public generally that ho has taken ovor tho business reoently oarried on by his brother, K; M'Rae, at North Bundaberg, aod invites a continuance of the patronage so liberally bestowed on his pre decessor. The usual meeting of the Loyal Mulgrave Lodge, No. 10, I.O.O.F., was held in the Oddfellows' Hall last night, Bro. T. Paterson, P.N.G., in the chalr, the attendance being rather meagre. Sick pay was voted to one member. Two candldates were installed and one proposed, and the correspondence was dealt with. Bros. Arrowsmith, Sheridan, Mabbott, and Crowe were nominated for the office of N.G., and Bros. Mayes, Roebuck, Court, Hort, and Svenson for Y.G. D.D.G.M, Bro. Sherrington presented the lodge with a flag pall. The programme being instrumen- tal music an enjoyable half-hour was spent in listening to an improvised band, composed of piano, flute, and four brass instruments. Receipts, £14 10s. Blankets— 50 pairs only left, $ size, Imitation Tasmanlan blamcots, 7s Od por pair, doubte bod size, 9s lid per pair. - J. 8. Culunanb.® At the Police Oourfc on Monday, beforo tbo Police Magistrate (Mr TboB. Mowbray). Ellen Forrester, for obscene language, wou' fined IQa or 24 hours. On a obargo of borso-atealing, Walter Birks was romaodod to tbo 7th instant. William Andrews, for using obscene laoguage, was fined £2 10i, In default fonrteon days' im prisonment. Patriok Moran, a drunk and disorderly, was lined 103 or 24-hours in the oells. John Charley, a Ciugaleo, on remand for vagrancy, wa<, on aonviotion, sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment. Robert Thompson Harvoy, alias Fmsor, charged with non-payment of an order for tbo sup port of bis children, on undertaking to keep the Clerk of Potty Sessions advised of his address,' was disobarged. Yoatorday, Armath Don, aOingQ|b0)'Qharged with vagrnuoy/.wa's sentenced to two mqntW' gaol, \y|th hard labor. Gold watohes for ladles from £8 to £20 , ellvor ditto, from 26a. Largo stook of gold ana suvor cnatns.— J. ifotnoBon watob maker. Oar: South Kolaa oorresponaont : writes under date 2nd Juno:— A gpcoml moot- ingot tho South Kolan branoh ot tho Bun daborg Planters' and Formera' Association wag hold in tho hall on Tuoodn, ovoning, May 80. Prosont: Mcsorn. W. Harvoy (In the ohair), Simonsoo, Johnoon, Martinson, Mnckrlll, Whalloy, W. G. Gibson, F. 0. Roe- buok, T. Plndor. and G. W. Nixon (sooro- . tary). -Tho business ot- tho-ovoniog was to oleot'offlcQ.boarors tor Iho ensuing term, and tha following wero appointed Mr F. 0. Roobuok, nroeidont ; Mr W. Harvoy, vice- - president ; Mr J. Whalloy, secretary ( Mr J. Maokrill, treasurer ; Messrs Wm. Gibson and G. W. Nixon. Moved by Mr Whalloy, secoodod by Mr Pinder, and oarried,—" That . tbe chairman of tho Gooburrum Board bo requested to attend' to tho road oulsido tha Birthamba railway gatoa." Tho balance- sheet ot tho ProgroM Assooiation waa read and adopted, and this finishes up tho old Progrooe Assooiation. Tho now Association starts undor tho rules of tho Bnndaberg Planters' and Farmers' Assooiation from tho 1st of Juno, 1809. A notlco of motion nas tabled by Mr Boobaok for next mooting. Silver Initial Hot Pins, all. lottors, 8/ .-ot Moolood, jowollor, oto. The kotoh Lorim Doone, whioh' arrived hero on Monday, oncounterod a rather eovore gale ot the North West Island, tbo now headquarters ol tho Paoifio Island Oompany, but oamo through it lortunatoly . with but little sorions injury. ' Tq-dav, Ourtle and M'lntoeb, Ltd., will . sell at thoir rooms, at 11 o'olook, 60 aoros, . Ilnlkio, end a tour-roomed cottage' at East , Bundaberg, by older of tho administrator ot ' tho estate ol tho Into Goorge Davenport. The regular meeting of the " Y " Uoion will bo held in tho Wnlla-etreet Moihodiet Ohuroh at 8 p.m. to-morrow. (Thursday). As tha delegatoa for the .. W.O.T.U. Distriot Oontorooce, to be held on July 4 and 6 in uympto, nro so no uppouuea, a full attondanoo Is requested. An anti-Federation League was formed in Bundaberg on Sunday laBt by - tho W.P.O., and will be affiliated with the - main body in tho metropolis. The successful tenderer for the ereo- . Hon of the fioo now two-storied hotel for Mr W. H. M'Oann at Gladstone is Mr A. 0.' - Boylo, of this town. Ths oontraot pries ie jast Ineido £1800, and tho work will bo oarried out undor tho supervision of Mr F. H, Fairoloth, arohltoot. : . Kavok. — A largo shipment just reoeived of the best Samarang Kapok direot from tho produoors. Per halo, 8d. lb.; open Btook, 9d. por lb.— J. S. Oollihahe. The annual tea-meeting in connec tion with the rosoue work of tho Salvation Army, whioh took place in tho Queen's Theatre on Monday ovening, waa a most pronounced eucoess, and afforded ample ovidonco ot tho approaiatlon of our towns- . people ol the splondid work being done by tho ofilaers and mombers ol the Army in the lowest strntum of our social lifo. Ae has beon ouetomery In connection with this annual demonstration tho too tables woro provided by tbe dilferont oburohes. and wero preBlded over as follows Ohuroh of England, Mob? 'dames Kilnor and Mowbray; Presbyterian, Aire Maakonz's; Msryborough-stroot Metho'r diet, Mcsdamos Thorpe and Pinch; Walln- strcot Methodist, Airs Tottsn. Noedtess to soy thoy woro ably assisted by many willing workors. At tbo public mooting, whioh cam- mnnnorl flhfirtlv nflfip ft n'fllnnk. hin Wnrshln tbo Mayor (Aid. R. Totten) presided, and with bim on tbo platform woro Brigadier Horokins, Major Gallant, Adjutant Bull, and . tbe Revs. J. Maokenzio, I. Castlehow, and J. N Snell. After devotional exercises and a real salvatiou song led by Major Gallant, Mrs Marsh contributed a solo in hor usual oapti- - voting style. Tho chairman, in tho oourso of a short though pointed address, eulogised tho Army for the magnificent work thoy had done in the .way of reel-riming fallen men and women. Brigadier Horeklus fo lowed, and outliacd tho history and methods ot tho resoue workers of the Salvation Army. He was followod by Major Gallaut, and the various clergymen present. The addrosios wero interspersed with solos, and a most) suc cessful meeting was brought to a oloso shortly after 10 p.m. Persons who wish to borrow monffy at reasonablo rates of interest, and with low in oidental ohargos, should' nail on Mossrs, Gartle and Mlntosb, Ltd., who have clients ready to m&bo; immediate advances on free hold aoaurity. Oh I that limine enemy would write a book 1" But prohibitive publishing prices always forbid us hoping for suoh a thing, therefore, perhaps, a more modest and easily- realisable wish would be " that mine enemy would write to tbo newspapers." For tho virtue of cold, hard type, — wbioh meanB nothing but what is stamped upon its faoe— passes unrecognised by many until confronted by 'its strong, indubitable, matter-of-faotness. It is when one's thoughts appear in print that tho analytical eyo of tho readorgets fairly to business ; and all too oftoo this but means another shattered idol is .gout to join its sis ters, cousins and aunts of varying periods ot decease. No, it is not always wise for ovon the orally great to requisition the sorvices of printer's ink, as the dull, formal, " typified" representation of their most impassioned thoughts is robbed of tho eloquence "of ceaseless flow," tbo teei&l; earnestness and the telling gesturo, which accompany tho noblest flights of tbo spenkor, All this ia apropos of a nowspapor controversy whioh has been raging for somo weeks past between our con temporary and a looal member of the' cloth, consequent upon a oourse of addresses delivered by tho latter on " Sooial Contrasts.'! Our con/rereot tbe pen has takon a decidedly matter-of-fact and unsentimental view of life, pointing out tho necessity of the 'restridtiohs and punishments placed upon wrong-doers, and, writing in this vein, he has raked his ad versary fore and aft. Ho of the.oioth, on the other hand, has been prcaohing the non-resis tance theory— which practically means that evil.doers be allowed to run riot at their own sweet will. Io opposition to tho dissemina. lion of suoh toaobings wo oortainly range our selves, as wo hold that where moral restraint is unequal to the task of preventing > off onoes against tbe laws of tho land! then a correc tive must bo administered, and this we have in the penal establishments of ail oivilised countries. We should indeed bo a happy people if bank managers oould invito all and sun dry to examine tboir stacks of sovereigns without tho neocssity of taking "tally" after- ' wards ; or policemen only existed ns relies of by-gone barbarouB days ; or billheads wero no longer necessary in tho land ; or olergymon bad not to bo constantly exhorting us to deal fairly and above board ; or— but why con tinue to onumerato tbo evils to be removed, for this old'world, weighed down by nineteen oenturies of sin, would require to be thoroughly washed, boiled and hung out to dry oro tbo rov. gentleman's teaohings could have a ghost of a show of being put into prac tice. 