DURING THE NIGHT. I have an affinity for awkward predica mtene., and to submit to what is popular ly known as an "experienrce" is-if not ex natly my daily lot in life-my very fre quent fate. For the one that I am about to describe I paid half a crown. The sen sations that that half a crown brought to me were in excess of what I had an ticipated, and strained.evety nerve in my body. Yet I am not a fool, and, no one is in his own estimation. 'Twas a November day- the time nine o'clock in the evening. I was in a Lon don street. and had just viewed to my satisfaction a bow window in which was hung up a card with "Apartments to Let" printed on it. WVith the knowledge that I wanted a led for the- night, and with the card before me, what could be more natural and within the ordinary lot of man than to ascend the flight of steps that lay before me, knock. ring, enter, and s-cure a bed for half a crown, paid in advance? To my mind there was such a plethora of vulgar incident in this that I remema.r tile transaction but dimly. That I was received by a landlady (she was middl,-- aged. I think). and escorted by her to a comfrn.rtalble bedroom on the secnd floor; that I was -lft there with p'rn :and ink: that I called for s.-me writ ing lia!ter, and was waited upon liy a girl, whol said that she would ask her father f,:"r -ote: that wihen sht hiad brought it t., me I wrote sever-l'al letters, and after ward we-nt to Ihed--all this is fixe-d vague ly in my nmemnory Iy its sitnilitude to man!:y anl-ther ni-ht tha.t I have passed unl,: hired f,- ,. Thlee there cimles a bla?:::. :. hiich ''v's into memo:nry again .itu the- luaguh''s sound ,?if a lprol .ged he.l-a do,?s. i dt c- dat!k. So dark that the curtained wilnd-;iV a/ my room offered but the faint est suggestion of the fog-swathed light without. Again and again the oppressive silence and heavy gloom around me were i inten.itied to nmy semi-consciousness by the howl without dying down to a whim per. to extinction. A- nervous feeling took possession of me, and fed upon the dark n-ss. I sat up in bed. and drew a long breath rto free myself of Its incubus. " har wa'--s there foul with the night that it canm so h-avily to my lungs? For the m::r.rn: I was puzzled, but only for the ma,-,n-nt. . \n, then, half-suffocated. I ejau ateti: "'t i. gas; there is all escape Viith at wa.ve of my arnm. I threw the bthel.,-,'-s t, o, t- side . and with an eager ! le ..- i l o ot to the fliac. Then I stonid i::. id lt-hesitated. Should I ring. shnui. I c..ll "'No. I murrttered to lmy se!f.. is I r-fle:ted that it was more than prob'abl'- that tile servant w-,ul,1 strike a matcl in c',.ting to my rotom. 1esides, the e-,'ap . was perhaps inl my room. A step ar.l a gr.ape wioull tell mr. I felt cautiously. Not the tap was as it should be. Then th',ughtt lapsed into Instinct. and action supervened. I crept quickly to the doer, and, turning the key in its lock, V. ith the caution of a thief, and irin' '.:lg the door into the- blackness of my roi..mn, face-l the blackness that vaster lay outside it. Gently. gently, with a hat:l tr-uclling a cold wall, I cr]ept on wari and to the left. My fingers were caught by a projection; they passed it by ani sank into a hollow-'twas a door. I turned the. handle and whispered gent ly, but dtistinctiy, through the now half opene-d door: "It's I, Mr Snipe, the lodger. Don't strike a match. Thiere's an escape of gas. Tle house is full of it. Are you there': Do yoiu hear-' There's an es cape ,f gas-" ,No answer, but again thie dog howled, and alain I felt a nlerxousnerss C'lute' over me as I entered the room to feel for the bed. and found it--emlpty. In and out of the wallel blackness, to another room and another-empty. Then up the stairs, to right and left, and back again - no body. Do,,wn and down through the darkness, the ghost of light in a hall glass, with here a stumble and there a stumlite-to tile basemlent, warm and odorifcrous with kitchen odors, tained with gas. Verily, I and only I was in the house. Suddenly the dog ceased to howl and I heard the dripping of a watertap-drip, drip, drip. And with the fall of the water came to me a measure of time. and I thought again: "What does it meau.n, this empty, black house? 1Why is this stilling gas seething around me, and only me? Ah! there is a foul evil in the night-away and out, out of the house" - With a rush I fought my way up step by step to tile hall above, and groped toward the dim light shining pallidly through a narrow glass window above the door. "WYIll it be locked?" I thought fearfully to myself. "Is there not some thing following on my track?' I turned the handle and pulled, it fiercely toward me. The &iobr; yielded and I rushed into the open. "Anything wrong, sir?" and with the words came a broad flash of light which,. settling momentarily on my face, dropped as quickly to my bare feet and iback again. "Anything wrong, sir?" ' andl the voice drew closer, the light 1mashing past me into the dark hall behind. Then the outline of a helmet and cloak loomed darkly upon me, anid I found my voice in tile presence of a consta.ble of the "Yes. the house is full of gas. and they've gone. I might have been suf focated; perhaps they wanted to suffo cate me. I don't know-I--" "\iho've gone? What's their name?'" the constable interrupted abruptly. "The landlady - the landlord - the daughter. I don't know their names, blur look here, constable," and I proceeded to give my late "experience" to him in a woof of words. The man evidently did not know whllat interpretation to place upun eith,.r me or my story (and small ownrder. I hardly knew myself), but, extinguishing his lan tern, proposed that we research tlhe house together. This we did ca:.efully and cautiously. At the initial stage of our exploration we, or rather he, discov ered that the hall gas burner was turn ed on full, and the gas issuing from it at high pressure. "Might have been blown out by the draught," suggested the con stable as he turned Into a sittfig ioollm, which I had already searched, and threw open its windows to sweeten the atmos ohere. "Yes, it might," I assented, "es pecially if they left by the hall duo-r. which. by the way, was unbolted whezn I came downstairs." Dut, to make a long story a short one. there was nobhcdy in the hou:c. Not a liv.nt thing, with the ex-crptiotn of a dog chained up in the btack yard, whicth was surrounded, so far as \ve could S-o'. by Iigh walls. This. was the tpotr t,trule whoset mournful howling had first Ilrotl"c ci me. and that now seemed frantic- with joy at the delusive prospects of a social erlmina tion to his gloomy reflections. With the discovery of the dog and the yard our search ended,and the constablh ilnthot ' "i to me chat he shoald suntmmon tadtdtii,,n: assistance. A shrirf call en hins hica tl-! - from tilt hall door---tranitatet 1i'- r.c si.n into action, and' withJ thet arriv;:1 f another co;nstable upon th!e scene I \r.t called upon for a fresh fxplanationl. iTl'h? second official head threw no mlore ligi;t upon the case than the trst. but of'ftlrelt :t sug:-es..ion-"Let's kn.t uc tr, the o neigih bIts, pst r'al. they knoew iarnimat tltiut it." To hn' right and backh. : ld tha-n to the left we,?t that constatble. ttitt-a-tat, t;t a-tat!' went the knockers. 'p wetlt win dows, out came heads. "\Vtit r- tht,-er, '"WhatIat d'- want?. "\"h:it d'ye s:ay- who's my neighbor? What ne:ighbor what d'ye inean?" And then i.i oey olt,-n ed. and othtt'r d?oors caught th- iuf,-ecion. and tiihey lopened; in short. there wIts a Iretty "to d':" and a lhalf-lhdress a.!l cr. wiv iton shivered arlountl the steprs of No. 113.. I was quite harrie:l with thl.ir tl:ecs tione. I had nisoonelr arrivedt at ti'l elnd of onle :slries than I was Pllun.ge, iito, :tn other. I had ti-s sotoner .at ;ated i ,.-otudi \'idual's desire for knorwlte.tge thiar; I was called upon to feed sumn- on,.- tels,. Vhtether my brain and my temper :a,.utttl ha\\-e stood the strain very long I can'tt sayv. But I may add that this is a difli cult question to propound, evenl tto mty self. Happily I was extricated fro+m titie unpleasant situation by being led aot to the nearest police station to be detai:ned there pending furtLher inquiries. as thl re sult of those just made showed the ?rx istence of at local caste fct-lin tg wt]itch took ttno note of the exi-tence of the t- eu pantI of No. 113, antd it app?eatled tell to thie "Force" unild?e thise cir'cunmlstatrl:'s to holti me fast for the present. At the station I told th- inspector oni duty all about myself quiit. like a little bl,,y. Itut he did not alltear satisfiet, and muttered some wo?rd to himself that soundled to me like - 'usplicious," andl which resultet- in my t-eclusion. It was ]nut tetnlporlar:, as the rc-rult of thi. fur thter inquiries pIroved satisfactotry--to me. that is t, say. This was what they iprotcti: That my landady, my landlortd,. and the-ir ldaughter lihal i--ft then h:touse No. 11:;, and had hlft it in the night. That they had left it in the- n:ght, bhe catset- they were ill di itt ftor theilr furtlli ture (\thich w\as hired) and for their rent, anid because, iprc-stmca.ltly and by the evidencee of certain tr;zlesmen. they pos s-seed- n1o money to seth-tle those vulgar claitrms. To them my half-a-crown, paid in ad vancie, had been a half-tcrown. at least so (agtlin) it was Iresurned, for their iwhtereatbo-uts wa:s nevrer traced-. - "The Stleakt r." 