LITERARY NOTES. Mr. Richard Harding Davie, in The Cuban and Porto Rican Campaign, avers that the American soldiers could not get on without their tobacco. The men bo- foro Santiago, who were forced to go with out their stimulant for four days, suffered just ns greatly aa a dipsomaniac w£o is cut off from alcohol' With, a pipe a soldier can kill hunger, ho can forgot ho is wet and ex* hausted and sick with heat, ho can steady Jus noma against Jtho roof of bullets when thoy pass continually overhead, as they did on the 2nd of July. After leaving Sihoney, the regulars paid two dollars for a plug of tobacco which usually costs them eight cents. Those who could- not got tobacco at all smoked dried gra&j;, roots and dry ma nure. For several nights the nerves of soldo of them wore so unstrung for the need Of the stimulant that they could hot .sleep.” * . „ “Mr, Eudyard Kipling has written Mr. John Hays Hammond, tho famous mining engineer (writes the Loudon correspondent of tho Adelaide Advertiser), that ho intends visiting South Africa again next year, and will probably return via Australia and Ame rica. Mr. Kipling lias noyer made, afty se cret of the fact tlmt ho considers Australias and New Zealand tho dullest and most un interesting countries in tho world. Tho inhabitants ho found hospitable certainly, hut parochial to a degree in all their ideas. They cored for nothing but their own little Pedliugtons, and tho wider interests of tho world were Hebrew to thorn. Since then Mr. Kipling lias mot men who Jiave con vinced him that his hurried condemnation of tho antipodes as a hold of romance was precipitate. So ho means to give you a se cond chance, being naturally a just young man.” _ A touching instance of heroism that oc curred during the Cuban war (says tho Aus tralasian) is described in “The Story of the ( Rough Eiders,’/ by Edward Marshall. When Captain M'Ciintock. was wounded in the fight before Santiago one of his troopers came and lay down beside him. “You had bettor got out of this,” said M’Clin lock, “it’s too hot. “Don’t worry, captain,” tho man topped, •‘I’m between you and tho firing line.’ M'Ciintock, touched as ho was by this ex hibition of devotion, still wanted him to get away. Ho urged him to leave. Tlio man refused. Finally M'Ciintock said.' 1 m your captain, and I order you to go. You aro doing no good to anyone but mo. This is no place for a well man. I order you. Then tho man had to tell. “I ain’t no well man,” ho slowly admitted. “I’m shot, “Where ?”asked M'Ciintock. “Oh, it’s only a scratch.” Thoy lay there in silence for a long time. Tho firing began to como from the left. Tho soldier worked lus painful way around until ho was again between M'Ciintock and the lino of fire. M'Ciintock was too weak from loss of blood oven to speak. Then a hospital man camo and' lifted M'Ciintock to cany him hack. “Take | him, too,” M'Ciintock managed to articulate. . “No use,” said the hospital man. “He’s dead.” “Scribner’s Magazine” for July contains a number of letters written by Eohort Louis Stevenson during liis stay at Bournemouth from September, 1884, to August, 1887, Al though, in tho matter of hoaltli, these wore ; among his worst and most trying years, they were also, in tho matter of work done, some of the nioat active and successful. Dur ing the first two months of liis life at Bourne mouth tho two plays, Admiral Guinea and Beau Austin, wore written in collaboration with Mr. Healey. In 1885 he published tlireo volumes, viz., “Mbro Now Arabian Nights,” “The Child's Garden of Verses," and “Prince Otto,” the two latter having been in most part previously written. In 1886 appeared “Tho Strange. Case of Dr. JokyII and Mr. Hyde” and “Kidnapped,” the two books which, together-with ''Treasure Island,” did most to win for him fame and honor. The year 1887 was chiefly—with tho exception of the “Life of Fleoming Jon kin”—a year of collections and reprints. In it were published “Underwood’s,” “The Merry Mon,” “Memories and Portraits,” and “Tho Black Arrow,” in volume form. Tho letters are full of interest, and of that vivid play of mood and character wliich never failed, in him, whether he was sick or well Other articles of interest are an appreciation of tlio artistic work of John La Fargo, who has done many things during a career of 40 years; a description of the way in winch the foreign mail sendee is carried out in New York, and a review of the causes which made Daniel Webster one of tho greatest figures in American history. Webster’s great ser vice to tho .country, says Senator Hoar—a service second to that of Washington alone —is that lie inspired.in the people to whom union and self-government deemed but a doubtful experiment in tlio sentiment of na tionality, of lovo of the Hog, and a passion-' atp attachment to tho whole country. He awoke in tho bosom of his countrymen the conception of national, unity and national greatness. An article'on Havana since the occupation shows somo of the difficulties' which have to he overcome, and wliich prove that a nation cannot be built in a day/' Tho “Selections from tho Manuscripts of Lady Louisa Stuart” (Edinburgh: f Dougins) contains letters! written, to that lady (young est daughter of the Marquis, of Bute) by Sir Walter 8cott, Here is on item“My choice friend was a certain Aiastci' Stuart, of Invcmahylo, a leader of no ignoble portion of your ladyship’s royal clan of the Stuarts, namely, of Appin, which he led on many a bloody day, X shall never forget one of hie answers to me. I was, I suppose, about 10 years old, and, seated on his knee, listened to his warlike exploits, of which lie was no loath narrator. ‘O Inveri (tills was his fa \- miliar and pet name in the family) 'will you toll mo if you wore ever afraid?’ ‘Troth, Gurdie mavoujfnocn’ (Walter, ray darling), said the old man, 'the first time 1 gaed into action, when I saw the red coats rank opno . site to us, and our people put up their bon nets to say a bit prayer, and then scrug their bonnets down ower their eon, and sot for ward like hulls, driving each other on, and beginning to fire their gUH? and draw their broadswords, I would have given any man a thousand meric to insure mo I wad not.run away.” - . Some descriptions of Scenes and characters in Mrs. Humphry Ward’s forthcoming hook are written by the authoress herself. Here is the man r—“Ho is 32, of good family, with some experience of tlio diplomatic and social world, eccentric and fastidious. Has inher ited some- money, withdrawn from active life and given himself oyer to writing, travel ling and the getting of ‘experience.’ A maker of hooks and phrases. Magnificent head and shoulders, set on a somewhat clumsy/ and ungainly frame. A magnetic brilliant, faulty creature, mare attractive to women than to men. But a certain force of genius—Which is not unlovable—makes him incapable _ of subordination and concentra tion.” This is one of tho women:—“Fra gile, sympathetic, plaintive. Not handsome, out charming—beautiful eyes. Grace in mind and movement. Intellectual and re sponsive. . , .. Beneath the- outward grace and plaintive sweetness there is a pas sionate and fevered state.” - Mrs. Ward sums up the book as follows:—-“The hook will bo'a pure lore story with—in its fram ing and atmosphere-ras much suggestion as possible, without set descriptions, and with- 1 ' out antiquarionism, of tho ghosts and the great ideas that meet in Rome. But very little of the action passes in Eome. Horae is a near haunting presence. The vast villa, with its bare rooms and terraced gaafden, the weeds of Albano and tho slopes of tho Tutoulum Torm the main settiiur.”— Leader. .. A “maid of honour” in the Court of The baw, when that monarch was king of. Bur j ma, was asked by Mr. H. Fielding, author of “Thebaw’s Queen” (Hmrper), if they over saw newspapers or newsletters of any kind in the palace. “No,” sho saidy “there were no newspapers in the palace. ; Besides, what is the good of them? There are newspapers now, and I have once or-twice read-the Man dalay Times, .which I qb my mo ther's, house. It says that a man fell out iff a house somewhere and broke his neck. And.tliat the Japanese are taking some place. I never heard of before, end that some great ship lias sunk near Belat. I do not care to know these thmgs. What is the' use of them,, even if they, are true? and I do.pot know if they are true. I have a chimin yvlio helps in one off the papers, and ho tells me that many of tlio things are not true at .all. I do nob see the use of papers.” 