CHRIST'S ESTIMATE OF FAITH. By ALEX. R. MACEWEN, D.D. , Jesus "saith utitb him* Thomas, because thou.; hast seen Me, thou hast believed; blessed are they that have not seen," and yet have believed. —John XE., 29. . There is oply one true faith"; there is only one God and Father; there is only one Saviour; there is only one Holy Ghost, and these three are one; but there is a great variety in the ways of reading faith. There is a great difference in the hold which it takes on different minds. We must not confuse those two, the object and the method of faith. We must not imagine that because Christ is always the same, all men reach Him by the same road, or stand in the same relation to Him. Now, since faith is the most important part and force in life, the part and force which bind us to God, everything about Faith is of consequence, and it is of special value to learn, as this verfee enables us to do, Christ's estimate of different kinds of faith. We see here what He who spent His life in seeking to awaken faith, who died a shameful death in order to give faith firm ground, thought when His work was almost finished of different kinds of faith. In this verse He recognises and compares two ways in which men come to believe. He compares those who believe because they have seen with those who have not seen and yet have believed. Of the one we have a very plain example in the Apostle Thomas; of the other, although no example is quoted, the meaning is quite clear. We, shall learn, with God's blessing, some good lessons if we look at them in turn, noticing what Christ thought of each of them. Those who, like Thomas, believe be- cause they have seen. The behavior ot Thomas, being fully described, requires little explanation. For some unknown cause he had been absent when Christ first appeared to the disciples after the resurrection. They reported to him that- Jesus had shown them His bands, and said He breathed upon them, and had given thern the Holy Ghost. The wowen, too, described their adventures at the sepulchre. Thomas discredited these tales as the fond fancies of excited brains. He must see with his own eyes; he must use his own hands and fingers, otherwise he would not"' believe. After the lapse of a week, during which Thomas remained in doubt, Jesus appeared again, and offered Thomas the very evidence he had specified. " Reach hither thy finger," He said, "and behold. My hands, and reach hither thyjhand;jgjni thrust it into My side." It is not said that Thomas took advantage of the of- . fer, and most of us would prefer to think that he was ashamed to lay hand on that eternal body. But in any case he was convinced. The proof which he de manded was before him, within his reach for use. He was not only satisfied, "but received a new impulse devotion, and cried out with a swelling heart, "My Lord and my God." He had seen, and therefore he believed. No . doubt there is — something attractive In the eagerness of TJiomas, and some beauty in the giish of feeling with which'he confesses the truth, yet Jdstis received his warm profession very coldly. and actually reproved him. ."Be not faithless," He said, "but believing." By his dogmatism he had strayed to the verge of unbelief, and he had escaped only by renewing the humiliation of his Master. Forced into faith by his own principles, he was bound to believe, therefore Jesus reminds him that the road by which he had come was a plain road, not to be compared for hardness with another. Because , he had seen he had believed. What else could he have done? Jesus had left no room for unbelief. THE DEMAND FOR DEMONSTRA- TION. 1 Now that is a very common mode of thought regarding the supernatural and spiritual. Perhaps It is the most common, for the human mind in its ordinary and natural development, calls for evidence. Some seek for proof that comes through the senses; others for proof through argument and reason. No guilt can be attached to those who take such an attitude, although It brings danger. We cannot reckon people as sinners because they will not accept a fact or a| doctrine until they are convinced that it is true. Indeed, most Christians pass through such a stage. When the faculties are shooting, and we have perfect confidence in ourselves, we think that we are entitled to have everything explained to us logically. We imagine that no one ever saw such difficulties as we see. We wonder that older people, -although they cannot Convince ns, are so firm and simple in their faith. We cannot thiny Cf taking others' opinions or the opinions of the Church as our rules, or, indeed, of bending to any authority except our own convictions. This is the attitude of Thomas when fie declared, that he would not believe unless the truth Were proved to him in the very way he had preseribed. In his case Jesus met the demand," but He "does not always do so. Although "th^" Bible, and conscience, and our " experience supply evidences that ought to convince us, God does not often allow men to dictate to Him the kind of proof He must give. There are Thomases who pass into the darkness of complete unbelief because they make a claim upon the Creator which creatures have no right to do. If we were asked to single out the reason why Thomas was so generously treated, we might say, I think • that it lay in his earnestness and courage. Unbeliever that he was, he had stayed with the disciples at the risk of life, He did "not give up hope because the faith of others seemed to him to be unreasonable. His own heart was wrong, but he remained on the right side. Now this is a plain lesson which young men and women especially require. Doubts creep into their souls, and so possess them that it seems almost dishonest to believe. Well, when the mind and heart contradict one another, take the brave side, the side where courage will be needed. God Is always gracious to a man who, In spite of doubt and risk, will stay in'the ^company where Christ is accustomed to reveal himself. THE EASY BELIEVERS. ' J But, passing from this, I rather wish -yoirto notice the condition of those who have received such proof, and who- aretree from any-doubt about the evidences UI of religIoh: religion:- : A "great many people understand everytWjng^uite plainly. They know how Jesus died for them as well ^ if they saw Him hanging on the cross, Justice of God demands their death; Jesus was appointed to pay the penalty; Hls sacrifice was accepted, and they are 1 saved. Their inward History might be - exhausted by piecing together some, eight or ten lines of'some evangelistic hymns. All Is as clear as daylight to them. When, they reflect. that -the risen Saviour. Is. pleading their cause with God, they know that they have no cause for doubt. They are entirely thankful,' and they can say with complete honesty, and simplicity, that He is their Lord and their God. So in regard to the wiser ways of God. They quite understand that He made the world as a .builder makes a house. If they are not quite sure abeut the six days of creation the argument from design is quite • sufficient to convince them; or they make themselves easy by the notion that a day does not mean a day, but a great many thousand years. If they see cattle eating gcass, they think that they have a wonderful proof of God's fatherly care for oxen. The condition of oxen in winter, the severity of the weather, and its effect upon their condition, does not cause them any difficulty, in their own case they can trace God's care quite easily. • They have had no great troubles since they were converted. If they have suffered sometimes, they krfl&w; they were being punished. They see God's hand so clearly everywhere that it would be wicked of them to distrust Him. Or, take this particular fact, which Thomas doubted at first, that Jesus rose from the dead. Although they have not actually seen Him, the proof is as distinct to them as if it came by sight. They have read in one gospel that He was seen by so many men; in another, that He was seen by so" many more; fn the Acts,jth&t; others saw Him; and in the Epistles, that Paul saw Him. Is not. all quite clear?'' The Bible is.Inspired, and the Bible records these facts. Where Is the difficulty? They see these things distinctly, and therefore they believe them. I do not mean to speak slightingly of such people, for they have reached the truth. The Christian Church is full of men and women who are well assured of their own salvation, and are honestly amazed to hear the doubts which others express. Only let us not forget that their faith is the faith of Thomas. It has no venture in it—no uncertainty. It triumphs because God is kind and condescending, giving matter- of-fact people the sort of proof that will convince them, and dealing with them in the way that suits them. The homage and obedience which they proffer He receives as His right, for He is in truth their Lord and their God. But, even in accepting the tribute which Thomas paid, Jesus spoke to him of another kind of faith—or, rather, as I have said, of another road to faith. "Blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed." THE DIFFICULTIES OF DOUBTERS. Now,-although no personal example is given us in this passage, It is not hard to understand what Jesus means. He is speaking of those ivho have an exactly opposite experience to that of Thomas. They wish for proof. They know the very kind- of proof that would convince them and satisfy them, but they do not "receive it. ' Jesus, does not come and stand before them; still, they believe. Let us take the same examples as before—the atonement, the creation, and the ways of God in providence. They find it very difficult to believe in the atonement. They cannot see that another person could bear the punishment which they deserve, and free-them from condemnation. It seems as if everyone must bear his own burden, pay his own penalty. They are astonished at the thought that sin could be expiated before it was committed. They cannot prove such things by argument, and they see flaws in the arguments used by others. •Yet they know their sins, and feel the burden of them. They have learned from the Gospel story to honor Jesus, and with $hat strange response which God's love atone awakens in the heart, they leap to exclusion which the mind cannot They make a bold adven- JtS58intio The VnjShown, and without seeing the truth they believe it, resting upon Jesus for salvation as He is offered to them in the. GJspels. Similarly, wli'en they hear the record of the science'of nature, and learn how , the fabric of/the universe has unfolded itself through hundreds and thousands of years, growing out of a shapeless mass into developed life by steady iron laws, which pay no more heed to our souls than to the trees and plants, the whole belief of their early childhood vanishes like a fairy tale. Then, when they walk among the hills and fields, when they look up to the stars at night, when they have'the company of the memory of God's saints, a whisper reaches them from the .world ~of life^and death, And they are able without formality or double meaning to worship Him who made the earth and heaven, and breathes into man a living soul. It is the same with their belief in providence. Some people are unable to trace God's finger in their lives. They have not had pains and pleasure in proportion to their unbelief and faith. They can look back upon long years of prosperity, when the heart, was far from God, and sometimes, when they have been doing their very .foest,..eJblow has-brought them to. the dust. Perhaps, in their own eirck they have seen the wicked spreading like the green bay tree, while the gentle and saintly are struggling beneath burdens that seem to be intolerable. Instead of being moved to say, ""Thou hast beset me behind and before, and laid Thine hand upon me," they are apt to cry, "J look backward and He was not there, and j in front, and I could not see Him. Hatb the Lord forgotten to be gracious?" Stii: with instinctive trust they seek for God IP heart, if not in mind, they have the substance of things hoped for, the evi dence of things not seen. They will not give up the thought that He governs the' world and cares for them. They wil! rather stumble onwards for a time in hope of reaching light, than believe that the darkness is eternal. Anything, they f-ael better than that, than a world without a God. a soul without a destiny, a hungva £cr which there is no food. And so though they cannot see God's face, though they cannot-trace His hand, they join the serried ranks of-those-who have not seen p and yet have believed. In this mood of a mind and heart they will not seek for " proof in the ^spirit of Thomas. They^will f accept very meekly what is given them by the way-—a •'•';'wdnl, i '• -e.^*swift,: thought, "dreiam of the night^- the singlhg of an old hymn, a good .man's voice, the recollec tioh of a Christian "friend—these crumbs falling from the table of the children must ®erve_them.for;food. j " , ... ; CHRISTS ESTIMATE OF FAITH. Now it is instructive to observe the es timate which Jesus here expresses of such faith, so different from the estimate whidh is made of it by men. It is often depreciated and condemned by those who have gained a nearer and clearer view. The man who can do anything easily fre quently despises those who find it difficult. .Among children you will find a boy who can run quickly laughing at those who are slow of foot Among men, the ready speaker will despise thei slow of , tongue. A musician who can read music easily feels Us superiority to those who blunder through an air. Men who are sharp at business and active in making oargains have a quiet contempt for those who hesitate and are always afrafd of making mistakes. This is the natural course of human judgment and compassion, and Christians frequently apply it to the judgments they pass. upon feith. Those who can easily accept revealed doctrines assume an air of superiority. They ascribe all doubts to the devil, and speak of them as cobwebs which an active servant would remove at once. They do not care for thought or argument abouft religion. Plain truth, plainly stated, given to them, in the-apOsHe'S language, as we giVe food to infants. Is the onIy~nburishment on which their souls can live. They are xfever happies* than when some-superficial person, or book, or sermon, pate the whole thing, as they say, into a nutshell, and suggests to them that every' one who accepts a few Ideas and -facte Hrhich will not go Into the nutshell Is either a poor ocatterbraln or a wilful sceptic. If they are charitable they say that doubt and hesitation and vagueness in religion are real misfortunes. To them seeing is believing, and they cannot imagine any worthy faith which - is without precision and certainty and assurance. That is the human standard, but the comparison which Jesus here, makes contradictsit point for point. "Blessed/' He . says, "are those who have not .seen, arid, yet believe."Blessed Is the man that can dispense with proof. Blessed is . the heart that turns to a half-seen Saviour. Blessed are they who, in their perplexity, guide their lives by the law of Jeeus, without full understanding of the doctrine. It is not true that the ideal Christian sees everything clearly, and Is entirely happy in his faith. It is not true that doubts and difficulties are the devil's work. They arise sometimes in the effort of a mortal spirit to put on immortality. They come most largely to those who take fhe widest view, who know the infinite to be infinite, and the mysterious to be a mystery. They are strongest in those whom Christ loves most, for, like a wise teacher. He gives His best pupils the hardest lessons, and keeps the simple tasks for simple minds. Before we close, thai, let me ask why Jesus approved of such faith. We shall take the answers which these considerations have presented. Two kinds of faith, are mentioned, faith that is based on truth, and faith that can dispense with, proof? Why does Jesus give his blessing to the latter? One answer we have already given implicitly; because it is not. approved by men. ' It does not satisfy, the common standard, and is blamed by •snany people, tberefoce"Jesus re'moves,thereproach. Just as He told His poordisciples, and : His persecuted dis-. ciples, and His mourning disciples, that. they were blessed because eye eye did not see, nor did ear hear their blessedness; in the same spirit He blessesthose who are struggling in their faith.. A man who understands all about remission and creation and providence doesnot need to be told that he is blessed, for he can stand up with a bright smiling, face and declare that he has found peace,. gnrl invite others to become even as he is. There is a premium upon his position, in the religious world. No need for Christ; to tell such a man that he is blessed. But a bewildered man, clinging to a cross of. which he scarcely knows more than that it is a cross; a distressed man, trying to face cares which he cannot fathom, but •thinks sometimes ihat -God's curse rests upon him, needs encouragement, and 1 ; Christ with His own wonderful sympathy gives him what he needs. Another reason why Christ gives a- blessing to such people is this. Their faith costs them an effort. He loves those who go through fire and water for His sake. If it is easy for you to believe, why. then it is easy. There the matter ends. If you see no difficulties;- thenthere are none for you to overcome.. You may be thankful that the goal is won. but you need not expect a prize. If you have fought hard, however, to maintain your belief,.faced one doubt after another; met obstacles, but gone on bravely, not wavering or despairing, holding* on to the last, then you have been a good soldier, of Jesus Christ. There has been a strug- gle which Christ will reward, and Hegives His followers more than they deserve. One other thought will explain these words still more clearly. Faith of thiskind is the most complete and thorough- All faith is incomplete that is the confession of our want of knowledge and our need for help, but the most complete faith. is that which lifts the whole nature, vibrates the whole man, which is felt at heart, and shown in action. When faith' begins with the easy acceptance of some statements, or from admitting certain arguments, there is danger that it ends' there; but when one is guided upwards' by a wish for higher life and help, when 3 the spirit is crying out for a living God., and when the yearning is so strong that we are willing to dispense with proof, and to - reach out our. inward han<L humbly . to;-, take a gift from God, there is very little danger that any part of our life escapes from our religion. We cannot take the mind and leave the heart in sin; nor can < we take these two and leave the conduct" of our daily life, and that complete sacrifice in what has value before God. - If ' God had wanted clear convictions from - us, He would have given us shorter wits ' and stronger proof. If Christ had wished -' our hearts to gush volubly in our worship, He would be seen in all His beauty; - in every assembly of saints. He wishesrather to have the whole man of us rising steadily towards Himself. It is ,not doubt that distresses Him, but doubt" victorious and leading into sin. "To believe," a wise man has said, "notbecausa we are intelligent and can argue, not because we are learned and - know manyp things, not because It is pleasant for us to think we are safe, but because there is something in us that makes us - feel that light is light and worth follow- - ing, and truth is truth and Worth beholding: that is the blessed faith." ' So moving through the darkness, We-plainly hear His call, Seeing, hearing nothing, Hoping, trusting all. i -si a 