? 0 ?U E U F ^ O ^ N E LETTER. The halo of integrity and rectiLude which bos so long snrronoded the family lawyer relong attorney disappeared suddenly, and whose whereabouts is —now 7 anxiously soueht sought after. Mr J. H. Grey was the name of this individual, and as it has appeared frequently in the public Press, and is likely to become „,„,„,, .„„-,„ t -----—' " -- - name of a family ghost in many domes- ... circles, » I have T no squeamishness in! ! writing. there. I am not going tu hash up ' again the delinquencies of this wandering W 1 aU ^ J" erel y transcribing . about half a column of the rgus, of Tuct day, the l«h instant Suffice it to say ; that Grey was chief clerk of a now defunct 5 firm-Taylor, Bucklaod and Gates. This f firm had! an enormous amount of trust busi- I ness, and in course of time MrTaylor diedmany years ago now It was then carried on by Messrs Bucklund and Gates. Mr Bucklaud died about the end of the eighties; Grey lhen practically became l.he "»'»"<! firm, "and M r was Mayor ot Geelong wheo tbe Eerl M Hopetoun visited that town, and declaied the Bopetonn Channel, cut through a sand bar in tbe bay, open for marine traffic. Grey spent money like water the year h< was Mayor, and now numerous estates, ici seeme, have had to pay for it. There i- eoroe talk of asking the Government to unr earth Grey and bring him back of sleel bracelets on his wrists. So pait mote be. It a moot point whether after all (K. varions trusters, ececutors and agency companies that exist are not more worthy of the confidence of the public than many of the average private trustees. Goodness knows T hare no interest in barracking for the com* panies—or anything else save my bread and butter—but all things cousidcred they seem tome lo be simpler aud safer tbnu individuals, chiefly because they are more open to inspection and less open to temptation. 4 trustee may philander awoy an eet&te; in 2 most_ wonderful manner and keep bene 6ciaries under a will "off" by auy number of cock and bull yarns—especially if they ure not particularly shrewd individuals. We all know what financing in such a case means, and the dishonest trustee has a pretty good ide* of when the swindle must come out, and can arrange for the disappearing trick, like a man who knows that an infernal machine he has placed in a building will not explode for four hours, by which time he will be over 100 miles away. In the case of a company the shareholders, for their own galces, keep an eye ou it, aud at any time a demand may be made on it for the prodoctiou of certain data. Ceitainlythe companies are more expensive than individual trustees, but they are as a rule safer and surer. Besides a company does not necessarily die in process of time, und an individual may be cut off at any time with all tbe incidental confusion and trouble case where he is concerned in the affairs of others. The Hail way Department has erected special race traffic semaphores between North Melbourne nnd Newmarket. When rase trains are not running two pieces of wood in the shape of a St. Andrew's cross are fiked on the arrns of these signals to signify that they aie to be legarded by the ordinary traffic as "blanks," but on race days all trains have to be guided by them. These erections are not worked from boves but by a lever fised to-the post manipulated by a man stationed alongside. They will ouly necessitate the employment of one man where two had to be employed to display red or green flags according to circumstances. Mr John Nlathieson has shown a labor saving spirit in the matter of the signals referred to in the Unea above, nnd that astute Commissioner is evideutly bent on makiug the railways pay. It is a good thing to do tbis, but becaase Speight spent every shilling bis political friends suggested there is no need for his successor Jo go to the opposite extreme. For inftance the present Commissioner has introduced a system of "boy porteis'' at the suburban stations which simply meaus swelling the rpnks of unemployed men. The economy of the arrange- ment is simple and no doubt excellent, but its industrial ethics are not at all of the same desciipiion. Economy may be effected too dearly, and if boys are to be employed in this universal manuer rnen will soon be at a perfect discount. There are situations which are suited to boys, such as telegraph messengers, but the position of reliway porter might fairly be confined to men. The Government are pretty well on their trial over the Best-Jackson business, and tbe proposed departure of the Attorney- General to England to rake in fees as tegdl representative of the Tramway Company, and the bungling Downes' appointment in connection with the position of military commandant goes to add to the indictment. With regard to the Jacksou business comment would be out of place until the committee hive sent io their report, and with regard to the proposed professional trip of Mr Isaac Isaacs to the old country the Arjjus pretty well voiced the sentiments of the commuuity in a leader last Tuesday morning. Plainly put I do not think the Attorney-General's action wise—and that is putting it very very tnildly indeed. As for the Downes episode, if the Premier gained any crcdit from the military ?aste in tbis colony over the Contingent affair—and no dcubt he did—lie has simply nullified it altogether by appointing Major-General Dowues to the position of'commandant. It is urged on behalf of this appointment that it is orly temporary and t hat it will come to an end when tbe Australian forces are federated under a federal chief. But who knows what may happen before federation ? Although the Boer business does not seem likely to bring about European complications in the immediate present there is no saying what it may lead to. A prophet iu the Old Testameut is spoken of BS every now than exclaiming, "Oh, my Lord, what.-sball be the end of these things ?"' aud wc muy well echo his question. Many people think that the war in Africa will be prolonged ia a guerilla-like fashion long after ihe Hoeru find it hopeless to coutend with the British in open battle, and as the confliot drags on some of the European powers may be inclined Lo have a finger io tbe pie. Oucc the game of interference—even of a diplomatic nature—is started there is no kuowing where it will end, 01 what it will end in, and goodness help us if Victoria has to face hostile European forces with anything short of a thoroughly up-to- date officer in command of her forces And Downes, while he is doubtless in every sense of tbe word "an officer and a gentleman' 9 is by 110 means up-to- date. I said something above about the Commissioner of Ksilivays retrenching and econo- mical tendencies, and if he should still further develop in this direction it is difficult to sec what a number of the employees of the Department will do, as even now they appear unable, at any rate iu many instances, to live on their incomes. Nearly every week the papers contaiu notices of the insolvency of railway employees, and some blame the system of inoulhly payments, and there is no doubt there is something serious the matter. It appears from official letters received by the Secretary of Dcfence that the men and horses of the Contingent on board the Medic have got their sea lugs, mid may b* expected to Uad io South Africa in the pink of condition. I suppose tbe South Africa of to-day must be very diflcrent to the country I used to read about in my natural history y< as regards the existence of wild t With all tbe heaps of dead British and Boere that have bceu piled up in that country I have not heard of the hyena of my boyish ncquaintancs having arrived on the sceue. Hyenas, I was given to understand, were a sort of hangers on iu Afiica even at a baby's fuueral, let alone a holocaust of beef fed Britishers and " biltong" nourished Boers— although I fancy the Britishers would prove the most succulent. Neither have we heard of the troops 6nding pud adders iu their blankets, while as for lions and elephants they have no doubt lone; a no retreated to wards the Mountains uf the Moou. A member of (he Brirish aristocracy has died in a miugled condition of penury and pleurisy to a Now Zealand hospitil. seemed his title carried 00 emolument, this day the rage is rather after plutocracy than aristocracy, and handles to one's nai without oath at the bank is of uo more u lhao the titles children give ono auothcr tboir games. 