"LOST LEICHHARDT,” A STRANGE STORY OF ARNHEIM'S LAND. CHAPTER II. A OURIOUS FIND. BY JAMES J. WRIGHT. Australian aboriginals all over the conti nent have a horror of the night. They will not fight during darkness, and firmly believe that demens or evil spirits haunt the camps noder the cloak of night. These malign imps slay men and women in moat atrocious fashion. These fears prevent aggressive movements ia tribal warfare daring the boarß of darknesß, and even if two hostile camps are pitched half a mile from eaoh other ne sentries need be kept between twi light and dawn. The whole camp will egaat ronnd the fires until 9 or 10 o’clock and then go to sleep until almost daybreak. This dread of ghosts and evil spirits is bo great that it ia recognised in the burial customs of the blacks. Before bemg placed in the grave, smoke dried, or placed on the Btagee according to the cnßtomß of different tribes, the arms and lege of the corpse are eecnrely tied with rotheß or strings made from the einewa of wild animals. The finger nails are also torn, off and the hair singed. All this is done to prevent the spirit of the deoeased rising, bnt even then the tribe does not feel aeonfe. Various inoantationß are practised, and small sticks placed upright in the ground aronnd the camp fire to keep the ghostly visitants at a safe distance. Preston and his mate knew something ef these superstitions fears, and resolved to take advantage of them. Before tnroing away to await darkness, the captain and Barrows took a keen and comprehensive survey of tbe camp. Ibe strange white man still Btood motionlesß be side tbs Eianga, whilst most of his Bable companions were aßleep outside their gun yabs. Though naked even the men were ornamented. Some wore feather plnmes on their heads with pearl shells depending from a girdle round their waists. The females vrere adorned with small pellets of trans parent gugi suspended from looks of their rough woolly hair. Hanging on some of the adjacent trees were several netß made from spioifex fibre, whilst aronnd the emonldering fire lay wooden scoops and conch shells. It was now and o’clook in the afternoon, and after taking their observations the party re turned. Little time was spent on the schooner, it being necessary to get near the blacks' camp before night fell. Six of the Malays were selected, and, with the party augmented to ten, the captain and the mate felt they had nothing to fear. At 7 e’clock they set oat for the range, aud when dark ness enshrouded the locality gained the ridee. Below in tbe valley a large fire gleamed brightly, the aboriginals having no suspicion of a larking enemy. Ab the gloom deepeoed a brighter radiance shone from tbe fire, aud the watchers could see the shadowy outlines of the aboriginals grouped aronnd it. Shortly after 10 o’clock the ciptain gave tbe signal to move cautiously down on the camp. The M-days, naturally bloodthirsty, were strictly enjoined not to shoot or offer violence except in self-defence. Preatnn’s only desirs was to safely capture the white man, over whom be felt assured a mystery hung, and who was being forcibly detained by the natives. Possibly, too, both Preston and Barrows bad a farther motive, and not altogether an unselfish one. Whilst desirona of rescuing tbs man from bondage, it occnrred to them that one of their own race who might have lived years in the district most be pos sessed of valuable information regarding its resources. He would probably be able to verify the fairy tales of wealth, or say they were mere phantoms of imagination horn of the superstitions Unknown. At 11 o’clock the party divided, the cap tain leading one and Barrows the other. From different points they stealthily ap proached the oamp until within 100 yards. The cover of vegetation did not extend any farther, and they decided to rash the blacks. As the men from tbe Lnoinda orooohed on the edge of the ecrnb they saw the obj-ct of their march moving about the oamp as if giving orders and seeing that everything was secure. There were half a dozen gnnyahs, and app&reotly; the one on the extreme east Bide belonged to the mysterious inhabitant of the camp, This waß the side on which Bar rows weald Approach. Shortly after 11 o’clook Preßton signalled the advance. Not a sound broke the still ness of night Bave the distant cries of noc turnal birds. Tbe attackers had almost reachvd the circle of reoumbent sleepers when the alarm Bounded, As they surrounded the terrified blacks, who felt cure demons had burst on them, each of tbe assailants waved a greeo bough over hie head. This is tbe universal token of peace ansougst aboriginals, and it somewhat reas sured the startled savages. Both Preston and Barrows paid little attention to the blackß, but made straight for the rongh hut to which the stranger was. They called loudly • Friends,’ bnt as they reached the place the inmate rnehed out. Barrows being in the lead tried to stop him, hut failed, and Preston then made a grab at the fugitive. He seiwed the fnr rug in a strong grasp, bnt the wearer tore himeelf away and left the garment in the hands of the astonished captain. Ihe latter, quite surprised at the action of the flying man, kept calling to him ia English to stop, but uo heßd wss paid to ths summons. Preston stood, too astonished for the mo fflent to follow, and when he did the fugitive had gained such a start that pnrsnit was hopeless. Meanwhile the blacks remained fairly quiet. The emblem of peace shown calmed their fears, especially when they saw the assailants did not belong to a hoetile tribe. Coming baok to the fire Preßton Walked up to the chief black, and pointing in the direction wbioh the fugitive had taken, eaid-_ ‘Nurloo 5’ fwhite man). Tbe fellow looked at him for a moment or two and then repeated the word ‘ Nurloo.’ Preston’s vocabulary in tbe native dialect of the district being limited, he only managed, o obtain sufficient information through signs sod gestures to satisfy himself of the ran «vay being a white man. He still held the ro 8 ,n _ his hand, bnt being excited did not o °tjp o its immense weight. Finding he coaid Dot obtain farther infor mation from the blaok he threw the rag “own and was startled to hear'lt fall with a metalllo Bound. Hastily picking it np he realised how heavy it was, ahd putting it War his arm decided to take it with him. A'«*nd reflection convinced him this would be a wise course, as. it might induce ne owner to follow and oiaim it. After con eying to the tribe the fact that the Lncinda >y m the river Preston started, feeling bb ured tbe natives would avail, themselves of s invitation to visit tbe schooner. . i j moon had risjen hy -this' time and it the men .to get across-the rough country sooner than they expected. By 2 rea °hsd the' craft after the wonnless encounter. r3?“ the expedition arrived at the , I®. n “* Preston called .the mate into the B n and told him hsifelt sure something s cnneealed in the qneerly-shaped rng; tho 8 ; 0 !*?. 8 - "hewed considerable excitement at* “telhganoe, for it fisted in with the ex nn.Jfc ? n '. ** h«d formed—or rather the smif j tBntul **hrio he had ereated from an doited un.gination. 8 mQBt examine it at once,* spoke the •*Pt»'n, and ;ha mate concurred. ths rng op .the. table with, the t ow - n they passed.their handa over, iu-.-V nJ>B ' r eral plapet.found thick patoheal * some foreigh mbitance .Wa* on doubtsdly concealed. Some’cfthem were bard and forth; a metallic sound when ■track, bnt the'other. protuberances yielded ■lightiy.to the bead and gave back do an eweri'ng riig^whan"— eeoret pookete were constructed withwonderfal ■kiU, it being with, difficulty that the point of janotion was discovered. Taking oat hit’deep knife the - captain speedily cut the stitches in one of the pookete,.and on openingit both men gazad entranced at the magnificent epeolmene of gold it contained. .They were all water-' worn and without a traoe of qnartz. Some were finger-ahaped, whilst others wer6 as round as an ordinary ballet and almost as large. .There were fully 20 ounoee in the pocket, and about the same quantity in two others which were opened. The fourth came as a strange revelation to the eager men. As they ripped the flap after cutting tbs made from stripped sinew, they were almost dazzled by the rays of irridei soeot light which buret forth. The doll lamp in the dingy oabin seemed to pale into hopeless obscurity, and from the well-worn rug a hundred flashing and quivering arches of light scintillated around. Never -was transformation scene more gorgeous or com plete. In that pocket there seemed to be contained all the geme which earth produces. Rubles, emeralds, opals and eappbiree could readily be distinguished by the astounded men. There were also several white pearls and two blaok gems, the former appearing to hide their modeßt and pore light under the brilliant and overpowering glitter of the other stones. : For a minute or two neither man spoke, j but feasted his eyes on. the gorgeous ksleido* scope. They had often seen pearlß equal to those so curiously revealed, but never before had either observed suoh a collection of cut precio'Uß stoneß, ‘ Barrows,’ spoke the oaptaiu in low toues, * What in the name of goodness induced that man to run away and leave all this behind him ?’ The question oonld not easily be answered, and for a few momentß the mate of the Lncinda did not reply. * Perhaps he knows where to get plenty more of the same sort and doesn’t valne these mnch,’ he blnrted out at length. ‘ Well, how can he get them in an unin habited region like this. Don't you see they are out stones. Unless he baß come upon some old treaaare-shif) wrecked I can't | understand it. Of course the riohes of the world are not worth a brass farthing to him with the blaoks in this locality. If he wanted to do anything with them he would have had a chance by coming with us.’ ' Yes, it’a very strange,’ the mate as sented. ‘ What about these two pieces V Barrowß continued, putting his hand on two of the bnlging spots.' • There may be even some-' thing better here. Let ns try th°m ?’ Still leaving the rude jewel casket open so that the gems might not be spirited away by diabolic agency if their eyes left them, they at once proceeded to open the remaining pockets in the magic rag. Each of them contained a small paroel whiob at first sight looked like an old piece of kangaroo skin. A slight examination showed that this in its tnrn was also stitched, which on being undone revealed a. small paoket of papers io eaoh. With wonderment depicted on their oountenanoes they slowly uofolded the musty papers and eimultane onsly gave utterance to a cry of astonish ment. They saw thereon a name which appeared to their exoited imaginations to be written in letters of fire, for before them wbb the signature, • Ludwig Leichhardt.’ Each looked mutely at the other in a dazed eort of way as if asking for an explana tion. The fate of the loßt explorer was at the time a problem which set the cariosity of the, world on tip-toe. The mystery of his lamentable disappearance had evoked inte rest even in Europe, and mors than one expedition had been sent out from tbe eastern colonies in search of the missing leader and his party. All kinds of vague and extraordinary rumors floated throughout the colonies regarding him, and Leichhardt shared with Livingstone the curious interest of English-speaking people. No tidings had been heard from him since February, 1848. Just previous to that be had left Moreton Bay to cross the continent to the Swan River settlement. It was, therefore, well calculated to astonish Preston and Barrows to find 17 years after the disap pearance of the intrepid explorer, that they held what looked like his diary in their pos session. In all probability the man who had so unexpectedly rushed away from the camp of the Ngurlas was the missing and much sought for leader himself. If not, he must at least be-one nf the party, and the thought caused a horrible idea-to enter Preston’s mind. - The man’s terror to again meet hiß countrymen must be oaused by guilty fear. Probably he bad committed some great crime—slew his companions, for instance, aud with the cowardice of a guilty conscience feared retributive justice. The oaptain did not voice thie thought, but it had already entered the mind of his companion. Little wonder then they re mained silent, for had not two great dis coveries been made? They held in their hands the relics of the lost explorer, and they had almost solved tbe question as to the mineral wealth of the unknown interior. The silence was broken by Barrows— ‘These documents might give ns informa tion as to where this wealth was found,’ he said, pointing to the gold and gems in the rug. ‘Ah, you are right; we will read them. SVhat is the date of yours?’ Preston replied, ‘ March the 4th, 1849,' came the answer. ‘ Then I’ll begin. Mine starts on January the 20tb, 1849,’ the captain Baid, CHAPTER 111. THE DIARY. Taking down the surveying lamp as he spoke Preston placed it on the tajjle beside him, whiht Barrows seated himself opposite. With reverent care the oaptain unfolded the stained and orumpled paper and slowly com menced to read. ‘ January 20th, 1849. ‘ Lat. 21, long. 134 —Expected to reach a high sandstone ridge to day which looked about seven miles to the west, bat failed to do so. Stopped by a deep' dry creek which ran through the plain. Its banks were fully 20 feet deep and anu«ually steep. Pitohed camp in a clump of stunted box trees whioh gave but" little protection from the fearful heat. Thermometer 112 degrees in the shade. Dreadfully lonely. Have not sighted a camp of blacks for nine days. „ ‘January 21.—Crossed the gorge and got to the Sandstone Range. The highest peak is only 400 feet, both the range and sur rounding country being desolate in the ex treme. To the west stretches a vast plain covered with spinifex. Will bave to get through it somehow. Killed a Bmall kan garoo rat, and with ground acacia seed made a good meal. Since the great flood have to subsist as best I can, all the qtoreß being lost. Will reßt here a couple of days. ‘January 24.—Pound an excellent .spring in the range and replenished water bag. Must push od across the plain. Fancied this morning I saw the outline of a mountain to the west. Killed three snakes and roasted them. Will take portion with me. ‘ January. 25.—Started before daybreak and made fair progress through scrub. Ground rotten and yielding. Came to olay pan, but dried up, the mud being baked as hard as brick. Huge cracks intersected it, showing that no rain haß fallen for a long time., Country a desert. ‘January 26-—Pushed on in the night to esoape heat. Can see range to the north; weßt. Appears to be wooded. - Traversed five miles of bare sand, being almost smothered by the numerous whirlwinds which enveloped me on every side. They roße like red speotres, and at one time fully 20 distinct whirls were spinning round within the range of vision. ‘January 27.—Range of'hills is about 15 miles away. -Water and food nearly done. With the exception of a few orows have-not seen any living thing since I entered the plain. Can see smoke rising near the hills, which mUBt. be from a blaoks* camp. Came on another 'claypan; also passed through some polygonum, which; indicates water. A brace of wild duck flew across this evening from east to west, so that water cannot be far away. •January 28.—Poshed on "most of the night. Very fat'goeri. Last drop of ; water gone. 4 p.m.—-Fainting with thirst. Found a Wild plant on which a sort of melon grew. Tasted, but found the juios very bitter. 6 p.m.—Have come to a creek onnt»inlng abundant- water. • There is a lagoon off it •warming with: wild fowl Different tress grow in thp vicinity, chi'fly coobebsr, box, plant, blond wood, carragnng, -and boabab. Camped under a. gigantic bonti-tb, whioh, had a diameter of nearly 15 feet. - Will rest here i few. days. Managed ;to snare a swan,- and 1 I hope to secure more, 1 ,- 1 January 30.—Followed downoreek in the! direotion of amoke. 'About three miles away gins. on camp ; ofnatives."; Believe, thsy ’ bslong to the Meaning tribes, who ho osuni bala, and kept oat of sight.-' They ora piloted ' with. red ochre,' which denote* they ere at; peaoe, .. Uoit of them tlie hideously scarred, and all are naked., ;. t Canip a ■ permanent -one • and gunyahs .well built’*-: They are made of | email etiok*placed in the ground and benteo I a* to form an arob: V.The top* are r tied. to . gather with tendon* or ewathe* of rnihe* and. J gra**, and the whole covered : with bark, of ) the .paper tree., Noticed the female* daedal .made of paper tree bark. - Saw them oarry qnlte a gallon of , water.at a time in them. ' This will be a bint to me; ‘February B.—'Started this morning for range with two bag* of water■ and- quantity' of fond. After much trouble made the paper tree bark bag*. Don't think they will keep the water cool, but that ie a email, matter. Will reach the range to-night— ’ ‘ What is that J' suddenly-asked Preaton, stopping in the reading of the aiary. He put the papers down a* he spoke and rap to the oabin door. Opening it. he saw a* dusky form stealing away to the fore end of the vessel. Preetou hastily followed, bnt did not again see the figure. Going to the quarter oeoupied by the Malaya the oaptain looked in and oonoted them. ' They were all there, and, returning to the oabio, he said— ‘lt was only imagination probably, but I could hare sworn I heard someone outside and saw a man steal away when I looked out.’ • ‘ We ought to oonoeal this treasure at any rate,’ Barrows significantly replied. The hint was not lost on the oaptain as, after oarefully eeouring the gold and gems, he looked them up in a small strong box used for keeping the pearls they might obtain. This box he pub in a safe which stood in a corner of the cabin. ‘ They will be right there,’ he observed, • and, by-the-bye, I have a feeling all is not as it might be, mate. lam eure someone peeped through the door, and if he saw these stones it would be well to be on our guard. The Malays, as you know, are treaoherous fellows.’ • If it were a human being, is it not more likely to have been the owner of the rug or one of the blaokfeliows, who onuld easily have followed be,’ Barrowß answered. ’ Yes, that might be so. I will call up Ala and tell him to keep watoh until we are finished. It will soon be daylight.’ Ala was roused from his slumbers and came out looking as if he were nob at all pleased at suah an early oall. When the captain returned be at onoe resumed the reading of the diary. ‘ February 10.—View from this peak is the must desolate I have ever looked upon. On either side nothing is to be seen but an ap parently interminable waste. The range is oompesed of decayed, honeycombed quartz and sandstone, covered with loose pebbles of a peouliar description. Sometimes as the sun glanoes on the ridges oolored fires flash out as sparks might from a flint.. Will in vestigate this. Have named the plaoe Mount Cheerless. Am too far west to think of turniog back, and the prospect ahead is almost hopeless. Not sure of my latitude and loDgitnde sinoe the loss of my instru ments, may probably be a hundred miles or more out in my reckoning. Have discovered what I believe” to be a pure ruby half way down the west aide of Mount Cheerless in a deep gorge. Strangely enough it seems to have been cut, but that may have been done by some natural means. * February 11.—This queer-looking mount appears bo rich in mineral treasures. A close examination at the base and along the watercourses revealed not only excellent specimens of alluvial gold, but more than one variety of preoions stone. Am positive both rabies and emeralds abound here. Have picked up four fine red stones and half a dozen green ones. The whole thing is a puzzle to me. The mount is decidedly auriferous as well as gem-bearing, but if I c uld shovel up preoions stones by the bnshcl they would be quite useless to me in my pre sent situation. The'locality aB near as I can reckon is lat. 211, long. 130. ‘ February 15.—After a five days’ stay at Mount Cheerless have decided to push -on westerly. Secured a few more valuable specimens. ‘February 16.—Left the mount and plunged into eorub. Heat unbearable, and suffering from sharp attack of dys-mtry. Got a few yamß and fortunately discovered a nest of white ants. They were a welcome change in my food. Found near the base of the mount a sort of bean growing on a creeper. It was very tasty after.what I have been used to. Took a supply with me. Surprised a wild pheasant in a shrub this afternoon and managed to kill it. Snakes are plenti ful. Had it not been for these reptiles would have died from hunger long ago. ' February 17 to 24.—Nothing but ever lasting scrab and sandy wastes. Feel a ter rible sense of loneliness. ‘ February 25—Came upon a remarkable pluvial formation. It was a Bort of gigantic olaypan showing a sheet of translucent water fully 200 yards in diameter. I braced myself for the disappointment which followed for the water was salty. The banks of the silent lagoon were rounded as a saucer, and the groen water appeared to be an immense depth. Not the least sign of life existed around, and the deathly stillness was most oppressive. From the absence of fire marks should say the place is tabooed by the blsoks. There is something uncanny about the^pot. ‘ February 2S.—Water almost exhausted, and have serious fears of the future. ‘ March I.—Cannot last muoh looger. The hot ground burns my feet even through the rough sandals I wear. The earth in places is intersected by yawning cracks big enough to engulph a man. Sometimes think it would be, better to throw myself into a chasm than die lingeringly of thirst. Reached a deep watercourse bb dry as if rain had not fallen since the deluge. The light breszo sweeping along the bottom raised clouds of dost. ‘ Maroh 2.—Half a pint of water left. Queer-shaped sand ridges run out into the rocky plateaus, and the only sign of life is a few arows—perhaps waiting for the feast. Gan now clearly Bee a mount, but fully 30 miles away. ‘ Maroh 4.—Drank the last monthful of water two hours ago and see no prospeot but death.' ‘That is the end of my lot,’ Preston said, laying down the papers and stretohing out his hand for the smaller parcel Barrows held. Taking it ha begnn. ‘March 4, 2 p.m.—Judging by the sun it is now about two hours after noon, and the stony Btretoh still continues. Have dis covered another nest of white ants whioh relieved my intolerable thirst a little. These ants are juicy and aoid. Killed a very largo snake and tried to assuage my thirst with the blood. The fluid was hot and salty and made me ill. Reaohed the spinifex again. It is almost a pleasant ohange from the stony desolation through, which I have passed. 'March s.—Scarcely able to pencil in this journal, and in all probability it is little use' doing so as it will never be seen. This is the most awful solitude it is possible to con oeive. The little p cket thermometer whioh I saved from the flood is ranging from 140 degrees to 144 'degrees bb I oarry it along,' Cannot Bpeak; but that is not much loss as I have no one to speak to; Ohetyed'seme o'f the eorub, but it iB as dry as a dead twig, The roots are no better.' Just found a sort of acacia whioh bears a seed, and eat some of them. . Feel better. Cannot be more than four or five miles from the Mount. It Beemt a high one. My eyes are misty and I feel tiredJ Will lie down for a time out of the but if possible, ■ Have bad a dream of Vater land. ]Ah 11 hope my senses are not leaving me—green fields and snow an the hills and home—and friends. My tongue is swollen. Oh I cannot move it. Yes, snow on the hilln—snow on the. hills ! ‘ Why it oannot be.a dream, for surely I see enow now oh yonder rise 1 ‘ Wish my eyes were not so dim. Most get to the snow. Then heavens—then ! ‘ Smoke- ’ The diary oame to an abrupt termination here, and a dead.silence reigned in the oabin. Then Preston’s voice solemnly rose— ■ . ‘ Wlnt horrible sufferings that than most have endured, Barrows? In this diary be only hints at it, for it would have been impossible, for a man in his condition to oalmly-.write down daily the frightful tor tures he was undergoing.’ ; “It'would appear from this that he must have' been alone,’’ broken in . the mate. " There - must ba some truth after all in the: rumor that the pirty was destroyed by a sadden tropioal flood, in, the vicinityof the Herbert River.- = Acaording to this diary the man-we- saw ■;yesterday must ■ have' -been Leichhardt himself,’!, he added in : a lower tone. - . V Yes, I think we must have looked upon the lopg-lost-explorer, and- that 'is what completely pousles me. Why did he try to etosps ; from friends. ' Surely, he could > not regard the white mao as an enemy.’’, ~, ' . '*The O'nly explaaation I csn offerofths mystery, is that the sufferings and honors he underwent in those..awfnl days' of his last' pilgrimage vmust have, unhinged, bis mind. The final entry in the diary goes to show ho. was then delirious,’ . thoughtfolly re marked the mate. > *I, don’t .ses that,’, broke in Preston. 1 When lying down he no doubt dreamt ’of green fields and snow as a man in hit posi tion : might. well do. * His eight - being dimmed: oaused him, when awake, to mis take white' smoke for enow. Perhaps he managed to reaob a blacks’ oamp and was reßooed by. them.’ ‘Or eaten,’ interjected Barrows. ‘Still, you may be right,-but about this fund,’ and; he pointed towards the safe. ‘ Mount Cheerless is the : place indicated, yet how oould he get pearls there?’ • Pearls,’ laughed the Captain, " Yes, he would not be. likely to find them in Central Australia,- . Perhaps, he. got them from the. coast natives by barter. As it is sixteen years since the diary was written he would have many opportunities of doing so.' ‘ Yes,, that is true,’ mused Barrows, ‘what do you propose doing Captain ?’ he asked after a short..pause. ‘We will stay-here a. couple of days to give the blacks, or the owner of this mg, a ohanoe to come to us; Valuable as these are; I would willingly return them for a chat with tbe owner.’ ‘ Yes, there ,is something strange .and mysterious iu the whole affair. I oannot understand it, but feel we are on the verge of a great discovery,’ the mate of the Luoiuda replied. He little knew while speaking how pro phetic his words were. He, at any rate, was standing on the border line of that dim and shadowy land, the secrets of whioh have never yet been penetrated by humanity. ' [To be continued. ) ALL EIGHTS RESERVED, 