DAIRY BACTERIOLOGY. (By -.1. A. O'Callaghan in the "Agkicui. tuiiai Gazette.'') I stated in a paper which I road .before the Congress of the Australian Associa tion for the Advancement of -Science., at the Sydney University, in January, 1808 (a lew months after my arrival in .Australia), that the technique of Australian dairying requires to be more .guided by..bacteriological research than the dairy work of any other country with ■which Australia competes. After a further fifteen months' work in the laboratory and in the. field, I can now safely say that'thc opinion then formed..lias, been. confirmed, even very much more strongly than I expected it to be. In .that paper T also said that the geography of micro-organisms was so little known, and Ausi.ralia.iL-conditions and temperatures wore so different to those of Europe, that if bac teriology was to be of much advantage to Australian dairying a special study would have to be made of the micro-organisms that affect milk in this country. This I now know to be an absolute fact, and it is.rather unfor tunate that no work has hitherto been done on this subject here, because, if there had been, a great many erroneous ideas now in vogue would never have been heard of. To. get truth in these matters established is diili cult enough at any time, but it is very much more difficult when errors well aged and grown strong with time have first 'to"bo disproved. If is how clearly established that almost all the changes which milk, cream, butter, and cheese undergo in process of time are due, either primarily or secondarily, to micro organisms; hence it is not to be wondered at that we find bacteriological research occupy ing a prominent place in all countries of note in dairying, especially in those that have to .solid their products long distances to markets. The early application of bacteriological to dairying has helped materially to place Denmark in .tlio proud position of oh taining.the-highest average price throughout the year tor its butter on British markets. During, tho summer and autumn Irish creamery.^ bntter competes favorably ant. equally with Danish; but when winter comes the Irish farmer retires from the contest and leaves the campaign to bo taken up by Aus tralia, and during, the last couple of vcars Australia, has shown that she is 110 mean op ponent or competitor for the British winter and spring trade. True, France keeps 011 all the year round, but only to a limited extent, and the hurter from this latter country, al though it fetches extreme prices, cannot be said to compete with cither Danish or Aus tralian. trench dairy factories cater for a different-trade altogether, viz., the fresh or tmsalted butter trade of London. The French 121b. rolls and Xormandy baskets are a de cided speciality, in which it will never pay •this.country to dabble. This butter is sent to market quite fresh, and a regular service of fast boats carries it to the London break last table. Irish creameries have latterly been taking a hand in this trade, but owing -to the difficulty in copying the French style of roll and packing, as well as to the fact that Franee hr.s lie.M this trade for many Years, 'and that the British grocer, as'well 'as'the' British consumer are conservative in their ideas, especially when tliey are being given satisfaction, the Irish factories have 11'ot suc ceeded in capturing very much of the French trade. Australia may yet do some-thinf- worth while in very lightly-salted butter, say°butter containing a half or 1 per cent." of salt, which would 011 its arrival in England be made into 1'b. roiia and sold as fresh or. lightly salted buuer. There is 2. great deal of trade in this •c.;>ss of butter, especially in the big towns in the Midlands, and .butter suitable for such trade sills at a lngli price in bulk. Bv adopting a thorough' system of pasteurisa tion, Aus'r.ilian factories may be able to cater for^soir.o of this trade in November, De cember, .laumry, and February; but more of this pasteurising question anon. At the present time our e.vport trade irteht be said to consist of salt butter in bulk, ;uid the best of 1':. sells, on the average, about one penny per In. less than Danish butter. That is it does not in England rank as the hi«liest i ?r best-cm*.* salt butter. Whv is this? 'Eng land is r, country iu which," although there I may ,>0 prejudice to overcome a( first, the ■vst article in time fetches the most money, iicnce, then, we must assume wnat is fact, ^iz., that when Australian butter arrives in England it is not as <rood as is Danish butter 011 its arrival, on English markets, W.v what are the points of difference, what are the causes, and how are they to ho overcome These are questions with which wo have to concern ourselves. I have seen Danish, Irish Dutch, Italian, French, Canadian, and Aus tralian witters landed and sold 111 England. I have seen most of these butters made in tueir own countries, and I have my ideas as to their merits, defects, and the causes thero 0.. I remember the first Canadian creametv butter that; was sent to Manchester, where I happened to be at the time. Tliev were a linked lot indeed—every cask showed a dif ferent qua.ity—but now Canada can tell a dif ferent talo: and while I do not think she will e\or lie much ot a competitor for the English ™^n°i n:;:'e%121V1 h<>!1C!> wil! :2ot in'oT-fere m.uc lally with Australian prices, she will un r;vSr n0 t0 1,0 som£ <Uy ^"^"Cd.with !. .lie English summer and autumn trade un yl'I'l? growmg population of the United .-fates remand a supply from over the border However, Lo conic back to the main ouestion and the elnet competitors that interest us . caiidinavia and Australia. We admit that -hen1) !-rl f,t0r 1V"fc'rU"': io Scandinavian :ii 'i,r ' l>" t England, " and now vc Iiml ,nit the-cause of this de tW«'Xr" wSa? tuC CaUS0 <)f Ulis For tins cfiecv._ defective comes bv cause." The mam points that affect the oualitv 01 butter arc: The food the cattle receive" lie handling and treatment; of the mill; be fore separating: the treatment or ripening 0\. the cream; the manufacture of the butter and the length of time the butter has been made, together with the temperature at ^ Inch it has been kept. Regarding the first point, namely, that of io°d, aH who have studied dairying admit that the best possible food for dairy cattle 1.- a luixed pasture of good grasses. The beautiful flavor for which. Irish butter was so ong noted (Ireland at one time supplied seven-eighths of the total quantity of bntter ""ported into England, and to-day her export of butter is valued at about six millions sterl ing annually) was attributed to tho quality of its old pastures; but it has never been ascertained with certainty as to whether this flavor is due to the pastures themselves or to the oaetena present therein. In late autumn winter, and early spring the Danish farmers have to .land-feed their cows indoors, while aanug cue same period, owing to the fact • hat we live 1,1 the Southern Hemisphere Australian cows are deriving their food from pastures which are in most cases good from a butter-maker s point of view, so that here instead ot a disadvantage, we find the advan tage is on the side of the Australians, es peeally as butter made from pasture-fed cows lias always been known (other things been equal! to keep sweet longer than that from hand-fed cows;. The next point wc come to is the treatment " t!le »»!!- hofore separating, and here the Australian farmer is at a disadvantage. Ilis roads are. as a rule, not so good; °hc has, usually, to carry his milk a greater distance to the separating.station—all needino- time and during this time his milk is subjected' to an atmospheric temperature of between ,0 and 100 F., while.the Danish temperature would be from, say, 15 to 50 F. (this b.eino-. their autumn and winter period); also it' the Australian farmer sends his milk but once a day to the factory he lias these hteh icmpertures to deal with during the-nteht and he has very poor means of dealing with tiicm; lie has not, for instance, the cool spring water oi other dairy countries to en able him to rapidly cool the milk, and he does not, save iu rare cases,, have recourse to the only means at his hand, viz., aeratin- his milk by passing it over a cooler. In connec Hon ■with this it should be remembered that mill; loaves the cow's udder at a temperature (if about; 100 degrees F., and that if water ran be had even at 70 F., and a cooler used, the aerating and partial cooling will work wonders. This treatment of the-milk touches the sub ject of our heading very closely indeed, for all the lime that the milk is being kept at these high temperatures the micro-organisms that have gained access thereto are afforded a lovely developing temperature; and if the milk bo held any time the microbes capable of affecting milk will have done their work sufficiently to interfere with the butter or clieeso maker. Here, then, is a matter for remedy, and the remedy must be founded on a knowledge of the conditions that affect micro-organisms. Our next point for consideration is the treatment of the cream from the. time it is separated until it is made into butter; and, practically. The same reasoning applies here as in the previous ease. In Scandinavia the milk is separated, the cream ripened, and the butter manufactured, . all in the one, factory and under the same su pervision ; so that immediately the cream leaves the separator it can bo cooled do-.vn and ripened according to the wishes of the operator. - How different things arc here! The milk is separated perhaps 10 or 20 .miles away from the butter- factory; it is usually not cooled, and in many eases it does, not reach tlio central factory •until. next day, or late on the day of separation, and during all I this time it is subject to a high temperature, the result being that if there are injurious j organisms present in any quantity they will have all the conditions necessary for them to do mischief. Besides this, the ripening of cream at sncli high temperatures is conducive to early decay. Here, then, is another weak point in our armor, and one that must be mended if we are to light the battle to a suc cessful issue. • I do not here take any notiec of the great amount of private separator cream that reaches the. central factory only two or three times a week, because 1 do not coiisidor it fgood enough to make butter for export. Our next point of comparison is the manufacture of the butter proper, and on : this part wo need not dwell, for anyone, given good cream and cold water, should be able to make a fine butter. The only-. point on which we may be, or ought to be, weak here is the fact that -:'r water though made.cold by retrigoivtien. iSl int. Vie pare, baetei'Lologieuliy. speuk ::g, as the spring water of colder countries. Factories that have not cool .rooms ta work the butter in also suffer by comparison, for though the butter may be firm and nicely | granular leaving the churn, it quickly be comes oily, and- is easily overworked ill our' l warm atmosphere. Finally comes the. question of the age. of the commodity, and with this is inseparably associated the temperature at which the but ter is kept. This is one point on which Aus tralians might justly feel proud, for ou the question of making refrigeration conquer distance they have, aided by the shipping I companies, done much.. There are in Aus tralia trime very excellent cold stores, and in Anstra.-': n central factories some very efli I caeious r-sfrigerators, without which it -would be impossible to send butter of .even-medium quality to (.ireat Britain. Nature with its - varying temperatures lias always, demonstra ted to man that all organic, matter decays more slov.-ly under low temperatures. Wuy I is this? Simply because the bactesia.'.wjuch cause decomposition cannot ■work at very* low j temperatures, our shippers of .bill!or take full advantages of this clearly demonstrated I fcc-t, and manage to send to'England an arti ! elc but little deteriorated in: quality from the time it ■ entered their stores. It, However, lacks the fresh flavor and aroma of newly made butter; . and greatest sin of all- it quickly deteriorates, after it has been taken from the cold chambers and placed on the grocer's counter. Thus it sins against, the grocer, who, though lie may get Danish or top prices for port of a box, will have, to sell the. last few pounds cheap, and the sin against the housekeeper is- just the I same, . for unless there be a. very I rapid consumption say a, -J of every pound will go rancid before if is [ eaten, necessitating this being used for cook > ing. This effect is not without a cause; the | action of micro-organisms has been stilled to a great extent by the low temperature, but a reaction takes place immediately high tem- : pcratures are experienced, and the delayed 1 decay quickly begins; also cold dulls any taints or ili llavors that, are present, and a butter may seem better when it is at a low temperature, say 25F, than it really is,' and it is only when the temperature goes up that 1 the real iiavor is clearly distinguishable. Also any work done during storage by micro organisms, that can work at low temperatures, such :;s moulds, and these do a lot of mischief in b utcr, is only discernible after the tcm | per:' lire rises. 1 airy workers might now ask What arc ihe^.- micro-organisms!-1 from whence do they collie? how tl<i they affect us? how can we j avoid the evil and utilise the good? and how is it wc never heard of such things until of late years? There are many different species of micro? organisms, but the three of interest to those concerned with dairy work are bacteria, yeasts, ; and moulds,: the most important being bae- J ! tei-ia—sometimes called microbes, or fission fungi. The cells of all living organic matter J coat-.-in a substance somewhat resembling jelly, and known as protoplasm, and bacteria might bo described as microscopic plants, each consisting of a single cell, and devoid of ehlorophyl. .This cell, contains the protop | Iasm enclosed in. ail envelope or capsule. Some 'lave-ihis envelope or skin thickerlkau■ others, I and hence their power .of resisting - the in : pj.uv'.'X of heat is greater, while-.others again form what are termed spores (what .the farmer ! might .call seeds'), and these spores have much j greater powers of resistance than the original, organism. Hence it is that different tempera Irres and different -systems have to be re sorted to for. the destruction of bacteria: and thus it is that, the same temperaUvre for pas teurising milk does not satisfy the milk tlriuker or stock-breeder as will sufnee for the -butter-maker, - Nature is full of bacteria. They are met v.-ith.everywhere—in the. air, in water, in the earth, find .in the fields and meadows. Some are always injurious, and some are very use till, while some may be of use to one industry and of injury to another. Like all things possessed of life, they require fo'od, and owing I to the absence of elilorophyl, they must de pend entirely on organic matter for the supply oi thig food. L lifortunately for us in some ways, ami fortunately in otliers, they are very proline, are. very hungry, and there are always myriads of them waiting to be fed. Milk makes an ideal food for almost all of them, hence we must not wonder if we find them strongly entrenched therein. "What we must renicmner though is that- they are not in any way necessary to the formation of milk, and that, the milk of healthy cows should not, strictly speaking, contain bacteria of any kind. However, wherever there is space and food, bacteria will", unless extreme precautions be taken, find their way there, and though thev j are foreigners as far as milk is concerned, j still tiiey find their way a good distance up the milk-duct, of the. cow's teat , and the first milk drawn through the teats will always con tain a number of these organisms, llenee the wisdom of drawing the first drops of milk on flu? ground, a practice which, by the way, has been in vogue for centuries among dairy ing people in the British Isles. The -reason for doing so I have often heard the peasantry in parts of Ireland attribute to the supersti tion that the fairies or ghosts, who it appears were considered capable of being anywhere, made the milk bad unless the: first of it was offered or given to themselves. Science lias dispelled many a superstition, and now an other one must evaporate. When milk is drawn from the cow thousands , of micro-organisms gravitate into it with bits j of dnst from the atmosphere,, and bits of dust and hair from the. cow's skin, and unless they are cheeked they immediately, procced to carry out their different functions. Once prove clearly to. dairy workers that micro-organisms exist in milk, and from whence, they come: also flic fact that, main are injurious to the production of'good butter and cheese, and the n I" believe there will be. a general and healthy inquiry as to how best to proceed so as to prevent the injurious from working mischief, as well as how to utilise the friendly ones. 