MINSTREL, CHORAL & COMEDY j CONCERT. More unpropitious weather than that experienced on Tuesday evening last, the . date selected for the minstrel, choral and ; comedy concert in aid of the fund for ' decorating the Mechanics Hall, could scarcely have been met with. Heavy and continuous rain fell during the afternoon and evening and so inclement were the weather conditions that it was feared that necessity might arise for a postponement of the fixture. This contingency, how ever, did not eventuate, for, despite the very strong inducement which the weather offered townspeople to remain within doors, a great many more of them than could have been at all reasonably expected to do so assembled at the hall just before S o'clock to encourage the promoters of the entertainment, and likewise the performers, by their presence. The result was that something like a £5 or £6 house was secured, hut, had the weather been favourable, the attendance, without doubt, would have been very much larger. A capital entertainment was given, and, in view of the trouble to which the performers had gone to sub mit an acceptable bill-of- fare, and taking into account the worthy object sought to be achieved, it is greatly to be regretted that the financial success of the under taking should have been marred in the manner described. The management of the affair was in the hands of Mr Leigh Harris, while Mr das. Rees acted as hon. secretary to the entertainment committee, and both gentlemen are entitled to great credit for the untiring efforts which they put forth with the high purpose of making the concert a distinguished success. In these endeavours, it is but fair to state, they had the hearty co operation of all others who kindly gave their services in connection with the occasion, Much time and labour were spent by all concerned in making the necessary preparations, and, had every thing essential to the success of the entertainment been as perfect as the j arrangements, the house would, we have no hesitation in saying, have been a bumper and the fund for decorating the hall would, as a consequence, have been most substantially benefited. Under the circumstances, and seeing that the concert was so well appreciated by those who did attend, we doubt not but that its repetition would, under more favour able conditions, attract a full audience. On Tuesday evening after an invisible chorus, “ 0 Hush Thee,” the curtain rose to the overture “ The Merry Boys ” _ by the Magpie Minstrels, the circle (white) consisting of Mr W. A. Blannin, (inter locutor); Dr Lines and Messrs E. F. Daniel, D. W, Birrell, J. Read, L. Harris, G-. Daniel E. Morris and W. E. Dowrick, with Messrs H. and A. Evans, J. Oasey and J. C. Harper as nigger cornermen, the first mentioned as tambos and the latter two as bones. Then followed nearly a dozen enjoyable musical item3, which were interspersed • -favi{$mWn?iRglJ“,.pprneri3ms,’’_ and^ a minstrelsy, while very entertaining, re vealed an excellence of discretion not always exhibited by amateurs, and which, when wanting, not infrequently gives offence. The personalities of the cornermen, who manipulated the bones and the tambos with skill, were so mild as to be free from any objection, while their little stories and conundrums were such as all could en joy and none take exception to. All of the songs were given in a very acceptable manner, and the choruses especially were much relished by the audience. Mr Dowrick sang “ There’ll Come a Time ” with pleasing effect, Mr H. Evans’ Doodah” met with genuine appreciation, and Mr E. Daniel’s singing of “ Massa in the Cold Ground ” was a very meri torious contribution. Mr J. Casey, programmed for the two songs “ Sally Jones” and “Martha Ann,” acquitted himself with credit, and both items elicited hearty applause. Mr L. Harris sang “ My Fiddle is my Sweetheart ” in his usual finished style and did not fail, as is his wont, to delight his listeners. Mr A. Evans’ “ Polly Wolly Doodle” fully merited the appreciation expressed by the audience, and Mr W. A. Blannin’s song “ Star of My Soul ” was certainly one of the most pleasing numbers of the bill of-fare, and evoked liberal applause. A glee by the company, “ In the Hour,” met with unmistakeable favour, after which came a trio “ Kemo Kinno,” and pickaninny dance. The names of the performers, who appeared in character and executed the item most admirably, were not on the programme, and so effectual was the “ make up ” in each case as to completely baffle indentity. This, however, served to make their perfor mance all the more interesting. The trio was composed of the Misses Eva and Claudia Fuggle and Kitty Evans and they are certainly to be complimented on the way in which they acquitted them selves. In the finale, the appearance of a ghost, represented by Mr F. B. Daniel, broke up the “ circle,” caused Mr J. Casey’s “ hair ” to stand on end, and left the audience in a me'rry mood. The second part opened with a cleverly executed piano duet in D. by Miss M. A. Evan3 and one of her pupils, Miss Daisy Blake, both perfor mers acquitting themselves in what, alliterntiveiy, may be described as a" faultless and finished fashion. Mrs Fuggle contributed the succeeding num ber “ Sunshine and Rain and just here we may take the opportunity of observ ing, as we understand she is on the eve of leaving Woodend, that this lady has, during her stay amongst us, willingly rendered the town considerable service by placing her talent at the disposal of promoters of local entertainments. Likewise, the Misses Faggle have given great assistance in the same connection, and we feel sure it will be generally conceded that this ack nowledgment of what they have done for the place is well deserved. Mrs Fuggle’s rendition on Tuesday evening was a meritorious one in every respect. Two other songs followed, Mr G. Daniel singing “Wonders of the Deep,” and Mr L. Harris contributing “ Maris Stella.” Both were given in 6ne voice, and Mr Harris was enthusias tically encored. The Misses Claudie and Queenie Fuggle were well received in a tambourine dance. The third part consisted of an amus ing farce entitled “ Mrs Green’s Snug Little Business,” in which the per formers constituting the caste of charac ters greatly pleased the audience. Briefly, the “plot” of the piece was that Mrs Green was a widow, with a quar tette of suitors each with an eye to her snug little business. Miss Smith im personated Mrs Green satisfactorily and in a natural manner, and the other characters, viz., “ Mr John Rattleton, Mr Rapps (policeman), “Bung” (beadle), and “Joe” (Mrs Green’s boy) were carried out by Dr Lines, Mr J. O. Harper, Mr J. M. Harris and Mr W. A. Blannin, respectively. Dr Lines acting of his part was all that could be desired and was much appreciated ; Mr J. C. Harper “did” the policeman without fault, and Messrs Harris and Blannin likewise contributed to the marked success of the performance. . During the evening Miss Gilchrist played the accompaniments with an efficiency that was pleasing to all concerned. 