THE STORY OF A LONG LOST LOVE. I had thought, in the igDorance bred of London, that the gaff, the serious gaff, was dead. I had it in memory as a lost joy of my youth, illuminated not by oil, but by stars whose names shone only in obBcure constellations. The other day, by a divine accident, I found the gaff again. The wooden fit up stood upon & space of open ground to the north of a country town in SnrrAV. On nnn mc\pi nf tho crrftnn morn cottages, on the other three sides fields and trees trailing off into the dusk of moon light. The general appearance of the fit-up was something between a ship's hull and a mission-room. The door was only just opened. A little crowd of eager boys elbowed to get a glimpse past the fat, placid person whose bulk made the announcement ' one at a time' unnecessary. The faint, curious smell that found its way through the door was almost piquantlv familiar. Did all gaffs smell alike, or was this my old friend of that West Country fair field where I had once disported myself to delirium and a heavenly ecstasy on eighteenpence ? The stage end of the shanty, viewed from without, was certainly about the same. The blotched ana patched canvas, through which the light came reluctantly, the shadows of moving figures, and, above all, the vast bulk of a bottle towering towards the flies, pricked my recollection manfully. Once I had failed to recognise the significance of the bottle, now its offices were clear to me ; evon as I watched a giant hand grasped and carried it to a cavernous, Bliadowy mouth, I returned to the door and examined the long1 playbill which hung1 over the stout lady's head. My heart stood still ! The nime of Mi6s Miranda Devereux, in big capitals, stared at me like a ghost. In those old days Miranda, for quite a week after the fair, had been my only love. I used joyfully to dream of hitting lours to ? square leg with my guinea bat, or taking Smithson major's off stump with a yorker. I had hardly thought of her as a girl ; my affection for Miranda was too deep for that. I paid .my threepence to the boy, who had taken the place of tho etout lady, and went jn. Yee, tlio ye-y drog-curtain was* the same. I knew that Venetian canal (time had reduced the once magnifioent colouring), with its gondolas and lilies, its trailing draperies, its delicious perspec tive, its joyful disregard of everything save the gorgeously picturesque. The foot lights, 1 observed with a sigh, were new ; the piano, played in the wings somewhere, was not. I never saw a curtain rise with braver expections ; the ringing of the bell aet my nerves a-tinglo. The play was performed with the utmost seriousness and high intention. I have, on my honour, seen worse plays. There was a persecuted heiress, a villain-cousin in a silk hat, an innkeeper, and a tinker with his wife and daughter, who held the secret of the artist-hero's birth. The tinker had a sense of humour ; his idea of luxury was ' rum and 'errln's.' I believed it. Miranda was the persecuted heroine ! She had changed, of course. She was older (so much older !), stouter, heavier of foot ; but when she cast agonised eyes to the roof and oried, ' No, no ; I cannot love you !' or turned upon the villain-cousin with, 'One step nearer, and this little hand shall strike you down,' she was as fine as ever. In the last act, in which a fierce duel is fought between the artist- hero and the villain-cousin iu a sumptuous drawing room, she wa3 superb. ' Kill that man j ' she cried, and killed he was, and the cur tain oame down upon happy lovers and a limp corpse. I liugered on after the audience had clattered out over the creaking planks that served for seats. A man, whom I recog nised as the tinker, began to put out the lamps. I stopped up to him and begged to see Miss Miranda Devereux. He eyed me carefully, smiled, jerked his thumb to wards tho stage, and said, ' You'll find her be'ind.' I climbed on fco the stage, laid a profane hand on one of the Venetian palaces, and pushed past tho curtain. A loud bnm of voices came from the wings. I knocked sharply with my heel. ' Come in, can't yer V someone called. I went in. The villain -cousiu was drink ing from a tin can with the lady who had been established all the ontranco. An un easy suspicion crossed my mind. ' I wish to offer my congratulations,' said I, ' to Miss Dovereux, whose admir ?? :? ft1 ? ?.„? ? ? ?. ? .?: '..???.' ?: ? '?'..- . ?????? able performance I have just witnessed. I remember seeing her some time ago in a place far from here. May I see the lady ?' ' There she is,' said the man. ' Wears well, don't she ? Always was a artist.' The lady rose. I bowed, and she was good enough to extend to me a flaccid hand. 'My husband,' abe said, noddirjg at the villain-cousin. I shook hands with him also. ' Madam,' I said, ' you are indeed an artist !' 1 had found and Io3t Miranda. — Pall Mall Gazette. F.jr a G rl's Bedroom — Ad excellent way to treat the fl -or ot a girl's bedroom U to enamel it in some pretty art color and have a rug on I1'. Such a floor is easily kept clean, always looks dainty, and, if given a thin coaMcg of enamel every year, can be kept iu good con dition. Fruit-stains on Table Linen. — Billing water poured through will remove freBh stains. Old ona3 should ba soaked ia or rubbed v,i'h a 11 tile whisky before eending to wash. Of course chloride of lime will remove the stains, but uuless very carefully naed it is apt to burn holes ia the fabric. There is a C9rtaiu Professor kuown by hia friends as Old Pieeenceof-Minn'. The title fell to him in this way : — He acd a friend weut for a littlo expedition down the river In a pair-car boa*\ Tho friend had ihe misfor tune to fall into the water, but a3 he was sinking juBt managed to clutch the edge of the boat. The retjt of iho atory ia beat told in the Professor's own words : — ' If I hain't had the presence of mind,' he told thci Common Room, ' to seize an oar and hit him over the finger?, I should have been drowned — aa he was.' Officer (to new sorvaut) — ' Murphy, I have left my meas boots out this morning. I want them eoled.' Private Murphy — ' Vary giod, sor.' Officer (-ater in tho dr.y) — 'Did you take those boots, Murphy V Private Murphy (feeling in hi3 pocket aud putting on tho table elghteenpecce)— ' Yes, sor; and that's awl I could gut for them. Tba' cosporal who bought thim would have i»lvan two thil HnB av it had bean puy-day,' (Collapse of officer). 