A-LOAN HE DID IT! Quiz mentioned a couple of weeks ago that South Australia would await with some interest Dr. Oockburn's debut as a financial whip in loan matters, and now the genial, cultured, and courtly Doctor has tried his 'prentice hand with results hardly successful. An ideal ambassador, born to shine at courts or in society, at once a diplomat and a courtier, Dr. Cockburn is at the same time utterly at sea in some matters where practical knowledge and experience are essentially requisite. Perhaps he could be aptly described, like Ooleridge, as a ' magnificent dreamer.1 In this he contrasts markedly with ' Honest Tom ' Playford, the shrewd old market gardener of Norton Summit. Playford was more of a general-agent than an agent-general. He hates style and he detests show. Appearing in court dress was the severest trial he ever experienced. Yet in matters of business, great and small, he had the eye of the lynx and the mind of the statesman. Dr. Gockburn's first attempt at placing a loan must be condemned for two good reasons. First, he acted in an important matter apparently without con sulting his chief the Treasurer ; second, his little experiment cost the country a sweet £\2,500, which, of course, is not much—when you say it quick. Mr. Holder has tried loyally to back up his colleague, but between the lines it is easy to read a great disappointment and chagrin. By having the loan underwritten the dotation expenses were increased by twelve and a half thousands, while results have proved that the loan would have gone off easily without that precaution. Had the Treasurer authorised this step the blame would fall on him. But the impulsive Doctor, guided by the best motives and anxious to make £ sure,' acted without authority. Quiz thinks that little impulses like these are apt to prove expensive. A more inexcusable blunder could scarcely be imagined, for the minimum was so low that the country's credit must be worth very little if there was any risk of failure. It would be high time to leave off going for loans if a three per cent, loan of one and a half millions at a minimum of ninety-four and a half could not be negotiated without paying out ooe per cent, extra in commission. The loan business is a fine industry for John Bull, who makes a big hole in the principal before handing it over, and then pockets interest on the full amount. But it is not such a good thing for the people who have to pay the piper. Quiz thinks that Dr. Cockburn has been the victim of his own misguided en thusiasm, «nd this little reminder of his mistake is written more in sorrow than in anger. All have heard of the soldier whose life was saved through a bullet lodging in his Bible, which he carried in a pocket covering his heart. The hoary romance is thus set forth by the Detroit Free Press :— One day a bullet struck a pious soldier— The ghost he didn't yield— Above his heart and in his bosom pocket A Bible was his shield. A marvellous deliverance, and worthy Of any poet's rhyme ; But just suppose that soldier had been reading His Bible at the time ! 