ITursery Accidents. When anything gets into the eye the eye should be widely opened bv the finger and thumb of the left hand of rhe operator, while the little object can then be removed on the corner of a handkerchief by the right hand. If it is inside the upper lid, however, a pencil or darning-needle must be placed flat upon the upper eyelid about half-an-inch above the lashes, and the lashes are then drawn upwards, while the pencil is kept steadily pressed against the eyeball, and the patient told to look down. If there is anything in the eye the lid should be kept closed, and the affected eye should not be rubbed ; but sometimes it is a good plan to rub the other eye, causing an increased flow of tears, by which means the object may be got rid of ; and blowing the nose will also sometimes draw the tears that way and help its removal. Cold water or cold tea may then be applied to subdue any inflammation. Lime, mortar, or plaster in the eye •are very dangerous, but if seen directly after the accident they should be treated by syringing with cold weak vinegai and water. If some time has passed b,\ olive oil should be applied. The child should be put to bed, and a doctor sent for as soon jis possible, to ascertain the a mount of the injury. Children will often push some little object up the nose or into the oar, and this is best left till the surgeon can re move it. although it may sometimes be got out by a loop of fine wire, or by syringing ; but it must be remembered that a very delicate membrane, called the drum of the ear, is stretched across the end of the outer canal, which is only about an ineh and a-quarter long, and that if the nozzle of the syringe is pushed in too far, or the syringing is too forcible, or if the syringe is put iii In such a way that it interferes with the water flowing out, this mem brant may be ruptured, which often leads tc Seafness. It is particularly importanl never to syringe the ear or nose if a pea, bean, or other substance of that kind is in it. as the water will cause these to mvuII and lessen the chance of getting them out easily. A box on the ear or the firing of a heavy gun will sometimes rupture the Irum. and then a sort of humming sound is heard like that of a sea-shell placed igainst the ear. A drop of glycerine :nay be very carefully dropped into the •nr. or a little piece of wool put in very aghtly at the orifice to break any vibrations of sound. Poisoning.—!Children are so curious a:-: to the contents of various cupboards, bottles. &c.;, that it is very necessary :o be on one's guard against poisoning. All poisonous articles should iu> put iiigh above their reach, and their tendency to investigate the contents of mottles should be checked. I know of one case in whiel: r baby of 2 years of age die<: •i'om the effects of drinking nearly nalf-a-pint of raw brandy. Should such i thing happen, and the child take an 'wordose of alcohol in this way. tlie nest thing is to make it sick by giving :t dose of mustard and water or jflding the. throat with a feather. Tlie it tie ones should not be allowed to suck ."he naint off their tors. It sometimes .happens, however, that ? child, owing to carelessness or ignov.'c on the part of its nnrs tilh ti 1 n i i t i T 111 ' t tin m d( at i ni U 1+ £G but ;t von do n t is. administer < 1 < 1 1 1 oi' id T< i soi ^ i t verv •me: t it o ?oci- >f 11 <> re on oH. 1 1 i S s ix laniei! "ing and di rh lb i i n ! d ! It in warm water, t i p lol 1 1 it f 1 quar.ri; ii o i i i of mustard, or a •cnenanha wine, in nmlert'ul of warm * ^ t i t ' ' diould be tickled wun the linger or a 111 "earner.—- • I:ome Aores." By a new French law any one to una guilty of revealing- :he eontontf of a private letter will be punished with imprisonment for six days the '"in to be increased where the opening of the letter id not accidental, even if the contents Aave not been divulged. Theatrical Item.—" Do you think that as a rule people who attend theatres are superstitious ?" '"' Do I think so ? I know it. I have seen people sit for an hour waiting for a ghost to walk." " B'or that matter the actors themselves often wait longer than that." 