THE STORYTELLEB The War of the Quah Ju-ju.* By Cutcliffe Hyne. I. I was accountable for those fire-bare, and that is how the trouble arose. I was chief engineer, you see, and although Captain Debts wos the only other white officer the little M'wara had on board, I had all the responsibilities of the chief of a 9000 ton CuuRrder. I'd my stores checked whtn I took over command ; and I'd to make up an indent of what was expended between each round trip from Sarry Leone ; and if there was any extravagance it was me and not Debbs that would get the blame. I'll own we were doing a roaring burners with passenger- boys ; we took them up or pet them down at every place we stopped at ; the decks of the M'wara were full of them ; and they made the And then we went out on to the verandah at the back, and took fans and chair?, and talked, i don't know when I've teen so struck on a young woman in so short a time.— Chapter T. little steamboat smell like a Glasgow tram-stable. But they'd got a knack of dying which we couldn't hinder. Fever knocked them over, and dysentry, and others of the plagues of Africa which we white men have no name for ; and some I do believe died for no other reason but just to stir up trouble between Debbs and me. You see, Captain Debbs wa6 great on funerals. He was a member of some fancy new sect which had got a mission rn Sarry Leone, and he believed that if he could get in a funeral service over a dead nigger, and have him sent over the side with a couple of fire-bars made fast to bis thins, he'd grabbed that nigger as a bona fide convert. It would have been no use arguing with the man : he was clean convinced. And, as a matter of fact, I didn't argue ; but I forbade my fellows down in the stokehold to let him have a free run of those fire-bars. One fire-bar is enough to sink any dead nigger with decency, and more is Bheer lavish extravagance. Two's luxury only fit for a white man. But Captain Debbs was not the man to give up his position without words ; and, moreover, he was new to the Coast, and only kaew the black man from what he'd learnt through tracts aad roippionary books at home. Sajshe, 'Mr. M'Todd, they're my brothers.' ' Weel,' paid I. ' if ye Fay they're your brithf-rs, I'll do be rude enough for to deny it. You Englinh have some queer connections. But they're do relatives ot mine. I'm Scottish my sel'.' For that he knocked me down, but I pulled him to the derk also, and pummelled him so that it W8s two days before be got back his penpep again. It was me and the kreoboys that took ihe M'wara back into Freetown : and it was me the owners packed the moment I stepped afhore. But I know for a fact that Debts was stopped his game with the fire-bars from then onwards. Each dead nigger got bia proper wback on one fire-bar, neither more nor lew*, and I tak.e credit for having preserved the rule of the Coast. Now what I did for the next six months in Sarry Leone is a matter of my own concern, and I do not care to publish it in these present me moirs. I was not making a fortune just then, and if I did cot starve it was because white men in a We6t African colony do not care to let the niggers lejoice by peeing another white man go hungry. But the next piece of remunerative occupation which I found — and it caused me to sign on again as chief engineer of the M'wara — wan a surprise even to myself. Indeed, if anyone, before I found the job, had telled me that I, the pon of the most highly respected minister in the Free Kirk of Scotland, would ever imperil my life for the safety of a heathen idol, I should have said straight out that he leed. And if anyone had added that I should be lugged into the business through sheer liking for a young woman who was not even white, I phould have said that not only did he lee also, but he'd a very poor acquaintance with the me thod* of Neil AngU6 M'Todd. The young woman's name was Laura Cameron, and I came to know her through her father, who kept a store on the Kissy-road. It was he that approached me about the business first, and I let him know straight that he'd got hold of the wrong man. He'd the sense not to push me too hard. ' Maybe you'd like time to think it over, sar,' says he. ' Xo.' eaid I. ' Palaver set.' ' Very well, tar,' says he with a sigh, ' palaver set. And now, Bar, I ask you to come into house, an' my daughtah phall swizzle you cocktail. Ptr haps you will stay for chop afterwards ? ' ' Right-O,' said I, and stepped through the back of the shop. The old man was a mulatto : in colour like a ginger-bead cake ; and he talked ordinary Coast English. The daughter (I was a good deal sur prised to find) wa& many shades lighter. In fact, she was as white to look at as myself, with hair that wasn't even kinky, and pink colour to her cheeks, and a figure as good as any lady's you could see on the stage. And if I'd met her in Englind, and not known who she was, I'd not have cared to f-peak, she'd that much manner about her. But knowing she was only a nigger, of course I was jupt as free with her as I should be with you, and sat down on the table, and called her ' my dear ' from the very start. But she wax not one to take liberties with, though. She had been to partiep, and danced with officers of the Wppt India Regiment, and she had a full opinion of her own looks and responsibilities. And because it wasn't as eacyro get on with her as with some, I think I liked her all the more. She'd been in England to school, and could play the harmonium, and speak French, and do geography. There were plates, band-painted by herself, hung on the white-washed wall of their sitting-room. And she'd a school ftiend that had stayed near Ballindrochater throughout one holiday. It was plain that she was splendidly educated. I was born ic Ballindrocbater myself. She invited me to have a second cocktail, but I know my weakness, and refused. And then we went out on to the verandah at the back, and took fans and cbairp, and talked. I don't know when I've been so struck on a young woman in so short a time. I stayed on to tea, but her father didn't come in, and she and I had it together. A regular slap up tea it was too : none of your common native chop ; but tinned salmon, and marmalade, and pickles, same as you might have here at home. It was the most Christian blow- out I'd had in Sarry Leone. After tea we went out to the verandah again, and one of the chairs was gone. I sat me down and invited her to my knee, and after a bit of a pout she came. It was moonlight and quite cool, I and we didn't even have to fan* She gave me a I good black Canary cigar, and lit it with her own I pretty fingers, and I tell you I felt as comfortable I a man as any in Africa. ] Presently she leans her head against mine, and I ' Mr. M'Todd,' says she, ' would you do me a I service ? ' { ' I'm no' a very affluent man just now,' said I, j ' but anything you ask, my dear, shall have i my best consideration.' ! ' I do not want you to buy me anything,' says she, with a little shake to my arm. ' I want you to do something that will bring in money to yourself.' ' I'm no' one of those that despises siller.' ' You can have back your old berrh on the M'wara if you'll do as I wish, and have £50 above and beyond your pay.' ' But the M'wara's going up the Quah River to-morrow to take soldiers for a bit of a war there. I heard as much down at Gibraltar wharf to-day. Debbs i» still skipper, and the owners would never let me go aboard again whilst Debbs is there.' ' Mr. M'Todd, I know all that. But you're wrong in one thing. Tbe owners will give you back your old berth as chief if I wi»b it.' ' Weel, if you can work it, my dear ? ' ' I can and will, if you promise to do for me what I ask.' ' And what might that be? ' She put her lips elope to my ear. ' Neil, darling,*' she whispers, ' I want the Quah Ju-ju.' I took a long pull at tbe cigar. ' That'll be the big idol the war's all about ? ' said I. ' It isn't very big, Neil. You could carry it under one arm ' ' I shouldn't like to try. It's a foul thing they make human sacrifices to, isn't it ? ' She drew herself away from my shoulder. ' Ob, I've heard some such tale. But if you're fright ened, Mr. M'Toild, I needn't bother you any more.' ' It's curious, said F, ' but your dad was pumping me on the eelf-same subject. Only he offered me £25 instead of £50 if I could set the idol down in his shop.' (Continued on page 1363.) \,. . . . . } . I . {Continued from page 1351.) ''Father's very anxious to get it, I know. That's why Fm anxious, just for bis sake. That's Why I offered so much money.' -*~ ?''* ** Tell have tried your hand on Debbs P ' I said at a venture. . ' Captain Debbs, he mission-man,' says she, dropping into the native phrase. *' And T mate no doubt you've also tried the officer .commanding the West India troops ? ' I paid at another venture. She drew away from my knee, axA stood up before me in the moonlight. I Baw that her face was flushed^ Her fingers clenched and worked. ** Mr. MTodd,' says she, ?* I do not ohoose that you should be my inquisitor. This evening you have expressed admiration for me, and offered, if the chance came in your way, to do me service. I a&k; you a little thing, and at once you fail me. : Oh,' she cried, wringing her hands, *' why aren't I white f '{hen I could have fifty men who'd jump to do as I wish.' ' You are white to look at,' I said. ' You're whiter in skin than myself.' ' But uot in blood, and yon know it, ^ud take advantage of my colour. You wbi.'.v men are brutes. You think that all who are not born sjs yourselves are merely sent into the world to make yon ease or sport.' Weel, yon was quite true, but it did sot make xne feel in any the better conceit of myself, for all that. I bit hard on to the Canary cigar, aud .stared out at the shadow of a pains -tree thrown black across the garden soil by the .moonlight. It didn't seem that I'd any thing left to say. The ' girl leaned up against one of the verandah posts, and I saw her tfosom heaving. Her eyes shone bright with tear3 in the moon. ' -Jh, Neil — Neil,'' I heard her say in sort of whispering sobs, ' I didn't think you could be so cruel to me like the others.' I got up and clapped an arm round her. I thought it was only right. ' My dear,' I said, *? what do you want this idol for ? ' ' What does it matter ? ' says she miserably. ' You don't care.' ' You'd better tell me, and then may be I can help' ** My father has a commission to buy up native curiosities for a gentleman in England who is making a collection.' I hugged her to me. ' You'd found it easier to have told me before, my dear. I thought, from what your dad hinted, it was for something else. You shall have the ugly thing so soon as ever I can come back with it, if you can fix me up that berth on the fcTwara.' ' Oh, that's simple. I have influence with the owners. But how can I be sure you will get the ju-ju for me ? ' ' Because I tell you.' ' But I am only a nigger girl, and you will think nothing of breaking your word to me.' I took a long breath and lied bravely. I could ; do no less. You'd have lied yourself, if you'd been there with that girl snugging close to you under the moonshine. ' Laura Cameron,' I eaid, ' I look upon you as white as a Governor of Sarry Leone. I look upon you aB white as myself.' She thanked me with a squeeze. ' But the ju-ju will be very hard to get,' sayB sho. ' If yon let the soldier officers know anything about it, they will stop you et once.' ' Oh, those swine are always on the loot for themselves. Catch me talking.' ** And the Quah tribes are very savage. You will not find it easy to take the ju- jufrom them.' *? I'm no' quite a lamb myself,' said I, '* when it comes to pagan niggers standing in the way of what I want. Will you seal the bargain ? ' *' How can I do that, Neil ? ' says she with a blush. . ? *' A Mss would make it safer than a charter party stamp,' said. I, and there and then we pledged the contract. I'd have .married that girl oat of hand that very day, if I'd seen my way to setting up a household. But I hadn't a shilling . in my pocket ; I'd to go to sea and earn more ; and so it was no use saying what Fd in my mind. Eh, well, there are times when a man can look back upon poverty and ken it's been a useful thing to him.' II. The M'wara was standing our past the wh|te lighthouse on the point, and threading her way amongst the jhoals. Freetown was out of sight behind a green wooded shoulder,' though a build ing or two . showed amongst the trees higher up on ihe mountains. 3?ar away on the starboard hand was the low swampy Bullom shore, and ahead was the open Bea, glittering like diamonds in the sunlight. We'd two hnndred black soldiers of the West India Regiment on board, with machine guns, and grub, and ammunition cases, and all their other: truck ; and they didn't leave much standing room. The M'waKuwas only SO tons. If she'd been bigger she'd not have had An uncertificated engineer for Chief, and the only white man in her stokehold. I was standing in my engine-room door to get a breath of air, and have a think. And us I watched the wooded shores slip by, with the breakers creaming right up amongst the tree loots, I can't say that the situation altogether ; pleased me. I had gone to the office as directed, and seen the owners, and asked to be pnt back in imy old berth, just as iaura had told me. 'They gave me the billet withonta warning ; 'they feed out another Tnan tnon and there to make it vacant j and they looked npon me whilst the buBineas was being done as though I was some strange animal in a show. I took it all with an easy face ; I didn't -turn a hair; I could keep a brazen look en me before the Provost of 'Edinburgh, but I didn't feel comfortable for all that. It looked as if there was some biggish influence being brought to bear for the sake of a mere native curiosity. The thing didn't seem proportionate somehow. And I heard the Camerons .name whispered i about the office in a way whioh told me they j were more considerable people than I had guessed. Yet there was one tiling certain : whoever was ) In .-at fiie back of the matter, Debbs was not. ; Debbs had met me at the head of the gangway - when I came on board, and ' By thunder ! ' says he. 'It's M'Todd ! Is it you they' ve ; sacked my last Chief for P By thunder,' says he, ' you aren't fit to finger a lump of waste that man man's wiped his nose with.' ' You're wearing my marks on your face yet,' said I, ' and if you don't carry a civil tongue, I'll give vou one or two more to add to the col lection.' ' You don't appear to have grown another tooth,' says he, ' in place of that one I unbent.' ' I left the gap to remind me of you and your ways,' said I. *' How's the funeral trade P ' I said, for I knew that would touch him. He didn't trust/himself to speak. He turned - away, and I make no doubt gave his own tale of myself to the soldier officers, for excepting as the baldest of duty matters, no further word did I have with either them or him till the M'wara got back again to her anchorage -off Freetown, Sarry ' Leone. It suited me very weel ; and though probably Debbs was pleased enough to mess in the cabin, it's nothing in my line to have to wash np and dress, just to Bit down and be uncomfortable with a lot of swells. So I just used to chop alone is my room ; and I preferred much to do without com pany, rather than be sawneying with that sort. It took us a two days' run down to the mouth of the Quah River, and we had to hang off 24 hours more because a bad ssa was running on the bar, and we should have been swamped if we'd tried to cross it. As it was we bumped pretty bad in going in, and had the decks owept fore and aft. A native pilot came off to take ns up the river, for Quah Town was some 38 or 40 miles above the mouth. It seems we were wanted in a hurry. The Quahmen had got their tails up again, the three European factories were in a state of siege, and the whiteB in them were scared out of their lives. All was hurry then, you can bet. The soldier officers were full of fight, and it was ' Push along those engines of yours, Mr. M'Todd,' twenty times a day. But twice the nigger pilot put us on a mud bank, and we had to perch there whilst a tide fall and rose, and it took the M'wara nearly 50 hours to do the 40 miles. The mud banks gleamed against the wiry mangroves on the banks, the sun glared from overhead, and the brown waters of the river gave out a amell of marigolds fit to make you choke. The whole plane reeked with fever, and I rolled a cigarette *paper full of quinine and swallowed it every watch. But at last we came up with the factories, and then the fun began. All the buildings had been grass-roofed with bamboo walls, but two of them had been . burnt out, and not one of them could withstand a gun shot. They'd a palHsadexaund the whole, with sentries here and there, and they looked very warlike and very .sick and very down on their luck. There were only 10 whites, all told, and eight Portuguese and 60 krooboys ; and their principal weapons were flintlock ' trade ' guuB made, out of gas-piping, with only cut nails and trade powder to load them with. There was no fighting going on when we . steamed up. The native town was in »t the back, and there was a noise coming from it of torn- ' toms, and bits of iron clashing together, and music of that kind, that made you think of shipbuilding* yards on the'good old Glyde. It appeared they'd one of their ' customs ' on in the native town,: and that they'd captured some dozen of the fac-j tory krooboys, and were going to sacrifice them to the ju-ju first, and chop them afterwards. Of course that was only natural. What else can you expect niggers to do if you stop down the slave trade P Sell if he can, and eat if he can't, is part of the black man's gospel. Our soldier officers were very full of bustle. A wharf straddled out into the brown river from one of the faotories, and Debbs (according to in structions) laid the M'wara squarely across its end. They got all Iheir giddy warriors ashore, took over the defence of the place from the traders (who were glad enough to be Bhut of it), and prepared to fight according to book. It was edifying to watoh then, and I hoped they'd give the Quahmen plenty of occupation. But for my self, I'd the business matters of Miss Laura ?Cameron to .attend to. -. ' . ' '? ] Now I quite t understood by this time that grabbing that idol was not the soft job it iad looked in Sarry Leone. But the longer it was put off the worse it would get. And for this reason. -The soldier officers were after the ju-ju themselves. It was common talk of the ship that if once they got it in charge, the war would end with a snap ; and the Quahmen, with their king at the head of them, would come in and make submission. And besides, if the Quahmeui were badly, pressed by the troops, Shey would 'try. and carry the ju-ju off to the bush, and hide it insome £pot where no mortal white man co^^pye. So anyway the longer I waited, the w^^chance I would have of being successful ; *mfl if I wanted to earn that fifty pounds, it had grot to be done at onoe. So that evening, after I got my «nginan cleaned down and everything made snug, I put on fresh pyjamas, and lit a cigar, and went ashore. I couldn't get any of the whits men of the fac-' lories apart, as they were all too much taken np with Captain Debbs and the soldier officers. Bat I got hold of a Portngee who spoke English, and I must say he treated me as quite the gentleman. He'd only trade gin and a seat in the f eteeeh* to offer, bat he put them both at my disposal, and was willing to talk till his tongue dropped ont. But I was not there to discuss the falling oS in the ground-nut trade, or the probabilities of next season's crop of rubber and palm-oil ; and, after he'd blown oS the first head of his steam on that, I clamped him down to the tune I wanted. ' Yousabby dem ju-ju house in Quah Town P ' I said. ' Sabby plenty,' says he. ' Before troubles, I used to lib for town one afternoon each week.' ' Whaf s this « cnstom ' they're on at now ? ' ' All-e- same cannibal palaver,' says he. ' Dey pinch twenty-a krooboys from here, and dey kill 'em funny ways in front of jn-jn.' 7 ? fletail Store. ' Chop »*m after f' M 'YoBbet-aj'«aysh8. . jj 44 Ju-ju house lib for dis Bide of native town P ' *jf ' Lib for middle,' says he. 'I show you, v# Senhor,' says lie, andingBout-a-stub of pentdL ' ''» and draws a chart on the whitened head of a palm- l|»n oil puncheon. The noise of the tom-toms from fijj| the native town came to us as he drew. -.. \mf ' Thank yon,' said I, ' I'll remember that jffi chart. Do they keep this blessed .concert Tunning fjp all night through P ' S « DiBwhidua P ' ^* § ' Dis tom-tom palaver.*' r -m. 11 Oh, ' concert/ yes, I sabby No dey atop him . m when dey finish deirkrooboy chop, and den dey JB-. all lib for houses to keep away from .ghosts: ~f fife 3abby?' ?-??.' .? ' Sabby plenty. I know flieir Btfis wayf. '|«. Well, my eon, 1Mb back for 'eteamer.' \ ' \«k ' You no stay sleep-a here.4' ?? 'Not much,' said I. « IlibbackiorJaiyfiTO ..SB bunk, one-time. But 101 have another drink 1||| with yon first to our next meeting. Here's fan.' %.r:. And I liftedthesquare- face, and then passed it «| on. 'Solong.oldman.' . v ^M 44 So long-a,' said the Portngee, and ihete I ';'^§; left him. He had told ane all I wanted. ?:. | (2b J* etmtimui.) '; 