Bill Green's Ghost: A Legend of Tin Can Flat. 1.1 aes written for the Champion upon a supper of tinned oysters and bottled stout. A night mare. O'er Tincan Swamp On muggy nights When frogs " womp-womp" And Nature bites; When dingo lifts his cheery voice And serenades T'entice the dingress of his choice 'Way in the shades ; When centipede from 'mongst the bits Crawls up your leg and gives you "fits," Oh, then] I ween Tlic sprinting ghost of William Green Is sometimes seen Seen thare Chaiin a ylioztly Mus-lee-tare ! Kill Green, he was a drover. Oh, Bill Green, he was a lad ? The best (yet worst) good specimen Of jolly day you'd place -within Therof-e-gory bad! At tailing mobs of monkics, some Said better never went; For he ne'er lost At any cost Morn 73 per cent.! Bat O, ray truthful tongue must tell He had a habit vile Of usin' words, Bad, wicked words, In's own per-tik-ler style! Of sayin' swears. Had, wicked swears Could hear 'em mor'n a mile ! (This hint's a-llessin Say, mister, is my yarn dry too Like this 'ere hat-mo* fear i' If so, I'll yuess I'll clear, JYb ? um-vdi, I don't mind if I do Htnct you're so jmssiiL And yet another Bin Bill sinned: He loved a glass of such ! But it would pass This love of glass If not of glass too much ! Some ten years gone. Bill tailed a mob Kight down the Bel-y-an, And when he'd de Li v-er-ed lie Came back to old Tineas: And he, because upon that trip He'd had a drootliy time, Must sink liis cheque To be a wreck Adrift on beer and wine ! " Tincan," he said, " we want a spree. We're both as dull as load Hear me swear brown, I'll paint Ve down A bright ver-niill-yon red !'' And onst the sayin' he had said He set about it quick, And up and down The one-horse town Went, layin' it on thick ! More glorious time than Bill Green had >o better man deserves. So thick and strong He laid it on That paint got to his nerves ! And Hill, he got it badly That bad attack of " nerves He couldn't talk, lie couldn't walk Excep' in crookit curves '? And then he took things in his head That hadn't been before. He saw fresh snakes Of brand new makes And crawley things galore ! And devils too Of every hue. Troggin' ahint, afore ! And last, and wust, his fancy drew A big black lnus-kee-tare, Which round ami round poor Bill it itew. Tor days it liuzzed, it hit him too, Yet from his list could steer ! A million times we told liini that He'd killed that mus-kee-teer. 'Twas all in vain. In fever'd brain 'Twould come again And buzz right in his ear. Or through the clothes Would bite his toes, Or sting his nose, Or it would hover near ! Till, though our patient we would mend Our patient's patience came to end. Mad and enraged at skecter spurious Dill was worked up to frenzy furious: Threw bedclothes by And raisin' high A dreadful cry. Swore he, 'tired in night apparel, Swore, with awful double-barrel " If I've to chase that brute to Doom, I'll crush him, by the Holy Broom !" Then came a crash, A lightning Hash, A stagg'rin' smash ! Then, mid sulphur fumes and cinder, Urimstone, pitch, ana burnin' tinder (None of us, of course, dare hinder. ltang! went Bill (ireen through the winder! And thus, like witch upon her stick, He passed to outer gloom. For wicked ways, The legend says. He'll chase that imp to doom " Be blest!" You say " Be blest P Stran-gare ! If you would see that ghost, go West, fl'm jist from thare) 'Bleve me, you'll stare To see that ghost chasing A ghostly inus-kee-tare ! I'm done ? The yarn you have, it's Truer'n some ! .Xbc MOR.M. is: '. Have no HAD HABITS V Youv'e some ? Oh, well, Each 'as 'is! MINE'S ROM ! O. X'IAX. X. 