THE ST0BYTELLJS3B Kuzhat. By Eden Phix-potte. Illtjbtbationb by Heebeet Schmalz. I. In great ambient splendour of sunshine lay a Jaffa orange orcbard. The light, winnowed through shining foliage, played in splash and streak and suddeD flame among purple t-hadows ; the oval fruit made a twinkle of red gold on bending boughs ; ard beneath the trees all the tangled grass was gemmed with crimson and violet anemones, with lecper flowerets of lemon hue, with the wild arums of Syria, in colour v chrysopi a*e ttained with rose. The buzz of steel scissors, lit-/* c4*-ir!n1 i 4 inn rvf nmondn rt-rwtlrfifu fillt.il i Vi a air ? laii^oru a¥s\f\A figain8t many of the aden trees : and, aloft, Syrian and Ethiopian made gorgeous colour. Their brilliant vfeture gleamed, and their weapons flushed among (he oranges. Women, with whining pongn, bore the fruit away where growing pyramids and poo's of gold occupied the busy bands of sorters and packers. About this evergreen nest of RimfhiDe r- se tall cypresses, like sentinels guarding treasure, and, upon the hill sloped above them, stretched the silver grey of olive.', glimmered red- tiled habitations and rose the minaret of a little mosque. ' Once fhe stopped and gave a wailing beggar-child a piastre.' ' Presently he stopped under a tree where a roan stojd and gazed towards the noith with idle eye.-'.'1 .Like an encircling1 arm the Judean hills caieceed thin ecene, and the white road that led (o JfiU'-blim faded away into remote haze of sunshine and azure distance. Ben Hdfi»-anf ihe fiuit growt'i. moved amongst .his people inciting them to ac tivity. He was a stout but comely Syrian, placed by his father's early death in a position of opu lence atd some power while yet Dnly fiveaEd twenfy ; bnt he walked after the precepts of Mohammed, did justly according to bis ligh-p, and had many friends, lie plucked a lemon as he went, broke it, and wiped his forehead and hands with the juice. Presently he stepped under a tree where a man stood and gazed towards tho north with idle eyes. ' You work not, Jamr Shadid,' he said sharp The other, recalled to reality, started and nearly dropped his Hcisnors on his master's head. ' Pardon. I was in the spirit, Ben Hassan.' ' I pay you not to dream but work,' paid the orange-grower, and anger lighted his face. ' Imagine neither that your wild thoughts are ' Christ, my Master, came.tojoae, even as aforetime He came to Simon the Tanner, whose habitation stall stands here, by the well and fig-tree above the sea.' bidden from me nor your madness coTered up. Be advised and concern yourself no more with Nuz hat, the daughter of A.bu Luluab, lest harm fall upon thee, for I have seen and loved her. ' De light ' is the meaning of her name ; and my de light she will be, not, thine.' ' Why are you so greedy, Ben Hassan P You have money and women and lands, (live presses and camels, much cattle, and this Syrian gold gleaming here under my hands, that turns to English gold in good season — is it not enough ? ' ' What is that to thee, dog ? ' Jamr Shadid. ' the Live Coal,' as his Syrian friends in Jaffa called him, was in reality an Armenian. Bui- ho accepted the name, and no man knew bin real appellation. He was a small wiry person, with a clean chin and bright ey en. He wore shoF6 upon his fiet, and bad tome regard for hi* apparel. Even his turban was dandified. But he lived from hand tn moutb, and huunted the d»r\i plates of Jaffa. None knew any good of him, save that be could sing magically and sway women with tbe magnetic P'twer that is giwn to some men — generally the worch '?Peace and earn your wage,' said Ben Has san. ' No muie of thin.' ' Enow you the wtorv of him who stole the poor mao'b ewe lamb ? ' ' This tu me ! Descend and depart ! ' stuttered the master, while Jamr Sbadid from the altitude of the orauge Iree looked down upon him. 'To be bearded by an infidel beggar upon my own earth ! Go out from before me ere I forget my strength ! ' His great red face blazed, and the fez above it shook Other scissors in trees arouud ceased at the high words. Then, in the silence that fol lowei them — click, click, click, they began again. ' I will go with a glad heart, for it has long been on my foul that I was taking thy wage. Now I speak as man to free man.' He descended slowly, then cast down his look and stood close a?aint-t Ben Hassan. There wan a dispaiity almost ludicrous in their sizes. But the infidel 6tood ftiffly and showed no fear. ' You speak of the old man, the grey-bearded father of Nuzhat. Shall a parent dictate to a maid that lovec ? Know, then, that she worships me and the nightingale in my throat better than all your fatness. She would rather lr»mp the Binds and live under the l.ide of a beast with mo than press the softest pillow in your harem.' Ben Hassan allowed himself great freedom of speech when anger shook his massive frame. ' Be gone, and may your name rot, Godless dog ! Haste away, and heed your actions ; for power is power, and did you vanish to feed fish or breed warms under the green grass, Jaffa would ask no question, knowing herself the richer. Hide as you will, you shall not escape from the eye and ears that I pay to watch and listen.' ' Great words hurt no more than the thunder, that can only turn milk sour for all its noise. You are a boy — a big blustering boy who has yet to feel the sting of Fate's whip. Cry for tlio moon, Ben Hassan ; you will win that sooner than my Nuzhat ! ' ' By Allah, you are brave, having nothing to lose ! Get hence -with your cunning, Armenian fox, or I will pet the dogs upon thee ! ' ' I go. Her father and her mother are upon your side. She is on mine. And God is over all. Farewell.' He departed through the crowd at the gate, through the din and dazzle, the blaze of heat, the sharp scent of rotten fruit, and the hot t-mell of many camels that squatted among the orange boxes and bubbled with angry protest as their loads increased upon them. II. Jamr Shadid dwelt somewhere withiu tLe un (Continued on Paere 1570.) ' ' Unhappy am I,' she said ; ' would I were yonder beggar- woman from Bethlehem.' '' savoury precinte of Jaffa Wharf, and mow, re turning thither by way of the bazaar?, his eye fell where bis thoughts were busy, and he saw Nuzhat Luluah beside a etall purchasing the red earthern boles that surmount a hookeh. Her slim girl's shape was clad in dark garment of the blue cloth ; her head was bidden, and only her eye8 peered above her yaehmak ; but in them was a fire, and her olive skin brightened as the blood leaped to her cheeks at sight of her lover. Nuzhat's little mind, like her pretty body, was budding towards ripeness. Jamr Shadid bai whispered a new philosophy beyond the Mos lem's. She burnt in spirit to think that fathers and brothers bad power to sell women to the highest bidder ; and the Armenian to gain his own ends and win her, had painted his creed a fair thing, his Prophet one whose hand was ever stretched to the weak. Nuzbat clutched at these whimperings of other ways. She poured ont her young love on the rascal with the sweet voice, and, quickened by desire for him, a mind between two stools of faith, fell into dark ways and wel comed deceit and lying. Yet she ever prayed at dawn and dusk little prayers in the name of both prophets — now to Christ, now to the Camel-driver. Nuzhat lowered her silk shawl for half a second, and one *raall hand with a silver ring on it peered like a brown mow-e from her sidp, touched Jamr Shadid and dicappeared. A moment later she met him out of the grlare of the bazaar in black shadows at the confines of the quarters of the brass-workers. He had beckoned her there without speaking, and bo passed on. Now, hid den from the eye of Jew and Gentile, and despite the clink and clatter of the t-mithp, be found time to ttll her of all that had juist befallen him ; and she mourned and laid betore him her own evil news. *' Utbappy am I,' the said ; ?? would I were yonder beggar-woman from Bethlehem, for she Las a man's whole love, and so is rich as the world can make her. In a week they will give me to Ben Ha&san.; Not an hour ago I passed his two wives taking the air i'd a great carriage with horses, and I grew old to think of what lay before me.' ' It must Lot be. I have waited for this. Say only again that you love me, and leave the future to me.' ' How well you know it ! My ' Live Coal ' has burnt nothing as he has burnt my heart.' ** Last night,' said Jamr, inventing his romance as he proceeded with Oriental ease in spinning of story, ' Christ, my Master, came -o me, even as aforetime he came to Simon the 'Tanner, whose habitation still stands here, by the well and fig tree above the sea. To me He came and spoke and said, ' Jamr Sbadid ' — for by that ?name He called me — ' Jamr Shadid, arise and get thee out of Jaffa with her whom thou lovest : Nuzhat, the lamp of a house in darkness. Take ship and. hasten to Beyrout by night. To-morrow thy master shall spitefully uee thee, and thy time in Jaffa is ended. Even so He spoke, and thus far it has oome about.' ' He is a live Prophet who can thus think of the humble and btretch His kind hand even to me who am not signed with his seal.' 'Fear not. You toj shall be a Christian,' ' ' Delight ' is the meaning of her nauie. declared Jamr Shadid with authority. ' Meet me here at noon to-morrow by tie stall of Hafiz the fruit-seller. He knows me and we have had dealings together. Then will I say all that is in my mind, for it may be that I shall see the Lord in a vision yet again. We must keep secret and use speed.' ' It is thy Prophet's gocdwill that I leave father and brother, sister and mother for thee ? ' ' Who can doubt ? He has set it down. But we must be cunning and help ourselves. Even God cannot guide the bliud if he refuse to use his feBt. To-morrow— till then.' He held the small hand again and lifted it to his lips. So the two patted : Jamr Sbadid to build another lie on the foundations of that he had told ; Nuzhat full of much desire towards the kind Prophet of the Christians. Her eyes shone with trust and with love ; there was in her heart a wordless, soundless song of thanksgiving. Once she stopped and gave a wailing beggar-child a piastre. Then, her home ward road lying by the reputed tomb of Tabitha, she stood a moment, hesitated and entered. Lights burnt on the altar, votive offerings of paper roses and rubbish littered the little shrine. Cool shadows dwelt there, and a great patch of sunshine filled the portal with living gold. ' She was a good woman and has done great miracles even in death,' thought Nuzhat, and she knelt .and prayed upon the stones beneath which industrious Dorcas is said to sleep. A vague peti tion from a full young heart ascended — a petition and a great thanksgiving. Then she rose and slipped past the wall where the black lizards dwell, and eo,' moving under grey olives and naked fig trees, she hastened to her home. III. On that same night came Ben Haesan ro smoke and speak of money with Abu Luluah ; and Nuzhat served them and set the charcoal to their nargilehs and put water and coffee before them, and a dainty dish of rice which she herself had dressed in honey and saffron. She ordered htr words with discretion, and the cunning of her love led her along a safe path. When he found that his little maid offered no more objections, and was willing to come to him and be his wife, Ben Hassan blessed Allah ; and Nuzhat's father, striking while yet the iron was white hot, desired the girl to depart that matters of money might be discussed in peace. ' As you are happy, so widen the mouth of the money-bag that Allah may know you value his blessings,' said Abu Luluah— himself a man of slow fingers with his purse-strings. ' Fear not,' answered the happy lover ' but first let me hear my little bird's* voice before she departs. Let me know that she forgets the in fidel, that, unworthy though I am, she comes with a whole heart to my bosom, and the riches of gem and jewel that also await her.' ' Think not,' she 6aid, treading amidst lies like a cat on thorns, ' that I hold anything common between you and Jamr Shadid. He was a stranger in a strange land, and his voice set my heart beating, but a voice is the gift of God.' ' Dog-begotten unbeliever ! And not even the Christian he pretends to be, for he is in outer darkness without even a twinkle of light from the Carpenter's candle. He has 110 God but his own vile body,' blazed Ben Hassan. ' Forget him as you are wise, Ben Haesan. He met me itj tie bazaar at noon and touched me — start not !— and told rue that you had 6et a watch on his ways.' ' It is true. Mtn mark the movement of beasts by their track, of serpents by their road in the sand. So we put our hand upon them in their secure hour and surprise them that they do no hurt.' ' Yet I marvelkd that fcuch an one as Ben Hassan feared Jamr Shadid. Forget him as though he did not live. Let it pats from your mind that he breathes the same air with you and walks above the partb.' ' Nuzhat says well,' declared Abu Luluah in all innocence. ' Forget the wretch ; he is but a grain of the blight wafted upon ill winds into Syria. I curse the Turks when I rise and when I sleep. They are the outcasts of the earth ; and we have been delivered into their hands for the sins of our forefathers. Kismet! Who can read the riddles of Allah ?' ' He is an Armenian, not a Turk,' 6aid Ben Hu6san. '? It is one. He is scum of scum ; what the pig leaves on the dunghill ; what the vulture hops past in the gutter. The gorge of the Earth rises against the Tuik ; his gorge rites upon Armenia.' ' I will forget him as though he had never ' Jamr Shadid gri ned in secret at the girl's simplicity, but he did as she bade him, and sheathed the knife again.' been born,' quoth Ben Hassan ; ' my mind is too full of new-born joy to harbour any base thing. Every fair woman is good; but a woman who comes with open arms shall be set above rubies.'1 Nuzhat withdrew, and while she wept long in secret and prayed to the God of Truth to blot her deceit from the book, her parent, upon Ben Hassan's departure, also addressed the Throne and thanked Allah that, witched by a slim girl's Bhape, by red lips and a voice that trembled like (Continued on Page 1575.) Continued from Page 1570. belts heard alar ofi, Ben Hassan's heart had proved bigger than his head. He went to his wife, and when she heard his saying die kissed him on the beard and was glad. ' For every woman Heaven sends to earth ihara is a man ready to risk Gehenna,' said she. *' That woman and that man bat seldom meet ; tout if Allah wills it so and the man be of good .fortune, then somebody is the richer.' ' 'I would now that I had seemed less content frith his gifts. Surely of all ways a, Believer may walk uptight under God, and please the world, and put honest money into his puree, the getting of fail daughters is the best.' *' Beauty is the seldom gift of Allah,' answered his wife, herself turned of forty and long a Stranger to good looks. '* 'Tie rare in Syrian women.' ' As rare as brains in Syrian men.' ' What treason is this ! ' She laughed. ' Nay, prate not of headpieces upon our great ones while the land groans under the whip of the Ottoman, while no man's own is eaored and bread is stolen from the lips of the hungry.'' ' That brings to my thoughts words I had in iened to speak. Let not a living soul know of this little shower of yellow metal that has Beaten upon us. The cursed tSueves and knaves set over Syria by their more cursed master have an eye to every orange that fails, and the press squeezes not the olive as they our substance.' ' My lips have long learnt to shut tightly on a gold piece,' she answered. Iv. Now, whilst Ben Hassan thanked kindly Fro* videnee for his fortune in love, he by no means followed little Nuzhat's suggestion in one parti cular. He was of a mind with Caliph Omar, who says, concerning the counsel of women, ' Consult them and do contrariwise.' Therefore he set the threatened watch on Jainr Shadid, knowing that no man ib so humble but that he has power to do another evil. The spy set against Jamr Shadid was a Syrian of strange aspect, dwarEed in body and dumb of tongue. But the deformed creature's other senses had quickened at the loss of one, and by reason of his small size, agility, and cunning, he sometimes rendered good service to greater than himself in dark matters. Because his tongue was tied, there grew a rumour that he heard not also ; and, while far from fact, the report was yet fostered by Afri duu for his own ends. He simulated this further affliction, and so, under cover of a . wrong im pression, heard much more than his neighbours .fancied. Of mean aspect, he habitually clad himself in such jackal colours as might slink at men's elbows without note ; and his eyes squinted so that no one could say he was looking at him. Jaffa pitied him and held him harmless. So it happened that when. Jaoic Shadid mot Nuzhat at the appointed time beside the stall of Hafiz, the fruit-seller, Af ridun stood beside them with his back turned, and bargained for pods of red pepper, while his ears, peeping through grizzled hair under a dirty white fez, sucked up the words whispered behind him. ' I am here. The day is at hand, but I know that you have not come without ripe thoughts,' eaid the girl. ' I met Ben Hassan but now,' he answered inconsequently, ' And I bowed myself before him, but his eye turned from me and his lips curled like a camel's.' ' Why do obeisauce now ? ' ' If you cannot bite the hand that strikes you, kiss it.' ' But what of the future ? Only four short days separate me from him. I wait for you to epeak, dear one. Has no further message reached youP' 'None that is clear,' he said ; ' but, never theless, I see the road. To-morrow you shall hear all thatis left to say. Meet me beside the Yellow Tower at dusk. There I shall tell you what iB too secret for this place.' ' I will be there.' Af ridun beckoned to an acquaintance and has tened away as Nuzhat spoke. The little stunted creature debated in his snake's-head whether he should reveal this much to Ben Hasean ; but he determined to say nothing until the following night. In this conclusion he erred, as Fate after wards revealed to him ; but he was at the Yellow Tower long before the lorere reached it, and for tune smiled upon the first steps of his treacherous ? enterprise, as shall appear. V. Two miles from Jaffa, upon the shore of the sea, stood the Yellow Tower, Once a strong rook ' of defence, raised by Crusaders in the Middle Ao-es, it was now grown old and shattered. Lightnings had truBt their awful fingers between its stones ; the cannon-fire of the French had battered its seaward face ; it had witnessed the Bhedding of blood and fallen to many conquerors. But to-day it slept in peace, while hyssop bloR somed from many broken embrasures, and amid its secret places the raven brought up her young. A figure of utmost loneliness brooding upon a fiery past stood the Yellow Tower ; and when ? day sank into the sea and the great walers of the Mediterranean burnt with sunset fires, its jagged shadow first fell upon the tamarisks and the : flowers of the field that lived on the edge of the sand, then extended where purple irises clustered thick among ancient Moslem tombs, and_JhrjjEt^ their roots betweei_Jlie-*fe=^'f~^0Iies *hat ^l-eo3?erEu-B'~8Teeping generation. The spot was desolate, and of sinister repute, for the spirits of bad men howled around it by night ; and once, within living memory, a harlot of Jaffa had there been found in Death's hold, with a livid vampire mark beneath her left breast. , But hither, fearing nothing, came Nuzhat to meet Jamr Shadid, and the gloaming being sad coloured with a cold rain off the sea, they entered tine lowermost chamber of the Yellow Tower (by a hole in the wall) and there stood on dry. ground in dry air. This action Afridun had clearly fore seen, and now, within a yard or two of them, he lay, hidden like a scorpion under a litter of dead brushwood, atone, and leaves. , , There was heajrd no sound fttfhile rafljpM -soo of Nuzhat*s soft voice and a catch of breath that showed the tears were near her eyelids ; then the man Bpoke and Afridun pricked his ears. ' Fear not, my little Delight,' he said. ' Love deserts no true man, and our way, if difficult, is cleai and admits of no doubt. The day after to morrow sees the big ? steamer of the ' French in Jaffa. It will depart again before midnight for Beyrout and the*Northern ports beyond ; and we will depirt with it. Meet me then at the wharf from whence soap and sesame are carried to the ships. The weather promises a calm sea, and Hafiz will be with me in the boat to brint? it back. Creep thither by dark ways, and robe in plain white eo that under the -moonless darkness -you will not be hidden.' - Nuzhat repeated his directions, Jhat no possi bility of error might defeat their action, then she _ lifted up her voice and praised the genius capable of conceiving such a plan. To her it seemed a God-sent inspiration. ' Heaven also is on our side,' she said, ' and God will smooth the great seas that roll over the rock-ledges between Jaffa and the deep.' It was at the moment of this prediction that Afridun felt the cold crawling of a snake or lizard against the skin of his thigh, and starting wildly he forgot all else saver the reptile's capture. But the, thing had legs and was harmless ; so he flung it from him, and rose and stood on his feet, know ing himself discovered. * ' It is Afridun ! ' cried Nuzhat, *' the servant of Ben Hassan.' ' Ah ! the same hunchbacked dog that has sniffed abont me too often of late days,' declared Jamr Shadid coldly. ' Thus H9 whom I wor ship can save his own from the spy and the traitor who work in the dark.' . ' ; Afridun saw the man's hand approach bis belt : and bring forth a crooked Dervish knife that ; drew down light upon it from the grey gloaming. He fell on his knees and lied quickly with his shaking fingers.- But the Armenian knew not the language of the dumb man's hand. ' God shall deal with thee hereafter as thou deservest,' he said. ' Shake your claws from the emoke of Gehenna, and the God of all will see and answer. But the Valley of Death lies first. Your judgment waits you at the other end.' So Baying he moved to the Bhaking dwarf : but Nuzhat stopped him. ?? Slay him not, best of sweet- voiced men, else over our future bliss a red cloud must ever throw rod shadow. Here he is safe as though he lived not. Bind him close and leave him to Heaven. If he is guilty, none but Death shall find him within these walls ; if innocent, a miracle will be per formed.' Jamr grinned in secret at the girl's simplicity, bat he did -as she bade him, sheathed his knife again, and, winding his turban from off his fez, he handled the stuff as a rope and bound. Afri dun hand and foot with many a twist and coil arid knot. He covered his eyes also, and left the spy in darkness, that his position might be the more horrible. But his mouth he left ungagged. Nuzhat, who pitied the gasping wretch, now consigned to almost certain death within the lone ly ruin, had begged for him this last boon. ' He is dumb,' she said, ' and the noise of his voice, if he raised it ia but the noiee of a beast.' ' Or worse,' answered Jamr Shadid. ' The gruesome sounds of a dumb man would fright the devil. Let him lift a cry if it please him. He who hears will but call on Allah and the Prophet to guard all those he loves from Jann, and Ifrit, and the Thing that lives by men's graves.' So they departed, and night came back along the lonely Bhore ; and no ear save a wild beast's pricked at the sound of faint bowlings from the Yeilow Tower. But a jackal heard, and the hair bristled along his back as he raised his snout and made answer. VI. Now Providence, that raises fair suns upon days destined to be foul and ushers in golden hours with black cloud?, that delights to link prosperous beginnings with miserable endings, and builds notable achievements and successes upon founda tionsof misery — Providence having thus far smiled upon Nuzhat Luluah and her lover, now heeded the slave Afridun and released that spy and tale bearer from his terrible danger while yet life was in him. Four-and-twenty hours after his feet and hands were firBt bound with Jamr Shadid' s turban, an inquiring Italian, who had come by the big steamer, now anchored oft Jaffa, wandered upon the shore with his dragoman. Seeing the Yellow Tower before him he ap proached it, while the Syrian at his elbow re peated those unholy narratives proper to the place. Thus was Afridun liberated by the miracle Nuzhat foretold, ^ind scarce stopping to thank Allah and his instruments in shape of men, the slave sped away as f aBt as his sorely cramped limbs and bruised and hungry carcase would carry him. In an hour and a half he had reached the orange-grower's dwelling ; and at the moment when the dwarf's information dropped from shak ing fingers before Ben Hassan, the lovers had already set forth under darkness to their rendez vous at the sesame quay. Here Hafiz, Jamr Shadid's friend, awaited them in an open boat ; and he giew impatient when a bellow from the sea told how the great steamship lying there was at the point of departure. ' When Allah wills his servant well, He opens, of all those portals which look in man, thejjale«o£~ Action.' ? _. — ? — — ' '* -— TuuTspake Ben Hassan, and, mounting a camel, he passed with the speed of thought through twinkling Jaffa and down to the deserted darkness of the shore. From Afridnn he had learnt every particular of the enterprise that was to rob him of Nuzhat, and now, nothing doubting but that the zunaways must already be upon the departing steamer, he lifted bis voice and called men to him, and offered them a rich bribe if they would but row him to the vessel before she lifted her anchors and sailed away. * Two watermen answered the call, and very soon Ben Hassan floated with straining eyes to the open sea. The boat was dangerously small and light for that coast, bat the men in her feared . nothing. Long and ugly rollers are wont to tumble upon the rooky ledges that, like s bared dragon 'a teeth, guard the ending-place of Jaffa ; ??-. . ? ' y^s-\: .- '???'. to-night, however, the opening in the rocks through which boats and cargo- lighters pass out to the ships was almost at peace, and a strong oar, with experience, beared not to face the dan ger which lies there even at moments when the sea sleeps. Even then the rise and fall of the Mediterranean's bosom, as the rise and fall of a giant's breathing, brings some peril to the small vessel, and spells danger to all but skilled pilots and mariners. - .. Though he knew it not, Ben Hassan had put; forth'Dut two short minutes after Jamr ShadidT : end now the smaller boat, very quickly rowed, was fast approaching that other which held Naz-, hat. The rocky inlet was still .ahead, when, straining his eyes and ears into misty future, ., Ben Hassan heard a sound of oars and saw - the shadow of a white figure, as it had been a ghost upon the sea. Then he remembered the word of Afridun, that Nuzhat would be clothed ia white, and his judg ment left him, and he shrieked across the water, inflamed with rage at the fitful glimmer of the white form ahead. ' It is I, Ben Hassan ! Cease rowing, Jamr Shadid, or may God blacken thy face, thou traitor, and give thee thy deserved portion ! ' He heard a woman's cry, and saw the white figure move violently. Then he bid his rowers redouble their efforts. It mattered little now whether the fugitives reached the ship before him, because once aboard with them Ben Hassan, as a man of substance, would be listened to and obeyed ; bat under the darkness of night and the passion of pursuit, anger consumed him and he lived in the moment, only longing to hear his boat's prow crash upon the side of the other. This, indeed, happened 6t the point of greatest danger, and pursuer struck ; against pursued in the narrow mouth of the inner bay, where great slow rollers lifted both like lfttle enps, and where a dance and flicker of phos phorescent light gleamed along the lips of black rocks within a few short yards on either side. Then it came about that Fate, weary . of this problem, unravelled the tangle of those three lives with impatient shears. An oar broke in Jamr Shadid's vessel as the other struck her ; and the \- roll from the sea had the dismantled craft broad side on in a moment. As she came round she carried the other boat with her, and at this moment, dead to present danger, Ben Hassan started up from where he sat in the stern, and his action hastened what the next wave must have accomplished — the smaller boat capsized , and before Shadid and the others could get their bows round to the seas they too were full of water and foundering. Loud shrieks rang from the dark ness and echoed like blows against the buildings : on the shore. Lights burst out; dark shapes hurried long the quays ; and voices cried to ' voices as boats put forth in all haste. But meantime men were drowning fast, and only those whose hands had reached the rocks and whose strength had sufficed to drag them into safety still lived when sucoour arrived. ; Ben Hassan, risinsr from his first immersion, : struck out with passion cooled ; and the sea lights shone and sparkled into a. fury of fire under his stout arm. Swimming strongly thus, a white, . struggling thing touched him, and a small hand clutched frantically at his shoulder. Of all those fighting lives this one loved soul was thrown in his way, and he braced himself to save her. ' Cease thy struggles, Nuzhat ! ' he cried, with the sea at his lips. ' My arm is round thee. We will return to life or die together.' Then he fought the sea, and the bundle he held grew limp and heavy, and heavier, till it dragged ' him down deep jand his arm was like to break from bis shoulder. Twice the slippery rocks were tore away from his lacerated fingers ; a third; time he swam out of the main inlet, and escaped: the full force of the sea, and held on. Then the; white bundle was trust «ip on to the rocks and Ben Hassan now blind and fainting, fell beside it and lost all sense. His head dropped heavily upon;, the seaweed and he lay dead to all things One' other man there was who likewise saved himsalf by swimming ; but all the rest had gone down for the last time,, and unknown fishes, that see in: darkness by the light of their own eyes, were peering into drowned faces even while upon the top of the sea men cried the names of the dead and sought to save them. By lantern-light the mariners saw a black shape upon a rook with a white one lying beside' it ; and half an hoar later Ben Hassan opened his eyes again upon shore in comfort and in light ; bat he found himself very weak, while some live monster, as it seemed, gnawed at his lungs when he breathed. ' He lives ! Praise be to the God of the Land and the Sea. Four have perished and three are - left to thank Allah,*' said an old man who held Ben Hassan's hand. ' And Nuzhat, what of her ? ' he gasped with his first breath. ' Surely the life has now re- . turned to her body even as it has to mine ? Say not that she whom I loved and rescued from the waters is also dead ? ' ' Brace thyself for ill news if that was thy thought, my son,' -inswered the ancient man. ' You rescued not Nuzhat, the daughter of Abu Luluah, but Jamr Shadid, the little Armenian, whom men call ' Live Coai.' He lives and, thanks to thy right arm, may yet escape from the Hell of the ?Unbelievers, if he turn from hjBinfideJJifa-. and seek Tru$uIL ...—-- ? ? ?Or'it happened iihat when Jamr Shadid, toil ing at his oar, had striped off his outer coat for ease and freedom, Nuzhat, feeling the night wind of the sea cold upon her, had picked it up and girt it about her warm from his body. Thus her white' raiment was hidden and his revealed. .'? ; Ben Hassan turned upon his couch and wept. Then thought moved him and he saw that, after all, thet woman had loved him not, but was even flying from him when Azrael brought death to her. He dried hie eyes, therefore, and fixed them on a red lamp burning in the chamber, and said : ' InehaUah ! The Lord doeth what seemeth good to him. Allah is all wisdom and all jnetice ; and the fish of the sea must be fed, even as the fowls of the air,' and the unloved, beasts of the field.' The morning tide, whspering under the first , gold of day, returned little Nuzhat Luluah to the land of i*er birth in a silver shroul. But among -r.v:,..- .'i'S&'Jf ???'?' '' ?? '-I.-'-...-'. ~-l'i ?..-;;??: _/:-.,%&i; those who followed her to the grave, beating bosoms with unbaked earth and denoting their grief by the force of their self -chastisement, Ben Hassan was not numbered. And, as for Jamr Shadid, he stood far off and watched with hollow eyes, while devout Moslems, returning from the obsequies, pointed against him the finger of scorn and of hate. 