THE WRECK 'OF THE JOHN" • ANDREWS. '(Bv Arthur Willis Colfcon.1 " Prom the man 'who has done a little of everything we heard this story of the Great Lakes:— The John Andrews was a lumber barge going back-from Buffalo' to Dulutk. She was dingy and stupid to look at, as all barges are, and yet not an old boat,, but in good condition and; sitting high 'in the water by reason of the small cargo. There were groceries'aboard, and'some house fa - niture, four men to run her, and not much need for them when ' the weather was sleepy. Barges do not often carry any motive power—only a bit of sail, you notice, to help when the wind is aft, and for the rest they potter along behind.a tugboat. As for me, I was going to Duluth on business not connected with barges, and was on a barge, because the business was not press ing, and this method of travel seemed Likely to be interesting. It was so. Now the groceries were stowed forward, the,furniture midships, and there was not much of either, as I said before. The "east ward traffic' on the lakes is the larger in tonnage at all times, for the west sends raw materials and the east the product of factories. You know all about , that. Finally, the John Andrews came last' in a tow of three, so that there was nothing of the tug to be seen; it was hidden by the big stern of the barge ahead, drawing sc slowly that the tow-rope sagged in the water'between. ■ Five men -with less on their minds than we, on the John Andrews, were. that day, you could hardly find—the captain and the fellow who cooked, two deck hands named Harly and Burns, and myself, and three were going to meet sudden death -"id twc to be^ But never mind, that's getting ahead.tod fast. It, was all on a. strip, of blue water, which looked as innocent in-my eyes .that day as any water could look. No water looks innocent to me any more. .We left Port Huron in the early morn-. ing, and when it came afternoon there were pudgy little clouds about the lower sky. I noticed over the -Michigan shore that the clouds v were .moving from both sides to a point in the west, as if drawn by a magnet, and at that-point; too, there was spreading out of cloud into haziness, and a banking up of thicker liaze from be low. ■ The breeze was moving west light ly. . I knew nothing of weather, I merely, thought it would rain. You'can't think how peaceful and-brighfc - it semed, the tug being too far ahead to be heard. The deck-hand,' Harly j was at the helm as a matter of form. The cap tain appeared to be asleep. Burns, and the fellow who' cooked, loafedjigainst.the rail, and didn't say a word. ... .. . When the wind "is . lightfand the sun shining, the lake puts up; little water hills , with a diamond point; oh each, and if a ipan is relaxed and lazy all he needs for entertainment is something to - twinkle, • shine, arid change before Jus .eyes. That'e your true theory of rest—to turn baby and be pleased with any bit Jof glitter and jingle. .: vv I remember that Burns -took - his pif>e from his mouth, and said-Tie-thought it might blow. The fellow who cooked i al lowed it might. I said, "Wind saves coal, and the tug gets tne profit." 'Then there was silence, and I fell to looking at the glinting water again. • • !-•' Burns jumped and dropped, his pipe, and said, Well, I'll be shot.. Cap, look here 1" The captain rolled from his bench, gave a §la,n?e, at, 'rie sky, , flung'up his hands, and fairly howled, "Get frire, you blazin idiots! Stow that canvas! Don't ye see what s comin'? Get fore!" . And he show ed in other ways that he was stirred up.- ' There was no more peace and content ment on that boat. The three men piled down through the waist of the ship. I clung to the rail and stared westward.- I ■tell you there was trouble collecting over there.. To that, point in the west the clouds on gither: side streamed like running water, and the centre grew dark "like the mouth of a pit. .Darkness ' shot out from that mouth higher and higher, darkness in rags and streamers, darkness that thickened and boiled; out .of it .came a low murmur,, a growl an increasing roar. - The darkness twisted, whirled, and folded into itself; it became like a living tongue that licked the ground, a thing bulky above, tapering be low; a wriggling half-mile of thunder cloud on beam-end run mad, raging, crazy. It bounded from the shore, struck the lake a mile away, and split it. The water went up like cfust. On it came,- and on and on. The sun went out. - Harly left 'the wheel and dived down the galley stairs. I rolled underneath a bench fixed to the rail and lay there afraid. One moment more and we were in. darkness al together, in' tumult beyond hearing, air thick wth powdery water, crush, whirl, roar, shriek. The John Andrews heaved and spun' around. I lost consciousness, never thinking to see the sun again. . J I don't know what time passed, - but'it . could not have been long before I rolled from under the bench and sat up, moaning to myself and holding my head, not frickm. any bodily-pain, for fwas not hurt, but.'ifc was as if my'mind were wrenched, beaitsn and S9re. ' ■'•' The mist was thick and vwhite and-cold; . the John-Andrews rocked to and fro, creaking and groaning; why she-was,-stilly a barge and not riding out the storm?, m" pieces, I could not exnlain; -. The cyclone was gone anyway," and had left us. in' the mist. - > ■. • - - v ■ . - r Left us! •. I stared around -blankly.: The mist seemed to make a- solid ■ vyall r:.20 ft. away. To- live 'through that turmoilof raatie elements would barely happen'to j more than, one; There was. nothing iut bubbling and jbeatmg water,- tfo hear, nd white mist to see. '/"This won t do,. thought, and told myself to get up arid x>k about, but; I, sat still, nevertheless, nd shook all over, and was afraid. ... InTow I heard another sound, a crackling, nd saw a luminous place. in.the mist, and "" repfc toward it as a baby; creeps to any hining light: ■ It- was ;the doorway to the alley .stairs. The .smoke poured !up: through :, and it glowed from the, brightness, be )w. When a ship goes' round like aritopv stove doesn't stay qrimovdd.-. This quo ad seLfirertothebarke. 'r-/j; ' To be burned to death! ; . P-or ehoice -I r'ould rather haver gone' ballooning on a yclone with the crew., There was .no daze bout me now,; I jumpedi'to my -feet,: had passing glimpse out of my memorjyof. larly diving down those, stairs, and -knew hat if there were any further chance.rif uman companionship for me.I must.reach, larly. . • /*'■ '. c-.-ri ; r,-V. I put my . arms up uselessly .against the * moke and went down tlie stairs..Th§ moke was white, like the -mist above, but Ieasant in. so far, as .it/was dry and :hot, ut it felt dnly' wanri;because-.pf.,iiie.gijijll>in ly flesh; The fariencL of "the inferiorrriyasjin blaze. , I "stepped on something that slipped;, J tcoped and gripped Harly ,by the collar ' ,-here he lay in.;a heap, having fallen'so, nd;;I plunged rip the stairs dragging him fter me somehow. So.I came put again nto the mist'dragging''^the .Tinip weight', -■ nd quite blarik in iriy "brain as to what should do; but it was instinct to get ,as fropi the fire as_I could. 3o I went, with Harly -on my shoulder, to into the ship's waist where the water,. is breast-high' or-near: it/ and swashing s chairs-and tables about; I judged Sy were well .broken up;1 but; did n-ot care see;-and from there I-'carried Harly'up the forward deck, which was a flat sur :e'forty'feet across ridth';only»the fmasfc . d a -hriteh'- pr: trap-door breaking the inlting: The mast had become :a splinr , •ed stump, -the planking neari-it was torn art", the tran, too, was. gone." ' > [ sprea'd'Harly out on-that deck. There is a cut on; his-head, but he was alive, d I thought there might be water enough the air to bring him to; Anyway,, if e Johti Andrews were; to "burn,'It seemed mmon sense to-make a raft. There was mmonly an axe under, the bench by the feel, so I went down'again info the blaCic Lter with its scum of broken, furniture rashing about.'; " Flow; the fire was gaining I could tell by - e great glow in" the mist. I dodged ".the . at by the galley door, and went along ■ the rail; the srrioke' was 'coming rip rough the planks. ;; The axe was in its place. The finding of consoled me greatlyyand I waded.'back, pping it, and thinking, "Here's soipeprie io won't 'drown '.or burn' if he- mbws mselfj" feeKrig grim also in my mood. '... that though I found Harly sitting up, T id'nothing to iiim, but fell to knockins planks. He seemed dazed a little, and is wiping the blood from his face. - • "Chopping her up?". "Yes." • "Why?" 'On fire." .- . "Oh!" V: That was all we said. ; I got up four inks with the nails sticking in them, and - - iled them together in a square. If you eping on nailing planks together, in" the" d you get a-raffc^-not comfortable in'a' oppy sea, but shipwrecked people have right to be comfortable. [ thought .myself smart to see things so arly and find so simple a'way of deal-. ; with shipwrecks, and'I thought poorly Harly, to be doing nothing but stare wn into the waist of'the ship and'at the .-!' >w beyond in the ,mist: no sort of a lor, seeing the barge might go down any I said, "Look, here, Harly, if you - on my raft, you help make, her. . 'enable lot of .water below Here, ed, after a time. "There s .a dinmg i table floating round right side .up :r my.feet.' . , , . , ... - ■ - en I thought I had. to do with an and went on. hammering planks, was no time to argue, for shortly .there : a forward movement of the John ■ew, and I kneiv what is the feel-oE king ship—it makes your stomach go knot. a Aiiut. •an and caught Harly by. the collar,. iried, "She's sinlungt" , . , .. nk nothing. Le' go my collar!" • he "She aint-,sinking. . There's, watci ig.'in. ; 'Twill put?out the fire." . : ; ; calmness of him staggered -me;- he ; be right-. hy won't she sink?" . 1 wood. . Wood don't sink 'less it's •logged. Where was - you brought She's nothing-but. a raft, this here V Andrews. What you wane to -make er for?/ Why, look! If she settlesv; ;h.to put-the fire out/ that's good. -If: bn't, let her burn. She can't burn" the waist, which- is mostly under "•anyway. Stands to reason,-don't itl ■ou ever see fire burnrin water? Noi ' he ended, with-heavy sarcasm, "you ; say it seldom does." : .. : , - ,y according to shipwrecks as I had of them, when a snip settles she goes . Anyway, it • makes a ■ man nervous:' tch her settle, holding only to atiother i theory, that she won'fc sink; - Even. knows she won't,- he's more ;.or\ less, L she will.- • rent and sat on my raft. Harlej ided he thought it all .very ordinary. lere's canned things below," he said; There's devilled ham, and canned; es, and cold soup. Eact. Here's what slipped over the side" of the great, •had made in the deck, and I: heard plash in shallow water,/grunting, a: it that. . . • • John Andrews did not settle at our. .first, but rose, and so far as I could the mist she might have been rising y -put -his- bead up;-... Sink!- Sink no», :.; She's going -up like one of them '-school angels," aird dropped again, v. . I could plainly hear the -whistle and hiss of steam, and'knew that the fire was being . put. out. I judged now that it burned : down ' from the; port- holes till stopped above water-line. -After that the water ■would come in but slowly Tor a time, till' .as the stern sankit would come in faster and.faster, and naturally as the stem sank the.prow went.rup, bxrt sbe couldn't stay up there forever like a forsaken old kite. . You notice that- barges have high decks fore,and aft, and •that the sides run ' low between. So' that when the stern of the.. John "Andrews sank deep. it began to pour into the waist in rivers with a great noise. The prow: dropped, anld the water : rushing forward spouted on the fore-deck. .Harly came no pretty wet and scared, buG be had his shirt full of tins. The John Andrews settled slowly, you might say inch by inch, the black tumbling ■ water coining nearer ns up the side. It made me fidgety,-that's the truth. Down •we sank tall the water lay over the sides of the ship's middle, mayibe two feet, and then stopped. Hkrly said, "I told you so. Each I did," and 'began chiselling at tins with his jack knife. . "That there raft of yours, that's a -fancy steam yacht, that is. Pact." All the same, he was sitting on my raft, and he . .didn't' chisel any . tins till the John .Andrews had quit settling. * We felt better, of- course, and ate near a can of tinned meat apiece, -and drank peach juice out of its'natural can, and some land of cold soup. -■ "Trouble with-you," said Hiarly—he had ,a can. of peaches in his band,. and his knees hunched up under his chin—"trou ble with you is them novels about the Pa cific Ocean. Land! I don't read anything . else myself.". .. ! •••The night came on very dark, with hours a week long, and some hundred or inore of them. It s well enough not to be drowned or burned, but to be cold -.and wet.- and sleepless isn't real happiness. We lay. close together shivering, and told everything we knew or remembered to make the time/pass By. Harly- said the current set east, what there was of it, and -we might drift to. Canada in a day or two, if the,mist didn't rise before and let some craft'sight us; hut we might not drift ashore .anywhere, and the mist might not rise, "'-'f . Never' mind about' the rest of the night. It wasn't a" success. Morning came,: and we looked longingly for the mist to rise, but it 'didn't. ' We were miserable, cold, • discouraged; but • in time we felt, the sun through .the fog - gratefully, and I fell asleep at last, stretched flat on the deck. I woke to-hear a low roaring, and to 6ee Harly) standing over me.- "Going ashore?" he asked, coolly. • I sat up- and stared, and knew .the roar-, . ing to be the surf, although nothing conld' be seen hut the white mist. - "How?"; • "Haft," said Harly. "Good idea of. yours. Fact.". ' - j The John Andrews was tilted so-that the lower side wat a few feet from the water. The lake was still rough, the water dismal and black. Harly fell to chopping a plank, and made what might be ealled' paddles. We slid the raft along, Heaved up'one side, and over with it. It'started away on striking the water, hut he jumped on it and pad dled it back, and we set to work getting away from that weary old wreck in silence. ' Only once; Harly stopped and pointed back. : ' "They were a decent sort,", he said. " ''The" captain' and Burns?" : ' "And the cook and the John Andrews. That was their luck, Fact. This here's •ours." ; . .The surf wet us well, but the shore was near, nearer tban it seemed because of the mist. We touched sandy bottom, waded out and saw dimly a man haling a catboat high on the beach, who turned and stared at us. j ""Well!" he-said. "Now, where'd you come from?" For no doubt we seemed to come' like ghosts ' out of the mist which hid the lake, with nothing to account for "Raft come, ashore. Fact," said , Harly, and. we. went right on to Kincardine,. in Canada." ... •_ . . "No good • cxplainin' things to folks," said Harly to pie. ' "Wear a man's, jaw out that way. . Fact," and I know that this true yarn of .the John Andrews was never - told before. • -Boston Youth s Companion. 