I-IEE ROYAL HIGHNESS. (by mrs. c. n. williamson.) chapter vi.— what lay behind the curtain. It wis a door, set buck a foot or two beyond tlio curtain, but a door most unusual in material and construction, resembling a lnrgo screen of steel. So polished was tho surface that Kullco could sco himself reflected as in a mirror faintly dimmed with molsturo. This door did not swlsg shut or open in the ordinary manner; it was made to slide, and possessed an intricate-looking lock on either side, it was not now fastenod, lion ever, for an experimental push sent It noise lessly sliding in a groove along the wall. The heavy velvet curtain which he had pressed hack with one hand, dropped down behind him, com pletely shutting out tho faint light of the corri dor, and ho found hlmsolf (though exploring lingers proved that the doorway opened upon va cancy) staring blankly into the dark. Groping ahead, ho touched only emptiness; his font, slipped over tlio edge of a step, ami ho pitched helplessly forward, unablo to save himself in time to prevent a fall. His atumbio had landed him upon hands and knees almost without a sound, for from under outstretched Angers and palms rose the soft, thick fur of a rag. Eullte picked himself up, thankful that such Impenetrable gloom lrad railed his awkwardness, and, searching ills pockets for tho small gold matchbox ho usually carried, his eyes were dazzled hy a sudden Hare of light- On a distant wall which he stood facing glim mered a largo square of whiteness, on which tlio paly radianco was concentrated. Tho light was accompanied by a whirring, clicking noise. Across the illuminated square passed tho semblanco of a man's figure, flecked with countless tiny spangles tlint camo and went, like sparks of electricity. After an instant of bewilderment. Lord Eulko roaliscd that ho was witnessing tho operation of a biograph, and also tiiat ho was not ulono in tho darknoss. Amazed, half- incredulous, he stood still, watch ing tho strango proceedings nt the further end of the room. Tho figure on tho lighted screen wav Ilfo-slzo, nnd had been photographed front n man In tbo uniform of ft Thungarlnn ofilccr — ;i man past his youth, but of extraordinary persounl beauty. For a-'moment this presentment stood nlono on tho platform of a railway station, while a crctvd, controlled by a policeman, blocked tho background. Then ho was Joined by three elderly men, who greeted him with ceremony, ono of their number walking in advance. Tlio central figure, with a prlncety air, beckoned an attendant. There was a further exchange ot courtesioB. Tho first man and .no other stepped into a smart landau with liveried servants, tlio crowd drow nearer, men waved thoir lints, women held up their children, the hnndsomo man in tlio carrlago and his older, loss striking companion, bowed nnd smiled acknowledgments, the landau drovo off, tlio throng filling In tho space whoro it had been, mid — the picture vanished liko a bubble that has burst. a moment of darkness nnd silcnco, and tho srmo performance was repeated. Again tho tall soldierly man arrived, was welcomed, and de parted; -thou the square of light disappeared once more, while out of tho gloom camo a sigh and a soft, silken rustling. Fulke stood motionless, absolutely lost to nil consciousness of self, and as blind to the duty of making his presence known to tho unseen ono as If he had Intruded upon a revel of ghosts. Tho rustling, liko the stir of fallen leaves in tin wind of autumn, continued for a moment, then ceased — to end In another surprise for tho stranger who watched and listened. Again tho white rays flashed, but this time In anothor direc tion. Electric lights, so shaded ns only to Illu mine one spot, lit up with dazzling lustre a strango object of crystal and gold. Fulko's first Impres sion was that a block of gllttorlng Ice rose from a slab of ebony; but iu the fraction of a second lio had divined tho grim reality. . Ho was gazing at a glass cofiln, supported on a black-drapod bier; its transparent gold-bound sides rovcallng (as if tlic-y had formed a crystal case to display a jewel) the body ot a man lying on his back, his hands crossed upon a breast eovorod with sparkling orders and deco rations. Fulke could trace tho clear-cut camoo of the profile, tho dark linos of brow, nnd tho Insbos fringing a closed eyelid. th.e man might have been asleep, save for tbo mnrblo pallor of the splendid face, which was tbo soma he had seen in the moving photograph. Suddenly, a horror of himself nnd his intrusion upon? such n seeno as this overwhelmed Lord Fulko, and a cold moisture broke out upon his forehead. . Haw vile h.e bad been to come here! Yet, being here, how was he going to escape?" Ho had seon no one, but ho bad heard tho rust ling of a woman's dross, ha had heard a wo man's slgli; and now, for a single Instant, a vague shadow was- darkly submitted against tho Illumined glass. These strange, mad rites which ho had witnessed wore tributes of respect to a dead man, from a woman who bad passlonatoly loved him, and In whom solitude had fostered eccentricity. Fulke felt that ho would rather cut off his right hand than. let thls woman know how a stranger's curious eyes had profaned her astonishing dovotlons; yet, In the dark, he bpd lost tho sense ot direction. While groping for tho stops down which ho had fallen, and the open doorway, so completely darkoned by the wadded folds of velvet, he was almost certain to stumble, and make hie pre sence known by some Inadvertent noise. Nevertheless, his .present situation had become Intolerable. Ho turnod, fancied he saw a faint seam of greyish light stitched upon tho woof of black, and had taken the first Btep to provo it real, when tho sound of a voico caused him Involun tarily to pause. The voice was not that of a woman, but a man, and the tones were peculiarly metallic. "My dourest. It is good to be able to speak to you from a distance, bridging over so many miles," woro the words tlmt reached Fulke's ears. "i think that this experiment of ours bids fair to bo a success. It was like your cleverness, my beautiful ono, to have suggested it. i shall bo looking forward with eagerness to Monday, wh/m i may hope for tlio message from your lips. How much bettor thnn a letter could be! i shall hoar the very accents of tho swoetest voico that any woman ovor heard " Fulko heard 110 fuore, for ho shut out tho sounds by pressing his fingers ovor hts cars. Ho was listening to n phonograph which had recorded tendor nothings uttered by a lover, and lie cursed himself heartily for his unwarrantable meddling. Hail his hands been free, ho would liavo used thorn In groping hts way to the door. As It was, ho only learnt that tho ray ot light had oxlsted nlono In Ills Imagination, by coming Into sharp collision with sonic unseen object. It foil, rolled across tho soft rug upon which ho had lately dropped, reached a hard surface of floor, nnd broko with a clear Unklo of china or glass. a startled exclamation followed like an echo, and instantaneously tho room was Hooded with olectrlo light. Fulke stood fast, facing bis own sliamo, like a caught criminal. chapter vii.— her royal highness. Ho fell, rather than saw, all that the light revealed— a spacious domed room that was cbnpol and theatre and mausoleum in one. There was the screen across which the life-like figures had moved and played their parts; there was tbo mechanism of tbo biograph. with its great lan tern, darkoned now; there, the long, glass coffin, on a pedestal draped with black; tliero, a tahle with a phonograph, trumpet-mouthed, the record cylinder on top. These things were clearly vislblo now, and yet, In Fulke's eyes, they morely formed the background for a Blender wo man's faco and form — a woman who stood con fronting kliu like a young tigress in defence of her cubs. What a woman! No need for Fulko to ask himself if tills wero her Royal Highness; she would lmvo been royal ill a beggar's rags. In tlio soft eontor of her perfect face, with its long, violot eyes und frame of ebon hair; in tlio sllinncss of lior figure, which wns taller than tbo wont of woinon, sho was still a gild, but tbo poise of tho whlto throat, and tlie fire that flashed from under tlio heavy, curling lashes, were a queen's. For an Instant Iho man forgot tbo Ignominy of bis situation In worship of tlie woman's beauty, but lier look recalled it; anil ho would have llung ten years of ills future as a sop to Destiny if bo could have mot her, uncompromlsed and un abashed. a woinnn of milder spirit would have started, and perhaps cried out at sight of a stranger, un expectedly discovered in tho plaeo which was her holy of holies. But not so Floria, Princess of Bormiu-Dnlnluirg. Color spread upward over tlio lily pallor of lior cheeks— color, vivid as tho rose-liuo In a child's finger- tips when held be- foro the light. llul alio gazed at Fulko ill silcnco which told of scorn, not fear. Never 111 his twenty-eight years hud a fault of Ills brought such punishment, and ho bad no dofenco to make. If bo had been more guilty, 1m would, It may lx>, have acted with mere savolr fulro; but now, In a confused doslro to explain that which admitted of 110 explanation, lie began to stammer something, III schoolboy fashion, only to ho cut short at tho first word. "Do not duro to speak— go!" sutd tho Prlncosa In German, and pointed to tlio door. Her contempt stung lll'.o a whip-lush. "i will go, madam, when i liavo asked your pardon for my mistake, my " He rushed Into speech, lint alio broko In. touring his excuses in half as If tlicy had been rags which she llung off in loath ing. "Mlslnko!" sho echoed. "Are you fool ns well as coward, that you expect me to bellove Ilial? Do i not know how those cattle down thorn at Prowmark— tlioso swine of Ulrloh's, wallow mill ing nt my gates, rioting for some hole by which they can enter to spy upon 111c — me, who should huvo been tlmlr queen? Well, you have sue- eeded beyond your fellows; you bavci seen Iho secret of Flnstorborg, and now you can go back satisfied, to tho mud from which you camo. You can tell your companions llioro bow Rupert of IJornau-Dalnbnrg's widow keeps bis memory nllvo and sacred, until tbo day when Ills murder ers he brought to justice. And you can add that tlmt day Is sure— as suro 11s their guilt, and death." "i will not go with such words as Ihoso In my cars," cried Fulke, "You have no right to speak thorn, mndain, oven though i am hero without permission. Y011 shall hear mo " " 'Shall' is not for me. from you. Will you liavo nio call my servants to whip you from tlio house, . or will you go now of your own free will?" For a moment— and It wns a hitter one to Fulko — tho nmn ami the woman looked Into each other's eyes. llors was tho winning game. Ho had played and lost ; and now. despite her ilcrco Injustice, and ills rebellion under it, ho must oat ills words, and Ignominlaiisly retreat. To stay, to handy arguments, to attempt to right himself, would bo merely courting worse humiliation. Biting ills Up so sharply tlmt tho blood started under tlio savage pressure of ills teeth, ho bowed, without a word; and (ills eyes still upon lier) slopped backward to the door. In reaching it, Ills foot crunched the scattered fragments of a broken crystal vase, which his awkward move ment in the dark laid thrown from a projecting shelf, a few minutes (or war, it hours?) ago. Ho had not reached tho open doorway when tbo Princess caught at nil old-fashioned boll-ropti dangling from the wall near by nnd pulled with violence. "You huvo saved yourself a beating." she said; "but my servants shall sco that you lmvo left the Gastlo, ami the gates shall lie mado fast behind you— faster Hum they liavo even, been before." Again Fulke grimly bowed, smiling a llttlo oven In liis nnger at tho thought of lior surprise could sho know how lie had entered lior enchanted fort ress; then, with 0110 last look at (lie while, angry luce, which was tlio mosL beautiful lie had over neon, lie left the Princess, nnd passed beyond thu curtain. Ill lier sight lie bad moved slowly, to savo such poor dignity as remained to him; but with tlio falling of the portiere between them, tho smoul dering heat of Ills fury ngnlnst himself and her, hurst, into flame. He could have nursed aloud; and it would lmvo given him exceeding Joy to soil (i10 Castle walls tumbling about Ills head, if only i10 and tho woman who bad insulted htm could both liavo lain burled beneath the falling stones, lie si rodo down tbo corridor with furious luiste, bis eh in held high, his lingers working; but before bo reached the end, where the rlliu pnssago joined the hall, a stout, ninn dressed decently in black camo hurrying towards him. Lord Fulke would liavo passed roughly by, for lie wns iu no mood to encounter further instills, or even servility; but a voice at his back sent a thrill through every nerve. Ilcr Royal Highness had left tho room behind tbo curtain, nnd followed him. "Gustav, show litis person to Iho gates, ami see that, when he lias passed through, thoy aro made fast again," she commanded. Fulko felt conscious of lier presence, as it his eyes bud dwelt upon lier faco, but be would not turn'. Tlio mail, who was typically German, and typically also the old, confidential servant, bowed low to Ills mistress, then raised his meek eyes, Willi a veiled glint of triumph (tlio rare, self- satisfied triumph of tlio Inferior over tho supe rior) to tlio countonanco of the stranger. Tbo blood ruslicd to Fulko's forehead, and ha could lmvo struck tho follow, but with an effort ho forced common sense to Ills rescue, and passed on, with Ills tingling linnds at his sides. "Will tlio high, well-born gentleman bo pleased to como with me?" murmured tho faithful ser vitor of her Royal Highness, In his native tonguo. And It wns to bis credit that only the faintest noto of sarcasm crept Into tlie humility of Ills tono, as lie put tho question, ceremoniously word ed ncccordlng to tho German custom. Ho led Fulke along tho ball, out into tlio court yard, whoro tho doves wore still quarrelling ovor tlio green tub, as If nothing particular lind hap pened since tlvo Englishman had looked upon ihem last. Then,, through tho second great door which the unwolcomo visitor bad soon ; so through a strango, upward climbing passage- way, where four horsos could have ridden in abreast; and finally out of the liouso by another exit, which commanded a view of all tho country round. bo- low, reached by a steeply tloscondlug path, paved with cobblestones, wns. tlio, first wall. Fulko still followed his guide, who unlocked tho gates; and tho samo process was repeated In silcnco at tho foot of the hill. When tho second gates wero opened to lot tho Intruder pass out, Fulko drow from his pocket a handful of silver nnd gold. "Hero," ho said, harshly, partially conscious that his motive wns to show a servant of tho Ptineess how rich, how Important, wns tho "per son" his mistress had driven with contumely from her doors. But tho man, bowing politely, placed his fat hands virtuously behind his back. "Tho high, well-born gontloman is gracious; but our Royal Lady does not permit us to accept gifts," lio replied. \ Fulko oponcd his palm, and tossed the money from him— ringing down upon tho rocks, nnd rolling nwny among the sparsely-growing woods or into the rushing river. It would havo pleased him to soo Impotent ropontnnco written on the countenance of Gustav, hut tho veil- tra Ined fea tures of tho worthy man woro phlogmatleally composed. Ills oyes did not oven follow tlio fato of tho gold. "My lord will, find hlmsolf ablo to cross by tbo brldgo," ho grnvoly sped tho parting guost. And then, having bowed ilio English wan out ot tho gntes, lior Royal Highness' servant lost no llmo in closing them. As I10 heard tlie clank of, heavy holts shooting Into place, Fulko qxclalmcd aloud: "So there's an end of tho worst day's work i over did. And tho soonor i'm out of this bruto of a country, tlio hotter f shall ho plonsed." Ho hod forgotten Ills brother's letter to the King; ho had forgotten the huntlng-lodgo In tho Vesturathal, and tlio Impression stamped upon his nilnd tfiat Fato had summoned liim to TI11111- garla. But Fato had not forgotten lilm; nor tlio part In a certain drama which ho was cast to play. ' (To ho continued.) 