THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. [An Rights IIksehved.J BY EOMA WHITE. CHAPTER XVIII. Lady Sandys had been from horns tor a day or two; and when she returned, she won dered why the servants looked no Btrange. She was told that Mr. Leicester awaited hor in the library: and she went to him at once. ' Well,' said she. pleasantly, entering the room, ' is itBome business of iny nephew's?' Mr. Leicester did not answer. Ho turned sway from her, and made a few stops across the room and buck again, Then he glanced at her in dumb pleading. A keen questioning look had sprang into her cluck eyes. She seated herself quietly in an arm-chair, and motioned him to another. Then sho folded her hands upon her kneo, und straightened her back. She porcoived that ill- news awuited her, and Bhe remom bercd immediately that she was a Sandys. ' Do not break it to me,' Bhosaid, oom nnanfilv. ' Tell me at once.1' ' It is terrible newB, Lady Sandys.' ' Not too terrible for me to bear, Mr. Leicester.' Sho had become slightly imperious, and he perceived that sho would brook neither soft ening nor delay of his intelligence. He bent himself a little over a table, then turned and looked at her. 'Lady Sandys, your nephew,Mr.Fitz-Roy, has been killed.' The face oppoaito him blanched, but the voice whioh answored was steady. ' That in not all, Mr. Leicester.' ' No, ho has been — murdered.' T.iwiv KunrlvR movftd Hli(r)ir,lv in hnr p.hnir. aml wrung hor hands. Then, still fixing iier keen undismayed glance upon tho lawyer,she she suid again. ?' That is not yet all, Mr. Leicester.' ' No, Mr. Humphrey Sandys has been arrested on a charge of being concerned in hisdoath.' Lady Sandys dropped her face for a mo ment upon her hands, and silence fell over the library. When she lifted her face again it was bloodless, but her voice remained stern and composed. '? Let me hear all,' she said, briefly. Mr. Leicester told. He laid the story be fore her in all its length of bald trivial facts; and, as h« reviewed tho case, aim followed its incidents cloaely. She had herself enter tainod tho two men at luncheon only the Saturday beforo, leaving Hursl Hall before they did. They had set oif homewards about half-past five, walking swiftly through the nurlc wlinrw thn «li»nr iroldttn liirht mid the slendor shadows foil across tho turf. Their servant followed them, laden with the game. At tho lodge gates Kitzltoy had handed this servant his gnu, to bo taken home, with the birds, by tho rond; while he and his cousin turned thoir faces to the fresher moors. Humphrey carried his own gun, and they set off, uuuccoiupaiiie i by any other, person, in the direction of Heath ICdge. This was the last lime that Mr. Fiulioy had been seen alive. Lady Sandys said nothing when Mr. Leicester tretnulotiHly remarked this ooint; but hor hand went in stinctively to her heart. At half-past eight Humphrey was seen at the ' rush-berring,' alone. Whon this fact had been olicted tho Coroner expressed a wish to call Mr. Sandys' butler, to ascertain whether his master hud visted Ucviston Priory in t«u interval. Lewis had been fetched, anil had brokon down completely under examination, finally falling into a seat and weeping like a child as ho confessod his suspicions of his master, and his efforts to save him. Tho evidence of tho Burgeon who made an examination of tho body and of the man who had first followed Leo into tho ruined cottage, supplied the final circumstances, and riveted the lost links ' of the chain. Mr. Leicester spoke hurriedly, blundering ly, tumbling over his words, and feeling, for tho first time in his life, the impossibility of practising politeness. Such expressions as he was compelled to use did not lend them selves readily to courtesy. As he finished speaking he was conscious of a vague- im pression that, after all, tho English language was brutal. Lady Sandys heard him to the end in silence. Hoi face paled, and her lips un consciously lighteued. Once she put up her hand and straightened the lace of hor cap lappet. It seemed a piteous assertion of decorum and dignity In the face of humilia tion. .' You have told me all ?' '? Ves, I have told your ladyship all. I would have given fire years of my life to have averted this blow.' Tho lawyer spoke tremulously, but felt re lievod whon he had so oxpressed himself. The earnest speech brought him into a kind lier* relationship with his temporary ollico, which hitherto he had felt only as an outrage. Lady Suudys asked him one or two further questions. She had neither fainted, nor com plained, nor cried out; but her face had be come older. Withal, she had nusumod some semuiaucn ot pride, wnicn aspect sue taith fully ondeavoured to diffuse over her count enance, that neither eye uor lip might turn traitor to her pedigree. ' Does Mrs. Sandys know?' 'Not yet.' ' She must be told.' ' Yes, Lady Sandys. I thought — ' ' You thought 1 would do it. You wore right, I am the proper person. I will go to \- her immediately.' She rose from her chair, resting her hand .. upon tho back for n moment for support. But she still thought and spoke clearly. 'I must arrange to romain with hor — that will mean a little packing. Mr. Leicester, hare you dined?' 'I havo had all I rcquiro, thunk you.' ' You must have some wine. And your coachman — I will Bee that he has something. 1 shall bo ready in ll few minutes.' She left tliu room, and he spent the inter-, vening time in renewed pacings, and silent irritated dununications of the cawing rooks outside. Now and then ho drew out his ' note-book, and scribbled for n moment in . the leaves. When Liidy Sandys returned to , him she was still considerably the more com posed of tho two. Then came the little bustlo of departure, tho hurrying servants, and tho few last iu structions. Hurst Hall shared the gloomy excitement that had enveloped the Priory. When ut last the carringo drove away, Lady Sandys drew down her veil, and consigned herself and her companion to silent musings. They hardly spoke- to each other until the chaise rolled up tho Priory avenue, and was drawn up in tho light that fell from the entrance, \- Storm dropa of rain fell heavily, and glis tened, crowding in the flood of light. LewiB stepped out, and assisted Lady Sandys from the carriage. The butler's face was disfigured with grief, and his mouth worked enn vulsivoly. Had her ladyship glanced at him Ue must havo burst into tears; but Bhe moved Bwiftly across tho hall to the drawing-room, leaving Mr. Loiceatsr to enquire for Mrs. Sandys. 'The mistreBs in upstairs, sir,' Lewis said. ' Who in with her?' ' Mrs. Jnpp came ovor, sir.' ' Tell her that Lady Sandys is here.' ' Yes, sir.' Lewis went quickly down tho corridor, and Mr. Leicester followed Lady Sandys to tho drawing-room. Sho was removing her wraps, and sho laid them neatly upon a neighbouring table. Then sho went to the lire, lit in consequence of the dampness of the evening, and held out her little handB w LilB uioze; biiuy bremuiuu sugiiiiy, uul sue betrayed no othor sign of agitation. ' Shall I leave you Lady Sandys?' ' No, I think not. It is better you shonld remain.' Mr. Loiceater went into one of tho far corners of the room, and began turning over the leaves of a-book. Then he desisted, and stared up at a portrait on the wall. He gave a nervous start when the door of the room opened, and heard, with relief, that a message had been sent down to Lady Sandys, Esther was not well, and would rccoivo hor visitor upstairs. Lady Sandys left tho room, and tho attorney ridgettcd about, as he awaited her return. He was thankful to have been spared thiB additional pain. When after about a quarter of an hour, Lady Sandys came back to him, he asked hastily how she had left her graud-daughter. ' She has heard it liko— like a Sandys,', answered the tiny lady, wiping hor eyes for the first time, and repressing a sob. ' It must have been very painful,' he said, feelinfflv. ' Yea, it was,' she replied. ' Can I do unythiug further ? If not, I must Bay good evening. I want to visit Mr. Sandys to-night.' ' Mr. Leicester, how will they proceed with thiB charge ?' Ho observed that she did not prefix tho adjective 'shameful,' aa ninety-nine women out of a hundred would have termed a similar accusation. He made a few hurried steps aeross the room, and then answored her, with a re newed look of grief. ' It must go before judge and jury.' ' You mean the Assizes ?' 'Yes.' ' Where will Humphrey be taken to ?' ' To Lancaster.' ' Thank you, Mr. Leicester. Good night.' ' Good-night. Lady Sandys.' Ho escaped from tho presence of thiB fragment of steel or ice, and shook his head mournfully us he once more took his seat in tho carriage, in tho Priory drawing-room Lady Sandys sat beforo tho fire, thinking deeply. She would not weep, nor even pray under this blow; it had fallen upon her with crushing surprise, but she bore its-anguish in silence; even to hor own hcavt she re mained calm, unhumiliatcd, and unsubdued. CHAPTER XIX. It was a dismal aftornoon. .Rain was rustling down upon tho grass, falling incess antly from grey clouds. Mints str named up from the low pastures, and blurred tho sides of tho hills. As night approached the dreariness of tho weather increased, and fog began to roll and spread up tho valley, and gather in drifts among tho dripping trees. On tho banks of tho river noar the weir was a little crowd of people. Some of their number directed and encouraged half-a-dozen labourers, who were dragging tho water with wide nets. Tho low thunder of tho weir sounded above the noise of tho voices; and the water, swelled by tho rain, rushed down tho fall yellow with clay mud, and thick with froth. The twilight deepened, and the searchers woro about to give up their work, when a shout from one of their number mado everybody start forward. Then, slowly, and with difficulty, some heavy burden was drag ged up from tho depths of the water. Saranna Gibson had been missing since tho night of tho murder, and at last two men had come forward, and related what they bud heard, that evening, near the weir-pool. but the river had burn draggsd all day with out success. Now, in the wet fog of tho twi light, Knranna's body was found. Jonathan was among those upon the bank. Ho moved forward with a bewildered look, and thn curious guznrs fell back to let him pass. When tho still figure was laid upon the grass, he bent over it in silence. One of thn searchers, with an involuntary exclamation, pulled olf his coat, and Hung it over the (load face. Then Jonathan straightened himself, and passed his hand across his forehead. ' Hoo'd bust coom whoain,' ho said in a lubduod voice. Somebody gut a plank and the body was laid upon it and covered with a piece of sack ing. Then a slow procession formed, and moved in the direction of tho town. The fog thickened, and the trees and rocks seemed to loom in and out of the shifting vapours, like ghosts. Jonathan's hair and buurd dripped with the damp, as he followed in the steps of the bearers. His chin rested on his breast, and he breathed heavily as he walked along. Whou they reached the main street the crowd at their heels increased. Two figures coining in an opposite direction, stopped short, as they met tho advancing throng. One of them was Mr. Loiceater, and he pointed to the plank, and asked if there had been an accident. ' 'l'is Saranna Gibson,' he was told by half-a dozon eager voices, '? hoo's bin found i' t' weir' Mr Leicester turned to Jonathan, ' I'm sorry to hear this, Gibson,' ho said, ' very sorry.' Jonathan lifted his heavy oyes and stared at the lawyer. Mr. Leicester's companion, a tall, clean-shavon man, eyed the old weaver with iuteutncsj, and some interest. Then suddenly Jonathan spoko. ' Hoo's dead,' ho said briefly. 'Yes. I urn very sorry.' ' Thero's no ca to be sorry. It war I li* best thing us could cooin to her.' ' What do you mean?' ' I'so nono say what I means, now. ,1b Mcslhcr Sandys boun' to be tried aforo u judgoaud jury.asthoy'ro sayin' i' t' village?' ' Yes,' responded Mr. Leicester briefly. Jonathan passed his hand across his brow, and shook the beads of wet from his lingers. ' I'so be theer,' he said dreamily, ' I'so be Ulcer.' And then he passed on after the bearers. ' That is a strange fellow.' Mr. Leicester's companion remarked, as the two men wont on again, after this momentary interruption. ?' Yes. 1 wonder what he meant by those hist spoechos. Ho'b half-witted.' ' Has ho any connection with our casn ?'' 11 Hh» (laughter had.' ' Aye. In what way ?' Mr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's explanation of tho passage between Mr. Sandys and his wife which Lewis had inter preted as a quarrel. By the time he had finished speaking they had reached the I'riory. The butler admitted them, glancing at tho stranger curiously, and sluwed them ] straight into the room where Lady Sandys and Kstlier were sitting. Hetty Jupp was there also, for Ksther had refused to part with her, and the baby lay asleep, tucked up among the cushions of the couch. The. old woman would have lifted her charge and withdrawn, but Esther, in a low voice, bade her not disturb the child. She, thercfore,Bat down on the other Bide of the sofa in silence. The room was in firelight, and the flicker ing glow distorted everything, and lent impishness to all the objects upon which it played. Betty's face was a witch's head grinning abovo the couch; and tho shadows of some chairs were threo devils dancing in a corner. Perhaps tho uncertain gleams mado Esther's expression strange. Lady Sandys thought so, and, with a queer nervous shiver, sho hastily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. Mr. Leicester introduced tho stranger, before the light was brought in, and Lady Sandys greeted him with a curtsey. Esther with a few nervous words. He was the solicitor who was to draw up tho brief for Humphrey's counsel, and ho had pencil and note-book ready in his hand. Mr. Leiceator began to pull off his gloves, and one or two commonplaces passed as Lewis brought in the lamp. They all watched him mechanically while ho adjusted the wick and drew the curtains. The baby moved a little- and made an inarticulate sound. Betty glanced at Esther, but only met an earnest look, and quick shako of the head. The old woman Baw that hor neice desired her pre sence, and she bogan softly to hush the child where he lay. ' Now,' said Mr. Leicester, with assumed cheerfulness, ' if you please, Mrs. Sandys, we want all tho information in your posses sion. ' EBther moved ? restlessly, and her oheeka flushed. ' I will tell you what I can,' she said. And forthwith she related, carefully and slowly, all the incidents she had witnessed which boro in any way upon the murder. The two solicitors heard her in silence, but the stranger — Mr. Berkeley — glanced at her sharply now and then. When sha had Unislied speaking, he asked a quick question. ' Does anyone else know of all this ? ' ' No— no one.' Lady. Sandys had remained silent, and -Esther had been too much occupied in giving a cleat coherent account of events to ask any questions. But at the lawyer's exclamation of disappointment, ' she turned to Mr, Leicester. ' I should like to understand, please,' she said, pressing her hands tightly on her chest. ' It has all been so torriblo and so confused. I have understood nothing. What good can all this story do Humphrey ? ' Mr. Leicester looked at her with compas sion, touched by the strong constraint she was putting upon herself. Then he made her sit down again in her chair, and tried to explain the matter to her. ' 'Wo want all the witnesses we can get,' he said; 'you see, the caso against your husband is a very strong one. It has been practically proved that tho charge which killed Mr. Fiulloy was Bunt from Mr. Humphrey's gun, and, as you know, the last time the two gentlemen were seen to gether Mr. Humphrey was carrying his own 'fowling-piece, while- Mr. FitzRoy had given his to the servant. Mr. Humphrey's account of the matter is that he and his cousin parted company soon after they had passed the Uhellow Dene Works. Mr. Fitzlloy borrowed the gun, Raying that he might come across some game on tho moors near Heath Brows, and that iv, was too fine to go home. Mr. Humphrey ac quiesced, and turned towards the valley, but sat down near tho weir, and only roused himself when the twilight began to fall. He was then tempted to spend half-an-hour or so at tho ?' ruBh-berring,' having dined, and not fearing that you would bo anxious. The murder must have been committted as he sat by tho river; unfortunately, it was a lonely place — and, as ho met no one, we cannot establish an alibi. Now, as you know.LewiH's evidence has gone terribly against him. for, as it stands, it supplies motivo for the mur der. It was evident that the Coroner's jury believed that there had been a bitter quarrel on accou'nt of Mr. FitzRoy's attentions to yourself. The mistress of tho pcnciller'a shed had boon subpeenaed by the prosecu tion — sho has talked about the note, declaring that you said you had dropped it from your own pocket. The paper is curiously tinted, you see, and very recognisable What we must try to do is to prove that tho note was intended for another person. It will be u great point in our favour if we can show that Mr. Humphrey was iuterferingor behalf of one of of his tenants, not of himself. Now, do you understand how important your story is to us?' Mr. Leicester had spoken without consul ting his papers, and in tho clear earnest voice of ono who distinctly sees all sides of the question that is occupying him. LadySandys had listened attentively, while. Esther bent forward in her chair, her oyes lixed on him, her hands tightly clasped. She seined as if nho wished to speak, but, for a moment, could not lind any words. Lady Sandys broke into a little pause. ' Saruuna Gibson ? Cannot you subpenna her?' she asked, 'I heard some story of hor having left home. ' Mr. Leicester shook his head. ' She is drowned,' ho said, in a low voice. ' Her body was dragged up from the weir pool, to-night.' Lady Sandys excliamed, and Mr, Berke ley looked up sharply from his notes. ' We mustsubpooua the father, Mr. Leices ter. You remember what ho said to-night ?' 'Aye.' ' If wo can get a witness to. swear that this note was intended for Saranna Gibson it will bs, us you say, a point of no littlo value. Surely this flirtation was gossiped about in the village' Lady Sandys shook her head, ' I do not believe anybody knew anything about it,' she said, ' though there may havo bean rumours.' ' 1 hope to goodness we shall lind someone who knew,' said Mr. Berkeley rather shortly, ' Wo can't afford to losn a valuable ploeo of evidence like this.' 'Why muBt it bo lost ?' asked Esther, below her breath, fixing her earnest eyes upon tho stranger's face. ' I am speaking tho truth. I can tell nil about it.' 'Aye, aye,' ho answered, moro gently than ho had yet spoken, ' but it is not ad missible.' ' Why V' ' Vou are his wife,' Mr. Leicester ex plained, compassionately, ' and tliu law debars you from becoming a witness.' (To bo continued.) 