Two . Distinguished Exiles. \- Sometimes yon will meet men who bring up scenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. They bring up old memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw Oakey Hall, in Xiondon, and what recollections of New Tork under the reign of Tweed he brought npl Those were great days for Hall, aud fo men who were a" great deal worse than he. What a fellow of infinite jest he was, and what.a br^ht spot he made Jhe Mayor's office in New York some twenty years ago. The older newspaper men, politicians and men about he town will long remember its attractiveness. He "would have been .a rash man in those days who would have attempted to prophecy the height in the temple of fame to which tfrjg brilliant and Kitty man might not clixnb: "^Tiat prophet could foresee that this gifted and" once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile in a foreign land, leaving behind him on the field of his early triumphs nothing but shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a Bmall cafe in ,a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the fame of -which was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a" not pleasant character and oblivious- of his surroundings. He' had an intellectual face, but on it there' were deep lines that told of past sufferings. His long hair was gray—prematurely gray. His shoulders were beat, and .there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But he was evidently a tall man, and some yeacrsj^gamnst have been a handsome man. As hesat at the table he looked like a strongman borne down by the memory of some great sorrow of the past.^, \ : ^Presently he arose and walked out without looking to the right or-the left, -.and then I recognized bjnij although it has been yeaas since I saw him before. It. was Thecdore . Tilton, .the once famous editor of the New York Independent. Bni how changed, in the days of his > popularity, tall, »rect, strong and hasdsome,- now a broken, prematurely old- man. Hs is doing ssome sortof literary work here, but nc one seems -to knojy just wh^t it is. I conld not but think, after r seeing- the man, that the 'scandal in which this man's llfe.was "wrecked was more than mere' scandal. It "was, in" tact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it Is narrowing. The .greatest of* them is dead, ^bo -'are . others/ among them some of the lawyers and several; of the jury. One of thfe- lawyers, BenV jamin F. Tracy, is In the Cabinet'of IhePresidefitajttheflJnitedrSjiates. . Mrs. Tilton is.more fcatunately situated than her Imsband,' for she-has the company and sympathy of her children. But Theodore Tilton haunts out-oftfie-: 