SOME JOURNALISTIC REMINISCENCES. MEN WHO HAVE GONE AHEAD. Mr. John Haynes, M.L.A. for Wellington, in New South Wales, was one of the founders. of the Bulletin. In the old Exchange Hotel, at the corner of George and King Streets is exhibited the last of the old Bulletin posters, on which appear the names of 1 Haynes and Archibald, proprietors.' In the early days of this journal Haynes did magnificent work in the business parb of the paper. He got advertisements where other men could not possibly get them, but it frequently transpired when accounts were sent in for payment that the advertiser had forgotten abmt having given the order. This led to little differences between the proprietors, and John's share merged into the general concern. After the Chowder Bay exposure and the consequent libel action which resulted in the imprison ment of the proprietors, Haynes severed his connection with the Bulletin. This article, by the way, generally credited to Archibald, was written by W. H. Traill, and was one of the most graphic descriptions of larrikin revelry and Bacchanalian orgies ever committed to cold type in Aus ralia. There was set out the antics of drunken girls and drunken lad*, the licentiousness of middle age, and the ruffianism of the coarser and tougher element. Society was shocked, the police were scared into action, and the result was the temporary closing of the grounds. The proprietor pro ceeded againsb the paper, and though a strong case was made out for the defendants the jury returned a nominal verdict for the plaintiff under the im pression that this wou]d not carry costs. It did, however, and Haynes and Archibald spent a considerable time as first-clacs misdemeanants wbh in the walls of Darlinghurst, and from here Archibald turned out some of the best work he has ever done. Haynes next started Haynes' Weekly, a Sunday paper, which came out some how every Sabbath morning, but just how it came out no one—Haynes him self included—was ever competent to explain. In the office of Haynes' Weekly the ghost tottered at iae and very irregular intervals, but such was the influence of John's personality that he could get work done f >r nothing where less popular men c ,uld not have done so by paying full rates. While running this journal he made a bid for a seat in Parli - men*, and was returned with Mr. Black as col eague for the representnti n of Mudgee His brother (Mr. R. S. Haynes, Q.C., popularly known as 1 Dicky ') < ccupies a seat in the Upper House c f West Australia as a member for the Central Province. Another brother (Dr. Haynes) is practising successfully in Perth. Jack Haynes is always a welcome visit >r to the N.S.W. press gallery, and in the intervals of dry debate mois ens his own clay and that of the recording angels whilst swopping lie* and reminiscing over old times and old bauds. Adolphus George Taylor, one of the moat brilliant) and at the same time the most erratic genius whc so corus cation* have lightened the gh»om of the Eastern pre*s. began his journalistic career by writing paragraph ma t~r for the Ba hurst Sentinal, a paper started by Dan Mayne, a well-known sport, at that time proprietor of a hotel in the City of the Plains. In these early days Taylor's stuff bad a de cidedly Dead Bird tone. He wrote pla:n English—and a lot of it. The brothels, of ^hi h at that time there were a number in the city, received a full share of his attention, and from the tore of the articles and che careful noting of details it was fu ly apparent that 1 Dolph ' did not gather his matter a': second hand. The Bathurst Club, a very toney institution, refused him admission as a member, whereupon he got to work on that semi rel gious insti ution, and exposed its inward', ess t > such purpose that the 1 unco guid,' who had previously prided themselves on their association with this aristocratic clique, took down their names from the members' list and spent more of their evenings at home than it had been their wont to do. Whilst still connected with the Sentinel he permitted himself to be nominated for the representation of Mudgee, and though his constant com panion throughout the campaign was a non- voter by name James Hennessy, whose motto is ***, and whose abiding place was one of those glass houses at which temperance lecturers so frequently throw stones, he was returned by a large majority, and in Parliament gave every promise of early developing into a powerful political leader. His contest with the then Speaker (Mr. E. Barton) on a point of order, his defeat in the Supreme Court of N.S.W., and his subsequent personal triumph before the Privy Council are matters of history. On his temporary retire ment, from political life he was made Examiner of Patents and drafted the existing patent laws of N.S.W. He retired from this position and became associated with W. N. Willis, M.L.A. for Bourke, in the establishment of Sydney Truth. This paper he con ducted for some time, and owing to a disagreement with Willis he abandoned its direction and started a journalistic venture under the title of the Spectator. Asso ciated with him in this were Mr. Oscar Bailey (now of the Register) and Mr. J. Drayton (late editor of she KoolgarJie Miner). The Spectator was not a pronounced success. On its merits it should have lived, but Taylor had no money, and in the ciurse of a few weeks a very pro mising and particularly vigorous news paper passed peacefully away. —Rover. (To be continued,) 