In Societp's Woods. ffl m Sign of four ©\ S.A,. doesn't sec wliy Victoria should "be the only province to fill London full of phenomenalities in the way of song- Ijirds and that sort of thing, and quite properly, tco. So an effort is to be made to float Miss Lulu Gillespie on a foreign market to have her voice properly trained. Just having left her teen? "behind lier, with a good soprano voice, and an unlimited capacity for hard work, Miss Gillespie should boom after a course of-study on t'other s^ide. Why doesn't some philanthropic old gentleman with plenty of money (there are any amount of them in S.A..) employ his spare time in going round the, suburbs with a spade to dig out talented people and give them, a chance to make the world "sit up?" The first one who takes up my suggestion had better toddle round to Enitt-street and hear Miss Bessie Coles's (who is a pupil of Signor de Giorgio's, by the way) beautiful voice— and whistle. She is a siffleuse of the highest order. Imagine S.A. bouncing a sifHeuse on the coroneted receptions of London. How snappy! At the recent enormous charity bazaar in London, with accounts of which every uaper is full. Miss Mnxime Elliott, and Miss Elliott Page were barkeeperesses at ihe American bar. Lord Kilmorey still in attendance! As senior vice-president, his Lordship managed the financing of ihe show. I wonder how he did it, and will somebody write a "pome" to immcrtalize the doing of it, and budding recitationists contort themselves in drawing-rooms to show how it was done? Pouf! How could any one (outwardly) harbor such a scheme. Apropos of the Woman in Politics, I have just been struck by this bit cf verse: Ch, the Thirtieth Century Girl! What a wonderful thing she will be! She'll evolve from, a mystical whirl A woman unfettered and free; No corset to cramp her waist, No crimps to encumber her brain; Unfraid, bifrucated, unlaced. Like the goddess of old she will reign. She'll wear bloomers—a matter of course; She will vote, not a question of doubt r She will ride like a man on a horse; At the club late at night she'll stay out. If she chances to love she'll propose; To blush will be quite out of date; She'll discuss politics with her beaux, And out-talk her masculine mate. Her voice vill be heard in the land; She'll dabble in matters of State; In Council her word will command, And her whispers will laws regulate. She will stand with her banner unfurled, Inscribed with her principles new; But the question is—What in the world The new Century Baby will do! The dressing was early winter in style, and some of it much worn in appearance. The spring fashions are sitting back for the Hunt Club Races, I think. There was a weird appearance of a marvellous kind of toque, which will surely die with the winter. It has a plume shooting suddenly out from each side of the front like two bent horns. Just the kind of headgear one would like to go home and give to one's cook, especially if a bad cook. The "ladies' member" for North Adelaide is exceptionally fond of music, and a constant attendant at the "pop." concerts. His trenchant criticisms are always worth hearing. At a recent concert a young lady, who had evidently not been properly taught, sang in two distinct qualities of voice. "Shure," said the witty member, "she's a mighty cliver girl. I niver heard wan sing a duet with herself before." A Sydney correspondent tells me that since the coming of Lord Beauchamp all Sydney girls Lave taken to wearing his color, a "pinky-red." And also, that every mamma in the place has left shoals of cards on the aged 27 and unmarried Gov. The girleens and "mommers" might, save themselves the worry of it all. Any man who suffers from the idea of having a "purpose" in life is not to be de- coved by young persons flashing round in "pinky-reds." The purpose-in-iife disease is even more fatal than the moneygrabbing mania. An American paper, commenting on Sarah Bernhardt's Hamlet, pooh-poohs the whole idea of the divine Sarah being at all successful in. the role, and says: "A woman Hamlet, when he saw his father's ghost, would only clutch blindly for his skirts and go into hysterics until a man came in and chased the thing away." Which is really very American, but—did Hamlet wear skirts? It has come. The shipping- off-ofgenius craze in a most virulent form. Worse than subscription dances, even. JJiss Meta Buring is to have a benefit concert before her departure to Germany to have her beautiful contralto voice polished. She ought to do well, as she is not one of those people who are content just to dabble their mental understandings in the brook of Life, and flirt with work over their shoulders. Earnestness is only one of her many good qualities. The annual St. Paul's dance in aid of the school debt fund took place in the Adelaide Town Hall on Thursday last. It was a financial success. Though most of the Church people bought tickets to pay off the debt they stayed away to show their disapprobation of the mazes of the slippy, trippy, flippy dance being made the broad path that leadeth to—a church without a debt. Yet those people expect to go to Heaven some day and sit on a cloud, while they play a Jew's harp betweeen whiles. Though the attendance was a small one, things hummed under the direction of the energetic secretary (Mr. H. E. Puller). He was not worried by the sight of a dado of wallflowers. The dancing man was there, and he danced. The first day of the A.R.C. Grand National Meeting was on Saturday last at Victoria Park. There was a large attendance, but many familiar faces were missing, and somehow more than one fair dame wished she had been like Lady Tennyson, and stayed at home. His Excellency the Governor was present, attended by Captain Wallington. I was much amused to read in a contemporary that Amy Castles was 1 , of slight physique. She is a large-boned, square-built girl, of the sturdiest type. Broad-chested and plump-limbed, the very picture of rude health and strength. Miss Amy Castles' special advance agent was a young Catholic priest, Rev. A. G. Robertson, a convert from Anglicanism, whom the unwashed, of course, declared had an interest in the receipts. He had nothing of the kind, nor any interest in the show "beyond seeing that Photo, bu Hammer. Adelaide. Miss Castles was fairly treated. The protection of the Church is even more effective than hair down and frocks— well, above the ankles. Mdlle. Dussan gave her first lecture in connection with the University Extension Lectures on Monday last. The subject was Precursors of the Nineteenth Century—Rousseau, Diderot—given in French. Mdlle. spoke for an hour, and by the frequent applause I gathered that it was immensely interesting. The mere hearing of it was charming. Her musical voice and pretty, expressive face, accompanied by attractive little gestures of the hands—beautiful hands, not too small, but perfect in shape—almost made the whole lecture understandable to an Australian girl, whose French conversation is limited to the usual schoolroom enquiry, "Avay—voo ma plume? Wee, wee, jer l'ay, madumosell." About fifty ladies and six men were present. Observation told me that only a handful of the audience knew what it was all about. Which was quite all right. It's mystery that takes. If you can only get people wondering what you mean when you say things or write things now-a-days that means success. It was quite too funny when little touches of humor came up during the lecture. Those who understood laughed. Those who didn't stared round with a blank expression to see who the cultured folks were. Four or five damsels in the front row presented a line of unintelligent backs, and only betrayed themselves once —a yarn did it. Overheard after the French lecture. He—"Charming lecture, was it not? So interesting." She (quite honest)—''Tm sure it was good, but I don't understand French, you know?" He (admiringly)— "How noble of you. I don't either, but I wouldn't confess it for worlds!" Miss Adelaide Sabine, one the Season's Debutantes* 