BROTHERS OF THE CHAIN, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT THt-y ca-zsos&o-ss; 'Author of "The Angel of the Revolution," "Olga Romanoff," "Outlaws of the Air," "Romance of the .Golden Star," "Knight of the White Rose," "Valdar tile Oft- Born," &c;„ &o; ' ' , V - COPYRIGHT. . CHAPTER XVlI.-(Continuei) "There is," sal<J Standisli, opening the "'Globe" at the page which contained the Btory of the finding of. the sole survivor of the "Scandinavian," and putting It before his gule#t. "Just run your eye over that. Lieuten- ant," he continued, pointing to the column. "Then look over on the next page and under Naval Intelligence? you'll And something about yourself and your mysterious friend, and when you've done that we shall he able to understand each other better." The Lieutenant took the paper and began to read without a word. He was: not a man of inuchBpeech when there was either thinking or acting to be done, and' he knew that a man of Standlsli's wealth and position would not have done what he had done without some good reason. He read -the story through ra pidly and yet not missing a point. Then he turned over, and read the verstoa of his own report, which had been a general topic of con versation In the smoking-room the night be fore. When he had finished he looked up and saw Standlsh sitting In his place poring over a map — a large one of Africa, which covered half the table. "Well, Mr. Standlsh." he said, very quietly, "j suppose the meaning of this Is that yon have some reason for suspecting that the ves sel which we saw off the coast .Is tlie fame as tills yacht, the 'Sybile.'" "You've got It in ence. Lieutenant," renin,-. . Standlsh, with his linger on i he map. "Now this Is where. I want you to begin to help me. iWhen'ivas It that you sighted this croft?" . "On the night of last 'Wednesday week, the l3th o£ October," was the reply. . "Thai's nine days ago. This story Is already three days old— that's six days. Now, as o naval man, do you think It's possible for any craft to' get from here, where you saw her. to Toulon la under six days?" He had his linger on the spot indicated by the latitude and longitude In the report' as he ' spoke. Then ho put the forefinger of his left hand on Toulon. The Lieutenant got up and leaned over the map with his hands on the table. . "It's a very long way," he said, deliberately. "'No, I should not say that It was possible. What I mean is I don't know of any sea going craft that could do the distance in the time. At a rough guess I should say that it is considerably over three thousand miles- nearer four, In fact. The 'Lucanla' herself cduldn't do It by a day; and this craft was nothing like the 'Lucanla.' " "But I thought that the report stated that she- travelled at an enormous speed?" asked Standlsh, with a touch of disappointment in Ills tone, "She certainly seemed to do so," replied tha Lieutenant. "For Instance, we were going seventeen, and she ran away from us just as a deBtroyer might have done in smooth water : but then you must also remember that out at sea appearances at night are very deceptive. Still, of course, there are the two facts, that he was travelling very fast and that he was going without lights, and if we hadn't lost him bo soon I should have felt Inclined to give him a hint with a four-Inch gun., . Beastly bad manners, you know, when you're spoken by pne of her Majesty's Bhlps not to answer." "But you did' get a good look at her with Ihe searchlight?" said Standlsh. "Oh, yes, just for a -moment. You know Iwhen you see anything with a searchlight Hike that It. looks like a ghost coming up out of the darkness. Still, I had time to see that she was apparently a yacht of consider able size " "Do you think you'd know her again, Lieu tenant, if you saw her?" Interrupted Standlsh ' quickly. "After all, that's a good deal more to thd'-polnt." "Well, yes, I think I should," replied the Lieutenant, slowly. "You see we fellowB ut Bea have to have a knack of taking In a Ship's appearance very quickly, and although I didn't see her for very long— oniy a few moments, lr» fact — I saw her very distinctly. lAnd of course the circumstances themselves Iwould tend to cause me to remember her." "Well, that's good enough for me," sold Standlsh.' "Now, Lieutenant, I want you to do me a favour, which I should have no right to ask you for, only that I believe you'll grant kt if you can when you know the rea sons." "I should certainly like to solve the mystery (myself; and aB I have a couple of monthB' Rea'vjo duo to me-i— " just tne very thing I was going to nsk you," said Standlsh,, interrupting him eagerly. "I'm going to ask you to spend that leave, or some of It at any rate, i n a trip across Eu rope to the Mediterranean, and, If necessary, further. I want to find this Sybile, and I want you to tell me whether she is the boat that you saw: and before- you sa£ "Yes' or 'No' to that I'll ask you to let me tell you why I want you to Come." The Lieutenant leant back in bis choir, and took a sip at his coffee, giving no evidence of surprise at the somewhat singular request, and said just as quietly as he had spoken all along: "Please go on; Mr. Standisli, I'm sure your reasons will be worth hearing, and I shall be most happy to fall In with your wishes, If I con. Only, of course, I shall hare to run home for a day or two first." "Of course," said Standlsh, "Take a smoke. I can recommend these. Well, now, to put It as shortly as possible, the matter stands this way. This Merrivale and myself are both in love with the same girl. She's re fused me, and accepted him, or at any rate there's an understanding between them, and so you mustn't put what I'm going to say down to selfishness, because I'm not the sort of man who would risk taking 'No' from any»- one twice. Still, this young lady belongs to an old and honourable family. After what I have said I needn't, of course, tell you that I respect her very highly. Now this story 'seems to be a bit too good; and yet perhaps you've seen that there's one bit missing, which makes-It all read very suspiciously." , "I can't say that I have seen It so far," said ithe Lieutenant. "But then I've only just glanced through It. What Is your point?" "It's this," said Standlsh. "Merrivale knew that this brother .of his, whether the Marquis or the convict, was a passenger on the .'Scandinavian.' Therefore, If this story about picking him up Is true, he must have known that lie could only have got Into that ccndltlon by the 'Scandinavian' becoming a wreck, and ns lie-knew that, why did he go all those hundreds' of miles to. Toulon without going Into Gibraltar, or . somewhere about there, to report what had happened? You know, a yaiht's not like a mall ship. Lieu tenant. Her time's her own, and a day's steaming Is neither here nor there. Why didn't he do that?" — , "Well, yes, I must say that that does look a little suspicious," was the quietly-spoken reply. "And another thing," he went' on, staring linrd at the map, ,"a big ship like that couldn't run Into another .or get run into and- smashed up, and both ships go down together, without making a good deal of flotsam of different sorts. And beside, you know, even In the case of the 'Bourgogne' some boats got away, and, as It happens, we came over that very spot, ob far as one can judge, and we never saw a thing, and nothing has been re ported. Then, again, no other ship has'been reported as loBt at" Lloyd's within the last fortnight, and certainly If anything capable of sinking the 'Scandinavian' had been lost I should think Lloyd's would have heard of It by this time. : But you haven't told me your theory of the affair, yet." "To tell you the truth," replied Standlsh, "I haven't got one. I only read the story this morning, and since then I've been pretty busy thinking, but I must confess I haven't got any1 very clear Ideas to go upon. But, for the sake of urgument, one might put It tills way. Suppose this Merrivale Is not the Mar quis, but the convict. I-Ie knows that his real brother, the Marquis, hus sailed In this mall ship. This oftier Marquis, d'Avranche, who, by the way, lin.j one of the loveliest daughters the light .of day ever shone on, owns a yacht of enormous speed, and perhnps armed with some Infernal contrivance which could send a ship to the bottom ill a few minutes. "TheHe two are accomplices. Tlioy start out to stop the 'Scandinavian' In mid-ocean, hold her up, take the other fellow off, and then sink her. Of course I admit that it's a pretty wild theory, and if I hadn't seen thai paragraph about your report nothing of the sort would ever have struck me. But it seems to ihe that, mad and all us the theory may sound, It's the only way of uecountlng . for the absolute disappearance of the 'Scandinavian,' the absence of all wreckage In the waters where slie Is supposed to have gone down, and what you saw that night. You'll remember, too, that you saw her right In the track of the Africnn liners. Who was she? .What was she doing there? And what sort of a yacht must it be that can /, steam, twice as fast as one of lier Majesty's cruis ers?" 1 "I'm afraid, my dear sir," said the Lieu tenant, "that you'll find it us dlfllcult to find, an answer to those questions as you would to get your very ingenious theory as to the loss of the Scandinavian accepted. You see, it would Involve an act of piracy of the most atrocious description, and they don't make pirates in steam yachts nowadays, ydu know. I grant you, of course, -that the great speed of the vessel we saw Is a mystery. No such yacht Is known— I mean no yacht capable of. such a speed, because she must have been travelling over thirty knots. Again, the fact of her going without lights on a dark night like that, and the further fact that, Instead of answering our hull she ran away from us —well, all tills Is certainly very suspicious. Whatever she was doing there she wus after no good. And so far I follow you. But as for the rest " ' : , "Well, then, Lieutenant," Standish Inter rupted, "If you can follow .me as far as that, will you come and follow the yacht with me? When we find her, if you snn-say: 'That is the craft I saw,' we can go further; or at any, rate I can, because I believe there's crooked work here, and I'm going to get to the bot tom of It, good or bad, if It costs me a million dollars to do It. When there's even a pos sibility of an ex-convict masquerading ns . a- Marquis, and persuading Violet Seymour to marry lilm " "I beg your pardon," said the Lieutenant, - looking up, "Did you say Violet Seymour.- One of tlie Northumberland Seymours, Isn't she? She lins a brother Alfred, hasn't she?", "She -has," said Standisli, "and a very nice fellow, too. Do you know them?" "Well," replied tlio Lieutenant, smiling. I was at Harrow with Alfred, and when I, first knew Miss Violet she was wearing short frocks. When do you propose to start?" "Then you'll come?'.' , ; "If you can give mo a couple of days to run home, I will," said the Lieutenant; "The Seymours are very old friends of ours, aiid. the bare possibility of anything like yoii sue- Best happening to any of them Is quite enough for me. If I can get' leave' enough I'll follow that yacht round the world with you." "Good!" said Standlsh, holding out -his hand. "That's a deal. Shape!" ; CHAPTER XVIII. — A MISSION AND A MURDER. Mark Standish was. one of those men who, with the characteristic straightforwardness ot his race, believed that a misunderstanding among friends or acquaintances nt a. critical juncture was about the worst thing that could happen; and tlierefore'he was quite ready and willing to risk minor unpleasantnesses; even 1 bough they might 'in their degree be serious, rather than allow- the seeds of misfortune to ,;p"rllnilte the too-fertile soil of mystery. Therefore the first thing that he did when he left Lieutenant Stormont, after having re ceived his promise to meet lilm at Charing Cross In time for the Continental express on the next day but one- following their Inter view at the Kcppel's Head Hotel, was to go straight back to London and call on Lady Seymour and her daughter In Park-street, violet had evidently explained matters to her mother meanwhile, and, to a certain extent, converted her to lier views. And yet not quite, for Lady Seymour was a practical woman, and the Standish millions were very real; and moreover she had lived long enough In the world to have. her. doubts, about tho halo of romance with which Merrivale had contrived to encircle himself when taking leave of her daughter, and she had moved long enough in the best ranks of English Society to know the difference between a French Marquis, even of the First Empire, and a corresponding title in Debrett. On the way up from Portsmouth he had de bated at some length with himself as to whe ther he should say what he had to sav to Lady Seymour alone, or whether he should as he put It to himself, "have it out with both or them at once and have done with it" In the end he slept on the difficulty, and the morning being, as usual, wiser than the even ing, counselled him to take the most honest, If also the most difficult course, and make his thoughts and Intentions plain, not only to» Lndy.Seymour, but also to the girt who had' so recently refused him. Of course it was not at alt a pleasant thing to do. In fact, he had a painfully vivid an ticipation of the cold stare of displeasure .which would look at him out of Miss Violet's pretty eyes as soon as she had grasped his meaning. He feared that In fact more than anything else; except- perhaps what she might say to him — or. worse, still, the chilly silence in the midst of which he would be condemn ed to speak.' Still, lie was not ttfi sort of man to shirk even a prospect like this when he had once decided upon what he considered to be the proper course of action, and so, at ten o'clock the next morning, he found himself waiting, just a trifle nervously, in the drawing- room of the house In Park Street for the coming of either -her Ladyship, or Viol-'.t, and he also caught himself wishing very devoutly that it would be her Ladyshslp. And this was as it happened. Lady Sey mour- came Into the room alone, and when tlie Bret conventional greetings had passed Standlsh' pulled himself up to the full height of his New England stature, and looking straight, over her head, said, a trifle stlffiy and awkwardly: "Lady Seymour, I've not exactly come to pay you a Society call this morning, I've come to have a sort of understanding with you, which I think— — " fro nic ccsTiwnzn.) 