MONICA. (A SEA-SIOIRE IDYLL). BY MARION DOWNES. (Concluded from last week.) CITAI'_EI III. I)hwn broke at length on the Trevally. coast: Its light rievealed a group of people on the shore, whose wan faces told of a night of agonised suspenase. Among them was a stranger who had been washed ashore an hour before in an unconsccious state, but who was now restored. One who had brought a brief message from the sea: "'Tell my wife say that Paul Leeson -" And one who stood among them heard, and in the hearing, knew that the light of her life had gone out-that she loved, indeed, but too late. Ah! those went drear Y days that fol lowed, days that merged into weeks and months. A great change had come to Monica (during that time. tHer step was slower, .her cheek paler, her manner even more listless; and into her dark abunidant tresses had come many silvery threads. She seldom spoke of bar lost husband, but those who lived with her knew that. he was never absent from her thoughts. She used to take long, solitary walks along the beach, always gazing seawards. as though in the hope of the sea giving up its dead. One day she was sitting on a jutting rock. her head lbowed, her hands chlasped, when a sudden noise startled her. She turned just in time to see a boat put off from the neighboring pier. Monica felt a strange fascination in watching the head and shoulders of the man in the boat. albeit he wore a shabby greatcoat and a tweed cup. closely drawn over his ears. She" wondered vaguely who he was, and what was familiar about him, then she dismissed him from her mind, and gave herself up again to her own sad thoughts. Althoigh nearly fomr months had passed since the waves had washed Phi lip Maitland to the Trevallyn shore, and although his home and his business lay in Sydney and called for his presence there. lie was still at the "Trevallyn IHotel." Hie was a frequent visitor to the hous,' on tile cliff-top:; indeed, Monica -admitted himn when she excluded others. for :had he not been the last with her Paul? Atid. wistfully, Monica used to ask hint to tell it all over again. anti to try and remember if Paul had not said one word ntorte. Oh. whatt were the words which the tempest roar had stilled? She htd been robbed, cruelly robbed: would thei sea ever mtake restoration to her' Her grief for her dead htusband was so natunral. so pitiful tlhat Philip Maitland honored her all the more for it! For a time. Then he grew wtart'y of it, thought it was time she shoutl dry her tears. time site should herself try to for get Paul. and give some or all of her thoughts to himself instead. All this and more he tried to tell her in his own fashion, libut Monica was slow to compre hend his meaning, and when iat length she dil. totht Philip Maithutd and his prtoposal5 met with such summ;u'v dis itissal :is left hitu no furtheor holpe in that quarter. But Paul Leeson was nlot der:ld. though by this tine the news of his death had become a: thing of tho past: though dur ing all this time his wife refused to be comforted. When that dawn broke. four months. ago. he was lying in a c'ave on the lighllthose beach. Thither the waves had washed their nneonsctious burden on the precedintg night, poisin himt for a:l instant on the ridge of the topunost wave which lived the itiinmitlable sweep of ocean beyond: but. as if in hlumane moond.. reeding and casting the poor tired body far. l'au inland. where it was no more beIlten nd bruised. lbut lay peace fully, ais if indeed in its long last sleelp. And to this cave. led by a" Higher (Guid ance than her own. came the lighthouse keeper's wife. in the first streak of dawn. - She had no special reason for coming--her husband was sleeping peacefully-but tempted partly by tihe peaceful beauty of the morning. :anud partly by vague curiosity, ias to what the stormn might luavte driven in. sheit had wandered on till she realchled the iouth of the cave. There. apparently lifeless, lay the man who had risked his life for her husband's. Through the long night shie hadt prayed for his safety. Sheit flung herself down beside him. drawing his chill holly close to her warm breast, and pillowing his head on her shoulder, while deepl sols burst from her. "011. God." she cried. "give me back his life: lie saved my Jack last night." She half-dra:ggtl. half-enrried. himu out into the warm sunlight: shite cll'ed his limbs till she saw signs of returning life. Then she ruished hlome for the usutlt re stor:atives. At last! at last! 'Thaitk God! Paul Leetson draws a long breath and opens his eyes. He is saved. IBy and bye Ite was so far recovered ;is to le able with hier assistance to wa;lk to the lighthouse. whifhi was not very far diLs tant. fis fi'rst words after he had eaten and r'ested startled her sotIewhiiat. "M's O'rr. my wife will have henard by this time tltat I am tdrowned: you musLt llno let hier know" thalt I :un Lsaved.l" She stalred at him aighast: shie thought the shock iutst have ldeprived himn of his senses. But lie went on tallnly: "It scems a strn-age request, no doubt, but I have a reason for this. 1Vill you swe"u to me that you will keelp my existence a secret until I chloose to tlisclose it? It will only be for a time. Promiise ite." "Bint, doctor, hoaw can I keep it a so cret? People will bIt sture to tind out. hVliere will .you go." I-Ie interrulpted her. "I have planned it all. 1 uwill staiy with you and your hlius bltud; I will disguise myself as an oll tian. anid you t.'n give ollt that your' father has collne to visit you. I shall reveal my true self when thie time comtes. It rests with you and Mr Orr to keepl my secret. Youn tolt me last night. did you not, thait you hoped some day to rewutrd me for saving your husband's life'e" "I did. Dr Leeson," shq answered. "I can never reward you for thirt." iHe smiled. "I don't want anty reward, you know well: .I only didl my duty, anid, ts a matter of fact. you have re warded tilme. for to your c-are I am in ldebtedt for mty lifte. I only reminded you of your words last night, as a plea that you would gant ate this new favor." There was no helpl for it, and Mrs Orr at length unwillingly complied, on condi tion that the secret was only to be a tent polrary one. And though a doctor came over next morning to -ttend the sick man. iand though the boats went hIither and thither all day long. and men and women walked over shore and cliff for miles around in search of a lifeless body. no one dreamt of looking into the lighthouse cellar for a living man. So the weeks passed, and Mrs Orr' and her lhusband kept thet secret inviolate. More than once the fisher folk wondered who that solitary boatmn might be, who wore a shabby g'reat coat and a tweed cap drawn closely over his earus. But rumor supplied the answer that he was only Mrs Orr's father. and the sleepy inhabitants of Trev-tllyn troubled themselves no more about the matter. Letters passed betwee-nl the self elected stowawiay at the lighthouse andti his lbankers aind iagents in Sydney, rind more than one mysterious parcel arrived at the lighthouse for Mr Mann. It would have disconcerted Philip Maitland rathler, had he knou'n that on the oc;csions of his visits to Monica, he was watched, and that regularly is even ing fell. a tall man with a shabby great coat would fasten his little boat securely on the shore below, and would stand for hours opposite the house of the hlte Dr Leeson. It was on the evening of LMait land's dismissal' by Monica thlt, as he banuged-to the gate angrily, and strode across the road, that this w-ttcher con fronted him In the dim starlight Mait land saw beneath a deeply-drawn tweed cap. a-pair .of blue eyes and a heavy -white moust'ache. APcPrdon me, but will you tell me 'h~e'e Dr. Leeson is to be found?" enquired th( stranger. Maitland stared at him, "Dr Leeson! Hle is dead-drowned." "Drowned?" interrupted he of tht white moustitche, in : shocked voice "You don't say that. When tlid it hatp pelt?" "Oh,?. four or live months algoc ` Malt, latid a:nswered carelessly. "will you tell ume the circumstaOtes?' the other one asked eagerly "'I 'a'm au old friend of his." :triefly Philip Maitland complied. and wat moving off imlptiently, when tfh s?tranger laid :r detaining h:and on his sleeve. "'What became of'the young man whom Paul Leeson threw the life-buoy to? Where is he now?" "I am he!" "You? And you have remained here ever since? T~hy, what attraction can a dull hole like this have for a young fel low like you?" Philip Mfaitland's glince wandered involuntarily towards tlhe house he had just left. Ilis companlon's eayes followed his gaze. "'Ah, I see," he remarked in an under tone. "Widow, young, pretty; is not that so?" Maitland gave the blue veyes and white moustache a qulck. penetrating gtilnce. "A harmless old fellow," he strid to him self. Ilis next wordi came with a jerk, "Yes, far too pretty and' young to- waste her life crying over a dead hlisbhand," he answered moodily. "Oh. but she won't do that:"' answered the other quickly.. "But she will, though." "HLow do you know?" "Know? Haven't I done all in my power to make her' forget hitnt:" "And you mean to say that you did:not succeed ?" The voice- had it far-off sound to the speaker. "Succeed?" answered Maitland; bit terly. "Teo-night, when I spoke pliinly of love to her-I hinted ofteo enough be fore-but she never would'understtand me -to-night, when I spoke out plainly, shO flew at me like a tigress, and told me to leave her and never come near her again." "Then she really loved Paul?" the other said dreamily. 'rhe young man started at the ques tion, and at the questioner. "I don't think we have Inuch reason to doubt that." hle answered, with. a touch of sara?sm. Thegrcy-coated mulnsemcc 'ed to fall into a reverie, and Philip Maitland; feeling strangely uncomfortable, was again about to mo-ve off, when he was again stopped. "You are the mlan that 'aul I.eeson saved or helped to sav't?" "I' ant." "II'm. You feel grateful to idli, no doubt s" "Of course. Why ? " 'Philip atdded. impatiently. "A queer old fish, this." he was saying to himself; "where on earth did heI spring from'?" "Why? Oh, nothing-only a ralther queer way of expressing one's gratitlude to the dead man--to try and nake his wife forget hin." Philip Maithlid waited to hear tno imoree.lie was several huIldred feet away by this little. conscious of a tlqutr, eerie sentsationl. as otf one who had just held commmunion with a ghost. ''Though the night. was a warml one, lie shivered from head to foot. "'One could f:ncy it wats Leeson himself, if it were not too absurd to thintk so." he lntuttered to hiln self. "I'11 clear out of the blessed place by the' first train to- morrow." CIIAPT'ERl: IV. Left alone. Paull Leeson (frl', of course, it was !It) stood there half-dat.ed with joy. Then it was true that Mlonic'a loved hiti-her gr'ief was real-he had inade assurance doubly sure to-lghl. liHe had wronged his wife by Ibelieving she would be happier without hint. A wild, plassionatle desire to see her fat'e, to hear hler voice again, canme to hilt then. IHe felt lie dared not show hinlself to her suddenly, for the shock would be too great for her; he must findl some gradual way of doing so. Meanwhile, the must see her. -He turned back to his own old home. opened tihe gate noiselessly, :and enIt eretd. 't'here was no one about: the set'rvants of the household usually retired early. but the drawingrootn was lit, and the windows were open. Ad vancing c(autiously over the thick grass. Paul treachedtl the verandah. There. comnpletely- hidden fromn view amonu the rose- leaf 'eroenert. P';at stood and-gazed upon his wife. Sitingu there, with the Illnp's rays full otn her face and on her bllack dress. So worn and white sthe looked that tlte eyes that watched her grew misty. SIt' seetucdl re?tless, for after idly pulling to luitci?s tile white roses tltlt :lay1 on bler l:p sihe walked up and down the roon; tinally., she went ov'er to the opICn pi:no, andII let Iler fillgers wander over tile keys in :t it'lUposeless mulnner. Suddenly she roused herself. :and. picking p a tntmlb'r of songs. she selected one, and pla:ced it be fore her. Then a: moment later her voice, her ,well- renlnlebered voice.rtaug out in tlhrill ing sveetness on the still night a:ir. The words were those exquisitely s:lad a:indl be)tanutiful ones of TJean lugelow's, :ulld ts thllet fell fromn the singer's ips,. hier n scelt listener drank them in, everly (lie. "When snparrows build, and the leaves break forth, My old sorrow wakes and cries; For I know there is dawn in the far, far North, And a scarlet sun doth rise. Like a scarlet fleece the snowfield spreads, And the icy founts run free, And the bergs begin to bow their heads And plunge and sail in the sea. Oh. my lost love and my own, own love And my love that loved me so; Is there never a chink in the world above Where they- listen to words from below? Nay, I spoke once and I grieved thee sore 1 remember all that I said; And now thou wilt hear me no more. no ruore, Till the sea gives up her dead. Thou didot set thy foot on thh ship, anld sail To the icefields and the snow: Thou wert sad, for thy love did not avail. And the end I could not Imnow. How could I tell I should love thee to-day, Whom that day I held not dea.r? Ilow could I kinow I should love thee away, When I did not love thee anear? We shall walk no more through the sodden plain, With the faded bents o'erspread: We shall stand no more by the seething main While the dark rack drives overhead. We shall part no more in the wind and rain. Where thy last farewell was said, But perhaps I shall meet thee, and know thee agaln, When the sea gives up her dead." MIore tt:ltn once thie singer's voice liroke., but slhe went on to tile end: Ithen herI' voice died :away into a pitiful sob. anti.d, laying her head down on the keys. she gave way to 1 pa:sionate buist of welep ing. 1 aild bye shte grew clthner.t Did tha:t rnseen presenlce imake itself felt ? Or did thie peteeful beauty of tthe night woo her? She rose ad cant to the open window, stretching out empty arms In thie darkness. "Oh. Paul, Paul." she mnurnmured, "my lost love, I do want you so. Can you lhear mue where you ire in that world above where they listen to words from below?" She drew back alarmed the next moment, atud iurrltdly closed the window. It could only be her nervous f:ncy, linut she seenmed to hIear the sound of heavy breathing., And Paul? Like a thief, blut a thief who has found a wonderful treasure, hlie stole away to his boat and to its lighthouse home. Ah, how he had misjudged her. Hle had been willing to lie dead and buried, to all intents, as flr as she wa~s cooncerned, in order to set Iter free from himself. He1 had been willing to do this for Iher sake; lie had not stopped to think of thie great moral wrong he nllght have dlone her by so acting. And, now-"I do so want yout Paul," ing in his ears like t peal of joy bells. '"'im coming, Mona," he wllisporeled to himself. IIow to bireak the news gently to her was his one anxiety, and to that end he Inay awake ill niglhtl, plotting and ptlan utng. But a way was made plain to him unexpectedly; for next morning news sDpread throughout Trevallyn that Mrs Leeson was d:mgeronsly ill with braln fever. That same ltight a doctor, nccom panuled lby a tlained nurse, arrlved by the down ttain from Sydtney. After a pro longed con'ersatloan wiu h the loel doctor the case was handed over entirely to the' care of this strangerl; al le and tahe nurse were that evening in.ttallet. Aiud through that long night of fever the doc tor kept watch. und through all the days and Inights that followed there wrI al " ays one cry on the fevered lilrp-'Oh, r'aul. I d!r,o so want you; do come back tar ul-.'1 And w;hen the nurse had been sent : out of thet r'oom, on some'n pretext or other, the doctor would take the flushed face 1,etween his white. large palms, and? whis?er, "Pal b is here with you, my dar ling." Slowly after "sveral days the fever ab :ted: slowly, y-t surely, strength re turned. It way? a loi±ly sunshiny after noon, about a fortnight later, and .3lonica wu.s lying e.n a sofa in the draw ingroom: she Ithad m*rde rapid progress back to health during the last few days. Presenrly the nurst- enterted, bringing smet wine w l:?e jelly. She lokeit flu.ited and excited, 3Ionica thought, but she matte no remark. 1'i' : mn go:ng to wheel your sofa round. Mrs Leeson; it will: bu better for you to have your back to the' door," nurse said..when slh had artlngi t'd the little repaist on a tide rable. "There. now. 1 w:11 sit opposite you and wa:tcli you Oet." Meins:l smilt-d. "Yout just spoil me, nurse, with so much attention." she said. •'"We are all so glad to have you back. :itmain. Mrs Le.ceson. "You don't know how near we were to losing you." con"' tined htil nuTrse, settling the sofa cush ions as she spoke. "'Indeed, if it had not been for the doctor's care and constant presence tlurinti those first. few days, there would have been no chance for you." "Did he stay with me alt the tiine-?" " Yes; while you were delirious he never left your side. In fact, I began to wonder why lie had brought mile, for ht never allowed me to do anything that lihe could do himself. I would have gone b)ack to Sydney sS-aight away, only he told me that he would have to leave you as soon as you regained conselousnem and were out of danger. and that then. ,he would trust you to no one else but me. So I stayed." "I wonder why he was so good to me?"' Mlonical said, after a. little -while. .'And I wonder why lie left me. so suddenly " I suppose he had another patienr to go to, and. that was why he left me just whenr I beenaite cot,i-sious. I do wish 1 could have seen?ll hint, and thanked him. You say lie is conling to see me to-day, nurs.:?" "*Yes. Mrs Leeson. lie came down by tlhi:s morning's train. He will be here any" 1momnnt llow." o .And the nurse, as she spoke, g;ivet a furtive glance towards the heavy plush 1langhi'gs in the doorway. •"You will think me vetry absurd and fanciful." Monica resmiled; "but, someni how, thait dotor. even while 1 was half cot(sc.ioust.. did so' rmllind me of my hus hiand who v'wias drowned." "Ilid hel' low strange! in what "'Oii. in mall;y ways. Ilit voice-the tontehl of his ha:nd.---even his face was something like P'auIl's. :t s well as I can. rlnuenllt"er it-only he is oldter than Paul. Did you not :ay it'w 'u'r s ?a white mous tac:ihe "Ye's. but I think he is not ant olt man, for all Ithat." "Yes." co-ntinut?d Monh.-a, musingly: ..oftent. when I wi:l s'o ill, 1 could fancy it was Pauttl h placed his hand on my hot f:lc., anti I used to go to sleep feel biig quite rest.,1d. I h. I think I shouhI nlever have got bett'r. nur1s1, only that itr my worst times Pa'ul s' med to bend ove"r ilt', and whilsper. My darling, Paul is here with yvu. You muit get bettert for his saket.'. Of curse, it was only my sick fTnay. biut it set'e:edl St real to me theni. ? aln mire a:t peact'i whlt'i I think alout Paul nvw: I feel that he knows that I love him. I think I always did. you Iknow: but it was not until that night, wheln ihe went out into the storm. that 1 kne\w how Inluch." Her voicee trembled. and she ,paused. Again th. nurse's eyes wandered to the plush dra peries at the door. and, as it obeying sonle secret sign, she bent towards Montluc. :nd asked suddnuly, antd as ita withll (ftort. "3Jr's Lt'eeon. are yout quite-quite stil're that your husbant was dlrovwnled'" Monica started andt lttooked ulp luickly. "\\\'hat an albsurdl question,." slit' s:tid. almnost angrily. "What is the matter. ttis'e' Yol11 ilre tretllltling, m111d yourL f:lu'e is cl'illlsoln. "\\\Vould it surlprise you--I ale:ul, would it--could you bear to know that-that-" "\'ha:lt do yo.u meanIln" F'or Molic;i. ill her fetverish excitement, hald risen.?lnl i strol there trembling fronit lil'd to iLot. It wils in vain that the nurse tried to c:llm hli lr. "'Tell mie--you lluust--whiat whult- Oh. am I dreamning-is it? Oh, Patul. Paul'." A indi se staggered for wtiir'l. ais i tall fotrnm, with outstreotchet arns tied smiling face, t'nm'rged from th!1 r,.'sses of tihe iril'il.L'd doorway. 