ROW OVER A CIGARETTE. The new boarder in the fourth floor front oonoluded that she wonld smoke a eigarotte: Not that she oared at all for cigarettes. On the contrary, she disliked them. The smoke got in her eyes and made the tears oome, it got down her throat and strangled her, . besides whioh the odour permeated her olothing and stayed there. She was merely smoking this oigarette to see what would happen. This was what happenod : — Bridget, the ohamhermaid, ooming into the room to make the bed, promptly disoorned the pernicious odour of that littlo oigarette. Then, spying stealthily around, she found the end of the oigarette reposing upon - the oorner of the mantelpieoe. That was enongh. Bhe went about straightening tho room in an ominous silonoo. When her work was done she went into the fourth floor baok. ' There do be onrioue things a-goin' on in the next room to tbis, ma'am,' shp said to the woman who sat by the window embroidering. ' Curious things ! Faith, an' that's phwat I'm aftker,- tellin' of ye.' What in the world do yon moan, Bridget ? asked the woman, stioking her needle straight into her thumb iustead of into her embroidery. ' What is it that's going on ?' Bedad, it's the new boarder, ma'am.' Bridget went on in a hoarse whisper. ' It's she that's afther shmokin' a oigaroot in her room, and that's phwat's the matter. Faith, an' ain't it enongh, ma'am? A lady A BllUAU lUU U1 a UlKB&VUli; 1U AlCt EUUIU ; The woman pushed Bridget aside and sped out of the room. Bhe made her way to the third floor front. ' Well, what is tho matter?' asked the third floor front, who was busily engaged in washing ont her handkerohiefa and pasting them np againet the window pane to dry. ' If yon only knew 1' ' Tell me, then, qaiok. Has. there been a row in the house and I not in" it F If there has it's the first.' 1 Right you are. but it isn't a row this time. What do yon sup pose is happening in this very house this very nuDute ? The new boarder ib smoking oigars a foot long in her room upstairs— a foot long, those stogies. That is what you oall them, isn't it? Yob. Stogies.' ' What 1' soreamed the third floor front. 1 It's the gospel truth. Bridget told me.' The handkerchiefs all fell off the window- pane to the floor. Tho third floor front, leaving them there, ran to the woman and grasped her by tho arm. 'Come,' ehe ex olaimed, ' let's go and tell the third floor haok. If she finds out there is anything going on in this hoiiEe that she don't know about she will drop dead. We don't want a funeral.' Together they hastened to the third floor baok. Tho oooupant of the room was comb ing her baok hair preparatory to doing it np in a Psyobe knot. ' What do you think is happening ?' they cried in one voice. The the third floor baok took her hairpins out of her mouth aud looked around. ' I can't imagine,' said she. 'What?' 'Something awfnl,' they deolared, both talking together. ' The new boarder in the fourth front floor iB smoking a pipe. Think of a young girl like that smoking a pipe in a house like this. Isn't it a sin and a shame ? Isn't U dis graceful?' 'Are you sure?' demanded the third floor baok. ' Of oourse,' they asserted. ' Bridget told it to the fourth floor baok. It's the solemn truth. We give yon onr word of honour.' The third floor baok scattered her hairpins reoklessly over her dressing table. ' We'll go and tell it to the second floor front,' said ehe. 'I'd just like to know what she thinks of it. A shame and a disgrace I Well, I should think so. The girl ought to bo fired out of the house this very minute. That's what she should be!' She led the prooession, her hair streaming down her baok, to the seoond floor front. ' The new boarder upstairs is smoking a pipe,' they said. ' Not only that, but she's got oigarettes and oigars and oheroots all over the room everywhere, on the tables and bookaases and whatknots. The mantelpieoe is full of them. Even the walls ate feBtooned with tobaooo leaves brought from wherever she oomes from and hung up instead of pictures.!: When th. y lmd pausod for broatli 1 tho seoond . floor front got in a word odgo wave.; ' Tbnt girl always did imvoaquoer look to me,' alio said, pressing Iter lips to- I gothcr. ' I spotted her the mlnuto I laid"' oyoB on hor; tho vory rainutd sho put her foot in this house. I said then, ' Wo'il hoar from hot yot-' Thoy wore my very words. And now it has come sooner than even I ox- pooted. I know what I : am going to do.' 'What?' gasped tho othors. 'I am going to tho landlndy and havo hor put out.' That is what I dm goiug to do. Smoking pipoB in a depont house in a dcooat neighbourhood!' They hastened dowustairs. Ou their way they enoonntored tho oooupant of the back parlour, who appear'ed.to be surprieod to boo tbein all together so early in the morning. ' Would you believe it,' said tho second floor baok, ' the now boarder upstairs is sitting in her room right thiB minute smoking a pipe, with oigars and tobaooo and everything smokable under the sun around her 1 The room is so thiok with tobaooo smoke that yon oould out it with a knife. Thiuk of a young girl like that smoking. It wouldn't sur prise me one bit if ho was au opium fiend !' 'That is just it. She is ah opium fiend,' fhey reiterated in an awed whiBper. Ibe bnok parlour at last found suffloiont strength to lift up her hands iu holy horror. ' Au opium fiend in this house).' she groaned. ' Well, she will not etay iu it long ; we will have her put out. Sho goos, bag and bag gage, or we gn. Tho landlady may pay her money and take her ohoioe.' The landlady was quietly hemming nap kins when they marohod into hor. ' Now, look here,' said the seoond floor front, shak ing a trembling forefioger in hor faoe. 'We aro all going to paok our trunks and leave this plaoa it double . quiok time unless you flro that now boarder on the fonrth floor.' 'Why, what has sho done?' demanded tho landlady. 'She is np in hor room now, sitting oross-legged in the middle of the room, dressed in Tnrkish trousers, smoking a pipe.' ' My land ?' exolaimod tho land lady. ' Is that true ?' ' Certain of it. Toll her to go, or we go.'v ' Of oourse, it it is so, she must go,' sighed ihe landlady. She laid aside her work and wont npatairs, followed by the others, and ehe knoakud at tho new boarder's door. ' Oome in;' said the new boarder. The landlady went in and looked around. There was not the ghost of a nargileh, not a single opium fume, and if the girl had been dressed iu Turkish trousers she had the ability of a lightning ohange artist to oostnme herself while you wait.. She rose aud politely requested the landlady to be seated. The landlady took a chair and sat down. Sho beamed upon the now boarder. 'It is a nice morning?' . 'It is,' replied tho new boarder. ' How do you like your room ?' asked the landlady. ' "Vory muoh indeed,' said the girl. 1 That rng in fiont of the dressing table looks a little bit frayed,' said tho landlady. Adding a few unimportant remarks, she rose to go. ' Won't you stay a little longer ?' asked the new boarder. 'No, thank yon. I juBt came in to see how you were getting along. ftnnd mnntlnff.' anirl ftin fanAladv. < morning,' said the now boardor, and when the door had olosed upon her she listened a moment to tho exoited explanation going on in whispers outside, then, walking to the window, stood there smiling all to herself. She had mot been born the day before. She knew exaotly wb'at had happened. - 