CURRENT TOPICS. : The Australian horse, though the imperial buyers did not pass any high 'compliments on him, seems very acceptable in the Transvaal Just now. Cavalry, cavalry, . Is indeed the. cry of every commander, and there Is not much reason to doubt that had our breeders and dealers looked ahead a bit they might have found a far better market at the Cape than in India. It is too late to think of it now, at ;ieast In connection with the present war, but- If, as seems probable, a British Army .Corps is to be maintained there for years to come there should be a permanent and wel come market. And we should be easily able to supply It. In all' our own cities now the horse is being thrust out of employment day by day. Electric . trams will run off ; all the 'buses and1 most of the cabs. The dawn of auto-moblllsm Is also plain, and bicycles are coming Into very extensive use in all the open country of the Interior. But the prospect is of the war horse; his neck clothed in thunder, rejoicing in strength, ipawing the ground, and smelling the battle, through, all the future, as all the past. And the day of battle, or of such watch and ward as will prevent battie, is not yet over in Africa or Asia. y It is reported that while the Australasian horses have arrived In . South Africa in ser viceable condition; the British horses suffered greatly from the effects of the sea voyage. This latter fact would be obvious to anyone acquainted with' the absurd way in which the British Cavalry horse is pampered, and con sequently made soft and unable to endure hardships and fatigue. They are allowed far too much food; are groomed from morning to night, bedded down far more luxuriously than thousands of unfortunate human be ings, and yery seldom, except perhaps on some rare field day, have enough work to do. Con sequently, In many British Cavalry regiments the horses are, if there is no previous prepa ration, as unfit for -the rigours of ship life as a Bishop's carriage horses. When a' re giment changes station in England, it is no uncommon thing for half the horses to have sore backs or wrung withers. Officers com- mending too frequently erect the troop horse into a kind , of fetish — a thing to be looked at ' and admired, but not to be used except In case of dire necessity. The winds of hea ven must not visit its long face too roughly,. The mere idea of permitting their men to. exercise their horses independently at times, or. to practice military sports with them, would give many of these C.O.'s an apoplectlo seizure. Surely the British race is degenerating. A second-class; leading stoker in the, 'Royal Navy, already undergoing punishment, was, for some additional offence, " awarded 18 lashes. Of these he received 11, and then fainted. The idea' of a tar in -the "good oid days" — when captains of men-o'-war were accustomed to. flog the last man of'- the top- kail yard at reefing, or a. seaman who' ex pectorated on the" deck— fainting, at , the eleventh lash is enough to make the Ben- bows, Boxers, Rellews, and Naplers squirm with' disgust in their graves. Why, in those piping daiys, your Jack Tar, thought nothing of .taking his four dozen before breakfast— : one .dozen by a right-handed and one dozen by a left-handed boatswain's mate, so. that his back migbt be cut Into an artistic dia mond pattern. And as for the British Army,, among the records of H.M.'s 10th Hussars— the dandy corps par exoellence of the Im perial service, the regiment that "don't dar.ee"— are sentences of 1000 lashes, sen tences which were duly carried out, not all at once, of course, but by degrees, "as law yers go to Heaven," and when the medlcat authorities certified the culprit was ready for a fresh dose. It must come as a boon and a blessing to H.M.'s Navy to know that flog ging is not abolished, though many civilians thought it was. Mrs. Druce has deemed discretion the better part of valour, and has allowed her appeal respecting the ducal heritage of Portland to fail through her non-appearance in court. Tho belief of the confidence man that a fool is born every minute uppetirs to hold good in the- case of persons who are ready and willing to recognise long- lost heirs on the slightest provocation. So It was In the case worked up by Mrs. Druce, and so it will be to tho end of time, when' the grave shall give up its Inst claimant. Withal Mrs. Druce had some substratum of relationship to go upon, as a Druce did establish matrimonial relation ship with the house of Portland early In the century. Tho probability Is that Mrs. Druce was led to take action by long brooding over a family rumour, until at last It became a fixed belief with lier that the Druces were the rightful heirs to the Dukedom. A batch of unfortunate youths were brought before the beak yesterday and fined a pound each, or fourteen days, for bathing In Cook's River In sight of, etc. Unlucky boys. They were indeed the few who were taken, while the many were left. For on Sunday morning It is doubtful If all the Sunday schools of the city would have suf ficed to hold the boys who, in various nooks and coves of the harbour, were bathing in sight of, etc. About Bnlmain and the Glebe the police sullied out. Instructed and deter mined to put a stop -to it. But when they saw the boys like gulls In the water, and the scouts posted on every point of vantage, when they had made an Ineffectual charge or two, only to sight their prey on the other side of blue water, they gave the business best, and therein showed their wisdom. .Also, it is to be noted ' that' the police did but , do what superloiv' authority does day- by day, and has done frort the beginning. Thii't Is to say, shirk the Whole business of public.'.bath- lngt look at it, .and.let i.t go. It Is'weli that' 'the police let/ the. boys alone on Sunday, for to have prosecutdd ahy of. them, would but . have 'added ivrong.'to; neglect.- A bath was an absolute necessity to( them after the ex periences of Saturday', night's furnace blast, and In most cases' there Was no bath avail able but the . open harbour; water. No bath rooms In tho' s'tuffyj; houses, they inhabit, and no free public bath's,' as there should be,' safe and easily : accessible.- ' It , breeds . a sad' coh-; tempt of old Sydney andiall lts Institutions to' learn what "Is - tieing ' done' : In the way of provision for/the.'eppjie 'ln , the old-fashioned cities of the 'jiimpif'e/'and' then to be brougnt face to face with. the miserable, siiameful, cri minal neglect' whibh'isl'h'e)'p'.' ' ' Bret Harte'makibs one' ofihls. ehara9t®rB> a .convict, say of another, a, lcss haidened crl- mlnal, "For, whatever he'a done, starvation ain't the plan lie's, to be saved upon." Some recent occurrences at vDarllnghurst Gaol might make our authorities pause to ask themselves whether the so-called "separate treatment" Is altogether fraught with salva tion to the prisoner. - Assuming that all im prisonment should., be . reformatory rather than punitive, .or should, at least be reforma tory and punitive,, It is not: quite clear to the lay mind where' , the reformatory process -is likely to come lnunder separate treatment, which seelns calculated rajher to drive the average criminal, to despair; melancholia, and Suicide. The . treatment under notice em braces, 'we are told, confinement in a cell for nine months, during which an hour's exercise in the open ajr with other1 prisoners Is al lowed, but no converse is permitted. Granted a man of not too powerful mind — and the ha bitual criminal : is almost; invariably wanting in full mental capdblty— and it is easily com prehensible that after ' a. few /weeks of this discipline, a few weeks" of brooding, ot -un availing!. regrets and longings, and of awful silence andVsoiltude, : and with no mental stores to draw upon, the' wretc.lied creature becomes absolutely weak-minded, or practic ally insane, aku\, seizes: the first opportunity to either commit sortie fresh crime or take'his own life. ' "- , " Now that the -men wh'o'bake our bread are In a fair way of lidving justice shown to them, it may be asked; What' of the men who bring the bread to'our' doors? Some' of those men now work 14 hoiirs n day; their slavery beginning at- 6 a;m.,- when they harness their horses and load. tip their carts, and toll on,' In all weathers, until 1 7 p.m. and after, by which time they, have- stabled their horseB and washed thelr."carts, and are at last at lib erty to rest and prepare for.another 14 hours' struggle for a-wage ranging from £1 to £2 a week. This'ls .one of the items which jus tifies the expression, "They do those kind of things better in Melbourne." Over there the bread-carters have u.: whole day's holiday on the third Wednesday. In every month, and there is no earthly reason why the bread- carters of Sydney .'should not enjoy a similar small favour. On - the day In question no bread is baked or sold, but a double allow ance is delivered , on the previous day. This inconveniences no one, and gives a much- needed day's rest to a body. of honest, hard working, and most deserving men. Let the bread-carters be remembered. The Australasian Trained Nurses' Associa tion, as the style' will henceforth be, promises well to develop Into' a great and beneficent in stitution. The members already exceed two hundred, and, most encouraging fact perhaps yet recorded, .the'; matron .and nurses of the Melbourne Hospital have expressed a desire to join. Needless to say .that wish was acced ed to mast gladly; ' It was the very thing which was essential to give -the institution that broad and sure foundation which is de sired. And some other foundational matters were also agreed ''to at last night's meeting which ' will tend to : remove some few griev ances, imagined, probably; rather than exist- ' ing before, and to give to all persons who are qualified aljithe advantages contemplated by the Association. Membership can now be secured by proof of adequate training in any recognised hospital, private or public, in the city or the country. The only stipulation 'is that there shall not have <boen less than ten beds In the establishment, and that a super intending nurse' whose qualifications have been accepted shall have been in charge. It was also agreed at the meeting to admit male nurses to membership, and to arrange for the education and .supply of specially trained nurses for . mental and other cases. A thoroughly sympathetic .and appreciative public will wish this tjew-" development of nursing all the success; it deserves. It should tend, indeed, to lay, the very ghost of Mrs. Gamp, if tliativag'ue entity still lurks in the dark places of ouh world.'.,1" ' Stray bullets were very much- In evidence at Flemlngton yesterday, and with some cu rious results. Two /drovers, it appears, were tailing a mob of . bullocks, when a volley fired at the local rifle butts caused' them to break away. The drdvers, thinking to head them back, came into "the line -of fire (which ought surely to have been Impossible), and one of their horses waB shot dead. It was not much worse, however, than being amongst the Boers, and presently they got the cattle safely- yarded. Than the cattle were sold, and brought to the abattoirs,- an'd under the notice cf the experts,, when one was straightway condemned as having a cancerous swelling on the jaw. But tho owner, mindful of the epi sode of the butts, suggested the possibility of a bullet, and demanded a post-mortem. And then, sure enough, the cancer resolved Itself Into an ounce of lead. So much being dis covered, the carcase went to the butcher's block, Instead of the boiling-down establish ment, and the experts, of course, got on with their work. ' But does r.ot the whole 'episode show a very, very careless state of tilings In and about Flemlngton? Reckless riflemen, or peculiarly-located' butts, surely, and in the business of the Inspection of the beast dili gent rather than efficient experts. It cannot be said that the Staff of tho Bri tish Army is not strongly represented at the seat of war. The latest officer ordered to the front Is Mnjor-General T. Kelly-Kenny, who has held the . post of InBpeetor-Genernl of Auxiliary Forces and Recruiting on the Staff of the Commander-in-Chief. This officer takes over the command of the Sixth Division in place of Lleutdnant-Genernl Sir Mansfield Clarke, who was-yesterday mentioned for the position, although the latter lias a better re cord of active service. Major-General Kelly- Kenny served with distinction In the North China campaign of 1860, and in the Abys- Blnlan expedition of 1807-08, In command of a division of the transport train, for which ho received mention In despatches for zeal, energy, and ability. Since then General Kelly-Kenny appears to have boon comfort ably ensconced in a staff berth. It Ib peculiar that such an Important command should de volve upon uu officer who has not been In the field for over thirty years, and then only as a transport officer, Constable Charles Mallard lias been ac quitted of blame la connection with the recent escape of prlsonors, 