(Drigmal papers. V ON SOME POPULAR MISTAKES AS TO THE DOCTRINE OF THE HOLY TRINITY. It requires little acquaintance with Church history to be aware that almost all the heresies that have affected the peace and orthodoxy of the Church have arisen from a want of lucidity as to the Nature and Persons of the ever- blessed Trinity. ' Neither confounding the persons, nor dividing the substance,' is the profound caut on which the Catholic faith places in the fore-front of her most elaborate confession. It is a caution the neglect of which is answerable for most of the deplorable schisms that have rent the body of Christ. But although even a perfunctory knowledge of the literature and controversies of the first four general councils ought at least to place us above mistakes as to the Church's teaching on the Holy Trinity, I fear that such mistakes are very rife. Perhaps the recondite nature of the questions appals us. Perhaps their necessarily abstruse speculations fail to attract those who are not given to meta physics. Perhaps, and I think more likely, the arduous and engross ing calls of parochial work make it almost impossible for us to study those points which do not range themselves under what we loosely call practical religion. But if character be largely dependent on creed, if a right faith be most of all conducive to a right life, it may not be without some good result if I venture to point out some salient errors — all too wide- spread — that obtain touching the question entrusted to my hands to-night. It is a commonplace that all heresies are truths pushed to extremes —truths held without balance and proportion to other truths. In their origin they are mostly the vehement recoil from true doctrines that have been held or taught without the due co-ordination of other doctrines. Such I believe to have been the origin of the great Arian heresy. It was, as you know, the heresy which had nearly destroyed the Church of the fourth century. Athanasius worsted it, but he did not utterly slay it. Ever and anon there has been seen its recrudescence. Socinus in the sixteenth century on the Continent, Clarke and Priestley in the eighteenth century in England, were its most zealous apostles. For the first half of last century our Church was honeycombed with it. There is a very curious illustration of its commonness in the life of the celebrated Sir W. Blackstone. Sir William had the most unusual habit, early in the reign of George III., to go from church to church and listen to every clergyman of note in London. He tells us ' that he did not hear a single discourse which had more Christianity in it than the writings of Cicero, and that it would have been impossible for him to discover from what he heard whether the preacher were a follower of Confucius, of Mohammed, or of Christ.' How came the divinity of Christ to have slipped out of practical recognition, alike in the fourth and eighteenth centuries? Was it not largely due to the fact that in the laudable desire of -the orthodox theologians of the times immediately anterior to those ages, to emphasise and accentuate the divine nature of our Blessed Lord that they had forgotten, or at least allowed to recede into the background, the complementary truth of His perfect humanity? There is a great deal of Arianism — some latent and some unblushingly apparent — in our own days, not so much in the Church of England (though I seem to remember names like Colenso, Voysey, Stopford Brooke, and Momerie, who could hardly be said to be free from it), but in the Presbyterian and Independent bodies, where it is constantly coming into more or less prominence. And here I would hazard a caution, If our sermons are too purely speculative, if we draw too exclusively from the Epistles for our teaching, if we keep out of sight too much the humanness of our Lord as it is displayed in the portraiture of the Evangelists, we must expect that our people will cry out for some exposition of the other and the equally necessary side of Christ's nature. Arianism, in all its Protean forms, is the endeavour to bring down the mystery of the Godhead to the plane of human understand ing, and it is the endeavour also to protect Monotheism from another form of error, which I shall hope to touch on later. Now we can sympathise with the desire to apprehend God, though we dare not subscribe to the minimising or the frittering away of that Incompre hensibility He is. In the Arian view of the Deity, Jesus Christ was no more than the Teacher sent from God. And though Arianism started with the conception that our Lord had an existence in the will of the Father far before the creation of the world, still He remained created, and not creator. That view has long disappeared. The modern Arian (Unitarian) teaching is that Christ is the First and Flower of men who rises into divinity, as it were, by a profoundly holy and perfect life. So far from divinity descending on humanity in the Person of Jesus, it is Jesus who by His perfect obedience, His perfect purity, His perfect assimilation to the ideal, exalts Himself, and so, potentially, the whole race to the level of the Godhead. But the Ithuriel point which shivers the whole Arian heresy is the Christian doctrine of sin. The trbvnma ramkos finds no place in the scheme of Arius. And consequently the redemptive work of Christ is either ignored or confused with the notion of a general perfectibility. It is very hard to see how it was that Arius, or his followers, did not expunge the Epistle to the Romans from their canon of the New Testament. But it remains, and will remain, the standing confuta tion of all Arian error. To the devout mind pondering on such passages as the proem to St. John's Gospel, the conclusion of Arius seems not merely mistaken but even blasphemous. To drag down our Blessed Lord's divinity to the level of a merely perfect man, is to ignore St. Paul's declaration that He was ' GOD, manifest in the flesh.' The object of our prayer, the instrument of our redemption, calls out our most passionate love and homage. Christian liturgiology and Christian hymnody are full of prayers and hymns addressed to Jesus as a Divide Being. And it was only natural that in the reaction from Arianism our Lord's actual divinity was made most prominent. Indeed, it became so mudh the subject of pious thought that His humanity almost dropped out of sight, and the Fatherhood of God was comparatively obscured by the exclusive reverence for the majesty of the Son. An interesting illustration of this is to be found in the history of Christian art. Although from very early times men loved to project on canvas, or to carve in marble, their conceptions of the Second Person of the Holy Trinity, it is only in the twelfth century that we find the nascent efforts of the Christian artist to represent God the Father. He had practically disappeared from the common devo tions of the faithful. But slowly at first, and after the fourteenth or fifteenth century more frequently, we find, to quole Lecky, 'the Father represented in every painting as older, more venerable, and njore prominent, until at last He became the central and commanding figure, exciting the highest degree of reverence.' In fact, in many quarters the revulsion from Arianism had swung round into Apollinarianism. The human vovs in our Blessed Lord was denied ; its place was taken by the* Divine Logos. And this in effect was to elevate the divinity, by an apparent excess of piety, at the expense of the humanity. It was to forget that He was 'perfect God and perfect Man : of a reasonable soul and human flesh subsisting.' It would hardly be too much to say that there was a great deal of Apollinarianism taught in our own early days. I have ever been a lover of sermons. My dissipation as a youth and in my early man hood (I do not commend the practice) was to go and hear the great popular preachers of the Church and of orthodox dissenters. Christ was the usual theme— His true Godhead; His Mediatorial Mission; His Atonement ; His Eesurrection. I remember well what an entirely new? view of His person and His work was opened out to me by Ecce Homo. I am not concerned either in attacking or defending that work; but I do: say that it was a perfect revelation of the Lord's humanity to the average Church-goer of the time. It placed not His -'w^Qte nature, but- an. often much ignored part of it, in striking and appealing, colours, and drew forth a fresh' flow of love to Him as men radogmsed-tnafciHe^was--'''-bone of their bone, and flesh of their flesh.' I am afraid now that we are in some danger of ignoring the complementary truth of His perfect divinity. For that again had been so insisted upon as to prow into a positive heresy. Christ's human nature was said to have been swallowed up of the Divine. A favourite expression was that our Lord had flowed through the B.V.M. as through a canal without partaking of her nature at all. God had appeared in the form of Jesus Christ. He was one and the same person with Him. It is easily seen how this doctrine runs into Patripassianism. The Catholic doctrine expressing its repudiation was put forth at Chalcedon, and it is a clear statement of the Conimunicatio Idiomatum. Herein our Blessed Lord was declared to be 'consubstantial with the Father according to the Godhead, and consubstantial with us according to the manhood . . . begotten before all ages of the Father according to the Godhead, and in these latter days for us, and for our salvation, born of Mary, the Virgin Mother of God, according to the manhood ; one and the same Christ, Son, Lord, only-begotten, to be acknowledged in two natures, inconfusedly, unchangeably, indivisibly, inseparably, the distinction of natures being by no means taken away by the union, but rather the property of each nature being preserved, and concurring in one person and one subsistence, not parted or divided into two Persons, but one and the same Son, and only -begotten, God the Word, the Lord Jesus Christ.' Now T am by no means clear that there is not a savour of Eutychianism. amongst many of us to-day. In our anxiety to honour the Son, we sometimes ascribe wholly to Him those attributes that properly belong to God the Father. Some of our popular hymns seem to me to reflect it. I say this with the greatest respect and love for the compilers of hymns A. and M.; but there is oae hymn, at all events, which, taken by itself, might have served as a model for the monks of Eutyches' monastery. It is the (170) hymn ascribing to our Blessed Lord creatorship of the earth and universe, ? and of the angelic hierarchy inheaven. He is identified as the triie'God in heaven dying upon the Cross at Calvary. He is made the author and sustained of Providence. I do not mean to say that there are not innumerable corrections to any such suspicion of imperfect teaching all through hymns A. and M. I merely cite this one as a sample, in my humble judgment, of that overstatement which, without due complementary teaching, may grow into errors subversive of the faith. We have to remember that we preach to and provide hymns for a people generally destitute either of theology or philosophy. It | is indeed absolutely impossible for every sermon or every hymn to I be perfect in itself. But just as you see in a building which carries out only a part of the original design of the architect, projections of brick or bands of iron that are left to be welded into the completed structure, so, in dogmatic statements, one outht to make it quite clear that they are to depend on or to be correlated with others that are just as necessary. I know that my suggestion is sometimes ! 'honoured more in the breach than the observance'.' by myself, but I speak to those who aim after perfection, and who more conspicuously win it than does the writer of this paper. Another danger into which the unwary may stumble in their teaching on the Holy Trinity is the danger of Tritheism. It lies in the consideration of the Persons of the Triune God as separate entities or existences. This is to repeat the cardinal error in the Hindu theology of a triple-headed Deity. The greatest care is necessary to avoid it. We speak in our classes, and in our pulpits, of the Persons in the Godhead. Naturally our hearers (not philosophers nor theologians) think of beings. They image to themselves the Father as sitting apart in lone and inaccessible state from all eternity, till in a burst of creative love He generates the Son. After countless ages of commingled session the Son comes down to earth, moved by His abounding compassion for the sons of men, and performs the miracle of salvation. Meantime, to assure Jesus of His Father's sympathy, a third being is evolved from the will of Deity, which, in the form of a dove, circles about our Lord throughout His human mission. Once more Jesus ascends to heaven, and after the fashion of some earthly heir-apparent, sits in loving nearness at the post of honour by His Father's throne ; whilst the Holy Spirit, still in the guise of a sacred bird, flits ceaselessly to and from heaven with messages of consolation and peace and help to the Church. And when our hearer prays, he addresses his orisons to just that Being of the Three who best answers to the spiritual mood .possessing him, in whose special department the granting of his prayer may seem to be. Now what is this but sheer Polytheism ? What is it but the 'gods many and the lords many' of the heathen world? But how are we to meet it ? The only way that I can see is by rigid insistence on the Athanasian dogma — 'They are not three Almighties, but one Almighty. . . They are not three Gods, but one God. ... They are not three Lords, but one Lord.' And suppose some of our more thoughtful hearers say, 'Well, your Athanasian symbol seems to me a sad jumble; I cannot understand it' — boldly take your stand on the mystery of the Divine Nature ; acknowledge that it is a ' deep where all our thoughts are drowned;' admit that it is not to be plumbed by the sounding line of our puny intellect ; say frankly that you take your stand in the revelation of the Divine Word. But you may go further with him. You may reason with him in this wise : You may urge the mystery itself is no more difficult than bur conception of Deity itself. What is that primary conception? The phenomenon of the universe demands an explanation. Pure thought demands that we postulate a cause. But a cause that is uncaused is inconceivable. Yet whilst we cannot conceive it, we are rigorously obliged to postulate it if we would attempt any solution either of the enigma of the universe or of the existence of God. And thus may we not expect to find the same difficulty in our theological definition of the tripartite nature of the Deity, as the initial difficulty which meets us when, apart from the sacred Scriptures, we speculate on the idea of Deity in the abstract ? But the most popular error as to the Blessed Trinity is that which is known as the Sabellian. ' Itis the most subtle and fascinating, and the most alert to posture itself under the guise of orthodoxy. It is that which starts with the laudable desire of preserving the unity of the Godhead. ' The Lord our God is one Lord,' is its favourite Scripture. It sets out to annihilate Tritheism ; it succeeds, but its ' ambition o'er vaulting' makes it fall into the opposite blunder-— the blunder of the denial of the Three Persons. But how, then, shall it explain the work of Jesus Christ and of the Holy Ghost ? It is rigidly orthodox in its reception of the canon ; it will not pretend to gainsay the fact that the sacred writers do ascribe Divine powers to them, and do yield them the homage due only to Divine Beings. It gets over the difficulty of the triple names of Deity by declaring them to be modes or manifes tations of the one Uncreate God. God thus becomes His own Son. The theory leads directly up into Patripassianism. The Father dies upon the Cross. The Holy Spirit is only the mind or energy of God in operation on the Church in the aggregate, or on individual Christians. In other words, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are merely three aspects of the Divine Totality — of His creative powers, of His appearance in time, and of His energising activity in the Church. I have called this a ' fascinating' heresy, and so I believe it to be. For it seems, prima facie, to reconcile an abstruse and difficult doctrine with the dictates of reason. And anything which purports to get rid of difficulties is at once hailed as an original discovery, and a relief to the mind. There have been many Sabelliuses. The tale will never be exhausted. The latest dissipator of theological arcana, giving himself out '.' some great one,' and ' able to understand all mysteries,' claims to have exploited the whole mystery of the Trinity. But he has drawn his arguments from Sabellius, though he has not acknowledged the author. I- believe that many an earnest, good Churchman, but uninstructed in theology, is unconsciously teaching the same heresy. It looks so simple— God manifested m creation, God manifested in history, God manifested in the continuous influence of the mind of Christ - that once apprehended, it is not easy not to adopt it as a working solution of a most complex and intricate dogma. And it is as true as it is specious — up to a certain point. It is true to say that we can image Jesus Christ to ourself as an aspect of God's life in the world as a perfect example — Christ's sacrifice as an aspect of that sacrifice of Himself inherent in the very idea of a Divine Father. It 'is true to say that the Holy Spirit is an aspect of God — of a Father who has never left the world, but who delights to manifest Himself in tireless energy for the good of His children ; who renews Himself in us by bringing to our minds the holy memories of His Son's life and work; who by every act of a beneficent Providence is wooing us into a deeper sympathy with, and a profounder resignation to, His blessed will. But it is not the whole truth, and we may not take the part for the whole. We must accept the Unity. But we are not to disown the ' Persons Three' who compose it. We can — if I may use a human figure of speech to illustrate a Divine mystery — we can decompose the beam of infinite light into its primary hues, and for convenience' sake, think of them, and even worship them apart ; but remove one of the primaries, and the beam is no more a beam of light. So, though you shall dwell on the thought of God for the satisfaction of your intellect requiring a causa causans, still it is not until you recognise Him through the atonement of His Son that you can know Him as your Father ; nor can you have interest in that atonement, or receive its eternal fruits, unless they are applied to your heart by the gracious and informing Spirit. ' The Catholic faith is this : That we worship one God in Trinity; and Trinity in Unity.' ' Esfc totus in Nato Pater In Patre totus Filius, Natoque plenus ac Patre Inest utrique Spiritus. ? . ' Quod Natus est, hoc Spiritus ; Hoc est uterque quod Pater : Tres una summa veritas, Tres una summa caritas. ' 