WOSTtY UP NORTH. It's a case of eggs Of young 'uns to-day. As I writ* there is a steady continuous march of nation-making agents on the way to the Albert Hall to give a hand in the making of a nation— it might be damnation for all we know, bat the federal boom is on, and its power and in fluence is resistless. We ran the game for all it was worth, and if we don't score high to-day we had better pat up the shutters. Every scheme and device to iiitoxioate the people with federal boOze has been employed— brasB band and tinkling cymbal, flags for free drinks, poet and preacher, statesman, common people, nice people, Indies and wo men, and tbe female sex have all been called into requisition to bear a hand in tearing down the inter colonial barriers and making us into one ' glorious, harmonious, and indissoluble union.' To-day the dailies are positively nauseating with poetry. The Examiher leader is headed with a verse by editor Pritchard, and finishes np with Al fred Austin, another poet. A Charles-st. shop has a wonderful bar gain in ' Federal umbrellas ; origi nal price Ib 9d, now 1b 3d.' If the benefits of federation are to be based on ginghams, the original prioe of which was Is 9d, we had better band back King Billy's ghost his island. There was a mighty meeting at tbe Albert Hall last nigbt wlien the federal tap was turned on, and every one drank heartily. Some very neautifnl tab leaux pictorially describing the colonies disunited and united caught hold of tbe audience and broke them up. Half-a-dozen of Laun ceston's very prettiest girls draped in white reposed gracefully in a glade of ferns and euoalypti, while at the back were shown tbe pro ducts of this great nation, an old man kangaroo stuffed with baled hay being tbe most striking fea ture. I think Til go and vote, and then, I'm told, I'll be a man. ? * ? Federation in a nutshell. The genial Dean of the Roman Catholic Church of Lin noes ton, a federa tionist from his finger tips to his corns, said last Sunday: 'And now, my dear friends, let me re mind you that on Thursday next you'll be asked to vote for Federa tion, yes or no. MoBt of you may not know what federation means to this fair land. Let me tell you. Ton will be given a paper with 'yes and no' on it. Sthrike out ' no,' and tbat is federation. * * * This is a bagman's story, and for a wonder it has struck the truth pretty well plumb centre, for though the road agents by nature of their vocation meet with strange experiences, when they retail their vicissitudes they drees them in ranch embroidery. A representa tive of a big Launoeston house struck a small town out North West the other day and put up at the Hotel Oecil, the only snap dragon factory in the place, wbioh, when the cows don't come home, can accommodate several people. After the customary salutation at a wayside inn, wbich just now is 'you needn't bother about the water; here's luck! Are you going to vote for Federation ?' the bag* man drove the fowls out and went to bis room. He prepned for a good refreshing wash and (a most unusual thing for a bagman to do) he ornamented his face with a rich profusion of soap before he saw if there was a wipe handy. After groping about the room and per forming some surprising contor tion acts, like a drunken man chas ing a piece of wet soap, he yelled out for 'a crimson towel.' His face looked like a football with four inches of frosted sugar on it when the bar-tender, wbo had been po lishing np the pewters, came to his rnscue, and said : 'Here Mister, take rbiB'un ; it's purty clean ; it's the only bar towel we've got.' The soap-eudded bagman made a frantic grab at where be thought the bar wipe was, when fortunately the good lady of the house (who had been preparing the pig-feed) came up and indignantly stopped the bar towel from being desecrated. 'Here Mr. ? , you're a married man, and I know you won't mind using my apron.' And he did — he had to or bust. He then adjusted his hair with the jagged end of a sardine tin and went down to tea. New and truly sincere form ot invita tion :— ' Mr. and Mrs. Brown Jones re quest the favor of your prueute at the wedding of their daughter,' 