the ghosts. — AVlio fears to speak of Ninety Eight? AVlio dreads, as rogues tho stocks, To sco his speeches ot that dato Put in tho AVltncsa Box? AVlio, now, that but a year ago iia il UJtl.il IU iul.II, AVould like to speak whero nono could know Tho words ho uttered then? Who, If ho bad tbo Russian power ; O'er all be wields o'er some, Would livo but in tbe present hour. And strike tbe past hours dumb; Who, just as Coghlan has been served, AVould servo the pen and press, AA'hich still go straight, whilo lie lias swerved And turned .from. No to Yes? Tho Civil Servant hangs his head — Him It is vain to ask; ' Tho Keeper of his dally bread, Tho Mastor of ills task, Bills him ho voiceless or depart To join tho ranks of tlioso Who livo or starve. But in his heart Tho Civil Servant knows! Tlic Statistician who, before Ilis Boss bad gono behind A locked and guarded Melbourne door„ Spoke something of his mind, Dares not to-ilay take up a pen, Becauso ho knows Ills fato If lie should write the truths again lie wrote In Ninety Eight. But twenty thousand voices choked By fear speak louder lar Than tongues to voters not yet yoked By their elected Czar; And linotypo subpoenas yet Can make ev'u the Stalled Ox Of Ofilco, kiss tho Book and gel Into tho AVitness Box! "Reid against Held and New South Wales!" They call, and last year's Reid In last year's voieo tells last year's tales About tho Contract Deed — In words that every man may hear Through each electorate, . ; Runs on as thougli ho did not fear To speak ot Ninety Eight. Tho earnestness that moved us all, Tho warnings to bowaro Lest we through trustfulness should fall Into an iron snare; Tho arguments which then revealed Deep pitfalls near our feet, By lawyer-phrases half-concealed, Are given out complete. "If I.'i declares last season's Reid, So old and yot so new,' "AVoro from Victoria I- would plead, And preach, and pray to you To tako this bill — to tax and tax Your every bite and sup, And every' rag upon your backs, , , That you might ante up "On my account, and lot mo stand On velvet! But I'm not: I'm for. tho place that feeds me, and Against the Braddon Blot; Union is good,. but on this plan You'd find it rather dear— — - Tho prico must bo made lower than Three million pounds a year! "That's not tho worst— a, clause I hato, And urge tlbah you will - wipe" (Continues Held of Ninety eight, Speaking per linotype), "Out of tho Bill, will mako the power That now you wield a dream — Agree to It, and from that hour Tho Senate reigns supreme! "Ward off this blow they aim to strike! Presorvo tho rule o men! Don't lot yourselves be driven, like Scared sheep Into a pen!" Thus does the dreadful Voice proceed, The voice ot yesterday. Thus thoroughly does lost year's Reid , Qlvo this year's ono away. . Our Bookkeeper could do It, but Is under lock and key; , The Civil Servants' mpuths are shut Close, "by authority," ; Tbo. Ministers have corns to.hoel. And, Roldltcs-up-to-datcj as uuiui-ioviug uuiiies icoi , , 'Tis tlmo to Federate. East, west, and south tliey speed, and north, To bless what they did ban— ' And Brunkor must at last go forth A Now-or-never man: Ho who against the Bill aloud, Did clamor and bosecch, , Must bundle out and give tho crowd An AnyrPrlcer speech. "Opinion In tlio Country Press Shows unanimity ' In favorlug a voto of 'Yes' " — : It should do, coming freo By nearly every post from town, Typo-written, ready- made— ; And New South AVales might bo dono brown, And diddled and betrayed, By Pocket Politicians who Forswear the truths they taught, .-, And now would havo her people do What no free people ought But for the linotypes that mar The plot, and olevato' Beside the Patriots who are The Men "of Ninety Eight. No spectro such as Glarnls saw Could turn fleshed man more palo Than that which wags an equal jaw. To tell a . different tale — ' That takes the new Reld's side unhid, And will not bo put down— > Tho ghost of him tho Premiers did To death in Melbourne town! And, stealing by their living side (Ah! fearful Bight to seo!) The talking gbostB of thoso who died . Just out of sympathy — A' last year Parties at liis right hand Spoils Varnoy's monologue — Alack! with I-Ioguo, thoro takes tho stand A moro transparent Hogue! They find no peaco who for tliolr sins Have each a Double won, Another tongue, when theirs begins. Starts fluently to run — AVlth Ashton through the land thero walks A democratic spook ; A decent-looking phantom talks VU|U ICUQUU wvv" Soon from your labors you may rost, Brave Shades that still pursuo Tho work with such effoctlvo zost That those you haunt should do! A f ow days moro of labor hero AVU1 give to tlielr just fato Tho men yon speak for slnco they fear To speak of Ninety Eight! 