CHAPTER X.-THE C'OMJXC OF THE NIOTIT. Directly after breakfast I went away alone. 1 wanted to get rid of an awfiii weight which oppressed me. I walked rapidly, for the morning was cold. I had scarcely reached the park gates, however, when a hand lunched me. I turned and saw KafTar. "J. hope your solitary walk is pleasant," he said, revealing his white teeth. "Thank you," I replied eohlly. I thought he was going to leave ine, but he kept close by my side, as if he wanted to say something. 1 did not encourage him "to speak, however; 1 walked rapidly on in silence. "Temple Hall is a curious place," he said. "Very," ] replied. "So different from Egypt—all, so diffe rent. There the skies are bright, the trees are always green. There the golden sand hills stretch away, the palm- trees -wave, the Nile sweeps majestic. There the cold winds scarcely ever blow, and the people's hearts are warm." "J suppose so." "There are mysteries there, as in Temple Hall, Mr. Wake; but mysteries are sonic times of human origin."' As he said ■this, he leered up into my face, as if to read my thoughts; but J governed my features pretty well, and thus, 1 think, deceived liim. "'Perhaps you know this?" he said. "No," I reiriicd. "I am connected villi no mysteries. "Not with the appearance of the ghost lasL night?" I looked at him in astonishment. The insinuation was so far from true that for the moment I was too surprised to speak. He gave a fierce, savage laugh, and clapped his hands close against my face. "J knew 1 was right," he said; and then, be fore. ] had time to reply he turned on his heel and walked away. Things were indeed taking curious turns, and I wondered what would happen next. What _ motive, I asked, _ could Kaffar have' in connecting me with the ghost, and what was the- plot which was be ing concocted? There in the broad day ' liglit the apparition "seemed very unreal. . The servants, alone in the hall at midnight, perhaps talking nlmut the traditional ghost, could easily have frightened themselves in- j to the belief that they had seen it. Or per- I haps one of their fellow-servants bought to play them a trick,"and ran-away when they saw what they had done. 1 would sift a. little deeper." 1 immediately retraced ■ my sleps.to the. house, where meeting Tom, £ asked hiin to le't m.e have Simon Slowden and a couple of dogs, as I wanted to shoot a few rabbits,?-This was easily arranged, and soon after-Simon and I were together. Away on the open moors there were no fear of eavesdroppers; no one could hear what we said. "Simon," J said,-after a time, "hare you thought any-more of the wonderful ghost that yoii saw -last, night?'' Instantly' his face turned pale, and lie shuddered-as if-in fear. At any rate, the ghost was real to him. "Yer honour','.', he'saiil, "I don't feel as if I can talk about."her. -I've played in 'Ami let, yer honour, along with Oct a vi us 1 ium pus's travellin': theatre," and I can nail a made-up livin' ghost in a minnit: but this ghost ididii't look made up. There was no blood,-yer honour; she looked as if she 'ad bin waecinated fwf^cjjmes.'' ■ "And :were the niove3jtents?of heu legs' sind.aniis natural?" . ■ " ' j * "No j'lntsj; Master-Blake* SKe looked like a wooden figger without proper -j'intel-'; Perhaps* she *ad a "few wire pins int .hef. 'natomy; but no fints proper." ; "Ho you believe in tliis ghost?" "Cawt help it, yer honour." "Simon, I don't. There's some deep-laid scheme on foot somewhere; and I think I . can guess who's working it." , ' Simon started. "You don't think that" 'ere waccinatin', sumnamklifyin' willvm 'ey got the thing in 'and?" ^ . I didn't speak, but looked keenly at Miff» Air first he did nothing' but stare; vai " cantly, but presently a look of intelligence: flashed into his eyes. Then he gave a shrug, as if he was disgusted with himself, whieji was followed by an expression of grim de« termination.- - "Master;Blake,"'be, said solemnly,, "it's that waccinatin' process as hev done it's Simon Slowden cotildn't hev bin sich a niif4 compoop if be hadn't bin waccinated 'gainst wlioopin' cough, measles, and smalU pox. Yer honour," lie continued, "after I wur waccinated 1 broke out in a rash all over, and that 'ere rash must have robbed me of my senses; but I'm bio wed— There, I can't say fairer nor that." "Why, what do you think?" "I daren't tell you, yer honour, for fear I'll make another mistake. I thowt, siif, as it would take a hangel with black wings to nick me like this 'ere, and now I've bin done by somebody; but it's the waccinatin', yer honour—it's the vaccination. In the Proverbs' of Job vc read, 'fool and bis money soon parted,' and so we can see 'ow. true the teachin' is to-day."- , "But what is to be done, Simon?" 1 .Simon shook, his bead, and then said solemnly, "I'm away from ray bearin's, sur« I thought when I wur done the last timd it should be the last time. It wur in this way, sur, 1' was in the doctor's service as waccinated me. Says he, when he'd done; 'Simon, you'll never have smallpox now.; 'Think not?' says I. 'Never,' says lie; and when Susan the 'ousemaid heard on it, she says, 'J am so glad Simon.' Then, snysl; 'Susan, when people are married they're converted into one tlcsli. That's Scripter. You get married to me,' says 1, 'and you'll be kept free from smallpox, without goin' threw this yer willifyin' process.' Wi' that she looks at me, and she says, 'You are pui-ty, and I'll try you for three months; if you don't get smallpox in that time, why, then—we'll talk about it.' So 1 says. 'Say yes"atoive, Susan. The doctor says 1 can't get it, so there's no sort o' fear.' 1 wur young and simple then, and thowt doctors never made a mistake. Well, sur, in two months more I were down wi' smallpox, and when J got up again 1 win- a sight to behold. As soon as ] win- lit to be seen I went to Susan to git a mite o\comfort, and ' then I see '"or a-eoiirtin' wi' the coachman. And 1 says to myself, 'Simon Slowden,' I says, 'this yer is the last time you must ever be taken in;' and now I'm right mad that I should a' bin licked in this ver way." - J Could not help laughing at Simon's story, in spite of my heavy heart, and so I asked him what the doctor said pjien he found vaccination a failure. "'Sent me off without a character, suv," he replied grimly. "Said he couldn't keep a servant as would be a livin' advertise ment as 'ow liis pet 'obby wcr a failure. And so I allays sat's as 'ow waccination is my ruin. It's ruined my blood and weaken ed my brain. Still," continued Simon, with a sly look, "I reckon as 'ow 7'Jl be a ma tea for that 'ere doubly waecinated ghost us frightened lue so." 1 could get nothing more from him. He had formed some notion about the appari tion which he would not divulge, so we de voted our attention to sport, and, after frightening a good miniy rabbits, we re turned to the hall. -) Nothing of importance happened through' (lie day, except an enquiry which Tout made among the servants, iv.uh declared that they were entirely ignorant as to the appearance of the ghost, and all were evi dently too frightened to doubt-the truth of their statement. Thus when evening came notjiing was known of it. Kaffar did not speak to me from tile time I had seen lii/n- in the morning to dinner time, and evidently avoided me. Voltaire, on the contrary, was unusually hkind and smiling. He was pleasant and agreeable to every one, especially so to me. After dinner we all found our way to the drawing-room, when the usual singing, flirt ing, and dancing programme was carried out. Suddenly, however, there was eompa rative silence. One voice only was heard, and that was the Egyptian's. "Yes," lie was saying, "I am what is railed a superstitious man. 1 believe in dreams, visions, and returned spirits of the dead. Eut, ah! I do not believe in made up gliosis. i Oil, you coldblooded English people, don't mistake the impulsive Egyp: tian: don't accuse him of lack of faith in the unseen. So lniiivi do 1 believe in it, that sometimes 1 long to be with those who have gone. Hut, ball! -the ghost last night was to deceive, to frighten. Oof up by some villain for a purpose, and I can guess who he is." "This is serious." said Tom Temple. "I have enquired of the servants, wlio all as sure «u* of their ignorance of the mat (or," and I cannot think lliat any of my guests would assume the person of the traditional ghost for no other purpose than to frighten the housekeeper and two or three servants. I'm by no menus superstitions, hut I do not see how I eau trace it to human origin." "I cannot see why any "nest should as sume the person or the traditional ghost, hut some men have deep designing minds. They arc like clever draught- players; they see half-a-dozen moves ahead, and so do that which to a novice appears meaningless and absurd.'' Then 1 heard another voice, one that caused my heart to heat wildtv. It was Oertrude Forrest's. "Mr. Kafl'ar says he, can guess who the person is who has perso nated this ghost," shd said; "I think it fair t'o every guest that'die, should speak out." "T would not like to sav," he said insult-, ingl.v; ''perchance T-'shvuikl wound your ten der feel ings' too ;deeply to forgot I was in England, where men are the slaves of the ladies. 'With us it is different. We speak, and they obey, I, forgot 1 was 'not.in Egypt. I have doiie very wrong. I implore the lady's pardon.",, '.*> "I sec ho meaning in your words," said Miss Forrest, quietly, "therefore I sec nolliing'to forgive." _ "" "Ah, I live again. A heavy; load is gone from my heart. I have *iiot •merited the ladv s displeasure." , -V' "Still, I think if "right, if you have grounds for suspecting-any one. that we sWould know," said a , voice,-/'otherwise some onfe mav lib wrongly accused.'', "Do not ask ine," 'said ICaffar; "Ask Mr. Blake." ' ■ - Instantly all .eyes were -turned on me, and, do as Ijuight, I. could not help an un comfortable flush rising in my face. "I do not know-what Mr.'Katfnr means,"-I-re plied; "T anr as ignorant-as. to the qrjgilf of-the ghost as he. perhaiis more so." ■' ' .* 861 InsttatJy Kaffar leapt from iisxhaJr ape! came up to itfej' ;1ub rhands. clenched, •. Kb black eyes gleaming, his teeth, set together as ifia aterriblerage.- . "You are ulia-r aud avillain!"Tie scream ed. -"Ah, remember this morning, I ac cused him, gentlemen, of being connected with tills ghost only to-day. ana he flushed guiltily and was silent. He looked like a Judas who betrayed his master." "Quietly, pleasej" I replied, "You did come to me this morning with some foolish jargon about my being connected with last night's affair; but I was 60 surprised by the absurdity and foolishness of such a thing that I could not answer you before you ran away." * "You hear?" shrieked the Egyptian. "So surprised, was he? If he was, it was because 1 had found him out." . "This man is mad." I said. "(Surely he_ ought to be. shut up." "Mad, am I?" he shrieked. _ "Yes; and you are a liar, a coward, a villain! You are engaged in a fiendish plot; you are deceiv ing an innocent lady. Ah, I spurn you, spit upon you." „ , "Mr. Kaffar," said-Toin^ Temple, "really this caunot be allowed. You must remem ber you are among ladies and gentlemen. Please act accordingly." "ladies there are, gentlemen there are, shrieked the Egyptian; "but he"—pointing to me—"is no gentleman. He is.at once a viper, a villain, and a coward. _ I leave this house; J renounce pleasant society; I leave this country—for ever; but before I go I would like to- ligbt- baud to hand with that giant, who Ha!" He stood close to ine awl spat at me. "There!" he cried, and then he struck me in the face with all his eiveiigth. instantly I leapt to my feet. This insult was too great. . 1 could scarcely restrain from striking him to the ground. 1 mas tered myself, however, and so did not touch him. - _ - "1 leave this house," he said wildly. "Herod, send oil my baggage to Cairo. But"—turning to me—"youT challenge— you, with your big body and trained awns! Bui, bah! you dar'n't tight. You are a mooning coward." He washed out of the room as-he spoke, and a minute later I heard the hall door slummed with vehemence. At that moment 1 became possessed of a terrible passion. 1 seemed to be mud. I longed to avenge the insults that had been offered. 1 looked around the room, and all seemed astounded at the beliaviour-=e£'flie Egyptian, save Voltaire, who was apologiz ing in profuse terms for bis friend. As I looked at his terrible eyes, my passion be c.unc greater, and I felt I could not govern myself if I stayed in tlie room. I think some one came up to me, and congratulated me on my coolness in dealing with the man who had insulted me so;- but 1 did not listen—I could not. An overmastering im pulse laid hold of ine to follow the Egyp tian, and J dimly remember going into the hall and out into the silent night. I knew the probability was that I should he followed, hut 1 did not know where to go, when I seemed to hair voices all around me uttering the words "DrenrWater Pond!" With that I stalled running with all my migiit, knowing not where, yet dimly re menvbering that 1 had gone the road be fore. Then all memory and consciousness vtased. 