(ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) THE GARDEN COURT MURDER By BURFORD DELANNOY. CHAPTER XVII. THE ARREST. Garden Court, Temple. Three pairs of eyes—themselves unseen—watching for the advent of Janson. The Temple has many nooks, doorways and landings from which a man may so watch. Enter its precincts, Nellie Esmond, Close behind her Detective Janson. She makes for Garden Court, and in one of the houses there enters the ground floor suite of rooms. Janson stands outside the doorway of the same house; takes off his hat and flicks the dust therefrom with his hand- kerchief. Perhaps this is an agreed signal. Anyway, from different parts of the Court came a trinity of men—those same watchers—and join him. He gives them certain instructions, leaves two of them outside, turns the handle of Mr. Daveson's door, and enters with the other man. "He's in, Sir, but engaged." So says the clerk in the outer room, recognising Janson. But that gentle- man does not seem surprised. He says: "Oh,yes. I know—with Miss Esmond; he's expecting me." With that he walks to Daverson's private door, raps with his knuckles, swiftly opens it, enters and closes the door behind him. The man left in the outer room, en- gages the attention of the somewhat sur- prised clerk, and sets the conversation ball rolling—the horsey appearance of the clerk warrants the question—by ask- ing what he fancies for the Lincolnshire Handicap? Meanwhile, in the inner room, Daver- son expresses surprise at seeing Janson; and then says he is glad, as he would like to introduce him to Miss Esmond. "This, Nellie, is the officer I was talk- ing about. He is engaged on the case, and he has promised to leave no stone unturned to find poor Hubert's body." Nellie bowed courteously, and said she was glad to see Mr. Janson, and asked had he any clue, and did he think he would succeed in his search? Yes, Mr. Janson said, yes, he dis- tinctly thought he should be successful. Then Daverson somewhat excitedly said: "Do you know, Janson, I want to tell you—" And in a quiet tone of voice, advancing to the table, Janson said— "Don't tell me anything. It is of course, a useless formality with you, be- cause you know the law—better than I do. Still, formality as it is. I must go through with it. It is my duty to warn you that anything you may say now may be used in evidence against you here- after." Daverson stood looking at the officer in utter amazement for a few moments, and then said: ' It this is a joke, Janson, it is in bad, extremely bad taste." "I'm afraid you will find it no joke, Mr. Daverson, and I must ask you to consider yourself in my custody." "Custody—" "Of course, you as a gentleman in the law, know what these things are. Duty is duty and must be performed. You'll come quietly, I know. You can get into a cab I have waiting in Middle Temple- lane, and drive off nice and comfortable with no one the wiser. My friend here," he added, going to the door and beckon- ing the other officer into the room, "my friend here will look after Miss Esmond in the same—" "Miss Esmond," inquired Daverson. "Are-you mad? Do you mean to say—" "That you are both my prisoners. If you are wise you'll say nothing more, but go quietly to the station. Any ex- planation you wish to make, you can give when the charge is entered." "Charge Charge ? Charged with what?" "The murder of the Hon. Hubert Haddon." "You dare to accuse me of that?" "No, Mr. Daverson, not personally—I was speaking of you jointly. The charge is with being concerned in the murder. Which committed the deed and which was the accomplice can be discussed later on." At first the actress sat in stony amaze- ment, then her indignation found vent. "Do you dare accuse me of being con- cerned in a murder? Dare to say you will arrest me?" "Yes, Miss. Both these statements are—I am sorry to have to say it—quite correct." "You shall not. I will not move from here." "A mistake, Miss, a mistake. I have half-a- dozen policemen within call. What will you gain by making a scene? Far better go quietly. If you are innocent, what's easier than to prove it later on?" "I will not move a step." "A mistake. Miss, a mistake. Why, I remember, Miss, seeing you, a year or two ago, at the theatre, playing the part of the Frenchwoman in ' Jo.' There was a policeman on the stage—an Inspector Bucket. I remember his part because it rather appealed to me, being an officer myself. You may remember you threat- ened not to go then. As near as I can remember, Bucket wagged his finger at you, said said—just as I am saying to you now—'now I want to be pleasant and gentle to you, a lady, if I can. If you won't let me, I have rougher ones outside.' That's the language of Charles Dickens, Miss; but it's mine, too. Don't let me have to call in three policemen when you might just put your arm through that of my young man here, and walk out as quietly as if you were going to pay a visit to the National Gallery." Before he had finished Nellie Esmond had given in. She did not a bit under- stand what it all meant, but she saw the futility of fighting. The Detective went on. "You promised to go back to Liver- pool by the midnight train. That I am afraid you won't be able to do. l am a man of business myself. and I like to see other people attend to theirs. If you would like to wire Mr. Mortimor that you won't be back—just as he said you would do—why, I'll see that the tele- gram is sent off all right." By this time Daverson had recovered his presence of mind. Addressing the detective, he said: "Janson, I was wrong to lose my tem- per just now. I apologise." "Don't mention it." "I was wrong. but I lost my head for the moment. You are doing your duty, I know, only your duty—and doing it as pleasantly as you can. At the same time you are making a terrible mistake." "Hope so for your sake, sir." "My sake does not so much count, as for this poor girl's. I do not know what reason you have for this groundless be- lief in my guilt, but surely you can have heard no breath of suspicion against her. Do not, for God's sake, Janson, just be- cause you find her in my company, blast her reputation by arresting her." "Sorry, but it can't be avoided." "Why? Now I call to mind your sus- picion of the cheque, your inspection of my pass-book, and your curious ques- tions. I see that you may have formed some sort of suspicion about me; but this poor girl has only just arrived— within the hour—from Liverpool." "I know that." "You know it." "I have travelled up in the same train with her." CHAPTER XVIII. FINDING THE BODY. Daverson looked blankly at the Detec- tive. Surprised firstly at his knowledge of Nellie Esmond's movements, and suspiciously surprised that he had trav- elled up with the girl. Why? For a moment he suspected some ill of Nellie, and then could have kicked himself for his want of belief in her. "I went down to Liverpool," said Janson, "to see if I could recover the lady's dress basket." "Her dress basket?" "Yes, the one that in your letter to Miss Esmond you express so much con- cern over." "You know that?" "The letter is in my possession now." "You have been hard at work, Jan- son," responded the barrister, bitterly. "Not harder than necessary," replied the detective. "That dress basket has got to be found, if it's above ground, and I thought that from its owner I might get some information." "You seem very anxious about the basket." "Not more so than you seemed to be in your letter." "But what good do you think you will effect by finding it?" "Solve what is a mystery to us at present." "What?" "The whereabouts of the Hon. Hubert Haddon's body." "Do you mean?" "That the body is in Miss Esmond's basket? Yes, we have evidence to that effect." "Good God." Once more suspicion of Nellie flashed across his brain; once more he dismissed it. He turned to the sobbing girl and said: "Nellie, my poor girl, you must do everything to clear up this mystery. Give this officer all the information you can. When did you see your lost basket last, and how was it—" "It is my duty, you know, Miss," in- terrupted Janson, "to warn you that whatever you say may be used against you in evidence later on." "Ah, Janson, the girl has nothing to conceal. She is as innocent as I am my- self. But there, what is the use of my saying that—you believe me guilty. Still, if you think Miss Esmond has the missing man's body in her basket. how, in Heaven's name, do you connect me with it?" "The Hon. Hubert Haddon signed a cheque for £10,000 in favour of Miss Esmond." "I did not know that; but even sup- posing it to be so, what has that to do with me?" "You cashed it." "I?" "Your photograph has been identi- by the bank-clerk who cashed the cheque." "My pho—some awful awful mistake." "I thought there was a possibility of it myself, so I did not arrest you before, but whilst I was away in Liverpool the notes have been traced and it is found were cashed at the West End Branch of the Bank of England, and at the Head Office." "You don't mean to say—" "That the cashiers there remember you ? Yes, I do—distinctly. They, without a moment's hesitation, singled out your photograph from half-a-dozen others." "My God! Is it possible?" "Truth, Mr. Daverson, every word of it. We don't joke on murder subjects, you know." Daverson was sitting dazed. What the whole thing meant he could not fathom. "I shall have to trouble you for your keys, Mr. Daverson." "Yes. yes." "I am sorry to have to do this, but duty is duty, you know as well as I do. I must make a search here, and it's just as well it should be done in your pre- sence." "I quite understand. Here are my keys. Your search will be fruitless. I have not a scrap or vestige of anything which in the very remotest degree is con- nected with poor Haddon or his disap- pearance." "This small key?" "Fits the drawers of my table. All unlocked, you see," pulling them out one by one; "and empty except these three top ones, contents as you see, note- paper, envelopes, and stationery gener- ally." "This one?" "My latch-key, of home, the next two the keys of the outer and inner doors here. That one the key of the cupboard there—which you will find empty. The other keys are all of drawers and things at home." "There does not seem much here." "No, I told you there is not a vestige of anything." "This is the cupboard key, is it?" "Yes, you will find it quite empty." The detective inserted the key in the lock and opened the door. Both he and his fellow officer—used to surprises as they were—started back with an invol- untary cry. The actress gave a despair- ing shriek and fell in a fainting fit to the floor. Daverson seemed to fight for air as he staggered towards the cupboard with uplifted hands, and muttered: "Merciful God!" For there on the floor of the cupboard, bound round in red tape was the body of the missing man! CHAPTER XIX. THE TELEPHIONE. Janson became another man then. He had his back to the door in a moment, and a sharp eye on his two prisoners. He spoke in a very different tone of voice, too—the courtesy had left it— sharply and aggressively, for he was annoyed that he had been deceived by the barrister's apparent truthfulness. "Cease these heroics, Mr. Daverson, they don't wash. I don't mind admit- ting that you have been clever enough to fool me up to now; but you may as well throw off the mask and face the music. Hold out your hands." "No, no, Janson, for God's sake, spare me that!" "Not a spare," replied the detective firmly. I'm not trusting you out of my touch. You're a clever, man, Mr. Daverson, and I'm just going to take care you're not too clever for me. A man who fools me once, finds he has a hard row to hoe the second time . . . That's it . . . . now tile other wrist. . . . thanks, now we are a bit safer." "Janson, I know that in arresting me you are but doing your duty—" "Which I have neglected too long, thanks to your plausible tongue." "But, Janson, as God is my judge, I am inno—" "Drop it; or save it up. Keep it for the jury. for you're bound for the Old Bailey as safe as God made little apples." "I know you think me guilty. I know appearances are against me—" "They could not—short of the dead speaking—be very much more so." "How the body came there, I know no more than you do." "No, of course not—you wouldn't. But it isn't worth while trying to convince me of that. I'm only one man, you know. Wait till you've got twelve of them in front of you." "Let me tell you." "Don't tell me anything, because 1 should not believe you, whatever you said. To speak plainly, I don't think I ever came across such a truthful liar in my life, and I've had a bit of experience, too. Why, you even raised doubts in my mind—and I'm looked on as being one of the most suspicious men at the Yard— as to your guilt. Besides. you know as well as I do, that all you say will turn up against you at the hearing. I'm a police- man, you know." "I am speaking the truth—" "Perhaps. Perhaps not. Anyhow you may want to twist your yarn a different way at the Bailey. What you say to me now might not fit then." The actress was showing signs of re- covery from her faint. Addressing an officer Janson said: "Close that cupboard door........lift her up....... into the chair, man......That's it .....Cone here...... Keep your eye on both of them." He then walked to the telephone, turned the handle and placed the re- ceiver to his ear: " No. 3536 Gerard please, Mliss......yes ...... thanky ou. I will." He stood there patiently for a few moments while the communication was made. and then spoke into the trans- mitter again: "I'm Janson ...... Janson......Who are you ?......Is Smedley there ?......Ask him to come to the phone......That you, Smedley? I'm in Garden Court, Temple, No. 3. Note the number. Send on here immediately covered ambulance, three plain clothes men and surgeon, imme- diately, you understand?......Has the Super gone ?.....Ask him to go on to Bow-street at once, I'm taking two prison- ers there now...... Murder case I went to Liverpool about. tell him......Red hot...... Yes......All clear?......Right. He hung up the receiver and rang off. "Light those candles, Jim; it is get- ting dark. Now. Mr. Daverson, is this your hat ? Good......There, that's on all right. This your overcoat ?...... Better hang it over-your hands......like that. See? That will hide the darbies. Two of my men will walk alongside you, till you get to the lane where there's a cab waiting. Are you ready?" Daverson signified by a movement of his head that he was. He was too over- powered by what had happened to talk. "Now, just one final word," continued the officer. "It's a short walk, and when you smell the fresh air you may be tempted to make a dash for it. Don't. My men are younger and more athletic than you are. They'll have their eyes on you, and there are men posted at each exit. You'd stand no ghost of a chance if you tried to flit. See?... .That's right. Act sensibly and we act kindly. You might be three gents going out to a din- ner party; no one will know the truth unless you give the show away...... Now, then, Mr. Daverson, forward if you please. I'll follow presently with the lady. You. Jim, get another cab. I will wait here till they come on from the Yard." The trinity of men left. Janson let tem out, and returned to the inner office. He sat down and began turning out the papers in the top drawers of Daverson's table. After a mument or so had elapsed, the actress said: "Mr. Janson, will you let me ask you a question?" "I wouldn't, Miss, if I were you. Still tongues in cases of this sort make wise heads, you know." "You have warned me—I talk at my own risk. I have only the bare plain truth to tell." "Unm—that's what Daverson said." "Let me tell you my story—" "Why? Don't. I don't want to hear it. It isn't fair. I'm a policeman, but for all that, I've got views of right and wrong, and it is not right to let you give yourself away." "Still, whilst we are waiting, I should like to tell you—" "Why? Don't. Lord, Miss, you re- mind me every minute more and more of that piece—'Jo'—I saw you playing in. You may remember that you would keep on talking there; and I remember the officer—Bucket, wasn't it? Inspec- tor Bucket—warning you against it then. But it doesn't seem much good warning you, you will 'parley.'" "No—because I want to tell you all I know. You are a clever man—" "You flatter me, Miss." "Not at all—your disguise at the Liverpool Theatre, so that I did not re- cognise you, appeals to my theatrical nature. That was clever." "Um—there was another disguise I met you in to-day." "Really." " Yes—I was the old man with the fits." He changed his voice as he spoke. "A-goin' up to Guy's Horspittle all alone, cos my chillern and grenchillern didn't keer about me." "That was you? Truly, I was right to call you clever." "Waant a bad bit of make-up, was it? I was a trifle nervous about facing a pro. with it on. I thought you might pene- trate my disguise." "No; I never for a moment had the faintest suspicion. Now let me tell you my story." "You will 'parley' you know." "Because I have faith in you as being a clever officer. I want to convince you of my innocence; I want to win you to my side." "A bit difficult, Miss—with that cup- board full of murdered man." "I don't believe he was mnurdered." "You don't!" "I believe lie committed suicide." "What? And then tied himself up in red tape, and locked himself in the cupboard, and put the key in Daverson's pocket! Try something thicker, Miss— if you must 'parley'—that's too thin. You can see through it with your eyes shut." CHAPTER XX. THE ACTRESS'S STORY. "Let me tell you my reason for think- ing as I do. I have known the Hon. Hubert Haddon for over twelve months. We were lovers—engaged, The banns had been published and we were to have been married the day before yesterday. The last time that I saw him alive was at his rooms on Monday evening." "Jenkins—his man—told me that you were there, then," commented Janson, as he referred to his note-book. "And he will tell you that we parted the very best of friends." "That's so; he did." "From that moment I have never set eyes on him until," she added with a shudder, " you opened that cupboard door. I went straight home, and wrote a long letter to the man who was on the eve of marrying me. This letter, I be- lieve, induced him to commit suicide." "Jenkins said a letter came from you by the first post on Tuesday—he knows your handwriting." "You have searched his room, no doubt; you will have found that letter. If you have, and read it, you will see some ground for my belief that—loving me as he did—he may have committed suicide." "We searched—but we didn't find the letter you refer to." " In it I bade him farewell for ever, told him that the marriage could never take place, that I was leaving for Liver- pool, and that I prayed God I might never meet him again. Then I went to Liverpool, you know." "Yes." "Try. Mr. Janson. to believe that I am speaking the truth—oh, I so ear- nestly beg of you to do so! I may be innocent, you know; let me put it like that—give me the benefit of the doubt whilst you listen to me." "It's not for me to judge you, Miss —" "No, no; I am not suggesting that. But I want you to help me. I feel that if I can convince you that I am speaking the truth, you will help. me. Ah! see now, you suspected me over the dress basket. there was nothing wrong in it, after all. Admit that." "Yes, I was wrong there. What we found in the cupboard I expected to find in the basket." "You did? My God! How horrible. Are there women in the world who could really—oh, it is too dreadful to think of." "My experience is, Miss, that there are few things in the way of crime that a woman can't carry out. if you put her to it. When it's a question of man or woman in criminality. I put my money on the feminine gender every time." "But so—" "Well, don't discuss it, Miss. That basket theory was wrong." "Whilst I was at Liverpool, I had— as you know—the letter from Mr. Daver- son asking me to come up to London. The letter was a complete enigma to me. I want you to believe, Mr. Janson, that that was the first, the very first moment that I knew of the Hon. Hubert Had- don's disappearance." "Of course, I can't question you. I don't want to. I don't even want to hear what you say." "Yes, yes. Ah, Mr. Janson, do. Do for God's sake. You may have a wife of your own, daughters, perhaps. Think— think—they might be caught in the coils of circumstantial evidence, and appear black as night when they were as white as the driven snow. Think. Mr. Janson, if those women appealed to a man to help them—only just a little—by putting questions to them, that they might satisfy him they were speaking the truth. Ah, Mr. Janson, you are human—only human—a palpitating piece of flesh and blood just as I am. I appeal to you—I urge you—I pray you—for God's sake, ask me anything which you think will throw light on this affair. and make me appear as innocent as I am." "Well—as I told you, Miss, I can't question you—it's against the rules. Of course I can't prevent you talking, you know; and you might—I say you might—care to tell me what you did on Tuesday night, and about the witnesses you could call for an alibi, you know." "Tuesday night?" "Yes, or Wednesday morning. We reckon that after 11 o'clock on Tuesday night the Hon. Hubert Haddon was murdered. I know you left Euston by the Liverpool afternoon express next day, and we've pretty clear evidence of what you did after that." "Yes, yes. Then—oh thank God if I am right—that goes to help to prove my innocence?" "Well, of course I can't ask you ques- tions. you know, but if you can bring wit- nesses to prove what you were doing be- tween 11 o'clock on Tuesday night and two o'clock on the Wednesday afternoon, it would go a long way to proving your story true." "Witnesses? I—oh, God, what a chain—what a net—seems to have closed around me! Witnesses ? There is not a soul in whole world could witness for me that." "Um." "And yet—oh, it is horrible—horrible horrible—" "Calm down, Miss, it's not a bit of use getting excited—it won't do a scrap of good—you just rest quiet a bit and don't talk any more." "Talk? I must talk." "You will 'parley,' you know," said Janson. "I must tell you everything. I had behaved badly to Haddon—acted falsely to him—and oh, my God, how am I being punished for it—I was so ashamed of myself, of my conduct, that I had for nights and nights been attempting to commit suicide. But I was a coward, and when I looked over the bridge, down into that water, which seemed to run with a cold, horrible swiftness to death—the death I was courting, and yet was afraid to face—my courage failed me, and I drew back. Tuesday night? Ah, yes, I remember it. I had been to the Gaiety to see the stage manager there, to know the time of the train call on the morrow. The Gaiety closes about 11-15, and I left—I remember-just as the cur- tain fell, for I heard the 'Queen' as I came out of the Manager's room. That was at 11-15." "Between eleven o'clock on Tuesday night, and two o'clock on Wednesday afternoon," murmured Janson. "I went home. I lived at—" "Yes, I know. We have been there." "My landlady, poor old soul. goes to bed early, she would know nothing of my movements." "Yet she gave us certain informa- tion." "But her evidence could not help me. The letter I had sent was worrying me. No sooner was I in the house than I wanted to be out again—and I went." (To be continued.) 