SermoR for Sunday. Light for Those in Darkness. Bv Lath Bev. O. H. SroroEox. Tlio people which set in darkness sew greet llqht. i ana to them which set 111 tho rctiion nnd shadow ol dentil light is sprung up> filnttliow Iv. 10. Tho mossngo in that for those who aro in a worse condition than others thoro is hopo and light ; for among such pooplB tlio Gospel has reaped very rich fruit. Among barbarous nations Christ lins won great trophies. Tho poor KarenH nro wonders of grace, the cannibals of tlio South Sea Islands are miraolcs of meroy, and among the nnco onsiuved Ethiopians there are warm and loving hearts wliioh rejoico in Jesus' name. Some of us were brought very low before we found the Saviour ; lowor wo eonid not well hare been ; wo were emptied iiko a dish lhat a man wipes and turn upside down ; wo had not even a drop left in us ; but wo rejoico in Christ lo-day, mid wo say to despairing souls, " M'e are personal witnesses that Christ lias saved such us you nre. Ho lias in our case caused light to shine 011 those who sat iu darkness, and out of death's cold shade intolifo's full light Ho hus brought us as prisoners of hope ; and therefore He can do tho snrao with vou. Be of good courage, there is hope, for you." What a word was that of our Muster when He commanded His disciples to preasli tho Gospel to every creature, beginning at Jerusalem. They wore to commence their labours amongst His murderers, amongst hypocritical Pharisees and proud Horodians. Thoy were to begin where tho devil reigned inost supreme, nnd to present Christ, to the worst sinners' first. ' Sjo you, then, that great _ sinners, so far from being excluded, aro just thoso to whom the good news is to ho first published. Tho true light for 11 soul in darkness is all in Christ. Hear ye tho text : " The people which sat in darknoss saw groat light " Now, Christ is not only light, but great light; He reveals great things, Ho .manifests groat comforts, Eaves us from groat sin and great wrath, nnd prepares us for great glory. Ho is, however, a Saviour that must be seen. '- The people that sat in darkness saw great light." Light is of no use unless it be seen. "Look unto Me, nnd bo yo saved, alt ye ends of tho earth." We must seethe Saviour with a glance of faith ; then havo we light. Lot us consider how clearly Christ Jesus Himself is tho light of every believing , eve. and delivers the most troubled soul from its misery. In Him is light, and tlm light is the light of men. Jesus personally is the day- dawn, nnd the morning without clouds. First there is light in Christ's name for 11 troubled siuuer. What is it? Jesns. Jesus, a Saviour. I am n sinner lost and ruined, but I rejoice, for Jesus has come to seek nnd to save tlint which was lost. My fins trouble me, but He shall save His people from their sins. Satan annoys me, but He lias ooino to destroy the works of tho devil. He is not a nominal but a real Saviour. Wo know captains and colonels who lmve no troops, and never raw fighting, but not so the Captain of our salva tion ; Ho brings many sons unto glory. If a man is called a builder, we expect him to build ; if n merchant, wo expect him to trade; and as Jesus is a Saviour, Ho wiil carry on His sacred business — Ho will save multitudes. Why, surely thore is coinfort- nblo hope hero. Do you not see tho dawning iu the name of Saviour ? Surely, if Ho conies to save, and you need saving, there is a blessed suitability in you for 0110 another. A prisoner at tho bar is glad to meet one who is by profession an advocate ; a ship ont of its track welcomes a pilot ; a traveller lost on the r moors is delighted if he meets a guide ; and so a sinner should rejoieo at tjjo baro mention of a Saviour. Thero is similar oneourago- inent in the second inimo, Christ, for it means " anointed." Our Lord Jesus is not un amateur Saviour, who has come here without a commission from God ; Ho is not an udventnror, setting up on His own account to do a kind of work for which Ho is not qualified ; no, the Spirit of the Lord is upon Him, for the Lord hath' auointod Him to this work of saving souls. He is Jesus Christ, whom God hath sent. Him hath God the Father sealed. Ho spuko not of Himself, but God was with Him and 111 Him. Why, beloved friends, now that I am in tho light 1 can seen whole sunful of splendour in that douhlo name Jesus Christ, nnd yet I fear thut. those who aro in darkness inay not por- ceivo it. Whom God anoints to save must siuvly bo both ablo and willing to save tho guilty. This name is as tho morning still- ; look at it, and know that day is near. It has such joy in it lhat misory itself ought to leap with holy mirth at tho sound of it. Thoro is light for thoso who sit in darkness, in our Lord's person and nature. Mark right well who this Jesus Christ is. He is in the constitution of His person both God and man, Divine and human, equal with God and fellow with man. Do you not see in this fnct the love of God, that Ho should be will ing to take humanity into uuion with him self ? If ,God becomes man, Ho does not liuto men, but lias lovo towards them. Do you not see tho suitability of Christ to deal with you ? for He is liko yourself — a man, touched with the feeling of your infirmities; of a human mother born, Ho hung at a woman's breast; Ho suffered hunger and thirst and weariness, and, dead and buried in tho toinb, He was partaker in our doom us well as our sorrow. Jesus of Nuznroth was trtost truly a conn ; Ho is bohe of your bouo aud flesh of your flesh. Oh, sinner, look into tho face of tho Man of Sorrows and you must trust Him. Since Ho is also God, you thorein gee His power to carry on tlio work of salvation. He touches you with tho hand of His humanity, hut ho touches tho Almighty with the hand of His Deity. Ho is mun, nnd feels your needs ; Ho is God, and is able to supply them. When tho Lord Hiinsolf, thut mudo the heavens and digged tho foundations of tlio earth, comes to be your Saviour, thero remains no difficulty in your being saved. Omnipo- tbneo cimuot know a difficulty, mid; oh sinner, to an omnipotent Saviour it is not hard to snvo oven you. A look of faith will give you perfect pardon. A touch of tlio horn of tiio Redeemer's garment will ileal you at nuco. Come, then, und trust tho incarnate God. Cast yourself into His arms at once. Thero is light, moreover, in His , offices, and indeed a brightness of glory which a littlo thought will soon perceiva. What m-e His offices ? I cannot stay to mention a titho of them, but auo of them is that of Mediator. ?uur soul longs to speak to God and find uo- oeptunoe Witli Him, but you aro afraid to venture into His tcniblo presence, I wonder not at your four, for " oven our God is a enn- siimin-' fire." But be of good comfort; the way of aocoss is open, and there is One who will go iu unto tbo King witli you. and opeu His mouth on your behalf. Jesus lias interposed, and filled tlio great gulf which yawned botween tho sinner aud his righteous Judge. His blood has pavod the crimson way ; His cross lias bridged each stream; .His person is tbo highway for those who would draw near to God. Now, as Christ Jesus is tho Modiator between God and man, and you want one, take Him, and you will havo light at once. You desire, also, this day a Eocriflco, to mako atonement for your iniquities ; that also you will find in Christ. God must punish "sin ; ovary trans gression must reoeivo its just recompense of rowurd ; but, lo, Christ 1ms ooino, und us tho scapegoat Ho has carried sin away : us tho sin-offering Ho lias removed truuBgression. Moreover, to mention one other office, our Lord is an Tutoreossor. Perhaps one of your greatest difficulties is that you ounnot pray. You say, "I cannot put It dozen words together ; if I groan, I fear I do not feel in my heart what I ought to feel." Well, thero is Ono who nan pray for yon if you cannot for yourself. Givo Him your cause to plead, und do not doubt but tliut it shuli succeed. Once again, if you want light, think of His oharaoter us tho meek and lowly Suviour. Little .ohildron loved Him : Ho called them und tlioy willingly oamo. for He was meek und lowly of heart. Ob sinner, could Ho refuse thoa ? Do you think Ho could givo you a liurd word und tend you about your business, if you were to seek meroy to-day? It could not bo; it is not in tlio nuturo of Him who was both tho Son of God nnd tho Son of Man over to repel a heart that fain would oling to Ilim for ' rcfujro and Rnfcty. Think for a moment of His lifo Ho was "separate from cinnera," wo aro told, and yot it is else where said of , Hi»i; " This Man recoiveth uiwierfl) and eatoth- with them." Friend of Sinncra was Iiia name, and is still. Ttuukof that self-denying lifo spont amoiipr tlio siok and the sinful for their good. And then think of His death, for hero tho light of grace isfocusised; theoross, liko n burning-glass, concentrates tho light und heat of Christ's love upon tho sinner. Seo Him agonising in tho garden for sins that wore not His own ; sco Him scourged with awful flagellations for transgressions in whieh Ho had no sharo ; behold Iliin blooding and dying on tho tree for His enemies— sufferer for huquitios in which Ho nover was a participator, for iu Him was no sin. It must bo true that God can savo me, if Christ has died in tbo stead of tlio guilty. Ttfis argument has killed my unbelief. I cannot disbclicvo, when I see inoamato God sulforing for the guilty, tbo just for tho unjust, to bring thorn to God. Tho dying thief said, "Lord, remember mo"; so will wo turn our eyes to that once crucified Saviour, fritting in tho highest heaven, and breathe tho prayer, " Lord, remember me." "Sinnere! come, tbo Saviour sco— Hands, feet, side, and tomplcs view ; Sec Hira bleeding ou tbe tree, Seo His heart on.Jire for you t " I wihb it were in my power to convoy the light which I see in the cross into vour mental eyeballs, but I cannot : God tho Holy Ghost must do it. Ynt, beloved, if ever you get light, it will be in Christ. Away from 6elf, away from your own resolutions, away from your own prayer.-, vepentaucca, utid faith ; away to Cliriet on tho cross must you look. AU your hope and help is laid on Immanucl'H shoulders. You aro nothing. Not a rag nor a thread of your own righteousness wiil do; Chriit's rdbe of righteous ness must cover you from head to foot. "But vou no not moan me? " saith one. I mean you that rit in tbo darkness, you that ire ignoruht, you that arc depressed, you that havo no good thing of your own, you that mtnnot help yourselves ; you lost ones, you condemned onos, I meau you. Aud this U God's message to you: "God sent not His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that tlio world throuuh Him might be saved." " Whom God hath sot forth to bo a propitia- ;ion through faith in His blood, to declare His righteousness for the remission of sins ihut are past, through the forbearance of God ; to declare. I say, at this time His righteousness ; that He miirht bo jn>t. und the Juslifior of him that believetli in Jesus." "He that belicvefn oti Him is not condemned." Oh, come, yo guilty ; for He is ready to forgive you. Come, yo filthy ; tbe fountain is ready for your cleansing. Come, ye rorrowful, since joy is prepared; His oxen uiul fatHngit arc killed, for all things are ready ; come to tho feast of love. Oh, do not reject it, I beseech you, you guilty ones ! you despairing ones, do not turn from it ; put not away from you the kingdom, lest you prove yourselves un worthy, and bring upon yourselves wrath unto the uttermost. It yc be willing and obedient, ye shall cat tho good of the land. Ucceivetlio Lord Jesus uh your Saviour, now. 