Local and General. Ourselves. — Today we issue our usual Christmas Supplement. The letterpress is of varied and readable description, typical of the season of the year. One of the brightest pieces of verse is a blind girl's patriotic effusion, entitled 'Farewell to Australia,' in which is expressed a senti- ment of pride for our native land which all true born Australians feel. The supple- ment is a four page one and is printed on good paper and profusely illustrated. In addition to this we also publish our usual two-page supplement. The local news of Gladstone, Cobar, and Drysdale will be found in the usual places. The Holidays.— All the Government offices at the Court House will be closed from Friday, 22nd, until Wednesday morn- ing, 27th inst. Heat. — The following are the heat records for the week: — Monday 103.5, Tues- day 107, Wednesday 102, Thursday 104, Friday 109. Anglican Services. — In the Church of England on Monday (Xmas Day), the Rev A. R. Martin will hold services at 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. There will be no evening service. Wrestling.— On Saturday night, in the Masonic Hall, a wrestling match took place between Mr Sam Martin and Mr H. Pearce. The former won, securing the first two falls. To Suitors. — Owing to the next Small Debts Court Day falling on the 26th (Box- ing Day) suitors are informed that there will be no necessity for their attendance until Friday, 29th inst. No Meeting. — There was no meeting of the Cobar Municipal Council on Wednesday evening, because there was no Quorum of aldermen. The Mayor, and Ald James, Bailey, and Musgrove were present. Postal Arrangements. — On Xmas day the Post Office will be open for telegrams from 6 to 6.30. p.m., and the usual evening delivery. On Boxing Day the office will be open for telegrams from 9 till 10 a.m., and from 6 till 8 p.m. Sale of Rights. — On Saturday last Mr N. Morrison sold the priveleges in connection with the Oddfellow's Sports for Boxing Day. Tho following were the purchasers. — Publican's Booth, Mr H. J. Edgar, £5 ; Refreshment Booth, Mr Collou, £7. Illness. — During the week Mrs Lewis, of the Empire Hotel, has been seriously ill. On Saturday she was hardly expected to live. We are glad, however, to report that she is now somewhat better. Mr J. Lewis, her son, arrived from White Cliffs on Thursday morning. Business Change. — Mr T. P. Meagher announces in our business columns that he has taken over the bicycle business until lately carried on in Marshall Street by Messrs Bennett and Barkell. He is agent for the Naumann cycles, and all models are on show. Anything in the way of cycle sundries can be had from Mr Meagher. Stock Returns. — Attention is drawn to the alteration in the date of making the annual stock returns and the form used. The old date was from the 1st to the 31st December. The new date is from the 1st to the 10th January for stock owned on the 31st December. All owners of one head of stock upwards must make this return with- in those dates under a penalty of £20. Forms, &c.;, can be obtained from the Stock Inspector. Minstrel Club. — A Club has been formed in town by Mr J. Henry O'Dea, under tho name of the 'Mohawk Minstrel Club.' We understand that the members are now undergoing a course of instruction, and that by the end of January they will be really for public criticism. There is much talent in this town, which should make a good, respectable Minstrel Club a great success. For the Summer. — Summer has arrived in real earnest, and as usual it promotes an ever-rccurring thirst, Whon ono has to drink so often there's nothing liko going in for a cool, non-intoxicating bevcrago. At tho Federal Refresbmont Booms, inPndula't Terrace, customers can obtain the very best of iced drinks, of each and every variety, aso r. cup of tea and light refrtshmonts. Mrs Allan and Miss Ellis are determined to supply this long want. A Ghost is a Copper Mine. — Some conster- nation has been caused amongst some of the mines at the Blaney copper mine by the visit- ation of a ghost in ono of the shafts. The men hear strange noises, bells ringing, sing- ing, groanings, etc. Miners going below have their candles extinguished by a super- natural visitor, and some of the men allege that something brushed past them. Six men have left the mine owning to the terror the ghost has inspired. A Reminder. — At the Hospital Com- mittee meeting on Monday evening the Chairman (Mr Breden) threw out the hint that the Hospital patients would welcome any Xmas gifts. We feel sure there are many in Cobar in whom there is a strong generous nature at this season of the year. Then might we also ask them to think of the unfortunate suffering and at least alleviate for a short time that unkindness of fate which caused them to seek refuge in the Hospital. A Humane Committee — The Cobar Hos- pital Committee can lay just claim to the above title. At their last meeting they de- cided to award Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, the warder and matron, a bonus of ten guineas in recognition of their faithful and untiring attention to duty during a year in which the Hospital was very severely taxed. All pa- tients have nothing but kind words for the Hospital staff, and the Committee very gen- erously recognised faithful services by the donation above mentioned. A Sad Death. — On Wednesday evening last a sad death occurred at Dalton Park. Mrs. Wasson, the wife of Collin S. Wasson, a fireman on the railway, succumbed. De- ceased had recently given birth to twins, and during the week has been in a serious way. Dr Robinson was in attendance, and Dr. Lawes was also called in. The excessive heat was greatly against the patient's re- covery. Deceased was in her 35th year, and leaves four children, the eldest being a girl of about 10 and the youngest a baby. Messrs Gudgeon and Clifton conducted the funeral, the Rev A. R. Martin officiating at the grave. General sympathy is felt for the bereaved. Masonic — Thursday last was a festive day with members of the local Masonic Lodge. Right Worshipful Grand Master Trevett and Grand Secretary Bray, who are at present on a special visit of inspection to the lodges throughout the colony, visited Cobar. On the previous night the new lodge was inaug- urated at Nyngan. A lodge would also have been opened at Warren only the recent fire interfered with arrangements. At Cobar, however, a lodge meeting was first held, and then a Masonic banquet was tendered to the visitors. About 30 persons were present, including visitors from Cobar, Warren, and Wellington. Mr A Baker, W. M., occupied the chair. A long toast list was gone through. The Chairman proposed the toast of the 'Queen' and the ' Grand United Lodge of N.S.W.' The latter was responded to by Mr Trevett. The toast of the 'Visitors,' was proposed by Mr Farqu- Jinr, and responded to by Mr Pigott and others. The catering was entrusted to Mrs C. Smith, of Tattersall's Hotel, who pro- vided a really first-class spread. The two officials and visitors left by train on Thursday morning, and from all accounts Cobar hospitallity much more they realsied than Cobar weather. Christmas Eve. The Cobar Court House additions have been completed. The building now looks quite smart and is a credit to the town. 