Miss Pauline of New York BY ST. GEO. RATHBONE. — — ' CHAPTER XVII. THE CLIQUE OF THE ALAMEDA. Now they reach the Alameda; the plaza is filled with people. In the middle, upon the platform, Pedro Gomez, the most favoured leader south of the Rio Grande, waves his baton, and his military band play in a manner that no capital need bo ashamed of. Much of the music is local or Spanish — a bright fandango or a more sober polka — a national tune, or some air un- known to foreign ears, but which has a pleasant ring when executed by well- drilled Mexican musicians. Dora is delighted ; her feet keep time to the music, and she hums the airs as though they are familiar to her. Given the opportunity, she would dance in a minute. Bob has had his eyes about him. He feels uneasy. There is something in the strange, weird music, the crowds of dark-faced people, and the very atmosphere, that seems to warn him that danger is afoot — enemies hovering near. He does not imagine the fact, but knows that evil eyes are upon them all the while. So Colonel Bob, always ready, keeps his right arm free, and much of the time his hand is upon a weapon which he can draw in an instant, with more speed than the average man, for a sheriff in a Western State has to be a man, who can shoot while the despera- do across the room is drawring back the hammer. And on this night, on the Alameda, Is formed the compact against the two comrades.Men meet Senor Lopez, and shake his hand, receiving money, in some cases, and always a sign that is to mark them as members of the clique, or league. More than once desperate men, arm- ed with the national knife, the cuchillo, haunt the footsteps of the two Ameri- cans, anxious to earn the rich reward offered ; for the Mexican senor, having been baffled so many times in his efforts to make Pauline a prisoner, so that he may force her to sign away her rights with regard to the great Eldora- rado mine, and always through the instrumentality of these men, has des- cended the scale, and sunk all regard for honour.He realizes that he will never be allowed to do his will so long as the Americans are alive; hence they must bite the dust. CHAPTER XV111 THE BULL-FIGHTER ACCEPTS A CHALLENGE Dick has a Peculiar sensation of un- easiness, and yet at the same time he is bound to confess that he feels far happier than ever before in all his life. There is a charming sense of full ow- nership concerning the lovely girl who clings to his arm. She has confessed that she ove's him, and |although they are too sensible to act like a pair of spoony lovers, they experience the same delight, not to be described in cold words, that comes to all who feel the holy-passion As in the case of Colonel Bob, this does not cause Dick to forget his reso- lution to remain continually on the qui vive, as danger hovers near. It is a peculiar situation but at some future time, when these war clouds have sunk for ever beneath the horizon, they can afford to indulge in love's young dream without one thought of danger. Now he sees the dark countenance of Barcelona, and the look which the bull fighter gives him is enough to warn even a careless man than Dick that peril menaces him. He has already made up his mind that if an assault is made on them openly on the Alameda, he will, with Bob's assistance, standing back to back, make the Mexicans re- call the famous days of the Alamo, when Texans piled a rampart of the slain around them ere finally yielding up the ghost— men whose name and memories have been revered in Texan history as heros and patriots. He also made up his mind that un der such circumstances his first bullet will be for the Tordas Barcelona, as he recognises in this individual the man who would do him the most harm. If the wily senor is in sight, he may come in for the second leaden messenger, unless Bob has already put the quietus upon him. The hour grows later. Still the music continues ; indeed, Gomez and his band seem to have kept their best work until now. Miss Pau- line and Dora do not think of retiring from the plaza, and the gentlemen would not hint at such a thing, be- cause they are not in the habit of showing the white feather. In this case, of course, it might be justifiable, as they are considering others besides themselves, but all the same, they make no proposal looking towards a return to the hotel. Nor does the crowd thin out. It is a gala occasion amongst the good peo- ple or the city, and they take advant- age, of the occasion. With plenty of stirring music, a cigar, and beauty at their side, the average Mexican citizen is happy enough not to envy a king. Dick is fully aware when he feels something dig him in the ribs — of course it is the elbow of the man from New Mexico, who desires to attract his attention, and as he passes by, he bends his head to mutter:." The wolves are closing in, pard. When it comes to the point make lead count." ; " You' bet," is the only comment that Dick vouchsafes, but his manner shows how coolly he takes the stirring information given, which may mean the greatest of danger, and perhaps death. Truth to tell, he is worried secretly, but only because those who are with him who may be injured in the melee. He has already considered a scheme, wily though it may appear, by means of which he shall win the favor of the assemblage, and crush the incipient rebellion. It is too late for them to get away from the crowd. As soon as they make a move, the very thing they seek to avoid will be precipitated upon them. Some other plan most be tried, and the more Dick Denver reflects, the more convinced he becomes that his wild thought is not such a bad idea after all. At any rate, it suits his notion as a clever way to win the sym- pathy of the crowd, which, like most its kind, is, in general, a good-natur- ed one ready to swing with the hero of the hour. Dick would like to confer with his comrade, but this is hardly possible now without allowing the ears of Miss o catch what they are talking about, and he hardly cares to do that. So he must depend upon himself and, taken with a sudden notion, de- cides upon his unique plan to outwit the senor and his clique. He will take all the City of Mexico into his confidence. The good people shall hear how some of their fellow citizen's endeavour to persecute those whose only sin has been the extension of Mexican business—-the restoration of her most famous mine. Already the situation has grown grave. He can see scowling faces around, and it is evident that if as he believes, the followers of Senor Lopez mean them harm, the crisis will not long be delayed. Bob is cIose to him --Bob, whom he can trust in any event, and who will protect Pauline with his life if needs be. He presses against the sheriff. I (To be Continued. ) 