[?] t. As a counter blast to Ben Til lett's appointment to be an im A Oenerous migration Tribute. lecturer * to the Queens land Government, it is grati fying to rtad the recent ; utterance? in the old country by the Jiev. li M. Shuttlewuod. After eleven years' ^x'lhiience, principally in the back country, ho couM not recommend the English labourer to try Queensland. The gist of his vory.sen.-ible advice to his audience, or to \ ? tlioSMii^mi^TH' of-it-who-4*ad-any- idea of : eniitfratmg. was to stay where they were. Hf warned them not to be. misled by the K^..col.'un-rl descriptions of interested ]-ti-.)ns. hut that if they ^ti 11 insisted on going, drought, flood, drink, aud^hard and ! precarious graft would be ahead of them. j In Queensland, he told them, wages might be higher, and beef and mutton cheaper, I hut there were other things that make up the sum of human happiness which the Kmrlish worker enjoyed but which wnre wanting -mt here. He wjis probably think ing of t\w nomadie hushmen. Passing on \- to the m*Mi of the baekbloeksr he had a « arm ? '' \uhnw «-f admiration for them. They were warily and independent fellows, and kind ami courteous. In his op nion. the bush lia«l produced some of the finest types of niPii t-- \\*- found anywhere. And so it has. And for the Rev. Shuttlewood's manly a kiiuwledgt- ment of it, and for the candour and f.tirriHs.^ uf his utterances, the WORKER 1'v.k- towards him and bows likewise. * * ? We read in th*1 annual report of the ? Immigration Agent that last year there were six blackhirders, with Slave Dh jws a capacity for conveying and Slavery. 707 kanakas, engaged in. scouring the Pacific in q'li'st of tr^ raw material out of which the Northern migar companies manufacture their profits. During the past fcwelwi m- in ths 'thest.' slave dhows have succeeded in capturing 1178 slaves, out of which itumi-er 2t* \wre women. The savage lust ? if 114 '.I ab!'-l-odied men was thus added to Hi-' 7i\'.W already here, and let loose upon thf hnd. The results may be read at any sittings of the Criminal Courts in the -ugar districts, or seen with the naked eye in tli»* t-lums of the neighbouring' cities. Tii' previous year saw the bodies of 270 kanaka* manuring the Northern cane nVMs while this year 202 more victims w.-n; oti-ri'd up to the rapacious profit lr.m?.»r of th*1 planters. He is thrifty, too, i- tiiH kanaka, it sterns. He has a total ? ?! €20,2*1 to his '.-redit as the reward o,! In- industry. Cut the Colonial Sugar, -„' ?nnp;tny. whk-h consists of idle absentees who have never perhaps seen a stick of .-usaroane. divided £85,000 among them -'lws \a- year as the reward of their thrift and industry. * ; ?--♦ * Th« shocking mortality of the kanaka, »'t'- hi- transplantation into the Northern tmgarTieTds, is not. the Kanaka least condemnable side of Mortality. the woeful ? slave traffic. The change of food from a ],]r,.!y vpg.ftaljle diet to a semi -meat diet |- .tf.-:ti!i* source of trouble to the South -?' men. ]V\t in rlip ravages df what are known ;i- ,^rm olis»*sise.s lies the great 'n''!iiy. It ?,- known now that such diseases a* typhoid, smallpox, measles, and. con- \- 'inpti.jii ;u-- caused by infinitesimally -:iia!j forms o( ]j/(i, iyhidh^manage^ under ';*?- ??} :irabl.- viivumstances, to obtain access |»»'- the human system, and swarming and 'iv'dmg tin-rein with alarming rapidity, 'Itmnt-ly overwhelm and destroy one or ?'t.'iMf of the vital organs of the body. 1 !m-,.- (,'Hnns are everywhere— in water, air, '«'i f-fjH, but particularly in cities and in centres of population. The systems of civilised beings, accustomed to the condi tions of civilised life have acquired the jiower of resisting, to a very large extent, the sinister attempts of the surras, but the unfortunate kanaka, whose life, and whose ancestors' lives have had no such ex periences and no such germs to war against, have acquired no such capacity, and so falls an easy prey to the germ armies. It is the germ diseases principally that decimates the kanaka in Queensland, and if there were no other reason, this alone would make his introduction here a shame and a crime. But what does the profit-monger care? * * # One of the* results of the Federation racket is that the political economy of the daily paper editor comes The Iron Law up to the surface. The of Wages. enlightened __public, for , instance, is informed that, the cheapened production which shall ensue when industry is more organised and centralised will be the means of the wage earners being benefited by getting better value for their money th-*n hitherto. As a matter of fact, they will do nothing of the sort. For cheaper food and clothes means lower wages. In the main, a man's wages rise and fall with the cost of living, but it always dangles on the mavtrin of subsistence. Except in skilled trades and special in ftanot'h. the lowest amount upon which a ' wage-ea,raeFcatf subsist will TietenrrinF^thp^ rate of hi# wage.s. If wages in any country rise above the margin of subsistence popu lation will flow towards it, marriage will increase, and with it the birthrate, until the increased com{)etition reduces wages to their normal level again. Should wages, however, fall l-elow the subsistence margin there will be an outflow of population, a decreased marriage and birthrate, and through sickness, and deaths from poverty, the competition of men for work will be slackened, and wages will again return to their normal level. This is what is known as the Iron Law of Wages, and remember ing it the political economy of the daily paper, when it attempts to deal with the wage-earners, becomes a fearful and a wonderful thing. * * * It has been decided to enforce the pro visions of the new Slaughtering Act in Brisbane. It is about At the time. The old method of ~Shainbles7 dealing with meat had not even the virtue of common cleanliness to recommend it. No one out side knew what went through the shambles. But diseased cattle were bought weekly at the Enogg^ra saKs by Brisbane butchers and disappeared from view. The proba bilities are that they turned up again in the carts that travel around the poorer suburbs of this city trading retail meat cheaply to the inhabitants. Now there is to be cleanliness in the shambles and inspection of animals and carcasses. It may be safely assumed that the new move is not due to the desire of the authorities to protect the defenceless indigent, as much as from- a zealous desire to protect their own precious skins. The germs of tuberculous diseases lurk in milk and the bodies of cattle and are dispersed throughout the community by many an unconscious milkman or butcher. Many doctors also claim that our compara tively high cancer rate ia^-due to the surreptitious palming off of cancerous cattle as meat. The.se things rouse the authorities in self- protection into action, and so the people, as a whole, derive the benefit. » * * The principle of health protection ad mitted and embodied in the Slaughtering Act is'oae that deserves Food Adultera* wider application. The tion. desire to undersell com petitors and command the trade in other branches of business dealing with the provisioning of the people, is re sponsible for a large amount of food adulteration and a good deal of ill-health. Long custom has so inured tradespeople to the practice that it is very often openly countenanced ^ind admitted. JTorJnatance, everyone understands that spirits and beer are not what they are supposed to be. A recent prosecution in Brisbane brought to light the fact that such deadly ingredients as nicotine and sulphuric acid are resorted to in the adulteration o liquor. Of course, to the food and drink of the wealthier classes this adulteration does not extend. With them cheapness is not an absolute neces sity in the purchase of food, as it is with the poor. In Germany, and in all advanced Continental countries, elaborate pains are resorted to, to protect the defenceless against the adulterator. '''With us, free hospitals are built to receive victims after the injury is done, hue we do next to nothing to get to the root of the many other evils, like this of food adulteration, which infest society. ♦ ' ¥? # The account of the failure of the Locomo tive Superintendent in Rockhampton to circumvent the decision of Civil Sf rvice the Commissioner for Promotion. Railways- by resorting to political influence in order to accomplish his object, lets -a little, public light in on the methods of promo tion in the public service. In most of jthe Government-departments the two roads to promotions are (1) political influence and (2) seniority, and of these the former is the royal road. In every branch of the service, to a more or less degree, the heart-burnings and disappointments _of men qualified by nature and experience to be the superiors of those who ure in authority over them is most pathetic. With a friend who is capable of placing an influential word in the ear of a Minister, or of a permanent head, a man may scale the heights of promotion with dazzling rapidity. With out it he must sit down and wait, until all who are his seniors in the service die off. The inference in the latter case, of course, is that the longer a man lives the more- he learns. Which is an absurdity, anyway. For it presupposes that very equality of individuals which all progressmsts indig nantly repudiate. The only true test of promotion should be ability. The ablest man is the man destined by nature to govern and command. And until this principle is recognised and adopted in the civil service, its efficiency as a whole is likely to continue to be considerably im paired. ' * ' # * A superficial writer in the North Queens land Register ridiculously assumes that Dickson and the Labour Legislation and Party are both haunted by . Reform. the ghost that the country will go to the dogs uuless a lot of bills are passed on every conceivable object under the sun. Which is pure bunkum, as far as the Labour Party is concerned, at all events. The rare instances in whic . the Libour representatives are to l)« found advocating or supporting any Dickson ian measure gives his statement a denial in 'fact. Furthermore, reform in legislation will be achieved, not by intro ducing new measures as much as by annulling and cancel 1 in? the old. For nearly all the legislation upon our Statute boojs h fr*med w*t' the intention of ? 'fencing out the people from political power and of buttressing up the domi ation of the governing classes and preserving in indus trial subjection the wage-earners. The removal of such barbaric legislation as is contained in the musty Acts of our old friend George IV., for instance, and of a thousand and one other paleolithic impedi ments to the progress of the people along the road of reform, is a necessary prelude to the inauguration of the era of Democratic legislation — a fact that the sui-erficial gentleman of the Northern Rqiistcr might do well to make a note of for future guidance. * * « One of the very many inadequate reasons advanced by the frantic eggers-on of the Federal movement, why A Federal Gag. the wage-earners should ? vote for Federation is that the proposed new Federal city will in volve the spending of five millions of pounds, and that it will be a national benefit out of which the artisans and wagesmen generally will get a slice. Al though the argument is employed here, it is most improbable that any of the local workmen will derive any benefit. The local contractors, however, may. Far while it is a most difficult matter for the toiler to transport himself about the cjun^ry wherever the Juggernaut of Capital chooses to drag him, the employer may do so with ease. And furthermore, if it is a great virtue to provide employment, and if, as it is often argued, that the pro vider of employment is a national bene factor, what neeJ in there to go so far away. The arsonist who burns down his shop to get the insurance money is no Ujss a national Ixjnefactor for he, too, provides employment indirpctlv in ifs rebuilding. And of the five millions that will go ^ ? towards the building of a Federal city somewhere down on the southern N.SW. border, whatever crumbs may fall to the wage-earners thereabouts, it is safe to assume that the big sharo of the loaf will go straight into the pockets of the con tractors who are lucky enough to ge.t a cut in. * * * More than any other province in Aus tralia has Queensland .suffered from the blighting presence of the Capitalistic capitalistic agitators and Agitators. their unions. We know how the real producers have been robbed through middlemen and infernal land booming. We know of the bogus mining operators with their shares, and scripmongers, like pickpockets in a crowd, fleecing the thrifty and indus trious inv^Rtor. Of course all these kind of fiunikin fakes are strictly business and perfectly legal.- Unfortunately far the community, too, these capitalistic agitators have now become the disturbers of the common wealth, which they mean by hook or by crook to confiscate to themselves. They are never satisfied unless stirring up strife amongst the people. For instance during the present week the agitators of the Steamship Owners' Association have proclaimed a strike against the whole com munity and demand a 25 per cent increase in the rate of freights. Not a word about conciliation, arbitration, or consulting the people oil the matter like a common wage earners' union. Not much ! The light of dawn was dim, for we toilers rose early, the men who held the mortgage slept longer, for the mortgage worked all night, aud so one thing equalised another.— Donklm'. \- ???? ????.. 