A Lawyer who Turned Burglar. A grey-haired man with a prematurely old face shambled into the vestibule of a restaurant one night last year, and pressing hi3 face against the glass door gazed hungrily in at the throng around the tables. About three tables from the door sat a man in earnest conversation with another man, who happened to glance up and see the haggard face pressed against the pane. He started, looked intently at the face, and then jumping from his chair, ran to the door. He grabbed the arm of the grey -haired man, who had started to go away, whispered a few words to him, came back and got his hat and coat, and then left the restaurant. His friend sat at the table patiently awaiting his return. The man who went out was a detective, who had come to take back a fugitive from justice, and the man who sat wa;ting for him was an officer who had been entertaining him. It was almost an hour before the detective returned. He came in looking very much perturbed, threw himself in his chair, and said : — " Talk about seeing ghosts 1 I thought I'd seen one then. That man there has just risen from the grave. The dead live again, or, at least, 1 know several hundred people who'd think so if they'd seen that man as I saw him looking through that door an hour ago. But he's flesh and blood, and would you believe it, he's worth .£000 in the market to-day."' If there was £10,000 reward out against him I wouldn't take him in. Why, there wasn't a question but what lie was dead. That's why 1 called him a ghost, and he is but a ghost of what he was a few years ago. Ten years ago there was a series of robberies, evidently the work of an expert cracksman that we were hard put to it to get a clue to the identity of the man. 1 started on the theory that no local man could do such work. Burglar aUrms, safes, and watchmen were alike of no avail against this individual, and in not one instance was a job of his discovered until business hours the following day. Now, about a month before these bur glaries began a young lawyer moved to town, opened an office, took a house in a fashionable part of the city, and, with his wife, began to cut quite a figure in local society. I shall call him JameS Wright. He seemed to have plenty of money, and his wife, who was very pretty, became very popular. A3 for Wright, he was a handsome young fellow, with the figure of an Apollo, and a knack of attiring himself in becoming clothes that Bpeedily won for him the reputation of being the best dressed man in town. I went to my room at seven o'clock one morning, having worked all night at one of these robberies. An hour later I was aroused by a newspaper reporter, who had assisted me in several of my cases, and brought me the news that Blank's bank had been entered during the night, the vaults opened, and £2,000 stolen. When I got to the bank and looked over the ground I realised for the first time what a clever man 1 had to deal with in running down the aathor of these robberies. For a week I frequented all the low resorts in town, hoping to get a clue, but it was all in vain. The tough characters in town were as much mystified over these robberies as 1 was. Ever since the robbery of Blank's bank I had carried with me a brass button that I had found in the vault there. I hadn't much hope of ever getting hold of my man through it, but it was a clue, and, without saying a word about my find to anybody, T carried it with me always and just wiited for something to turn up. And something finally did turn up. It happened in this way : — " The Wrighta gave a fancy dress ball. It was the swellest social function for years, and local society turned out to it. The Chief sent me to that ball to sort of look out for things, for the women had all their jewellery out. I suddenly saw something which made me start. A man dressed as a costermonger walked across the floor and spoke to a masked lady. Then he walked out of the hall and went upstairs. ' Who was that man ? ' I asked rather abruptly of a woman I had been talking to. ' I don't know,1 she said, 4 but if you really want to know I can find out, for the woman he spoke to is our hostess, Mrs Wright.' 4 1 have a reason for wanting to know,' I said, and my companion walked across the room withont hesitation, and sat down beside Mrs Wright. I tell you I was on the anxious seat then. Why 1 Oh, nothing, excepting that on the legs of the coster- monger's trousers, down at the bottom, there were little rows of brass buttons, and I had seen that one was missing from the left leg, and that the buttons cor responded with the one I found in Blank's bank. 44 4 Why, that was Mr Wright," said my messenger, returning ; 4 now take me out and get me some coffee.' How I wanted to drop her that moment and get to work. Bat I went, she chatting merrily and I with my thoughts anywhere but with her. When we got in the hall, out of sight of the other guests, she speedily brought me to my senses. Gripping me by the arm, she looked me squarely in the face and said 4 See here, you're a detective. I know it. Now, what do yon want of Mr Wright 1 ' She laughed right in my face. 'Are you going to tell me or not?' she said. 4 Madam,' I said, for I saw there was no use trifliug with her, 4 1 do not know you, and if I did 1 would have no right to disclose matters that are confided to me by my superiors. I am a detective, here by invitation of your host, to concern myself with the welfare of his guests and to do nothing else. I have not sought to thrust myself on any of the guests, and ' 'You shall tell me this thing at once,' she said, paying no attention to my apologies. 44 4 You can trust me. Look and see if you can't,' and she raised her mask. I had been talking to the wife of the Presi dent of the Board of Police Com missioners, a woman famous there for her cleverness. 4 1 happen to know the work you've been engaged on of late.? I'm interested, too. Is it Wright 1 ' I made no answer. 4 Is it Wright ? ' she insisted, stamping her foot. 4 1 cannot talk 'such things with you here,' I said. 4 Come to my house to-morrow,' she said. 'Before yon go, though,- let me warn you to act qnickly if you're going to act at all. These people are nearing the finish. I called next morning and she told me the facts. 'Liek all clever men,' she said, Wright has a weakness. He adores that wife of his and trusts her blindly. Pe has no money save what he geis from time to time, the life Is dangerons, and it wouldn't surprise me if she skipped out with one of our prominent citizens at any time. If Wright had a suspicion of this he'd kill her without a doubt. You muBt act quickly or all your work will be in . vain 1 ' "Shortly after ten o'clock the next morning the president of the bank in the city was seated in his private office when Mr James Wright's card was handed. to him. 4 Show Sir Wright in,' he said, and smiling Mr Wright walked in and sat down. 4 Mr President,' he said 4 1 am going to leave town to-day for good. My wife has already gone, but as I had a matter of business to attend -to before going I stayed over.' 4 Exactly, Mr Wright, exactly,' said the president. _ 4 1 want a cheque for £4000,' said Wright. A pretty large amount,' said the presi dent. 4 Have you the cash near by 1 ' ' My dear sir, I haven't a cent in the world.' 'But, Mr Wright, we can scarcely ' 'Now, I'm not here to argue,' said Wright, 'but to get the money. My time is very limited. Since I have been in town I have had to depend on the carelessness and stupidity of its well-to-do citizens for a livelihood. You will excuse me if I insist on a little haste in this matter,' and Mr James Wright pulled out two shiny new revolvers. 4 It would pain me very much to have to use these,' he said, 4 but if it becomes neces sary I shall use them without hesitation. Now please write the cheque. "The president, a man over 60, was mightily frightened, and he wrote out a cheque for £4000 and tossed it over to Wright. 4 Take it and go, you scoundrel,' he said. 4 Not so fast, not so fast,' said Wright. ' 4 Your cashier would certainly think I was joking if I took this cheque out to him. And yon— -what would you be doing ? I don't suppose you'd sit here patiently, would you ? No, no, my dear sir, ycu will come to the cashier with me, will order him to cash this cheque, then we will return here and count the money, after which I will lock yon in the room and depart, and, by the way, if there is the slightest interruption in the procee dings 1 will put a bullet through my head, but first I will send one Into your heart.' Not a man, woman or child could be found who saw him after he left the bank. A description of him was sent out through the country. £2000 reward was offered for his capture, but five years ago the rewards were all withdrawn, save one of £20, which still stands. As for Mrs Wright, she eloped with a prominent citizen, and before she got through with hint he was almost a bankrupt." 44 And that was Mr Jame3 Wright whose face we saw pressed against the glass door to night ? "' asked the officer. 44 It was," said the detective, 44 and he is a vagrant to-day, his splendid nerve and wonderful ability wrecked by his wife's infidelity. He told me just now that he lived but to kill her." 