Reported Murder Confession A Gruesome Hoax. Recently a paragraph appeared in bhe ' Bundaberg (Q ) Mail ' stating that it waB reported that a man who died in Sydney Hospital had confessed to tho murder of Mr. and Mrs. Jarvis, residents of Gran ville (Q ), about five miles from Maryborough. Husband and wife OOll, isoi »uoi'u iuuii nndor circumstances of exceptional brutality, their skulls being smashed with a tomahawk. The paragraph appearing in the ' Mail ' was ob: served by a brother-in-law of the murdered man. He cub ib onb and forwarded ib to his brother , — J. R. Flanagan, of Balibain— in order that he mighb make inquiries at the Sydney Hoepital. Mr. Flai agan accordingly wont to the hospital, and there he learnt bhab the hospital authorities were pruHJuiiuiy iguuiuLiu uj. ctuy uuuice sion of murder by a dying man. It was, in fact, the first they had heard about ib. Bub to make as surance doubly sure, the matron, members of the nursing Btaff, and such of the wardsmen who were likely to have been 'brought in con tact with any of the male patients were questioned, bub wibh a like re sult. Several times already the hoepital authorities have given an unqualified denial of the rumor, but, like ' Banquo's ghost, it is nob to be laid,' and keeps cropping up again. The secretary of the hos pital, Mr. C. Helsham, seen lately by an ' Evening News ' reporter, said ' that tho reported confession was a hoax and nothing else. When Mr. Flanagan broughb bhe cutting from the ' Mail ' I told him as much. Judging by the date of the paragraph, the confession would have been made about February 15 or 16\. Needless to say careful in quiries were made of everyone in the institution, without anybhing being found to substantiate the re port. Had such a confession been made to any of the hospital staff, whether wardsman, nursp, or matron, I need hardly say,' added Mr. Helsham, ' that their first duty would be to communicate with the medical superintendent, when, of course, the police would have been informed.' The secretary said he was puzzled to know how such an absurd canard ever gob abroad, and remarked that he had tried to trace it to its source, but had not suc ceeded. In conclusion, added ho : ' Surely it must be evidenb bo any one bhab had a dying confession, in volving bhe clearing up of such a crime, been mado in bhe hospital, bhe responsible officers of the insti tution would know something about ib.' 