U#kWfiiyJBe.. Peccaries are the piga of Central America, and wSfidefful tales are told ot their proweas. -They -roam the forest ni herd's/ and ''W6e'iDetKle the LuntHr who raetttB~'with them: for unle*sheeati-climb into a convenient tree and pot them one by one from the branches, thuy will reduce- him ^fJ absolute ' rmucemeat almost in a moment ot time. They are fdridJof dssaulting railway trams, and 'dash impetuously forward to meet the approaching moiiBter Half the herd uie killed, ul course, and the train goes unconcernedly on its way ; but' the rest uf the p.icL turn up next day, punctual to the moment, to renew the attack, und so on until but one last surrivor 'is lert to immolate himself in heroic butfutilu pruti'^t against the adient oi 'steam. Then it you want to Kill oS u herd of peccuues (whose flesh makes 'excellent bacon), ihere is only one way lo do it. You muBt he up concealed 'among bushes, m a spot which com mands the hollow log where the animals sleep at night The way ' of the peccaries is to return towards evening, like the Eorty Thieves after one oi ^their predatory excursions, and back into their log one after another, the last to enter — who is generally doomed by the force of circumstances to lie with his head outside— being expected to act as sentinel.- As Boon aa they are settled comfortably down, you take careful aim, and shoot the lonely watcher through the ' head. If you plant your bullet in exactly ihu right spot, lie turns a somersault and gives up the ghost, w bile peccary No 2, in no wise disconcerted, brings bis slumbers to a close and promptly takes his place A second' shot 'follows, and W turns a somersault also,io be succeeded in nis turn by No. 3 ; and so you go on stead ily shooting, uutil the log is empty, and the 'ground m iioiit is strewn with tne dead aud dying. It i« excellent spcirt, only, if once you miss your aim, and fail to plant your bullet in pre cisely the proper place, all the pec canes come at you with a ruab,~afidt liotMng but the utmost agility in tree climbing can possibly save you. So,' at least, the legends iuc. 