SHOULD suburban or country readers of PDNCH experience any difficulty in obtaining the paper, it can be obtained direct from PUNCH Office, Alfred Place, Melbourne. The subscription is 6s. 6d. per quarter, post free. MAYOR M'EACHARN is just forty-seven years of age, and has been twice married. THE peace of Europe costs the Powers 219 millions a year in armies and navies. _ LYNE has been dumb on Federation for a long time, but they have drawn the Lyne at last, and he looks like an enemy. The fact is Federation doeB not seem to offer him a particularly desirable situation. THE late Ernest Moffit, secretary to the Conservatorium of Music, was a decorative draughtsman of distinguished ability, and left behind him a number of drawings excellent in their artistic quality. Professor Marshall Hall proposes to have the best of them printed and bound in a book, with a personal appreciation of the dead artist. Mi$s CASTLES is, without a doubt, superior to what Malba was at the same age, though, of course, this' does not necessarily argue that she is such'a peerless song bird as Melba. Nellie Mitchell was just emerging from the Melbourne Presbyterian Ladies' College, under the literary tuition of Professor Pearson, at the age when Miss Castles takes Melbourne by storm. Nellie had six years' musical instruction in Melbourne from the accomplished Professor Cecchi, besides having a fine organ built for her at home. Even atter she became Mrs. Armstrong it is certain that nobody predicted such an eminence as she has attained. Of course, she was reckoned a fine vocalist, but admiration stopped short of dubbing her great. An attempt at an Australian tour, with herself and the young violinist, Kruse, for attractions, was broken off through lack of patronage. THE committee of the Police and Warders' Stall at the Exhibition take advantage of all they know, They recognised the fact that if the Chief Secretary was to be made spend money freely.he should Bret be made to laugh, so they provided a wax group, representing a policeman "running in" two larrikins. The effect was magical, with the result that Mr. Peacock's presence^was immediately announced to the whole building, and he was soon surrounded by hundreds of assistants, all clamouring to get him to go into raffles. THE cable reports the initial performance and success of Haddon Chambers' latest play, " The Tyranny of Tears," the history of a sort of domestic Niobe done in comedy form, we should say. Haddon gets jam for the ingenuity and freshness of his plot, and it looks as if be had set going another money making concern.'- Chambers' playss have all" been good, from "Captain Swift" to "The Fatal Card," and he has doueremarkably well out of them. The probability is that had he remained in Australia he would still have been an 3 II,„ XT O XKT or four pounds a week, RWNOLD'S - "Othello" has - been so -- pronounced K a - success, in Sydney that we may hope to see it in .Melbourne. People who have seen RignoJd on the boards for years uncountable profess the greatest astonishment over the artistic representation of the Moor he has been giving; a performance that brings out glaringly the meretricious staginess of Wilson Barrett's effort. It is no longer "cold blows the wind across the Moor." The breath of criticism is decidedly warm. HARRY RICICARDS' purchase of Sydney Tivoli and the hotel attached shows that when theatrical managers do make money ihey make it hand over fist. In the profession particularly nothing succeeds like, success, and nothing fails like failure. DR. MATING TO* CAKFYN, according to 4 m correspondent, was ^ the man who introduced Rudyard Kipling to literary society_fh London although Kip a teSHE^SX ful, or over-anxious to avail himself of the pleasures that society might have afforded. Dr. Mannington Caffyn, who died recently, was ati Australian. His wi P 'fe, 1 "' the authoress of Yellow Aster,"acquired literary celebrity soon after their arrival in the world's centre, and poor Mannington h a d t h e melancholy distinction of being labelled "feusband of the * authoress of 'The Yellow Aster.'" .And yet he Was himself a clever writer, superior to his wife in literary finish, -and he wrote • many very fine short stories i n Australia, and a novel, "The Poppy's Tears," that Jwhil J/^T', • al ' h though itdid not achieve h it., xt wouia pay tiie the o widow to try the London market with a col- d lection of those Australian yarns of Caffyn J s. - • . . . TAe Australian, anew m ont'h 1 y magazine, springing from Sydney, is ..kbout due.. • - Great j , : S but c ^ n to m magazine size. < "FORaGovernor,Lord Bra,ssey displays unusual . intelligence," says a cynical con- temporary in an adjacent p r o - vince. True, he usually " turnbles" to most things. JOURNALISM would appear to be very well represented in the most recent Queensland Par liament. Seven of the members write themselves down editors. "SCOTCH PIE" HOSIE was a shoemaker by trade, then kept a pawn-shop, in Glasgow, where the business is fchiefly in the hands of the Irish, and finally came to Australia to start a restaurant. At one time hiB wealth amounted to £160,000| but land speculations, chiefly in the Altona Bay boom, reduced him to the necessity of resuming business after he had retired, as he thought, for life. The Altona Bay transaction was picturesque. It was twice sold at a profit and bought back by the sime syndicate, but the third and last time it remained on their hands practically a dead loss, 0 ... xjr STEWART, like Mr Brown-Potter, no sooner gets a g ood , m London than she breake down m health, and is compelled to take to her bed. Hard luck, when you catch the grippe you • are so likely to lose your grip in the profession. PATWB BROWNE'S benefit at Her Majesty's, Sydney, last week was an immense success. The house was packed, audita loved her, and yet he ii ^P^i a failure. It muBt be i. r^" 5 to find the crowd eii'i • receptions and fareweibT'j® and neglecting their between whiles. Pattet| London at the earliest Th rt ' tUrrj s w bad luck in her nativ,. harder after her LoniS™ ^ii went wrong, and v'J'jgW Williamson and M« f.,, " w , she fell ill and remain.- Done Browne. with his Mep,. lHU)pl)et w, n atulii , George's Ball onemno ^e , verdict is t h T h e S l ^ ^ mayer and evervon/ a the equal of Hermann r!* & nnmeto comnm ! y? ^ft , , ,.•>., "••"I. iiennanfli^ at a fashionable restourant J regret it. The Wizard fi^ noi other fellow, r.w Cutting open l Sa h ' to) Utf diamond ring, and said, " iluilni Nye coolly picked it up and said little things I scatter for the' then gave it to one of the eirfg. much ado to beg the ring back SWEDENBORG, now becoming popularist as Melbourne is concerned V Ferguson, was the founder of the so-called Criticism of the Bible. He led tl " 8, tbe h,8to rising the history in the Old Testament 10 o™ satisfaction all tlio<, Adam and Eve, Abraham, Moses, Jos bwie the idea, "and paved the way for such the way named /or a. ^Strauss and Baur with all the internal Schliermacher, Wellhausen and t« W e ' l e n f v e , know edge of which d must be examined, ca n ? )D ® fche cba "g es *<«. Ti^ beroic action of the Rev MrJ Wesleyan missionary, on theU& nectidn ^ with -all the t0 loss of the L<4 years ago. On that occasion the ft, also a Wesleyan minister, and welii laide and Melbourne, refused tolai boat, and thus exclude some wj tinued lo read passages from the f the vessel settled down, aud i __ sea rose to his lips and prevented 8nee. It is in such acts tbatwe Sf spirit still survives the flight tif t assures us that the Church, no less $ field, has her heroes. And who? man who calmly prepares tomet the open'waste of turbulent walereff brave than the excited soldier i ^ earthly fame or a dramatic deatijlj decides ? THE Ministry, or rather the Ministry, appointed to deal wit of technical education isexperisucinjjj in constituting an outside Board d| to act as an advisory committee 1 J It transpires that the deparh whom several cognate matters me| to get the bit in their teeth audi' the appointment of an aocni* TheBoard will eonsietoffo fivre good men, to be gar RAILWAY COMMIBBIOKEB MAB charged with " bumptiousness other failings, and at a recent 'ft 1 ' is stated that the autocrat of Sp into collision with the Premier, sif moralise on the occasion. For t MlP.'s have been endtavouripgl®! with a viewtoputf ^fficManager Fitzpatricking has been exceptM mining ventures-Chili them—he stands behind a comlw and can afford to resent raj J opponents, A Brisk Advance onPreMW " BOTTER has risen and is decidedly® a strong forward tendency, but ^ irfi quarters is Bomewhat uncertain. "—MMP* Standing Room Only. Young Parly,—"GETTING TEE MOSEV'S WORTH, AIS'T YER, MA'AM?" .other in Sydney t < > some extent. aifi iin-it k Ibiler Wh.-.i 1 to fome Mi' s'Kr. is ti.i; 1 Jits vet fesatiii of her:-' anfl there Land. A'". 1 |„ of ! ' Jl 1 |Mn.i-i:||. il- Twst Hui 1 '' 11 ' _ he will ^ fir, tin rhii lianist ar.il 1 |urg W" :';. emphft'ii'--'-' 1, the !>•"' ^;hni(|i-.i.' Hi" fcaral guts vm,l ,, ?!(J is. "Strong oil's miplit be jit]bur's works, e is under strict f iling and speak- • ir embargo cannot clerical lights ! nvessful authoress ;ine hundred and i.oysaud girls have of them. ''Seven i,=t with a tale of v Australia is not ;,; ;]!• hoy pianist, of •••!• Again, and it is Enable a friend as ; lance, who raised ; |in, h fP-" 1 and made him ,f the •>"-<• day. Ketten • lilted boys. The ii, not made, as there is a disniihout which the ,• l,o Melba without Ins FR-«.FR'« |K.-»rait of himself, by idecidediv the in Australia, the jeinc, l^rliaj'f. <i"»t ° f Lord ^rassey Khibit«d in I In- Melbourne National Roan a while Mr. Fraser gave two nineas for the portrait, and no Ausfplanked down so much for one. Vicionlv regret that they do not possess 0 bv Millais. However, Mr. Fraser •d at the London Royal Academy, and jnnlist declared that he had the " rtlggp.3 look of an A'istralian Crom- 'an advantage for a man to look like (rithout having to wade through any RIEPENTIIAI. challenges Melbourne, as [great pianists, at the Town Hall on Ivening. Although the name sounds |fame extends all over Europe, and his nested by a custom to occupy the whole J Ketten iwil to do, and nobody has there gince on a large scale. Hambourg (if the piano in Melbourne recollection, fe there will In- a goodly throng to hear 1 Dew man (who is not so new as Ham- Ach the niche of that magnificent and BCUIOUS executant, with his fire and pired thump;, bangs and Binacks, his swirls aiong the keys, and anon his •pulling, as of the brook that babbles ODLS Sunday evening funeral sermon i Dr. Robinson, in the West St. Kilda i Church, drew a thronged congregate occasion was memorablo to all who peually the flock of the beloved pastor. ; was not so much a work of art as a i of Dr. Kentoul's feelings at the loss at friend. At the same time, he gave nework of l)r. Robinson's career, and bt be surprising if the congregation i issue of this sermon in pamphlet Is the finest of the kind delivered in a Presbyterian Church since Dr. Dykes fy dealt wit b the loss of Dr. Cairns' ners' Church. sction of Curiosities of Crime shown (ice and warders of Victoria as a )St, Vincent's Fair has attracted con- Mention. It is all that it claims to Rally most, interesting in its scope. 7 model of the gallows, the triangles, kils, hangman's ropes, &c.;, are perhaps Iterest, but they also possess a certain Talueto many people who are familiar 1 of the several penalties of the law, lot opportunities of understanding they are. The genuine Kelly armour; _ of notorious criminals and various lected wuli sensational crimes all help ®8 collection which is certainly the best TO exhibited in Victoria. TENNYSON 1MS now arrived at |\e suggest Dial a paraphrase of his i A Welcome to Alexandra," be to welcome him. Let's see how fncome from m.-r the sea, I, v Halleluiah ! pa Norman alto are ue, P' us British in welcoming thee, ... , Hallelujah! and of fleet! ^ m, thunder;,, cheer of the street! m h Ihl U youthful and sweet: [heblossoms ur.der his feet! H;i'i(-iu jah ! ir ' Iffi? CSfthpi hh™/ B:d with the Mel- J " eaud onl y genuine !; l ' a heroes - This dear Wni a ? m, , t,lju8tnow - His face S f f i h a i r , thin and black .parted do«i, lniddle> is r e m a r k. kdhimSr,';;' '^ fromED S^nd he drawn lnto fer and H, Y several t He ! r pu,S0Q board relieved W managed ; k L p°^°P at a ^ ^ [Being the pathetic experiences of a peaceful citizen going quietly home to his wife and children in the suburbs in one of those awful second class boot- boxes on wheels generously provided by the Railway Department. They are guaranteed to hold ten, and hold thirty sometimes without any guarantee, but are not large enough to Enable a small boy to swing a cat by the tail, nor a kitten either, for that matter. ] PEACEFUL CITIZEN {just before, the train starts).— Come, come, isn't this carriage a trifle overcrowded ? Here, I say, guard ! I paid for a ride, not to be r.idden. GUARD (p eavmtly).—Heaps o' room, governor. Yes, ma'am ; in here, ma'am. In you go. (He crowds a very stout lady, with three bandboxes and a York ham, into the carriage, and tben shuts the door with the assistance of three porters.) STODT LADY.—Oh, me! Oh, my! Oh, please don't push, or I shall—I know I shall— PEACEFUL CITIZEN (with deadly sarcasm).—I hate to trouble you, ma'am, but will you kindly take that ham out of my eye? Thank you, very much. I shall never forget your kindness. STODT LADY (haughtily).—Impudence ! (Pathetically) Will no one offer me a seat''. Are there no gentlemen in this carriage ? HIDDEN M.AHI (in small thin voice).—Yes, madam, there is one down here in the corner under two British workmen, a tool bag, a box of lemons, four parcels of drapery and a battered hat. have my seat, and welcome. WOKKING PERSON.—Hold yer bloomin' jaw ! You may If yer such er blanky torf that yer carnt put up wiff a bit o' orowdin' for a few minutes, why the blanky don't yer ride fust clars, blank yer ? PEACEFUL CITIZEN.—I would be glad to offer you my knee, ma'am, but they are both jammed so tight under my chin that I really don't think I shall ever get them away again, and I anticipate having to walk home on my hands. STOUT LADY.—Oh, dear! oh, lor ! I'll faint—I know I'll fair •,! SMALL MAN (btnenth two foundry hands and a hu'-cher's underst -dy).—Ma'am, will you kindly faint in the other direction ? I'm a weak man with a large family, an' if you faint down here I'll be simply a coat o' paint on this seat. Give someone else a show, I've got my load. STOUT LADY.—Oh, my ! Oh, me ! Oh, dear me ! If I faint I'll sue for compensation. Oh, dear, dear me! THIN YOUKG WOMAN (shrilly).— Where's my purse ? Who's got my purse ? It's stolen ! Thieves ! Police! Fire! YOUNG. MAN (leaning ever her, propped ogainst the wall).—Here, I say, le' go, will you? I ain't got yer bloomin' purse. Le' go my hair ! STOUT YOUNG WOMAN (fiercely).— Leave him be, you hussy, 'r I'll scratch your nasty wizened face for you, so I will. THE veteran Sir Graham Berry has never been himself since his enforced retirement from active polities, and throat troubles have now almost robbed him of the resonant voice that once swayed thousands of votes. His medical attendants fear that he will never speak in public again. His last and only big effort of recent years was a splendid dissertation on State rights at the Adelaide Federal Convention. It was a fitting termination to many epoch-making deliverances. BOY (oil the pa.i c< I rack).—Oh, crickie ! here's a lark. Go it, mist—deal it out! PEACEFUL CITIZEN.—Ladies, ladies ! Come, I say, don't fight, there isn t room for two flies to fight decently in this carriage. Postpone hostilities until you get out and can do justice to your feelings. FLOUKY BAKER.—Yer purse is under me, miss, in your lap. I can feel it quite distinct. It's perfectly safe, miss. HIDDEN MAN.—Oh, for goodness' sake, you, do take that stick out of my ear J Do you take me for an umbrella-stand or what ? SMALL MAN.—Will you please remove that baby off me ? I won't have that baby roosting on my head ! Take it away, d'ye hear ? STOUT LADY.—Oh, me ! Oh, dear ! I know I shall faint! (the faints.) PEACEFUL CITIZEN.—Help! Murder! Help! For the love of heaven lift her up, somebody ; she is crushing me—she is smothering me. Help! Help! WORKING PHRSON.—Give the woman hair, can't yer? Give her fresh hair ! Gi 'e ber fresh hair ! FLOURY BAKER.—Hair be blowed ! Where're yer goin' to get fresh hair here? The Railway Department don't provide fresh hair. GRAND CHORUS.—Kub her hands! Open fcer dress ! Undo her belt! Give her hair ! Clap her cheeks! Burn her feathers! Who's got some vinegar? Help her up—heb the woman up ! PEACEFUL CITIZEN (in O taint,.pvthetic voice) — Tell my wife I died with her name on my lips ; tell her my last thoughts weie of lifer and our little ones! ...Here, it all! who's that sawing my scalpf -'Take way that saw, you gibbering idiot! WOEKTOG^KKKON. —I'll give yer a belt over the jorje if «»er talk'tp me, see ! Who're you, anyhow? For ts?o pine I'd • - I'd— STOUT LLAP'Y (comng to).—Nhere am I? Oh, wbeiro' am IT'';, . PEACEFUL CITIZEN.—On top of my chest, ma am, and I wish to IJgaven'^ou were anywhere else. PORTER (as train pwk vp).—Humphhumphillilobgo ! " — / The door is bpene^'suddenly, and the fat lady and three otherVtTurst out and roll upon the platform. Twelve more get out, including the Working Person and the Peaceful Citizen. WORKING PERSON (in hoarse v hispir to Ptactjul Citizen an they make for the gate^.—Jest come across here an' over outer the green if yer wantin' anythin', an' I'll smash yer nose fer yer. PEACEFUL CITIZEN,—I want nothing, my friend, absolutely nothing-unless it is the address of a reliable undertaker. Peaceful Citizen hobbles home, feeling that his ribs are shut up like a closed umbrella, that his shoulder is dislocated, his legs broken, his toes trodden off, and his scalp tattered beyoud repair. His coat is torn, his collar burst, his hat crushed, and his love for his fellows utterly ruined ; but it all cost him only 2id., second single. SOCIALIST Giassey's victory at the Bundaber? polls is attributed in large part to the glory he achieved by obstinately sticking to his sac coat at Vice-regal and other society functions in Melbourne a couple of months ago. Tom would not get into a dress suit for all the cackle of swelldom, and when he went home and expatiated on the manifold kinds of pressure he was subjected to to break down his "proletariat" resolve, hirsute Queenslanders hurrahed themselves hoarse in his honour. It was a small matter, one u ould think, to turn the stream of an election. Many men objecting to dresi up would have quietly stayed away from functions where dress was a prime requisite. These would, however, have got licked at Bundaberg. Tom knew that; and held his old sac coat as a trump card, eo to speak. There is in the incident a hint for embryo Parliamentary candidates as palpable as a tweak of the nose. SIR GEORGE TURNER is going to have another surplus, and he is looking ''as proud as a boy with a broken arm." But there are better things than a surplus, although many men judge a Governmentby the size of its surplus. PUNCU would rather have seen the thousands of unemployed that haunted Melbourne recently well settled on good land handy,to our markets, and dispensed with the surplus. FROM Westralia the important news is wired ''That the Government has decided to purchase 200 cats in the eastern colonies, to let run wild in the Eyre district to check the advance of rabbits." What! is it possible that the western colony has got rid of all her " wild cats"? Well, Sir John, this is, indeed, very improvident on the part of yourself and your constitutional supporters ! After overstocking the markets of the world for years with wild cats, it looks very bad indeed to run out yourself and have to send east for mire. WHILE everyone echoes that the He \ Hector, or maybe he is now only Mr. Hector Ferg ison in the eyes of the Presbytery, we say while everyone echoes that he only reproduces Swedenborg, nine people out of ten are in a state of delicious ignorance as to who that formidable innovator was. He existed from 1688 to 1772, and his name was Svenberg, nohilised into the other for his hervices to the Court of Stockholm. Unlike all other theologians, he was great at' a practical man, being ennobled for vast engineering works, and as a mining expert he would be worth, perhaps, £3000 or £4000 a year in Australia to-day, if up to date. However, he despised coin, and became a dreamer. His voluminous works are all ; n the Melbourne Public Library, describing what he professed to be his actual journeys through HeaVen and hell, or rather the hells, of which he found several, WHAT an edging and dodging and sly manoeuvring there was in political circles in Sydney.in the latter part of last week. Reid's movements were microscopically studied, and a visit to the Treasury was telegraphed and telephoned argund city and suburbs. Immediately strange figures . emerged fiom unexpected places. Stumped-outold codgers, ex M.L.A.'s, bobbed up with " How*de do, Mr. Reid?" as if the meeting were pure accident. Candidates who had fought a dozen QT so times for a seat, but had failed to cross the bar, knocked against the rotund Premier. Rejected labourites, in new coat and boots, grabbed the Premier with " How de do, George?" And all because Reid had determined to appoint a number of freEh men to the M.L.C. Chamber. This determination acted like a resurrection trump, and every ghost tried to make it appear that he met George by accident. THE members of one company of militiamen who were at the encampment tell a touching story of a little experience which befell them on Saturday. They were being marched towards a given point to do battle for their hearths and homes, their Queen and country, and other valuables, and on approaching a house were ordered to double. They passed the house at a run, and this action was fiercely resented by a couple of angry retrievers, which rushed out after them, following at their heels, and ferociously attacking the line in the rear. The "'thin red line" could not turn back to avenge itself, and no man would stop to deal with the dogs, and consequently the rear rank men bad a bad five minutes, and three or four of them still take their meals standing The back view of the company was so ragged when it returned to the encampment that it earned the seveie censure of a high" officer, who was ignorant of how it had been worried by the foe. JUSTICE MATTHEW HENRY STEPHEN'S notification that he will sail with Governor Beau champ from England and re enter upon bis judicial duties in June has thrown many carefully-studied political and official arrangements out of gear. The Judge is now in his seventieth year, and has been ailing for nearly a decade. Though wiry, he was never robust, and when he left Sydney on his last term of leave it was supposed that he intended to retire at the close of the period. Consequently', political and law circles dealt in forecasts, and even settled a few things in advance. Mr. R. E. O'Connor abandoned the Bar and the Federal platform for an acting-judgeship, which friends assured him would be permansnt. Barton was almost captured by the same bait. The commotion excited by Judge Stephen's going away is thus likely to be renewed in an intense form by his coming back. NEW SOUTH WALES junior bar (as much of it as obtains public patronage) is, above all things, polite to friendly witnesses. A male in such cases iB always a gentleman and a female a lady. This is particularly conspicuous in ths Divorce Court, and Justice Simpson's soul has sickened, and one day lately called aloud for the help of common sense. "I don't think," cried the judge, "that I ever find a man in the witness-box in this court. When has there been a woman here? Are men and women dead ? Counsel produce gentleman after gentleman and lady after lady, while my eyes ache for the old-time man or woman. I won't have it longer and counsel must drop that form of speech." Thereupon His Honour jabbed "man and woman" on the margin of his notes, and looked ominously around the junior bar. But how will His Honour behave when the witness is a 6B. 8d. limb of the law ? Cannot that sprightly fiend demand to be called a gentleman by Act of Parliament ? TINY Jennie Lee, who has fallen on rather evil times, like Irving, Toole, Nellie Farren and Charlie Godfrey, is to have a large benefit in London. Melbourne remembers her well in the everlasting, but ever-welcome, "Jo," with' her husband, Mr. J. P. Burnett, who has become much of an invalid. Bishop Moorhouse gave his approval to "Jo" in Melbourne, and threatened to visit the old wooden Princess' Theatre when the piece was under way, though he never dared to do so. Yet we are informed that Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse have since been visible in the etalls of the Haymarket Theatre, London. Jennie Lee's worry was that she could never get out of Jo, like 8othern with Dundreary, Jefferson with Rip Van Winkle, and Emmet with Fritz. Or, Bhe might be likened to what are termed the one-book authors, such as those of "Robinson Crusoe," "Vice Versa "and "Little Lord Fauntleroy." IN A CROWDED CARRIAGE. 