SUNDAY BEADING. A Missing Sense. "THE FAITHFUL AND THE UNBELIEVER." Splendid Discourse by Monsignor Vaughan. Right Rev. Mgr. John S. Vaughan preached the following sermon recently :— After the first Gospel, the Right Rev Mgr. John S. Vaughan ascended the pulpit and, taking for his text words from II. Cor., vi. 14 (" What fellowship hath light with darkness ; or what part hath the faithful ■with the unbeliever ? "), saidOn Sunday last, dear brethren in Jesus Christ, we made some attempt to depict the difference between a soul in a state of sin and a soul in a state of grace. - It was a poor, un worthy, and inadequate attempt, I admit. Indeed, it could not have been otherwise, for the difference is immeasurable, and human words and phrases, however skil fully handled, cannot convey any true idea of that which transcends the boldest flights of imagination. To attempt to describe the Excellence op the Supernatural in words is like attempting to weigh the ocean in a pair of chemist's scales, or to measure the distance of the furthest fixed star with a foot rule. Still, if we have any true " sense of the supernatural," we can see enough to know that its true value is beyond all values, and that nothing else can compare with it. But, as St. Paul reminds us, there are many who have lost that faculty, and who have fallen into a state of sensual indulgence which hides the things of God from their view. "The sensual man perceiveth not the things of the Spirit." Outside the Catholic Church this blindness is, of course, very common; but unfortunately Catholics themselves are in danger of being influenced by the en vironment in which they live, and of losing, if not entirely at least in part, a proper appreciation of the invisible and the in tangible. Signs of this deplorable blind ness meet us continually. In fact, ex pressions and sentiments sometimes fall from Catholic lips which make us positively shudder. Let me give you An Instance of what I mean. A lady and her daughter were received into the Catholic Church. Some two or three years later certain Pro testant friends called upon the mother and represented that she had made a great mistake in allowing her daughter to be received. Why? Well, because the fact of her being a Catholic would (at least so they urged)* interfere so much with her matrimonial prospects. It may seem al most incredible, but the mother was really troubled. She positively got scruples as to whether she had acted wisely and prudently. She seemed to doubt and to hesitate as to whether the true faith or a good marriage were to be considered first. She hesitated between securing for her daughter Entrance into the One Fold op Christ* and entrance by marriage into some family of title and position. Can one conceive such appalling blindness and ignorance ? As though even the glory of the entire woild could weigh a feather in the balance when compared with the priceless gift of Divine Faith ? I once found myself in the presence of a number of Catholics when the conversation ran on the excellence of certain persons who were not Christians at all—persons who were open and professed agnostics— believing neither in God or the devil. "They are such good people," exclaimed one, " so kind, so charitable, so full of con sideration for others. I assure you, if you only saw the manner in which they helped the unfortunate people in India after the plague, you would say that they possessed a higher degree of virtue than many of us Catholics. Their religion, if you can judge by its fruits, is just as good as ours. I don't' really see that, they are much worse off for not being Catholics. -They manage to be just as good, and indeed better than many of my Catholic friends. They never speak so unkihdly, or so pull each other to pieces, as some of us Christians do," and so forth. This is no imagination. No. I have actually beard such sentiments expressed by Catholics, and really earnest Catholics. I do not pretend to repeat the exact words, but the aboveis the substance of what was said. What an extraordinary state of mind this reveals! One feels so shocked and astounded and so disappointed. And then there is so much to be said in reply that one scarcely knows where to begin. How is one to deal with a person who seems to be unacquainted with The Very First Elements op Catholic Faith and Doctrine ? In the first place of course, so far as the results of religion are concerned, we cannot allow any weight to sweeping and general judgments which are based upon imperfect observations, made on a few chance acquain tances. Wo cannot compare individuals A and B and C, professed agnostics, with Catholics in general. We must make a wider survey. But so soon as we do this; so soon as we compare nations, peoples and races who are Christian with nations, peoples and races who are without any form of Christianity, we shall find that the results obtained are precisely the reverse of what has been alleged in the above or any other similar instance. So much for the -allegation in general. Now to the particu lar case. To start with I should very much question the accuracy of the statement. Firstly, Catholics do not expect much vir tue in an agnostic, and are, therefore, apt, in their astonishment, to exaggerate what ever there is. Secondly, there is a good deal more to be taken into account than that which meets the eye. We cannot possibly judge accurately of what a person is by what one sees and hears. This is impossible in regard to most things, but it is especially impossible in the matter of virtue; firstly, because by its very nature nothing is so interior or so impervious to the senses; and secondly because it is just precisely the most virtuous who are most careful to conceal their virtues and not to let their left hand know what their right hand does. But let us suppose—by no means a likely supposition—that the Whole Statement is Rigorously True, and that the agnostics in question possess all the virtues that are ascribed to them. What then ? Then the whole difficulty has arisen through confusing natural goodness with supernatural goodness; natural virtue with supernatural virtue. An unbaptised man; a man without faith; a man who cannot make up his mind as to whether there is a God or not, and whose only prayer, if he ever utters one, is " O God, if there be a God, save my soul, if I have a soul! " An agnostic such as that may possess a very considerable amount of purely natural virtue. He may possess a great number of qualities which endear him to his friends and secure him a welcome in society, but all these put together are not worth one degree of grace. He may be most gentlemanly and refined; he is perhaps high-born, and inherits a fine, handsome, intelligent face; he has passed through the university and is clever as well as learned; he is a brilliant conversationalist and a scientific writer of pre-eminence. He is too well bred to make himself a bore; he is too refined to say offensive and too tactful to say gauche things; and to these qualities he unites a natural good humor and joviality, arising more from robust health and a good digestion than from any super natural cause, and in a word is a charming, talented, and loveable character. But observe, all this and a great deal more may exist in a condition of pure nature, and without any admixture, however slight, of the supernatural. The man we have been considering, and we might add many more to his good qualities, is really Nothing Better, Nothing More Esti mable THIN A MOST EXCELLENT PAGAN. Your Catholic acquaintance, on the other hand, may have few or none of those natural gifts which render your agnostic friend such a delightful companion. He may be querulous and dyspeptic and 6low of comprehension; nay, he may bore you with his interminable stories, and weary you with oft-repeated accounts of how he distinguished himself when he was a lad at college, or in service in the China seas, or in the army, or at the Bar, and so forth. But in spite of all this and other purely natural blemishes, he is at all events A Phactical Catholic —a living branch that abideth in the Yine, which is Christ—he is in a supernatural state. His body itself has been anointed and annealed, and has become a living tabernacle of the Holy Ghost. When you say your agnostic friend is just as good, and charitable, and generous, you are compar ing, two things . which it is impossible to compare, and you are forgetting the one thing worth remembering, namely, the supernatural—the only point which makes all the difference. The -Scientific Infidel may be the most gifted and accomplished of men; he may speak even with tongues of men and of angels, but unless he be in the friendship of God what is he but " a sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal" (I. Cor. xiii.) The least act performed by your crotchety and dyspeptic friend, in a state of grkce and from a supernatural motive, not merely excels and exceeds the highest achievements of the infidel, but exceeds them in an immeasurable degree. Nay, so far as that goes, the vulgar and uncouth stable boy, who so provokes you because he wijl not doff his ha£ and show proper respect to whit the world call's " his betters," and who speaks such atrocious English; or the Wizened-up Old Apple "Woman, whose wrinkled face time and weather have ploughed and harrowed out of all comeli ness, may be immeasurably higher, nobler, and grander in the sight of God. She may know nothing of science or philosophy, but she knows a good deal about the God who died for her, and His Blessed Mother; while her well-worn beads will win for her treasures that the agnostic scientist wots not of. Such persons may not be the most delightful companions; they may have no thing to commend them but the one thing necessary, viz., Divine grace. To all exter nal appearances the agnostic, the Materia list, the Atheist, the Positivist, and other non-Catholic persons, may be far more agreeable; they may even possess the purely natural virtues in a higher degree, but when we have said all that can pos sibly be Baid for them, we are always obliged to acknowledge that in real fact their virtues and good qualities are all of the natural order, and are incapable (so long as they refuse to unite themselves to JesuB .Christ by grace) of meriting any eternal recompense, any supernatural re ward. The Poorest, Humblest, and Most Ignorant Gutter-Child in the metropolis, if baptised, and in the grace of God, possesses a rank, a dignity, a nobility and a grandeur and beauty — in visible to man perhaps, but very visible to God — which outrivals all the material glory of the universe and all natural beauty, whether human or angelic; for it is a living tabernacle of the Holy Ghost, and a sharer in the Divine nature itself. May God confer upon us the power to see these things as they are, and to contemplate all not with the eyes of the world, but with His Divine eyes. " In Thy light we shall see light." 