A Parisian Mystery Solved. FATE -OE THB EAVENEAUS. . JEALOUSY, MURDER AND SUICIDE. Here's a story from Paris that holds the; plot for a thrilling novel or a sensational melodrama, and, according to the best evidence' obtainable, it's true, alboit a bit French y in handling and denouement. . For a year, up, to last September, Count and' Countess Raveneau formed part of the gayest set in Paris ; they wero seen every where, at the races, at tho opera, the Bois, and in the salons. Raveneau himeelf had been a fashionable rounder for nearly half a century. He was 70 in the year 1897, when he married Jacqueline, When the announce ment appeared in the Figaro folk smiled. Raveneau was old, and his wife was young and beautiful. They called her the Juno of the 'Faubourg St. Germain, Jacqueline herself, came from a noble family; but her people, the Barons Do St. Clair, are better known among historians than among millionaires. She seemed to enjoy the new life she had and gave herself up to it with &\\\ the gaiety of a schoolgirl escaped from her goyeraess. Raveneau was known as a mbnster.of jealousy, but she gave him no oause for uneasiness. On the contrary,' injfre first eight or nine months after the TappeaTanoi» of the couple in Parisian high life her ladyship astonished the gossips by. theapparent coldness and hauteur she dis played toward the men. All wont well up to the time of the summer races. Tken a young Lieutenant of Hussars, M. Do Oourtballes, fell desperately;. in love .with the' Countess, and, though, she rofuseil to notice his suit, . he became so demonstrative that Count Ravenoan challenged him. It'was the 1 usual . French duel. The lieu tenant allowed his enemy's rapier to make a fleBh wound in bis arm, and the thing was over. Two or three days later Count and Countess Raveneau took leave of their friends by card. It was reported that the couple meant to spend, the winter on. their estates in Brittany. ' Ho is going to bury his wife,' said tho young bloods, with a Bneer. The old men sympathised with Raveneau, and all tho women pitied Jacqueline. .'._?' xxowovoi, WJaon, wiwi mu .uupuruuru iu. uio couple all nowB concerning them ceased 5 when frionds of . neither received an invitation to join them in the country ; when even the notary' and business1 .'manager of Count Raveneau was kept in ignorance of his and Mme. Jacqueline's whereabouts ; when finally the public administrator, , in tho Official Gazette, advertised' for their address, alarm Bpread among 'the friends. Letters sent to tho various town and , country houses owned by Ravoneau1 camo back unopened ; Jacque line's parents and ''relatives bogged -in the publio prints for no Ws of their child and cousin; the police! of foreign capitals joined in tho geueral search, but no traco could be found either at home or abroad. :j For a month or so Paris talked of nobody and of nothing but. tho Raveneaus; then, ob the authorities bad taken hold of the matter, other mysteries , began to occupy people's minds, and the old Count and his beautiful wife wore gradually forgotten, Only , Lieutenant' M.. do Oourtballes never relaxed the energy of his search. At tho beginning of November he thought ho , waB on the track of the, runaways, and bogged his colonel for J'xm extended '-. leave ! of .'ab'senopi :. 'A s- a matter of fact, the discovery which he had made was negative.- He' had searched, by trustworthy agents, all tho long lists of landed properties belonging to tho Ravonoau ostatos. ? Thb couple had not visited at either of tho numerous places after leaving Paris : neither had tho Count, drawn any of tho revenues at liis disposal. Of the lot only ono piece of, property had been neglected, and for good reasons; too— Castle Kor-Guivaroh. Ker-Guivarch is a small fishermen's village on the north woBtorn coast of Franco. It lies isolated along the rooky, coast; and as neither railway nor, steamers touch thero the anoi'ont settlement up to now has escaped the fato of becoming a Biimmer rubum iur weary towns people. There , the old feudal lo,rds of Ravouoau built a, stronghold way back in tho thirteenth century. Its ruins tell of, many sieges that made tho old towers tumblo down and swept away .the original approaches. Castlo Ker-Guivarcb, or what is loft of it, stands on a rock about 100 yards from the shore, and can bo roaohod at low tide by a narrow tongue of laud.1 It has still a, fow inhabitnblo rooms, where, it is said, members of tho Ravonoau -family sought rofugo in tho days, of the revolution. M. do Oourfcballes had SHspoclod from tho1 beginning that tho Count had carriod oil his bride to somo lonoly spot, 'and whon ho learned of Castlo Kor-Guivarph he mado up his mind«to follow up tho possible oluo. But his lottors to the village mayor did not elicit any rosponso ; tho mayor can neither road nor write and was probably too lazy to resk tho parson to do it for him. So .nothing was loft .but to go to itor-Guivarch ill porson. After a protracted oanyago journey of thirty miles through a sandy and neglootod stretch of country, M. do^CourtballoB roaohotl Kor-Guivaroh on Nov. 5, with, tho knowlodgo that his endbavours would bo brownod with success, in ono rospoot at loast — success of a sorry kind. The cdaoUman- who had brought him from tho railway torminus was tho samo who had drivon Count and Countess Ravonoau' (to Kor-Guivaroh a oouple of months ago. This is tho way M. do Oourtballos found it out. 'I hopo,' said tho driver, ''you are not going to, Kor-Guivaroh to investigate those old ruins thoro. IC suoh was your intention I.would rathor misa the opportunity for making twenty francs. My last ouBtomov paid mo twice tho prioo I asked of him, but in tho ond I lost moro timo on his account .than his money paid for. Suoh , running to tho'pblico and to tho courts, attending sosBions of tho authorities, and thb judgo said I might bo glad 'that I wasn't arrested as a suspootod murderor.' I ' Murdoror ? Your oustomor isn t doad, ' I don't know,' ropliod tho driver doggodly. ' Maybe,' and tho man orosnod himsolf — ' tho devil took both of them.' ' In tho next half-hour tho lieutenant loavnod tho wliolo story, and before roaohing^ Kor Guivaroh ho hoard it, by way of questioning and of ropolitions, half a dozen times. , ?Count llavonau and» Iuh companion — ho rooogniBod thorn from tho dosoription givon — ontorod upon thoir drivp'to KQr-Guivaroh on Sept. 5. ' T-'ho gontlouian,' said tho floaohman, ' astbuishod mo by snatohos. of his conversation I overboard. Ho defloribod tho rninod castlo ns a fairy palaoe, oomplotcily furniahbd, a dolightful'abotI6.' 'I will bo able to finish my, arohcoologionl siadios in oar t family archives,' ho said; ' and maybe you will return to Paris as the wife of a pros pective Academician, As a member of the Ecole de Chartcs I am promised this honour upon the completion of the werk I have now now in hand,' \- 'The lady remained apathetic, despite these promises,' continued the driver. ' I think sho hardly spoke a word in our long journeyi together, Wo put up at the village inn for the night, and my services wero retained for next day, too. On the following morning T drove the couple to the ruins, which are about; throe miles distant|j^)m the inn, It was low tide, and tho gentleman and his wife reached the castle by way of the tongue of land. T was ordered to wait for them on- shore, and; if necessary procure the assistance of fisher men with their boats to facilitate the return. I' waited four, I waited five hours, the tide came in with a rush, and roturn by land was! cut off. For an hour or longer a fisherman had kept mo company. Ho had his boat ready to row- over the minute tho signal was' given. But no signal came, and no sign of: life. ' When I couldn't stand the suspense any! longer I went across and, remaining in, the: boat, shouted for my customers; No response. ' Finally, though I was afraid, to enter the- ruins, which, as tho people .say,, are peopled: with demons, wo both went inBide and: searched the place from collar to tower. Wo looked into every niche and corner; we'eried. ourselves,' hoarse, we prayed, we wept — all. tot no avail — my customers were gone,, were swept off the face of the earth, and,' con cluded the honest fellow, .' There are said to' be people in Paris 'who don't- believe in the: devil !' . . . . ? , j On reaching the inn, M. do Courtballes Boon learned that not only tho landlord, but the whole population, nay, the authorities themselves, backed up the honest Jehu's tale of terror. . , , ! ' Why was no word of this senttp Paris?' '' Because tho investigations are not com pleted yet ; . wo don't even know the names of tfco parties that woro lost.' ' But from tho description. I gather that the gentleman .was tho owner of the village and the castlo, the Count Ravenoau.' ' He registered under that name,' said tho innkeeper, but I thought it was merely a dodge to escape paying the bill. By tho pro visionB of my leasehold I am bound to enter tain the Count free of charge, and, never having seen our mastor and knowing nothing, of him or about him, I concluded that the stranger was a, fraud.' ? ' : ?'. These Brittany people, aro a cunning lot, and above all hato to part with money. That was probably ono of tho reasons why tho inn keeper- did not follow up the oluo. An absent or doad .master collects no ?rents from, hig property. „' . . ' . M. do Courtballes searched 'the ruins of Castle Kor-Guivarch for ton days, with the aid of a largo force of workihgmon. Ho Bent men with ladders and dangling'on ropes into, the crevices of the. walls and towors and down ? tho chimneys. Ho investigated the cellars for secret ^walls and tunnels. He sburido6*tho fioors^in apartments and corri dors. His search was thorough and system atic. Nothing was discovered, that promised a solution of the mystery. That the Count and Countess had visited the ruins and had not loft them alive, either by land or sea — of that there could be no doubt. The wholo village had seen them go'in, and none had seen them leave. , ' ' '. An incident. reported by a certain fishorman promised some, sort of a. clue. This fellow had seen the man and woman 011 tho western balcony of the tall tower overhanging the sea. ' Possibly,' thought M. de Courtballes, ' this balcony is defective and the unhappy Count and his' wife fell from it to perish.' But the balcony ? proved to be in a perfect state. Its Btohe flagging was apparently sound. ! Its stone railing Bhowed not a single craok; ; .?.?'' After that M. de Oourtballos listened moro patiently to tho ghost stories told 01 castlo Ker-Guivaroh; The villagers knew of half a dozen persons who had ontorod the ruins dur ing the laBt fifty or sixty years, never to bo seen again by man's oyo.' Even in the, near by, manastei'y of St. Brandau ho hoard similar tales, and, tuough' the prior, a learned and experienced man, would .hot tolerate tho suporstituous conclusions of the common people, ho was unable to offer any satisfactory explanation for tho present mystery and those that had gone before. ? Ono day toward tho ond of November, whonM. do Oourtballos sat talking to tho prior, explaining his own theory of tho oaso, viz., that tho Count had lurod Jacquolino to Kor Gu.ivaroh to murder hor thore,' and to commit suicide, tho priost remaikod, ' Ho had certainly somo secret tobjool in taking hor to tlicruinn, for Mb statement that his family urchivos aro kept thoro is untrue, aB you yourself enn tostify. The archives have boon in our library for tho last thirty years, to savo tuoin trom tho damp and from, vermin.' Noxt day}- with^ tho prior's permission,'. Oourtballos bogan a 'systematic investigation of tho arohivofl as far as they related to tho' anciont history of ' Castle Kor-Guivarch and/ its ownors. After wading through miles ot documents, ho at last discovered tho speci fications of tho arohitoot who _ rebuilt the castle for Robert do Ravonoau, Soignbur de Kor-Guivaroh, toward tho oi»d of tho sovon toonth contnry. In tho cstinmto 1000 f ranpB wero Bet down for tho bonofit of a cortain Italian moohanio, ' who fixed tho moving platform on tho balcony in tho Louis XI. tower.' ''?''.' Oourtballos lookod up tho record of tho said Sir Robert, and found that ho boro tho ropu tation of a oruol and crafty lord, who was tho terror of .his onomios and Bubjoots alike. While ho held forth at Oastlo Kor-Guivarch his rosidenoo was known as tho 'houso of mysterious disappearances,' and twice Sir Robert' had boon' Bummonod boforo tho King to dofond himself against charges of murdor — tho murder of mon high in ofiico, who wovo known to havo boon at Oaatlo Kor-Guivaroh but hover returnod. Howovor, nothing could bo proved against him. Now, aftor oonturioB, Oourlballos hold tho murdoror's last will aud tostamont iu his hand, whioh, according to the- tostator's pro visions, must bo oommuuicatod to ovory suc cessive hoad of tho Ravonoau family. Its main article read as follows : ' For the bonofit of myself and my suo oossors, I havo.oonBtruolod, in tho balcony of tho Louis * XL tower of my [rood Oastlo of Kor-,Guivaroh, a death trap, vizi, a moving platform. Ono flagstono on tho oaslom end of tho balcony is safe, tho rest looking toward tho wos't turn about thomsolvos as soon na a hoavy body si-ops upon thorn. In this way 'one may inyito an onoiny or ft braco of thom to tho balcony, and, by taking tho prooautioa io hug tho eastern extremity, sao those hatoi parties, drop to their death, for the sex beneatfr the bajcony/js set; with ragged rocks and the water thereabout^ several 'fathoms deep. Tho viotimB- mllplunge iato the cre vices of the rocks, which hold them fast, and I have never seen one rise again. He who doea will drown anyhow.' .-...? -.,-; Count Raveneau was the head of the family. Doubtless he know the secret of the Louis XI. tower. Ho murdered his wife and com mitted suicide, being coavinced that his crime would be buried with hjm, M. de Courtballeg has engaged divers to search the sea for traces of Eis beloved one, ' ?- 