I AN ELOPEMENT INTER KIT PTE D. The elopment of .1 married man with the wife of a resident <tf Clunes. at present employed in Western Australia, has caused some sensation Jiere (telegraphs the. dimes correspondent of the Melbourne "Argus" on Friday). Both parties have left young families behind them. The male offender is a young miner named George Brown. Flis companion had recently received cer tain moneys, and thus pecuniarily equipped the pair ieft by the . morning train early this week. The wife of the one and the creditors of the other immediately set to work to ascertain tlieir destination, and careful enquiry elicited that the fugitives had taken passage under the name of Thompson by the steamer Leura from Mel bourne for Sydney, sailing 011 Tuesday af ternoon. Action was taken to detain the steamer at Queen sc J iff e, where the vessel was boarded by the Queenscliffc police, armed with *a warrant, for Brown's arrest upon a charge of wife deserti-on. Accused and his companion were accordingly lan ded, and the former was lodged in the local lockup, next day being remanded by the Queenseliffe Magistrates to Climes, wherfe he arrived by the 9 p.m. train in custody. .-1 warm reception awaited him, his com panion having previously alighted at < .'res wick. -About 200 people of both sexes and varying ages had assembled upon the Climes railway platform, and as soon as Brown appeared he was assailed with a perfect storm of hooting and groaning, a . rush being made to get at the accused.. the fact of his befng efficiently guarded by his escort, joined by the local police, alone protecting him from personal vio lence. The'crowd, however, followed him to the police station, abusing him all the way. This nioiriing he was brought before Messrs. ft. Nichol and George Chapman, J.P.'s, and, on the application of Mr. II. L. Lazarus, who appeared for Mrs. Brown, ac cused was further remanded, for a. week, bail being allowed in two sureties of £50 each and himself in .£50. The creditors of accused's companion are reported to he taking action to bring a charge against, tier of obtaining goods under false pretences. lift I hursday week Messrs. A. Me IlonyJd, J. rl\ Monis. W. .1. Blacker, aiid1 ' J. Javingstone, ..VI.R.V, visitor! the «Jovern meat .J'roduce Depot at Port Adelaide. They were accompanied by the A'ii u isi:er .if Agriculture, Tlon. R. Buticr. who with blie Manager of the Depot, Mr. R. \V. Skeving t.on, explained the alterations and additioni now in progress for (lie coming lanibb.g season. At the time of the Visit there ■were about 137,000 rabbits stored ready foi export, besides a small quantity of oibei produce. The Customs receipts from July 1, 1899, to July 15 amount to £21,522, or an in crease of £1,389 over the sa.me period ot the previous iinancial year, while the ex cise duties have produced £1,071 or an ex cess of £175. The si amp duties total £1.605, or an increase of £142, and the land and income tax £783, or a falling off of £1,148. We are requested to correct a wrong im pression which may have been created by a reference to the rabbits upon the An la by Run, .which appeared from a country cor respondent in our issue of -Tune 24. We are assured that, so far from any "protec tion" being afforded to these pests, Mr. Dutton has a party of rabbi ters constantly employed, and these, at the end of last summer, had reducedthe pest to a very low ebb. The number of rabbits in the neigh bourhood has apparently been much exag gerated. It. transpires that one of the causes of the recent disturbance.? in Kowloon is that the inhabitants of the newly ceded territory have long heen engaged in the risky hut profitable smuggling of salt from Hongkong and the adjacent bays and islands into Ohina (says an English exchange). They sometimes prepared the salt roughly on the . -she re. sometimes bought it in Canton, and then ran it. up the Canton River, where they landed it at some safe place for distribu tion.-These people thought tha.t their trade would be stopped when the peninsula, be came British territory, and they Ivere also told that their taxes would be increased; and, being reckless and violent, in their habits, they resisted the British oecnpa» tion. In -reply to a question in the House of Assembly oh Tuesday, July 18,J;he Trea surer informed Mr. von Boussaihat <©3,007 , lb. M butter had been Imported fjom De " -1898, to July 1,1899. The quantity the 'produce, ^ Sonlh AuStfalia Smtaty-'df! cream JtnpOrfed Jtom De^ cemb&l;,i!©8;HoJhly;LT8^ -w>e. .^luefyjwi5£4,355. *-31jfe; amount of ilat^on 102>W0;ftlVof- butter : «ntieredj(f<^ home conStf inptidn was%£855 . lla.fid., amlv £435 i0jJi'-dn:ere^mi'l^(S-5^-' mated* |»ii^taie :H^-S4utt^«0iit^iied?$v.. cream on tidiich ;duty %vaB' paid' wa^^3ftot' shown importers, andconseqnentlycouldnotbe recorded by Customs. Qre&xa; was not men yfcioned in the tariff, and therefore came un<ler the lO per- cent. ad valorem schedule. 'Uluty was charged on the current market value of cream as cream atthe time and place of shipment, and not -on the quantity, of butter contained or supposed to be con iainedinsuohcream. ■ Lord Farrer is a prominent CoMenite, and when he speaks on any subject relating to trade he does so as one having authority and possessing the confidence of freetraders. His lecture on "What is bounty goes to the root of that much-vexed question, and with no uncertain voice the great free trader denounces the suggested policy of countervailing duties, or the exclusion-of bounty-fed sugar, as being a departure from the policy- of open ports" which, since the time of Sir Robert Peel, has jproved England's commercial salvation. We have received a copy of the address, which has been put into pamphlet form by Cassell and Company, and issued with the hall mark of the Cobden Club. The railway revenue for the week ended July 15 amounted to £20,738, as against £18,608 for the same period last year, show ing an increase of £2,070. A. correspondent has supplied the follow ing:—Apropos of the speech of the Rev. Joseph King in Brisbane concerning cer tain statements made by Cardinal Moran, this paragraph from the "Christian World" (fliould be read with interest:—"Some time ago, while laying the foundation of a Roman Catholic Church or school, Cardi nal Moran gave what he professed to be n specimen of the "manner in which the London Missionary Society spreads the Gospel in the South Seas. He read from the shipping column of the 'Sydney Mom ing Herald' the manifest of the L.M.S ship John Williams, bound from Sydney to the South Sea Islands. It was something to this effect:—'John Williams, missionary barque, Roger Turpde, master, for the South Sea Islands—10 cases muskets, 2 casks brandy, 5 casks rum, 50 casks beer, 100 cases gin, 10 casks rum, 40 tierces to bacco, 20 cases powder, 100 rifles, &c.;' The Cardinal forgot to say that the 'Sydney Morning Herald' in its shipping column had printed by mistake the manifest of the trading schooner Au Revoir as the manifest of the John Williams, and that the mis sionary stores of the L.M.S. ship had been credited to the trading schooner. The mis take occurred some ten years before, and vet this Prince^of the Church founded on wbut Was a most palpable error a speech of cutting sarcasm to show that the Protes tant missionaries were mere traders in gin, rum, and muskets." On Tuesday two pair of Kakas .(nestor meridionalis) arrived from New Zealand for the Zoological Gardens. The most re markable feature in connection with the habits of the Kea is its carnivorous pro pen si ties. Of recent years these birds have actually killed sheep for themselves. Alighting upon the hack of the unfortunate ruminants they tear down through the ekin and flesh until they reach the kidneys, the fat of -which is greedily devoured. It is semi- nocturnal in its habits. With the earliest streaks of dawn the wild cry of the Kca calling "Kaka-kaka" may be heard. It is from this oft-repeated cry that the bird derives its name. It is an excellent mimic, and is highly esteemed by the Maories as a pet. It frequents the almost inaccessible rocks of the mountains of the South Island, at elevations where only dwarf vegetation is to be found. Particulars of the money-order business tiansacted through the-Westcrii Australian Post-office during the first six months of this year suggest that either the earnings of "t'othersiders" have been less or that a greater number of families have joined tht earning members in the West, and that consequently the need for remitting money to the east has been lessened. During the first six months of the year the total amount which was dispatched from the colony in excess of payments was £153,000, compared with £303,000 during the corre Bponding period of last year. To this eo- | lon'y the amount sent was £24,000, against £40,000 from January to June, 1898, and £80,000 during the twelve months; to Vic toria £09,000 was remitted, against £148,000 in the first half of last year; to Now South Wales £27,000, against £55,000; to Queensland £4,700, against £6,000; to Tasmania £5,000, against £8,000. The Chairman of Directors of the P. and 0\. Company, Sir Thomas Sutherland, spoke thus at the half-yearly meeting of share liolders:—-'"I am glad to be able to say on the present peeasion that, so far as the ac counts run up to the present moment, the balance is one that may be called above par —tliat is to say, the profit and loss account shows a considerable advantage over the profit and loss account of last year, which we were justified in regarding as a good year.. This is so notwithstanding the fact that, as the report informs you, we have to meet some very heavy disbursements during the present year, especially owing to the enhanced cost of coal. It is very satisfac tory to me, of course,- to be able to make this statement, because I need hardly tell you that in a business so extensive as ours is every department of work is not by any means couleur de rose. We have our ups and downs every year, and this year is by no means an exception. I might, for in stance, allude to the fact that the Austra lian trade has by no means advanced as we hoped at one time that it woulddo; but,after all. this is not a matter for astonishment, because Australia is a pastoral country, and its wealth depend* on that condition of af fairs, and as we know that in one single colony of Australia—viz., New South Wales —they were unfortunate enough to lose something like eight millions of eheep in two years, we can easily imagine the enor mous drawback that condition or affairs inuat be to the,progress of business." The following is taken from an exchange: —•'According to a message from Albany, New York, a woman who has begun an action for divorce from her husband claims tii at the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the house and makes her miserable. Jt appears at nights and frightens her so that she is unable to sleep. It comes near to her anul indulges in paroxysms of weep ing, and occasionally it smashes the furni ture. The petitioner's assertions were at tot laughed at, but she persisted m them, and upon being medically examined was ieelared sane." 