CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR ROTES. IPublishrf by GfeeaM Arn&ganentX; I'ASTORS AND EUTDEAVOtJBEBS. Amos R. Wells, in Ins intensely service^ able "Endeavoured Daily Companion," suggests the following for the special attention of pastors:— The young folks an ready to be used, and all you need dxs_pastorE, is to command their services. Try it. They will be glad to distribute notices of the Church services, fV^e them to the hotels, railroad stations, anywhere. They will keep the newspapers informed about all Church doings. They will go on your errands carry your messages. They will visit the sick and the poor if you lead the way. They will testify at your after- meetihgs. They will run a Church paper. They will speak in the Church prayer meeting if a little place is regularly made for them. They -will call with vehicles for those •who otherwise could not get out to the services. They will visit strangers and invite them to the Church. They will increase your club for your Church periodicals. They wili double your Sunday-school -with a zealous canvass. They mil do all this, and much mdre. if ^'ou will only lead them in it. fhe Glenelg rally was a great success. The meeting was held in the Wesleyan Church, and was largely attended. Mr. Riddle, the retiring President, occupied the chair. The report read by Miss Thomas showed satisfactory results, and is an evidence of determined action on the part of the workers. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Summers were as usual commended for their hospitality and kindness. They are always to the fore in all good worics, and we do not wonder at the Glenelg friends highly, commending them. Mrs. tiummers is tiie new Treasurer, while Mr. Preece, we believe, will make a- most .excellent.President. We regret that the name of the new Secretary has slipped from our memory. The President of tie South ~ Australian nion attended, and gave an address. . The Endeavourers will all be glad to' bear of the continued efforts of the Anti-Totalizator League. Mr. Thee. Hack and Mr. C. C. Oldham are the right men in the right place, and few can understand the ncessant labour which is theirs: Who is going to the Convention to be eld ill, England next year? It will be a reat opportunity to travel and learn. We xpect a boat will be chartered for the Eneavourers. As most -of our. readers are ware, the Crystal Palace has been booked or some time, at a cost of about £750. Queensland Convention is in view. The istance is great to -travel, but we hope ome of our iolk will go. ^Onr own Convenion will -be enquired into at the next meeting of the executive. Dr. Clarke may be here. Wc axe not'certain,'out he has been asked to visit us from Japart, whither he is going, or perhaps gone. • We do trust all our Societies will move earnestly and prayerfully in tiie matter of the Master offering.' To give as each one can, that is the idea. A great oppoi&wiiy; is afforded the various conferences for.doing some .practical and highly beneficial woik in regard to tl.C'r various Churches. We would like to see tome-definite, plan adopted :so ~tha£ ilic work o< the Master iniglrt. «an?ed «ut on His teaching, and -that Hie Church might be a living • moving 'organhsaxidhl If the three bodies now working-were to Erst •"•*» T"~iy over, then discuss, — and «—•-«»—v, Bubse-- <3 ue ntly supervise the . carrying out-in: each district ot .a -plan for the revival of Christ's work we fed assured', of-great vesuits. It appears ~ to us — that within the > next year a ''spiritual convention" should lie held in each district, lastiiig-for two ^afternoons and evenings, and preceded- liy a week's prayer meeting. Let there be conferences and discussions, having but one aim, the making of the Church as Christ would have it. This only comes by Holy Ghost guidance > and power. How. much of the conference meetings have been'-set' aside for individual -searehings, individual prayer, and individual refilling? „ This brings us ajs of• necessity ~"to a remark made by the retiring President -ofthe eWsleyan Conference. He-stated that the great problem was how to reach the non-Churchgoers. This is & most grave-error. The great problem is how to" reach the Church. Reach the Church, and through the Church you will reach the non-Churchgoers. Many men try to coat over the continued failure of the Church to carry out her mission. The failure is apparent in many .places. Men in many instances are holding positions in the pulpit, in the offices, in tne "choir, and on the Church roll, who are retarding the progress of the Lord's work. Yes; it is in the Church the problem lies. • II does not lie Zionward. It is of the earth earthy. Non-Churchgoers with any dignity could not attend Churches as many uf them exist to-day. Exeellenc-y of material, finish of pattern in'the clothing of the adherents, pew rents, collections, and the class contributions, to say nothing of the endless visits for dollars on minor ^matters, are beyond the reach of the poor, the wretched, the forsaken; yea, ana the earnest, honest, hardy toiler. There is such a thing as feeling one's position, and the Church of to-day makes it keenly felt bv those who cannot give. The meekness of the Christ and his followers, the hardship, the suffering, the anxiety for others, tne self-denial, the teaching and preaching for Christ's • sake, the living in the simplest humble manner—where is it all to-day? Hardship has given place to"direct comfort, and simple power to mental calibre. We ' implore those who are for -Christ and the Church to pray, petition, and diligently seek the Lord's direction as to how best to get His kingdom extended in TTig way, and altogether removed from those conventiona- lities which will not—no, which cannot— allow the operation of His Spirit. ' The Camnbelltown Mission is'still being carried on by our Evangelistic .Committee: It will soon be ended so far'as the time allowed us is concerned. It has been" an object-lesson to us, by .which..we-shall, gain much. We trust others may gain also. The Quorn and Port Pirie rallies will take place this month. The President of the S.A. Union will attend both, and it. is earnestly hoped that the coming year may be a very bright one for both Unions. The very successful campaign which has been carried on during the past "three' mcritlis at Athelstoue was concluded last Thursday evening. March 2, by a most enjoyable social. There .was a large attendance, and the seating accommodation of the little Church was taxed to its utmost. Many of those present came from Norwood, M.tylands, and Magill, all being heartily welcomed, indeed the pervading spirit of peace and goodwill could be distinctly felt all the evening. Mr. Delehanty, who of course is nio~t thoroughly in touch with all the friends up there, mad charge of the proceedings, and gave an encouraging addrev-s. expressing the hope that in future the Athelstone Wfedeyan Church would be conducted on model lines. 'Mr. Wells,'from Ma viands, also spoke, as did Mr. Toshach, both being listened to with pleasure. Refreshments were handed round, and received their full share of attention, and indeed merited it. At the dose of the evening Mr. Delehanty called for volunteers who were willing to help at the services which are being carried on at Campbelltown. A good show' of hands followed the appeal; which evidently gladened the heart of the Oh airman, judging by the beaming smile which overspread his countenance. We most sincerely hope that the great work which has lieen biegun at Athdstone will not stop because of the cessation of special services, but will continue to grow and prosper, and that the new Endeavour Society will be the means of doing much good for "Christ and the Church." 