(author's rights rbsbkvkd.) LOST AND FOUND. A ROMANCE OF THE DESOLATE REGION. CHAPTER XIX.— Continuep. By BOBT. P. WHITWORTH, Author of " Round the Camp Fire," " Under ihe Dray" " Spangles and Sawdusi, " Uncle John" " The White Woman cf Mundarrah" *'Mary Summers" 6f%, 6fc. Hope after hopeless hope had (led. No foothold could bo seen and tho bottom was too rocky for anchoring. The anchors had both been let go ; the chain cable of one snapped like a tliroad as it caught in a ledge or crevico, and the ship swept remorselessly on. The other dragged. The captain held liis post as a man and a hero should, the officers acted nobly and the ore w, warned liy the fate of their comrade, remained subordinate. But tho cove grew nnrrowcr as we sped down its dismal depth and the roof shelved down until, at longlli, the fore royal mast came tumbling down on deck, followed by the main aud mizen royal mid top gHllar.t nmsts end the yards and other spars, aud by ha<io masses of rock torn from the roof of the cave, which brokn holes in tho deck and drove every one under cover. Then c?me down the top masts and tho foremast, crashing and tearing, and adding to the growing horror of tho time. At length, by Heaven's providence, the stump of the mainmast caught against the solid roof aud held, stopping further progress. Only for that, the Cadyotv Castle would have sunk that night, and no one would over have lived to tell tho story of her loss. Still, all waB dark, and wo could only wait and wait, and hope that the ship might hold together until morning. The iierco stream ruBhed by with a harsh, hoarse roar, rising, rising, ever rising, nnd so forcing our vessul nearer and nearer under water. Hour after hour went by, oh ! so slowly, the mast chafing and grinding as if it would force its way thruugh the ship's bottom, and the water rushing in perfect cascades through the eeatus, for she was fearfully laccrated and torn by the rocks and the terrible strain on Ii>t, until the firBt streaks of morning broke dimly and dismally upon us. The hoarse current still swirled swiftly by, although it seemed to have somewhat moderated in force Our first care was to launch the boats, for the hull was gradually settling. We rijigud a spar and tackle over the stem aud launched, first one of the quarter boate, in which a crew was placed and told to seek a landing place outside the cave. A second boat followed, in which we attempted to place the women and children ; but only one, the wifo of the the parson," could be induced to make th" attempt. She was thrown overboard with a rope tied round her waist and was picked up by the boat. But by this time the ship was sinking rapidly, and the long boat waB made ready to float oil the deck. Men who, oven to save their lives, would not forego their gold and fearing to wait for the long boat, plunged into the waves, trying to reach the boats already afloat, will' their wealth fastened around them and, by its weight, were dragged to the bottom of tho insatiate sea. Women clinging to their children and crazy men io their gold were seen wash ing to and fro, as every sea rushed over the stern and swept Ihe deck. Tho long boat was crammed with all who could gain a foothold. It was partly filled with water, and many o£ those iu her were trodden under foot and drowned before she got clear of the ship. At about eight o'clock iu the morning she floated off the deck and, ere we had got iifty yards from her, the Cadyow Castle, with ail left on board, sunk. (Jne wild lurch, one fearful ehriek that reverberated through that gloomy chasm, and nothing was aecn or heard save the black waters shining like pitch and gurgling along the hroken aides of the beetling rocks. All who remained on board were lost. The last seen was tho captain, who had climbed to the mizen top, and who waved his hand in farewell as ho wont down with the ship he would not leave. His was a noble fate, a fitting end to a gallant life. The boats made for tlio entrancoof the cave, intending to endeavor to find a ! landing place, but the sea had got up and was too tempestuous for our overloaded boat to live in. We had hardly got outside when the long boat, in which I was, suddenly capsizod and I found mysslf in tho water, struggling for dear life. Diving deep under the fighting crowd, I swam as far as my breath would allow me under water —I was always a good swimmor—and presently came up near the boat in which Jim Cragg and some others had taken refuge. Only three ont of forty who were in ihe long boat were saved. The rest fought with the waves a few moments and all was over. We now found ourselves fifteen in two boats, our provisions being a few tins of preserved meats and some salt beef and pork, but no water. This was terrible, terrible 1 Hour after hour we pulled along that rock-bound coast, under those frowning precipices, hour alter hour, and still nothing but bleak, Btenle, perpendicular cliffs, up which the sea broke in thundering masses, falling back in torrents of glittering spray ; hour after hour, until the dim grey evening, precursor of the hlack night, hegan to settle on the restleas, ever- shifting ocean, and we felt ourtelves alone, without food, without water, on an inaccessible iron-boundcoant, thousands of miles from any other land, and lost, lost, lost! END or THE FIRST HOOK. BOOK II.—FOUND. APOSTROPHE. "Water, water everywhere, And not a drop to drink." COLRMnOE. Oh, cruel seal Oh, remorseless sea! whose treacherous waves have engulphed so much of good to much of ovil; iu u-hoso secret depths, far below thy ever-shifting surface, lie the brave, the noble, the beautiful, the vicious and the wicked. Down amidst thy ooze and slime they lie, as silent witnesses of thy dread power, until the "Trumpet shall sound and tho sea give up her dead." Oh, terrible sea I lapping gently on the white shingle in the bright, golden sunlight, or thundering in fury against the eternal rccke. Oh, sea! "in thy calm c melody, in thy storm a stately psalm." Oh, sea! mirroring the white-winged ships in thy smooth bine face, or healing them down in tliy wrath and pitilessly dragging them into thy profound abysses, amidst the horror of darkness nnd tho eternity of changeless rest. Oh, sea! beautiful soa, whose tranquil waters reflect tho pure pale, faced moon and tho myriads of far-off stars, making a now heaven beneath our feet. Oh, feaiful sea! whose huge billows, lashed into fuiy by the riiv, nil.g winds, ronr greedily for prev and leap iu impotent rage skyward, only to fall backin wild contusion, like Titans who would scale the heavens that frown upuu their vain endeavors. Oh, sea! so lovely in thy tranquility, so terrible, yet so sublime, in thy wrath ; my homo so lone, nearly mv grave j how often havo 1 tempted thy trcachorous bosom,but nevermore, nevermore 1 CHAPTER I. LoBt, lost, lost, on the vast expanse of ocean that strelched away, thousands of leagues, cast west, north, south, with no land near save these inaccessible clifln. that shot up far above our heads aud sent out, here aud there, sharp shafts of hidden reef, like horns wailing to gore our frail barks. Fifteen human beings in two small boats, in a sea almost always stormy, without fund for more than two or three days, without covering, except our saturated clothing, without water. What was before ur save lingering to the death that must, sooner or later, overtake us '! Would it not bo bettor to at once do as one of the men advised us, stavo the boats and drown all hands at once rather than undergo the prolongation of misery which seemed ine\italile f Wiser coutiBols and love of dear life prevailed, however ; aud, although wo had all of what provisions there were in our boat, we determined to stick together as long as we could. Hut as the night advanced and the fog settled on the face of the waters attd the cold wind chilled us to the very marrow, the extent of our hopelesB position became more and mure apparent. Some prayod, others blasphemed, some sank into speechless apathy—and so the cold, hopeless morrow broke. We had drifted during the night about a mile from the rocks, which showed dim and ghost-like through the mist. All was silent around ; not a sound, except the low, uuceasiug hiss of the water, or the occasional wash of a little ripple against the boat, as we drifted helplessly aud listlessly away. But suddenly the sun, which is rarely seen in this dcsola'o region, after a struggle with the hazy atmosphere,shone, sick lily and faintly on us. This was something, but very little, and it roused us from the condition of settled despair into which we were rapidly sinking. Cheered by the example of the mate aud <ltm Cragg, we set about another search for a landins place amidst the cliaoi of rock, though with very little hope of bucccss, for the cliffs rose everywhere sheer from tho water. We were notv, as I said, fifteen souls in nil, eleven in our boat,one of the quarterboats, and four iti the other, a Binall one, not much bigger than a dingy. The weather had been singularly calm for these latitudes, where storm and tempest. is the rule the whole year round ; and fortunate for us was this, as, had the sea got up, we must inevitably have been stvainpcd at onco. Wo hailed the Binallrr boat to follow us, which, after a pause, they did slowly and sullenly. The reason of this we knew soon enough. Amongst the four men who manned the boat the demon of dis cord had already risen, the cause being strong drink. It appeared that one of them had brought with him from the wreck a small metal flask of brandy, and this lie had concealed in his bosom. For a while tho terror of the time seemed to havo caused him to forget his prize, but as the cold, raw morning crept on ho had remembered it, and had been seen by his mates taking small sips of the spirit. The othor three had asked hiin to share it, but he had churlishly refused. This had led to a quarrel and, as thny took up their oarB to pull after us, his selfishly taking another sip brought tho quarrel to a terrible issue. The others rose simultaneously, with the intention of wresting the coveted prize from their companion and a struggle ensued, in which the flask fell overboard and sank like a stone, One of the men, as he eaw it drop into ' tho water, made a frantic dart nt it, but missed his footing and, striking the gun wale of tho boat with his head, fell eensclcBS into the soa, at tho same time capsizing the vessel, which was Bmall and crank, and in a instant the other three were floundering in the water. One of them—tho one who had had the flask which had caused the mischief and who was a passenger ar.d one whom we knew as working on '.lie diggings where we had made our money—succeeded in reaching the boat, now floating bottom upwards ; the others, after a few frantic struggles, sank, locked together in the embrace of drowning men. At first we pulled round as for an effort to save them, but this the mato sternly forbade; and, heartless ns it seemed, wo kusw that ho was right, for our boat was already too full and their rescue would have been certain destruction to all. It was a horrible fate; and yet how many of ub afterwards wished we had shared it, when in the long, long timeof miserable existence we dragged out, we prayed for the death that came so linger- •ngly, yet bo certainly. Yet to leave the one who clung in desperation to the bottom cl the overturned boat without an effort to save him, at least, was more than we cauld do, eo, after some consultation, we dragged the poor wretch into our ark of refuge, taking tho boat in tow. Better bad it been for him, for us, for mo in particular, had we then left him to poriBh, better; but no, my fate, although I know it not than, wae bound up in his. Mine was the voice that gave the casting vote that saved his life; mine was the lifo that, in after years, he shrouded boneath tho dArk pall of crime, from remorse of which I have suffered, still suffer. Let me here state who and what he waB, as I know him then. What I knew of him afterwards will appaar in due course. Ho was a Swede, named JoBeph Born, a middle-aged man, a man gloomy and taciturn j one who had been of the first on our diggings nnd who had left just before the. fire on the flat. He was a iniin I did not like ; a man, in fact, whom nobody seemed to care much about, and.whom I had not seen since his departvre from Fiery Creek until I met him on beard thiFuay we sailed. How his fate b came interwoven with miiicthiB history will show. CHAPTER IL 0 I REFUGE. , Hours did we pull along those beetling cliffs in a vain search for a landing. Hour after weary hour of cold, hunger and thirst, until night again shrouded us beneath his sable wing, and we lay under the lee of tho islands until morning. Our sufferings during these two nights and a day of intense misery can never be (old, and the despair of some of the men became so discouraging to ihe otlierB that we, who had kept up our hearts, had to hrcaten to throw them overboard. Jim Cragg and the mate behaved nobly. So did the poor woman. Ill the morning we opened some of the tins of meat, but. found it impossible to retain it on ourstomachs. Only four were sjood, and wo had one p:ecc of pork. In the early morning, impelled thereto by Jim aud the mate, we again proceeded on our hopeless quest. We had, during the previous day, come across the long boat floating bottom upwards, and her we had also taken in tow. Little Sid we know doiug so that on her depended our chance of life. The weather was singularly oalm and j the water smooth, and at about eleven o'clock in the forcnuou, the tide being then just on the turn of flood, we came abreast of a rather wide opening in the cliffs, into which, after some consultation, \vc decided to venture. It wmb a desperate chance, for the water, although slack, was still running down tho gloomy chasm at a rate that struck terror into our hearts as we entered But tlioro wob no other hope, tor we bad scanned the entire coast, and there waa no place of foothold even for a bird, that we could find. Wo ran down tho passage for a>:out a mile, the tide rip boating ub rapidly on and a heavy swell breaking on both sides of us. At this place we saw that the passage divided into two arms, one running off to north and the other narrowing into n deep chasm, full of shelving rocks and broken water. We therefore elected to take tho northern one, which at the point of separation boiled round and round in a violent whirlpool tluvt threatened at every moment to dash us against the rocks. A few strokes, however, carried us into smooth water, and we found ourselves in a land-locked bay, with what soeraed to bo a shingle beach of about hundred yards in length a quarter of a mile ahead of UB. TIiub far we were safe, and although beyond tho little beach, from which the black rocks appeared to rise perpendicularly, wo could see no landing place, and even whou landed there, no nieauB of scaling the forbidding precipice, it waB wonderful what effect even that small mercy had on our minds. Some shouted, some~laughed, others wept and embraced each other, in the rapid revulsion of feeling from black despair to fresh hope of life. Tho hope waB faint enough, for what wore we to do cooped upon that narrow Bhelf of boulders and shingle, without food, without fire? Certainly the scene in our little inland sea was not bo dreary and forbidding as it had been outside, for beyond the rocks and along the ravineB thnt cut boldly into them to the northward, we could see heavy forests of stunted timber and dense undergrowth. BesideB that, the entire plaoc was olive with seals and sea lions, which plunged boldly from the numerous little rocky islets that lay scattered around on every hand, swimming and playing around us and gazing curiously, with their full bright eyes, on the strange creatures who had come to disturb tboir solitude. It waa a strange scene and,as we rested on our oars to survey the new plnce we had got into, it impressed us with a deep sense of lonlineaB aud awe, Hemmed in by towering cliffs, that cast a black shadow on the smooth, still water on which we floated, it seemed as if we had bocn suddenly aud by some wild freak of nature imprisoned from the world without. " We were the firBt that ever bunt ; Upon that silent sea." There was not a broath of wind, not • sound, to break the awful savage solitude, save the occasional plunge of a eeal into the darkly Bhining water ; and even that, as it echoed hollowly against the overhanging clifls, only seemed to render the silence more silent, the solitude more profound. A short pull brought us opposite the shingle bank I have spoken of and, steering boldly betwoen two huge boulders that opened into a narrow cove, our boat waa soon gently grating on the shelving Btouy bottom. After so many hours sitting in a constrained position between the thwarts of a boat, exposed to cold and our feet covered with water, for she leaked so badly that it took us all our time to keep her free, it was only with considerable difficulty and great pain that we contrived to crawl ashore; but, by chafing onr stiffened limbs and moving aboui. on the. rough shingle, we soon were able to haul up our boats and to set about making a fire, which was our first care. Nearly all of us had a few matches, but they were wet, or at any rate damp, and therefore thoroughly useless ; aud it was when we had wasted neatly all of them in vain attempts to strike them, that weawolrs to the horror of our position should we fail to succeed in obtaining a light. We found that amongst us we had only Beven left, and it waB necessary to liuaband our resources. We had collected all tho dry twigs and leaves we could, but the larger wood was damp, and an attempt to obtain fire in the aboriginal fashion, by placing the pcintof a stick in a hole in a piece of wood and twirling it to and fro between our hands, was a failure from this cause. Match after matoh of the few remaining ones was struck, sputtered, and refused to burn, until we came down to the last. Sick at heart and despairing of soul, I turned away and wetit behind a projecting lodge of rock, for well I knew what hung on that trifling morsel of wax and wick. A thing worthless in itself, but to us of more value than all the gold that had gone down in the ill-fated ship, yea, than all that lay at the bottom of the sea; for, without food, without fire, what could we do but perish miserably of cold, even although the raw flesh of such seals as we might be able to kill should save us from canabaltBin. It wae a fearful moment—a moment fraught with such momentous results to all ot us poor wretches gathered round that one last frail tneans of obtaining fire,light,warmth, life itself, in fact, that in my bitter agony I fell on my knees aud called aloud to Heaven for mercy in thi* outline of dire need.—Tob*Coniihuzd. L I I 