My Grandfather's Will THE IRON KEY. OHAPTEIt XXI (continuod}. WHAT waa that sound again on .tho other side of tlio parliiion ? Whatovor it vas, Colliver liad not beard, {or lie wae musing darkly ond loukiug fixedly at me. ' N'", I will show you no mercy,' lie answered quietly, ' lor I have sworn to show no mercy to your race, and you are the last of it. But listen, that for a few moments before you die you may shake off your smug complacency and learn what this wenlth is, arid what kind of brood you Trenotretlis nro. Dog ! The treasure that lies by Bead | Man's Kock is treasure weighed with dead men's . curses and staiat-d with dead men's blood—wealth won by black piracy upon the high seas—gold for which mauy a po'r soul walked the plank aDd found his end in tho deep waters. It is tressuro sacked from many a gallant ship, stripped from many a rotting corpse by that black hound your grandfather, AmosTrcuoweth. You guested that ? Let mo tell you mcie. ' There is many a soul cryiug in heaven for vengeance on your raco; but your death to-night, Jasper Tienowetb, shall be the | eculiar joy of one. You guessed that your gratdfntber had " crimes upon his soul; but you did not gueBB the blackest crime on his account —the murder of his deareBt friend. Listen. I will be brief wiib you, but 1 cannot spare myself the joy ol letting you know this much before you die. Know then that when your grandfather was a rich man by this friend's aid— after, with this friend's help, ho had laid hands on the seoret of the Great Buby for which for many a year he had thirsted, in the moment of his triumph be turned and Blew that friend in order i_ to beep the Euby.to himself. ' Thai fool, your father, kept a Journal—which no doubt you have read over and over again. I)id he tell you how X caught him upon Adam's Feak, sitting with this clasp in his bands before'a hideous, graven stone? That stone was cut in ghastly mockery of .that friend's face; the bones that lay '..'Beneath it were the bones of that friend. iThere, on that very spot where I met -your father face to ./ace, did his father, Amos Trenowetb, strike down my father • Jialph Oolliver. * Ahi l'g bt » 8 beginning to-dawn on purfilly brain at last! Yes, pretend g -to' protect the old priest, who had Ifejttjby.ihe'atabMd'my.father with e^ery knife fonnd in yoor father's J^'Vengeaiire -npon si; _ tie istill reeking knife to her ji^eftHp^eKwprat- . Ah, but r a p t ; r p u i n a r k ! what. Wide ?< * * naiioaaun^*' *»•, ' Let me go on. As if that deed were not foul enough, he causod the old priest to carve—rbeing skilful with the chisel—that vile distortion of his dead friend's face out of a Luge boulder lying by, and then murdered bim too for the liuby's Hike, and tumbled their bodies iuto the trough together. Such was Amos Tieuoweth Are you proud of your descent ? ' I never saw my father. I was not liovn until three months after this, and no! until I was ten years old did my mother tell me of his fate. ' Your graudfathor waa a f .ol, Jasper Tremweth, to despise her: for she was young then and she could wait. She waB beautiful then, and Amos Trenoweth himself had loved her. What is she now ? Speak, for you have seen her.' As sho sfoko I teemed to see aga'n T^T yellow f JCC, those awful, soulless eyes, and hear her lough as she gazed down from tho box upon my dying love. ' Ah, beau-y goes. It went for evor on that day when Amos Trenowelh spat in her face and tauu'ed Ucr as she clung to tho body of her husl and. Beauty g o', but revenge can wait; t.-night it has come ; »to-i:ii:ht a thousand dead men's ghosts shall be glad, and point at your body as it gres tossing out to sea. To night- but let me tell the rest in a word ort«o, for timo presses. How I was brought up, how my mad mother — for she is mad on every point I ut oiio—(rained to the sea, how I left it at length and becomo en a-torn.y's lierk, ell this I need not dwo'l upon. But nil this lime the thought of revenge never left me for an hour; a< d if it had, my mother, would havo recalled it ' Well we Bottled in Plymouth and X was bound a clerk to yourgraudfather's attorney, still wilh (he same purpose. Thoro "l loarnt of Amos Trcuowtth's affairs, lut only to a certain extent; for of the wealth which he had so bloodily won I could discover nothing; and yet I knew he pos'essed riches which make the heart faint even to think upoD. Yet for all I could discover, his possessions wero simply those of a struggling farmer, his business absolutely nothing. I was almoet desperate, whe one day a tall, gaunt and aged man stepped into the office, asked fur my employer, and gave the name of Amos Trenowelh. Oh, how I longed to kill him as he stood there ! And how little did be gueBB that the clerk of whom be took no more notice than of a stone would one'riay strike bis descend ants off the face of the earth and inherit the wealth for whioh ho had told his soul—the great Buby of Ceylon ! • '.My voice tiembled with hate as I announced him and showed him into the inner room. Then. I closed the door and''listened. Ha was uneasy about his Will—'the fool—and did not learnt oooughr—enough to wait patiently for years and finally to track Ezekiel Trenoweth to his 3eatb.r • ' It was about this time that I fell in Lto. In this as in eyerylhine through life I have been cursed with the foulest luck; but io this as in everything else my patience has won in the end. Lucy Luttrell loved another man named Bailton—John Bailton. He was another fool—you are all fools—but she married him and had a daughter. I wonder if you oan guess who that daughter was ?' He broke off and looked at me with fiendish malice. ' You hound !" I cried, she was Janet Bailton — Claire Luttrell; and you murdered her father as you say Amos Trenoweth murdered yours.' 1 Bight,' he answered coolly. ' Quili right. Oh, the arts by which I enticed that man to drink and then to crime! Even now I could sit and laugh over them by the hour. Why, man, thero was not a touch of guile in the fellonwhen I took him in hand and yet it was he that afterwards took your father's life. Ho tried it once in llombuy and bungled it sadly ; he did it neatly enough, though, on the jib-boom of the Belle Fortune. I lent him tho knife : I would have done it myself, but Iiailton was nearer ; and besides it is always better to be a witness.' What was that rustling sound behind the partition ? Colliver did cot hear it, at an}' rate, but went on with bis tale, and though his eyes were dancing flames of hato his voice was calm novas ever. ' I had siolen half the clasp beforehand from the cabin fl -or where that stupendous idiot, Ezokiel Trenoweth, had dr ppod it. Bailton caught him before lie dropped, but I did not kuovs he hau time to get the box away, for just then a huge wave broke over us and before the next we both jumped for the Rock. I thought that Bailton must have been sucked back, for I only clung on myself by the luckiest chance. It waB pitch-dark and impossible to see. I called his name, but he either could not hoar for the roar, or did not choose to answer, so after a hit I stooped. 1 thought him di-ad, and he no doubt thought me dead, until we met upon Dead's Man's Kock. ' Shall I fiuish ? Oh, ye?, you thai) hear tho whole story. After the inquest I escaped back to PI) mouth, told Lucy that her husband had been drowned at sea, and finally persuaded her to leave Plymouth and marry me. So I triumphed there, too: oh, yes, I lia^-e triumphed throughout.' ' You hound ." I cried. Ho laughed a low musical Mugh aud went on again— ' Ah, yes, you are angry of course; bit 1 lot that pas?. I hare one account to settle with you Trenowoths, and that is euough for me. Three times have I had you in my power, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth—threo times or four-and let you escape. Once beneath Dead Man's Bock when I had my fingers on your young weasaud and waB stopped by those cursed fishermen. Idiots that they wore, they thought tho sight of me had frightened you und made you faiut. Faint! You would have been dead in another half- minute. How I laughed in my sleevo white that uncle of yours was trying to make me understand— me—what was my name then ?—oh, ay, (ieorgio Bhodojani. However, you escaped that lime ; and onco more you hardly guessed how near you were to death, when I looked in at tbe window on the night after tho inquest. Why, in my miud I was tossing up whether or not I should murder you aud your white faced mother. I should have done so, but thought you might hold some kouwledgo of the secret af er your meeting with Bailton. so that it seemed better to bide my time.' 'If it be any satisfaction t> you,'I interrupted, 'to hiuw that bad you killed me then you would never have Ijid hands on that clasp yonder, you are welcome to it.' ' It is,' he answered. 1 1 am glad I did not kill yi u both ; it left your mother timo to seo her dead husband, and has given mo tlio pleasure of killing you now ; tho treat improves with keeping. Well, let mo go on. Aftir that I was forcod ti leave the country for tome time —' 1 For another piece of villainy, which your wife discovered.' ' How do you know that? Oh, from CJairo, I suppose ; however, it does not matter. When I came back I found you, and struck again. But again my cursed luck stood in my way and that damnod friend of yours knocked me senseless. Look at this mark on my cheek.' * Look at the clasp and you will see where your blow was struck.' 'All, that was it, was it?' he said, examining the clasp slow y. ' I suppose you thought it lucky nt the time. So it tves—for n,e. For, though I made another mistake in the f gtlint night, I got quits with your fri nd at any rate. 1 have chafed often enough ct these fail ures, but it has all come right in the ond. I ought to havo killed your father up -n Adam's Peak ; hut ho was a big man, while I had no pistol and could not afford to risk a mis'ake. Everything, they say, comes to the man who can wait. Your father did not escape, neither will you, and when I think ol the joy it was to me to know that you and Claire, of all people ' But I would hear no more. Mad as I was with shame and horror for my grandfather's cruelty, I knew this man, notwithstanding his talk of revenge, to be a vile and treacherous scoundrel. So when he spoke of Clare I burst forth— ' Bog, this is enough! I have listened to your tale. But when you talk of Claire—Claire, whom you killed tonight- ther, dog, I spit upon you; kill me, and I hope the treasure may curse you as it has cursed me; kill me; use jour knife, for I will shout ' With a dreadful snarl ho was on me and Bmote me across (he face. Then as I continued to call and shout, struck me one fearful blow behind the. oar. I remember that the dim lamp shot out a streak of blood-red flame, tho cabin was lit for pqe brief instant with a flash of fire, a "thousand lights dined out, and —then came utter blackness—a vague sensation of being caught up'and carried, of plunging down—down (TO BE CONTINUED.) 