THE critical examination of the systems of compulsory land purchase by the Go vernment in New Zealand, and of some of the results of it, which has been made by/the. correspondents- who'accompanied Best,on'his four-to that colony’has certainly demonstrated the wisdom of •those -who eh joined ’extreme caution in tliis colony, before proceeding on the game lines. The very. air. of New Zealand, we are told,: is.rife with rumors of the exer c|soimproper influences, of, the pay r ment of. extravagant prices/ and of the questionable working of/ secret commis sions in conhection with the purchase .of a “d, and- ; illtist'tative. of the dangers of grave abuses" of the power which the sys tem has .placed(in/ the./hands opthe Go-, yernment.—Barliamenhlias-not- beenper-' mi tied to exercise; .the salutary check which it should have upon the, transac tions: There is a. land purchase board; which may: or may not be pliable and amenablo to tho (political influences to which it owes its appointment; but, there dops not appear to be even a semblance of. independence on its part from the Go?-; vernment, wliichyeservos to!itself the ul tiinato dceision as -to every transaction recommended, and whether' it shall bo' c^ned’qut;of ; rejepted: Judging by the; consents of some of the New Zeninlvd' papers; very improper! influences are al lowed, to. sway tlie .Government,-even if tho.boardbeproofagamstth'eni,- andthe' political agent is becoming conspicu-. ons in. ,the: systqm/ of jand/, .trafficking.-: Soni'edarge and'impbrtanffp.urchnses, iri-, de'6d]' are'statedito iiave h'een'effectpdjiOii at any ratertho prices td-havd/been fixed, by ,7a n seller 1 and the land -board. One notable -case is finally agreed to" until a special envoy—a £^d-:ana u nntedT!WeUuig^n^'/!bb!*'3E> sands ofipounds in: commission., .Tho pro fits of this middleman wore more tliah tho profits of, 1 perhaps, all the middlemen for the'sale'of; wheat and.wool in a large district'. heed iiqt ; pqint out,” adds a critic of the transaction, “ that sellers generally recognise the desirability of making friends with .the Mammon of Un righteousness, and hence tho middleman selected is of the; ‘ right color.’ ?■' ALib eral’ intermediary can better advocate tho increasing. of the price.of .land; and \- more effect, -than a so-called Con-. servative agent. Indeed; we hear that one intermediary is to receive what was onco considered a high honor in New Zea land—a. call. to the Legislative .Council." In one instance the Land Purchase Board recommended the purchase of certain land at £2 10s per acre upon the teport of a valuer whose inspection seems to have been a very hurried one, and within less than a year another estate adjoining it, of better quality and highly improved, was acquired for'private purchasers for £2 2s per acre. .The'difference in the prices,; paid represents a gain, of . very nearly £3000 ; to! the seller of the inferior estato to the ’Goyernment, as compared with the terms, obtained by the vendors of the better one to a private dealer. The favored seller, it;is declared, had paid 10s per acre for his land, and had not im proved it. A bank held a mortgage over it for £BOOO,-but-considered it-so-unsatis factory a security that it called the money ih/and-it was hot until the Government seemed likely .to. become a purchaser that the holder of a second mortgage guaran teed the barikl 'The. Government even tuaUy.'fbbk over the estate for £18;660. \- The method,, of, ensuring ‘ the, purchase comprised allthe artifices of the political wire- puller//-' To- bring the Government to the scratch,urged/-the owner, Mr Douglas, “ a petition- will be necessary,” and. a nephew" of Mr Douglas, holding a promi nent position in the' Government Stock Department, was;.it,is.'added, interme diary'.between; his uncloandtho Lands Department' "and' the. Minister, oij Lands': In - the only . letter produced <i of: .many which had passed? between uncle and;ne-: phew, the uncle urged the nephew, to tell the Minister that he had other offers for the property (no such offers were subse quently proved)' and ascertain if tli'e'Go vernment was going -to-“ bite.” It is ad mitted that the jjyidence, adduced at an enquiry which was imperatively demand ed in the' I cas'e l ,did,‘hot I ,disclose corrupt dealingj-butj-ib-isvery.-resfe.onablyr viewed as! showihg';a;<haste and;;car<desmess uri ascertainingthewaluo.of.theestatejWhicb displayed 1 if- rthey had 5 been’’ purchasing with theur-.nwtt'mohey:', i‘ -Tlie.jarid"was duly for 'l occupation under perpetuaL.leasq in-1894',' and at- the last report; there'were’ 122o‘acres;still"unlet. As £74l'-rents paid'-'m l the'(year there were -rents;tOjthe..,amount;,of £604 in. arrear, p and, thedand. pfficer reported tliat tho settlers were "complaining that their rents'-Were too, high!? ’Noris this an isolated instance in;which the.advantages of the comp.^b^'.phpclksje > .apd settle ment system liave-Been called in ques tion. In more’than one' other case the Government has been.compeUed to follow up the ad vances to settlers,, remissions of rent, and other concessionsi 7 The .compulsory pro vision .-imdtself.'seems;to he superfluous. Voluntary vendors ..were,,.as (might have been expected, enough to treat State cdffers at its-hack, pfaise r the'Value of their land for taxation purpose'having ;regard-to the 'possibility of thnGpvernmentheing disposed tojbuy it at some time.nt value thus indicated. lii/Rfis notYto Be. denied fthat some of the' ''transaction's ' effected have been! above reproach,(J and ;:followe'd' ib'y satisfactory,r(»ultt';'!b.ut one or/bpro cost results/’/ The; main. question fat'? issue -is whether the isVsiifficientiytguardedc’: hailing) the ajjL land' board, composed‘of men combining rare capabilities as judges. of:land with unimpeachable „ integrity^, and,, absolute imperviousness to-Ministerial and other politicahpressurep.wiU l there' not always be grave danger of-serious abuses of tho power to ! doinphlsoniy;acquire land from a reluctantjvendor, ;or extend: undue con sideration to , one-anxious, to sell ? Im partiaUy.inj:estigated.ancLdispassionately New Zea land.experiment,-atthisearly-stage of-its trial/will hardly ijustify;Mr.Best'iri -'colnr ing to is altogether prudent? or safe istry the power of pur . chasing,neither by-fayarCoffby : compul sion, property,. ffom.j.whpmspgY-er, -they will, and disposing, of; it on such terms as they.jcho.ose Shbuld.:h'ecessity. -for- aw^ such r system ( arise,p'nd‘the 1 heed has cer tainly. notjyetrbeen demonstrated]'its ap- r , plication l will'-require^"to bo checked by greater -safeguardsthan iit' has. been in 1 New Zealand. 1 !l .; ! : : - 11 > • Jruii n<n‘ The Phmhix-Foundry 'Company'' have : been'once, more successful! in. securing; a tender for 4 lbe."mahiMnctur‘e! or' lo'comotiye engines, the. '.ComMssioner (of Eailways having-accepted the company’s .tender .to 'build ten locomotive bogie engine- and ten ders, Jat i Ji34,335.::: The i department, sup plies the-wheels, axle fittings and ma terials, so that tlio engines will each cost about '.£4500/.. The, .first one. will; be de livered in about, eight mouths.... - - .. The second, day's play in the match be' tween the ; Australian Eleven and the M.C.C. was'entirely favorable to the visit ing team, who at the drawing .of stump's . appeared tq."have a big mortgage on the game'. The Australians first innings , reached,, a total, 0f.352, runs, of which, that consistent. , and brilliantperformer Hill was - responsible for. 132, Darling, be ing tho l - next higher -scorer, with 71 to liis credit. The bowling honors —foT.-.-^-the—"-Englishmen—.- were carried off by W- ,G.v.Grace, who captured three wickets.for liruns, liis.victims being Hill, Trumper-and Kelly.' A word of praiso; is :clso duo to the English wicket keeper, Board, w - ho only allowed the bat ting .team five, sundries. The M.C.C.. being 107 runs to the bad on the first innings started their second innings,' and at the close of . the day were still three runs in arrear, and had lost four valuable wickets, Warner/ Grace',; ‘Gunn,/ and Wynyard. Townsend being not out with 23 runs to liis .credit. A : report of the game appears in another column. ...a . Owing to a mishap: on the Bacchus Marsh line yesterday the Adelaide express had to make the jouniev via Geelong, with the result that it was three-quarters of an hour late 7 lui-airiving' at Ballarat. The engine of a ballast train that left here at 2 o’clock'in the'afternoon, broke down at Millbr.ook, near Egefton, owing to the leading axle breaking. The engine' could not be driven, and the long line of trucks remained onthe lino '-.till nearly 7 o’clock, completely - blocking’ the traffic in both' directions. The news was telegraphed' to : Melbourne and,.also] to Ballarat, and an ’engine and .trucks with a gang of. men Were sent..to Millbrook as early as pos : sible,,tb (clear, the obstruction away. The ihaHast trucks’ were, removed and: run on ,to a siding •. at: Millbrook, <but the engine '.itself was a'great source of trouble, and? it j was not until four hoiu-s’ work bad Keen! | done that 'the liue was cleared. ''Mean-, j while- the-Spencer; street authorities re ;cognising''.th'at!to 'delay, ■thb 1 Adelaide'ex ! press until nll was 'the Bacchus j Marsh .;r6ute.;,itbiild chuse;inconvenience, j the wh6!,e].Jeq'gt.h:pf-; tho.line: throhgli'ithe^ colony,, deciasdftaktieStffctOhTthe train by T the-longer-route,. and the- line_via .G eelong was cleared .with but ilittle trouble,, and as the tram travelled’ that 'way.'’ The express arrived at 8.10,- .and was sent bn its journey from here at 8.30.. The Bac chus 'Marsh:-line ■ wasclearcd 'in..tiine- L for the 'ordinary, 7.10 train via that route to Melbourne to leave without delay, nor was tho 6.15 ordinary train from Melbourne, which arriyesr fhere;at ilO;. o’clock, thrown out of its regular-time by the mishap. Tho cause of the breakdown of the bal last engine is. not known, tthough station officials'described it as being-due to; a, fective wheel or axle. .The passengers on the express were somewhat astonished at that train travelling via Geelong, .a thing which has not. occurred for a considerable time. The train'; carried, the ; English mails and a large number of passengers. ■ Although a very fair.; quantity of rain has fallen during the last three or four weeks, it has not been sufficient ,to appre ciably affect the level of the lake. Up to tho present the,showers have been com paratively. light, and a heavier downpour is required, when the ground is thorough ly saturated, to start the drains from the common running to any marked extent. The ghost scare in Ballarat . East, al ready referred to on. several occasions m 'The Star,” appears to be'assuming a somewhat serious-aspect, a large number of people having been startled by the mis creant, who makes his appearance in somo dark place in a little frequented thoroughfare attired in a long - cloak painted with phosphorus. The hideous nppenrnnco of the alleged apparition is in tensified by a large head-piece, also out lined in phosphorus. On Tuesday night a boarder at the Earl of Zetland hotel was walking along. Queen’s street when the “ghost” made its appearance, and fright ened him to such an extent that he ran ail the way to the hotel mentioned, where he arrived almost in a state of collapse. A child: in, Hopetoun street has also been seriously frightened by the senseless mas querader, and has suffered from convul sions since, Tho water levels taken yesterday'at the reservoirs were as follow:—Wilson’s Eeser voir, 16 feet 4 inches; Beale’s, 12 feet 3 inches; Eincott’s, empty';'Kirk’s,' 13 feet 5 inches; and the Gong Gong, 36 feet. The levels; have risen during' tlie past .week 1 inch, 2. inches, and 5 inches,_in_Wil_s_on'B, BesJe’s,' and tlie Gong Gong, respectively, while at Kirk’s Eeservoir, where the week’s supply was taken from, the -water, has sub sided 6 feet 3 inches. The rainfall'record ed for the week ending yesterday was as follows •—Wilson’s,''43 points;? Beale’s, ’42; and, Kirk’s, 41;- as compared with 48 points, 55 points, and 50 points respectively for the'preceding iweek, -/'' The hearing of the-case of Dempsey and party - - versus ' Strachnn' and 'party, - ..in which; £500; damages;,.are claimedjfd.r a!-' leged; trespass :on' 'h;minih'g].tenemeiit at Pennyweight Elat, was continued ;before Warden .Tobns, P.M.-,' yesterday, and; last, ed the whole day. The .'plaintiff; Eobert Dempsej* '-'finished'].his .evidence find was excused from further attendance! owing: tb liis being unwell. The other members of plaintiffs party,: Edward ' Petersen ; and William Speedy, also gave'evidence,' and threo or four witnesses wore, examined.' At 5 o’clock the .cburt adjburhed' until 10 a.m. -tprday,,-Considerable; .time was;:taken up;y.esterday by the l legal' gentlemen en gaged in the: case'"in: arguing ’law points, with which the case bristles. ' the City Council financo committee, the most (important business to:be disposed-of -vVillihe’tne.deal, ing with the tenders, for (leasing the'City 0va1.,. It is, least .one,.and probably' more](./offers, ? : will jbej-’s'eht-.'ih;: whether theso. will (be- Bufficiontiy-iliberal will be for the comniitt'ee and the council to decide'/' J; ;-■? ."j?.,!-:• The monthly meeting ;of : .tlie ; (BaHarat Presbytery was- helcL at:St:-: Andrew’s Kirk buildings yesterday./.■There were present— The'fmoderalor; the*:Eev. u d7 A. l Forrest,; in tho”chair,/ and-the Eevs:;E.’'Gfay ;(clefk)j C:'’Ebhirisori; v C."'CSmer'bn ? ;(W/ jFfaser/ Cj A. Eraser,; ; T. -E. Qairns,; A.-Adamson! (misl sionary '.from: 'Qorea),'- and Messrs!? S.ohtor fison, .1. Paterson, W. C. White, and .T: G. :M'Gowan.!!.‘An ! apology for : Unavoidable non-attendance'was 1 received frbmVthe Bey: .U-Weloh", of Ballah.'P?ho;!Eey.'[A ; : : Adamsbn was, t,on ; ‘the - ’ motion ~'of.:, the, ‘ Eev. 7T, qKj. Cairns,, cordially,- welcomed!' as; a (visitor/ Tho clerk annouriced-that the ecclesiastical year of the presbytery’ha'd; closed,'and’on liis,.motion'?the.'Eev.j.Jj 8! Drummond, of Garngliam,, jras/iappbihted.imoderatbf ;in sncfeessionr'tb' tliV ’Rev:’ J; . A,. Eofrest,inf Buninyong.’ Mr Gray complimented Mr Forrest on' his successful term of offie’e, and the latter,appronriatelyjresponded, nnd thanked tho'clerk for the guidance lie had received from him. “The terms of office of the elders’, commissioners representing.-the various congregations in the presbytery had also expired, andrMessrs S.; Morrison, E. Eeynolds and H. s[. Greaves were appoint ed as representatives of St. Andrew’s, Eoke woodi an’d B'uiiinyohg congregations 'respec tively. Authority was'/givon to the clerk to receive other commissions . from, the various 'congregations ah they were' fort warded. At the request of the Eevs. .C. Cameron and;:Wtr.Efaser; Ithe respective conveners of the state of religion and tem perance committees,(it.was,agreed, on the motion of the? clerk; to hold'a'united con ference 'on tlieltwo subjects in? August/'The Eevs. W. Eraser/C/Cariieron, J. A. For rest, and Messrs S. -Morrison and H. M. Greaves ,\vere.appointed-to open ; the ; con fefence:’ A meeting of gentlemen interested in tho formation of a company to lease the City Oval was held last'night at Lester’s hotel; ;Mr S.'Seward presiding/ . :Owing to the'absence'of other gentlemen who' are taking stepsr in a similar direction, and whoso presence was expected, no definite action was,decided.nupon,-.as,,it-was felt that if possible both parties should act to gether. An effort .will.-b.e made to obtain the attendance "of tlie'members of the se cond. party.at a meeting, to, be held at Les ter’s ffibtel'thismbfnirg,' at il, when'some course of action..will, have to be. decided upon, as-'-iondere'-must be’lodged by 1 o’clock to-day. The aotion of Mr~.Tr H. Cook, M.L.A., in visiting country branches .of the ..Aus tralian'' Na tives’"Association as'-a? repre sentative of the board of directors and making attacks upon the Ministry, there by introducing .party politics, is disap provcd-.’of'by/tlievAllendale, branch-of the association. At a meeting of the branch on -uonday night it' was decided to direct the attention. of, ( the board of directors to tho matforl 1 ' MV ” v Tho amount of time monopolised by a few speakers at the-Presbyterian General Assembly was drawn attention to at the meeting of the Ballarat Presbytery yester day by Mr S. Morrison, who said that the practice.of.nome,of,,the speakers to each occupy twb‘hours-'of the asseniblv’s time in speeches was exceedingly wearisome, and ho asked if it could not,be stopped.(.,-He thought half an hour/was-qiiite long enough lor any man to speak'upon aiiy- subject in the /nssembly.: .Nearly the whole of. the talking at I these gatherings was • done by halta-dozea- men’ representing metropolitan, congregations,-and(the country representa tives were thus debarred? from speaking. The Eev. E. Gray said the matter had been placed before the assembly:bj-. the Geelong representatives, and ii .change was made in' tho standing orders to remodv the evil, but without effect. Ho had gone to the trouble of timing some of the speakers at the last assembly. One man spoke no less than 53 times, and a two hour’s speech was not uncommon. On one occasion a Melbourne speaker had occupied two hours and a quar ter. and he endeavored to curtail that gentleman’s remarks by calling “ time,” but the speaker simply rested for a few seconds- and: then started again. 'He evi-' dently considered it delightful to turn on ! the current of his eloquence, carrving, as it did, so much enlightenment to’liis be nighted'brethren from tho country. The Eev. T. E. Cairns said lie had felt irritated at tho manner tho business of the assembly was monopolised by six or seven men. He ‘knew cue very able country representative who had not had an opjjortunity of speak ing for twenty years in the assembly. Mr S. Morrison gave notice that at the next meeting of the presbytery ah overture be forwarded to the assembly / protesting against the practice complained of.? Mr Seeley, the well-known contractor, wh?.. still lies! at. the Hospital, suffering from the effects of his recent; severe acci-' dent, was: yesterday slightly easier, and tho doctors arb now' hopeful of his re cover}', which,- considering ’ his advanced age, will necessarily be slow./, Tho progress of ’the temperance move . ment in .the Ballarat district was referred to at tho.meetihg.of the Ballarat Presby ter}- yesterday by Mr H. M. Greaves, repre soutntive of -tlie- Buninyori" coiijjrcgation.’ Mr Greaves considered that temperanco'was not making satisfactory progress in Balla rat, in fact it appeared to bo in a declining condition.. ' The great revenue, collected monthly from the. consumption Of'beer in the districtAyas shown by statistics to he increasing,. sard ho thought, tlio presbyter}- should fight against the drink traffic and its disastrous results with renewed vigor. The Eev.' E. Gray'?in refemiig'to.the-increase jin.the, amount received in, beer dut}-,:ob served -that perhaps people--were drinkin"' more beer and less whiskey; but"this was .deemed improbable, by. Sir (Greaves, who iu continuing his remarks,' said he felt ven ; pleased at the /fact that the presbytery Uhd /agreed to hold a conference-on the temper'- ; ancq; question .'in , August 1 next.'. He would like somo minister of the. presbytery to a(l -> dress; a meeting at. B.unihyong- on; the sul)- •ject. jMtjS./.Slorrison? thought, good.-pro-? gross had temperance cause,-as'-was illustrated in theysuccessful endeavors';that'luid, ;been ' -made towards erecting a tomperaiice'hall in Ballarat, for wh'ich'ohject was/.an amount of ,£lOO in hand:'‘ The temperance advocates and workers for the movement had-enconntered many adverse circumstances, but happily the tide was-now-!turhihg in'favor of the movement, being carried out more effective ly. -The moderator, the Forrest, also 1 expressed. his. hope. that the subject would be' warmly taken up:" ii-young man was charged at the_ City Police Court yesterday, before Messrs Johns, P.M., Murray, Elliott, Morrison, and Coutts, J’s.P., .with larceny bailee of a bicycle, the property of VVil liam Leech. Formal evidence was given that the accused had hired a bicycle troni Leech, stating that ho was going to Pit field, whereas, instead, he went to -Mel bourne, where lie pawned-the machine tor £2. Ho was-on his return arrested by Senior-Constable Purcell and Constable Falkiner, and a remand was now asked tor and granted for one week. Accused was allowed out on his own surety of £25 and another of a like amount. A meeting of. the committee appointed to arrange for the banquet to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the City branch, N.A., was held last night, at the asso ciation hall; Mr A. M. David (president) in -the chair. It wn3 decided to hold the banquet in the hall on Monday, 10th. July, and the price of tickets was fixed at 3s 6d. Amongst these whom it was deter mined to invito to attend the celebration are the Chief Justice, the Premier, Chiei Secretary, the president of the A.JN.A. (Mr Roberts), and several other represen tative' gentlemen. ■ A number of sub-com mittees were appointed to carry out the details, and Messrs D. Walker and W. L. Fishwick: were appointed .. secretaries. Members' of the committee were en thusiastic with reference to the gathering, expressing their: determination to make it the most successful of. its kind yet held: ..-The friends' of Mr'J. C. Williams, gene ral inspector for the City,-will be pleased to' learn -that he lias almost Recovered from, his. recent .seyerq indisposition. rHe is now "able to get’about,, and, if a few days-of-fine yveather v intervened- would tako up his duties again." ‘ The ' Rev? AV Adamson I ,'' who r 1 for Some time has labored as a- missaonary in Corea, gave a highly interesting" lecture in St. Andrew's schoolroom last night .upon his experiences iat .that / country:-! The Bey. T. R./Cairns' occupied fihe'Vchair, : . ! arid - '-'the Rets. Wi: 'Fraser,.:;C. Cameron,’ arid 'M. G. Hart were also_in attendance.'' There was •a • fairly ; large, audience.; ,Mr .Adamson first spoke of .the", sociaLcustoms, concern ing which he gave valuable information; and~als6 sKowed lidw some of them crossed the effort's'of the missionaries. ’ Concern ing ;the religion- of the people, the lecturer also gave interesting r particulars, illustra tive of "the 'superstitions ofthe natives, and spoke hopefully of the result of .mis sion', labors and ,tli9 necessity .for; more laborers in’ the field.' - During an interval • sacred; solos wore very, acceptably, render ed by? Misses - Phillipson and . Morrison. A .collection in aid of the foreign missions wasTespoi}ded : to'liberally. ’. " A dittle’ fellow named/ Claude: Brown, nine years of hge, son of parents:,living in Talbot street, met with 'a painful accident whilst playing at school.yesterday, • Wheh running lie slipped-and fell, 1 his head against" some sharp substance, which inflictedia severe.rwound, on; the. head, ne cessitating his treatment at the Hos pital. ; ’, r;.'; ’■ A man named Daniel M’Carthy was brought to Ballarat last night by Con stable O’Donnell and lodged in the gaol, whero he has to serve a sentence of six months./Hri.: was: arrested: wit Ararat by Constable . O'DpnnelL on. .a . charge of for g'eiy-‘‘arid 1 uttering;, the" crime ' beirief’ 1 Al leged to‘have been committed'at’'Duriolly.' Whem the, .case ; was /heard at ; . ±he latter qourt yesterday, tho ..charge./was, altered to one of imposition^’arid for that offence he was sentenced to six months’ imprison ment, with hard labor. The installation of of Br T. M. Allan as W.M. of St.. John’s L0dge,.N0.,36, and of his officers will take place this evening, at 7.30,0'c10ck, in the;Masonic Hall-',/' • ;'lho Shirer.Couricil of Buninyong- have incompliance; with a request L from,.the citizen’s’ conference opened a register at the Shire Hall, where unemployed’ resi-j dents of that district may" enter ' their nani63 between the hours of 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. on any day "before the 14th inst. Any actually; requiring labor or havmg iirii labor . to. offer .are requested,.-to communicate with~flie shire secretary. — Mayor Elliott desires itto be made known that he was not present at the meeting at Lester’s hotel re the City Oval as a mem ber of either syndicate, but merely to give information as a member of the .City /Coun cil. ... t\L " A laborer named Thomas Heath, who had been imbibing- too freely sustained a nasty faU yesterday, in the lane, adjoining the City/’HaU. His head 1 strudk the ‘kerb: ing, and a scalp wound was inflicted, which bled freely. ' For his own protec tion Constable Slater-locked him up on a charge of being drunk and disorderly. Tho, Rev. Ap Adamson, who has.been eri gagedTor tlie past five' years'in missionary work in Corea, attended the meeting of the Ballarat. Presbytery yesterday; and at the close of the business' gave an interesting address.on Corea, its.inhabitants, and;the progress kind- extent, of the' 'mission work there. He was heartily thanked by the moderator on behalf of -the presbytery' for his discourse. ’•'■■■ " Messrs Jas. Lonie, H. Josephs, and D. G. Dalzell, J’s.P., presided at the Town Court / -yesterday,- I, when a middle-aged woman named Ann Thomas appeared on-a charge of drun kenness. , „ She had four .previous. ,conyic "tine's- recorded against her, and 1 was fined 2s Gd, with 2s 6d costs.’ in’default two days' imprisonment. Another inebriate was discharged as a first offender. Tho grant ing of a carrier’s license to Stephen Hoare completed the business before.the,court.< Tho annual City mayoral dinner wilt be held on 29th June, at Lester’s.holel. , Tlio box "plan for Miss' Ainy " Castles’" Sydney concert, which is to be held on Wednesday, 2Bth irist.,'was opened in that city, .yesterday, and last night., the.<;Rev. Father Robinson, of Melbourne, received word that in two hours no less than 800 seats were booked. ' Wo'havo’ received rorii R. ij.' 1 Nichblls’ and Cos., seed and,plant merchants, 34 Arm strong street, Ballarat," their novelty list ; of plants "arid seeds' for 1899, ’ which con tains 16 pages of new and choice varieties of roses, dahlias, chrysanthemums, fruits, and flower seeds,-etc., etc. The [ist is quite up to_date and speaks well for the firm’s enterprise in importing novelties from all parts of the world, and placing them before their patrons. Tho novelty list and general catalogue may be had free on application as per advertisement else where. * The printing has been done by Messrs J. Anderson and C 0.,, of this wh in their usual first-class style. ' ’ The eighth of the series of studies bv the Henry Howard, on the “Manifesta tions of the Risen Christ,” was delivered last night to a large congregation at the. Aeu street Lecture Hall. 