SK1TG28B. . 8HBIT WARNINGS OF DISASTER. It seems bad enough to seo someone else's ghost; but to lmvo to sit still and watoh your own spook float airily about before you, is quite too unoanny for anything. Luokily, to judge from some of the oases on record, your spirit double only visits you on matters of extremely urgent business ; and when he does look in, it ib well to treat him nicely, :ind take particular uotioe of any hints ho upon them. To show how neoensary this is, a case may ba quoted, whioh tbe writer has satisfied himself is perfectly bona fide. A friend of his, a young surgeon, captain in the Indian Medioal Service, was putting in a few days jungle shooting it the foot of the Himalayan. One night he was sleeping alone in the but — his oompanion having been recalled unexpectedly— when he suddenly awoke with a dread feeling that something serious was about to happen. Turning over verj slowly, for fear of hastening any attack, he looked up, and to hU horror eaw bio own i-peotre standing, attired ia stiadwy garb exaotly like his own, at the bed-side. The apparition gazed at him for an in 'tant, as if to assure itself that he was awake, then raised its hind and pointed steadily at one corner of tho room. Follow ing the direction indicated, the doctor looked and instantly the black head and body of a cobra darted Irom a cranny of tho wall, and came crawling across the inooutit floot to tbe mattress on which he was lying. A gun shot Mew it to pulp, but when the doctor looked to eee what had become of his de liverer, the ghost had vanished. In another instance, a girl, when sitting up into the smalt hours of the morning reading, saw her own apparition ia night robe glide across the bedroom (o a bay win dow whioh stood open, paBS through it, and vanish. The girl was known on rare oc casions to walk in her sleep, and her mother, shrewdly imagining it was a premonition of disaster, kept watch the following night. Sure enough, the girl, . at the Lour of the vision, rose, crossed to the window, un fastened it, and in another second would ukto unu uulicu winy met iu ine ((round beneath, had her mother not clutched her. Less fortunate was a man who, having seen his spirit double, did not take warning. He wae sitting reading at tbe window one evening last summer, when his attention wasattraoled by his dog eudde^'y getting up and rushing to tho front door, where it barked vigorously. Looking out, ho was astounded to see a man resembling him exaotly in face, figure and dress, coming slowly up tbe steps leading to the front door. Half-way up the nguro vanished, apparently into the masonry, and the «xpeclant terrier gave a mournful howl. The next oven ing, returning from business at the identical hour, ho was mounting the steps, when they sud denly collapsed : he was flung into the cellar Ixmcath, and instantly killod. Perhaps a score dramatio instance than jny is one told in the Fire Brigade. A few yeare back a call was received, and tbe ?jDgme waB manned. Five men constituted the crew, but as it drove out of tbe station they noticed a sixth, tbe exact double of a mate who they knew was left in the station. As the engine swung into the road at a gal lop the helmeted spectre vanished into thin air. On their return, the men, pale as sheets, related their unoanny expstience, and, fa- their astonishment, were corroborated by their mates in the station, and among them the double in the' flesh. An hour later a second call came, and the unfortunite fireman, being next for duty, mounted to his seat. Again the engine oorner the wheel struck a post, and one of the^ crew was flung from hit) seat and his brains knocked oat on the cobbled street. .It was the man whose spectre a couple of hours before had appeased aud vanished on the same spot. 