THE MAN AND HIS ■V'.'.KINGDOM.' i By E. FHTLTJPS OPPENHEBL . Author of "Mysterious Mr. Sabin," "Till the Day of Judgment," "The Mystery of Mr. Bernard Brown," ."A Monk of Cruta," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] OHAPEER I. "This is," he remarked, cheerfully, "our fast morning." "I suppose so, she answered •without enthusiasm. • "In a few hours," he continued. you ' will he receiving your first impressions of ! your new home. I think I understood you J to say, Miss Denison, that you were going to live, for "some time at any rate, in San ^ p •pt'.infl. She assented, bhfc without: raising her eyes and with certain indications of uneasi "Ifc is probable," she . said. "My plans are very unsettled, however. It will de pend largely upon—upon— He waited patiently, but she did not conclude' her sentence. Throughout that Hong voyage from England he had no ticed on her part a marked and singular avoidance of any discussion as to her des tination or future. Until this last h'our he had respected her Obvious wishes—he had,, indeed, very little curiosity in his na ture, and her avoidance of the subject was quite sufficient .or him. .Hut 'latterly ano ther idea had occurred to him. San Mar tina was the last place in the world likely to attract chance visitors or - tourists; it was also one Of the least suitable spots on earth i for a woman to find herself in. alone and unprotected. Had she by any chance been deceived in her reports of the place? "I wonder," he said, 'if vou under-) stand the sort of country you are going to ■—what you will think of the life. The sun was very hot, even under their awning. Yet she shivered as she answer ed him, and he caught a strange gleam in her eyes, which he had noticed there once [ before: when some reference had been made to .their journey's end. "If you do not mind," she answered ! slowly. "I would rather not think about j it.. ::I would rather, talk about something | el£>e."~* THe. man's face -was- clouded. -Yet he turned towards her with a certain air of | resolution. , , I "Every day throughout this long voy age," he said, "you have avoided all men tion of the future., You have talked as | though' the day of our arrival at San Mar tina~was the' natural tend"of all intercourse ) between us." ' . . „ , i "That is—what it must be, she mur-1 mured. He smiled indulgently. i "On the face of it," he said, "it is im possible. It is a proof to me ohat you know no'iMng of San Martina. It calls itself a city—it ranks as a State. Yet it contains only eight thousand inhabitants, and there are not half a dozen European families there. How, hew can yon expect that we shall not meet in such a place as this? We " She stopped him with a little gesture. "You do not understand," she said; "it is impossible for me to make yon imder stand." • "Perhaps, he said, after a moments hesitation. "I am not quite so much in ■the dark "as you imagine. Yon may re member 'that on the first, day of our voyage-I picked up a letter which'you had dropped and restored it to you." She gave a little gasp. He could see the color slowly fading from her cheeks. "You—you did not read it?" she fal Ifceced. "I need: not tell yon that I did not," he j answered. "But, curiously enough, ■ as I stooped to pick ft up I saw my own name on Hie open page. Off course, I-looked at it for a moment. The sentence. in'_ Which my own name occurred stared me .in the face. That was all I saw. But it dtruek me-as being curious." ... "Tell me, she begged, "exactly what you "I think that this was the sentence," he continued. "If by any evt chance Gregorv Dene is your fellow passenger—^remember." That is.every word.I saw,"but-you will admit that it read oddly; to'me. "Yon read no more—no more than that?" "£ pledge you my word," he answered gravely. Tf I' could have 'seen . less-. I •would." _ V. ■ She sat quite stall for several momenta with half-closed eyes.Gregory Dene be gan to feel a little uncomfortable. ' "At any rate," he said, "we have had a pleasant voyage. It lias been something to remember." "It has been something—to remembei —always," she murmured. "I had hoped," he continued that our friendship would become a permanent •thing—'that you would alfcw me to visit you when we lauded." She opened her eves again and fixed iflhem upon him. He felt that he had never brtore understood how beautiful grey eyes may be. . "In a few hours," she said, xms voyage comes 'to an end. With it our friendship , •—if you will call it so—also terminates." "You mean that—seriously ?" "I mean it." "Of your own will?" She paused for a moment. Then she an swered him. "Off necessity." • ■ • i Gregory Dene rose slowly to ;his feet and walked away to the rail off the little steamer. For several moments he re mained with his back to her, thinking. The thing was so incomprehensible that the more he thought the more bewildered he became. It was one of the furthermost .) corners of the world for which he was bound, a itiny little republic without his-: tory or any possible attraefcion. for travel lers or chance visitors. The girl who had been his fellow-traveller from England 'had not mentioned her destination to him •until t/hey had left the great ocean liner at Buenos Ayres only (to meet again on the little tramp steamer in which they were completing their journey. His surprise at seeing her -had been great. Of all places in •the world San Yartina was one of the most impossible for a, woman of her age and looks to arrive at alone and with out powerful friends. Had she been de ceived in any way—misled? Her voice broke in upon his jwonderings. "Mr. Dene." - , " He stooped once , more beneath the shabby little stretch of awning and re turned to her side. There was a slight nervous flush in her cheeks. Her soft eyes sought his appealingly. . " Won't you be reasonable, please, she Begged. "Don't spoil the memory of these ■last six weeks! . They will always remain to me the pleasantest^parc of my life—to look back upon. I am a very unhappy and a very unfortunate woman. You will not add to my troubles, will you?"' . . . "God forbid," he answered fervently. "Indeed, I am very foolish, perhaps you mav think impertinent, to ask you so many questions. Only I sincerely- trust,that ypu know the sort of place you are going to. She shuddered a little. . • , "My voyage," ske said, is not one of pleasure." ,' .. • -, "At least," he' remarked, we must ^"That will be," she said 'softly, "as fate directs. Who can tell what is in store for ua?" ' * He strolled away with a shrug of the shoulders and a sensation of annoyance. She was altogether too sentimental and enigmatic. He was not in the least in love with her—he was only a little disturbed by the fear lest she might in some way have been deceived as to the nature of the place for which they were both bound. He had done his best to warn her. The rest was no matter of his. There was mystery about her journey and her desti-1 nation in .which he . himself, according to | that letter which he had picked up, seemed to.1 figure in some hidden and mysterious way. Whatever it was' a few more days j must make it all clear. Till then he would leave it. \- He climbed the steps on to the bridge and entered into conversation with the fat little Portuguese captain, who was j clad in a white linen suit and who held above his perspiring head a green um brella. He had relinquished the care of his ship to the pilot, who stood by his side. Already they were drawing very close to the harbor of San Martina. The captain | was disposed for conversation •' and ae- i cepted Dene's cigar with a florid little out burst of thanks. "The voyages-yes, it had seemed long to Senor Dene, no doubt.. Four days and three nights—yes, it was tedious without I doubt after the sixteen knots of the great English steamer which had brought them from Liverpool. But, - after all, [was it a matter for, wonder?_ San Martina was but. a. hole — a veritable hole—a home for dogs, ho more. Few people, indeed, went, .there,•'■save dealers in horses and grain, and they for the most part were half-breeds, and far from being desirable company for one 'holding"—the little man' drew himself up^—"an official position. It was many voyages . since he had carried an Englishman, certainly never before an Englishwoman, so young and so beautiful as the senorita. ■-.Without doubt, •the senor knew her destination _ and the object of her visit to San Martina. She would be going, of course, to the Presi dent's—whose house else was fit to re ceive her?" The little man's black, bead like eyes, were twinkling with curiosity, but Dene's amiability had vanished. He answered curtly and turned upon his heeL He walked down the deck of the nar row, evil-smelling little steamer and stood onee more before the girl. She had not moved. The book 'had fallen I from her lap and her eyes were fixed steadily seaward. Dene noticed that she had chosen the side of the steamer remote | from the shore which they were nearing, jmd that die kept her face always turned along the ocean path by which they had Come. She moved a few of her belongings from has empty chair by 'her side and looked up at him with tne gfhost of anile upon her bps. "Come,"- she said, "we have an hour or two longer. Talk to me. I want to escape from my 'thoughts. Tell me once more of this Strange colony of yours. Let us talk | of Beau Desir." ! He saw that she was on the point of a nervous breakdown, and, perhaps, for the first time, he: appreciated the 'tragedy of her pale, terror-stricken face. He was ashamed off certain half-formed suspicions which had crept into, his mind, and sitting down by her side they Ml easily enough into one of their long talks. It was one subject'which she seemed never wearing of discussing with him. In the'litle State of San Martina, a day's ride from the city, was a colony of his own founding, consist ing chiefly of men who,- in more thickly populated countries, had found the struggle of life too. great for them. There were men and women there whom he had res cued from starvation, from despair, even from crime. In the valley of Beau Desir they had started life afresh. There was the land, fruitful and virgin soil most of it, and tneir labor. He had brought them to it, supplied the machinery, and there all suggestions of charity ended. From the very first, the scheme had proved suc cessful. They were easily able to raise from the land more than enough for their own subsistence. The profits on the great horse ranclie, which was Dene's special hobby, sufficed for all their extraneous needs. . Dene had been to England to buy more machinery and stock, and to fetch money to purchase the..valley outright from the Republic. * The increasing noise on deck broke upon their conversation. They were in the bay of San Martina and rapidly near ing the dock. Then Dene made his last effort. "It is the end of our journey, Miss Denison," he said quietly. "I am not going to ask you any more questions. 1 do not wish to say anything likely to give you pain, but I cannot let you go without as Icing you to-remember one thing. You are coming as a stranger to a wild, un formed country, where I am afraid you will find what we are used to reckon as civilisation an' unknown quantity. I do not know what connections you may have here, but I want you to remember that at any time a single word or message will bring you a friend." He held out his hand. She looked into his face with streaming eyes. "Thank you," she said, "I -will remem- ] her." Then she hurried from him with strange look of pain in her face and dis appeared down the companion way. Dene looked after her with a puzzled face. The situation was altogether beyond him. Ternissa Denison he had recognised dur ing the first few hours of their acquain tance as belonging, outwardly at least, to one of the best types of English wo manhood. She was young, certairly not more than 25, obviously well bred, and without the shadow , of a doubt belong ing to the same little world as Dene him self, before he bad shaken himself free ; from the environment of social life She:| was dressed always with the spotless and tasteful simplicity of her class, her de- j portment throughout the voyage had been | irreproachable. From the first they had been friends. They had been neighbors at the captain's table. Their after-dinner walks'and moonlight tete-a-tetes on deck had been accepted by their feliow-voy agers as a natural ana reasonable thing. Or-ce or twice they had certainly comj very near to a flirtation. Perhaps it was | only Dene's 1 inexperience, for, as a rule, •women were outside his scheme of life, which had kept them from embarking up-1 on something of the sort. Yet every little i action and speech had clearly denoted that fastidiousness of mind and person which is the one ineradicable trait of | the best of ber sex. She was a well- bred, a charming and a beautiful young wo-1 man. All these things made her present position the more extraordinary. She was I travelling alone to an out-of-the- way little | State where there was not a single Eng lish family,, where'.law and order were I certainly. lax, and where morals were dis tinctly upon the "laissez faire" order. Not only this but as they approached their destination she showed every symptom of unfcappiness and nervous strain. She firmly but tearfully refused to answer bis quostii ns, however delicately put, and she had a correspondent in San Martina who regarded the fact of his being her fellow traveller as an "evil chance." No wonder Dene was bewildered. He walked away presently to the other | side of the steamer and looked out upon the town which was now well in sight. The quay was crowded as usual with a motley throng of half-breeds, natives, and I planters in their white clothes- and huge j broad hats. Behind was the little amphi theatre of wooden houses, painted green and white, dotted irregularly about upon the hillside and in the centre of the place the-more solid buildings, square and white, with flat roofs and sunblinds. In the back ground were the towering mountains of the Estanila Range, between them and the town stretched the valley of Beau Desir. As they slowly backed against the quay, and the bridge was thrown over and made fast, a young man passed on to the steamer, before whom everyone gave way •with servility, if not with de ference. ~ He was dressed in mili tary uniform,, a- long blue coat and white trousers tucked into riding boots. .He was • undersized, he wore a small black moustache curled upwards— his eyes were black, and " his complexion du-sky. He came face to face with Dene, j whose presenee seem to cause him some uneasiness. "Back again, Senor Dene," he said, with ! some-attempt at sauveness. "I shall have | the pleasure of seeing you at the Presi dency. For the present, will you excuse me? Out of the way, you rascal," he added, kicking a sailor who had momen tarily impeded his progress, and hastening on across the gangway. Dene looked after him in surprise. Then he .saw a sight ; which for a moment de-j prived him of his self-possession. Ternissa Denison was standing on the deck as white as a ghost, her lips ranted in the feeblest and most tremulous of smiles, and Rimarez,: with outstretched hands, was welcoming'her with all .the warmth and volubility which seemed to-belong to the man—bhe heritage of his French descent. Dene turned away, with a savage impre cation upon-has lips. This was worse even than anything-which;he had feared. 