LVER LINING. IT iiafl^to ieave the house, abdtli&t; \- o|»e bf the bitterest troubles In pur W® Wetua so love the dearbld place. ; utfifc ii«d to be, for-poorjpaipa's sueees- 'Bor Was "already appointed, It's « (truth that troubles never come Singly. * Here -pre had just lost the dearest of parents, we had to leave our «ome, and ire knew not-what to do, or .where to go. ' .. •. • One thing, or rather two, alone were •certalOj that we must go, and also work for our own living, for when all the little outstanding debts were paicLtlie doer tor for papa, and the last. sad ceremonies, Tve had buttwenty pounds in .sill .the world. People who knew nothing about it isaid it was a shame of papa; by which they meant—for he was the most generous of men-that charity should begin at home; but .papa never could under-* stand. "Sufficient for the, day is the evil thereof,", was his motto;-and he never could keep his hand out of his pocket on hearing of a ease of real distress. . Thus, for the living was but a small *>ne, nothing was ever saved out of his Income. If anyone blamed him, we, his daughters, did not. "Heaven bless him; but •one did blame him cruelly, the only relation we had in the world, his halfbrother, Ambrose Warne, a retired nier . fchant, and wealthy, but miserly, crabbed of disposition,^ He quarrelled with papa for his "extravagant benevolence," and when, during dear mamma's last illmess, papa, being in gteat straits, Tapplied to him for-help, he refused downright, throwing; -as the saving is, his ''foolish charity" ta Ms teeth. - — ; .„ V When papa died, of eourse we told TJncle Ambrose, who, in a brief, business-like letter, offered-us assistance, as, of course, using his own words, "our father' s charity .and benevolence had left his children beggars." ; Elaine and I at once decided we would accept nothing from him. and, in a short, coldly civil reply, told him so. saying plainly we could not be beholden to one who had refused our dear father help in his. greatest need. We quite approved of all papa had done, and were ready and willing to work for our living as he did. • There was our trouble—the trouble of thousands at the present, day. We .were ready- and willing; but where should we find the work? Like these thousands, we decided that' our best chance was in London; so one day. after visiting every corner of the manse, and of the dear old garden, shadowed by the elms where the rooks tonilt, and going through the trial of parting with papa's poor parishioners— Elaine and I, with very red eyes behind our crape veils, started for London, where we had arranged to take lodg- 5ngs with an old. servant who had married well, gone to the metropolis, and in her widowhood increased a smalf annuity by letting lodgings. The good, old soul, -who never forgot we were the vicar's daughters, had the warmest welcome ready" for us, therefore we did not find our new life so uncomfortable as we imagined we should at first. There was a bright fire to cheer us, and a high tea, with some ' delicious cakes, just as Susan, or Mrs Biggins now, recollected we used to have at the manse. J ''•;• - '•" •'•" - "Have you any other lodgers. Mrs Biggins?" asked Elaine, as we took tea. ""Well, miss, I won't deceive you I bare." said our landlady. "I didn't mention it, because really he is that quiet and keeps to himself, that I fancied he didn't much count' I hope vou don't cbjec-t?" "Object?" I smiled. "What right, should we have to do that, Mrs Biggins? iWe begin to know the value of monev I assure you. What is the gentleman?" "An artist, miss. Whether much of a One I can't say though some of the fthings he does do look sweet, and he's poor enough, I'm sure, to be a genius." "Poor," said my sister, whose sympa-: trnes I saw at once were aroused. "Poor, miss, very," proceeded Mrs Biggins, who had been alwavs given to loquacity, which had made papa remark he was a brave man who married her "He's a nice looking young fellow, and. though his clothes is a bit worn, always looks the gentleman; but I suspect that good dinners are a rarity, I do—sometimes dinners at all." "Oh: :i cried Elaine, "that's dreadful." "'It is, miss. But he Is, or tries to look so cheerful, and laughs at his 5 poverty, and says that when his pie- 1 tures sell, as they will one day—that's what he declares—he'll pay baek all my kindness. He Is a nice young man, that he is." • ""4niat is his name?" asked Elaine, interested. "Gerald Warne." "Warne! Why, that's our name." ""eYs, miss, it's funny, isn't it?" "There is one comfort he is no relation,"' said L "for we are in the liappv state of having none. Have you told Mm about usjf" i Well, no, miss; only so far that I had jtwo young ladies, gentlefolks, coining,, for you see I wasn't aware just what jou would care for me to say." "We are very much obliged to you. EE 3rou please we should like you to say nothing of our past, or who we are. Mrs iBiggins, for Elaine and I have determined to forget all about our once having been gentlefolks. If we are. so, people will discover it without our telling Ithem: and, knowing how difficult it is" jto get work, we have adopted for : our motto, 'No honest employment is derogatory.- So we are simply two young .women who have to make our own living.*? I need scarcely say that Mrs Biggins' account of Gerald Warne had aroused pur interest, especially Elaine's. She Jtras just nineteen, slight, graceful of 'figure, a blonde with pretty delicate ICeatures, a wild-rose complexion, and Bunny hair tliat curled naturally over her head. I was four years her senior, Jailer and darker- some called me for my style, handsomer, but that I don't fcelieve, at least Elaine's was the most itaking face. We talked a great deal about our future plans that evening, and a great deal too about our fellow lodger-. Elaine was always coming back to ithe subject, "him> . She wondered .what his pictures were like; whether he really was a genins. Then she Imagined bis bravely working oh tlieih when lie had not sufficient to eat. In fact, she speedily made Gerald Warne put ro be an artistic Chatteron. ~ "If we get on, Lil," she exclaimed* *'we must ask him to tea. We can't .Well send him up a dish of oysters/' "No, indeed, at their present price." I replied, "but you see, Elly, we have, first to get on. - His case may soon be bur case, , and-in one thing be careful; knowing what pity is akin to, don't fall in love with him." "I!" cried Elaine, disdainfully.- "Let •me return the warning. Hark!'.' as a latchkey turned in the lock, "there he as!" • ™ Someone entered and went upstairs. * he inight -almcst be a ghost, for ithe sound he makes.-It does not speak SveJl for theteolesof Msboots/^remai-k- 'fed Elaine.. i The next day we had too much .Jot- onr 'awn affairs to occupy us to ' think *of ' Oerald Warne. There were agencies jto visit, and advertisements- to peruse, a week of which 'heartbreaking wdrk passed frnifleasly. Daring this we had teen Gerald Warne once as he passed -*>nr window. As to being a gentleman Shere was'as little doubt as that he was bandsome and Intellectual-looking, also ithat his clothes were - shabby - at - the -eeams; ujjfortunately, there -was* "no doubt about the"lktter,^pr-that his face iW&s; haesraifi- jniiking appear large and •tnoro/bi £ a pair of da^ handsome -eyes.^ ; iBefore the next week was over ElainC \- ft' I tad both been successful. -She •had obtained An engagement 'In an art dealerV'&nd; -1 found ^ome 'pupils for 0 or i^plri is rwimdcr^ully. elated at JiayiJag .pefcupaSon," indeed! we-had - been Very fortunate, and felt gratefnily fcappx- As to JElairie, Jshe ^speedily; 14 fcuntl, began to invert to <JeraM Warno. "We certainly," jshfr said, "must begin to -think of those teas." 1 own I commenced to feel norcgras about- her. «he iyas always getting. Information respecting him from the landlady*, and it was never cheering infoi^nation. \--,.-.. • • • .. . , , Once Mrs Biggins told> with tears'in her eyes, of a great disappointment he had had in selling a picture. "For the first time he looked t quite broken" she said, "and owned he wanted the money badly. •: . \ • : ' "Why doesn't he teach, or draw, or paint sketches that may sell?" said I. : "He hies, miss, lots of times. He'd do anything/ as *pot- boiters," I- think he calls it; but luck's against him." I noticed Elaine veiy thoughtful after that, nnd depressed. " ; "I fancy we had best move from here," I thought. But. two evenings later. Elaine came in radiant. The cold, frosty air,, or her joy, had made her color dazzling. "I've got some work for Gerald Warne to do," she exclaimed. "Something that, at least, will provide hini r with dinners." : '- It appeared that the art-dealer re- quired an artist to undertake some artwork which needed both skill and taste. "I spoke of Mr Warne," . exclaimed Elaine; "and Mr Morrison «ays he may call." - So a little note was sent up, carefully worded, that it should offend no Chattertonian (false) pride, to Gerald Warne's studio the following morning. The same evening our fellow - lodger.* stood for the first time in our parlor—stood, those wonderfully brilliant eyes brighter with emotion, his figure all of a tremble, his tones unsteady, as he said: "I have come, to thank you; to say how grateful I am; yet can. find no words appropriate to express how deeply I feel your kindness." Then, to my surprise, Elaine, quite sagely, as if years his senior, stepped forward, and taking his hand, replied: "Then please do not try. We quite understand. . Are we not fellow-toilers ? If in that case we cannot help one another, who will heP$ us?" "Mr Morrison tjjldnme he had engaged you, that he thought you very clever, and honed his work would lead to better things. I was so pleased!" She looked as pretty as she spoke. 1 shall never forget the expression in Gerald' Warne's face as he gazed at her. I have heard of a person's "soul going out" to another. Then I saw it. He bent down, and pressed her hand to his lips. "Heaven bless you!" he said earnestly, with a sob in his voice. I knew form that moment that it was a case between them, which nothing in this world could alter. After this Gerald Warne was very often in our parlor indeed; not only that, but sometimes his leaving the art dealer's, by a strange coincidence, would be at the same hour as Elaine's, and they would walk home together. I was troubled at first; but the more I saw of Gerald Warne the more I recog- nised he was a gentleman by birth and nature. Besides, what right had I to endeavor to cheek the love growing so evidently stronger between them? Might it not prove a good thing for Elaine? Had she not seemed,- Indeed, as he said, to have brought him that aid which was to lead to fortune? Mr Morrison had been more than satisfied with his work, and already had introduced him to one or two who had purchased his pictures. It was while our acquaintanceship was very young that, as we three sat talking together, Gerald Warne said: What a strange place is this world, of which people think so little! Things occur in it that make one'lean towards fatalism." Take, for instance, both our lives. JETowI was striving, almost despairing here v while all the time fate was bringing towards me one who was' to banish despair for ever before hope/' . It ; is . very strange, considering that your name,was Warne," laughed Elaine. "A reason that, had you been related to a certain, Ambrose Warne, would have miide us rather your enemies than friends." * "Why?" ,. ' He; smiled. ' , "Because he is our uncle, and a cruel, selfish miser.'-' '•Indeed!" Thinking, as matters stood, he might know our history, 1' told him. When I ended, Gerald said, laughing— "I look like the relation or friend of a wealthy man, do I not?" and he glanced at his shabby attire. So the days went by—happy days too. Winter came, by which time Gerald and Elaine were engaged. It was one evening after this that I sat waiting for her return. The tea was reads'; but I never 'began ^until she came. The weather h&d; set in" with -exceeding severity! There had been a heavy snowfall, a partial thaw, then frost, rendering the streets like glass. That made me nervous when Elaine's usual hour passed, and she did not appear. A dozen times in twenty minutes I ^looked at the clock, and walked from -the iable to the window." j ~ - - - The darkness was coming on,rapidly. Pew people passed; those who "did walk- •ed wearily. One. or tWo fell, but tifere wa^.no sign of Elaine.- -Half;an . hour late! ' This had never occurred before. The state of the weather made me anxious. At last I went up "to Gerald's room to tell him. "Your sister not returned!" he - exclaimed, springing up. "No; she has never been out so late; and the streets are like glass!" I said. -"It-makes me nervous." "Do. not be that; I'll sbon' see!" he replied. \- 'Til go- to Mr Morrison's." Already..he. had.taken his hat; now, as anxious as I, he. ran downstairs and from the house, when I returned to my window to watch. . Suddenly. I eried, starting to my feet, and clasping my hands— ' V ' - - - - "Oh, it's true. There has been an accident!" A brougham had driven up and stopped at the door. A moment I had seen Elaine's white fact inside, then an old gentleman got out and knocked. I flew to the door and opened it. . "Oh, what has happened?"I cried. . "There—there," said the old gentleman, harshly, "don't go making a fuss! Your sister didn't, and she had more cause— you're - Miss Warne, t suppose? Well, you'je sister slipped down and sprained her ankle: there were a lot of roughs about, so I just Risked her name, where she lived, and brought her home. Now, -if you are as sensible a young woman as she appears to be, you'll just come and assist her into the house." I followed him at once to the brougham, and together we helped Elaine, who declared that it was nothing but a -sprain, into our room, and made her lie on the couch. -Then we thanked the stranger.' who had so well played , the Samaritan. "No thanks—no thanks." he interrupted. "She was not quite a stranger to me. F ve seen her often—wet or shine going to work. Xou call it work, eh, or are you too prond?" - "Joo proud to call things by their right names!" I smiled. "No indeed. We are only proud of having honest, work to do.' "I like that," he said, looking into my •face. 'If all people were of your sort the world would get on better. I'm sorry „ I didn't know you before. -1 shall know "you better now. I shall call again." "" He .took his hafc, lQobed arouii5 the xooiri, and pursed his lips, then eaid ab-*- ruptly: - • ^ - "1 may as well teH^you the truth at once. I've been watching you. I liked * that Independent letter you wrote. I like yoa—I'm you® uncle, Ambrose Warne." "TJnele Ambrose!" we cried in amaze, .'.'Xes; l'm ^oing to adopt both JoLyau," curtly. -J?ve a -son IVe turned .out'of flooise' bemuse Jie fe idiot enough to prefer art to commerc-e-^starvatiou to a good Jonjt-" At this instant Gerald entered breathlessly. "Miss Warne. I c-an^nd no trace of gtesne." Ijfi began; then he started back, exclaiming, "Good Heavens! Father!" \- r"What—you, here^-you scamp!" ejaculated the-old; man. r r "Oh, ,sii! : ' exclaimed Elaine, reaching his hand and clasping it, "is he your son? then'if you forgive , us you must forgive him." ; One day, believe me, he- vrill make us all proud of the name we bear." "Will her' criedTincle Ambrose. "When he does that, I'll forgive him." . "Then, father," said Ga.-aid, extending his hand, 'Task neither money nor help. Only let it l»e a friendly truce until that happy time arrives." "Uncle Ambrose hesitated, but finally took his son's hand. And what was the "result? This: The next year all London was speaking' of Gerald's picture hung in one of the Academies. A mouth later he went to study at Rome, taking his wife with luin.wkile I was uncle Ambrose's housekeeper, until—until—we|l s somebody else wanted me to be 'Ms. So, to our dark cloud you see, uncle Ambrose, after all, was—The Silver Lining. 