|| Tlie Spend thrifts. I (Written for the "Town and Country Journal.") i (By F. Slater.) ll . . ........ .. .. -i_j_t- _ In bright fortune's smile there's abundant 'atta- in the ^shadow of doubt-despair,; . And the world moves round in a whirl of Joy, Through the shadows ot sorrow and care. In the Books of Pate there's a debtor's page, ÍTh at is scored to our own account; For the wasted wealth.of our spendthrift days, Where the figures of life amount. ? We have drunk the wines of the sunny south, , Till our hearts were merry with love; : ! We have spun long yarns in the" camp fire light, j With the star-lit heavens, above; ^ t V- We have followed the rush of the. wild, stampede j; With the jingle of bit and spur, But the pleasures of hope, and the sorrows of lifi Have followed us everywhere. We have mustered sheep on the Darling runs, And shorn in the union sheds ; Where the great white fleece of the squatter kings Like an Arctic snowstorm spreads. We have cashed our cheques for a parting glass, Ere we turned on the homeward track; But the spendthrift folly has driven us out ^ To the stations further back. ¡ ; ,; ,, :* '. On the trackless plains of the lifeless west, Where the sun god swoons and dies, . On a battlefield, where the golden spears Are hurled through the blood-red1 skies. We have seen the gleam of the diamond, hills, i And the glow of the rubies red; But the grim, gaunt ghosts of the past were there With the white bleached bones of the dead, .rvv HI We have chased good) luck on the seven'seas, ' Where the wild white horses champ;; And the southerly busters lash the main In the track of the ocean tramp. We.-have swung aloft on the royal yards, Where the storm fiend howls and screams; And1 we ran aground on a coral reef í When we steered for the harbor of dreams. ?:: On the golden leads of an old-time rush i- . . .. We have followed the crimson flag; : ' |, And have sunk deep down where the darkening I' ' ' tíoure, ? . ? . Like the shades of midnight lag. . ' ! ; We have seen through the gloom of the* narrow drive, . i ' The gleam of gold in the face; ' U , : And have heard the creak of the old machines, And the waters rush through; the race. . . Though the years pass by, and we toil and toil, In the grip of an endless strife; From the golden tide of our joyous youth Î Till the silvery age of life, i All the treasured hopes of the past are gone, j And our debts of dishonor grow, As we drift through life like the battered wrecks On the waves tossed! to and1 fro. - ? v For we love the joys of the wanton hours, : ¡'j Though we sweat for the glittering gold; ' And the wage of sin is the fortune stored !? For the life that is withered and old. Oh, it's what care we for the fate of fate, s Whilst the blood-red wine doth flow? s{ When we leave the world as we found it, mates, t For the shadows of "Who may know." i In bright fortune's smile there's abundant faith; ¡j In the shadow of doubt- despair; And the world moves round in a whirl of joy, Through the shadows of sorrow and care. : ! For'the wasted wealth of, our spendthrift days, ,. i Where the figures of life amount; j In th e Book of Fate there's a debtor's page, {? . That is scored to our own account. 