HOLY TRINITY CHURCH ARARAT. Tinvnv Sunday. Thete were large congregations at Holy Trinity Church on Sunday last, Trinity Sunday, when the services were conducted for the last time by the Rev. Canon JI'George. The building wore a festival appearance, being very beautifully decorated with flowers by the ladies of the decorating cuild. In the morning the Rev. Cancn M'George preached an eloqnent and thoughtful sermon ou the doctrine of the Trinity, and in the afternoon bade farewell to the Suodbv school children. In the evening the church was crowded, seats having to be placed up the aisles, and Canon M'George preached a farewell sermon from 2 Cor. mi, 11-14, "Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, be comforted. . . . The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with j'ou alL Amen." The rev. gentleman expounded clearly the meaning of the perfection and comfort referred to by St. Paul and applied it to tbe condition of the church locally Then passing on to tbe latter part of the tevt, dwelt upon the grace of Jesus Christ, to whom man owed all that he possessed, aud the boundless love of God which should overwhelm mankind and tbe fellowship of the Holy Spirit dwelling amongst men, suggestive of the great doctrine of the Trinity which the Church of Kngland throughout Christendom was that daj' observing. In concluding his sermon Canon M'George refen-ed to his ten years' labor iu the parish of Ararat, which was to him full of pleasant memories, making it difficult t j 5ay farewell. He was conscious of many shortcomings, but he had always tried to do hie duty, and when there was respect aud affection on tbe side of both his parishioners and himself the sorrow of leaving was considerably lessened. He commended the people to the care of God and wonld ever pray that His blessing may rest upon tbem. The musical portion of the service was one of the heartiest and moat enjoyable ever held in the church. The choir, with its energetic conductor, Mr Pearce, received the generous assistance of Messrs. Dunn (eupbnnium), K. M'Gibbony (trombone), W. Miller, C. Tyers (cornets), B. Tycrs (E flat bass), and P. Smith (tenor horn), members cf the Ararat Brass Band; and here a word of thanks is certainly due to the band, whose members are always ready and willing to lend tlieir aid to the chnrch. The tinging of the hymns, which was the special feature of the music, was marked by a due regard for expression, the piauo and forte passage! being rendered in such a way that it was apparent that great attention bad been bestowed by conductor and musicians alike. This was most noticeable at evensong, both singers aud instrumentalists s?emiug to thoroughly enter into the spirit of tire music. Mrs Megaw was in her usual pla^o at the organ, and the vast congregation left the church to the strains of " The Church is one Foundation," played by .the band and organ, and general regret was evpressed that the service was ended, everyone fceiog loud in their praises of the bund. The Rev. Canon M'George conducted morning service at the Asylum for Insane on Sunday for the last timo, previous to bis departure for Warrnambool. lie gave a tsuching farewell address, based on the 23rd Psalm, and drawing from each verse Borne appiopriate lesBon, applicable to the spiritual wants of hie audience; be bade all an affectionate goud bye, after having been flmongst them on Sundays and weekly visit, ing days during the last ten years. The choir sang; instead of the usual anthem, the wor3s of thu well-known hymn, "God be with You," Tho Bev. Canou and Mrs M'George take tbeir departure from Ararat for Wairnambool to-morrow afternoon by the 2.S train. 