LOYED FOR HEE SELE ALONE. ; By K, MACDONALD, ,; CHAPTER V.-(Continued.) -f os, I did. But, Blanche,' her .cousin asked, 'is it only because he thinks you are rich that Lord Strath earn wants to marry you'l' 'Of course, not, goose I He fell in »Ye with me at first sight!' 'Still, sooner or later, lie must know the truth. And, then, do you think horn Strathearu is a man to readily forgive, deceit'/' , 'Who dbceived him?' blurted the other. 'I've, never said that I was rich I It isn't my fault if people take up false impressions I Leave it to me, and don't you interfere. I Really, that is the least you can do, considering that my father took you in when you hadn't a farthing to your name, and that, as a reward, you have robbed us Of our inheritance I' Daisy passed over the accusation in Silence-, 'Will you tell me one thing, Blanche ; —la it for his title that you are so , anxious to many him, or do you care ? for Lord Strnthonrn for himself?' 'Of course I care for hiiml' The flush on her cheeks, the gleam of lin-ht in her eyes, showed that, for once, tho girl s selfish heart was really touched. ''And I shall never, never have such a chance again! So it would really be too horrid of you, Daisy, to spoil it all!' I have no wish to do so,' mk\ Daisv quietly; 'but don't be cross, dear, if I ask you something else— Are you quite sure that Lord Strathenrn is worth all the trouble you are taking'/ Do you know anything about his past life? Are you certain that he in true?' And Daisy laid her dark head gently against her cousin's fair one. 'My dear Daisy, how can you bo so ridiculous '/ One .would think you were disappointed at. not being ablo to catch him yourself I' Blanche cried indig . Nfmtly. HBut you can't have every thing, my dear!' And Daisy said no more. What use. could «it bo to repeat tho gasaip which had helped to open her ♦yes? Blanche was too infatuated to .fut her warning dawn to anything save \ jMlousy ? and, aitw all, because he had tired of herself, wns that any reason ho should not ba faithful to Blanche? Next morning, fully recovered from the fatigue of her journey. Blanche went over to Lucerne to call upon her fiancee and his sisters, whom a postcard had apprised of her arrival. Sho did not invite. Daisy to neeompnny her, for which tho latter was thankful; and, as , her cousin had remain ad to lunch at their hotel with her friends, she had the day to herself. She was sitting on the hillside in the afternoon, watching the lights 'nnd Bhadowa over tho lake, on whose blue waters tho steamboat which had just glided into the quay below had left a chain of ripples, when the sound of ? voices— one of which sent her pulses quivering strangely— eame up to her from tho path beneath. ? Before she could escape, Blanche and Lord Stratheavn, accompanied by Lady Maud Strathmadon and another very delicate- looking lady, stood before her. 'Oh, there you are!' her cousin ex olahncd, with a grand air, presenting , her distinguished party, Lady Maud and Lady Somcrs. 'I need not introduce you to Lord Strnthenrn,' she added, with ft sharp glance, 'aa you have met before. Will you ask them' to let us have somo tea on the terrace, Daisy?' ^Yeg, I will go at once and see nbout ?ti But before Daisy had gone many stops, ft man's stride hud overtaken her. 'So it was not a ghost I saw last night,' said Btrathearn. 'I thought it must havo boon,' 'A very, substantial one,' she return ed coolly.' 'So you have onrried out your intentions, Lord Strnthenrn? I congratulate you. Blanche is aa pretty ' as I described her to you, is sho not ?' ''Oh, quite!' Ho smiled, and sho thought he looked older ami changed in tome indescribable way. 'And her bro ther,' ho wont on, after a second's pause, 'ho is equally good-looking, I imagine.' 'Her brother? Rue, do you mean?' ?he asked in surprise. 'Oh, yos ', he is handsome I suppose. But what should mako you think of hirai' 'Am I not walking with you?'— with the same ambiguous smile. 'Miss Fon ton, maylgivo you just#one word of ad vice? When you have a secret again, do not' conh'de it even to your nearest friends. Everyone is not such an ndent as yourself in keeping their own coun sel. In return for your congratulations, I make you a present of mine.'' 'I do not understand.' She gazed at him with a puzzled look, 'On what am I to bo congratulated? And what has my secret to do with Rue?' -( 'Too late I' He laughed sardonically. 'Toil forget that fiances are supposed to have no secrets from one another, and that wo are at present at the idyllio stage. Don't be too angry with Blanche for betraying yours to me. I assure you it is as safe with me as——' 'Then you know? Blanche has told you?' she interrupted quiokly. 'That you are engaged to marry my future brother-in-law,' he said, with a little bow. 'Forgive her'— as he watch ed the soorching color. (Was i,t shame or innocent confusion, he wondered?) 'She did not realise, perhaps, your rea sons for keepiilg it dark. And to one of the family, after all, surely the mys tery may be divulged,' ? 'And my reasons?' she demanded quickly, 'What do you imagine those to have been?' 'My dear, young lady' — he shrugged his shoulders — 'how can I tell? It was easier to amuse oneself en paBsant, per haps. By the by, have you brought clown many birds here, I wonder?' She disdained a reply, and, having reached the Pension, went in to give the order for tea. Then for a moment she strode by the window in her own room, with a bitter indignation at her heart; Should sho undeeeivo Lord Strathoarn? Some thing in his mocking tones had told her that ho loved her. still— that if she strove to stretch forth her hand, to make one sign, he waa hers. But Blanche? Was it not true that she owed her uncle's family much? And then that other shameful tale I - 'Eva, Eva I' — Lady Maud's fresh voice was heard calling to her sister— -'do come and look at the 'view!, h it not perfect?' Eva! Where had Daisy heard that namo last? Was it possible that she1 had been de ceived all along? A wild desire to know the truth sent Daisy down to Blanche and her guests. 'Is Lady Sower's Christian namo Eva ?' nhe asked Lady Maud presently. 'Yes. You know, sho has been very' ill,' the latter answered. 'I hope this expedition will not be too much for her ', but the doctor orders her to be out aa muoli as possible.' Daisy scarcely heard. It had flashed upon her suddenly that on the preceding evening, Blanche hnd mentioned Lady Somers's illness at Homburg, Like one in a dream, she sat listening to Blanohe's trivialities, Her eyes Bwam as they watched tho sunlight throbbing in soft, golden, pink rays over the opposite summits, behind which it sank slowly, while the afterglow spread itself in a soft violet haze over the rugged outline of Mount Pihvtua, And it seemed to the girl that all tho bright hopes of her youth were setting, too, . Yet she kept hei' Ups sealed. It wafi a. little difficult, however, to do this during the week that followed, for Lady Maud had taken a fancy to Daisy, and it was not often possible for her to excuso herself from joining in the oxeur siona that took place ; while though each sought to avoid the othor, an invisible mngneb seemed to draw Lord Strathearn and herself together, a fact that did not escape Blancho's jealous observation, Ono sultry day tho viscount and the three girls started to ascendi the Mals berg, a jagged peak, not often oiimbod bv tourists, jutting out between two higher mountains, from which it ? was separated by a deep ravine. Blanche was not much of a mountaineer, and had only come because aho did not wish her fiance to do so without her. The ascent waa rough and t.iring, and' long before the | summit was' reached sho declared she could go no further, while sulkily declin ing Lord Stratheavn's offer to wait with her while tho others went on with tho guide. Tho difficulty was solved by Daisy's volunteering to do this, protesting that she, too, was tired and hot. And after some argument Lady Maud and her bro ther went on. Blanche was cross and discontented, and her ill-humor vented itself on her cousin. 'You know I hate walking I' she be gan. 'I can't think why you encourage Dennis to make these odious expedi tions. It would be much nicer to sit and listen to the band at Lucerne. And, by the by, Daisy, can you let me have some money'? It looks so odd for me to have nono, when I am supposed to ba an heiress ; and you can't possibly spend all your allowanoe I' 'I- daresay I can spare you ton poundst,' Daisy answered. 'But, Blanche, thea'e is something I must say ;o you, I have been thinking it over, and' — firmly — 'I will not be a party to deceit any longer I I shall write to my uncle this evening, to ask him to re lease him from my promise. And I will undertake to give you a third of my fortune as soon as I come of age,' 'And' much good that will do me I' cried Blanche furiously, 'It is 'very easy to say what you rill do in two years' time, especially as you have so little difficulty in breaking your pro mises. But do you think,' she went on bitterly, 'that I do not sse through your game — that I haven't wntehtd y^a trying to get up a flirtation with Dennis ever since you met? I suppose you think that when he learns that it ie you who are tho heiress, you will just take xnY place ?' 'You are mistaken.' Daisy was very pale; but her voice was clear and steady. 'I have a higher opinion of Lord Stvatheam than that. I cannot think he would break off his engage ment if he knew the truth ; but, in auy ease, I will not countenance what is. nei ther more nor less than a fraud I' She turned away to escape the abuse which burst from her cousin, asi she gave vent to the rancor which had been brewing in her mind so long. It was a gloomy spot on which they stood, the mauntain-side, strewn with great boul ders, descending almost precipitately to where, far beneath them, a dark stream flowed to the lake, A little way below tho path a tuft of flowers caught Daisy's eye, and she clambered down to gather them. Suddenly she gave a cay, as, her foot slipping on some loose stones, she felt herself sliding down after them, Grasp ing a little bush with one hand, she reached the other up to her cousin for help } but for a second the latter stood motionless, Then very slowly, as Daisy cried again, 'Blanche ! Blanche ! Quick j I am falling!' she went to the edge of the precipice, and stretched out her hand1. But as the other girl seized it, instead of being drawn up, a push — a deliberate push— sent. her down, down, into the terrible ravine below! From the reproachful, horror-stricken look in those wide, grey eyes — from the agonised cry ringing out and echoing through the hills, Blanche fled up the path to toll the other two of the awful accident that, had) befallen her 'om- paniou. (To be continued,) 