©rigtnal $1 aptr. A DEVOTIONAL PAPEE Bead at the meeting of the Ruridecanal Chapter of Sandhurst, held at All Saints', Bendigo, June 2 1st, JS99, by the Eev. C. A. ' Brewer, B.A. Acts x. 32. Ihese statements or bt. Luke concerning the disposal of the goods in possession of the members of the early Christian Church follow his account of certain important events. Peter and John had attracted the attention of the Jewish ecclesiastical authorities by the miracle of healing performed upon the man impotent from his birth. Being arrested, they were brought before the Sanhedrim, and at the conclusion of their examination, they positively declared that they could not do otherwise than ignore the command that they were not to utter the name of Jesus, nor refer to His doctrine. When dismissed from the Sanhedrim, the two apostles rejoined their companions, and lifted up their voices in a hymn of praise to God, those present apparently repeating it phrase by phrase after Peter. The latter part of this hymn is a prayer, and at its conclusion ' the place was shaken where they were assembled together, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness. ' mis renewaiot tne rentecostal outpouring or tne xloiy spirit nad an immediate and powerful influence upon the Christian com munity. The closest unity and unanimity were apparent. There was a manifest determination to sit loose to earthly things. ' Neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own, but they had all things common.' ' Neither was there any among them that lacked, for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them, and brought the. prices of the things that were sold and laid them at the apostles' feet, and distribution was made unto every man according as he had need.' A holy, exhilarating enthusiasm filled the minds of the members of the Church. They were lifted above calculations as to their future welfare, and were content to labour for the extension of the Church's borders, leaving temporal matters in God's hands. This latest manifestation of the active presence of the Holy Ghost was naturally calculated to give them faith and love. They realised that the outpouring on the Day of Pentecost, was not an isolated case of the Holy Ghost's appearance and presence. Now, again in their time of need, when the great ecclesiastical machinery of Judaism was raised against the infant Church, the Holy Ghost had made His presence felt, and filled them with confidence, for their leaders had escaped, and the miracle they had previously wrought proved that Christ, their Master, was working through them and with them. The love which moved these early Christians to dispossess them selves of their worldly goods, so that their poorer brethren might share equally with them, was of no ordinary kind. The great majority of men will do very many things which are styled Christ-like for the sake of their co-religionists; but they draw the line at selling what they have, and sharing the proceeds equally with a number of others. This second reference by St. Luke to their communistic practices seems to indicate that it afforded him pleasure to dwell upon that ideal of a brotherly common life. No doubt, in the earlier stages of this system, it must have seemed delightful. The con descension and brotherliness of the refined and better educated ; the sense of being cared for and provided for (experienced, perhaps, for the first time) by the humble and poor ; the oneness of aim in life ; the fidelity of one to the other under the pressure of opposition from without; the all-pervading sense of Christ's presence ; the dependence upon each other spiritually and temporarily — all would constitute a charming and ideal state of things, which, naturally, they might hope would endure. There is another side to this resolution to sell all that they possessed and have it distributed equally among the brotherhood. The Christians, in the fervour of their love, hoped that Christ, their Master, would soon return to purify, renew, and re-organise all . ( things. He had warned -them of coming wars and other troubles, j and they no doubt realised that the possession of landed property I would be a source of trouble rather than of profit. I do not mean to j imply that they parted with their estates so as to have at least some little present enjoyment from them, rather than risk losing everything ! in the near future. No; I mean that they implicitly trusted in the statements of our Lord ; and because they thought that the time was to be short, they determined that their fellow-Christians should, while waiting for the Lord, share and fare equally with themselves. Whatever influenced them, consciously or unconsciously, two things stand out clearly — (1) They felt that their goods were not their own. (2) Their ideal of brotherhood was lofty. (1) The reality of the religion, whether of a society or of an individual, stands or falls by the view taken of worldly possessions. Whereas societies consist of individuals, and the truly religious indi vidual must confess that he is not his own, but is bought with a price, so must he also own that his worldly advantages are not to be used solely for his own comfort, but are at God's disposal. ' Whoso hath this world's goods and seeth his brother have need, and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him?' Eeligion is an inward principle, together with its accompany ing manifestation. The one does not exist without the other. Devotion to God craves for an expression. He who delights in loving, brotherly acts is manifesting the existence of an inward animating principle divinely implanted. So the followers of the Lord Jesus ascribe all their advantages to Him. Are they clever? He gave them their talents. Have they worldly possessions ? He gave them the business capacity to acquire them. Have they social influence? God gave the social gifts. No thoughtful Christian can escape from the conclusion that 'to do good and communicate' is very much meant for him. The question is as to the method of procedure. Is he, after the manner of the early Christians, to sell what he has, and share it equally with his fellow- Christians ? Is this the best method of caring for the poorer brethren ? Is this commanded or even suggested by the Scriptures ? Certainly the community of goods was not compulsory. The goods still belonged to certain men ; but they did not speak of them as their own, for they had learned from our Lord's teaching to think of themselves not as possessors, but as stewards. They might retain them if they wished, and from the regular income arising from them give assistance to the poor ; or they might turn their possessions into hard cash, and divide the proceeds as they thought fit among their brethren. The remarks made by St. Peter to Ananias go to prove that there was no compulsion to sell the property, nor, after the sale, to hand ? over the proceeds. ' AVhiles it remained,' said he, '.was it not thine owri? and after it was sold, was it not in thine own power ?' Our latter-day Communists, therefore, who are anxious to see all the wealth of the community divided equally among the members thereof, are under a misapprehension when they appeal to this part of Holy Writ to support their peculiar notions. Communists of all classes, when agitating for the equal distribution of wealth, are emphatic in declaring that the State must provide' the machinery for so doing. The use of legalised machinery, of course, implies compul sion, which cannot be based upon the authority of Scripture. In this, as in every other moral act, the Bible leaves man a free agent. If he once ceases to be free, then his act has no merit. Communists base their claim upon the idea that all men are born equal, and therefore are equally deserving. But, in the first place, men are not born equal. Some come into the world with good keen faculties, and others, from the start, are slow and stupid. Some are born with cer tain well-pronounced aptitudes, others have no talent of any kind. Again, of those who are born equals, it is not often the case that they remain so. Though men may begin life with equal capacities, one may be wanting in perseverance, another in evenness of temper, another in judgment, &c.; Is the man who has become a drunkard or . a spendthrift to expect the careful companion of his boyhood to share equally with him, simply because they ran neck and neck for prizes at school? Again, suppose that all the wealth of a community were equally divided among its members, so that all were able to start the race of life upon equal terms, what would be the result at the end of three years ? Some would be on the road to wealth again, while others would again have sunk into poverty. But is this equal distribution of wealth the best way of helping those who are poor ? Considering men as they are now, and as they were in Apostolic times, would a redistribution of wealth, on the equal shares principle, be the best possible arrangement? Suppose ? that £5000 had to be bestowed at the request of a certain donor upon a community in which there were 500 households. This would give £10 per household, a sum that would make no perceptible enduring difference to anyone. On the other hand, suppose that the £5000 were invested in reliable stocks as a perpetual endowment of a benevolent society. At 4 per cent, this would bring in £200 per annum, and this regular income would do far more good to the really needy than one large general largess. I suppose that after the first enthusiasm died away, this is the way that the early Christians looked at the matter. At any rate, the communistic principle of all sharing alike did not become attached to Christianity as a sine qua non. The Christians no doubt reflected that the large general fund would one day be depleted, and then where would help for the poor and unfortunate come from ? But because this communistic plan was not perpetuated we must not infer, that the experiment was without favourable results. It emphasised thefeeling of brotherliness which ought to exist among high and low, rich and poor, who belong to the same communion. It | silently declared that all souls were equally precious to God, and ' therefore those who professed to love God must show a kindly and benevolent interest in their fellows. A brother in the Church then is not one by whom you hope to be enabled to make a living. Nay, it is the other way about. He is one to whom you owe something. He is one who has a claim upon your consideration. Inasmuch as he, too, is a member of Christ, he has the strongest claim upon your' affectionate interest. As Christian people we cannot but applaud this sentiment, but we ask that it may be practically exhibited. It is not an uncommon thing, e.g., to see communicants who are well known by sight to the more influential members of a Church passed by at the door without even a kindly look or nod. Again, the members of our churches who are known for their benevolent dispositions and kindly deeds might be counted upon our fingers. It . ought to be the case that when people are styled Christians, general benevolence of disposition and conduct are implied and confidently expected. We expect the kindli ness which will recognise a poorer brother, as well as give him assistance when he needs it, not when he begs it. Yes, this proceeding of the early Christians is recorded not to afford us the opportunity of smiling at the vagaries of men who were thoroughly in earnest, but whose scheme was doomed to an early death, nor to afford to Communists a foundation upon which to build their grand edifices which are to astonish and shelter mankind by and-by, but to give us an insight into the intensity of that brotherli ness which ought to animate every soul that yearns after Christ. Christ lived, died, and rose again for all — for one as much as for another, for the poor as well as the wealthy. Therefore, as all are equal in His sight, as God Himself is love, let us see to it that we are loving too. 