COMMENTS ON MR LINGHAM'S LETTER. BY THE VERY REV. G. 0. VA/NCE, DEAN OF MELBOURNE. Mr Lingham offers its' an amended ranslation of Our Lord's words- Mi) pot/ anrov rendered in the vulgate noli me tangere, and in both our Received and Revised Version, 'Touch me not," (in the latter wiih the marginal alternative, " Take not hold on me"); and (b) an explanation of the words. His objection to the usual rendering, based on tbe use of tlie pre sent imperative in the text, is certainly a sound one. Mi) airrov refers not to a momentary or single, but to a continuous or recurring action, and is best translated by "do not be touch ing (or clinging to) me," or, what is the same thing, "stop touching (or clinging to) me." Mr Liugliam's "don't cling to me" is good, as giving its true sense to the verb airrofiai and conveying rightly the idea of the discontinuance of an action already be gun. Bishop Westcott's note on the pas sage in the Speaker's Commentary, "the exact form— M>) awTov implies that she was already clinging to Him when He spoke," corroborates Mr Liugliam's view. It is strange how critics like Stier, Godet, and Alford have missed this point, aud have taken Our Lord's words as meant to repel the Magdalene's approach, following in this a host of early commentators, who seeiu to have read into the narrative an ex planatory interpolation found in one or two M.S.S., "and she ran forward io lay hold of Him," and to have seen in the "touch me not" a prompt check to Mary's impulsive movement. While supporting Mr Lingham's cor rection of the text, and agreeing with him iu his comments on Herbert Schmalz's picture, I cannot accept his idea that our Lord meant "don't keep detaining me here, for I have not yet ascended to the higher plane whither I want to go without further delay." This gloss, as well as that of Baur, which it resembles, "don't delay me for I am now actually ascendiug to my Father" (which seems to place the Ascension on the same day as the Resurrection), and that of Meyer, "you need not anxiously detain me, for I have not yet gone as I said to liiy Father," and that op Neander, "don't . hold me, I won't escape," are all based' on a rendering of airrov against which Dean Alford very properly 'tr warns bis readers, viz., that of laying hold of to retain, which would Require rather "Co 'be "expressed by fit fie Kpareu It is, however, easier to dismiss unten able theories than to propose sound and reasonable ones in their place. The most eminent commentators differ irrecon cilably fn their interpretation of the passage. While Meyer, for instance,, un derstands the words to mean "don't touch me, to satisfy yourself of my identity," another critic omits the nega tive, and makes our Lord say, in effect, "touch me and make sure," and a tbira obtains the same result by placing a stop after the Mi), so that the sentence runs: "No! (I am not tlie gardener) touch me and see that I am myself." Cyril holds the meaning to be that Mary was unworthy to touch the risen Lord, not having yet received the Holy Ghost. (But other disciples did touch Him,, who had not received the Holy Ghost). Certain leading authori ties see nothing more in the words than an injunction to Maty to make haste. "Don't, waste time in clinging to me, bat go at once and tell my disciples that 1 bave risen." One writer imagines a new dignity and almost hauteur .on the part of the risen Lord asserting itself in the "leave me untouched." Others again read in the words an intolerance of senti mental fervor and emotional deinonstra- tiveness. More importance is to be at tached to the view, from which a whole series of explanatory theories take tlieir rise, that the secret of our Lord's refusal j to be touched or clung to, lies in the i mystery of His risen humanity, in its j transitional state between Resurrection j and Ascension. Some lay stress upon j the supposed physical conditions of the resurrection body; one paraphrasing the "touch me not." thus, "my body is unprotected; everything pains me;" another, who conjectures the crucifixion wounds to have been still sore, making the sense to be, "touch me not yet. this afflicted body remains yet susceptible;" with whom, in the main, Selileiermacher agrees, though attributing the abnormal tenderness aud sensitiveness of our Lord's body not; to hurt received in tlie mortal flesh, but to the susceptibility of the new life. Others again see only tlie spiritual lesson for the disciples in the Mi) fiGV airrov J the desire to raise their thoughts from the temporary reappearances to a per manent spiritual communion to follow His ascension; the warning that the old, tender intercourse is incompatible with tlie changed conditions; even the intinit- tion, perhaps, of a "true touchiug" here- : after, not to begin till He had gone up on high; never, it may be, to begin for Mary or the Eleven until all longiug for the mere corporeal and sensible touching shall have been dismissed from their minds. This is nil very elevated aud beau tiful, but it is too much to build upon so slight a foundation as the "touch me not." aud it loaves the primary and im mediate meaning of those words still unexplained. 1 should be inclined to look for the reason for. the prohibition to Mary, not so much in the "I am uot yet ascended unto tbe Father," as in tlie "I ascenu" of the following clause, and to conjecture with Olshauseu that our Lord's risen body may, during the forty days, have been undergoing, in the long intervals between the appearances, some process of preparation for the exaltation to Heaven and the glory there to be be stowed upon Him which, t bough permit ting occasional intercourse of the less familiar kind with Tlis disciples, and even actual contact for purely evidential purposes, would he disturbed and inter rupted by tbe clinging embrace of pas sionate delight and unrestrained affec tion. 