<fa ®ale. EVELEEN REDGREAVE. CHAPTER XXIV.—('Continued.) Ferliaps, of the two, her looks were turned more frequently on me than on him ; but I bore them with a philosophic insouciance which baffled them, keen as they were. The sudden 'weakness of her nurseling, however, had taken her by surprise. A't my uncle's exclamation she started, but still she moved not. Her hands were clenched, and her eye fixed itself on the halffainting heiress ; it was only wben her mistress called to Tier that she roused herself, and then, with one.look darker than ever at Lord Laiidore, and the single word " Here !" she dashed into the middle of the circle, and sought to back out her mistress in finding a cause for Miss Hetherington's threatened attack. ! 6 " Yes," she said, " I know it was the melons did' it.; they never used to agree with Miss Julia, even when she was a child. Lean on my aim, ma'am " ' ! I ' But Miss Hetlierington pushed her off impatiently ; " I am quite well— quite strong now," she said in a feeble voice. " I don't think it was melons^ at all, or any such nonsense ; pray lpt^ evervono eat their breakfast. I beg'" pardon for putting on the airs of a fine' lady so early in the day" (her smile was ghastly as she attempted, the t&figi; of pleasantry), "but I am often thMfi^ •the heat of the weather overcomes^" me at times, and—and- Nature triumphed at last. She burst into a torrent of tears, which increased in violence every second, and in two minutes more she was in strong hysterics. ' I " Good God ! what is to be done ?" exclaimed Lord Landore. in a tone of very genuine alarm. " Can I go for a physician ? Can I have a horse instantly. Mr. Barrington ?" " Leave the room, my lord !" said Mrs. Barrington, in a tone of uncontrollable violence : " leave it instantly!" He pausedi a moment—looked at her steadily—then bowed low, and wa gone. t ' " Can I be of the least, assistance ? said my uncle in his timid tones. " You are a fool. sir. or you would know that this is no place for you to be !" was the mild reply. He walked across the room on tiptoe, but with amazing celerity, and vanished also. The tableau that remained was a very dramatic one. There lay the proud and haughty woman of th world, -writhing in convulsions, and drenched with essences, her laces cut, her garments disarranged, her hair dishevelled—the very wreck of th gleaming (beauty that, only a few short minutes before, seemed too gSorious to be perishable. Busied a-bout. her, in grim anxiety, was Barbara, controlling her spasmodic movements but not uttering a word ; while Mrs. Barrington, as colourless as a ghost, and trembling with alarm, kept running hither and thither, and smelling to her scent bottle, <n order to keep life find soul together. At the head of the sofa on which Miss Hetlierington was : stretched stood Mary, with her hands clasped, and 'her eyes streaming down showers of sympathy on the sufferer. As to mvself, I literally knew not well what to do—I was shocked and horrified at the whole scene; lad I followed my own inclination, I should have been instantly at the side of the invalid ; at it was, I. at la*st, thnidly approached, and offered my services. "Don't touch' her—vou sba'n't!, touch her—you sha'n't!—don't—stand off!" was Mrs. 'Barbara's reception of my offer, as she rudely thrust herself between me and the object, of my solicitude. "Order her out of the room -why don't you V" she went on, addressing her mistress. "It's all her doing—1 told you how it would be." " You are a cruel, unfeeling monster, Eveleen Redgreave !" commenced my kind aunt, taking the tone from her . director. " 'Madam !" "There—don't answer in<?, bi't t;o. or I shall forget myself, and punish you on the spot for your black ingratitude !" she said in. her shrillest voice, and stamping her foot..a t mo \v;t.h.excessive rage. . . . - . - . . 'Clearly this was no place f-.-r me after such addresses as tiiese : I could be of no possible use', and the time for remonstrance or explanation had not arrived. ''So, casting one glance at the invalid's features;. !: 'jujr- that tbey were becoming gradually more proceeded to* S ^ S to^SS ana ponder over' the startling ^ufc'ence trhkb I bad Just •wltneSSiea, * CHAPTER XXV. The question which I had now to ask myself was,' " What is 'best to <be done ?" The promptitude of Lord Landore, or, rather, the consequences resulting from it, disconcerted rie. At the same time, I could not blame him.. When he ascertained the exact position in which he stood, and the expectations that might be entertained from his voluntarily placing himself in it, it was nothing more 1'ban his duty to do as he had done. He had acquitted himself as a man of Honour aj'.i principle both. He had p'laeed his re solved-ou exit on the fooling of necessity rat her than choice, and he had given to it so natural and unstudied a colouring fhat no one who w.'ts not determined to find fault with his proceedings beforehand could quarrel witli the way in which his part was performed. But, nevertheless, he had tnkcn me by surprise as well as the rest, and, closeted with him as I had b^en that morning. I clearly saw that suspicion had fallen upon me as the instigator or partial prompter of his sudden move, and that "all the -water in ine sea " would not wash me free ef the imputation, in the eyes of those whose views were disconcerted- by his re treat. But the crisis had come, and all that remained for me to do was to .get over it as best I could. I took-it for granted that the offciidiug'eat! would leave the house as so^ as civility permitted him to do .so,'V&d; I was resolved, at all events, apt to^ii tf^.iiazard of another meet- .wit-fr liiiii previous to his'departure. 'Moreover.. /t was evident that luy soi^kjeJSfyepe' neither required i-or acceptab-le-Tbeiow stairs. I quietly determined to remain where I was, at least until dinner time, trusting to Mary for a report of what might occur during my absence, if it had reference to me. I could not avoid hearing a considerable bustle during the succeeding hour—the tramping of feet, and closing of doors, and now and then the grating of carriage wheels upon the gvavel before the door. But I schooled my iieart to patience, as I had often done before. I sat down to think—no. I could not. do that yet—to determine on the line of action it might be proper for me to adopt. Scorn I could giv° for scorn, and' blow for blow : but, I was beginning to be heartily sick of this perpetual state of incipient warfare, which I must either consent to be engaged in, or to be trampled on. if I did not. At last I promised myself that if Miss Hetlierington, when she re covered, would again solicit my sympathy, or give mo her confidence. I '•i'ould be to her a willing and earnest friend. I was in her debt, I thought, for it was just possible that Lord Landore, had I not crossed his path, might, ultimately ha.ve placed the coveted coronet, on her brow, and her present suffering—although mortification had quite as much to do with it disappointed affection—entitled her to consideration, even if it failed to secure respect. Besides, the object of our attachment was the same, although she knew it not; and, although she was not aware of the depth or intensity of the feelings that moved me. still, as a matter of course, his name wou'ld bo fre quently mentioned should our friendly communications be renewed. And what woman is not pleased at the prpspect of speaking about one who lias awakened her feelings : even though, as in the present ca.se it was likely-to be, she might be (ailed upon not to listen to liis pra se, but to volunteer in his defence ? However, al", that was for hereafter : my business Just, now was to watch passing eveuts,;and to steer my barque as clear of slioals as possible. In about two hours after my departure from the breakfast-room. Mary arrived in mine. She was still both pallid and tearful, and seemed more than usually guarded and cautious in her replies. "Well. Mary, how is Miss JTetheriugton V I demanded, as she came in. " Better—much better. Eveleen ! She has been removed to her own room, and the doctor has seen her. He thinks it merely a nervous paroxysm, brought on by the heat of the weather, and probalbly by over-exertion, and that a day's rest will restore her. Poor thing ! Did you not pity 'he 1 ." very much, cousin ?" " Very much indeed. Mary : and I would have pitied her still more had I been suffered. Have you heard whether Lord Landore really intends to leave the Hall to-day V" She gazed at me witli a melancholy look in her soft, blue eyes, as I asked the question, and sighed profoundly, but did not answer. "Why do you look SO sad. Mary V' I asked : "and why do you not answer my question V " Because—oh ! Eveleen, I pity you."' " You alarm me rather by doing so."' I said. " Pray, tell me at once what makes me an object of commiseration to you ?" "Lord Landore is " Well !" " Gone, Eveleen."' " Gone '" "Yes, he left the Hall just twenty minutes since. He only waited to hear that Miss Hetlierington was better. and then he ordered the carriage, and begged the loan of horses from papa to take him to the next posttown." "Did you see him before he left V" " Ye—s." she replied, blushing and trembling as she got out the terrible word. s •'The interview seems to have had a terrible effect on you." I said, " if I am to take your present symptoms as evidence." "I—I am not thinking of myself, dear Eveleen!" she answered, tenderly. "Of whom., then—me ?" I asked, smiling. " Yes. of you. 1—I fear you will blame 'me." she replied. " Tor what, Mary • " For*-but I wish you would p.ive me ;ilisolution beforehand for what 1 have done." she said, hesitatingly. "I do J", was my reply. "Anything is better than suspense: so now for. confession. What have you doue ? What crime have you committed V' " Received this from Lord Landore, and promised to deliver It to you." she said, taking a small note from her bosom, and presenting it to me. " I could nor. help it. Eveleen." she went on, more earnestly. "I saw liitn only for a moment—just while papa was looking after the carriage : and then he begged so hard, and looked so wretched, that, although I was afraid you would be displeased. I could not find it in my heart to refuse him. Oh, Eveleen! I am sure you might be Lady Landore. if you pleased.'' "True, my sweet cousin." i replied ; "and I might live to repent my elevation very heartily also." "Then you do not love him. after all r "ll.at does not follow, my love," I replied. " Perhaps I love him too well to wish to indulge him )u the gratification of a wish which IK* might repent of w'hen he gains more worldly Wisdom. and comes to learn his own -true value and the price he should sot upon himself. Were I to study own present interest, or even my,,o,wn_ present pleasure, or did I look uponr-or think ol' hiin exactly as other.i flo.f I might, as you observe, in all pr^b'a-. bilit.v become his wife. But that-is not my disposition. Mary ; I li.ive'beCi-i formed in a different mould by natures and it must break before I can change,*' If I know my own heart, I would tlite moment as soon lay down my own life • to save his. or to preserve his honour, as 1 now take this terrible bit of notepaper from your trembling hand ; and lie would deserve the sacn'lice, because he has acted kindly and nobly by me. But well as I love him, Mary—-and to you, my gen tie cousin, I may confess that I do love him as well as man or mortal ever was or will be loved—still I will not hamper him witli the possession of my precious self, until I am more certain than I now am that be will Hot wish to drop Ills burden at the first awkward turn of the road."' " Is not this pride. Eveleen V" she asked. "I call it principle'." I answered, "and so heartily in love with it am I that not only do I mean steadily to adhere to It through all the trials, struggles. and temptations of my future life, but still more. I mean to inculcate my example as the one most wortliy to be followed, if peace, happiness and comfort are to be expected as a result. If Lord Landore is worthy of my attachment. time will not quench his own. and reason will only foster it : if lie is not—then let my heart break if it will. I shall have the consolation to remember that 1 have acted not perhaps as many of my sex might, have done, but as I think all ought to do, if they value their own character, or were actuated by a thorough sense of what was due to themselves, and to the good (Jod who had given them sense to guide, and Christian principle to sustain, them. Xow let me read mv letter, after this ions sermon, Mary." I should 1 suppose that the reception, of the tirst letter, like the reception of the lirsr kiss, is a very important epoch in the life of a young and loving woman : at least it was in mine. I would not have parted with that worthless piece of paper Cor the brightest, jewel that ever sparkled on the brow of a queen : and. even as it is. it remains amongst my greatest treasures, and is more deari.v prizedthan them all. At the moment of its reception. I would have embraced and fondled it with all the idolatry of a. doiing mother, if I had dared : but, before Mary's watchful and wondering eyes. I could not venture on this ; so 1 tirst pressed it—bur. in secret—to my heating heart, whose pulses it quickened into painful activity, aud then 'burst its coroneted seal, aud read thus :— " Dearest Kveleen.—You have banished me from your presence, and— painful, exquisitely painful, as I acknowledge the sacrifice to be—you have taught me that self-restraint is a virtue, and therefore I obey you. I go in the hope hereafter to deserve the affection which I covet to possess, and which I think is half-way mine. I would willingly engage myself to return to you when the reform :s complete : but I will not offend ,\ on by recurring to a subject <111 which you have so recently forbidden me to speak. Let my acts speak for me, and let my present restraint be al least a token to you that your will is omnipotent with me. and your power equally so. Even this hasty scrawl may meet with your disapprobation : but I cannot. Kveleen—1 cannot avoid hazarding it : nor can I refuse myself the privilege of insisting respectfully, but most earnestly, that you should hereafter regard me as one-father, lover, friend, companion, brother, call ir what you will—.but still as one who has your honour, interest, and welfare ever nearest, to his heart, and- •who considers himself entitled io be allowed to serve, sustain, or advise you. should you ever require his aid. Whither J shall go at present, 1 know not : nor is it material, since sel'fjciirreclion and reform are plants r ihiit O&JI; flourish in any clime, and -under "Uiiy sun. 1 venture upon the jgberty -of enclosing my 'London ban- •*lyil-'s addjiess. not in the blessed hope OT^eeiitvifcg even a siugifljplinj from .VmrtioVCv luit only to give you a clue o'litid'^m/, shoiild the necessity arise <fw"~yo.ur-Wishing to do so. Surroundfi 1 a.s^nm are by circumstances, the contemplation of which has afforded' me matter of much uneasiness, I am all the more anxious to express myself clearly,and 1o impress upon you the. deep—deep anxiety I fed thai you should treat me as 1 think 1 deserve to be treated, aud resort to my assistance without any reference ro the words I have spoken or I lie claim I have preferred. " Pray, forgive me this intrusion on you : and oh Eveleen. dearest Eveleen—do not forget him who would so willingly have remained near you and endeavoured to lie all that you would ha ve him, and which it is, his fojidest hope one day to become,- A. F"\ I read this note first to myself; but I thought. It. due to Uitfwovhi of sym- It you want a firet-pk^ suit, pt olotbea a- a reagonablo price—fit andSSurability oonibined—call on P. 3. O'GOBNOB, Bridget road, Bichmond. A fine sssorimBjit ot woollens to eeleot irom> . Flinder^itWet trams pass the door< pathy which I siiff glancing from mygentle Mary's eyes to re-resid i< aloud to her. I road it avpLI. dramatically, I dare say, for I felt it d(n?j>iy. I did not check the tears -which sometimes marred my utterance ; for why should I not abandon myself to tin* luxury of feelings the inilulseuce of which I had earned so well V Unaceustouied as Mary was to see me so much overcome, fsbe was frightened at my tones, and tears, and looks : but the momentary paroxysm ended, and we threw ourselves into each other's iirnlS. and in that cordial and sisterly embrace felt all the consolation which real and entire a fleet ion c.iu bestow. At last 1 unwound my arms from aronnd her slender neck, and wiped >;way her tears as well as my own. " Now, my love," I said to her, "you understand that I am not quite so much of a heroine as you supposed me to be : and now, look, 1 permit you to kiss my treasure, as I shall do myself, before I deposit it next the heart which has struggled With weak, womanly feeling in what 1 believe to be a. noble cause. Now, let "lim who ps.uned this epistle go into tlie world, and, amidst its temptations or trials, forget me if he will ; the link that binds us may be broken by one of the assenting parties. Mary, biu there is another who feels that they a v.; forged of metal which only the hand of death himself van burst asunder. But all this is for ourselves, my love. Every heroine Us entitled to a 'coulidaute, and you are mine. 1 <!o down again, Mary, for 1 feel that 1 sha'l be all 1 lie better of a little calm relied ion before I am called upon to meet those to whom I seem involuntary lo have given such deep offence." "May I not come to you again, Eve- Iccn T "Hotter not, my love," I sa'd. MVe shall meet at dinner, 1 suppose, and until then farewell." I kissed her, and she left me. I daresay that were I accurately to record all my thoughts—perhaps I might include my acts—ilming the next, few hours, some of my readers, at least, would look upon Imth as the exaggerated expression of sentiments which, from my own account of my character, they were hardly prepared to expect. l?nt so It is—the placid stream wells lo a torrent and bursts its banks, and we who saw only its composed summer surface look on and wonder at the violence of the change. As no one was witness to what 1 said, thought, or did, however, 1 may spare both the recital and my excuse, anil pass over the interval of time until the awful dinner bell owe mere smote upon my nerves, and told me that my hour of trial had arrived a^a'n. CHAPTEK XXVI. As the departure of Loi\l Laudore had been altogether unanticipated and unexpected, a party had heel invited to meet hlin at. dinner, and I was not sorry to flnd the drawing-room tilled when I arrived there. Mrs. Harrington, at the moment, wa« engaged in explaining to Lord Beddinglield. one of the magnates of the county, the pressing necessity which had carried away the young carl ho suddenly, and Mie particular cause which had pro- Tented her cousin and dourest friend. Miss Helherjngton. from appearing at dinner. His lordship, be observed, was a. little prosy and a. Ii(iI ' deaf. "In fact, my lord, it has been a source of the greatest luortilicatiou to us all, as well as to the earl himself," she said ; " he had come to spend a few quiet weeks with us hero—particularly induced, indeed, by the presence of my relative, Miss Iletherington; and now the whole pleasant scheme has been, knocked on/ the head." " Indeed !" answered his lordship, booking grave. " I hope the injury is not serious, madam f " Serious, my lord ! To wlicm 1" demanded the iady> " I fear I misunderstood you," he answered, smiling and bowing ; " I took you to *=ay that Miss Hetheriugton had knocked 'her head " No, no, my lord !" corrected Mrs. Barrington, in a raised voice; *' I merely said that our schemes of amusement were knocked cu the head —dissipated by the sudden departure of Lord Landore." " Is he dissipated ? I thought lie was only eccentric," agaiti blundered Ihe deaf viscount, taking a cordial pinch Of snuff out of his enormous gold box. " Oh ! you are still under a mistake, my dear lord," proceeded Mrs. Barrington ; " I never saw anyone less inclined to dissipation or eccentricity in all my life." " Perhaps so, madam," replied his lordship ; " I dare say the world gives its worst colouring to the joung mfln's faults : it always does. Yet t have heard some strange stories about him, too. To be .sure, when what is called ' public opinion' gets its rude claw upon the character of a man of rank, H seldom leaves it numutilated ; it seems to delight in reducing us to its own level. I hope there is nothing of fever in the young lady's case ; I am very much afraid of fever." "There Is nothing to fear in the present case," said Mrs. Barrington, cheerfully ; " my cousin's compiaint merely a nervous paroxysm—nothing more." / " Aha !" smiled his acute lordship " A nervous paroxysm—eli V Lord Landore is suddenly called off, and the lady's nerves get a strain—ha ! Well — this, too. 1 think 1 have heard a rumour of Ibefore." Had he discovered the k-ugltude lie could not have put on a wiser look. " Yes, poor fellow," replied Mrs. Barrington, with a sigh ; " I fancy it is no secret that my cousin has refused him." " Eli ! Ilefused lvim—eli V" ejaculated the puzzled peer. Mrs. Barrington nodded' her head by way of affirmation. " Refused forty thousand a year, and a tine young fellow !—a little wild or so ; but no one tods fault with that scrt of thing nowadays. 'Fore George, madam, your cousin must t»e one woman in a million !" " She is one woman in a million, my lord." was M;rs. Barriugtou's reply. " She is too wealthy Herself to make any addition of fortune necessary; and, for the rest, as your lordship has beard some evil reports of Lord Landore's proceedings or Character, it is possible that she also " " Nay, nay, my good madani," interrupted his lordship, earnestly ; "1 profess to you that I have heard nothing —absolutely nothing, or next door to it, aibout " " One moment, if you please, my lord ; I perceive that !Lndy De Lisle has just entered. Excuse me." And away she sailed to receive her new guest, happy in the thought that the exact impressions she wished to make had been made ; and that her fashionable cousin's fame would receive an immense incremeut when it was whispered about—as speedily she knew it would be—that she-Jmfl positively refused a rich earl from the most praiseworthy and independent motives. (To lie continued.) The impetuosity of youth naturally imperils them do be imprudent. 