Race for Life On Thursday, 3rd August, a young man well-known in town wag engaged by one of the Yass* footballers, to meet him at a certain point on tbe Burrows road about seven miles from Yass, with a fresh horse. The time ap pointed was 8 o'clock. As soon as night catneoD be made, for the appointed spot where he arrived about tbe tinta promised and seeing what he thought was a palling fence, dismounted, tied his horse to a tree, and eat down with his back to the fence in tendiog to wait until bis friend arrived. After waiting for about an hour and a half he began to feel lonely and cold, and was about to light a fire when all of a sudden his favorite dog ' Obook,' got very restless and commenced to bowl pitecusly a kind of 'shivery' bowl, He at once recollected ' what bis old man had told him many a time,' ' that when a dog howls somebody is going to dip.' He listened intently for the buggy containing the footballers, but instead of the bnggy be could hear curious voiocs the other side of tbe fence which rather unnerved him. He quietly got up, and holding on by tbe fence, gazed into the abyss of darkness, where he could plainly ' see things moving about ;' plueking up courage he struck a match and looked over the fence, when, to hU astonishment, he saw a grave and noticed that the fence he had been sitting against surrounded the grave. Almost paralysed with fright, he commeeced to make up bis mind 'to get,' when the dog gave another 'shivery' howl, a kind of 'shivery' howl that hit owner had never known before, and then made a desperate rush and got behind his master ! This was sufficient for tbe young man who realised that tbe only chance be hsd was to mount his horse and make for the nearest house. In an instant that was accomplished and the rider dashed through the bush at full speed, almost breathless with excitement, and as he raced along he could feel like 'something breathing warm' at the baok of bis neck. He urged his horse on and as he did so a large bough hanging from a tree brushed across his, chest whioh made him think that the apparition had overtaken him, and he e-okimed ia bis excitement, ' let me alone you ? ,' and clapping the spurs into his horse he made for alight that be could see in a farmer's house some distance away. For some timeAbe ligbt seemed to be going *w*y from him, (till he urged ill horse on until he reached the light, when he jun-i-ed off and rushnd into the house in a breathless state saying, ' please let me sit at the fire until tbe Yass footballers come along.' The farmer consented and it was some time before j the farmer could get the young man to tell him what was the matter, At last he took the farmer into his confidnce and told him the dreadful experience he had in a grave yard along the road, how the apparition had appeared to.bitn, followed him along tbe road and had actually caught hold of him, aud that he was sure his dog had seen it too for be made a rush aod, oh, gave a terrible 'shivery' bowl, and his hair seemed turned the wrong way. ' Do you think you can_ give roe the - strength of it?' The farmer saw at once what was the matter and entertained the youth with thrilling accounts of the many murders that had been committed on the creek, and said that the place was haunted and that it was a enmmon thing to see ghosts. In the course of an bour or two the footballers came along, when be begged to be taken on in the buggy, which was done, and on the way into town related the terrible ordeal that he had gone through, when the footballers informed him that they ali knew that the place was haunted, which caused' the young man to swear that he would never again visit tbe haunted creek on the Burrowa road. 