A 'CHARGE OF HERESY. At the meeting of the Presbytery to he held to-day the charge of heresy preferred by the Rev. Mr. M'Eaehran against the Rev. S. Hector Ferguson on account of certain statements contained in "Spiritual Law Through tlio Natural World" will bo dealt with. The Rev. S. Hector Ferguson's hook, which has subjected him to a charge of heresy at the instance of another Presby terian minister, opeus with the claims that It is "an attempt to correct misconceptions and to expose errors In popular theology by laying them open to the clear light of reason and the Word of God," and that "if It seeks to undermine the flimsy foundation on which some are resting. It desires likewise to sub stitute for that foundation the. Eternal rock of truth." The reception anticipated for It by the writer Is hinted at iu the remark, "It maj- stir up opposition from the votaries of religious traditionalism and from those who build their faith solely on creeds, but It will never offend tbe earnest seeker after truth." The author takes as his motto, "Reason and tlio Scriptures," and arrives at tbe following. conclusions:— He Identifies soul and life, and declares that "the soul is not only In the human' form, but is tbo cause of tbe physical form. It is a permanent, or ganised spiritual body, nud, in a spiritual world, it Is Independent of a material en- swathement." The Scriptures substantiate the assertion "that the lower animals have a .soul," hut as the beasts of the field have no personality or consciousness, death to them is the extinction of their being. "Their soul or life will return to the great reservoir of spiritual substance." The human soul, however, is a spiritual body related to the spiritual world as tbe natural body Is related to this \\!orld, and Is ruled and controlled by spiritual laws even wlillc It Inhabits a natu ral body and dwells In a natural world.- The Westminster Confession of Faith, de clares that "nt the last day . . . all the dead shnll be raised up. with the selfsame bodies, and none other, although with dif ferent qualities, which shall he united ngnlu to their souls for ever." Mr. Ferguson avers that "the Bible teaches that Christ Himself rose again! but to say that His body, .was material is unscieutific, uu-Scr!plural and uu- true," .and. he gives seven reasons for deny- lug a material resurrection, asking whether it Is "not more satisfactory and reasonable, and, to sny the least, equally Scriptural, to conclude that Jesus appeared- Iu His Divine- human, spiritual body." The Confession declares that "besides "these two places heaven and liellj for souls separated from their hollies, the Scripture ncknowledgeth none." Mr. Ferguson "asks what 1's to bo done with the G00, 000, 000 hu man beings In tbe heathen world who have not hcilgd the name of Chlrist; what is the Inpntlnn «f thr» «t»nf nf Lidfftnoni: wliioli nnn- uot take "place In tbe preseut world, and where are the unjust to be reserved unto the judgment day? He decides that there must be a third region, called purgatory previous to the Reformation, which is the classic Hades, of which Paradise is Vone -division, where the departed spirits are '.'gathered 'to their fathers," not'. tortured luto\ submission by tbo power of cleansing fire, bun developed In good or confirmed lu evil according to the bent of oacli. "Our beloved ones ; . have gone into a' land of substantial and, perma nent reality— a laud of. which this world Is but the shadow." As to tiio Day of Judgment, Mr. Ferjjuson disagrees with those whom he calls "Chris tian materialists looking for a pyrotechnic display on a grand scale, spectacular effects and Illuminations of most Inconceivable mag nificence, which will dwarf Into nothingness all previous efforts." The judgment of the Ignorant heatheu cannot begin ' until tlieir Instruction Is finished. "The antediluvian judgment took place about the time of the flood; the Jewish judgment, about the time of the destruction of Jerusalem; and the Christian judgment will take place when the professedly Christian Church becomes so corrupt that It will have to. bo swept away." The approach of such a Judgment day Is Indlcntcd by ','tbe general decay that is attacking churches where venerable fossils called creeds are chosen'- In preference to the LIvlug Word of God." Tlio orthodox opinion of the' church to whleh tile writer belongs is well known to insist upon, an appointed day of judgment "for tbd manifestation of tbe glory of' His mercy in the eternal salvation of the elect, and of His- justice In the damnation- of. the reprobate . . . who shall be cast into eter nal torments." "There'. Is hut one only living and true God . . . In the unity of . the Godhead there be., 'three persous of one suhstnnce, power nud- eter nity:- God the- Father, God the Son and.'God tho Holy- Ghost," is the definition of the Westminster Confession. In his chapter on the" -Trinity, Mr. Ferguson, , qnoting tho Athauasian Creed, deqlares: "No one can be lieve this. because It involves a contradic tion." Tho assertion that a belief In It is essential to salvation "in tho dark agos struck terror Into the hearts of men, but those dnys are gone." He goes on .to dis claim that he denies the doctrine of tho Trinity In God. "We only repudiate a trinity -of persous In the ordinary- sense of the word 'person.' " In the original sense of the word, signifying the charactor 'sus- tainod by an actor, there are, he snys, "three persons lu God," and as an illustration points out that "the widow of !Prince Albert . the Good, the Em press of Iudin and tho Queen of England are only one .person." Other salient assertions on the same point arc:— "The doctrine of an Eternal Son ought, therefore, to be relegated to the mysticism of tho dark ages." "The difficulties against a trinity of persons and against .a- dying God are- so- palpahle aud Incongruous that reason and rdvelntiou arise In revolt against such unwarrantable, dogma." The Westminster Confession again thus phrases the doctrine of the Atonement.: — "The Lord Jesus, by His perfect obedience : and sacrifice' of Himself . . hath- fully satisfied the justice of His Father; and pur chased not only reconciliation, but nil ever- lusting iuheritauce iu the Kingdom of Hea ven, for all those whom the. Father bdtli given unto nim." Mr. Ferguson quotes au thorities against vicarious sacrifice. / He :nsks:- — "Where does the Scripture stnte that such a fiendish tragedy satisfied God?' . . . It places before us a God not only devoid of mercy, but nlso of justice. Such a God wo can welt defy, for it is only a fetich of human Invention. The God whom Jesus ro- veals is -a God at the uppunlle pule Xroiii luls —a just God and a Snviour. . . . Even If siich a hideous conception were necessary or possible, how could one be a competent substitute for .all the dlui .millions of earth'/ ... No such doctrine Is recog nised by the God of the Bible." Finally, as to the doctrine of Justification by faith, Mr. Ferguson asks, "Can a man be saved without doing or obeying the moral- laws? . . . Justified moans to bo made just, and the man who nets justly Is justified. Any method Intended to make room In tiiat prluciplo for unjust people is a mere quib ble;" The words of the Westminster' Con fession are, "Those who God effectually cnl- leth He also freely Jnstifieth . . not for, anything, wrought In thorn or done by them, but for Christ's sake alone . . they re ceiving and resting on Him and. His right eousness, by faith: which faith they have not of themselves; It Is the gift of God." Mr. Ferguson deals In tho same spirit with the question of the forgiveness , of sins..- These extracts from his book will give some Idea of tho amount of ground covered by the charge of heresy against -its writer. It Is stated that there has beeu a great de mand for "Spiritual Law Through the Na tural World" since It wus nuuounced that its orthodoxy was likely to be questioned. 