The General Election. -;o: THE FASSIFERN ELECTORATE. MR. A. MOFFAT AT FLINDERS. Ma. A. Morrar, the endorsed Labour oandi date for the Fassifern constituency, addressed a meeting of electors at the Oddfellow's Hall, Plinders, on Friday night last. There was a very fair attendance, the greater portion of the hbalbeing comfortably filled. Mr. Moffat, who was slightly indisposed, was not in good speak ing form, and several times apoligised to the audience for not appearing to better advantage in that respect. Mr. J. Althans was voted to the chair, and, in introducing the candidate, said that he was rather surprised at being asked to preside, as he thought there were others present who could more suitably fill the position. At the same time, he thanked them for the honour they had conferred upon him. He was very willing to act as chairman for Mr. Moeffat, and though he might differ in polities from that gentleman, that did not matter. They always had orderly meetings at Flinders, and gave everyone a fair hearing, and he would ask them to do so that .ight. (Applause.) Mr. Moffat said he was glad to hear from the Chairman that be (Mr. Moffat) had one op. ponent in the district, but when the meeting was over he fully expected to hear the Chairman say that he was with them. He noticed that it was said in a leading article in the " Courier," that there was but one issue before the electors of the country-to vote for the Government they did not know, which was Glassey's; or for the Government they did know, which was Dickson's. He agreed with thatcounselexcept that be would say that the issue was-to vote for a Government that they knew had polluted the financial life of Australia, which was Dickson's, or for the Government which had a well defined and straightforward policy, and :hich was Glassey's. In 1893 M'llwraith -called upon the country to save the Queensland National Bank. It was then "smash the Labour party, or they will smash the bank." Now, who had proved to be the smashers ? He thought, in the light of the report of the Investigation Committee, that it was not the Labour party. IThen, in 1896, they had Sir H. Nelson calling upon the country to save itself from Socialism. There was then, acoording to Sir Hugh Nelson, a great divide-up party-a party of confiscators that wanted to seize the reins of power. But the revelations since made had proved to thinking men that the confiscators were not the Labour party. Now, in 1899, when the elections were coming on, they were still raising bogies. He supposed this time the bogey would be the Australian Labour Federation, or the land tax. When they looked at these bogies they were simply like the dreadful things raised up at spiritual seances. In order to induce the apparitions to appear at such -eances the room had to be darkened. So it was with the bogies that the Governmaht raised to frighten the electors and retain power; they had to blind the people, or the bogey would not Ie effective. In the seance room to make these ghosts disappear it was only necessary to turn on the light; that was what he was there to do that night-to turn on the light. Now, what ,was the A.L.F. ? It was an organisation com wosed of the different unions throughout Queensland-the Shearers' Union, the Trades Union, and so on. The people had been trained to see the advantage that unionism gave them; therefore, they had united to make this federa tion of unionism. The men who composed that tederation had a very advanced programme- in fact, they simply advocated Socialism. Now, he had always maintained that he was not a Socialist. He differed in that respect from some of his friends of the Labour party. But, after all, that difference was really nothing, as they interpreted Socialism in a different way. We had Socialism in our midst now. Our education, railway, harbours and rivers, police. -and other departments-in fact, the whole civil service-was Socialjstic. The Labour party ihe did not mean the A.L.F.-were so content with the Socialism they now had that they would not mind getting more of it in a nice -gradual way. The farmers, for instance, would like to have a Governmen' that would carry their produce over Queens land waters as well as being common carriers on the land. That would be an oaten. eion of Socialism that would bring prosperity to the farmers, because, instead of sending their maize to Brisbane, where the profits on it were so beautifully refined, they could consign it direct to towns in Northern Queensland. That would save the expenses of the middle. uman. But the A.L.F. men wentbeyond that they wanted Socialism all in one jump; they were what political economists called revolu tionary Socialists. That did not imply that they would go in for bloodshed-it meant that they desired Socialism to be brought about in a hasty way. But if the Labour party were Socialists at all, they might be termed evolu tionary Socialists-they would take what re. forms they could in 4 natural way. Some of the greatest statesmen of the day-even the Conservatives of London-said that we were all Sooialists to day. Many people said to him " You are not a Socialist, but you support the Labour platform, which has a tendency to Socialism." lie admitted that. The whole world had a tendency to Socialism. The London County Council went in for wonderfully beneficial social measures. In Glasgow, the trams had been taken over by the local author ity, the status of the employees greatly improved thereby, and a profit of £80,000 a year returned to the people. That was Socialism. It might be said that men had a tendency to die, but it did not follow that we were all dead men. He knew a great many of these A.L.F. men, and he could say that they were worthy of respeat. Even with their extreme views he admired them. But he would laugh at those men if they attempted to give legislative effect to their programme. Even if they were not able to do what they were preaching-to make this earth a perfect heaven-they were doing no wrong. From thousands of pulpits preachers had been preaching for 1900 years the doctrine of " Love one another." And we were loving one another now about as warmly as we did 1000 years ago. Such men were not unworthy of respect, but if they tried to give legislative effect to their preaching, they would be the laughing stock of the country. That was an illustration to show what he thought of the A.L.F. men. (Laugh ter,) By some people the Labour party were represented to be dominated by the A.L.F. That was not true. The Labour party's pro gressive policy was the nearest approach to what the A.L.F. were striving for; therefore they supported the Labour platform. They joined with the Labour party in trying to give effect to the reform measures that the party advocated. But they joined the party not as A.L.F. men, but as supporters of the party. If there were four or five hypocrites in a Church, it did not follow that the whole congregation was bad. So it was unjust to say that, because the A.L.F. supported the Laoour party, they dominated it. According to his pledge he would have to sever his connection with the Labour party if any such dominance existed. (Applause.) When they formed reform organi sations in the Fassifern district, they disclaimed any connection with the A.L.F., and said that they never would be under the dominance of the Trades Hall. What the Trades Hall was he did not know-he knew it was a big build ing. They recognised the powerful organisa tions of the A.L.F., and as supporters of the Labour party they had a place on the Labour executive-there were two of their representatives there out of 15. Now, another bogey would be the land tax. The farmers were going to be terribly taxed I He simply pledged himself that, if he were returned to Parliament, and an attempt were made to put a tax on land values of the farm, he would vote against it. He would have the very best reasons for doing so. Their programme in cluded a £300 exemption-they would know what that meant. That £300 exemption pro. tected almosteveryone in Fassifern. Take No. 1 subdivision of the Goolman Divisional Board. With a £300 exemption and a tax of Id. in the £, it did not follow that much revenue would be raised. In the division mentioned there was one estate-Fassifern-that would pay £194 11e. 9d. a year. Another would pay £2 8s. 5d., and others £4 17e. 4d., £2 1ls. 9d., £4 Is. 4d. and £8 9s. respectively. These were graziers there was not a farmer among them. Then 37 farmers would pay among them £15 odd per year. Then he supposed that there were 200 or 300 farmers in the division that would pay nothing at all. But the " Queensland Times" said that the farmer would have to bend be neath the burden of this new taxation. The writers in that journal did not know anything about it. They wanted to misrepresent things and keep them in the dark. At the Labour Convention the idea was that the farmer should be exempted. He thought that the £300 limit would not exempt the whole of the farmers, though in a great many districts it would do so. The spirit of the convention was that the farmer should not be touched. It was made clear to him afterwards that, If the £300 did not exempt the farmers, the whole thing would have to be thrashed out in Parliament, and it would be an easy matter to make what came after the first £300-say, to the extent of an other £300-pay a nominal tax only. They must understand that the tax was aprogressive one, and could start with as small a sum as possible, and go as high as possible to serve any purpose. If a great many acts were carried out to the letter of the law hardship would be in flisted; it was the spirit of the law that had to be observed. When be said lie would be justi fled in advocating only a nominal tax after the first £300 value, he was a consistent supporter of the platform, because it was a thoroughly understood thing at the convention that what they were striving to get at was what J. Stuart Mill called the "' unearned increment." Most of them knew that that meant an enhanced value given to anything through the efforts of the community. Take Coochin Station, for in stance. It was originally worth a certain amount, but its value had been greatly in creased by the settlement of people around it, and by the building of railways, schools, &c.; It was that increased value that they wanted to get at. Take the case of some Brisbane properties as mentioned by Mr. Wilkinson in a pamphlet dealing with the land tax. Orig inally they were bought for £25 each, but their value had increased to £25,000, without any effort on the part of the owners of them, be cause population had concentrated in Bris. bane. As the community had enhanced the value of these properties they should in return contribute something towards the expenses of government. That was what they wanted to do. They wanted to reduce freights, and take taxation from the farmers; but they could not do that unless they got revenue from some other source. What they sought was a re-adjustment of taxation, so that workers and farmers should not be called upon to fi61 the exchequer entirely. The " Queensland Times" had once asked him how he would pan out in this connection if he were a big land holder. Well, he would pan out as the big landholders would have to do. That was human nature. He had a l8a family to keep, and he wanted to be represented in Parlia ment, and he felt that he was not so represen ted now, nor had he ever been. [At this stage the speaker divested himself of his coat and subsequently of his collar.] Continuing Mr. Moffat dealt with some of the planks of the Labour platform. It was a long platform, but it had to hbe so, because there were a lot of grievances that required remedying. The Labour party was the only one which recognised their grievances. Sir Hugh Nelson once declared that the farmers were the most prosperous class of the community. And Mr. Thorn was now going about the electorate talking of the big fortunes that dairymen were making out of the cream. Such men did not think the farmers had any grievances at all. The Labour party recognised that that was not so, and it was only natural that they should have a great many remedies for so many griev. ances. Personally he did not think they had half enough planks; and what planks thgy had were now being stolen by the Government fellow:. IHe was told that Mr. Thorn advocated even ofl ax. pensions. But thu worst of it was that Mr. Thorn did not provide for the means of carrying out that policy. The Labour party did. He hoped the "Times" would talke notice of that, and give Mr. Thorn a dressing down. T'ie Labour party said that to provide revenue for such things there must be a land tax, an income tax, and an adequate return from the Crown estate. There was a great deal of pre judice against the Labour party, and no man .aas more prejudiced against itthan he had been at one time. Three men had come to him in one week recently asking about the minimum wage plank. rhen a clergyman- a good man, hb believed, though he thought he was a some relative of Cribb and Poote-had been going through the Fassifern Scrub ridiculing the Labour party because they advocated such a plank as that. Now, what was it after all? The clergyman referred to said that it debarred a man who could not do as good a day's work as another from getting any work at all, because they would all have to be paid the same wage. They had no such plank in their platform But they had a sensible plank that had been adopted in London-in fact, all over the world. It provided for a minimum wage in govemr ment contracts. He would tell them how it would work. The late Mr. Bashford, railway contractor, was a man who always paid a good wage. Suppose, then, Mr. Bashford were putting in a contract for building a railway; he might base his tender on a payment of 7s. a day to workmen. But another man-say a thrifty old Scotchman-who knew that there were plenty of idle men about, might put in a tender based on a 5s. wage. The minimum wage would prevent that kind of thing. Was the country any the better that the mean con trator should down the other one who had a good heart? Farmers were led to believe that the Labour party only cared for big wages to working men, whether the industry could stand it or not. Labour wanted every man to have a full reward for his toil, and that every man had not been getting in the past. Was it not better for the farmer that the consumers everywhere should get good wages. He considered that the trouble of the present day was not over-pro duction but under-consumption. The speaker then dealt with the referendum, and said that it. was not intended to be applied to every question that cropped up, but only to important questions, where it was desirable to ascertain what was the will of the people, so that that will might.be allowed to prevail. Conciliation and arbitration was another of their planks that Government supporters were now appro priating. As a plank it simply meant the abolition of strikes, the day for which as a method of settling disputies had now passed. Then they desired to protect homesteads from seizure for debt, which he thought was a good and sensible thing. They advocated the estab lishment of national markets and storehouses, and be was sure every farmer would agree with them on that point. In South Australia the farmer could get his sheep sent home by the Government export department, have the carcass sold direct to the consumer, and receive the whole of the profit with. out any handling by the middleman. He condemned the system of distribution of produce as at present practised in Queensland as beidg unscientific and tending to absorb too much of the profits. The party were against State-aided immigration, because they did not want people brought here at the public expense to compete against those who were now here at lower wages. They did not for a moment think that immigration should be discouraged, but they thought that it should be encouraged by making the people more prosperous who were here. Let us open up the land to those who were here, and so decrease the number of wage earners. Look how many farmers' sons were wage earners now ! Why should they not have land ? They went the wrong way about mending these things when they sent men into Parliament who owned high estates. The land tax would have a stimulating effect in bursting up these high estates. They could not get away from the fact that these big estates were doing a lot of harm, for they were keeping people away from each other. He and Mr. T. Coulson had been up Carney's Creek way, and it was simply pitiable to see people trying to eke out a living there. If these big estates had a stiff tax put on them the owners would soon seek after pur chasers; and if this were so it would be a good thing for everyone. These estates should never have been gobbled up as they had beon. He would now speak about the Queensland National Bank affairs. Before doing so, he would like to say that, in the opinion of the greatest financial experts of the time, the institution,'as reconstructed, was one of the soundest in the world. No man who had the interests of the country at heart would do anything towards taking business away from that bank. The Auditor-General had access to it, and it was under close inspection. But the Labour party's action had to do with the bank as formerly managed, and in this connection he read ex tracts to show that the party had been praised, and deservedly so, for their attitude upon that question. He also maintained that Sir H. H. Nelson and Mr. Barlow had misled the country in 1893 with respect to the state of the bank, and that the consequences of their doing so had been very serious. In concluding, Mr. Moffat said that he felt somewhat out of sorts, and must apologies for the poor speech which he considered he had made. He would be pleased to give way to Mr. Coulson, who had promised to address them, and, afterwards, if they had any questions that they wished to ask him, he would be prepared to answer them. He then resumed his seat. Mr. T. Coulson, of Rosewood, who has been assisting Mr. Moffat in his candidature, then spoke on his behalf for about half-an-hour. He referred to a speech made at the Lockyer show last year by Mr. W. H. Iroom, who maintained that the farmers were a well-to-do community, and contended that that was not so in a great many instances, as many of the farmers had a hard struggle and had to under go great sacrifices to keep their homes going. In this connection he referred, like the previous speaker, to the isolated life and hardships of the settlers in the Maroon and Carney's Creek districts through the inaccessibility of their farms to the railway terminus. He dealt with political matters generally, and strongly urged the electors to return Mr. Moffat as their member, resuming his seat amidst applause. The Chairman said that the candidate would now answer any questions. Mr J. Mapstonue: Can you inform us how much the Government for the last six years has robbed our Divisional Boards of in the way of clds,.:ment, and what taxes have they put on. Dir. Moffat said no surplus was worthy of a st,.tesman that w. -asot derived from the surplus prosperity of t' people. The surpluses that they heard so mu.sh about did not exist. Since 1890 the local sau:tle.rLies had received £920,000 less in endowment than during'the eight years previously. And since that year the vote for the civil service had been reduced by £360,000, very largely in the Education Department. After a short interval Mr. Moffat said that it was abominable misrepresentation to say that the Labour party wanted to hunt capital away from the colony. They held that the man who caught a fish had a right to that fish, but he had no right to take away the whole river. He agreed with Carlyle that "Labour is not only man's capital, but his life, and when that passed it returned never more." Mr. Perrett: It is reported in many districts that the Labour party are all free- traders. Is that so ? Mr. Moffat said that was absurd. The fiscal policy was s.o open question with th-rn. Personally he was a protectionist, and alwats had been. Mr. J. Mapstone proposed a vote of thanks to Messrs. Moffat and Coulson, which was seconded by Mr. G. S. Saunders, and carried with acclamation. Mr. Moffat, in reply, denied that the Labour party were disunited. He said that Mr. J. P. Hioolan maight have fallen out with the A.L.F. but he had not fallen out with the Labour party, and parted on most friendly terms with Mr. Glassey and himself when he was leaving for the North recently. He contended that Olr. Hoolan was now sltanding as an independent Labour candidate. Mr. Coulson also returned thanks. A vote of thanks waHs also accorded to the Chairman, and to the "Queenrsland Times" for sending arepresentative, anid i he umeeting, which had been a very quiet one, thien terminated. 