BKETOHBR. . — — DROWNING. 'Drowning is a pleasant death' is a remark oonBtantly made by those who never gulped down salt water into the delicate tissues of their lungs. Twice I have had the oppor- tunity of judging of the alleged delights attendant on death by drowning ; and on each oocasion my senBationB, so long as sensibility remained, were the reverse of pleasant: were, indeed, so painful that I wonder if drowning, like the drugs of the pharmacopoeia, does not afieot different individuals in a different m sinner. By some strange mental process, the cause of whioh I cannot explain, the earlier of the experi ences I am about to relate remains by far the more vivid impression of tho two, although the second was fifteen years later than the first. Every incident, emotion, and sensation of the earlier experience constantly returns to me at night. The second remains in oblivion unless I voluntarily and pur posely recall the circumstances to my mind, and then the picture called up is a oonsoious effort of the memory ; not the vivid and stirring panorama of an event whioh even now I am involuntarily compelled to witness anew , and from whioh I cannot esoape by any effort of the will. The earlier inoident, in all its externals, Is commonplace eaough. As a lad I was bathing in rough weather on the beaoh of a watering place in Northern France. Swept out to sea, I struggled, sank, became in sensible, and was saved by the courage and skill of a gallant Frenchman — who wrote his name that day in my mother's New Testament as a memorial of the resoue. This was all. The oiroumstunoes were ordinary. A thousand such may occur every year. Fsyohologioally, however, there are points of interest whioh arise principally from the fact that I remember all that happened dur ing a period of time whioh may have been four or five minutes, but whioh appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately I entered the water, the muoh-resounding roar of the waves struok me as desolating and sorrowful— full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fane y, I instinctively but foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth ; not because I intended to run any risk, for I could not swim, but because the strong current had scooped out a hollow in the sandy bottom, whioh had six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the momont when the water closed over my head for the first time cannot be described. It was the bitterest point of the struggle. Oruel and omnipotent force, without warn ing or reason, surrounded me, and my frantic and determined efforts to esoape only increased the pent-up passion to cease hold ing my breath and to inhale onoe more. I felt instinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black'Water, that if onoe I suooumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, whioh almost burst the ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would oome; that I should be compelled to breathe inwards while oovered with the pressing salt water. At this time I must have given way, and the dreaded stream of air-bubbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before I had watohed the drown ing of a oat in the dear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered toa stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the bnbbles rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom Swaying in the gentle current, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This scene came vividly before me. I thought of this wretohed oat, and was half amused to think that my oase was the case of the oat. There was no fear ; the actual circumstances filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud denly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, oheat, limbs, were all one solid pain. Just then 1 touohed the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in my month to end this struggle for air. All 1 wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, except as an interesting and immaterial faotor in the situation, oame over me. It is true that 1 remembered that I should be missed when dinner-time oame and I was found missing ; and thinking of the home people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a ohest of drawers in my bedroom, whioh I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was oonsoious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one in whioh one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were- From this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beaoh, whither my resouer had borne me. My first, thought was one of infinite and unreasoning shame ; bnt the nausea caused by swallowing so muoh salt water quiokly brought me back to earth again. On the seoond occasion, many years later, I was swimming at Borne distance from the shore in the tropios, and when I turned in a homeward direotion 1 found that the our- rent was too Btrong for me, and that, do what I could, I was being swept in an easterly direotion; and as the ooast line trended northward, this was equivalent to being taken out to sea. The sense of being once more in the dutch of an omnipotent and inexorable foroe of the sea overwhelmed me with dismay. I remembered with horror all the sensations that had attended my earlier experience of drowning, and to apprehension was added the knowledge that there waB some, though not a great, danger from sharks. I looked shorewards and sea wards, and saw to my joy that a small coral islet .or rook, a few feet square, lay in an easterly direotion, and that by hnsbanding my strength it might be practicable to reaoh it. Alternately swimming and floating, I was overcome by a terrible fatigue, and as my strength failed I became oonsoious of the faot thai a great disaster was at hand. Almost abandoning hope, I was involun tarily interested in contrasting the senBa tionB experienced under the shadow of the death that was impending with the feelings under similar circumstances fifteen years before. It suddenly occurred to me that if I shouted with all my remaining strength the sound might reach the Bhore, and that a canoe might be manned and put out for my rescue, and might reaoh me in time. Al though I was not aware of the faot, my orieB had been heard. Half swimming, half drifting with the tide, I had managed to swallow sufficient salt water to produce partial insensibility ; but by some good fortune, and almost unoonsoiously, it seems that 1 managed to reaoh the coral rook to whioh referenoe haB been made. Althnngh I felt no pain at the time, the sharp edgeB of the ooral growth severely out my hands and body, and I was bleeding freely when overtaken by a boat whioh, withont my knowledge, had put out to save me. I sud denly beoame oonsoious of the presenoe of my resouers, and automatically grasped with a frantic clutch the knife-like edges of the coral fronds, whioh grievously lao crated my fingers. 'Whether it was the smell of blood or mere aooident at the time when I was lifted from the water into the oanoe, a shark was almost touohing me ; but the noise and splashing made by the men in the boat suc cessfully frightened him away. JL have no recollection of being lif ted into the oanoe, but was in a dead faint for some minutes. At no time during this latter experience was I conscious of the slightest tendenoy to but- veymy pastlife, or to deplore the sins and failings whioh I share in eommon with the rest of humanity. It is a remarkable instance of Shake speare's omniBoienoe that he refers to the pain of drowning in the oelebrated soliloquy of Clarence in the play of Richard III. in a sense totally opposed to the popular con ception of this mode of death, and in exact agreement with my own experience. 4 Oh Lord methought, what pain it was to drown! What dreadful noise of water in mine ears ! What sights of ugly death within mine eyes ! and often did I strive To yield the ghost : but still the envious flood Stopj>'d in my soul, and would not let it To find the empty, vast, and wandering air ; But Bmother'd it within my panting bulk, Whioh almost burst to belch it in theses.' — Aenold White. 