MARULAN. (Fnox onn ConrursPONnDrr). Cnlnry BALL snD MINSTnREL ENTERTAINn ENT.-A charity ball and minstrel entertainmnent were given in thbe Oddfellows' Hall ,n July 14ith by the bachelors of Marulan in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr. John Shepherd. The entertainmentcommenced at 8 o'clock. The hall was crowded, owing no doubt to the small charge for admission, viz.-any silver coin. The troupo consisted of the following gentlemen:-M-r. N. Hourn was interlocutor: Messrs. C. Ferguson, J. Hatter, jun., E. W. Chard, and W. Harris filled the position of corner men; Messrs. B. Armstrong H. W. Sharp, J. Wallace, jun., and P. Tanner were arranged around the interlocutor; Masters Pearce, D. Sharp, G. Shepherd, and Luke Shepherd occupied the mat in front of the stage. The opening song was sung by Mr. E. W. Chard and was entitled "Cricket on the Hearth." The next song was by Mr. J. Hatter-" Good Old Jeff." " MIcCarthy's Widow" was next sung by Mr, WV. Harris. The song, " Mr. Mulkay, Hsq.," was next sungby Mr. C. Ferguson. "The Alabama Coon" was sung by Master George Shepherd. ' The Last Farewell" was contributed by Mr. M. WV. Sharp; "The Minor's Dream of Homs," by Maoter Pearce; " The Club," by Mr. J. WVallace; " Keep your Little Heart for Me," by Master D. Sharp: "Bessie was a Sailor's Bride," by Master Lukoe Shepherd; and"In the Morning," by Mr. P. Tanner. Various amusing gags were inter spersed between the songs, amongst the most amusing being " Mottoes," by J. Hatter; " Going Through College," by E. W. OChard: "Conun drums on a Kiss," by C. Ferguson. Some very good local gags and conundrums were given by Mnr. W. Harris. The amusing farce, "The Ghost," concluded the first part of the performance. It was produced by W. Harris, E. W. Chard, and N. Hourn, the lastnamed as the ghost. The second part commenced with a character song by Meesrs. W. Harris and E. W. Chard entitled " I'm the Daddy of a Little Black Coon," which evoked roars of laughter. The next song was by Mr. Ford, " I Loved You Better than You Know," for which he was deservedly encored. Mr. Ford re sponded by repeating the last verse and chorus. " The Song of the Steeple" was sung by Mr. W. Harris. The character song, " We are Two Micks," was rendered excellently by Messrs. J. Hatter and 0. Ferguson, who were loudly encored, and they responded by repeating the last verse and chorus. Then came the following : Song, "The Melbourne Burglar," Mr. J. Wallace; " Mrs. Henry Hawkins," by Mr. C. P. Smith; " My Grandfather's Poultry Yard," by Mr. E. W. Chard, which brought down the house, and was uproariously encored, the response being " Sally Green," for which the singer was again re called, but did not respond; " The Banks of the Clyde" was creditably rendered by Mr. W. Harris, who on being encored gave " There'll Come a Time;" "The Haunted Spring," Mr. Matt. Sharp; " Wot ChOer," given by Mr. C. P. Snith, was loudly applauded. The entertainment concluded with the side-splitting farce, " That Big Dawn Carlo." The characters were taken by Mlessrs. Hourn, E Chard, and W. Harris. Carlo is a large black half-bred mastiff and re. triever, and, being well known in the town, he caused no little excitement when he appeared He is the property of MIr. N. Hourn. The entertain ment concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. Dancing was commenced immediately after the entertalinment, and was kept up vigour oudly till the "wee sma' 'oore." The music was supplied free by Mr. J. Hatter, sen. (violin), assisted by Mr. Jos Mitohell (accordion). There were between 35 and 40 couples present. The dance was very much enjoyed throughout. The luncheon was kindly provided by the townspeople sod several out in the country. It has been rumoured that the food was thrown about the floor in a reckless man ner; but I am requested to state that the report is utterly false, as the food provided was first-class, and none was wasted. The proceeds amounted to £5 1is. Mr. Geeo. Shopherd acted as treasurer and LM.C. and Mr. N. Hourn as secretary, each carry ing out his duties satisfactorily. \VWnaTnHR -The weather, which has been very frosty of late, has undergone another change. Rain set in steadily on Sunday night, and it has oontinued showery since. The outlook for the approaching spring is splendid. 31/7/'90. 