CHAPTER XIX. It was a dismal afternoon. Kain was rustling down upon the grass, falling incess antly from grey clouds. Mists streamed up from tho low pastures, and blurred the sides of tho hills. As night approached the dreariness of the weather increased, and fog began to roll and spread up tho valley, and gather in drifts among the dripping trees. On the banks .of tho river near the weir was a little crowd of people. Some of their number directed and encouraged half-a-dozen labourers, who were dragging the water with wide nets. The low thunder of the weir sounded above the noise of the voices; and the water, swelled by the rain, rushed down the fall yellow with clay mud, and thick with froth. Tho twilight deepened, and the Bearchers were about to Rive up their work, when a shout from one of their number made everybody start forward. Then, slowly, and with difficulty, Bome heavy burden was drag ged up from the depths of the water. Saranna Gibson had been missing siuee the night of tho murder, and at last two men had come forward,and related what they had heard, that evening, near tho weir-pool. Their etory was sufficient to cau3e a search; but the river had born drnggsd all day with out success. Now, in the wet fog of tho twi light, Saranna's body was found. Jonathan was among t hose upon tho bank. He moved forward with a bewildered look, and the curious gazers fell back Lo let him pass. When the still figure was laid upon the grass, he bent over it in silence. Oue of the searchers, with an involuntary exclamation, pulled off his coat, aud flung it over the dead face. Then Jonathan slraightened himself, and passed his hand across his forehead. " Hoo'd best coom whoatn." ho Baid in a subdued voice. Somebody got a plank and the body was laid upon it and covered with a piece of sack ing. Then a slow procession Formed, and moved in tile direction of the town. The fog thickened, and the trees and rocks seemed to loom in and out of llio shifting vapours, like ghosts. Jonathan's hair and beard dripped with the damp, as he followed in tho steps of tile bearers. His chin rested on liis breast, and he breathed heavily as he walked along. When they reached tho main street the crowd at their heels increased. Two figures coming in an opposite direction, stopped short, as they met t.ho advancing throng. One of them was Mr. .Leicester, and he pointed to the plank, and asked if there had been an accident. " 'Tis Saranua Uibson," he was told by half-u dozen eager voices, " hoo's bin found i't' weir" Mr Leicester turned to Jonathan, " I'm sorry to hear this, Gibson," ho said, " very sorry." Jonathan lifted his heavy eyes and stared at the lawyer. Mr. Leicester's companion, a tall, elean-shayen man, oved the old weaver with intentness, and somo interest. Then suddenly Jonathan spoke. " Hoo's dead," he said briefly. " Yes. I am very sorry." " There's no ea to bo sorry.' It war lh' best thing as oould eoom to her." " What do you mean?" " I'so none say what I means, now. Is Mesther Sandys boun' to be tried afore a judge and jury, as they're sayin' i't' village?" " Yos," responded Mr. Leicester briefly. Jonathan passed his hand across his brow, and shook tile beads of wot from his fingers. " I'sc be theer," he said dreamily, '• I'so bo theer." And then he passed on after the bearers. " That is a strange fellow," Mr.Leieester's companion remarked, as the two men went on again, after this momentary interruption. " Yes. 1 wonder what he meant by those last speeches. Ho's half-witted." '• Has ho any connection with our ease ?" " His daughter had." " Ayo. In what way ?" Mr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's oxplanation of the passage between Mr. SandyB and his wife which Lewis had inter preted as a quarrel. By tile time he had finished speaking they had reached tho Priory. The butler admitted lliem, glancing at tile stranger curiously, and showed them straight into the room whero Lady Sandys and ICsther were sitting. Hetty Jupp wiib there also, for Esther had refused to part with her, and tho baby lay aBleep, tucked up among the cushions of tho couch. The old woman would have lifted iicr charge and withdraw n, but Enthcr, in a low voice, bade her not disturb the child. She, therefore,sat down on the other side of the sofa in silence. The room was in firelight, and the flicker ing glow distorted everything, and lent iinpishness to all the objects upon which it played. Betty's face vra» a witch's head grinning above tho conch; and the shadows of some chairs were threo devils duncing in a corncr. Perhaps the uncertain gleams made Esther's expression strange. Lady Sandys thought so, and,with a queer nervous ahiver, she hantily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. Mr. Leicester introduced tho stranger, before the light was brought in, and Lady Sandvg greeted him with a. eurtsev, Esther with a few nervous wordB. He was the solicitor who was to draw up tho brief for Humphrey^ counsel, and ho had pencil and note-book ready in his hand. Mr. Leicester began to pull off his cloves. and one or two commonplaces passed as Lewis brought in the lamp. They all watched liiin mechanically while he adjusted the wiek and drew the curtains. Tho baby moved a little and made an inarticulate sound. Betty glanced at iSsther, but only met an earnest look, anil quick shake of the head. Tho old woman saw that her neieo desired her pre wenee, and she began softly to hush the child where he lay. " Now," said Mi-. Leicester, with assumed cheerfulness, " if you please, Mrs. Sandys, we want all tho information ill your posseo sion." Esther moved restlessly, and her cheeks Hushed. " I will tell you what I can," she said. And forthwith she related, carefully and slowly, all the incidents she had witnessed which bore in any way upon the murder. The two solicitors heard her in silence, but the Btranffer—Mr. Berkeley—glanced at her sharply now and then. When sliB had finished speaking, he asked a quick question. " Does anyone else know of all this 1 " ".No—no one." Lady Sandys had remained silent, and Esther had been too much occupied in giving a cleat coherent account of events to aBk any questions. But at the lawyer's exclamation of disappointment, she turned to Mr, Leicester. " I should like, to understand, please," she said, pressing her hands lightly on her chest. " It has all been so tenible and so confused. I have understood nothing. What good can all this story do Humphrey ? " IVlr. Leicester looked at her with compas sion, touched by the strong constraint she was putting upon herself. Then he made her sit down again in her chair, and tried to explain the matter to her. " Wc want all the witnesses we can get," he said; "you see, the ease against your husband is a very strong one. It has been practically proved that the charge which killed Mr. FitzRoy' was sent from Mr. Humphrey's gun, aud, as you know, the last time the two gentlemen were seen to gether Mr. Humphrey was carrying his own fowling-piece, while Mr. FitzRoy had given his to the servant. Mr. Humphrey's account of the matter is that he and his cousin parted company soon after they had passed the Chellow Dene Works. Mr. FitzRoy borrowed the gun, saying that he might come across some game on the moors near Heath Brows, and that it was too lino to go home. Mr. Humphrey ac quiesced, and turned towards the valley, but sat down near the weir, and only roused himself when the twilight began to fall. He was then tempted to spend half-an- hour or so at the •' rush-berring," having dined, and not fearing.that you would be anxious. The murder must have been committted as he sat by the river; unfortunately, it was a lonely place—and, as ho met no one, wo cauuot, establish an alibi. Now, as you know.Lewis's evidence has gone terribly against him. for, as it stands, it supplies motive for the mur der. It was evident that the Coroner's jury believed that there had been a bitter quarrel on account of Mr. FitzRoy's attentions to yourself. The mistress of the pcnciller'B shed had been subpoenaed by the prosecu tion—she has talked about the note,declaring that you said you had dropped it from your own pocket. The paper is curiously tinted, you see, and very recognisable. What we must try to do is to prove that the note was intended for another person. It will be a great point in our favour if we can show that Mr. Humphrey was interfering or. behalf of one of of his tenants, not of himself. Now, do you.understand how important your story is to us?" Mr. Leicester had spoken without consul ting his papers, and in the clear earnest voice of one who distinctly sees all sides of the question that is occupying him. LadySandys had listened attentively, while Esther bent forward in her chair, her eyes fixed on him, her liandB ti.'/htlv elasned. She semed as if sho wished to speak, but, for a moment, could not find any words. Lady Sandys broke into a little pause. " Sarunna Gibson ? Cannot you subpmna her?" she asked, "I heard some story of her having left home." Mr. Leicester shook his head. " She is drowned," he said, in a low voice. " Her body was dragged up from the weir pool, to-night. ' Lady Sandys excliamed, and Mr. Berke ley looked up sharply from his notes. " We mustsubpcciia the father, Mr. Leices ter. You remember what he said to- night "Aye." " If wo can get a witness.to swear that this note was intended for Saranna Gibson it will b3, as you say, a point of no little value. Surely this flirtation was gossiped about in the village." Lady Sandys shook her head. ; " I do not believe anybody knew anything abput it," sho said, " though thero may have' bedn rumours." . , " 1 hope to goodness wo shall find someone who kriew," said Mr. Berkeley rather shortly. " We can't afford to lose a valuable pieco of ovidenco like this." " Why must it bo lost ?" asked Esther, below her breath, fixing her earnest eyes upon the stranger's face. " I am speaking the truth. I can tell all about it." " Aye, aye," ho answered, more gently than ho had yet *pok«n, " but it. in not ad missible." " Why ?" " You are his wife," Mr. Leicester ex plained, compassionately, " and the law debars you from becoming a witness." (To be continued.) 