THE HOUSEHOLD. AMATEUR PAPERHANCiNC, Jones Is a paperhnngcr and whttewasher by profession and a genius by birth. I thought he was quite an ordinary person as lately as last vyeek. Now I know better. Jones is a genius. Last week It became necessary to do up the little room behind the dinlngroom. The wnjl paper was worn out and the celling was shabby and black. It 13 qnlte a small apart- ueut, and I foresaw no difficulty whatever In doing it up myself. I bad never beforo actually gone so far as to paper and white wash auy room (aud I devoutly hope I never may ngaln), but I had made the best use of such opportunities as had come lu my way for learning how to do It. I watched Jones most curefully when, only a short time ago, he came to paper the walls. and whitewash the celling of tho halt. Both these opera tions seemed opcratlous of surpassing ease and pleasantness. Jones brought with him two buckets nnd two motherly-looking brushes. Oue bucket held the whitewash, of which more anon. The other coutalued "paste," with which Jones set about his paporbnnglug In the most light-hearted way. I remembered thnt l>c whistled as be hung. And It Is an accepted axiom that whistling and deep thought are Incompatible. It all seemed simple us the alphabet. lie laid his paper wrong way up upon a shapely board, and pasted It well, using broad sweeps of his motherly brush. Jones's brush work nlonc would commend liini to a place among the Immortals. Then he skipped up his lad der, laid the paper ou the wall, gave It a couple of reassuring puts, and cairn- down again. Tho paper went exactly where he wished It to. It adhered to the wall with the utmost amiability. It hung still and straight as a die, without a crease or a wrinkle or a fold anywhere from top to bottoui. And the joins matched oue another with perfect ease and propriety. Anybody, I thought, not being nil absolute fool, could bang wall paper after the inauuer of Jones. So 1 be gan. I made the paste nnd applied It to .the blank side of the paper. So far all was well. Thou 1 endeavored to lift the pasted sheet nnd carry It to the wall. It would not stir; Jones's paper had responded at once to his luvltntlon; But for me It would ilo nothing. It sulked. On applying a-llttle pressure, it tore feebly across, hnlf way down. This In cident Inspired. me with a new idea. If : It was- awkward to hang- a whole length at ouoe, why not do It in halves'! The joln horl-; zontal would he at least aB eusy ns the join vertical, nnd much less dlhieult to conceal, If defective. Oue does not often see a frieze half way up a wall, but there ls no reason, In a perfectly free country, why It should not be there quite ns wetl as at the top. Tho first length was, on the whole, a suc cess. It wns.'-l perceived when too late, -up side down; but the effect produced, though no doubt contrary - to tberinteutlons of the designer, was not unpletislng. The second length also developed; an: Individuality of Its own. It was crlnkledj and puckered aud corrugated-da . t he ; most' -delight fully fresh and original manu'er.' But tbe third anil fol lowing lengths' were1 more icurious still. They were' covered wltli : paste ' upon both sides. Strauge, was It' not? Joiies himself could not explain" it.- This peculiarity grew anil waxed and Tucreased;uutll, Towards -the end, there wns more paste upon the face of that wall - paper- than upon ltaiback. .When all tiie'lengtlis wcre!up;-.the. general effect wns decidedly uhconinibuf j:The"- garlands of the pattern Uuiig,''somo' orio -why;- some another, just a k they would 'do ln thelr native hedge. Not only the deaf. but The entire rose bush was crumpled;1' with 'dhtMqunlii test puckers and lucks aud 'wrinklclr.dii. every direetiou, while the paste 'upon- thefnee of the wall paper produced a 'dlruV'i-adlance through which the roseA sihlled.'af you as through a. mist of tears.' "d'liqdwhble liunresslon was distinctly Tiirnefesaue. 'l affected to be pleased wltlidt. - I snug and whistled— just a little; 1 would- not'-hnve anybody tlilnkd wns less' cheerful., than ..'Jones. . But If was not a geiiulne joy. ' " : And If the. wall paper was a worry, the whitewash was. a woe.'.'.'Whea Jones wished, to whitewash'; ho had.'buf to dip his: other, brush lu the other bucket to which I . have; referred, arid pass It too '-'nnd fro across the ceiling. The whitewash obediently ndtaerod to -the plaster u-iLbout so inueli us shedding a single drop upon Jones's sleek brown hair. I bad no reason to suppose it would behave otherwise -with me. ddow. should the white wash know that It wtis I. ami not '.lonos at the other end of the,- brush.'! But— alack! that I should have: to write It— the white wash did know perfectly, well, ami took tlie meanest, most despicable; advantage of the fact. Armed with brush nnil bucket, I ran gaily (the gaiety was.nll;put on, to be like Jones) up the step-lndilcr. I was even 'dressed, -ns nearly: as possible, to. resemble Jones. I wore a long, .loose .flowing' garment of some white nmterlal-(I liave noticed that writers of bonks never seem quite certain what their clothes are made of; they are always described as of ."sonic" fabric, when all the time they menu that it, was serge or calico or other everyday stuff). My gar ment, that was after Jones's garment, bung about my person In classic folds. Tlie front view resembled a surplice of the Evangelical persuasion, tlian which there Is no ««« be coming vestment; behind it was like the Ghost In Hamlet, as seen on the provincial S'fuU of a high hope, I dipped the brush Into tho luscious cream like liquid, mid essayed to belli. The first tiling the brush Uhl was to hurl itself headlong out of my hand, raising, as It struck the floor, a splashing pool of whitewash. Pool, did I say? It was no pool. It wns an ocean, witli waves and bil lows all complete. Just about lilgb tide, too, and tlic wallpaper for the bcacli. Tbc waves dashed themselves against tlic wall, and covered It liberally lu every direction with themselves. For It ls a little room, nnd tlicrc is great carrying power In whitewash. You would lie surprised to see how far It will go. 1 recovered the brush und, having filled It, I again swept It cnrcfully around the ceil ing. But do you suppose the whitewash would stay there? Not a bit of It. Down it all caunf into my eye. I did not object very much at first. It felt more thorough, and I like, besides, to be Identified with my work. So I calmly wiped the whitewash tear away, and went ou, damp hut undaunted. It wns exactly like a shower hath. I did not under stand It, Jones lind sung clierrily ns lie worked. If I opened my mouth, there came down Into It an avalanche of lime and water, so that I wns three parts drowned. It was Impossible to slug. After three or four suc cessive deluges, I felt myself threatened with Influenza nnd other complaints, and I, knew that I was spoiling my clothes. Iti I was very well Identifying oneself with one's work, but, after all, It was the ceiling that required whitewashing Just then, although, no doubt, we all slund lu need of the process | more or less. I So once more I came down and put on n mackintosh over my robe. I also donned a pair of goloshes for tho better navigation of the Jordan on the floor. And for further protection I procured an umbrella. If I swung the bucket, dairy tuald fashion, over ! my arm, I should have one hand left free to \- wield this Invaluable weapon. An umbrella I Is a famous thing. Why the use of it should | be restricted to the open air no man has yet ; satisfactorily explained. It ls equally useful Indoors. Nothing Is better in a draught tliau an umbrella, and a parasol Is as great a pro tection agulnst a hot fire ns agalnBt the rays of the sun Itself. My umbrella on this occa sion displayed all that ready tact for which It Is remarkable. I whitewashed most com fortably, seated under It on the top step of the ladder, and I tied the brush to the end of a broom handle, by this means obtaining a wider sweep tknu beforo. This broom handle Idea was my very own. Joue3 will be jealous when I tell him. I feel sure he never thought of It, eminent artist as he is. But the whitewash, I grieve to say, be haved badly. Deprived of the pleasure of drowning me, It vented its spite upon the new wall paper. It hardly deigned to go upon the celling at nil. The wall was the only part of the room to which It appeared to take any relish In affixing Itscdf. Long be fore I bail finished there was not an Inch of pnper risible anywhere. At first I was In clined to mourn the double eclipse of my pretty loses, but on reflection 1 cheered up) dor la not the highest art that which con ceals art? Mine Is that sort. Nothing could be more successfully concealed thnn mv papering was by my whitewashing— and 1 have sent for Jones to come next Monday unt do It nil over ngnln. r,1" al.5cuIt, ,' Sl,y whlc1' of the two, the or,the whitewash displayed the greater Is "f consideration. Personally, I think rf.'?S th0 worst- The pnste Slkii 1 5 1 Its P0P®r- Rut the White: wash to go where it was not wantod, and .to meddle In thnt with wbloh It hnd no concern. One cannot wonder that the cits- torn Of WhltoU'flShlnrr lino .it T4 , —-"o »« tuiivu IUIU uire- Mob' Gazette!"011 Ila'f t0 