A GHOSTLY APPEAR ANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGH BOURHOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants fromn another sphere, yet with the majority of folks the belief dies hard. Miss. larner, of "Lamington," Victoria-road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something re sembling a ghost-when, for instance she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' illness. She says: "I commenced, some two years ago to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experi enced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order. and I took the " quinine tonic " given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in mo" shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." "' We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, "but without effect ; then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practitioner He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and ad vised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to (Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a" more ghost." "This time last year," said Miss. Alice, " 1 weighsel 7st 31bs., now I am Ust 71bs." "'A great improvement ; your treat ment must have been beneficial." "No ; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of I)r. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel-street, Prahan; they did me so much good that I con tinued with thenm. It.is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as-"healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them?" "Yes; and that strongly, too;" said Mr. Marner, "had I- known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred poiunds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure ananmia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, c6nsumption, chronic erysi pelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Com pany. c/o Locke, Tomnpsitt and Co., Flinders St4ieet, Mell,ourmrre," at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepence. but are genuine only with the full name (seven words). Dr. Wil liamuts Pink Pi1ll for Pale People, on each box. T'!mtands have testified to their curn t.i, . ,,owers. 