HAMLET. SABAH BEBNHAKDT'S VIEW. Madame Sarah Bernhardt writes a long letter in French to the "Daily Telegraph" by way of reply to some of tb<? criticisms passed upon her reading of " Hamlet." Among the points dealt with are the following:— I am reproached with' not befog snffieietiy astonished, not sufficiently dumbfounded, when I. see the ghost. But Hamlet comes expressly to see it; he awaits it, and utters these words, "'I wiH speak to It, though hell Itself should gape and bid me hold my peace." These are not the words of a weak or languid person, When the ghost wants to take him aside, he draws Lis sword against his friends, and threatens to kill them if they will not let him pass. That does not bespeak a feeble man. Hamlet dreams when he is alone, but in company he speaks—speaks to conceal Ms thoughts. I am reproached with not being polite enough with Polonius; but Shakespeare makes Hamlet say all kinds of unpleasant things to him. When Polonius says to him, "My honorable lord, I will most humbly take my leave of you," Hamlet replies, "You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I will more willingly part' withal." Beally, I do not know a more cutting or better merited reply. In the Oratory scene I am reproached with going too near the King; but if Hamlet wishes to kill the King, surely he must be close to him. And when he hears him prays words of repentance, he thinks that if he kills him be will send him to Heaven; and he does not kill the King, not because be is vacillating and weak, but because he is firm and logical. Hs wishes to kill him in a state of sin. not of repentance; for he desires to send him to bell and not to Heaven. Some wish tc see in Hamlet, a womanish, hesitating, flighty mind. To me he seems a manly, resolute, but tbbughtful being. As soon as Hamlet gathers what is in his father's mind and learns of his murder, he forms the resolution to avenge him; but as he is the opposite of Othello—who acts first and thinks afterwards—Hamlet thinks before he acts, which is the sign of great strength and great power of mind. Hamlet loves Ophelia! He reECunces his love! He renounces study! He renounces everything—in order to gain his object. And he attains it He kills the King while in the blackest and most mortal sin; but he kills him only when he Is absolutely sure. When he is sent to England he takes the first opportunity of leaping alone into an enemy's vessel, and announces bis name that he may be made prisoner, certain that he will be brought back. He calmly sends Bosencrantz and Guiidenstern to death. AU this bespeaks a young, strong and determined character. VQien,be.dreams, it is of his plan—of Ins vengeance. If God had nbt forbidden suicide he would have killed himself in disgust of the world. But since be canot kill himself, be will kill! The lady concludes with the statement that Shakespeare, by his colossal genius,, belongs to the universe, and that a French, a German, ora Russian brain has the right to admire and to understand him. 