THE SCHOOL MAID AND HER FATHER. Girls are generally credited witli being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of thoir parents; probably maternal influence is responsible for thiE. Bqys— school boys at any rate—are pretty well, all tarred with the same brush, their first 6tcj" in tho direction of striking for liberty not infrequently amounting to playing truani from school, or "wagging it," as it is frr cjiieutly termed. Whatever the early offences of young lajlies r.-ay b;. they have rarely been charged wit! that of playing truant. As an instance ef obedience to paternal wishes may b. quoted the following:—Miss Alice Marne' is the .daughter of Mr. George Marner, c "Lamiiigton," Victoria road, Auburn. Mis:-' MarHcr had been very ill, and upon return ing from school she experienced a eontinuec, languid feeling that made her most miser able. In the course of conversation with a reporter she said:—"Father took me to sec a doctor ,and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying tliis order, and I took thc 'quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rost." "We tried everything to induce sleep," in terposed Mr. Marner, "but it had 110 effect, then I consulted a well known Collins-street practitioner. He said my daughter was suf fering principally from weakness, and ad vised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but 6he returned looking worse. She would also retell on ris ing in the morning; and food taken could I not be Ifcpt down. She lost flesh and. bccairt a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 31b., now I am 9st. 710." "A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial?" "Xo; all the medicine I got did me very littlo good. Actually Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just beforo the Jubilee holidays last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel-street, Prahrau. I had heard so much of the beneficial changes which they had produced in others, that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow the directions. I am glad to say that they did me so much good that I con tinued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them?" "Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marncr; "had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two y-aars before "it would have saved mo a hundred pounds." A perusal of the fore going must have shown -you that Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People accomplish cures after other remedies have failed. They did in'Miss Maimer's ease. For rheumatism, influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia, sciatica, lumbago, general weakness, etc., given s fair trial, they never disappoint. Avoid substi tutes and get the genuine pills with all seven words—Dr. Williams' Pin'k Pills for Palo People—-printed in red ink on while outside v,-i-anner. Of chemists and storekeepers, and !!"• Dr. Willi:,m,-' Medicine Co.. cave nf Noel-re. Ti.-mpsitt- ar.d Co., riindcrs-slroet, Melbourne; six boxes, ID/:!; one box, 2/9, pust paid. The,so arc the pills which cured, Miss Mamor, 