AMUSEMENT OPERA BY STUDENTS. A large and brilliant audience filled the Alexandra Theatre in all parts yesterday evening, when the students of the Uni- versity Conservatorium of Music gave a series of scenes from various operas. Owing to the dearth of male pupils possessing the requisite qualifications, the extracts were necessarily limited to those for female char- acters only; but whatever else the enter- tainment may have lacked, it did not as- suredly lack variety. The proceedings opened with a good performance of Mo- zart's Don Juan overture, to which succeed- ed a portion of the third act of Faust, Miss Maude Jenkins singing the Flower Song agreeably and unaffectedly, if rather too slowly; while Miss Marguerite Henderson gave a good account of herself in the Jewel Song. Next in order came an aria from The Hermit's Bell (Les Dragons de Villars), in which Miss Mona M Caughey did toler- ably full justice: indeed, the precise reasons for including this selection are not quite easy to fathom, as it is of no special musical merit or interest apart from its context. The well-known Page's Song from Act 1 of The Huguenots afforded Miss Maud How- son an opportunity of displaying a pleasing and flexible voice, while the air for Queen Margherita, which comes at the beginning of the next act, was very creditably sung by Miss Kate Samuels, who, in considera- tion of an otherwise meritorious perform- ance, may well be pardoned a slip towards its close. The somewhat labored and not particularly easy quartet which is dove- tailed between the two movements of the aria was also well sung, the intonation be- ing more praiseworthy than is always the case with professional presentations of the opera. A scene from the third act of Der Frei- schutz came next on the programme, and here Miss Mona M'Caughey made a decided hit as the frolicsome Ann, her delivery of the mock-heroic song, about the ghost her grandmother saw, being capitally given. Miss Martha Kievesahl also sang Agatha's music very acceptably, though a clearer articulation of words is a point to which she may be counselled to pay more heed; and the several bridesmaids were efficient exponents of their small parts. The best scenes of all, however, were those from Aida and Lohengrin. In the former excerpt Miss Elmbirst Goode both sang and acted well as the Æthiopian Slave, and Miss Con- stance Browne made a very competent Amneris: and in the latter Miss Florence Towl's Ortrud exhihited strong dramatic power coupled with effective singing, while Miss Marguerite Henderson made a very satisfactory Elsa. The orchestral accom- paniments were carefully and for the most part very accurately played under Mr. Mar- shall-Hall's guidance : the scenery and dresses were adequate, if no more; and on the whole the affair proved highly success- ful as an entertainment, reflecting great credit upon those who bore the not incon- siderable "burden and heat" connected with the arrangement and preparation of the per- formance. 