Mlv's Gki nVBE cold lopoz light ol the ©Jls spring tivening glimmered faintly o» the shingled sides of tho old farmhouse as ,'Dollv Miller leaned a second on the.gnto to look a last farewell, In five minutes the stago would como along and beer her away to a new destiny, An auction sale had taken placo tho day before; the old i rooms were all dismantled. Unclo Will had been taken away to Jfrs. Brown's, where ho was to 'board out,' the price of an old cherry bedstead, a toll dock, and u set of antique crockery-ware. fUy that time,' Dolly . bed cheerfully said, ' I can, perhaps, send a little money. For of course X shall begin to earn something very soon. And he must think he's only on nvisjt, and ho sure Joa don't toNjliitn I've Jgone to lOndon, and the old plaeois shut up. It would break his heart.' ' I dunno's as he'll notice any difference,' said Mrs. Brown, who was fat and phlegmatio, ' Most things arc alike to a man that's over eighty, so long's he gets plenty to eat aud a good bed to sleep on.' ' Oh, hut Unclo Will is X'cry observing !' s;i?d Dolly with tears n her bright eyes. ' Aud ho was father's undo, and he, was very good to him once.' It'll bo till right, don't you fret,' said Mrs, Brown. But nevertheless Dollyfajt \- -eonsoxowa-smtsxirirTO think; how she had given the old man the slip, even though it were for his good. $_Even .now as she oamo up from the lit tlo churchyard, with her hand filled with yellow crooussos she had gathered from her father's grave, she fancied she oould see Urielc Will iu his old place on the porch steps, the bleak wind blowing his white hair about. Was it — could it ho possible — JIo rose, with a scnile smile, Jand vlllllb lUtiUIUii Uvlj: vUlijiUg lu one hand a little buqdle.waapped in a red silk handkerchief. ' Well, Dolly,' said - he, f'I've coino back, I didn't nohow fancy Betsy Brown's copkin', and them children wus awful noisy. But I couldn't get in. Who locked tho door. . 'Oh, Uncle Will,' oried Dolly in a sort of despair, 'you must f go back !' A gainst the yellow glow of the topaz sky the form of the stage coach was already outlined. alni — ot tt„„i„ vxrin i oaiu UUUIU YY 411 cheerfully. 'Well, I guess I'll go too. YouJ-upd me, Doily— xve hadn't ort to be parted.' jf ' Dear, dear !' said Dolly wring tug her hands, » WhaWshallJl do — what can I do?' In tho great city Dolly Miller folt as solitary as the traveller in some Eastern desert. Mix Wept- xvorth, who had bought .the big carved Dutch cabinet with the secret drawer, und the old arm chair, looked at her with un- Teeognizing eyes. ' Oh, I remember now 1' said he. 'We've sold the Antwerp iHibinct, but tho arm-ohaiy don't nuuiuuuw go on. its a great curiosity, of course. People come -and look at it, and then go ftwuyftgain. I think myself Mr. Dawsou has put rather ft high price upon it. Eh.? What did £ jou say ? Work? But I don't know what you can do.' ' I can do anything !' said Dolly yalicntly. 'I must do something s —or starve.' ' Is it so had as that?' Mr. Wentworth had pleasant dark oyes.ftnd spoko kindly, as ho looked dawn upon her from .. Ins high desk ut the cktremo end > of tho 1 on dreary saleroom, a Dl!y tried — not without sno- poss— to keep away tho tears. ' I supposed,' said she, ' that everybody could do well in the pity. But l'vp foqud oqt my : miStfiko.' J ust then a paper-capped work- y : , man crime up and spoke ft xvord pi two to Mr, Wentworth. lie looked vexed, ' Well;' sqid he, i send fpr potneone else. If she ponies back , . ugaip I won't take her on, Let i t'i«UbQjiilly. understood' Dolly; looked up quickly. 5 i '"Who i 4t,' 6ftd she-A-' a type- writer or an uphalsterev?' Ho smiled. 'Neither,' said he, Only the old woman who keeps the furni ture dusted and rubbed up. She has an unfortunate partiality for the bottle, I'm sorry to say.: 'I oould dust chiffoniers and rub up sideboards,' promptly spoke Dolly, 'Its only ten shillings a week,' said Wentworth, 'But wo might make it fifteen,' 'Ten shillings a week is better than nothing a week.' said logical Dolly. ' Vory well,' said Mr. Went worth, ' tho place is yours.' And inwardly ho liked her pluck. Thus Dolly Miller, who had her vagno yearnings after a 'career,' settled down to work in Dawson and Wetitworth'a great firm. She went abont in a big bib apron, with a feather-duster in one hand and abottle of fnrnitnre oil in the other: She viewed'the window sashes critically, saw that keys were fitted properly and mouldings polished up. And when tho cashier paid her her first fifteen shillings Bhe felt rich beyond expression, 'The stock never looked so nice,' said the foreman. ' She's a raro 'un to work.' She sold that, old Mario Antoinette xvriting-desk to Mrs. Davidson whilo I was gone,' said 1 the head salesman. 1 Made as 1 good a bargain as I could have done myself.' < She's dikbovered the gas-leak in the basement,' declared the errand-hoy ? 'and the pltfmberp. rVowmK-anA-declarincaU the time there wasn't none Ihere. Oh, I tell you Miss Miller's got her wits about her 1' A few days later Mr. Dawson camo bustling the office. ' What's this I hear ?' said he. People tell me the place is getting famous. Something conoerning a ghost. What i3 it all about?' ' Well, I can't say anything decided about it,' said Wentworth, ' a sort of romour connected with the old chair, and a white headed old spectre that sits.in it. Three or xour oiTue w eai-ena customers have been, down to look at it al- ready tbis morning, and we've had two newspaper reporters, and an artist from an illustrated week ly during the week.' 1 Has any one seen the ghoBt ?' asked Dawson incredulously, ' I haveut,' said Wontworth. 1 Where do yon keep the chair ?' demanded DawBon. Wentworth laid down his pen. ' I'll show you,' said he. Dolly Miller xras polishing up some ancient brass escutcheons ou a oeuiury-uiu uurc&u; uowu in the basement, and singing at hor work. She smiled at the pattenors as they passed. " 'We're coming down to see ihe ghost, ' said Wentworth. Dolly stopped her work. ' What ghost ?' said she. ' Haven't you heard ?' "Went- worthcalled back from the further room. ' The ghost that sits in your old chair.' 'A— ghost I' Dolly grew very pale. She pressed her hand to her head. Why, you aren't afraid of ghosts, be you, Miss Miller? saia tne errana-ooy, wno naa come downstairs.to get the bunch of odd keys for one of the Bales- men.' ' Jts very strange,' said Went worth, .reappearing, . 'You must, have been mistaken, DawBon.' .. ! ' I tell you,' said the senior partner, whose rubicund face wore a tallowly whiteness, 'I did see an old man there when we first came in.' 1 Then what became of hira ?' jeered Wentworth. ' I don't know,' said Dawson wiping his damp forehead with a China silk pookethandkerchief. ' It was just a sudden glimgse, you know. He sat there in the old chair, and when I looked again he was gone. Why, man alive, do you doubt what I'm saying?' a 'This is quite unaooountable,' paid Wentworth. ' Are yon sure you are not mistaken?' ' Am I sure I'm standing here ?' retorted Dawson. 'Let's go up stairs, Sell that ehajr, Went worth, the first offer you get. There's something uncftnny fthopt < golf it !' egkQoI Wworlh, 'Not for a thousand pounds I That ohiiir is going to make onr fortune yet, -I didn't know yes terday but that were going into liquidation. Things look very different today.' On the stairs they met three distinot parties going down to see the chair, and, , although no definate statemeiit was . ' made, there was a general ' understand ing that the flurried old gentler man with the red face, who was being helped into the eiov&tor.; iad seen the ghost. oaxi't think what sort of a cobweb Dawson has got into his broin,' said Wontworth. ' I didn't see anything.' Meanwhile Dolly had dropped her chamois-skin and vanished into tho dark recesses of the inner room, where tho chair had been placed. ' Unclo Will,' she whispered, energetically, ' you promised mo you'd bo very good and quiet if I'd let you como to the shop with mie sometimes.' ' Its the old chair wo used to have at homo, Dolly,' piped Uncle Will from behind a beetle-bound wardrobe. 'I can't somehow Bet easy in nono of the' rest of them.' Tears brimmed into Dolly's eyes. There was something in effably pitious in the old octo genarian's shrinking figure and white hairs, and made the girl mako up her mind at once. She rim up stairs to Mr. Wentworth. 'Can I spoak to you sir ?' said she. Wentworfh laid down his pen. ' I hope you're not going to leave us. Miss Miller ?' said he. 'Yes, I am 1' said Dolly. 'I can't stand it any lodger ?' ' Why, what's wrong ?' ' The — ghost !' sobbed Dolly. ' Why, you never moan to say ' Yes, I do !' oricd Dolly, 'it's my old grand-uncle, William Miller. Its no ghost at all !' 'What !' cried Mr. Wentworth. 'Yes,' faltered Dolly. 'He lives with me, and the little bed room is very small, and only warmed from the hall, and so he has got into the way of coming here, with his dinner wrapped in a pnper, and sitting by the big heater in tho back wareroom where no ono can see him, while I am at my work. . He is very harmless, sir, and quiet, but a tew days ago he found tho old qhair that was brought from the Miller homestead. And he will sit there except when he hears a strange footstep, and thou he slinks awny as rapidly as ho can." But of course I seo now that it is all wrong. And I'll go away at onoe. My landlady knows a place where they want a music- teacher for tiyo little girls;' > , . .. — : — , . , - — " My dear Miss Miller,' said Mr. Wentworth, 'you > shall do noihing of tho kind. Do you know that this strange chance medley of > events is going to be tho making of this house ? The firm of Daw son and > Wentworth is getting to be the fashion at last, we should really miss you— > very much in deed. Our stenographer gave me notice this morniug that she is > going to better herself, I.thiuk I heard you oneo say that you un derstood > the .business. Would you like the place ?' ' Oh,' cried fjojly, clasping her hands, 'it seems almost too good lueg to bo true.1' ; With the rise of salary better lodging was procured for poor old Unole Will and. ho was content to sit at home and bask in the sun shine of a happy: south window, with the landlady's cherry- olicek- cd daughter to. look after him at odd times, while Dolly took down stenographic notes and rattled the keys of the typo-writer with a will. And she had plonty to do, for the fortunes of Dawson & Went worth were steadily rising now ; 'thanks,' as tho junior partuor remarked, 'to tho ghost.' And oue evening Dolly came home with ohceks redder than the two big pcaohes she brought to the old man. Unole Will,' she said, 'would you like to go bnok to tho old homestead?' 'Would I like to go to heaven?' said uncle Will. ' Because,' 6aid' Dolly, ' I am going to be married, and my fu ture /husband says I shall have the dear old ulaoe for' a eountrv home, and you are to. live with me.' - - - -- ' ' Is it Mr. Wehtwoith'?' asked unole. Will. ' How did you; know ?' smiled Dolly. ' " ' Oh, I dunno,' said Uncle Will. 'I sort o' guessed. - I'd not wonder if you was pretty midnlin' happy with hijn.' And he began to pare the big gest peaoh with his jack-knife. Mr. Went-worth oame that evening to seo the old man. 'Dolly is my luok, said he, ' I can't let Dolly pass out of my life.' ' Dolly is a good gal,' said her uncle. . ; But he never knew the ghostly part he had unconsciously played in the drama of events. , . "'"/'f' ' " — Laziness, cordlesBncss, nnd fil" thiness are a trio which -have brought destruction and ruin tc many men. '- Beauty to women is Iiko the flower in spring ; but virtue is like tho stars of heaven. For Bronchial Cimqlis tnl'-o XVood' JGrcni Popporinmt Gujo, 1/6 uudC, . . .-a i'.--:-v / . .. The. timely discovery /or the advo- oaoy by the Doily Telegraph,- on January 28 last, . of the proposal to hold the ooiifereiioe of Premiers in seoret in order', to secure full and frank disoussion is the eeusation of the cam paign. '.The unearthed artiole appeared like forked lightning in the faoes of the anti-federalists and scared- them off their preoious Daily Telegraph boomed "Seoret Conferenoe Bill" B iare. ' The oxtraot is being reprinted throughou.t;the colony, and ie being read -from every federal platform. It puts the Daily Telpgrapn in its own blessed' ""witness box and simply polishes off at oneo 'all the stagnant twelve months old anti-federal testi monies resurrected by the Daily Tele graph. Nemesis is how boarding and lodging 'with the Daily Telegraph. If you want to make the Daily Tele graph.' 'mad, just whisper " Secret Oonferenbo'."; It was, of course, shocking bad tasto on the part of the writer who ' unearthed the wretched article just when the Daily Telegraph waa seething with' "seoret conforenoo" saroasm, .but as thedisoovery turned the metropolitan tiue.in favour of the amended bill the "guardian angels" of Australia will proteot him from tho fury of_the anti- federalists. When is an editorial ' staff not an editorial etaff ? Ask "Outis" of the Daily Telegraph,- An interesting feature of the special Australian edition of tho International Diotianary is an Australian Gazetteer o impiled by Mr. Fred. J. Broomfield one of Sydney's ablest journalists. This gazetteer is the most complete and comprehensive concerning this eontinent and no township, or village either, on or off tho map, £ut indu bitably on the territory, ie lost from this unique and admirably arranged colleotion.f (Every oentre.of popula tion, even though the oontre itself be limited to two people, is detailed. Geographioal faot, name, and data are givcu pioujoBiy nuu puiuicuijras a work of referenae to those particu larly interested in the correot pronun ciation as well as spelling of geo graphical names the compilation will be found indispensible. Mr. Broom- field is warmly oabgratulated on suc cessfully accomplishing a big oontraot. 