The Grey Eagle of the Atlantic. CHAPTER XVI. V J Steering as near as possible in the dim starlight on the course which the strange sail had' taken, Irene bade Silly Bill draw aft the sheet, for the -wind, -was now forward of the beam. ' Steve Crane wants ns tew come back,' said Bill, a little while later. ' The fire is lighted on the island.' Irene looked around and saw it was so. She saw more. 'There are a good many people there, Bill,' she said. ' You can see them standing by the house. What caa that mean ?' ' I don't know. I guess Steve Crane is catchin' judgment for somethin' he's done. Them men has got guns, whoever they be.' 'Yes, and I am afraid to go back. If he has made that signal for us, it cannot be that he expects us to help him against so many. I will not go,' said Irene. ' Well, as we're in the same boat I can't go without yeou do ; so there's an end of that. But there's a boat a shovin' off and a ?comin' this way. Let's us take down our sail, Miss Reney, and keep jest as still as mice when the cat is about, so they'll not see us if they do come this way, for we're in tho dark here now.' ' That is a good idea, Bill — take in the sail. Wc will look for that' boat some other time.' Bill lowered the sail and the boat drifted idly along. The fire, at first so 'bright and | vivid that everything couid be seen on the j island, now rapidly died away until it was no longer visible in the gloom. ' You can hoist the sail, I think, Bill. I do not believe that boat is coming this way.' 'Yes 'tis, Miss Reney — yes 'tis. I heard the oars jest now — there — there, don't yeon hear 'em?' 'Yes — and I see the boat too — it is a long white gig, just such a one as we saw alongside of the Grey Eagle.' ' Yes, Miss Reney, and I'll bet a cockie it ib her. May I hail her ?' ' Not yet— but get ont yonr oars, for she is steering right on to us.' ' Boat ahoy — what boat is that ?' cried a sharp, clear -voice the next instant, for the gig was close aboard when discovered by Irene, and now checked speed within a couple of oars' length. ' Father calls her tho Pinky, Mr. Morley — I don't know as she has any other name,' said Irene, who had quickly recognized the speaker by his voice. ' Oh, is it you, Miss Irene ?' cried the de lighted young officer. 'We were out in search of a boat with a large lateen sail ? ' Yes — the Phantom Boat it is called by some who believe in ghostly things. I saw it, and was trying to overhaul it, when, by the light of a fire on the island, made, we supposed, to recall ns, we saw a good many people there, and took in our sail to avoid discovery.' ' Yonr father has more visitors to-night, fair lady, than he bargained for. I came down in command of an expedition of a couple of armed boats, hoping, among other things in the way of duty, to have the pleasure of seeing yon. On landing, we surprised the crew of a boat from the British frigate Arethusa, and learned from our prisoners that Sir Edward Hardy, Admiral of the Fleet, and Lieutenant SeatoD, were on a visit to yonr father. So wo captured them. I then made inquiries for you and our friond Bill here, and was answered in a very insolent way by your father that he had sent yon out sailing, and yon would only come back on a signal made by him: Iasked him to make tho signal. Ho insultingly refused, and I threatened to hang him. Not that I intended to do it, but I thought I would frighten him so that he would recall you. For oven with my good fortune in getting such important prisoners, I could not go back to my vessel without seeing you. It was so dark that we lighted a fire to make our preparations by, and then, in his anger, Steve Crano, let it out tbat the fire was really a signal for your recall.' 'Yes — that was to bo the signal,' said Irene. 'While we were talking,' continued young Morley, ' a boat under a single lateen sail swept by with two persons in it. Your father, much terrified, apparently, called it a Phantom Boat. As I don't believe in phantoms, and thought his terror might be assumed to cloak some one, I made up my mind to pursue the bout and sue who was in it. And now 1 have found not a phantom, but a precious reality. YVJmt shall I do with you, Miss Ireue ? Your lather, being caught in friendly communication with tho onemy, is necessarily with thom to be looked upon and held as a prisoner. But you and this | hoy, who by the way may be Silly by name but not so silly by nature as some with more pretence to sense, cannot properly be so considered. Now it is hardly right to leave you out here alone on the island, so near the British fleet, at least without armed protection, and I have no right to leave that.' ' I do not wish to stay on the island. It has ever been a prison rather than a -home to mo,' said Ircno. V ' Then will you go to Salem, arid so long as you desire live with my dear sister, Con stance ? She will love you as dearly as you ought to be loved, and I know yon will love her. Will you go ?' 'Yes, Mr. Morley, if she will receive me.' ' She will only be too happy in doing so. The wind is fair, Bill knows the course and can steer in that direction while I return to the island, embark my prisoners, and follow. When you get to Salem harbour wait for me, and after delivering my prisoners I will join you and take you up to the house.' ' I will obey your directions,' said Irene. ' My request, fair lady. I have no right to command, and am only too happy to feel myself under your orders at any and all times. I will not say good-by, for we will soon meet again. Jack, steer for the island.' The gig was now turned in that direction, and while it sped away rapidly Bill hoisted sail once more and Irene, taking her course - by the North Star, headed up tho coast. CHAPTER XVII. The heart of Latincelot Morley beat high with hope and joy as he turned back from this brief interview with her whom he had learned so soon to lovo. The gig had got within a cable's length of the island when a sudden outcry, fol lowed almost instantly by a volley o£ small arms and clashing of steel against steel waB heard. ' Give way, men, give way !' cried Morley. 'More men must have landed from the British fleet, and our boat's crew is probably surprised. Give way, and oh to their rescue !' ' Beg pardon, Mr. Morley ; I know I'm before the mast, but I've seen more hard knocks than your honour. If we dash right in there we may do no good and get taken ourselves. And if we do they may remem ber how ready you was for hanging a while ago and give you a taste of your own medi cine.' It was Jack Ghost who spoke, and the crew waited for a reply from the officer before they bent to their oars, for had he ordered it they would have rowed into the very jaws of death. ' Listen, sir,' continued Jack ; ' the fight is all over — our poor boys have evidently been surprised, for the firing is., all done.' ' Yes, and those are British cheers for victory. Why did I delay a moment after having such prisoners in my power !' said Morley, mournfully. ' This will ruin me with Captain Backstay. I'll make an attempt on the British yet, if I die in it !' ' If you'll listen to an old salt, sir, you'll not risk losing yourself and a crew: that will fight as long as life lasts when there is half a .show,' said Jack. 'By the sound of them voices, sir, there are fifty men at least there, and We are but eight, alll told, in this boat.' 'It is - true, Jack — it would be madness. But if we could do somothing to repair tho error I made in leaving my prisoners to a chance of rescue !' ? ' You'll get the chanc# soon, sir. This is going to be a lively war, and one as anxious as you are for it will get plenty of work to do.' ' Very well — we will watch around hare a little while und if we see no chanco to cut off a single boat or to rescue our men I will bear away for Salem. We can lotthe Pinkey have an hour's start with tho wind and then overtake her.' 'Yes, sir, easily. Them chaps on the island aro mightily tickled. Hear 'em laugh.' ' If it were not for hitting some of our own men, I d make them laugh in another way to the chorus of a volley of musket balls,' said I Morley. ' But to kill somo of them it would be wrong to risk killing somo of our own, who are bad enough off in being prisoners..' The gig now lay qniotly on the water ? waiting events. The British seemed in no hurry to leave tho island. The thought struck Morley that thoy were waiting his return, especially as thoy all at once bocamo very quiet. And ho became fully convinced of this when the. fire whicli. had gone down was once more renewed. A s^ soon as its blaze began to flicker ho had ho gig backed away from tlio island to such a tistance as to be out of the circle of light. Thus, while safe from observation themselves, they could see plainly how things looked on pliore. There were vory fow porsons in sight, but tho dark hulls of four largo man-of- war boats on the beach told that their crews could not be far off — evidently hidden near by. ' Johnny Bull isn't smart or he would have got his boats out of sight,' said Morley, with a smile. ' Ho can't toll old birds into his net with chaff.' ' Finding that slow work ho. is going to hunt the birds,' said Jack Ghost. His words were verified by a party of men, headed by an officer, entering the smallest boat and pushing off from the beach. ' Ten oars, an officor and a coxswain — what j do you say to that, Jack ? Wo are eight in a good cause, and they only four more in a bad , one. If they can be drawn, a mile or two from the island shall wo give them a Grey Eagle lesson?' 'I will not say no to that, sir, for if we could only get the officer, and he happens to bo a lieutenant, wo may swap him for the men wo've lost.' 'That's tho idea, Jack— that's the idea. If the boat rows this way we will let 'em know wo are. here, and then keep out of their way till we get 'em in among the islands and then, give them thunder.' CHAPTER XVIII.. The men in the gig now looked to their arms, and as the English boat rowed nearly in the direction where tbey were, pulled carefully away until a considerable distance from the island was made. ? ' Then, by direction of the young lieutonamt they made more noise until they succeeded in attracting the attention of the other boat. Then the rapid and heavy dash of the oars in the pursuing boat and tho orders of the officer in charge told them that tho .flhaso was fully in earnest. They were soon in among some small islands, so near indeed that they could have taken the shore at any moment, but here was the best play for the light, fast gig, and the English boat was allowed' to come nearer and nearer, until the phosphorescent spray from her oars could be plainly seen as she followed around point after point. Several times indeed had she come so close that the English officer hailed and threatened to fire if they did not surrender. ' Come and take us !' was the cry of young Morley, as the gig kept easily on, her crew as yet not half exerting the strength whioh would, if desited, have carried them two' feet to the enemy's one at, any time. A sudden mishap, however, made things look very dark for our yonng hero and his crew. They were ranging along just under the precipitous Bide of a rocky island, when the gig ran high and dry on a reef, and with such force that- they knew the men must leave the boat to get her off. The other boat was close on board, so near indeed that her fbew heard the crash as the . gig struck the rocks, and at the command of the officer they backed their oars, just in time to avoid a similar misadventure. ' Surrender, now, you Yankee dogs, sur render, or we will shoot you down as you are !' shouted one, whom Morley recognized as Lieutenant Seaton. ' Americans ! to the right, quick — only a few steps, and you are safe from. their fire !' cried a s weet, silvery voice, and as Morley. turned toward the sonnd he saw a glimpse of white garments against the dark rocks. ' Follow, men, follow. We can save our selves and our boat, too, maybe!' said Mor , ley, and followed by the gig's crew he hurried along the reef. In a second, while a rattling volley of balls whistled harmlessly over the boat they had just left, they entered what seemed to be a huge cave apd stood on dry ground. The British, having fired as they thought with deadly aim, now dashed on with their boat to complete their conquest, and in a moment move grounded alongside the deserted gig. ' Thunder and Mars, thoy have escaped !' cried Seaton, ' and hero we are high and dry !' Out and push off the boat, men, before we are worse off !' I .A rattling volley, fired into the group of sailors as they rose to obey this order, told the Englishmen that the Americans were close at hand, and as full half of his ci-ew fell and he was himself again wounded, the officer found he. had caught a Tartar instead of those he hoped to capture. ' Give them another volley, men — we have them where we want them,' shouted Morley. ?' Hold ! This is murder. We cannot move our boat, or fight men wo cannot see. We suirender !' cried Seaton. ' Good— we accept you as prisonors and will cease firing; Down- with your arms while we take possession,' cried Morloy. : . At once, for he knew not what delay might do, Morley hurried out and secured the arms of his prisoners, ai^l then got both boats afloat. Until he had done this, ho did not think of her whose voice had rendered them such a great service but a little while before, of whom he had only a glimpso as she. called them toward tho cavern. Now ho would have sought her out to return his thanks if no more, but tho sound of shouts at no great distance told him that tho other Englishmen had heard tho firing and were looking for Seaton. 'A single loud word from tho prisoners will cost their lives,' ho said sternly. ' Jack Ghost, you will tako two men and go in the other boat, I will take Lioutenant Seaton in the gig. At tho leaBt noise made by a prisoner, cut him down. Follow me slowly in among the islands. Wo will get in shoro, and then wo are safe.' ' Ay, ay, sir !' v (2*o be continued.) 