PLAYING THE GHOST. It is evident that someone in Ballarat East is capable of criminal folly in his pranks called "playing the ghost." Ac- cording to the "Courier" of June 8 a sen- sational story comes from the neighbour- hood of Brown Hill. Mrs. Smith, widow of the late Mr. Smith, coffee merchant, resides with her family of six children at Gracefield, beyond Brown Hill. On Sun- day night her eldest son John and three daughters were at home. At about 9 o'clock the youngest daughter, Ethel, ,left the dining-room,situated at the rear of the building for her bedroom, which is in the front of the house. As she was in the act of letting down the window blind, she was startled to see the blackened face of a man who, standing with his hands up- lifted, was gazing in through the window. She screamed with terror, and this brought he other members of the household hastily into the room. The poor girl, who was speechless from fright, was taken into the dining-room. Miss Smith, the eldest daughter, states that when she entered the dining-room she heard footsteps re- treating by way of a brick pathway lead- ing to a gate at the back of the building; she heard the gate close. The son's state- ment is that he took a rifle and went out- side. At about 60 yards from the gate mentioned, and in a north-westerly direc- tion from the house, he saw a figure clad in white, shining as if coated with phos- phorus. He chalenged the object, and then fired at it. No damage was done, and he returned to the house for another cartridge for his rifle. He then loosened his dog, which set off in a north-easterly direction from the gate, and he followed it, and at about 200 yards away be saw the figure again. Mr. Smith was carrying the rifle at "the port" with a finger on the trigger. He intended to fire, and as he was about to take aim someone from be- hind made a grab at the rifle, and the charge went off. Mr. Smith states that he threw the man off and struck a blow at him with the rifle, which missed the mark and struck a tree, breaking the wea- pon at the stock. The two men (the "ghost" and his assailant) then made off. Senior-Constable Beckman, of Brown Hill, has been enquiring into the affair since, and finds that several people living in the vicinity heard the shots fired. Miss Cross, who was returning from church, states that she heard a man call out a sentence which terminated- with the word "fire," and also heard footsteps as of a man hur- riedly leaving Ifrs. Smith's paddock for the Humffray-street-road. A second in stance of "ghost" scare was experienced by a lodger from the Earl of Zetland Hotel, Bridge-street, about midnight on Tuesday. The gentleman had been seeing a lady home from an evening party, and he en- countered the ugly object in Queen-street. He says the supposed "ghost" was clad in a long overcoat, and when approached he unbuttoned the coat, and revealed a black garb covered with hideous devices in phos- phorus. At the same time a head- piece that the "ghost" wore became suddenly enlarged, as if inflated, giving a grim ap- pearance to the object altogether. The lodger took to his heels, and when he arrived at his quarters he was deathly pale. A party of five at once went in quest of the "ghost." They state that they saw him at the rear of Foord's old ham and bacon curing establishment in Otway street. The miscreant made off when he saw his pursuers. They followed him as far as Cremorne, but he was fleet of foot, and thus eluded capture. The party looked about in the neighborhood for some time, and then left for home. As they approached the comer of Eureka and Otway streets, they espied an overcoated figure moving slowly, and thinking they had again got on the scent made straight. for the object. This proved to be Con- stable Cherry, to whom they narrated their adventure, and then they took no further part in the pursuit that night. We publish this morning under the heading "Cricket and Cricketers" the first of two articles from the pen of A. C. Mac- laren on "The Australian Team of 1899." To-day will witness the formal opening of the hunting season at Birksgate, Glen Osmond, where Mr. T. Barr- Smith has in- vited members to attend for luncheon at 1.30p.m. The throw-off will take place at 2.45 p.m., and will no doubt be wit- nessed by a large concourse of spectators. An interesting article entitled "The Ade laide Hounds and Kennels" by "A Visi tor" appears in another column of "The Advertiser. The P. & 0\. RM£. Oceana left Albany at 1 pjn. on Thursday, and the commander expects to arrive at Largs Bay at noon on Sunday. The Foetal Department has arranged for a special mail train to Mel bourne at 4.15 o'clock- the same afternoon. Up to the present the money collected, and promised in connection with the scheme for liquidating the debt of the Roman Catholic archdiocese amounts to £11,210 lfl/4. . The following summary of receipts from June .1, .1835, to March 31, 1899, is taken from the "Southern .Cross": —-Adelaide — Gawler ward, £1,217' 2/8; Young ward, £899 10/3; Grey ward, £838 15/3; Hmdmarsh ward, £731 4/7; total, £3,680' 12/11- Lower Kbrth Adelaide, £165 16/7. North Adelaide, £463 19/S. Norwood — St. Ignatius, . £467 VS/5;. BeuUh-road, £213 13/8; Hecjor ville, £113 9/9; total, £820 18/8.. Thebar ton, £303; IS/- Brompton, £392 19/. Glen Osmond —-Jfitenam, £156 7/7; Parkside, £196 19/11; Marion, £7 8/; total, £333 «/8. Goodwood, £165 4/6. ■ Gleneig, £209 J2/8. Mount Gambier, £335 8/; Manoora —St. Anthony's, £88 10/; Saddlcworth, £27 15/; Uhdalya, £13; total, £139 Sf. Blumberg, £214. , Marrabe) r-St. Agnes', £93 5/; Tariee, £180 8/6; total, £273' 8/5. Knpnnda —St. Bose's, £142' 12/9; Greenock, £22 2/: total.1 £15* 14/6: ■ Mount Barker-St. Francis', £137 12/6; Strathalbyn, £84 11/; Stirling East, £76 5/8; Kamnantoo, £45 19/; Macclesfield, £74 1?/; total, £419 5/2. Salisbury, £815/. Wflhuga—St. Joseph's, £24 8/6; Morphett Vale, £23 11/; total, £48 19/6. Gawler—Virginia, £32 5/; Mal lala, £66 15/; Hamley Bridge, £7 4/; Pin kerton Plains, £23; total, £129 4/. Seven- MHs-Ciare, £45 8/; MmUro, SgS 6/6; total, £110 14/6. Farrcll's Flat, £18 10/. BedhiU, £12L Balaklava—St. Andrew's, £39 17/: Port Wakefield, £20; .Lower WaktQM, £3; total, £62 47/. Kadina— Wallaroo, £17 12/. Namooorte-St. Thomas', XI; JJordertown, £5; total, £6. Clergy and religious communities, £2,414 16/6. Extra dJocesan, £102 6/. Total, £U^01?/* -'-. The railway revenue for the week ended Jane.3 amounted to £20£5t, as against -£17,841 '-Joe the same period last year, showing .u incrjease of - £9^313. ;Jt will be noted that the London quota tions yesterday for colonial stocks ehow a decrease Jn ; .almost .wery line. The Treasurer has ;no ' official information iliwitt& ■matter, but' say? that no doubt the rprice given is ex interest,-which is p«y*Mean July 1. ■■■:'•••-■ ;' Onsftiday evenSng A-little boy, aged 2 years and 4 months, a son: of Mr. South woU, Ekrenth-streetj Bowden, was badly ftailded on the back.and legs through fall ing into a vessel containing boding water. Dr. Coombe, who was called in, ordered tie child to be removed to the Children's Hospital. - The 6ooth Adelaide and Port Adelaide football teams will meet on the Adelaide i Oval this afternoon for the first time this season,.and the contest between them pro mises to be interesting and excitjng. The blue-and-wbites' team will be chosen from the following players:—A. Daly, A. Dawes, J f DaweajJ. Plynn, E. Grierson, P. Gar trell, g. HansonjjO. Hyman, F. James, H. Eruss, W. Lilliogston, A. Moxlow, JE. £-~ McDonald^ Fred O'Brien, Frank O'Brien, ' J. Bichard?on, A. G. Sbuce, A. £. Tomiin, arid J. Way. "Amongst those who hold that cycling ■ is "one of the most effective existing factors in social reform is Miss C. H. Spencc, of Addaidc** (says the Melbourne "Age" of June 0). "In the course of a lecture on 'The social atmosphere m its ■ relation to crime,' which ahe delivered in the Aus tralian Church yesterday, Hiss Spence stated that she had observed that 'girls' who become good cyclists are less ex travagant in their dress than they were before, and dress is as great a temptation to girls as drink and tobacco are to boys.' She o was of opinion that a gymnasium should be attached to every institute in the country. Every country town and farming district had boys who did not care lor books. and who would not join a literary society. They had an excess of animal spirits, and a gymnasium would call these forth into healthy rivalry, and at the same time develop their limbs and muscles. The occasional demonstrations -would collect all the youth and beauty of the neighborhood and firing in the feminine influence. All things that developed vitality and strength in healthy channels should be en couraged in the girls as well as the boys. It was this which led to the remark about bicycling, 'which had proved aa enormous factor in taking the young men out of the dust and smoke of the city into tiie fresh air and communion with nature* On the psychological side of her subject, Jli^s Spence thought that the pessimists were making far too much of the theory of here dity. A child had thousands of ancestor*, and ever;.' child inhe'rited potentialities which its aocestors perhaps had not cscr ciscd. The experience with neglected ch'i drcn showed that environment counted for even more than heredity. She advocated a reform in many of the modern prison methods, -with the object of Faving offend ers who bad been casually vicious from be coming permanently corrupted. Sir Henry Wrixon, who was amongst the auditors, congratulated Hiss f-pence on the able cha rcutcr of her paper, though he thought she had not given the Victorian penal system sufficient credit for its reformatory and preventive methods." The number of births and deaths regis tered in the General Kegisu>r Office during. Uic week ended Saturday, June 3, was— Births, 121 males and 115 females; death?, 43 males and 55 females; total, 236 births and-SS death?, or an escess of 13S births. In the district of Adelaide the births were 33 males and 22 females; the deaths, 9 males and 16 females; total, 55 births and 25 deaths, or an excess of 30 births. Under the head "Primitive Methodist News" the Rev. H. J. Pope writes thus to "The Christian Week]}"" of June 9:—"We have just enlarged and improved the Isling ton Cemetery by buying about four acres of land, and fencing it round with a sub stantial six-barbed wire fence and a front fence of 210 feet jarrah pickets. This, with the Paynehani Cemetery, will give Metho dist cemetery rooni in Uic suburbs of about seven acres. This is certainly a reply to the cry in the papers some little time ago for a Methodist cemetery. It is also a provision made in view of the probable ciose of the West-terrace Cemetery at no distant date. The trustees have shown considerable foresight and speculation, and although holding tne property as an abso lutely free trust, wsH devote its prohts to church funds." The friends and pupils of Mr. Edward Howard will be pleased to see the an nouncement that he intends shortly to re sume his 'work in Adelaide. The officers of the Salvation Army Prison Gate Home, Whitmore-square, ask us to make an appeal for old clothes for the use of the inmates of the institution, lie men are much, in need of warm cloth ing for the winter. In the report of the Port Town Council proceedings, which appeared in Friday's paper, Councillor Caire. instead of Coun cillor Matin, was credited with having seconded a resolution to adopt a clau*e voting £10 to Mr. Le Meseurier to dredge the month of the drain leading into tne Port Canal. Councillor Caire was opposed to the proposition, aud it was on bis mo tion that the matter was referred back to the works committee. 