ANGLICAN CHURCH. -ITS EABLY HISTORY. SIXTH ADDRESS. "In the Name of (he Father, and o! theSon, and ofthe Holy Ghost. Amen." We must distinguish, brethren, between the Reformation or the Catholic Church of England and the Continental Churches of Germany and other Protestant countries. Macaulay says, in " Burleigh and his Times," ., " As tUe j^/pmation did not find tho Euso neither was it conducted in such a manner as to leave them MUOUS ProtesUnU." We arc not Protestants in the same sense that they are. We mide noformal protest, as tliey aid, against the power of ftlie Soman Communion. It would, perhaps, have been better for them . had they made no sueh public protest, but, tike the Church of England, stood in the strength of their primitive purity aud liberty, ignoring the chains from which they burst into freedom. This one thing is quite certain, we need never use the term in consection with the Church of England. We are primitive, Catholic, Apostolic, and these terms, " all aud several,' necossarily arc, tpto facto, protcslant against the Church of Italy. The assertions wo proposed to answer in these addresses were four, namely: (1) "The Boman is the oldest of all the churches." This we have scon, by the authority of Scripture and the Church, to be contrary to fact. (2) " There was no church in England till the Pope sent Augustine to convert the people." This also we have demonstrated to be utterly void of even a shadow of truth. (3) " That the Church of England was made and started by King Henry VIII." This we have proved to bo absolutely false. (4) " The members of the Church of England arc dissenters from the Ghurch of Home." This wc shall find tonight to be on a par with all the other absurd statements. Henry VIII has disappeared from view. Edward VI is seated on the throne a boy king, and withal of a delicate constitution. In heart he is truly with the now openly recognised Reformation movement. The Divines of the Church, not members of Parliament, unless they be also Divines, are called together, under the ecclesiastical head. Cranmer, of Canterbury, they meet, and are soon at work to rerise the prayer book. Note that the Roman • prayer book, if ever used, was not the book Lnown to the Church. She had her own book and that the " Sarum Use," which was generally accepted. This book underwent revision, and we iiud in the 6hort reign of this King tho issue of two national prayer books, showing the onward progress of the Reforming Church. Step by step, " here a little and there a little," being slowly yet sure of her grouud; the Church was shaking herself free. Many salutary enactments were passed, many, as the "Six Articles," were abrogated and expunged. We cannot pause to notice the prayer books of this ' reign, but must add that now the Creed Lord's Prayer, and the ten Commandments, together with the Gospel, were to be said in English, not Latin. The Cup was restored to the laity in the Holy Cumniuuion. Private masses were forbidden, so wc do not know who had the late King's £600 a year for that purpose. Alterations too numerous to mention were made under the direction of Cranmer and the Protector, the Duke of Somerset. Twelve Divines were engaged in the revision and compilation of the prayer book, with which the State had nothing to do further than sanction its use and give it the legal standing in the Church so that its rubrics and orders should become Chtirch law. The first "Act of Uniformity" was published in 1649 A.D., which brought in the first prayer book or liturgy of Edward VL, as the office book for the National Church, talking the place of the old mass book, and various others. A return to Catholic and Primitive order was now made in the Ordinal, so as to agree with tho Holy Apostles, who only ordained with prayers and laying on of hands. The uncatholic aud unprimitive Church of Rome had introduced many things not ordained of the Apostles, all of which were, by our Church, abolished. That this is perfectly true, and historical, wc can prove by the uucatholic additions to the Catholic Creed by Paris IV., and wo should always add the word Roman when speaking of that Church, for as Samuel Taylor Coleridge says in his Table Talk, " The present adherents of the Church of Rome are not, in my judgment, Qatholics. We are the Catholics. We cab prove that w r c hold the doctrines of the primitive Church for the first 300 years. The Council of Trent made the Paptists what they are." The more wc read and understand the- movement called the Reformation, the more we are convinced that the Reformers, had one only object in view, not to un-Romanise the Church or only to cut off and abolish manners and ceremonies ; not, in one word to Protest, which is negation in the concrete, but to find out that which was of the Apostolic times, that which was primitive, that which was of the true Catholic Church, and to establish that. This was the true Reformation, not to destroy anything in doctrine, or ceremony that #tt in the Church professed and observed in 'the pure days of primitive order. By keeping this thought before your minds much will be explained that would otherwise remain, at least, uncertain. You will notice thcro is note, word said about altering the Church in her character as the historic church of the land-, no attempt to interfere with her rights aud title; no taking away of her orders, her places of worship; no giving up of her revenues aud power. As these might stand in the way of Formation, they but helped the Bcformation. Retaining all she had, with freedom added; the spiritual work from within worked outwardly, and the same true Church of England was, and is, a liviug witness to the return to primitive Truth. Our opponents must love ignoranco rather than knowledge if they will not believe this. Suppose, for instance, tho Church of Rome renounced all her wicked errors, gave the people the Word of God, purged herself, of her blindness and superstition, would she be a rievr ChurchP No; but she would be the. old historic Church renewed. During this reign we have a singular and undeniable testimony to the fact tiiat Henry VIII was a Faptist. Princess Mary, afterwards Queen, diajriot adopt the Reformed faith or ccrcmonies, but retained for her private use tlic mass a? of old. The King and Council sent to her on the matter asking conformation and expressing their disapprobation of her doings. Sue milled that sue was, determined to adhere tothe religion of her father, and yet ' trearc told he was the first Protestant .King. As soon as they open their lips to oppose the Church, it appears our opponents cannot avoid making serious blunders in all dircctiops. from the highest to the lowest of thto, out of their own imaginations they «rect manjr and varied vast superstructures theyvaM history, but we prove, by their own real history to he nothiug but the shadow of A fiction. Passing over tho roign of Mary, ' we eerno ^o that of Elisabeth. Yet one remkHcmust neods he made, and it is this: Though Queen Mary welcomed back the yfirituaj rule of tfie Pope and all (lie Romish doctrines and services, yet she maintained tho temporal power of the Crown against Pope and husband (Philip II of Spain). She - did not anuul the statutes of provisore, mortmain, and prtomunire, nor did she cease to recognise the existence, and more, the continuity of the Church, through the reforming bishops aud priests, consecrated and oraained in the reign of Edward VI. Much was restored, more destroyed; yet the Ark of the Holy Church rode bravely over the stormy sea. She died a disappointed Queen, for she saw that she had lived in vain, and her Church Mould have to give way for a better. Bing out Uic tutoe, riijg iu tlic true. Our opponents would have us believe that there is no uonnection between the old Church of England and the new, as they please to call it, or, ns wc more logically and corrcetly state tho case, the autt and post Reformation periods ; or, again, the Church of England in the days of the first hod no connection with the Church-of Englaud in the days of the last Tudor. That is their statement. I ask, which way went the old Church F Mark you well, they cannot answer. If they admit it was destroyed, what an awful and disastrous admission for them to make. Rome defeated, Rome overthrown, Rome turned out in disgrace from England, that pet object of her earthly ambition, the very Naboth's vineyard of all her desires. Are they willing and. ready to make this confession P Then, if not, there can be no alternative but to own that the Church is, in her . own undivided, unbroken, and continuous history, one and the same Church. We will prove the latter hypothesis. So little was the Reformation objectionable to the mass of the clergy that out of 9,4/W only 189 refused to comply with the new order of things and use the prayer book. Cardinal Pole died the same day as Mary, so Canterbury was vacant. Nine other bishops had died, and out of twenty seven dioceses, thirteen had no Chief Pastor over them. Out of the remaining fourteen, nine were deprived for refusing allegiance to the Queen, Five were favorable to the Reformation with several suffragan bishops, and remarkable, yet true is the fact, that every one of Irish bishops accepted, without dispute tho Reformed order of things. Now the fact of acccpting a belter state of things could not unmake a bishop. His episcopal powers and functions would remain intact. The Archbishopric of Canterbury being vacant it must needs be first filled, and now wc come to a most important part iu cur history. If we cannot prove continuity in our bishops then indeed are wc in a sad case. Nulla eccles'm sine e/iiscoim—" No Church without the bishop" —is a full aud true word. Here let me quote some weighty words of Gladstone from his book, " The State in its rclatioii to the Church," he says, " I cau find no trace of that opinion, which is now so common in the mouths of unthinking persons, that the Roinau Catholic Church was abolished in England at the period of the Reformation, and that a Protcsta.it Church was put in its place; uor does there appear to have been so much as a doubt in the mind of any of the Reformers, whether the Church legally established in England after the Reformation was the same institution with the Church legally established iu England before the Reformation" and still more important is the "Declaration" of the Roman Catholic Bishops in England, which was published in 1850, it says, " British Catholics" (i.e., Romanists) " are charged with entertaining a pretended right to the property of the established Church of England. Wc consider sueh a charge to be wholly without foundation. We declare that wc entertain no pretensions to 6uch a claim. \Ve regard all the revenues and temporalities^f the Church Establishment as the property of those upon whom they are settled by the law of the land; Having made these quotations from reliable sources on two important matters, the spiritual aud temporal position of our Church through the ages, let us return to the continuity of our Orders iu our bishops and their successors. We must bear iu mind that the episcopacy has been from the very beginning the chief order in the Church. So important was this that in tho very earliest records wc read of bishops, and being Catholic, we of necessity lav great value on the continuity of the Church in and through her bishops. The old British were incorporated iu the Anglo-Saxon, and these remained till the time of Elizabeth. As the Church now emerges into a new lifo she still retains the unbroken line of her bishops. Strange, yet true, the new order was accepted .by all but two of the bishops, for the bishops, with others, were longing after " a more excellent way." (Cor. xii-31.) The Queen addressed a letter to the Dean aud Chapter of the Archdiocese of Canterbury, on the 18th July, 1559, bidding them elect to tho See one " who may be devoted to God, and useful and faithful to us in our kingdom." (See Bailey's " Defence of Holy Orders in the Church of England;" also Role's Patents and Ryrner, vol. 15, page 536). You will notice that this letter, quoted fully in the abovenaincd authors, does not even so much as refer to the Pope. He is now and forever cut off from meddling with our afiairs, yet likewise there is no reference in any way to the Church being either reformed or new, and much less Protestant Well,-the Dean and Chapter meet, "according to the ancient manner aud laudable custom of the aforesaid Church, anciently used and inviolably observed," and they select a devout and scholarly man, Matthew Parker, on August 1st, 1559. He had already, of course, been ordained a priest according to tho Latin Pontifical. The Queen, on the 6th of tho following" December, issued her letters patent to six bishops calling upon them with all authority to consecrate Dr. Parker Archbishop of Canterbury. It would be out of place to make long extracts and quot&tions; in such simple addresses as these, but every utterance aud statement, however short, can be verified by many authors, all well known. I would not weary you, as my wish was to make a popular appeal to you, my fellow Catholics, that you may be njore stedfast in your holy faith, aud more zealous in your love for holy church. To return, the bishops called upou to assist iu this consecration, perhaps tho most importaut in our history iu the light of succession, were Anthony of Llandaff, William Barlow, then clcct of Chichester; John Scory, then elect of Hereford ; Miles Covcrdalo, sometimo Bishop of Exeter; John, Sulfragau of Bedford; John, Suffragan of Thetford; and John Bale, of Ossary. Every care possible was taken that this first Archbishop of the Church, after the return to self-government, should be in an uubroken line of succession from St. Augustine, who, as we .saw, received his orders not from Rome, but from tho Gallicau Church through -lEtherius of Lyons (who derived his orders through Pothinus from St. Joliu himself^ itud by Virgilius of Aries (who derivedhis through Trqphinus from St. • Paul.—-See Little's "Reasons' for being a Churchman, page 129), Hence, our orders cau be traced to Augustine, and through him to the Holy Apostles Sts. Peter and Paul, and every bishop, priest, and deacon it) our Church can claim the same rich, inheritance. No' consecration could have been more public than that 4 of Parker. Private and public testimony agree thereto. The official reoords, private letters, the diary of the Archbishop, documents in the library of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge,"^! testify to the true, legal, valid, and cauonicaloonsccration of the Prelate. Four bishops assisted at this solemn serviced thfeyjwei$ Barlow, Scory, Mies Gdvcrdale, and ! Hidgkins. Two of these were consecrated according to the Latin of tho old English;ordinal iu the time of Henry VIII, and faro aocordiug to tlie English form in Hie days of Ed word VI. The bishops consecrated under the old order of things quickly died out, and it is remarkable that they niado no effort to continue their order even in secret, and so the Marian Episcopate quickly ceaBcd to exist. Until Watson, the last ono. died in Wiseach Castle in 1584, there was a shadow of a connection with the power of Rome, but wJieu lie was gone there remained no ouc to represent his portion of succession; and so, through Archbishop Parker, tho true episcopal succession. flowed on* the only lineal representatives of tho church of the Auglo- Saxons and early Britons, " The Roman community of subsequent days no more flowed from the ancient Church of England than the Tiber flows from the Thames." (See Blunt's ."Dictionary of Sects, etc.," art. Roman Catholics, p. 44)9.) I could easily fill more space, than one of these addresses, upou the matter of Archbishop Parker'.s consecration alone,i>ut time forbids. I think, however, you will have seen'that there was no break at the end of Reformation times in the continuity of our Chufcli. So far from being un-Catholic were we that the Pope himself, the very one who invented 12 new un-Cat holic and unprimitive articles of, so- called, faith, was tho very Pope of all others to admit that he was ready to accept the new order of things' entirely, prayor book, ordinal, and everything if only the Queen would allow him to make a gift to us of our own, if she would "fall down and worship" him. He little knew with whom he had to do, or his own self-respect would have led him to avoid the refusal lie rereceived. The Queen forbad his messenger to laud in England, so the Pope immediately had recourse to cursing interdicts and cxcommuuication, and all the rest of the old stale worn-out and worthless methods that once were used. In spite of all the childish utterances of Rome, the Cliurch continued her way, and the land ever since has prospered. The Archbishop consecrated many to fill the vacant Sees, always assisted by two or more bishops, which must be the case at every consecration, thus removing all doubts as to valid conscpration. Rome witnesses to the validity of our orders, and we have in the past year or so seen in the Pope Leo. XIU, in his letter on our orders, go distinctly contrary of thc-~popes before him. "The Church Defence Institution" has published a useful book for Catholic Churchmen named, "Rome's Tribute to Anglican Orders," in which book the very words of five cardinals, ten bishops, and many priests arc given, and more important still tlic ipxinsima verba of Popes Julius IIL Paul IV, Pius IV, Pius V, Urban VIII, Innocent XII, and element XIV, covering the years between 1554 and . 1769 all declaring their belief in the bishops and priests of the English Church being truly and validly such. " What need we further witness! In drawing these imperfect and hurried addresses to a close, I liave but one word more to say. Do not think you, my brethren, bplong to aught but the Church of Christ. We arc not dissenters, not schismatics, as our oppouents would liavo us believe, "we be true men," of one true Church. No 'ism brands us, no loss of Catholic doctrine and practice is laid to our cliarge, even by our enemies. If we band together without contentions in the Bpirit o£ "unity" we all desire; "peace," which is aisbtluT. term for progress, aud " faoncord," wliich is «foretaste of heaven on earth; there is 'no power known in the heavens above, or iu the earth beneath, that cau stay the Catholic aud Apostolic Church iu her glorious career on oarth, to be consummated iu God's-glory in heaven." 