TASMANIAN CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR UNION. ANNUAL CONVENTION. SECOND DAY.. The delegates attending the meetings of the seventh annual Convention of the Tasmanian Christian Endeavour Union have been unusually well favoured in regard to weather. The days have been perfect, and the bright sunshine, tempered by occasional breezes, lins much contributed to the pleasure of the members. Though the number of disappointments through the absence of speakers has been unprecedentedly large, the meetings have been most enjoyable a large attendances have been seen at all the gatherings, and a spirit of hopefulness has permeated the whole proceedings. A sunrise prayer meeting, led by Messrs J. Stranger and Leslie Tapsell, and well attended, was held in Chalmers Church yesterday morning at 7 o'clock, and proved most profitable. SnCItKTAItlFS' BREAKFAST. Nearly 50 delegates, comprising several ministers, presidents, secretaries, and others, sat down to substantial breakfast in the Imperial yesterday at 8 SO a.m., and did ample Justice to the good things provided by Mr. North Rees, who, with the excellent staff of ladies, did all that was possible to make the gathering a success. Grace was sung before and after the meal. Though the "chat" arranged for was curtailed the delegates engaged in animated i convers tion during the brief time at their disposal. MEETING OF THE COUNCIL. At 9.30 the adjourned meeting of the Council was held in the upper schoolroom, Melville street. There was a large attendance of delegates. Pastor Blaikie presided. Rev. W. R. Cunningham led in prayer. It was resolved, after a lengthy discussion, to print reports of this year's Convention. The Council having on the previous day agreed to the appointment of a paid assistant secretary, It was resolved to lay the matter of contributing to the honorarium before the various societies. It was agreed that a letter of condolence be sent from the Council by the president to the secretary, Mr. James C. Overell!, in his recent sad bereavement. The Tasmanian editor of the (Golden Link made an appeal to the delegates to send in their monthly reports for the columns of that paper. It was agreed that the next Convention be held in Launceston. The following additional officers were elected, viz.: Vice presidents, Mrs. Rooke, and Revs W. R. Cunningham and J. R. Bradbury ; junior superintendent, Miss Overell ; executive committee, Mesdames Teague, Barber, Warren, Misses Crouch, Hail, Smithies, Seabrook, Walker, and Messrs. Stranger, Sidwell, and Honey. BIBLE READING. At the Tabernacle, Elizabeth-street, at 1 10 a.m., a meeting was held, presided over by the Rev. E. Nye, B.A. After de- votional exercises, in the unavoidable i absence of Rev.' W. J. Eddy through illness, an excellent paper prepared by Mr. Eddy was read by Rev. J. It. HARCOURT, B.A., of Launceston, the subject being " Bible Study." The. paper emphasised the need of a more systematic study of the Word of God In connection with the various Endeavour Societies. After the paper had been read the meeting was thrown open for discussion, and suggestions made as to the various methods by which the desired end might he attained. OPEN PARLIAMENT ON COMMITTEE WORK. Another large audience assembled at the Tabernacle at 11 a.m. to hear and discuss papers dealing with the various committees, Mr. W. M. Williams presiding. Papers were then read on the Lookout Committee, by Miss Hall ; Missionary Committee, Miss Harwood ; Prayer Committee, Mrs. Rooke and Sunshine and Visiting Committee, Miss V. Ferrar. Discussion followed the reading of each paper. GENERAL, CONFERENCE. A smaller audience than usual, due, partly, to the meeting being held in the afternoon, assembled in the Memorial Congregational Church at 2.30 to listen to an address from Rev. J. R. Bradbury, of Longford, on Christian citizenship. Rev. J. E. Warren presided. A hymn having been sung, Rev. H. Henwood Teague engaged in prayer. Mr. Bradbury, in the course of an earnest and effective address, said It was the duty of Christian En- deavourers to concern themselves with what concerned their fellow-men. They had rights and privileges to conserve. They were not to let men undo the work of their fathers, men who through tears and blood purchased their liber tics. Some thought the fires of persecution would never be re lit, but recently he had read of a suggestion to return to the tactics of the Spanish Inquisition, and the case of Sacco totalism should make them alive to the necessity of conserving what they had inherited Let them look at Walsh's , Secret History of the Oxford Movement, or | Rev. W. R. Cunningham's pamphlet (Hear, hear-and they would see the strength of the power waged against us but they would fight every foot of the road, and stand four square to every wind that blows. Then they had the direct falsehoods of a great cardinal to cope with. But whom did he acknowledge as seven cigars A foreign potentate, one to whom our giaeiousQueenand her ministers occ pled a secondary position. They must do something for the better housing of the pool, for this was an evil not confined to London and New York, but was present in Melbourne and Hobart How could people live decent lives in some of the homes they saw? Sweating was another evil. Then they had that great a space in iqultj'-intcinpeinnce, gambling, and ¡m purifier is a lively minimised the positive good that was being done. Men whose con- sciences were ensued were fattening themselves on the impurity around them. They who could must do something to throttle thiscutbe. Gambling was referred to, and an instance given of a young man who had been sent to gaol in Victoria through had conduct that had originated in taking a ticket in Tattersalls!, ? What about the disgrace? What about shepherds; What about those who had been instrumental in sending him there? Some men did not care what happened to the boys so long as they could act hold of the filthy lucre. Let them legislate. 'The idea that Cluistliins had nothing to do with politics was false, and It was a delicate Christianity if it could not stand the touch of public life The man who wanted good Hiroi schooling for his children, but would not sit on a sanitary or school board, was on the same footing as the man who wanted good laws but would not legislate for then) If Christian men withdrew from politics it meant handing politics over to the dev 11 (Applause ) Discussion followed, in which Rev H Henwood Teague, Mr W H Shoobridge, Mrs Rooke, and others took part and after a rousing speech dom Pastor BE like the meeting closed with the benediction JUMon HAIRy. The most popular gathering was held in the Temperance hall at JW, when an immense audience of Junior Endeavourers, patents and friends assembled to witness what is, indeed, a beautiful demonstration of the capacities of the young people Mr W.M. Williams made an excellent chairman, Miss Smithies presided at the organ. The decorations, consisting of ministers, baskets and pots of flowers, drapery, and mottoes, and the hall look more beautiful than we have ever seen it, and great credit is due to the band of unostentatious workers who so hastily pi innes and effectively carried out these arrangements All the front part of the body of the hall was occupied by the union with their superintendents, the behaviour of the young people being all that was good. After amused prayer, Mr Williams said he knew it was the Juniors' meeting, and he would say little, out ask a few questions These consisted of asking the children to supply the names of charge tern in the Bible, the alphabetical letter beginning each name being first supplied, with a brief reference to some event in his life This was manifestly much enjoyed. Re responses were then driven from the following societies, viz. Baptist Tabernacle, Davey street Congi egntional, Melville street Wesleyan Chalmers Presbyterian, New Town Wesleyan, and Davey - street Wesleyan. The responses took the form of hymn, v cases or a text from Scripture sung or repeated simultaneously. A novel feature on the programme was the exercises The Tabernacle, under the leadership of Mr. Sidwell, gave " The Children's Day," which consisted of singing hymns and repeating Scripture alternately. Davey street Congregational (Leader, Miss Hunt gave a most effective exercise, the correct sounds tion of the children being much appreciated. Melville street Wesleyans were decidedly novel. Two young ladies beat Ing a ladder round the building to the platform, where rungs containing names of virtues were added one by one. This was most at table, and Miss Hoggins and her co workers deserve much praise Chalmers f presbyterians took the form of a floral and choral service, which was much en joy ed. Davey street Wesleyans are still in their infancy, the CHAIRMAN announc- ing they were two weeks old, but under the leadership of Mrs Warren, sang pic! till, and gave promise of greater things. Hymn 411 having been sung, Mrs. BAitimii then gave a beautiful address. She said she was exceedingly pleased to be present, not as a speaker, but to witness that splendid demonstration of what the societies' work was during the week. 1 She almost envied the superintendents of the juniors in their noble work. They had a often heard eloquent sermons on prayer from the pulpits, but had they ever heard r an address on that subject to the children? ' That vex us her subject. During the present 1 centre v they had witnessed remarkable I discoveries and Inventions ; three of the n greatest being the telephone, microphone, and phonograph. As they speak through the telephone so prayer was the souls telephone God was at one end and they the other They could not use the telephone anywhere It was necessary to go to certain places to do so but this divine one they could use at any time and place Daniel used it in the lion's den, and Jonah in Nineveh Certain instances of Gods answers weighed there was no central office needed they needed no church administer, or supt i Intendent, no priest or human mediator by whom to speak to God The telephone was in side about 187), this divine telephone had been in existence from the beginning-Noah use I It, and Abraham and Moses After a few remarks on the microphone and an impressive appeal to the juniors Mrs Barber concluded a profitable address Shortly after the proceedings closed TEA AND I am IC Ml 1 next About six) or ten) sat down at 0 be to tea in the Mechanics hall Mr Arnold entere in his usual s itisfactoi v style and Messrs. L 1 itself and I Smithies whose labours more abundant have contributed to the success of the Convention superintended Justice has over been done to the good things the company adjourned to Melville street where a large public meeting was held Pistol Blaikie presided and was supported by the Revs H Henwood Teague T H Bridbiirv H Bride Barber IIS RA Thompson B A B W He ith W Bed etc W H Taylor I Crocker and W I wait Hymn Iii has long been SURE. Rev R A. Thompson prayed Hymn 104 w anthem sung The CHAIRMAN said they were so for s satisfied with will it they had received This was really a Christian citizenship meeting but they thought the title Christian living would be butter Christian living covers the whole area of life He hoped Christi m living was not a weak chain in i'nduiivoiiiifiiii If they were weak there, what good was it to be strong in other places in the pledge In Procession etc Hugh Price Hughes said last came to do three things vW to save individuals to plant the Christian Church and to establish the kingdom of God the latter in a sense being a larger thing than the Christian Church. It was the Church going out into the world. There was not much trouble about conduct when men were filled with the Holy Ghost. The sap of winter would not do for spring, and if they wanted fruitful ness it could only be by a vital union with Christ, through the Holy Spirit Let them get their torches lighted, and then convey the same to every part of Tasmania they represented. (Applause ) Pastor Walton, being absent through sickness, Rev. W. H Taylor (Scottsdale) read Mr. Walton's excellent paper on "Conscience." Half the we mingling of the world was due to lack of definition. What is it "It is the judge within us of the Tightness or wrongness of any thought, desire, word, or deed. It is God's whisper; His still small voice that always whispers duty. It is the check string of the passions. Conscience is a bee that never stings the wrong person. Some might do what others could not do because conscience condemns them. Conscience made us do need of things we do not want to. A good conscience is one that is right with God. We need a good conscience towards men. An evil conscience makes cowards of us all, but a good one veritable heroes. " What stronger breastplate than a, heart untainted ? Thrice is he armed Hint that!) his quarrel just And And he but naked, though locked d up In stud, Whose conscience with situation in corrupted." After another hymn, n deeply Spiritual address was given by Mr. G. N. Sargeant, of Launceston, who said there was only one standard of conduct for the Christian, that of Christ. The great change that took place when a man became converted was associated with great responsibilities to God, to Christ, to men Christ's conduct could not be simulated ; they must get down to its motive, which was love; the essence of Christ's life was love to God and the world. A hymn having been sung, and the Chairman having made several announce ments, the Rev. H. Henwood Teague was called upon to speak, and said Character is as what they were up against what they may seem to be Reputation, though a good thing, was not character. Afrood name was much to be desired, but was not character, and yet to the many a name, a reputation, a distinction, u notoriety was every thing. If a good reputa- tion coincided with a worthy character, It was all right, but too frequently that was not so. True, we should not be wholly in different to the good opinion of others, but to possess the character rather than to desire the reputation for it was the thing Great characters, men like F. W. Robert son, Dr Dale, Arnold of Rugby, had a wholesome contempt for mere popular Ity They were too re ii-their endeavour was well being and well doing, not mere seem ing Character was the determining factor in life and conduct. It was character that told it was the most potent force wielded by man, and represented grit, capacity, vitality, persistent energy The men who had accomplished a good work in the world were charactered, not people of noise and dash, and splash and glitter and the great s tints and philosophers, Augustine, Luther, Knox, and Wesley, w ci e men of character Though highly gifted, it was not Undi gets merely, but their genuineness, their moral earnest ness and depth, then chin factor that told i And this was what told In Paul No I fought not as one that heareth the air And it was the Messenger in Christ's life rather than the message that impressed and captivated men What was it that changed the timidity of Elijah into strength ( What would produce character in them-the God in man. The world was going to be saved by character, and by nothing else. Church organisations, sermons, sacraments, class meetings, on deavour meetings Avondale secondary and of absolutely no words in themselves; but the omnipotent thing, in der the Hold Ghost, was character, and there was no substitute for it Joseph, when be refused to yield to the temptation to sin, Pompey, when he refused to listen to the pleadings of those who tried to dissuade him from going out to sea in a storm, saying, "It is necessary for Pompey to go ; it is not necessary for Pompey to live, The great SU Powell Buxton, these and many others were men of character. As they went forth into life they would do according to what they were Character was the thing they should carry with them into the future. Mr. Teague concluded an eloquent and in pressive speech-one of the finest utter ances of the convention amid much up please. The benediction was pronounced by Rev. B. W. Heath. 