^iterarj/ 9lote6, ^te. K Mrs Ritchie says tbat when her father (Thackeray) ' wrote a poem he used to be more agitated than when he wrote in prose. He would come into tho room worried and excited, saying, ' Hero aro two more days wasted. I have done nothing at all. It has taken me four mornings' work to produce six lines.'. Then, after a further struggle, all Tvould go well.' Tho Proprietors of tho Review of Reviews announce that they have arranged for a series of articles oa tho tour of tho Australian Eleven. The series promises to be a unique one, even for the Bcvicw, which has made articles on first- class cricket a special feature from time to time. Tho first of the series, ivhich appears in tho Jnly number, is by G. B. Fry, and deals with tbe First Test Match, heing exceptionally well illustrated with copyright photos of the play and players. Wo understand that Prince Ranjitsinlvji, W. G-. Grace, and A. C. Maclaren will contribute articles to the series on the other Test Matches. ? ? In the Literary World for May is printed' an unique letter received by. tho librarian of a public library in London. It accompanied Marryat's ' Peter Simple,' and ran thus: — ' I return you a book which my boy has had from your library. He joined it without telling me, and I havo forbid him borrowing. I am a believer in the second coming of our Lord — seo 2 Peter iii., 10-12 — and I think it likely that He will do so shortly. How could I meet Him with a clear conscience whilst I had borrowed books in my house ? May I respectfully urge upon you to read 1 Thes aloniaus, v. 2, and flee from the wrath to come, for, sir, your business is sinful. ' Better be a doorkeeper in the House of the Lord than dwell in the tents of wickedness.' — Psalms lxxxiv. 10.' Books bound wiih human skin turn up once in a while at sales. One such was disposed of at Sotheby's in May, viz., a duodecimo entitled 'List Generale dos ContreRevolution naires mis a mort a Commune-affrancliie.' It was bound in crimson morocco, with tooled skulls and cross-bones and inlays of ' peau humaine.' Literature says that books were bound in this way in England sometimes. One of the earliest instances was the binding of two books belonfling to the Mexborough Library in a piece of the skin of Mary Bateman, a Yorkshire 'voman who was hanged as a witch at the beginning of the present century. The skins of criminals ?were used for the same purpose. A copy of the life of Corder, the murderer of Maria ? Martin at the Red Barn, was bound in his Wn skin. At Exeter there is a book covered witV tlie skin of Cudmore, who was executed in 18&9 for poisoning his wife. Perhaps the most curious testimony to Dickens's universality (says the Daily News ) is given by a surveyor, who was crossing the Sierra Nevada mountains. He and his party ?were snowbound, and looking for water, came — -aorosH n lif.f-.lo V-ai. hnilt.pf nine_.b.ouehs and . a few rough boards clumsily newn out of small trees with an axe. The occupant was dressed in a suit made entirely of flour sacks, and was curiously labelled on various parts of his person 'Best Family Flour. Extra.' His head ?was covered by a wolf's skin, drawn from the brute's head, with the ears standing erect in a fierce and alert manner. He had not seen a human being for four months, and had lived on bear and elk meat and flour laid in during the summer. On being asked how ' he Bpent bis time, he went to a barrel and produced ' Nicholas Nickleby' and ' Pickwick,' which be knew almost by heart. Ho knew nothing about the author, but he glorified in Sam Weller, despised Squeers, and would probably have taken the latter's scalp with great skill and cheerfulness. Mrs. Oliphant in her ' Autobiography and Letters,' recordssomethingabout the Carlyles. First, she writes : — ' I spent an evening last ?week all alone with Thomas Carlyle and his ?wife. She had had a dreadful illness, and looks like a weird shadow, not quite canny, but nothing could he kinder or nicer than both of them. She has to drive three hours every day, and has got a little brougham in which she performs that penance, making the best of it by driving her friends about. As for True Thomas himself, he expounded the Schleswig-Holstein business to me from a few hundred years before the beginning of it, to bis wife's intense horror. But notwithstand ing this dull choice of a subject his talk is delightful.' At another time she says : — ' I have had a little visit from Mrs. Carlyle, ?who is looking very feeble and picturesque, and as amusing as ever, and naturally has been taking away everybody's cliaractor, or perhaps I ought to say throwing light upon the domestic relations of the distinguished people of the period. I was remarking upon the eccentricity of the said relations, and could not but say that Mr. Carlyle seemed the only virtuous philosopher we had. Upon ?which his wife answered, ' My dear, i£ Mr. Carlyle's digestion had been stronger there is no saying what he might have been !' ' Among items relating to Dickens recently ofiored for sale as part of Mr. William Wright's collection (reports Literature) was, 'a little expenses book, which he kept when employed as an office-boy at tho age of 16, and ?when bis salary at the timo, 1828, was 13s Gd a week. Thero was also the original auto graph manuscript of 'The Battle of Life,' one of the only three MSS. of Dickens which did not go to John Forster, and from him to South Kensington Museum. In the presenta tion copy of ' Nicholas Nickleby' is a long autograph letter, in which the following occurs : — The country for miles round when I was there was covered with deep snow. There is an old church near the school, and the first gravestone I stumbled on that dreary 'winter afternoon was placed above the grave of a boy, 18' long years old, who had died, suddenly, the inscription said ; I supposo his heart broke; the camol falls down 'suddenly' when they heap the last load upon his back — died at that wretched place. I think his ghost put Smike into my head on the spot.' One curious item is a page in tho handwriting of Dickens, composed when he was only 13 years old. It is a travesty of 'Othello,' ?written for private performance. Dickens is believed to have been the author of a tragedy entitlod ' Misnad, or the Sultan of India,'' but that manuscript, dating from about 1821,-' cannot now bo found, and tho, travesty b'f ' Othello' is tho earliest known' Dickons liteiary production of any kind.'' ' ' ? ' ' A capital instance of Tennyson's blnntness is told in Mrs. Oliphant's autobiography. It was the first time tho novelist made one at a luncheon party given by the l ennvsons, and slio was taking leave of her hostess. I am never very goo a at parting politeness, and I daresay was very gauche in saying that it was so kind of her to ask me, while she graciously ; rosponded that she was delighted to have seen mc, &c.;, according to the established ritual in such cases. Tennyson was standing by with his ragged beard and his saturnine look. He eyed us while these pretty speeches wero being made with cynical eyes. ' What liars you women are !' he said. Tho American Loolcmaii tells how an autograph of Mr. Ruskin was obtained : ' A certain person in this country sent a friend of his in England an American edition of Ruskin's works. They were seized by the Customs^ of course, and wero in peril of con fiscation, when tho consignee learned that if he could procure a letter from Mr. Ruskin, allowing the books to pass into England the Customs would roleaso them. Accordingly he wrote to Mi-. Ruskin, who replied, ' Sir, — I do not see that your friend's desire to give you a present at my expense is any apology for your intrusion upon me. — Yours, &c.;, John Ruskin. The books went back, and tlio letter was kept. An anecdote about Balzac, the centenary of whose bii'tli in 1799 makes him a special topic of tho moment is revived by a corres pondent of Literature. ' Leon Gozlan met Balzac one day, on the Boulevard des Capucines, ' dying with hunger.' The novelist insisted on taking Gozlan to a confectioner who sold macaroni patties, forgetting nis hunger Balzac plunged .into an appreciation of Cooper's 'Lake Ontario' (newly published). Gozlan noticed that the shop attendaut, an English girl, had heard him address Balzac by name, and was gazing at tho author as though fascinated. She was astounded presently by the appetite of genius for macaronipatties which disappeared by couples. ' How much do I owe you ?' asked Balzac. ' Nothing, M. Balzac,' said the English girl firmly. Balzac was nonplussed for a moment ; then he pushed his precious copy of ' Lake Ontario' into the girl's hands, saying, ' I can never sufficiently regret, mademoiselle, that I did not write that book.' ' It has been remarked that while Thackeray more than once made mention of Dickens, in terms of praise, in his writings, there was no corresponding mention of Thackeray by Dickens. But a letter quoted by Mrs. Ritchie, in the introduction to the 'Lovel the Widower' volume of Thackeray's works, proves that Dickens took proper means to show his appre ciation, and it is very likely that he shrank from paying back compliments in public lest doing so should provoke cynics to sneer. The letter, dated March 23, 1855 , runs thus : — 'My Dear Thackeray — T. have read in The Times to-day an account of your last night's lecture, and cannot refrttin from assuring you in all truth and earnestness that I am pro foundly touched by your generous reference to me. I do not know how to tell you what a glow it spread over my heart. Out of its ful ness I do entreat you to believe that I shall .viotmT, _{«vgat_ynn:r__wnrds__nf„Gorn.monclatioTij If you coulil wholly know at once how you have moved me, and how you have animated me, you would be the happier I am certain — Faithfully yours ever, Charles Dickens.' An interesting and little-known tribute to Shakespeare is to be found in a thin octavo volume of under 50 pages published at Besancon in 1801, entitled ' Pensees de Shakespeare : Extraites de ses Ouvrages,' compiled, there is little doubt, by Charles Nodier, afterwards distinguished as a romance writer. This work is not mentioned by M. Jusserand, and it is not in the British Museum. It was purchased by Mr. Lee as one of a lot of books sold at auction by Sotliebys. The most interesting part of it is the five pages of preliminary ?observations. Nodier says : — ' Shakespeare is a friend whom heaven has given to the unhappy of every age and every country,' and ' from Shakespeare's works one can draw forth a philosophy, but from no system of philosophy could one construct one page of Shakespeare.' He concludes thus : ' I advise those who do not know Shakespeare to study him in himself. I advise those who know him already to read him again. I know him, but I must needs declare my admiration for him. I have reviewed my powers, and am content to cast a flower on his grave, since I am not able to raise a monument to his memory.' A new edition of Suetonius, the Roman who wrote the gossipy memoirs of the Twelve Cresars, has been published by Nutt. The translation is by Mr. Philemon Holland, and the introduction by Mr. Charles Whibly. It would seem, from the comments of the Spectator, that we ought to take the same view of Caligula that not long since was put forward 'about Nero, viz., that he was madly funny. Caligula ' slept not above three hours in a night, aud would roam and wander to and fro in his galleries,' sometimes shouting to the moon ; and, again, he would ' wallow a good while with his whole body upon huge heaps of coyned gold pieces.' 'Of his grim humour it will suffice to mention the dilemma into which he cast the wealthy, sending to see their wills and executing them for treason if he were not named legatee ; but poisoning them, if he were, for keeping him out of his heritage.' Tho place that the chronicler of gossip should occupy in literature is' defined thus by Mr. Whibly, apropos of Suetonius : — ' Paul Pry, an odious figuro to-day, may appear to-morrow tho fearless benefactor of posterity. Thus we are constrained to admire' in the past that which wo deprecate in the present ; and if tho present eaves-droppers make conquest of im mortality, our remote descendants will, no doubt, welcome their indiscretions as an invalu able commentary, though, too, will deplore most strenuously their own contemporary gossips.' And should we not all regret, with the Spectator, the standing order given to the porter of Windsor Castle, ' On no account to admit Mr. Boswoll within tho gates.' 