Hope the Hermit. CHAPTER XXt. 1 Miitrrii Audrey,' he whispered knocking at tb(- door. ' I waa to (ell yon that all ii ?afe below. Aodrey baitoDed tor «s the room, and, holding the light in her band, peered into the dark pa»i»gp. ' Ii Mr. Brownripg pone ? ' the tikod. 1 Ay, Mis«, be bai learobed the hooie Bed bii gone awaj, and I wai to bid you and Mr. Radeliffe oome down once more to the ?tndy.' ? Audrey with a ilgb of relief unlocked tbe eupboard. ' 'Tii all ib(o, unole,' abe wbisper/d. And John RadplinV, who bad itrotcbcd himself rut eimforiahly enoauh in the roomy dreu-oupbnarri, tpraDg lo his fret and ga»a the old bntler a oajreleia kindly greetiog. . 'Tie many a year since I met yon, Duno&n;,' be a*id. '.Bat by the Masai you're not a day older as fir an look* go. Gome, .my pretty nieof-, you bare been tbe saving of me to-niphf, and I'm much mistaken if you bavfin't sharper brains even than Father Noel, whiob ii saying a good deal. By all means let ui aome down and . have a family oonolave.' . Audrey, who was eager to know all that her lover. had laid, was glad to m&kaone; of the little group wbioh gathered round the table in the study while John Radoliffs made a beany meal. With a linking heart she heard of the dis aster at Beaoby Head and tbe threatened Frenob inraiioD, yet ? it was a oomfort to know that her grandfather did not share bis brotber'a views wilh regard to tbeae matters, and she listened with a thrill of pride to his straightforward words. ' You know well enough, John, that I bate all your plotting and oontrirings and .will take no part in them ; but blood is thicker tban water, and I will do my best to shelter yon. What are your plans ?' jj 'If I can take shelter here for a while nntil w» sse whioh way event! md,' said John Rad eliffe, ' that is all I desire. If King; James prospers in Irelsnd, and tbe French invasion ts sooeessful in the south of England, why I sbonld return to London. K not I should make my way to the ooa.it and take ship for Franoe. In any case a few weeks must deeide the fate of tbe kingdom end my fate with it.1 .' You will not ba safe In this home,' said Andrey. ' . ? What ! not in the Priest's Hole ? ' 1 The Under-Sheriff knows the secret of tbat aines to-night,' said Father Noel. * And be will be constantly coming here to see me,1 said Andrey. ' I oanuot parry bis questions if yon are in the house.' John' Radoliffe gave a low whistle of dismay. ' Tben what is to be done?' he said, help \- ing himself a second time to pigeon pie. 'I thought now be had searched the home all would be well.' ' ? There are other bidinff- plaoe8 among the hills if you don't mind being in the open air,' she siid ; ' Miobsel and I nsed to know of sevenl when we were obildren. I could tako yon mysolf tbia very night, and no one else koows of them.' ' Bat, my child, if yon ware to bo seen wan dering about the (ells tbe truth would at once ' be guested,' said 8ir Niobolas. ' Tbere are fsw people astir in fiorrowilale,' said the priest i 'she would be safe enough, and Henry Brownrigg is disposed of at any rate for to-night. I have jnet seen bis boat disappear iu the distance.1 ' How are we to tell that she will not bappin npon tome shepherd ? Tho lesa wo desire to meet folk the more oertain we are to do it, as a rule.! ' 'Qrandftther,' said Audrey, ' I have thought of all that while upstsirs. It would never do to go in my own dress, bat yon remember how all; Bordowdale folk say tbat the boglo atill hsnnti the neigbbourhiod, and has by many qf tbem been seen, dressed in tbe olotbeijbe wore when be fongbt the duel with I he Parliamentary offioor from St. Her bert's lisle. Upilairs we hive some of the ololbes,my father wore when he was a lad In old days I often wed to help my mother to unfold them, to see that they were free from tnpth.' 'And yon would make yoor nnole wear tbeie ?' nked Sir Nioholas. 1 No, I wonld wpar them myself,' said Audrey, blushing a little. ' Then, did any chanee to catch sight of. us, they wonld at once lun away, for there is nothing so muob dreaded «b tbe sight of tbe Borrowdale bojrle.' - John Radoliffe laughed aod rubbed his binds. I Bravn, little nieoe I Did I not say yon had tbe best wits of as ell? You iball ensot tbe ghost of the Royalist Rsdoliffp, and I for tbe oonoe will be one of Old Noll's orew.' 'Child,' said Sir Nicholas, potting his wrinkled bind on her', 'do not rush into this etoapade. without thinking. . You iro rigbi to try and help your uncle, bat re member that '(is a perilous part yon »rf . nbooi to play — onr, moreover, which might he fusvoiy mimn leritood bv.Mr. Brownrige should he ever by ill- obance oome to bear of I 1 know,' naid Audrey. ' But ob, iir, nnj. bine is botier (ban tbat Uoole Ridolifle shonld fall into' Henry's bands. I oannot beir to tbink tbat Henry. should b) tbe one x- tn bring, him to the gallows — 'anything is better than tbat !' Her eyes fi.'Icd with tears,. for it is hard to hare to pot into words the very fear with which tbp be»r' Lib beon fighting. Morc . orei, there lurg d over her once more that horrible feeling that Henry had. used her that moruiog as Lis tool, that -even hie devotion bad bnen tinged with that other' n.otive, She «rs« recblled to tbe present by finding tbe entire brrait of a fat capon thtnit on to bar empty plato. 1 Eat, my pretty ni*oe, eat,' said John Radcliffe. ? If 'you mean to pilot me across the fella to-night joa will stand iu nred of a good sapper. Afsor all you are flesb and blood, joa know-,- and bat a mock gbosi.' ' She laaghed, and. did her best to obey, glanoing now and tben with something of ourioiity at this nnknown kinamin, who in toe coarse of hal--an-honr had meoeeded in mtkins himself so entirely one of tbe family. Not only in face wib he curiously like bit older bro'lirr, hnt the tune of his voice kipt I reminding her of name other voice which sbs , know, and iba pu»lod her brain to thick I whioh of tbe many Radoliffe opnsins it could be. Thoagh like Sir Nieholai ip feature, be wan twenty years yonngcr, and bis light periwig, alert, brisk niinner and upright 1 oirriape made him look less tban bis true age. Tbere war, moreover, about bim a bn-yanoy and youtbfoloeis wbioh astonished Audrey, and she began to understand thai wbereai ber grandfather bated tha very no. tiun of a plot and would not bave stirred a finger to restore King Jamee, Uncle Rad oliffe revelled in anything likely to bring bim exoitoment and stirring adventure, enjoying tho Jacobite conspiracy as a boy enjoys a riakv game. ' Unole,' sbe said, ? how long oan yon bear to shelter among the bills ? I must go and arrange witb Donoan to get your provisions forilm next few dart.' 1 Ob, if you'll no' stirvu me I'll bide my time patieuily enoutrb. And in a fow day time tberp !b b'u'nd to be news of one sort or the o'ber.' 'Very well, I will get you plenty of loot), and look for ma between ten and twelve- il nigut on Wodnpe'ty, (he 9 h, then I can bring you fresh supplies and whatever uowh we havo heard.' Sbe went away to make her preparations, and as tbe doQf olnsed gently behind her a silence fell on the little group gathered round the table. CHAPTER XXII. _ Her footsteps bad eoirocjy died away in tbn distance, however, when Sir Nicholas started to his feet. ' I must talk witb bur again as to tbia notion,* he muttered, slowly making, his way from the room. John Badoliffe looked after bim uneasily. 1 My brother likes it ill enoogb,' he aaid. ' Yet the maid ia right ; it ia by far the beat plan,' ' It is undoubtedly the best plan for yon,' said Father Noel, with a certain dry emphasis on tbe pronoun whioh did not esoipe John Radoliffe. ' Also for yon, my friend, and for my brother — all good Oatholios are likely to fare ill if they are found sheltering a con spirator.' ' Sir.'Niobolas does not trouble bis head with tbat thought,' siid Father Noel. ' It is, as you rightly divine, the best plan for yon, but not the best plan or the safest for Mistress Audrey.' ' Well, what would yon have, Father,' said John Badaliffe, smiling. 'Does not holy writ declare that the woman wai to be a helpmeet for tbe man ? When a woman offers her help freely shall I refnse it P ' ' There is no fear tbat yon will ever do that, sir,' said Father Noel, dryly. 'Yon were ever hard on my little peooa dillos, Father. Yet you must admit thai I proved a good' husband to an invalid wife.' 'I say nothing against your second marriage. But you were greatly to blame as to the first, and depend upon it, air, you will yet be called -o aoeonnt for yoor crime.' ' Oome, Father, orimo is a bird word,1 said John BarfolifFe, refilling hie tankard. ' Let ns oall it a mistake, an error of judgment. And remember that I christened the imp be fore leaving him. That ought to be reckoned to me.' 'Sir/ aaid tbe honest old pries*, his faee aflame, 'it was a piece of tbe worst impn denoe I ever beard of/ Don't boast of it to me. The aaorament wts valid, you say ? Of oouraa it was! Bnt bow you, with the tnoBt oold-blooded murder in yonr mind, dared to take inch words on your lips pasBts my onmprebenBion. I tell you frankly that I believe yonr child by the second marriage was drowned as a panishment for your bhftpbtmy.' ' I am qni'fl aware that ynn acoount me a soonndrel, Father,' said Radoliffe with a gnot'-humoared smile. 'Bnt I think yon migbt remember that I am not, after ail, a mnrdsrer, and that tbe ohild has grown and prospered— that, in fact, he is at present far better off tban I am. To-night, for instmop, he will be hpped in luxury, while I, for try ing to aid my lawfni sovereign, am bound to wander like an outoast on the mountain.' ' I shall have nothing bub hard words for yon until you repent and make imonds,' said tbe priest. ' I gare you every possible help by sending Michael to you in London. But you let all those months pass and never acknowledged' him ; nay, yon deliberately baffled his efforts to dieoover tbe trutb.' To be oontinned. 