(BY ADAGIO.) A notable change has been made at Creuiorne by the staging of "Muldoon's Picnic," a classic drama said to have been written bv William Shakespeare, though claimed by one Frank M. Clark. My own opinion is that Shakespeare couldn't have written it; and the intelligent interpretation which Frank M. gives of the chief character teuds to confirm the claim of the more modern author. Muldoon is funny all through, with a mellow, subdued and good-natured humor, and where he and Mulcabey (Joe Cowan) become associated the choruses of a cookaburra corroboree wouldn't have a chance of being heard among I he laughter of the audience. Miss Edie Lingard has no occasion to fear old age if her make-up as Mrs Muldoon may b^ taken a premonitory symptom. Her acting showed real dramatic talent, and lacked nothing but a knowledge of the correct pronunciation of " Mulvaney." Miss Lingard fell into the the error that thousands of Kipling's readers have made in calling it " Mul-twm-ey." The disadvantages of not being Irish in a case like this are obvious. Frank York displayed his usual easy-going, natural unforced humor in Tim O'Brien, and gracefully slithered around in a tight-fitting suit of " lary " pattern in a style that his late lamented Shanghai rooster might have envied. Bob Bell, as Parson Brownlow, gave ev J dence of the advantages which may accrue to an actor from a pious bringing-up. Miss Lily Anderson, Miss Marie Lingard, George Jones and Denis Carney were satisfactory in the minor parts. The first part comprised the following programme.:—Overture, "Creuiorne," orchestra and companv; ballad, " Let us Love," Miss Juiia Cleveland ; comic song, " So Could I," Joe Cowan; serio-comic, " On mv Bicycle," Miss Violet Leroy ; end song, " Man v. Woman," Frank York ; duet and dance, " We didn't go Home at all," Lingard Sisters; ballad, " Hush, ye Night Winds," Mr J. Lean; end song, "A-b Ab," Bob Bell; seriocomic, " Hot Time in the Old Toarn," comic song, "Next Time," Denis Carney ; medley, " Scraps," Anderson Sisters. M BILIOUS AGAIN : Am overwhelmed with the honor " Amberlina" does me in agreeing with a portion of my communication last week. Yet I smile my most bilious smile when he talks of the COLOSSAL RESPONSIBILITY of managing so STUPEN- DOUS AN AGGREGATION as Perth's vaudeville show. Poor George! I really ain concerned about him. How he bears up against this AWFUL STRAIN I cannot imagine. Tf it were the production of " D'jin-D'jin " at the Melbourne Princess', or si une trifle like that, there might be hope, but to be weighed down into nn early grave by the gigantic responsibility of managing a variety show! God help you, Georgie, .Old fellow. When the melancholy procession leaves Cremorne my contribution wreath of immortelles will be among tbe rest. Dear CLARE'S: Been to both new halls lately—Queen's and Mechanics. At latter heard chairman complain of want of funds. Cannot these people see that if, when they build a stage, they were to add a proscenium, curtain, and bit of scenery, it would open an additional channel of for revenue P I know the Queen's has been erected by a religious body, and on that account I think imitations of God's beautiful creation—trees, flowers, skies, landscapes, etc.—woojd not be out of place on its platform. Cantatas, petite comedies and the like, which reqnire these accessories, and which so many of our amateurs are capable of presenting, are not VERV ungodly are they ?—FLOWER QUEEN. Dear CLARE'S : In your last you tell of the death of Mrs Brookman. I presume you mean Mrs Boothman. Knew the Gray sisters— Kuth and Jessie. Mrs B. was one of them. First appeared in Melbourne at Charley Wright's Coliseum in Bourke- Btreet. Afterwards taken in liand by MreG. B. W. Lewis, who developed them. Ruth married Alf Boothman and Jessie became J. L. Hall's second wife, clever little Alina Gray is the only c i d tit' Alf and poor Ruth.—Yours THESPIAN. The Thespians are preparing for the production of Robertson's comedy of " School," which they will represent at the Theatre Royal shortly for two nights in aid of the funds of the Perth Flying Squadron. The piece was formerly in rehearsal by the Thespians, but in consequence of departure for other lands of some of their members, and weeding out of others, the production was delayed. The vacancies, however, have uow been filled, with the exception of a few young ladies, who, as they are chiefly required to look pretty, should not be difficult to secure. It is talked that Harry Cogill and his Vaudeville Co. will open in the Perth Theatre Boyal on or about Saturday the 20th inst. George Darrell goes east next week to select a company ito support hi_ in a dramatic season at the Perth Theatre Royal. . ' ; Cremornites epjefyed a river picnic on Tuesday last, and Frank York's appetite and drinkatite were both never in better working condition. Dear I CLARE'S : Please print my summing up upon the respective merits of the Lingards and Andersons. Here it is in a nut- shell: The Lingards are picturesque posers and the Andersons are grotesque gyraters.—THE PARSON. Yet another effusion on the dancing abilities of the Cremorne doubles. And CLARK'S had to pay fourpence deficient postage to pay on this one too: " fn grace, vivaciousness (?) and beauty th« evangelical Edie and marvellous Marie fairly lose modest Minnie and little Lily, but in clog clatter business * Min.' and * Li!.' score off Sinnotte'8 crack double every time." — Yours, LE ROI. Dear CLAEE'S (writes " Oriel"): You're wrong, that is to say not right, in expressing the opinion that a comparison of the styles of the Lingards and Anderson sisters "can't be did." Why on Satnrday night the two doubles did buck steps and in your 'umble's opinion the pressboy's darlings (the Lingards) fairly knocked all the pebbles off Minnie and Lillie's beach. Say CLAEE'S, familiarly scribbles (and it is a scrawl) MANDOLIN : " I want ten tickets on the Andersons to fairly paralyse the Lingards in a fair and square all rounddancing contest, if such could be arranged. Match dancing competitions are arranged in London, why not in Perth P" Miss Marie Lingard has a sister (Miss Beanie Gellatly) who is reckoned the champion high kicker of Australia. From what I've seen lately I think Miss Gellally has a strong rival in her sister Marie. Talking about high-kicking, it is perhaps not generally known that if Bob Bell were to stand on nn ordinary chair Miss Minnie Anderson could kick the pipe out of his mouth. I wonder if Miss Marie Lingard could do that ?—FRONT Row. Miss Onslow Mackay, Dora Taylor and Jas. Watts have opened with Tommy Hudson at the Adelaide Bijou. In " Muldoou's Picnic" (best afterpart ever seen on the variety stage in this colony) Charlie Lovelace: "When my father died he left me the whole colony of New Zealand " The Enraged Parent, mollitied : " Aw, riid he now ? Well, well, that's "—Lovelace—" to make a living in. (Boot.) CLARE'S: Talking of dancing, if there is to be a match between the Only Pebs and the Willy-Willies my beans go on the latter. —MARATHON. Camped down at Melville Park (Bondi)—W. B. Warner, C. R. Jones (the tenor). P. Oakes, and " tbe bull pup ": An up-to-date instance of three men in a boat, to say nothing of the dawg. George A. Jones has no intention of playing " rover" for the West Perth's thin football season. This announcement is made as CLAHIS'S is given to understand that G.A.J. quite distinguished himself in a football match at the Cremorne picnic tit Melville Park on Tuesday last. Miss Julia Loel, of Melbourne, has been playing Hansel in the opera " Hansel and Gretel," produced by Mr Robert Cunningham at Kennington Theatre. The Dalys have returned from W. A. and settled'iii Jolimont. Will Daly is at the!Princess*. His voice is richer and is full of promise, and his sister, Miss Maud Daly, will soon be beard again. Rignold was honored last Friday by having a Ministerial evening for " Othello." The Ministry was chiefly conspicious by its absence; but the gallery was filled with 400 school girls and boya, who clapped and hissed at the right time—all but one awful once, when the irreverence of young Australia burst out in delighted chuckles over the rolling and groaning: Othello who hud just discovered how terribly he had been " done " by Iago.—" Sun." Mr E. Mayers, a well-known theatrical hosier and tight maker, has disclosed some interesting facts concerning Irving's make-up as Robespierre. He relates how he was asked by the great actor-manager to call at tie Lyceum. " When I got there," said Mr Mayers, " Sir Henty said : * You see I am very long and very thin. Well, I want you to make my legs 6in shorter, and I want my neck taken away. Can you do it for me ?' I answered I would try, and then commenced measuring him. He was 6ft llin high, 38in round the chest, 33in round the waist, Win round the thigh of each leg, and bis arm was 23in long. Now you know Borne actors are filled out with air-bags and some with basket-work. But by neither of these means can we obtain or keep a good figure. Cotton wool is the best material, and this I med for Sir Henry. You will be surprised to hear that last week I made him an inch shorter than he was on the first night. The only difficulty I had in making it was to fit him properly round the throat. To hide his neck he has four inches of padding on his shoulders, and this had to be BO arranged with the padding on his chest that it left his throat clear. This at first caused some trouble, but now it is quite satisfactory." Mrs Langtry has " broken silence," as she calls it, an the subject of her life, and the early part of it is certainly interesting, showing that the girl WHS mother to the woman. The only daughter of Deau Le Breton, of St Saviour's, Jersey, she enjoyed a singularly free and unhampered girlhood. She never went to school, owing to the *act that her fatli-r had advanced and peculiar ideiis on the way in which girls ought to be educated. Hence, a governess at home initiated the future actress and sportswoman into the mysterious, elements of education : but not for long. She was soon supplanted by tutors for German, Latin, Greek, music and drawing. In tjose days the future actress hail her girlish dreams of being u singer or a painter—never an actresn, the mere notion, of which would have shocked the Puritanical islanders greatly. By her six robust and atlilectie brothers, Lily Le Breton was initiated into every boyish game and sport. Five were older than herself, and ail were full of animal spirits and a keen love of mischief. " To this very day," sho says, " I shudder at the thoughts of the kicks 1 reeeived at football, the dangerous position of wicketkeeper I was invariably forced iuto at cricket, and the blows ou the nose that m:ide my mother insist upon my gving up boxing, much to th« disgust of my ln'othere, who were doing their best, as they proudly observed, to make a man of me." But they went ev».'ii farther, and " haunted " the churchyard as ghosts, she ami her brother being mounted on stilts, enve.oped in sheets, and rendered ghastly to view in having phosphorus smeared «n their faces and hands. No one in Australia in recent vents lias achieved anything like the reputation iu variety business that Miss Peggy Pryde has obtained. She has been appearing in Melbourne and Sydnej' by turns for maiiy months, and yet wherever she goes the amount of enthusiasm expressed is remarkable. Miss Pryde, of course, has aroused • this interest in herself because her work is. ('of the very best quality. A writer iu the " Australasian," apropos of Miss Pryde's final appearance in Melbourne last week, said:—" This gifted lady, who regards singing as ail elocutionary enterprise rather than as a musical performance, has now reached her last week in Australia, anil will positively depart by the next mail steamer. Fifty years ago Mr George Ooppin made a farewell appearance in Mel bourne, and he has given similar valedictory performances off and oil at intervals ever since. Probably there are many who would like to see Miss Peggy Pryde follow his example, but it is not to be. This week Miss Peggy Pryde has been giving some new impersonations that are characterised by much of the fire and vivacity of the old onet. But nothing that she has done has ever equalled the famous " Coster Wedding," or the almost equally famous acoount of the trip to . s outheud by the Sea. We take leave of her with regret, for she has made us recognise the great truth that even the vulgar in song can be made to seem artistic." The critic who is responsible for this eulogistic reference has fallen into an error if in saying that Miss Pryde 'was to " positively depart by the next mail steamer " he meant she was to leave Australia, because she was to play a farewell season at theTivoli Theatre, Sydney, before she sailed for London. A charming little story is told of Madam 1'atti on the occasion of her visit' to Chic'igo. A small child who was weeping in bed one evening at the Continental Hotel was surprised to hear the bedroom door open and to see a most beautifully dressed visitor come in to ask the cause of her sobs. Tbe small person explained that her mother had gone to a concert t • to hear Patti sing, that she had promised to take her, but that, another friend having turned ur, the little lady had been left behind. She knew a lot about music, aud could sing and play quite well, and wanted above all things to hear Madam Patti. Altogether it was a very hard world where elders had to be given things which had been promised to the children. Tbe beautiful but unknown visitor sympathised warmly, but suggested that the best remedy for this, as for many other woes, was to go to sleep and forget all. about it, and finally offered to stay and sing the small person to sleep. This offer was graciously accepted, but it was not till' next morning, when a note, accompaniod by a big box of sweets, was brought to the little lady, that she realised she had heard Madame Patti after all, and had been sung to sleep by the greatest singer in Europe. R.MJ5. Moana, which is expected to arrive here in a week or two from Sa n Francisco, will bring a large number of new artists (says a Sydney paper.) Besides Mr Harry Conor and bis American com pany, who are coining out under engagement to "The Firm," there will be on board several artists for Mr Harry Rickard's theatres, and possibly a colored minstrel company, who are being bronght to Australia by Mr Orpheus M'Adoo, of the " Original Jubilee Singers'" fame. Madam 9 Albani has - been confiding to a ladies' paper her preference in thematter of songs. Needless to say, theprima donna's first favorite is, like Patti's,. " Home, Sweet Home." 