tOISAM AND JBTBAM. BY " APEHANTCTS." rc indeed, to be congratulated on success of their lale meeting at Verv i-riunalelv, they bad the Morionp weather throughout, and were favoured with splendid patron- LY of the meeting, whilst the sport— and out—was frequently of an -ter. • to the improvements at Flemiiigton, a the \w-ek that the Hill has been mprovcl, especially on its approach way, whilst <he erection of a ticketto' the gates on Bagotville is most ve in tip: right direction. Formerly iy to travel' more than two hundred one's < oui>'C to obtain a ticket lor Paddock, but now the residents of •ill be I'onvenienceri. As there are -gotville '-state where buggies, bikes, "alien tare of, 1 shall not be surnon- mombers take to this of lining crowded as they are j the main entrance. On a big day sion there can be no doubt they more convenience*! by using the , and, it oreover, it would prevent i of thctraflie as we see generally, •k to the Champion Day, the change the southard was most appreciable, 2 blowing in the faces of the ey were galloping up the straight ubted effect upon many of the it particularly stopped the top this was specially noticeable in the where Homespun stopped as if he Although well backed on Ausay, Nanseij made only a poor howing, but on the Thursday he won with his outh open from Mystery, J.F. and Legs, but it •was, perhaps, only in the course of events that Nansen should appreciate the change from a hot wind to a cold one. THE quintette that composed the field for the Maiden Stakes was not of too much quality, and on the strength of her second to Condiment with 8.7 in the Ascot Vale Stakes, Nitre was made a very strong favourite, aa she had 301b. less to carry. Whatever chance she had was thrown away by hugging the rails for an opening which never came, so that when she had to take aa outside position she was quite useless to George Frederick, who won in a canter. It seems almost a pity that Chesney won at Caulfield, as it would have been more appropriate for Mr. George Gray to break his long spell of bad luck with a Maiden Plate. THE betting for the Autumn Handicap was of a very choppy nature, and this is usually the way when only a small field appears at the post. Crimson, with Cleal riding a La Tod Sloan, never gave the rest of the field a ghost of a show, and won in the commonest of canters. There was an outcry against the winner for the reversal of form, as she finished nowhere at Caulfield, and again in the Brunswick Stakes on St. Leger day she was absolutely last. The stewards held what was—I fancy—their only inquiry of the meeting into the running of the pony, but accepted the explanation of the trainerowner as quite satisfactory. As I knew she was well-backed at both Caultield and in the Brunswick Stakes, I was not surprised at the verdict of acquittal. I noticed that in both her previous efforts she was very badly bumped at barrier rise, and so I argued that as the Autumn Handicap was only a small field, she would have every chance of escaping these bumps, which necessarily would knock out a pony in doubh-quick time ; and then again if ever the Tod Sloan style were to be effective there was every opportunity considering the gale that had to be faced up the straight. THEES. were no less than fifty-two nominations for the Champion Stakes and there were four runners. " Oh ! what a falling off was there !" Naturally the presence of a little champion like Bobby stalled the others off, but nevertheless the field was poor in the extreme compared with what it might have been. Of course, She's son was a strong favourite,and yet the fielders had a turn-up, as they were taking 5 to 4 backers could not name the second. Ninety-nine per cent, placed Lee Metford or Le Var in this position, and as they finished only third and fourth they were " in the soup." With a view to having a strong; pace to suit Lee Metford, Avalon was started, but his efforts at pace - making were poor in the extreme, for Bobadil simply waited on him to the half-mile, and then the only interest in the race was as to the second. To the disgust of backers Avalon held his own so long hat he finished second, the sour tempered Lee Metford being unabis to overhaul him, with the stale Le Var a very bad last. Bobadil's victory was so very pronounced that there was not a semblance of a race, and it was rather unfortunate for Mr. W. R. Wilson that something from his stable was not kept in to make the pace a bit more solid, as under the circumstances Bobadil took fimin. 5'2Jsec. to run the three miles, so, failing to run the distance in the stipulated time of 5.4 ") he earned only £500, instead of double that amount. GRIZZLE was the best supported of the eigli*- starters for the Nursery Handicap, which is a fail test for two-year olds, as it is run over sever. fnrlong3, and therefore calculated to find out the weak spots. Promontory did not get away too well, but Hearn rode a patient race, and won very comfortably from Chesney and Grizzle in the very fair time of 1.30J. THE River Handicap attracted only ten runners of the thirty-seven coloured on thecard, and of these Aleineue and Elusive were the pronounced favourites, but Heretic, with Tod Sloan Kuhn in the saddle, was wonderfully well backed, and with only 6.11 up he had really everything in his favour, for not only was it the week for the " trial of heretics," but the wind was once again calculated to show the special advantage of the crouching position of the new style of riding. But before the meeting had concluded I came back to my old opinion that if a horse requires riding the style is rather disadvantageous than otherwise ; for a lazy or ungenerous horse it is absolutely useless, and if a horse get into diiliculties he cannot be assisted as he can by the jockey riding in the good old fashion. THE final day was perhaps the very best of all as regards the "gate money," and everyone exerted himself to be present in time for the first event, when "Bobtail" was to again make hacks of his opponents, four only having the hardihood to tackle the little galloping machine, but amongst them were the crack youngsters, Condiment and Nitre, and also theN.S.W. w.f.a, champion, Strathroy. It made no difference to the little brown fellow, as ho simply cantered awxy with the race, and, moreover, did it in record time for Australia, viz., 1.40 for the mile. This is held by Paris, Bungebah, Boolka and others, and it is indeed a pity Morrison did not allow him to sail away a bit extra, as I felt certain the little wonder coula have quite comfortably cut quite a second off the Australian record. What a picture of motion he is row that he is fresh and well—not stale, like in the ipring. "SEVEN'S the i.iain " was the ungrammatiea' cry in the Unplaced Two-Year-Old Stakes, and I noticed several of the punters standing off on the principle that " it's b.id enough to pick the best of a good lot, but it's ten times worse to pick the best of a bad lot." Faith and Idol were the favourites, but all up the straight it looked as if Shell would cause punters to shell out Bobadil winnings. At the distance, however, she cried a go, and then a rattling good set-to ensued between Faith and The Merry Prince, the latter just getting the verdict by a nose. Even had he been second to Faith he w mid have in all probability received the race, as the latter was crowding him all up the straight, and the stewaids showed their, cognisance of the matter by dispensing with A. IS. Foulsham's services in public for a short period. I think it was the fault of the filly rather than the boy, but then I am not a steward. TEN to the post for the Place Handicap, and Heretic a red hot favourite, even down to six to four, and with Kuhn once again in the saddla. The Gibs increase in weight on the favourite for winning the River Handicap was generally considered very light, but Carbinier met him on lOlbs. better terns. In the Branswick Stakes Relic was imposted 7.12, and in the River Handicap 7.7, beiug asked to give Heretic lOlbs., but now the Geelong Cup winner—who did not start in either of the races mentioned—was down to 6.9, so the relative weights of the winner and the non-starter were altered 181bs., and yet the general cry was for Heretic only. But gradually the stable came at Ofl' Colour's little daughter, and she went out at sevens, with Carbinier a point longer. Heretic met with a bump or two round at the back, and was thence afterwards out of it, the Tod Sloan jockey being unable to assist him in the slightest, At the distance it looked as if Gnullo v/ould at last place a victory to the credit of South Australia, but gradual^ the lightly weighted Relic wore her down and won cleverly in 2.37, the favourite just beating Carbinier for third place. THB Steeplechase, which gives its name to the • J _ was undoubtedly on his side, as Ouven fell and • - " would have won comfortably, but the victory of Domino was an exceedingly popular one, as we have no straighter sportsman than Mr. George Russell. The Adelaide gelding, Evanston, in receipt of 591b. from the top weight, took second money, but was beaten very easily. WITH Bobadil absent, Strathroy was made favourite at the opening of the betting for the Loch Plate, but at the finish he was the worst in the market of the quartette, Lee Metford being the absolute favourite, with Majestic and George Frederick close on his heels, and yet Strathroy won in a canter in 3.6|. He was ridden a waiting race, and when asked simply cantered away from the others, of which the sour-tempered Lee Metford proved the best and George Frederick the worst. " THE last scene of all" was the Farewell Handicap, and Symmetry was at once pounced on, although neither her track nor public form of recent days explained why. Gradually she retired from threes a couple of points as the coin rolled in for Cabin Boy, Veloce, Eiridsforde, Safety, and the cry was "5 to I the field," Cabin Boy and Symmetry being at that price. Security made most of tbe play, but could not rinish, aud when Cabin Boy shot out it looked P. good thing for him, but Bert Morrison brought dymmetry along with a wet sail on the outside, and ber 241b. allowance from the Bourke Handicap winner enabled her to beat him by half-a-length, with Safety only a neck away third, THE hero of the meeting was undoubtedly the brilliant Bobadil, who won over £2500. His form was so vastly different from that of the spring that he hardly looked like the same colt, and probably those who peruse the notes may remember that when he ran for the Narre Warren Stakes at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting I remarked he looked so ready that I would not have him for his spring engagements, as he would in all probability he too stale by then, He lasted for the Caulfield meeting, but, was nothing like the same colt a fortlate r ' whon , he had do ]' AT F E at headquarters. Now, however, he is fresh and well, and the comparisons between Bobadil and Carbine are by no means exhausted. In my opinion, 1 «>~ in j; r no e levi Bob the divil" would fight ° out a finish in the same dogged style as would Carbine or Commotion, but his run would be more like Malua's, so marvellously phenomenal that he would simply paralyse his opponents with his speed. Indeed, I believe he is more of Malua's stamp than of Carbine's, and with the hope that he will astonish the Sydneysiders, not only in the w.f.a. events, but also in the Sydney Cup, for which he is weighted at 9,3, I take off iny hat to the brilliant Victorian, and trust he will follow in the steps of both Malua and Carbine, and capture a Melbourne Cup, the princi pal prize of the Australian turf. THE V.R.C. dispensation over the meeting is £13,006, and Mr. W. R. Wilson, of St. Albans, won £3702 of this total, and had no less than seven winners of tbe four and twenty, bred moreover, every one of them, by himself on the famous St. Albans Estate, near Geelong. More than onefourth of the winners and more than a-fourth of the money is no light feat for one stable, and yet Mr. Wilson has captured these trophies. MR. TOM Urn ILL, who is in India, comes second with £1535 as the price of Forest's seventy-six seconds' burst up the Newmarket straight, and it is noticeable that this memorable occasion was the only oneon which hie colours wererunatFlemington during the meeting. Jimmy Lynch knows how to place his horses, and that is more thau half a trainer's work. MB. JAMES WILSON, senr., comes third on the list with £727, and in this total there is only one first, that of Relic in the Place Handicap, but then Nitre rau second' in no less than three races. Fourth on the list comes a Sydneysider in Tom Lainond, who secured £614 by the aid of Condiment, whilst Mr. George Russell captures £593 for Domino's two Steeplechase victories. Mr. FranK Austin was the unlucky owner, as he takes £475, all for place money, Lee Metford having been placed on each occasion he raced, but never first; and so the owners go on down to a solitary score. ON Saturday next the V.A.T.C. will continue the war between backers and fielders on the " healthy heath," and as many of our visitors have remained to see the conclusion of the battle, there will no doubt be a rattling good attendance. My selections are as follow :— FEDERAL STAKES.—Promontory, ] ; Chesnev 2 • Artilleryman, 3. NARONG HURDLE RACE.—Lucid, 1; Insult 2- Iramoo, 3. ' ST. KRLDA Cci\— Cabin Boy, 1 ; Model 2 • Carrara or Safety, 3. ' ' GORDON STEEPLECHASE.—Butler, 1 ; Ouyen 2 • Quatre Bras, 3. ' ' SELLING RACK.—Artilleryman, 1; Faith, 2 ; Miner, 3. SOUTH YARRA HANDICAP.—Wild Olive, I; Marie Corelli, 2 ; Veloce, 3. I HAVE received the annual report and balancesheet of the Geelong Racing Club, and must ofifer my cougratulations to Mr. Neil Campbell, thehon. sec., and all concerned on the exceedingly satisfactory condition disclosed, as the club's liabilities are nil, and the assets—including £34 cash in hand —£1684. During the past seasoD the club received £26o as donations,and £2393s. as members'subscrip- Uons. Mr. W. R. Wilson inaletter suggested that a bonus of £50 be granted Mr. Neil Campbell, the hon. sec., and this was voted uuanimously, although Mr. Campbell was loth to accept the donation. Messrs. W. R. Wilson and F. Austin were elected life honorary members of the club, and all the officers were re-elected, including all the stewards. 