TURF TOPICS. Special Importance was attached to tlho Victorian Club meeting -at Caullield on ac count of some o-F -the Cup candidates which put In an appearance. The performance par excellence of the afternoon was Kobold's dis play In the principal handicap. The son of Newniinster has been shUrpcncd up wonder- ftil.y by recent racing, and as ho Is not yet wound up to concert pitch, ho ui'ay reason ably be expected to Show to still better ad vantage litter on. Foulsham would not lmve persevered with tlio chestnut gelding so long were he uot possessed of some galloping merit. The unsoundness Which caused Ko bold-. 'to so lu'to such prolonged retirement seems to have entirely disappeared. .Ivobold's .-clahns. 011 tlio Caulfield Cup may':; have to be considered at 7 St. n 8 -- Ibl 'Fouldhnm has other strings to - his bow Oil Foret ( 7 st. 5 lb.), Lan- enstcr (0 st. 13 lb.),. Lord Cureton (0 st. 11 ;llx)-midTdea! (O st. 7 lb.),.and as he will be -In no liiuTy-just .yet to discover uUileh Is the -pick .of tlie'quintet, those who aropartlnl to "Fonlstiaau's - best" :; can' afford ; to -wait, a 'ivlhile.'.-"-, Thcre:; wits nu a-Uemirt to boom ICo- bold aflci-' iLis.Caulllelil i-Ietory, but tiic ef- fort was sometiilng of a fiilltirc, hud his mar ket statuses not. at, present a streng oue, de spite the undoubted pull he possesses lii the weights. " kv 'There wore a couple of Caulfield Cup can; dlifii'tes who finished hclilnd Kobold In the VIotorlahi.Club'vHiViiillcap whoso form may he.ioxpactcd ; to undergo material iliiprove- 'mentvwl'tli a llttle'niore racing. I n'llude to The Musketcci' an botli of , which are i backward In- polnt of c-onilltlou. ' .Thls dis- ndvniifage clld not prevent balh' riiniil'ng pi-o- inlnentiy to lhe honie, tua-n.- The Muskotcur lias igrown into a partlculnrly liiindsqmey horse; nnd. If when . properly woilnd .up he ehoavs - any , Improvomeut on Ills Inst ' spring, form, he will be aiiythlug hut :a- forlorn hope ' lii the Caul field Cup at 7. st 2 lb., a luxurious. Impost for a wel'l cared for and. thoroughly matured 0-yea'rl61d; '.I ;cxpect to see The Musketeer Shape, better with' every successive. gallop lu public. Ampler Is ouo of .the mysterious librses of the day. Hl3 runnlng In the Show Huhdlcnp at Fiemlngton was by some people' made the subject of uiifnvoruble comment, and his brilliant performance In the Haimblcton Handicap at - Cuulficld bus certainly added force to t-hcJr criticism. As Amplcr's trainer and owner may be able to satisfactorily ex- plulu wli'at on paper appear to bo two Irre- coucllnble efforts, it Is to be regretted the. opportunity hns not been afforded him. At Fiemlngton Ampler was without a market quotation, whereas he was on Saturday n molting hot favorite. , : One of the Caulfield stewards, who bears the reputation of being a keen Judge of - n race," held very pronounc ed opinions regarding Amplcr's run ning at Fiemlngton, nnd he purposely re frained -from Investing on anything In the .XIambleton nnndlcnp lu case of something unexpected fihuenliig. What did happen was bud'for. tbosV-who finished behind Am pler. \ ' H — 3?Ii6" RiVu'dwIck trnlucr T. Lnmond hns Dffered.a scvereVoss by the death of VIs- T'd'untVii.', whqcTl and broke his back when "girilopIng-oir'Snturilny morning. The son of Ilussley mid Fine Lady was well known to frequenters of Fiemlngton nnd Caulfield, to which courses he restricted Ills operations last season. He gained n winning bracket at tbe last Caulfield Cup meeting, and ran a couple of thirds at Fiemlngton, ouo of them being In the Mnribyrnong l'luto. Ml'. Dnklu handicapped Viscount II. only 4 lb. below tbe 3-ycar-old maximum, and tlio colt was so full of promise that It would uot have been surprising bad lie proved lilmself the best of bis year. Viscount II. was not nomlnutcd for tlie Victoria Derby, but be was engaged I11 the A.J.C. Blue Ribbon, also the two Cups, Tooruk Handicap nnd Champion Stakes. Mr. Lnmond refused a tempting offer for him a few weeks ago. Cyrus failed to show anything like bis true form in the Welter Handicap at Caulfield. This I expect to soo him forcibly demon strate -without much loss of time. He Is a proWy fair horse, and ought to win at his present weights. It did not trauspire what was wrong with -hlra on Saturday. He opened and closed a very hot favorite, but ran like n turtle, finishing absolutely last. This can- 1 not for a moment be accepted as his correct running. It will be well to keep Cyrus under close surveillance when he next sports silk. There is a growing desire to back Gnuleon for the Caulfield Cup, and provided all goes well with the brother to The Grafter and Gaulus, he promises to strip a popular candi date on the -Heath. Considering his back ward condition he performed surprisingly well -to rnn third to The Chief and Cran berry in the Hampden Stakes at Riuidwlck. He 8s In capable hands, those of Mark Thompson, who is not likely to hurry the son of Gozo for the Rlnudwlck meeting 111 view of his highly valued chance of annexing the Caulfield Cup. Mall boat's defeats at Moonee Valley and Sundown Park were not of a character to inspire confidence In his chance of winning at Caulfield, yet, ho succeeded In making a hollow example of the field opposed to tarn lu the Steeplechase, without, however, hav ing many friends 111 the betting ring. He made nil his own running, and won by a street. Caulfield Is evidently Mallbont's favorite course; he finished In front of some good ones there when he ran second to Blue Peter at the July meeting. He was 011 Satur day ridden a vigorous race by J. Cameron, who had not previously been on the back of a winner for some time. Now -that this dash ing horseman has onee -more broken the Ice, It Is to be hoped lie will be seen more fre quently lu tbe saddle. Never a happy family, it'lic members of the Victorian Club have patched np their latest differences, and for a time things will no doubt again proceed smoothly In the hotting dovecot. The bookmaking clement has all along boon a source of apprehension to the rulers of the V.O., nnd It was to check nuy growing 'Influence In this direction tlint tlie executive assumed tlio right to veto candi dates for the committee. The bookmakers themselves have never exhibited any aggres siveness on tills point, wisely realising that It would not be to tlie club's benefit were they to bo directly represented on the com mittee; but- tbey very justly resented the abuse of power exorcised by -the present com mittee in rejecting certain candidates In no way Identified with the bookmaking frater nity. It Is well to know that an amicable compromise has at last been agreed to, for continued dissension might possibly lead to ultimate disunion— a perilous position, I11 which the Victorian Club has been placed more than once diiring its career. .The Selling Race was an objectionable dis figurement In . Saturday's, programme at Cauificld, and It JS'ittPBfi- rcgrettqd that sueli vile coutestsy(-7)-.are permitted. Th,ey serve no; i>tlior puriJoso-'tlmn to degrade 'life sport and soil thCjJaVr qnmq.of .thcAurf. 3 Selling races ftre-.tot'oteraiU'e'. .''a&foluatioJ;, and should >e aljml/hed It would.bti woil were the V;R;C. tojgcytpr'niatttfr 'Intto<!onsIder- ntlon : with thiilSjid-.lit .vfejtolSic racing public would he under a debt of gratitude to the. governing body were It to do so. Mo tives of greed are nlono accountable- for the perpetuation of the selling race defilement' at Cnulfleld, the only course, thank good ness, on which such demoralising exhibitions arc countenanced. It Is to the credit of the proprietary clubs that they have ceased to encourage selling races. ,/The yictorlnn Club Handicap at Caulfield terminated the turf career of a good but un lucky horse In Spencer. The contretemps occurred at a most Inopportune juncture, inasmuch as the sou of Carbine and im ported Silvia was supposed to have quite recovered his 3-yenr- old form. He was heavily backed on this supposition, and noth ing In the race -looked more like a winner prior to the melee which placed Spencer hors dc combat. The smash, which occurred at the home turn, caused Spencer to break his shoulder, but Mr. S. O. Wood does not altogether despair of saving hlrn. Bred ns he Is, Spencer ought to be of some value at the stud. ' Rave goers never tire of Caulfield. No mutter how often comes the call to the Heath the turf going public arc ever ready to obey, and always look forward with plea sure to tin afternoon 011 the popular convinc ing ground. Mr. Tom Sloule has Issued invi tations for another gathering of the class to day, nnd, judging by .the well conditioned programme, the fields arc likely to he well maintained. Just now 'the V.A.T.C. domain, with Its beaultlful lawn nnd splendidly kept grounds, looks at Its best, and at no mere pleasurable spot could you put in an after-, noon. I entertain the following notions re garding the probable Issues of the racing:— TRIAL STAKES. Five furlongs. SKYLARK .. 1 ' CHILLAGOB 2 STliATHJOY .3 J. HURDLE .RACE. „ : Two .miles and 04 yards. \ LOTTERY . DUELLO .. ...,'--2 >: RIOOARTON -JS'V;'.'.'8 j; HEATHKRLIE II ANDIOAFi ' One 111II0 and u f tirldug. / . BARLEYCORN .. .. ,.\\.V.V. .l FLINTLOCK ' . .V.-AOv 2 THE MUSKETEER CHA-MPION STEEPLECHAfeEi-IJC About three miles and a quarter. DITTO .. .. ..1 MYSORE .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 VIGIL 3 , . MEMSIE STAKES. " ' f-. One mile. .- ST. ALBAN'S ELECT. , ' WELTER HANDICAP- Seven furlongs. .j'T" " CYRUS ,« ,, .. t EGYPT ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 EUGENE .. .. .. -. 3 HAMPTON HANDICAP. I Six furlougs. i : CHURCHLIGUT 1 OIILA .. . 2 SLATIN 3 Tbe victories of Prctorlous, Chartreuse uud Ampler at Caulfield were all gained at the expense of compared with their prOTl0ll "I"11 form the 20th July -meeting nt Saul-"0, ' Itorlous's -rider was reported by ti rrt- for not doing his best to get !, stim« being the last race of the div' /1>'' " stewards had left tlie courseHi?-?6 01 did at Aspendnle Park |n tbe „8 a8,tht?, Vadc protest on Tuesdav-0 being .the stipendiary, for «%>,„ , , Iheni had to he found. AHhoug.X pouted Itllie ense to be a bad one ,i .W ,c' got off with 'the stereotyped cant on itorlous's behavior at the post on Lh ' " was In marked contrast to Ull> d|iu'! d 7 he displayed alt Sandown Ibirk- ,,o the front Instantly dilie barrier went up I? If apparently sensible of the hi- 111' which ho was supported, and never 1? field the ghost of a chance T , w 'S Park Incident now looks worse The necessity tor having a staff „t stewards was again forcibly demonstrate at Aspendnle Park on Tuesday, when th honorary officials .present cleared nwnv r! catch the first special, leaving nobody not even the tklpendiary, to a0„l with thcyZ protest. This was a very imsatlsfactorv ' state of affairs, but it was only a repetition of similar occurrences. Such nocllsenco should nbt be tolerated. This Indifference to their responsibilities on the part 0f honor eiry stewards must tend to materially hastcu the appointment of 'the paid official. The postponed meeting at Geelong will be held on Tuesday, When the Trial Hiindlcan may go to GARDNER or ADJUSTER, the nurdlo Race . to CHARTREUSE or THE ARMOURER, the Winter Hamllcap to ALIX or FLINTLOCK, 'the Steeplechase to I'M. MATE or BUTLER, the Welter Handicap to ALIX or ILFRACOMBE. ASM0DEUS 