SHADDECK LIGHT. ,ti t > I PART n. CHAPTER XVi.-SKAT.DECK LIGHT. ' . - 0.1 * — — " • I BY MRS MAY ACHES FUMING. ®iaaw of "The Star ofDe Vere," "Wed/Ye! No Wife,' "Lord Eory," "A Woman's Hand." "A Wonderful .Woman/' "Jfraine." &c.;, &c.; A gusty November day. Dead leaves cwirl in wild-brown drifts through the ® t 3 sn ' s . before the wind, a trind that buffets and tosses and sWs like the lusty young giant it is, thS 1 ^ M h ^ and twists the tree-tops, a£ t tattled the -sundry vine-stalks which - a Sew months ago hung heavy with greit looping clusters of roses, that flings dust »y the handful into the eyes of the umwary, and then whooping in guisty glefe flies off to Shaddeck Bay, and prepare to snake a roystering night of it of afternoon when Richard Ffrench turns out of the srreat «lm avenue of Charlton Place, and prepares for a windy walk to town He only came yesterday, and departs again thi= evening. His' work fe done, his name is cleared, the real culprit lies in prisonmate itself cannot hold him and his wife apart longer. Never has debonnaire Captain Dick, in the brightest, most spirited, most sanguine days of his youth, looked more hopeful, more buoyantiy feappy than does the ex-cavalrv colonel to-day. He is going for Vera—no misunderstanding, no foolish scruple shall keep them asunder longer. She has ail the "pride of—a fallen angel where he is concerned; and love shall triumph over pride, and in his. heart he knows as wen as he lives that Vera cares for him yet. So—free, cleared, triumphant, rich, Joying, hopeful—he gets over the ground at his usual swinging pace, whistling cheerily as he goes, "My love is but a lassie yet.'-* He has discovered this much- When Vera left Chariton she went direct to her old friend Mrs Trafton, and has remained with her -ever since. Before this time to-morrow he will be at Mrs Trafton's door to claim his own, and hold it, too, through life and beyond death if he may. How it blows, and "how the great stripped trees wrestle with the blast in a fierce embrace! He bends his powerful figure before it, as it comes swoopin: down upon him, flinging spiteful siroccos of dust in his eyes, and sending the blood bounding through every strong vein. His spirits, already high, rise faigher as it buffets Mm. It is like strong wine, this exhilarating autumn gale, with the saltness of the sea, the pungent fragrance of the pine woods, in its breath at once. The tide is out, as he turns into th^ shore road, the long black bar is bare that leads to Shaddeck Light, and crossing it he sees Daddy. The old den looks battered, wind-blown, weather beaten, and tumble-down—this winter's gale will give it it's coup de grace, and the little brown cabin will be a thing of the past. He has half a mmd io cross over and take a look a.t it before it goes—he has not .been there for many 1 a year/As^he approaches? Daddy {-spies hirru^and comes to' a hadt "Hallo! "cheerily says Colonel Ffrench. "Hallo!"'' Daddy stolidly returns and then Daddy stands on the other foot, and eyes his master. "Yer ain't seen her, hev yer? Ter •don't know she's here, do yer?" he 1 >*agwely inquires. "Seen her? What her?" "Ter didn't hear she'd come back did yer? -Said so herself. Told me not to tell touther. A-goin' back in the keers tonight. Come to take a look. She's thar yit/*-' . . - Daddy ierkstis thumb over his shouluer in. the direction of the ocean. ButjColonel^F&ench; begins' to understand.' ^ darldfaeeiBa^i^ and iightS "' "Are you speaking of Miss Vera?" he • -asks. ,.. • . "Ah!" v i=ays Daaa^ nodding—"her!: : Come t0 a last look, 1 m t if eaE ota whaj-sh^- T-«t&ssed; if he ain't gone!" says Dadas-his'maste* turns from him, and in: -a-muuiteisicrossihg the bar. A dim per-' ception ^ the truth stirs vaguely in U»T ifog of Daddy's mind-a slow/ Imbecile «rm creeps over his visage. "Blessed if he ain't gOin' ter her! Bless- •ed if hecaan't sweet her!" says Daddy to himself, and so lumbers heavily away She is sitting on the little sea-wall, her lingers locked together, her hands lying listlessly -en 4ier-blaek' "lip." Her long crape veil is thrown backhand waves like a Piratical flag, in the blast; the clear! face is like a star set in jet The great, dark eyes, the loveliest the wide earth 1 holds, this man thinks, have all the sadness of farewell - in their depths. She iiears his footsteps, and turns; then rises and stands, pale, startled, surprised, be- Core him. But a light comes into her Ugilt ;T>f IWepresKble Gladness and welcome; and he sees it ..exclaims;. and holds =but «oth hands. .,. . ., . v, - „. - . -... "Captaiji jpick!'* <she-'answers, and give s aim hers. .'.., . .. .,. The name, tie-look, the manner have swept, a way six Jong years, and It is the ! Captain Dick' of Charlton days, her hero that is here, it is but for an instant; ' then she laughs faintly, and draws away lier hands. "I thought for a moment I was a Uttle • Sirl. again. Tou looked so like the Captain-Dick of those far-off days. But wh^t. a surprise this is: I thought you were in New York.',' ^And I thought you .were in New York." He seats himself beside- her—close beside her, on the stone wall, and looks with loving, longing; ii^Tpy eyes into her halfshrinking face."" "I was in New York. I have been ever' since I lejft'r—' "Why .did fon leave?" he breaks in. "That was era el, .Vera. I went back early next morning ful! of all j had to say, all one hear}: could hold^-and you (were gone! Well, it is past with the rest, but ic£°*J b M£ anything in the last six years came home to me more sharply than that." . She looks away from him, and out to where the angry red of the sunset beams through gathering wind-swept clouds. "It was best I should go!—it was inevitable. and Mrs Trafton's house has ever been a second home. I went to her an my trouble ana my loneliness, and she •was good-to-me, better than I can say. Colonel Ffrench"—hastily, and still with averted eyes-^-'T have read it all—the tdreadful, dreadful truth, that vindicates you, and condemns-that wretched man. !And I hardly think it surprised me, although it was & profound shock. For she loved him—oh, .. my dear little Dot,: she loved him! I always knew him to be •weak and wicked, tat of this I feel sure —he never intended.'-; to. :go v beydnd the stealing of the jewels—he never intended to injurp hen",» - - . . f "No, he came to steal, not to murder. If she had only riot awoke! But all that is past. Why -should you ever think of Aim?" -. ..-. • "I think Eleanor.- poor- noble greathearted "Eleanor! .'She haunts me like a ghost £|>m'e day, soon, I hope to see "I have ventured to promise so much in your name," he says. "Tou will let me keep my word win your not ?" - "I shall see her, certainly," Vera answers; "In a week or two I stait with •Mrs TraJton to spend the "winter in tlorida, and we shall take New Orleans ort;our way. "She is falling: into a de- j cline, Mrs Tipton, and has been ordered ' South. I go with her as companion. That fs why I am -'here. I have come to ' Cake a last look at poor Bora's -grave.- . J Her face is dreatiy as the red fight fall l on it 'dioTigh the prospect of being companion to a fretful inralifl, '-fcirctt" through a blight^ Southern .winter; > was not a particularly exhilarating prospect ^ fPor CoioneiPfrench, he smiles. - - 1 "And you think x will let you go,?" he Bays. "Vera, turn round-plook at me, instead of .the sky and the water—and teU me, if you oan, how long this is to go, He -captures tbje^harids il&d;: compels her to turnand face him. There'is a last resistance, but & vain one. for-hpr, * arnwr of Coldness, and inflexible pricle— in the hour of her needMhey fail her. "For six years-you have 1 been my wife In name." he says. - "In all that time we 'have been held apart—by my own act in the first years, by misundefrstandifi^s and -mutual- pride in these ! iast. It is time all that should^endP ' I loVe "fiiy Vife, I want my wife, and I 'mean.. to have her. No"—as she'rfasftes upon.^him. one of the old, imperious glances And tries to free her hands—"I am not to be annihilated even by the fire of your eyes, my "Vera—eyes i hare thought the" most beautiful on earth, the truest; t&a; ; Nearest, ever since I saw them first. I know you cared for me a little once; I: think you care for me a-little " still; I know that I love you^ with all the strength of my heart. In my trouble you came to me,\you offered to stay with me, -to be my wife. Vera, I claim that promise now—I claim you/' • ' - Her face droops under the passion of' his eyes, but in if he reads neither anger - nor coldness, nor shrinking. Her color comes and goes, but pride has bowed and fallen. He smiles, still clasping her hands, and bends nearer— conquering at last. "I am going to Cuba in a week—not to rejoin' the army, I have -done with that but for political purposes, all the'same Vera, will you come'with me to Cuba instead of to Florida with Mrs Trafton? • She looks up, and the dark,, sweet eyes that meet his are full of tears. . 1 ' "I will go with you to the end of the world," she answers. There has been a hiatus here, you understand. The wind shouts as" if in derision at this pair of lovers, and the sea dashing higher and higher over the rocks, sends, its flaky spray in their faces. :"And it ig not from any sense-of-duty?* is the. first coherent remark, ..jealouslymade by Colonel Ffrench, you are permit-- •ted to hear, "such as sent you to me at. the hotel, but because" j "Because I love you," says Vera, speaking-the words for the first-timeih-, her-life; "because I-fiave lovedyou from the very first." ' - e * » • c * The tide is rising.; if this ecstatic pair linger much longer, they will have a chance to pass "the night, tete-a-tete on the sea-wall. The crimson and fiery orange of the strong sunset is paling rapidly before the greyness of coming night and gathering storm. The wind still shrieks about them like a wind gone mad; seagulls whirl and swoop startlingly near, the flashing spray, leaps higher and higher. It is Colonel Ffrench who comes back from Elysium first—is it not the man who always comes back-first? "The tide is rising," he says, rising also. "Let us go. If we sit here longer we will have to stay here -. till morning, and one night you. may think quite enough to spend at Shaddeck Light; although I shall always look back to that night with the deepest gratitude, for to it I owe the happiness of my life." • He otters his hand said she takes it, and.so, clinging to- it, passes over the wet, weedy,, slippery kelp and shingle to the shore. There, as by one impulse both :pause and look- back. Before them lies 'tlfe new life, behind, the. old, and they linger for a second to bid it farewell. \- One last yellow gleam of sunset breaks from behind the wind-blown clouds and lights palely the solitary little brown, cot. Falling fast to decay, with broken windows, hanging doors, settling roof, it stands waiting for its death-blow, in forsaken and bleak old age—a desolate picture. While they look the light fades, swift darkness falls, and night and loner liness wrap .Shaddeck Light. The End... 