THE HOLY FATHER AND LABOUR* Receiving the other' day the French Labour PiU grimage led by M. ' Harmel and the French Pil grimage of Penance led by the Fathers of the Assumption— the latter returning by Italy after a visit to the Holy Places— the Pope eulogized M. Harmel as one who ' offers to Christian employers a rare example of goodness and wisdom, and. in whom you recognize after long years, more than anything else, a vigilant friend, Bolicitous for all your true interests.' The Pope then continued his address to the pil grims, of whom by far the greater part belonged to the Labour, or Workingmen's Pilgrimage. He said : ' Our great desire indeed is to fully display the Church as the veritable mother of peoples. Her affection has no limits ; she guides souls towards ti eaven by the way of faith and of virtue, but at the same time she does not desire to disregard in this world the interests of time ; she sanctifies them when she ennobles the work of the lowly and when she brings the power of the most elevated to do good. If it is a question of maintaining the social order, in the diversity of classes she only has the secret of attaining, even here below, as far as may be, the happiness of all. Continue then, most dear children ; show a very special eagerness in your fidelity to the exhortations, the counsels and the instructions which we weary not of addressing to noble France, and which are the proof of our particular affection for her, and which, in the days just past, we have confirmed in a new Encyclical to your clergy. Unite closely on the religious and social platform, in obedience to your Bishops, in full confidence to your Christian employers, and work all together for the general good, for peace and harmony amongst all classes— an essential condition for the happiness of peoples and the prosperity of nations. In order to be worthy of your title as true Catholic workingmen, use the influence of example and of word to bring back to Jesus Christ those who in your dear country have, to their misfortune, abandoned the adorable Master.' LEO'S CONCERN FOR FRANCE. It is thus, the Pope said in conclusion, that you can console our old age ; it is thus that you may, as far as possible help to avert the social calamities which threaten the future.' Unfortunately, the sorrows of Leo XIII. for and with France are not at an end. The Budget Committee appointed to examine the expenses of the French Embassy to the Holy See has voted for suppression by a consider able majority, and though the Temps, Figaro, Matin, and other non- Catholic organs of great in fluence protest against the suppression of the Em bassy, the raising of the question is a sad sign of the times. Moreover, the menaces of a new and most terrible war on religion — not Jewish, or Protestant religion, of course — are very loud and worthy of being listened to. The strike at Creuzot seems to show that there is on foot an anti-Catholic social as well as political movement, and that a war will be made on such Catholic employers as M. Harmel. It is not surprising to learn that Rome is in some alarm about these tail- developing tendencies of the Dreyfus case. THE ORIENTALIST CONGRESS IN ROME. The fact that the twelfth Congress of Orientalists is enjoying the hospitality of the Italian Govern ment has naturally enjoined abstention from it on all militant Catholics. The result is most curious. Though actually residing in Rome while the Con gress is sitting such Orientalists as the following are just as unconnected with it as if it was being held in Honolulu ; Cardinal Ciasca, the Coptic scholar and publisher of many Coptic biblical docu ments and other documents in the same region of research ; Cardinal Segna, the Oriental linguist ; Monsignor Rahmani, Syrian Patriarch of Antioch, who has in the press the Testammtum Jesu Christi ; Padre De Cara, the illustrator of the Hillites ; Rev. Professors Genocchi, Benigni, Gismondi, Mar tinetti, Ferrata, Bugarini, and Ugolini, and Pro fessors Marucchi, Di Nunzio, and Rolli, STARTLING DISCOVERIES. I think that I recently informed your reader8 that my friend the learned Prior of Monte Cassino, Don Ambrogio Maria Amelli, O.S.B., believes that he has discovered, after endless wanderings through manuscripts, that the famous text of ?* The Three Witnesses' was first written by an interpolator or commentator. This most disputed text is the seventh vei^se of the fifth chapter of the First Epistle of St. John : ' For there are three that give testimony in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and these three are one.' This is not the place to go over the long story of the critical history of the text. It will suffice to repeat the statements of an orthodox Protestant, Rev. Dr. Hugh MacMillan. After alluding in his account of the Vatican Library to the omission of the verse from the text of the famous Vatican Codex which ' goes, if not farther, at least as far back in date as the Council of Nice, and is the oldest and most valuable of extant monuments of sacred antiquity,' he says : ' These omitted pas sages, which, from internal evidence, apart from the external testimony of the largest number of critical documents, we must acknowledge to be genuine, are the most serious of the lacunae, amounting altogether to tte extraordinary number of two thousand four hundred and fifty-six' (p. 377). The same divine also writes : ' There was a rumour copied into the Edinburgh Review from Sir Charles Ly ell's work on the United States that tile. Cardinal (Mai) was prevented from publisning his work on Pope Gregorv XVI. on account of its I variations from the Vulgate, which had been I solemnly sanctioned bj the decrees of the Council jf Trent, and the Church's claim to infallibility, [t was further asserted that he finally obtained per mission to publish his edition on condition that he inserted within brackets the celebrated text, I. John v., 7., which was wanting in the manuscript [p. 372).' This anecdote suffices to show the general reader the importance attaching to the text about the ?? Three Witnesses in Heaven.' The learned Prior, who, I need hardly say, is a specialist in Scripture studies, tells me that he has »one through codex after codex, until finally he has reached what appears to be the point at which the passage came into existence. Angels and ministers pf grace defend ua ! Who do you think appears as its originator ? I pause before I repeat his name. Et is Priscillian ! Priscillian, the corrupted of Mark dI Egypt, the eorruptor of jnstantius and Salvian (the Bishop, not the priest of Marseilles), the accused of immorality (Sulpic. Sev. 'Hist. Sacr, II.;' S. Leo Magn., ' Epist and Turibium ;' S. Aug., 'Haer.' 70), the denier of the creation of the body of God, the ascriber of its creation to the devil, the enemy of the real distinction of the Three Persona of the Trinity, the refurbisher and reviver of fetid gnosticism and manichseanism ! Can it be possible ? Prior Araeili tells me that he finds the earliest texts to be ' Tria sunt— THREE THINGS there are which give testimony in heaven,' and this is consonant with Priscillian's negation of the Divine personalities. ' The text was exceedingly suspect first,' said the Prior, ' and then modified ; bein^ still suspect, it was finally more and more hammered down ; finally it passed into the body of the Epistle.' But I can safely say that the discovery which Mgr. Rahmani, the Syrian Patriarch of Antioch, has made is many times more important in general and more startling to Protestants than the dis covery about the ' Nine Witnesses' would be to Catholics and Protestants, even though it prove as startling as its promise. While all Anglicanism, High Church, Middle Church, and Low Church, must be profoundly affected by the intelligence of what Mgr. Rahmani has found, the dissenting con venticles must be still more so. The Patriarch has been collecting materials for a publication of im portance for years past. During his researches in the Metropolitan Library of Mossul he came across two manuscripts, one of which bore the title ?? The Testament of Jesus Christ,' and the second that of ' The Orders and Commandments of the Lord.' These two works afford a detailed account of what the Christian Church was in the second century. They confirm the studies of Catholic Archaeologists, and are a marvellous testimony to Catholic truth. IN GENERAL. Ireland, we hear in Rome, is organizing a fully representative pilgrimage for the Jubilee in 1900. The pilgrimage is being made ready in Dublin. It will be in Rome during Holy Week and Eastertide. If Australia sends no pilgrimage, some of its Catholics should join this one. But why should. Australia not sent a Pilgrimage ? Not to do so will be to create a rather striking exception. A considerable number of its faithful will perform the jubilee in Rome, and if provided with a rendezvous and espiscopal sanction, the thing would be done. I may safely say that this would be very gratify ing to the Holy See, which is tried in so many ways during these last years of the century. The anti clericals intend to hold a counter-jubilee, and though there is not the remotest fear of trouble over this, still Catholics should strain every nerve to assert themselves, and to console the Holy Father in Rome for the anguish which he suffers fromRome. It is needless to speak of the numerous attrac tions of the jubilee, which are quite apart from the Indulgences. To mention only one thing, the Holy Father will say Mass in St. Peter's. Now, since there is a Pontifical Committee for the aiding of pilgrims before and after theifarrival in Rome, presided over by no less a personage that a Cardinal, why should not the Catholics from under the Southern Cross send their first pilgrimage during the Jubilee which will unite the nineteenth and the twentieth centuries ? The Catholic Hierarchy is contributing to the expenses of presenting the Pontiff : with the gold hammer and trowel which he must use in opening and closing the Holy Door of Jubilee in St. Peter's. The Italian parish priests are being invited by their confreres of Genoa to do the same for presenting silver hammers and trowels to the Cardinal Legates, who will open and close the Holy Doors at the Basilicas of Saint Mary Major, St. Paul on the Ostian Way, and St. John Lateran. Pilgrimages for the Jubilee are now being announced on all sideB. England and Franee are both organizing Workingmen's Pilgrimages at a marvellously low rate. An American Catholic is organizing four pilgrimages from his country. There wiU be more pilgrimages than weeksjin the Holy Year. A Sicilian Pilgrimage is now in Rome, and an English Pilgrimage leaves London for Rome on Friday next, October 13. 