Circuit News. Emmaville. — (Home Missionary) We have seen strange things here. We have m been praying for a revival here and God has || sent it in real old Methodist power and spirit, nj and the last two Sundays our church has been B{ rilled with the glory of the Loid, and souls have W. been saved last night (Sunday). We hail a wk rather mighty penturcost of Holy Ghost power; aft it came like a holy breath, sweeping down the m\ people, when thirteen souls came out to com- W munion rail, three for salvation, and ten for m sanctittcatiou. It was eleven o'clock before we m, could close the service. Our cry is, Kj ' Haste again ye days of grace. W' When assembled in one place. ? M Signs and thunders mark the hour, || All were filled and spoke with power.' M Bourke. — Rev. J. Bathgate. 11 The Rev. E. J. Rodd, ex- President, arrived M in Bourkeon Saturday evening last, he preached m twice on Sunday and on Monday evening S] addressed a meeting in connection with the m- Century Fund. Owing to the inclemency of 5jj the weather the attendance was small but those Hp who came were well rewarded by hearing the m ex-President. Mr. S. Bembrick from our m Nyngan Church was also with us and presided ffl at the meeting. Several additional subscriji- In tions were received bringing the total to 131 ||i guineas. The minimum sum to be raised is S| 200 guineas. The ex-President was the guest B| of Mr. Arthur Senior at Woodlands during his 3jp stay. |; Glebe Road.— Rev. W. H. Rogers and L. ffi H. Kelynack, B.A. M The anniversary services in connection with ®j the Glebe Road Weseleyan Church were cele m, brated on Sunday 10th September. The Rev. if W. ¥. Oakes preached in the morning, the Bev. W E. T. Dunstan in the afternoon and the Bev. Kl W. Woolls Rutledge in the evening. On the jffij following Tuesday the Annual Tea Meeting m took place and was well attended. It was W, followed by the Public Meeting which presided hi over by Mr. W. Morison, whoexpiessed pleasure S| at presiding and urged loyalty to the church. M Addresses were also delivered by the Rev. V. |gj Halse Rogers who bore testimony to the M excellent services rendered by the late- JKJ treasurer. Alderman W. Crispin. The Rev. I. Rj H. Kelynack, B.A. also spoke urging the W, congregation and members to be loyal, M] sympathetic, and regular in their attendance at mi the services. The Anniversary was one of the m most successful for years past, the financial ml results in every case exceeding the previous jSp year's efforts, the Sunday collections, the jwj subscriptions collected by Miss Carson and jjff Miss Morison, the takings at the tea meeting, jsjj the annual meeting collection, and special sul-- W, scriptions all topping those of the previous m year, the amount received being over ±'G0. Hi! The anniversary services in connection with ffi the Camperdown Church were held on the 3rd m, instant, when the Revs. L. H. Kelynack, B.A.. «ffi P.J. Stephen, and R. H. Rickard preached to I| large and appreciative congregations. The tea mj- meeting, which was held on Tuesday, the ?*-tii M instant, was a splendid success. Great praise m is due to the ladies who worked untiringly and H energetically. We thank God, and take m courage. m ? Molong.— Rev. J. W. Harrison. k An upward tendency it noted with pleasure Hj in most things tin this circuit. The faithful ? labours of days gone by have not been in vain, w Congregaions are good, and the yarious interests ? of church work are being efficiently organised. B The Molong Ladies' Church aid association i« ? working indefatigably for the success of the X grand floral and industrial exhibition and sale ? of gifts to be held on Nov. 8th and 9th, and in ? many other ways is making the value of B woman's hand and heart felt in our church life. ? We are making but slow progress with the S Century Commemoration Fund, pending the M visit of the Organising Secretary in November. 9 only seventy guineas having been actually n promised so far, but an effort by which we hope ? to reap a harvest in a double sense is being ? quietly but faithfully organised. Lockward, at 1 the sugeestion of Mr. W. J. Moore, opened the ? matter by agreeing to cultivate a paddock of ? ten acres next yenr free of cost, except for rent of ground, the proceeds of the crop to go towards reducing the debt on the parsonage. Barragflin followed with a minimum of thirty 1 acres, several other places are discussing lots of ten acres each, while we expect to arrange something ' big ' at Garra this week. ] 'Welcome' socials last quarter and lantern '. lectures by the minister during the last six : months produced over £16 for parsonage furnishing, and a similar amount for the cir i cuitfimd ?I Arm'dale. — Eev. J. G. M. Taylor and j A. S. J. Hakding. ? A correspondent writes : — ' The Band of ? Hope has come to the assistance of the trustees ? in a very practical way. We think this is an I example that others may well take notice of. : Tlie windows of our lecture hall have been getting i much out, of repair. We have now to report that \ new windows have been placed in the building throughout, which has improved the appearance i of the buildiug considerably. This is the oufc £ come of very successful meetings in coiinection -i tt'ith our Band of Hope which have been carried ij on by members of this institution (particularly ? the senior scholars of the Sunday-school) who % took a great interest in this work. We feel ;j that our young people should take courage, and ?5 show still further weat can be done, not only ?! from a financial point of view, but in that great si ami grand cause of total abstinance. Previous ;;; to the past two years, the funds of the Band ?! o£ hope were amalgamated with those of the I'-, Sunday-school. We have very much pleasure f- in reporting that our school is in a flourishing p condition without the assistance of the Band of f! Hope.' | Willoughby and Gordon. — Rev. J. G. |i MlDMiETON AND A. HOTjLIDAY, B.A. 1] A lecture was delivered in the Pymble Church p on Tuesday evening last by the Eev. J. J. |1 Hitldleton on ?' How to be happy though p married.' The lecture was given in the H interests of the St. Jves Church building fund. H The subject, being a somewhat novel one, I attracted' (considering the inclemency of the g| weather) a fair attendance both of married and |; single persons, all of whom, apparently, were E ready to profit by the advice of so experienced a I] person as the lecturer. It would be almost sacri §» lege to report all the delightful little pictures of i| love-making and domestic felicities explained m and illustrated by the lecturer. ? It is enough §i to say that all the single people present meta H phorically ' hung upon his lips,' while at the H close of the lecture some married gentlemen p expressed profound regret that they had not had H the benefit of the lecturer's advice in years gone il by. One gentleman, with a curious mixture of H the practical and prudential in his expression, H said that while those who were married could H not remedy the past, they could profit by the H advice given, should they ever marry again. jlj Our correspondent hopes that Mr. Middleton's Kj services will soon be asked for in the interests Eg of other schemes, i ? 