X^EVXATHAN. A SBIUHQN, by tfeeB*v. ROBERT KELLY, Bo-nth 1 Y«w. I drtnr out Leviathan with a ftah Oitt old Mends tlve commentators have jfcufr roueh <s«attlteed i!\ their endeavoura to itUtftify tiiis- wonderful creature) Levia t&im; Now ih i* a whale, presently a cro codile, the next: time, indefinitely,, a "sea fy&mtpn.; ^a^ofe|^^ldi^De|stement^theSeptuagint> i^d^^"IUhgoniV and'oeBrtelnly the^^le ^pt&n;>.More r us atut^SXiS'W'^T1^ &; and being. : in Mm' ' ffettireorApoliyan. 'the geaemi ,«|w* ^SSSBSfiSm boldness, reristlhg Attack, fincofis&bus; °bf! the wneBtion Of1 fear,;: doffilfc&rl; ng, "king -^SdB." At tBe'spab time be Is fevestMAriiii mystery-JjierUlly < be is "the t^ted animal/' manifold, com posite, displaying the characteristics of more than one form of life, almost a po.etic; I creation, end yetwithbutbeauiyorAenhipe dignity. There is a suggestion of an ajlie gorical Clement, as though we had here bbe; symbol of some dangerous moral force, , plausiole, sinuous, mi|jfcty, iffifeliaijfe, given to underground methods, and ready for. "treasons, stratagems, ami spoils." The Divine voice from the whirlwind invites j d ob to st«dy this and other extraordinary representatives of pOwer. ts tie invited,: ■do you think, to nothing more than a les son in natural history? Oh, no! there is. more than this'on the 'very surface. He i is made to feel the contrast (physically, at < least) between him sel f and these monsters, j and'the ddly of attempting to master them • by gentle methods, 'leviathan may be ■drawn out, but not by a fishhook. ■Strong] as he is, be is not invincible. He has ex- j traordinary power, a fierce nature, an eva- j jsive habit, a terror- inspiring presence, but there is a stronger than he. As the whirlwind voice dies away, Job makes this reply, "I know that Thou canst do all things, and that no purpose of Thine j can be restrained" The forces of the natural work! and the living powers of the (universe are all subject to the commanding voice of God Most High. A SYMBOL OF MORAL EVIL. 1\. Now we are going to adopt a some what free treatment of the text, and re gard Leviathan as a Bymbol or representa tive -of the moral evil that holds our world in bondage und fear. What is that ele ment in the world's life that troubles it more than anything else, that makes the deep of human society "to boil like a pot"? 'What is that powerful, bold, many-sided, mysterious force that from the beginning has defied all attempts to bind it and tame it, that has undermined and destroyed the finest characters, and brought to the dust the mightiest empires? The name of it is Bin. is there anything next to the power of God that is so strong? Anything out of hell that is so subtle, so plausible, so deceitful, so skilful in impersonating all that is -good and beautiful and pure? It is an amphibious power, equally at home on land or sea, nay, it is legion in its mani fold life and activity; it is the "twisted" animal, the dragon, poisoning the very ail", as well as defiling the solid ground. What are you going to do with it? See it everywhere entrenched in its strong hold. It assumes all colours and all forms, but its universal note is defiance. The drink traffic is only one scale on its dragon's hide. Slavery is one, lust another, and lie has a thousand scales, and they are his pride. "Shut up together as a close seal, one is so near to another that no air can come between them. They are joined one to another; they stick together that they cannot be sundered." SIN A CONFEDERACY. Sin is a confederacy. One form of it sup ports another, and its general view is tha of a dragon, an unnatural power, a forn that cannot be classified, a thing tha ought not to be. Such is the leviathan o real fife. History is one long challeng against God apd man on the part of thi great power. Christianity is the latest an< most successful acceptance of the challenge and ope of the root principles of Cbristi anity is that no kind of evil is unconquer able—that is, it is not necessarily supreme It may persist and it may defy permanentlj in individual men, and be cast into oute] darkness to spend its wrath in powerless obscurity, but as a factor in society it if not invincible. Indeed, it iB already under sentence God's mind has been expressed, and in Hii mind it is doomed. The executioner oi justice has been appointed, and every daj is bringing nearer the final overthrow The thing is in the hands of Jesus Christ and He has commissioned His church for i holy war against sin. It is a great charge a great honour, and a great responsibility. 11\. What is the church doing? Is it trying to draw out Leviathan witl a fishhook? We are afraid it is. W< apeak not of denominations, but of th( church as a whole. j. And, first of all, we wish to say thai when the church tries to win the world to its Bide by making concessions to the spirit and methods of the world it is only wasting its energy and making itself a laughing-stock. It is a paltry fishhook method of destroying the dragon of un A WRONG PRINCIPLE. When the Christian pulpit tells as, unhappily, it sometimes does, that i the New Testament principle is not separation from the world, but friendly as similation between the world and the church, not only is the opportunity given to the profane to mock, but the intelligent outsider is confirmed in his aloofness, and the spiritual man within the church is grieved beyond measure. Do you think that the powers of evil are totally blind that they have not sense enough to know when we mean business and when we do not mean ft? . A- great deal is gained when the forces of sin are made to feel their wickedness and deteotableness, and.are convinced that the assault made upon them is intended to be effective. The recent attempt to estab lish Sunday journalism in England was overthrown because the righteous and moral force of thb nation rbSe against it. The advocates Af that Undesirable innova tion were made to' rati that they had something more agaihBt them thah deed resolutions itt minute books And feeble protests, with nothing behind them. When the Wotd of God bids as "havd ho fellow ship with the unfruitful wmrks of darloiees, but rather even reprove them," it enjoins" a eacrtd principle Of bdycotty"Gdm6 dutl awTbe mimhafe'' It tars spirit of i- in this ihiWyaspiat i take ft1 a nth-hdOk. •' YIBiS CatlRGH y inigtcshd Aj|jp ra ' [ it tike' to %i^e j^e itorid 'at 'Ifiit ir$*t 'ifiSfe^K 21? J&*?« ^ tonfiietWith the powers of d | wifl flourish as long as you offer it a pfea~ {fcant bait and a small book. A little girl !bdfe'^d ibat'Bke would not ntfiiid the Lord taking the badnessi out ofber "as long to it did fipt'htirt." "We ire very mucfii mraid ofhurtihg. %. Characteristic of 'modern sermons. is 'said ."fo be that they jhake no na|$ijtpiijim.?. Ibis us a conces sion .to' the Jjriiit of the dge, that bids us! be ^nite. The Btyle offa good deal of pre- i [aent^day sefinpniiing bks p&eriadmmariBed; j 'by ap American bishop ,in 'this way:— j IJrethton, you ninpt repeat, ks it were, and be converted, |n a ixeasnre, or m>u! will be damned, to tosj^hrient/' Now wis ] weak, halting, applogetie )tohe is never! going |to advance the kingdom of God. Get off your holiday cjfojthes. and put oniyour woridng dress, and let Sis nave an end of this lisping, perfumed, sentimental Christianity—otie-day- a-wekk Cfojistianity, tfaree-ho.urs-aday <Suistianity. Sow com fortably we sail along, life barren of ideals and empty pf any worthy ambition. Our motto, might as well be, "Whatever is is Vulnl » r.-nA A,... „»»w 4.I.U., Uoef best," and our one song, "Bold, thou bast cb goods laid up for many years; take much goods laid up „ . thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry." We smile on sin; sin smiles back on us; we are very good friends. The powers of dark ness are not a bit afraid of our respecta bility- They regard us as a church at play, and presently they will renew their lease of this world lor another 999 years, and, if we don't mind, then- grip on it will be firmer than ever. A CLEAN WOULD. 2\. How is the power of evil to be broken and this world made a fit home for the Prince of Light? Everything we know about the will of God compels us to be lieve that He would have it a "clean" world, free from every form of moral de filement. Is it not, then, God's work, and why is it not cleansed? "I know, says Job, "that Thou canst do all things, and that no purpose of Thine can be re strained." The -power that is equal to the circumstances is in God alone, but that power is to be wrought through the agency of man. The church has not been organ ised for the sake of organisation. It has! been called into being lor a definite pur-: pose. It is a bodj- of light in the midst of darkness. It is a mass of leaven in a larger mass of meal. It iB called out from the world and concentrated in one body' that it may act the more effectually upon that which it aims to conquer and trans-; form into its own likeness. The church must have spiritual influence if it is to accomplish its work. Do not be deceived by statistics. Figures are notorious liars. What is the use of counting heads if half of them are dead heads? It is the moral influence of godly men living np to the Gospel standard and acting as one, and speaking with one voice, that will secure the great objects of re deeming love. In spite of all drawbacks, there is power enough now in the church to shake the world if the church only knew its power, and knew bow to use it. All have not gone in the ways of Cain and Balaam and Borah. But the increase of that power is desirable for all reasons. Far more important than the gifts of the wealthy, far more important than the pat ronage of state and other officials, is the maintenance and extension of that core of inner spiritual vitality, without which the church is no better than an Egyptian mummy. BETTER DAYS COMING. 3\. Two signs we may mention that will herald the coming of the Kingdom of God. (1) One is the multiplication of strong personalities—men of outstanding charac ter, full of faith, and of the Holy Ghost. Is there rmy reason why there should be only one jpkjbrge ^Fuller in a century; or pne Spurgepn in a generation? Why, the whole Christian world should be thickly dotted with them. Imagine the state of things if every hundredth Christian man were an Andrew, Murray or a Reader Harris, and every hun dredth woman a Catherine Booth or a Josephine Butler! God uses leading cha racters. Men are more than institutions. We are in danger of "sacrificing to our net, and burning incense to our drag"— that is, worshipping onr machinery, mak ing a god pf our fishhooks, instead of cul tivating pertonal Christian character. The saviours of society must be flesh and blood saviours, incarnations of goodness and purity and right. Resolutions are no good without men to carry tHetn out. Ideas are useless until embodied in character and ful filled in action. It is not the confession of faith, as Newman Smyth puts it, but the man holding the confession, that Is to make a mark on history. We want more "pil lars" in the tomple of God. We have plenty of buttresses—outside supporters— the Lord give us more inside supporters pillars. We are mostly imitators, borrowers, and adherents—hangers-on—with hardly a spark of original spiritual genius. We want an increase of strong, creative per sonalities, and we shall have them when men give as much attention to the culture of the soul as they give to the architecture of their dwellings and the cut of their clothes. RAISE THE STANDARD. 2\. The other sign, of the cpming of the kingdom of God will be the raising of the Sneral average of Christian life, so that ere will be a truer relation between num bers and power.. Raise the tone of charac ter. Bring up the standard to something like the New Testament level. Let tbte World see for once a church in earnest— "all, at it and always at if—and the scales of Leviathan will peel off, and he. will be nothing but a worm—a slimy, contemptible thing, with hiB power shattered, and his pride broken,, and his boasting, silenced. Then you will have no, such anomalies and contradictions as you liavo to-day—the church accepting the patronage of men " same .time, j^toonito tha things *olng their worst to fiirotfie tod jflt; one missionary to a million Ai^lion Africaha; vast regions' a ' try with i ypiee j •yr-ir-iftodb^^Q fdr the want of 