Souk; English filiosts. There Is at any rale one ghost In Lon don, I'm1 the tlrst Lord Holland is said to walk the Sir Joshua Room in Hol land House witli hid head In his hand —a very fashionable ghostly proceeding —on certain nights of. the year; and it is a known fact that there are many houses which never have iboe.n let, never are lot, and never will bo. let for any length of time on account of uncanny traditions associated with them. The people who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but no iservante Will stay, and so they arc driven elsewhere. No stranger to Kpsam was ever shown Pit Place iby a native without being told the 'Wicked' Lord LytteltonV ghost- story— the white bird which flut tered at his window on the night of 24th November, 1779, changing into a white-robed woman, who approached the .foot of his bed, and told him that, he would 'be dead in three days, which ac tually happened. Sussex, which of all the home counties has retained He old characteristics the most, lias a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little-visited district, which was once Hie centre of England's iron indus try. There is old Oxenbridge of Bredo Place. There is the headless man of St. Leonard's Forest, known as Squire Pau lott, who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman entering the forest, and re mains there nntil clear of it. There is the Drummer of Hurstinonceaux. Black dogs— a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over England— haunt all dark lanes and lone by-roads, and under many a sequestered wooden bridge a headless woman ,may be seen spinning ; whilst on the old cattle-road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as- the Drove Way. a goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night. In cessantly spinning charcoal ! The same species of ' general' ghosts, as they may be called, is recorded by Mr. Rye. the Norfolk topographer, to be strongly developed in 'his county. There is the pale, long- haired woman, who runs shrieking amongst the pita on Ayknerton Heath. There is the great 1)1 ack ' Shuck Dog' —the 'word ' Shuck' said to mean the devil— who at Coltishall Bridge is head less, and at Salhouse has a 'blazing eye in the centre of his iforenead. and who has a brother at Peel Castle in the Tsle of Man. the spirit of a murdered pris oner, known as the Mauthe Dog. But the 'historical ghosts are more interest ing objects of- study. Tn this same coun ty of Norfolk, says Mr. Rye. young Lord Dacre. who was 'murdered in lf)--5 by his guardian, Sir Richard 'Fulmerstoii. who arranged that a rocking-horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of course) rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenue of Bliekiing Park once a year, in a hearse-like coach, drawn by four 'headless horses, and driven by a headless driver, with her head in her hip ; and her father, Sir Thomas, does Hie same thing. At Caistor Oastle there is another coach and headless team, and yet. another near Great Mel ton. This last rises from a pool every midday and midnight, and with its load of four headless, dripping, wihlte-robed ladies passes slowly round the field and sinks again ; and tradition says thai at I his spot, long ago. a bridal party were upset into this pool and never seen again. Then there is. the Gray Lady of Rain ham— not to be confounded with the Brown Lady of Ralnham In Durham— wOio represents Lady Dorothy Walpole, forced, it is said, to marry Lord Towns end in 1713. A firmly believed-in coach-ghost is that of Lady Howard, daughter and heiress of Sir John Fitz of Fitzford, in Devonshire, about 1000. who.- Mr. Bar ing-Gould says, travels nightly from Okehampton Castle to Fitsrforfl Gate, Tavistoek. in a coach of bones, pre ceded by a phantom 'dog. Gaibrlel 'Craddock Is a well- known Es sex ghost. He 'was famous in the mid dle of the last century^as Jerry Lynch Wie higtlrwayman, 'who with the pro ceeds of his exploits, built Lap- water Hall, near Leigh, so called because, upon the application of the workmen for drin'k, he 'bid/ them 'lap water.!' He was run. to earth in Ms new house, wounded, and drowned, in the pond to which he had directed the thirsty work men's attention, and ihe is still believed to be seen on wild nights, bandy- legged, ?and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing' from his pursuers as they caime from Shenfield. Tngrave, Horndon, Lalndon, and Pltsea. Mannington Hall, the residence of the Walpolee, Earls of Orford, has Its ghostly associations. Horatio, second earl, removed all the tombstones of the Scalmers, the former possessors of the Hall, . from Wktanere Church, and one of the buried Indies is still believed to walk round the churchyard. To atone for the sacrilege, every Earl of Orford at his burial was driven in his hearse three times round Wickmere Church before being finally laid to rest. Very well known is the stile at Little cote, near 'Mnrlborough, on the old Bath road, wiherat Wild Darrell, the principal in the terribly weird tragedy at Little cote Hall, isstill believed to be seen, fol lowed by 'his howling hounds, as on the day when he met his death here riding madly along, reckless in his con science torture, and confronted by the apparition of a babe burning in a flame. All the unhappy ladies of history ' walk' : Aim of Oleves paces up and down the gallery bearing her name in Hever Castle ; Fair Rosamond Walks on the river-*bank at Godstow ; Aimy Robsart. on the side of Cumnor ; Mary, Queen of Scots, at Fotheringhay. At A'pethorpe, the Earl of Westmoreland's seat in Northamptonshire. Lady Grace, wife of the first earl, walks in a corri dor, scattering silver peunies as she goes ; but the pennies are air, and woe to him who tries to test their solidity— so say, and probably believe, the good folk around. In the romantic North Country these poor dames abound. There is the Btown Lady of Ralnham— stately In coif and rich Iwoeade, but eyeless. There is ' Silky' of Denton Hall, near Newcastle, in a flowered, long-walsted satin gown and a satin 'hood. There is the White Lady of Skipsea Castle ; Lady Derwentwater of Dilston Castle ; the Gray Woman of Willln.gton ; Meg of Meldon in a broad 'hat ; the White Lady Blenklrisop, who still wails over a chest of gold; the cause of all the un 'haippiness of her married life, cum inulti« allis. The famous Oauld Lad of Hyltou, on the river Weair, was only ' laid' during the last century, but his wail, ' I'm cauld ! I'm cauld !' has been sworn to as heard at a much later date ! He was not quite a stock ghost of the silent, gliding type, but was more of a brownie or pixie, working hard In the kitchen during the night If the: maids were sluggards— very much con trary to the usual rule of his kind. The Gray Man of Bellister is another well-known North Country ghost. His original was a wandering minstrel who called at I lie castle, which is near TTaltwhislle on the South Tyne. was admitted, and pleased the Blenkinsop owner for a time, unlil he got suspicious thai the poor old gray-clad singer was a spy from a neighbour baron with whom he was at feud. The minstrel got wind that he was suspected, and stole away. Blenl-insop sent bloodhounds after him', and he was torn to pieces. This hap pened In 1470. and the Gray Man is still spoken of in a district, by no means behind the age in refinement, in telligence, and education. ICoi'by Cas tle, near Carlisle, has been modernised, but in its wainscoted, tapestried 'Ghost Room' Hie Radiant Boy still walks. At Ohillingham Castle in Northumber land there was also a Radiant Boy. un til the skeleton of a boy found in one of the bedroom walls, not very long ago was buried, and then he disappeared : and at Ooatliam in Yorkshire, popular tradition speaks of a shining child who vanishes when ipuiwued. Apropos of ghostly children, a prettv tradition is connected with a certain AAest Country house, to the effect that every cold morning is seen on the win dow Hie scribbling of little fingers, not fobe effaced by any amount of rnibhln-* — Ohambers's Journal.' Abridged 