An Aerobatic Burglar. How do you do it?" asked the ex amining magistrate, curiously, as he was questioning the prisoner who had been brought to him. The man, de- lighted at having a fresh opportunity of displaying his skill, treated the official to a little lecture by way of preface, and then, suiting the action to the word, climbed up the walls of the chamber in which they had been seated together alone, jumped down from the highest points in which he could reach,- hounded over chairs and tables, and was engaged in turning a magnificent somersault when the municipal guards stationed in -the passage outside darted in to the rescue, under the impression, derived from the noise and confusion, that the worthy juge d'instruction was -being murdered outright. The police had had their work cut out for them in the capture of this queer individual, who, not satisfied with his earnings in the triple role of a clown, an " Hercule," and a professor of gym nastics — as he styled himself proudly — had utilised his athletic prowess in a series cf extraordinary burglaries, over which his unlucky victims had not exactly known whether to laugh or cry, so comical was the manner in which they were perpetrated. Thus, on one occasion, a respectable citizen and his wife, well endowed with this : world's goods, were aroused from their slumbers in the small hours of the morning to behold a shady phan- torn stealing softly about their room/ The ghost, however, suddenly recalled i its substantial reality by seizing the lady's jewellery, which was lying about, as well as some of her hus band's bank notes, which were also in convenient proximity to the trinkets, and when a move was made in its direction, the window was opened and out it jumped, sustaining no hurt as it alighted on the pavement- On an other occasion a balcony had been scaled with like felonious purpose. Sometimes this odd burglar descended from a roof or a chimney on to his prey. Sometimes, again, he called street lamps into requisition, and swung himself into open windows with their assistance. On the event ful day of his capture no fewer than 15 policemen had been posted round the house which he had entered un bidden, while some of their comrades proceeded in search of him. Finding that he was about to be caught on the second story from the ground, the man treated his pursuers tc a mock ing laugh, and, jumping out of one of the windows, would have escaped but for the fact that he had reckoned without his hosts, and so alighted in the midst of a group of the ageuts of the law, who had to haudcuff and bind him forthwith, as he would inevitably have slipped from their grasp. Such is the strange individual in whose mode vof operation the examining magistrate exhibited so much interest. Special measures have to be taken for retaining him in custody. Careful watch aud ward are kept round his cell, in the passages, and in tbe street, as there is no saying what odd form his remarkable activity may not as sume, and now that they have caught him the . officials fully intend to hold him fast. 