A FRiENIGh IbUBAND. ORADTER V. (eONTINUED.) BUT the.brave little soul pereevered in her searoh for him, and finally arrived with her three weoke old baby at Bor ieaux, his native plage. Sho die covered her husband's address, went to his hnouse, and there found another woman installed as his wifeo-a woman he had married sinoe his return to France; end the young girl and her ohild were driven from his door with inenlts. She appealed to the law, believing, in her ignorance, that the Sjustice of her claim must obtain fox *her redress. " Sle instituted proceedings against hini for restitution of conjogal rights, and at the same time preferred a orim intl charge of tiigamy; but both notious failed, beaosuse it was alleged that the Frenochman had not disocharged : before his American marriage all the formalities which the law of his 'country requires. "To makle the marriage with the .English girl legal, he ought to have .done throo-things. He should have sent a notice of his intention to be posted up at the mairie of his native communeo; he should have obtained the written consent of his parents, -lid should have had his wedding solemnised .nda registered in one of the Frenoh consulates of the United States. Failing these observaneooes, a marriage, though perfectly good elsewhere, is never reoognised in .France. Two days ago the verdict pronounoing the poor, betrayed girl no wife, and her child illegitimato, was delivered in 'court, and to.day's paper tolls how, on the following morning, the patrol going his rounds at daybreak found the life. less body of a young woman, with a dead baby held in her rigid arme, lying anross the doorstep of the be. trayer's house. "The lightning at last! Groeat heaven, Corisando ?" The last words were added after there had been a vivid flash, which had shown the girl at his side, falln back ward in her chair, with ghost-like face and fixed, vasant eyes. B3efore he could prevent it, she had slipped down to the ground. A terriflo peal of thun der borst over the honse as the fright. ened trio gathered round her prostrate form. Then same a rash and roar of rain, which drowned every voloo that was raised and every sound of hurried movement which soddenly rose in that corner house. A memorable storm of thunder and lightning broke with that sweep of water, anil there was not a moment's interval in crash and fire and rain natil after the moon hsd risen at mid night. The ohsrch olooks wars strik ing one in the clesrad air when Alarie Barrington, standing at the door of the room in whiih his alfianced wire was lying, apparently asleep, said in a half whisper to her aunt: ' Let it be Sir David Lindisfarno, by, all means. I do not think old Dr. Guy is competont to treat any thing beyond simple maladies, and this case, I fear, is somowhat com plicated. I will go to Cavsndish Bquare first thing in the morning, and no doubt Sir David will be here by noon." Barrington had gone to the door with the intention of leaving at once; but some impulse, unaceountable to hinioeel then or thereafter, made him retrace hie steps to the conoh whereon Oorisando lay. For a moment he gazed at the mute faoo with a wistful intensity that was almost foreboding. " My poor little girl I" he mur mored; thon softly pot his lips to her pale forehead, and with a laot, long looel, turned and went away. It wai not an neoncoious move ment that qeivered in Corisande's eyelids as the door elosed behind her lover, and the two large tesrs that made their way from under her heavy lashes had for their soaroo remorse rather than weaneess. Barrington's anxious love. only bo apoke the esrvioee of the great physi cian; hut thoogh Sir David Lindisc fame came on the next afternoon to the house at the corner of Qaeen Anne Street, he did not see Coricndeo Kik royd. The breaklfaut hour at Mr. Kilroyd's was nominally nine o'oloolr, but with tho exooption of that pattern of regu larity, Uncle Sanmuel himselif, it was a rare thing for anyone to put in an ap. poaranco till full half an hour later. But on thu morning alter the ntorm the old gentlemn wans a quarter of an hour late, and panoing his niecn's room on hin way down to breakflfst noticed that her door wae njer. " ElI-what I up and downutairs already," he exclaimed. "Bloss us, how mercurial these young things HE wans eomowhnt arprised to find the breaklast-room empty when he entered it; ntill mor anstoninhed wheona p~riod of ten minuten elupoed, and no onu but Miss Kilroyd had joined him. " Why, ehat's Cory about 2" he icquired. Sho wans downstairs be fore me; her door wans oupon when I passed by." Miss KIilroyd at first soouted tho idea of her uieo bering well enough to rise ; but her brother persisting in his statemenout, she wonut up stairs to see. Whenou she came back her oshally placid old face was soared and wild, and her speeoch barely iutelligible. She had not only discovered Oori sande's room empty, and her bed unslept in, but the disorder provailing everywhere had made it apparent that it had very recently been theo sceno of hurried preparations, and that from it there had beeoon a precipitate flight. None of the wedding tronuseou-wams touched; but all her trinkets were gone, eso, too, was her mnsloy, and somo of her best clothes. Paralysed by a blow for whlichl they had in no way been prepared, the poor old oouplo know not what to do; and had spent two hours inlaboriously doing nothing, whenou Alarioc Barring. ton, so transformed that they scarcely nImew him, arrived upon the soene. HeI brought with him a letter which .his hiousekeeper had found in the loetter-box on fitrst going downstairs, ,and which was accompanied by a fiat leather case, into which woro orammed the various articles of jewel loery which he had presented to Coris ando during their engagemenut. The contrite avowal of injury, the pitoouna appeoal to his generosity and forgivoenoes, which filled up most of the letter, he never showed to anyone. But there was a paragraph that he road aloud to the trembling old people. It ran thus: "I dare not toll you what reasons I have for going away, nor. to what place I am going, for I have promised to keeoop scoret everything concerning my husband; but because you are good and meroifol I pray you to broeak my story gently to my uncle and aunt I I oanunot hope that they will over for. give me for deceiving them, hobut I would have them know that I do love them, and am sincorely grateful for all their kindness. Tell them that it is only to find my husband that I leave them and that though noneoof my frienouds woro by to seoo it done, it was in an English church, and by an Euglieh clergyman, that I was made his wife." Tho secret destination which Oori° sands adared not divulge to her injured lover in that letter, written with the horror of a wife's first doubt shroudieg her spirit, the reoader probably guessoeo. Slho was going to Paris.. Nearly three months had elapsed now sines Bilveatro Darnay had left her, with a promise of returning spoeedily to deolare their marrige to the world. Letters had passed between them since, though his had almost entirely eeasod of late; and ton days ago she had written him an anxioun letter, imploring him to come and claim her, piteonely saying: " 8he could not keep their ecorot much longer-it would reoveal itself." To this, no roply had boon vouch sIoted at all; but still no doubt of her husband's fidelity had vexed the treust ful opirit of the girl-wife, till thabt fatally parallel atory showed her, as in a mirror, the depth of the danger on whose brink sho toocda. Then eio formed a resolution. She would go to him. Sho had hoard from her brother what he had carefully ooncealed-his address at Paris; and, lot the eaonse qoeneos be what they might, her passionate craving for a husband's recognition made her bold to face the worst. With the route to Paris she was better acquainted than most girls of her ago, for Raymond had been there twice, and every detail *of his journey abo dwelt on and remembored. She knew the first steamer from Folkestone to Boulogne started at oloven o'clock, know also the time the earliest train left Obaring Gross; and, long before the servants in her unole's house wore up, she had elipped out with her pitiful white face into the keen morning, air, and had quitted London before anyone had disoovored that she was missing. Tile storm of the previous night had left the sea in an unpleasant stato of oommotion, and it was more dead than alive that the frail English girl was carried ashore at Boulogne. "hings would have gone ill with her in her exhausted condition, and with her boardingE0ohool French, if an old gentleman, a countrymon of her own, who had been her travelling companion from Toubridge, had not compassionated her forlorn elstate, and metaphorically takon her under his wiag. Having nsocernined that sheo wished to go to l'aris, whither be, too, was also bound, he proored her some dinner at the station buffet, and afltorwards took her to the train. The torrible son-siokness had left her as weak as an infant, and having submitted horself paessively to be laid down on the seat of.the carriage, slo soon fell into a sleep of utter exhaus tion, and slept all the way from Boulogne to Amiens. "What the denose are people about to lot such a pretty young oreature take a journey like this alone ?" pon dorod theo ourious old gnorled-faced Euglishman, who watahod -her slum bore from the opposite seat;. Although not an artist by profession, but only a manufacturer of art furni ture, the old man knew how to appre ciate beauty when he saw it. The delicate lines of the little faee, about whose sweet lips and brow the innooonoo and freshness of childhood lingered yet; the dark hair clustoring in glossy, erumplod masses, round the small, shapely Ilead;and the chook still round and dimpled, despite its whitoeness, pillowed on the soft, girlish hands, wereo features any painter would have loved to repro. duoso. At Amiena the train stopped for twenty minutes, and the bustle on the platform wokeo orisando with a frightoned stari, under the impression that it was Paris. Besides herself and her elderly bono flotor, there were two middle-aged ladies travelling in the same oompart ment, whoseo itereat.he olde:gentlo man had tried to enlist on behalf of the forlorn girl while she alept, think ing naturally that the nssistanco of membors of her own sex would be most cooeptablo to her; but, with the proud and selfish exclusivouoss so ebarantor istio of English people abroad, they deolined to have any.dealings with a stranger. So the good Samaritan wae obliged to cnrry on his weore unaidod. After disposing of a cup of capitol coffee, and ono of those erisp, delicious little biscuits for which the Amiens buffet is famed, and which her now acquaintance procured for her, Cori sando seat up refreshed and better. "I sunpose some one will meeot you at the termiuns ?" her kind friend ventured to askl, when the train was again in motion. She ooloured, and shook her henad. "But it will be night tWhen we reach Paris--ten o'olock, at the earliest," persisted the old gentleman, in come anxiety. "Do you know yosue ay from the station ?" . In blushing confusion, poorsOori. sando was compelled to acknowledgo that ohe did not. "I am going to the Plaooe do I'Ee. perance," she said. "I thought I could get a cab to take me there." At.the mention of the Place do 'Es perane, her travelling companion opened his eyes, for it was a magnifi. cent avenue of palatial mansions; and that any relation or guest of the greart folk there could be travelling alone, and seoond-olaoo, w?e too aboenrd an idea to be entertained for a moment. P'erhap shabe wae a nursery governess, or a lady's maid. Forced to acoept some obch expla nation of the mystery, the good natured old man in delicacy forbore to ask her any more questione, content/ ing himself, when they arrived at the end of their journey, with seeing her sanlely into a cab, and making the place of her destination qoite clear to the driver. " onfoundedly strange I" he mat tored to himself, as with the echoes of her awest" good-by," and "thank you many, many times," ringing in his ears, he turned his bast on the re treating vehicle. "She hasn't the manner or bearing of one of the de pondent class. Poo?k little soul. Per haps her people have known better days, and this is her first place." It would not. be easy to desocribe Corisando's feelings when parted from her friendly ounotryman. She drifted away into tho vasoness of a foreign oity, like a little boat loosened from its moorings floating rndderless on. the open eaa. Tho strange pponaranoo of an un kinown capital by night; the orowd, the glitter, the babble of an unfamiliar tongue, all added to that mental con fusion which oruol conflioting fears had already made so grievous. At length, after. passing down shady bonlevards; and streeto ablaze woitb brilliance, where her astonished eyes behold shops without .windows, and gay people without hats or bonnots sitting round tables on.the pavements the cabriolet turned suddenly into an imposing breadth of road where the houses retired behind grand carriage sweeps, and the light and muiio that floated out from them came mellowed and softened by distance. In the violence of surprise her head grow'dizzy, when, turning into one of those carriage sweeps, her cab pulled up at a splendid portiooed doorway, in whose light-flooded ountrance ser. vants in gorgeous livery were moving abont. reound her, she reeled forward and snaik down, sick, faint, and secarcely conscious, at her betrayer's feet. "Abll, goodl" exolaimed Bilvestre, in the einieter tonesethat were so much more ornel than another man's rage; " we have here' the conolusion of the farce. Meossiours and mesdames, I apologise for this interruption to younr pleaaures. If it wre'e the a'ffaiir ofea sane person, one would be compelled to refer it to tlihe,Pi'oeoture but, without doubt, this is some. poor im beoile strayed. Therefore, she shall be given in obhargo of a commisseary of police to secure hera lodging for the night.". Thus speakling, 'iith a elight nod, ho beckoned a domestio who had accompanied Corisar~do to the saloon, and who still lingered, expectant of orders, near the door. To him he gave certain whispered instructions; and then offering his arm to the lady who was to have been his partner .for the next dance, with the remarlk that theso original Eng lishwoman would breathe better in their absence, led the way, with ex emplary grace and coolnoes, to another apartment. The rest of the company followed their host; and Corieande, sense- be nombed and motionless, was loft alone upon the floor.; -Sho ?¢as still in the same position when a person in uniform arrived, and, willth an air of polite resolution, requeated that sheo wold give himn the pleasure of her company. (To be continted.) As one of those, imposing in his very politeness, opened the cab door, she sonarcely dared to ask him if this was Monsieur Darnay's house. Theo sight of the palace struck a chill to her heart. She was no mis tress for asnh a home. Nevertheless it was, it appeared, her husband'e. "Yes; monsieur was at home. He had a reception," the courteous foot man informed her. "Did she hold one of monsieur's cards of ipvite ?" Perhaps he thought.her dress ex traordinary for tho occasion; but when she told him that she was an English friend of his measter's, that fast accounted in hie eyes for any amount of peoularity, and he made no difficulty about taking her upstairs. Monsieur Darnay's assembly rooms were crowded that night, and as the pale, pretty, oadly-attired English girl passed through their midst, the gaily-dressed guests stood aside and stared. Monsiaeur himsell eas just taking his place at the head of a danoe, with a diamonod-spangled bello on his arm, when the quaint little figure that had attracted so much attention met his eye. The same instant Corisando saw him, and the eight so intoensely longed for made her oblivions to the oonse quenoes of her rashness. Setting up a cry of joy, she rushed to him with extended arms, exolaim ing, "My husband I my husband i" Tenderly her arms twined them. selves about him, Down dropped her Ihead on his breast. Bilvestro stood still -as a statue, every fine lipse in his face of transpa roent paleness craftily compressed, and the two dints in his nose so contraoted that they changed colour. Not till tihe murmur of astonish ment running round the room had subsided did he move or speak. Then, freoing himself from Gorisando's close embrace and holding her at arm's length, he said, in a clear, unfaltering voice : " Some of my friends, I presume, have prepared for me this practical joke. I thank them, and trust it has contributed to the diversion of the company. For you, madam," ad dressing Oorisande, "I make you my compliments of your part so well played." Perhaps the bystandere mistook his oynical tones for banter; but his wife, -meeting the glaoo of hirs ominous eye, felt the warm blood that had leaped up so gladly at sight of him curdle in her vein'. His words, spoken in Freonohl, she had only partially comprehlended; but that cruel look sho - understood. It convoyed to her the real bitterness of her position, and like a hunted animal she turned at bay upon all those sold, sneering fces, whoso presence fur nished an additional pang to the agony of seeing herself ignored by the man -who, of all men, stood to herin closest relationship. Tiso blood rushed to .her face; the fire fliohered in her eyes; a fastitious oourage lent majesty to her girlish form, and firmnes' to her voice, no, addressing herself to the staring throng gathered round her and him who should have been hler protection from all insults, she exolaimod, in Frenoh, ." you thick you do well to meek me, a stranger and an English girl, for coming here unasied; bet my right hero is greater than yours. You are the guests of tbis mane; I am his wife. It is now five months sineoo i first called Monsieur Silvestra Darnay my husband I" A ouret of soornl l iaughter from Silveetre greeted this aunouncoment. S"Is she not equnisito, this droll deluded one 1" ho cried, in tones of amnusemoent so apparently genuine that tho spotatore,'who had been won over by Oorisando's impassioned man nor, were bound to believe it all a hoax; and in a few seconds the roar of derisive niorriment was universal and eustainod. Abuse, even blows, Corisando might have borne; but the sound of her haband'e voice raised against her in mookery broke down her spirit com plotely. Despair seized her. The. brief ;ffort of self-assertion had exhausted her weakened physique; and all at poe, as the mookinig ahouts broke 