(fNBBR FATE'S WHEEL [By LAWRENCE £.. LYNCH, author of 'Shadowed by Three,' 'No Proof,' etc.] CHAPTER .XXX.— (Continued.) 'The next day,' went on the girl, with a troubled look from aunt to niece, ''the sick soldier died, and two weeks later I ran away p*6m iny home with Lieutenant Beale. In that time he had taught me to love him. He peemd to make me obey him, even against ry will. I won't trouble you with my story, did learn to ride the bicycle. I became a professional rider, and because vvm was {jealous— that was at first— I rode as a boy. kfter a time trouble came. We quarrelled pnd made up again and again. Sometimes »ny money supported him for weeks. Then, all at once, he tola me he was going abroad, find I believed him, and nearly died of grief. Six months later I found him, by accident, in a town where £. we were performing. I lad joined a circus ^then, and we were friends for a little white - He was studying in a col ese there, and I had to go on with the com pany. He told _tae . !he: was studying law. and I— fool that I was— felt proud | )f him. It was then that. he caine to see me j me day— we were showing a Aveek at a re sort a few miles from the college town— and jrou^ht with him the 'stick,' as we always lsed'to call it. He had won it at cards, after svraning all the man's money; and when I iound, as I did almost at once, that he- had issumed the name of Chetwynde. and I threatened to expose the fraud, he flew into i rage and threatened to shoot me with it— Lhe stick, you know. I had handled it often, 'or I know how to use firearms, and he had | showed me the trick of the air chamber. He had often threatened . me with the thing be iore when things went ill, and now, when he igain threatened, I watched my chance to steal it from him, for I really. began to fear j:,' ? ) ''Won't you rest a moment?' asks Mr. Hilton gently, but the girl shakes her head. 'I must finish now,' she says, and hurries on. 'On the last night of our stay, he came a little the worse for wine, which did not happen often. He dared not lose his wit, for ? lie had become what people call a 'card sharp,' and needed all his senses. But this iiight he had left them behind, and when I hid the stick he never missed it.' Again for a moment she looks toward Aunt Cass. and % small brown hand goes out toward her. The spinster takes it, all blood-stained as it is. and holds it quietly in both her own. 'The next time I saw Willaid Beale,' the eirl says wearily now, 'was at Manhattan : Beach Cycle Track, where I gave some ex-j hibitions of trick and fancy riding. He was ! with you, Miss Chetwynde,' looking again from aunt to niece. 'I was on the high ? trestle, and the shock of seeing him there with his sweetheart, as I then thought, made ' Die lose. my poise, and fall. It came near be ins: my death. I wish now it had! No, I don't mean that: he is better dead, and it 5vill soon be all the same to me. ?From the moment of my seeing him thus, I never again lost sight of him. I found out the game he was playing, and I began to tor- ? ment. him. I took lodgings with the widow , Jiieo, who. as I soon found, would ask no questions if she was only well paid. I told Lor 1 rode the wheel in boy's clothes because of the greater safety for a woman alone, i iiud for the greater ease of movement. She ! thought me an actress, and to her my little '; trips upon the wheel were all 'larks.' I let : her think so. I had listened and questioned ; where I could, and had found out that Wil- ! laid Beale was making love to some rich girl. Then I went raging mad, and wrote the note which, I felt sure, would bring him quickest to the Heights, first, because he dared not stay away; and next, because hej was wild to recover his 'stick'— a little water, please.' They 'gave her/the drink, and, saye Im- this there is no sound nor movement, in. the rear of the room where Lorna has been Ilttine she now stands, her head bent for ward and her face eager and horror-stricken. ??I was in the woods early,' the girl re- j snmes 'I was too restless to wait for the j appointed hour, and the sight of my recreant , lover across the ravine astonished me, for it ?was two hours or more too early. A moment later I saw his companion, and, fired with ( jealous rage, I began to watch them. When tl'ey neared the bridge I hid my wheel, and ; in doing so discovered the horse tied to the fence. 'When he went to drive the mules across the bridge their backs were toward me, and. under cover of the noise the animals made in crossing, I climbed into the tree, where I sat, it seemed to me. a lifetime. 'I watched it alls and knew that he was i hypnotising Miss Hilton, for I knew of this I gift — or curse. I can't go over the story of that long watch, but little by little I .realised his purpose, and was resolute to foil him. TVhen they came directly beneath me I trembled lest I might be discovered, but he never took his eyes away* from her lace. Then, at last, came the final effort, when he vent too far, and awoke some strong chord of opposition in her nature. Then she strug gled to escape him, and cried aloud for help. 'When he began to pour out hot love words, ' Ewore he would never let her go, and caught lier up in his arms, I pointed the air gun — which I had taken for another purpose, and had not dared to leave beside the wheel- I thrust my arm straight down through the blanches and leaves and deliberately fired, not knowing whether the ball would strike him or her, and not caring then. At the very ? instant when I fired, and they fell, my ayes met hers full, and I was sure she saw me. Then came that other report, at the same in stant almost, and it startled me so that the a'.v gun fell from my grasp. How I got down from that tree when the two young men, xvhoru I had not'seen until after the pistol Bhot. were not looking, I need not tell. I stole j to the carriage, which I felt quite certain was there awaiting the dead man's use, and, fear ing pursuit if I took the cycle track, I got toy wheel into the carriage, and crouching down beside it so as not to be seen from the! till. I self the horse off -with a cut of the V-hip, quite sure that the cyclers would not attempt that rough waggon road in pursuit. 'My own desire then was to put space between myself and that spot upon the Heights. I got on the train at Lakeville, and Vint straight to the city. On the train I saw Miss Hope Chetwynde, another sweetheart I supposed her then, and, jealous still, and eag er to hurt others as I had been hurt, I wrote a note, accusing her lover of falseness, and then hinting at his, death. I hardly knew tvhat I wrote, and I managed to toss it into her lap unseen. When I got to the villa to *ry and get one look at my dead lover's fare, 1 learned for the first time my mistake, and My hate and jealousy all turned toward Miss Hilton. i 'When I met ' Miss Cassandra Chetwynde at the cemetery I feared her. keen eyes, but I could not resist the temptation to go to the Tilla that flight, hoping to get into his room. Sou know how I was baulked then! Then I began to play ghost at Redlands, with the aid of my wheel and some of my trick rid Mg, in the hope, sooner or later, of getting the chance to do Miss Hilton an /injury. When I encountered the two ladies at 'the Heights, i knew that 'Miss Gassandra sus pected me; and when I found that the sheriff ^as again in Lee, I determined, to make an attack upon Miss Hilton and go away at once, ilou see how that has ended. As -for the tales 'Wit Mr. Hilton, I set them going because he was her brother, and ' I hated her and longed to make her suffer as I did.' Her ^eeh for some moments had fceen gradually growing slower, with longer intervals be tween the sentences, aiid now she pauses, and seems thinking, and gradually her gaze fixes itself upon the face of Hope Chetwynde, and as she looks Hope bends closer, drawn, it would seem, by that gaze. . ? ~ ; J 'What is it?' she asks in a half-whisper. - A look of pleased surprise dawns upo/i the : pallid face. -U.J. ?, 'You knew:' she says, 'that I was thinking of you. May I ask you a few questions V! and the look in the eyes grows pathetically eager. .-;??? 'Anything, if you are strong enough,' Hope's voice is very kind. 'Ever since that day when you let me look at him, I have thought about you often. You have always been good? Always been happy?' 'Good!'— having promised to reply, Tlope does not hesitate— 'I fear not— not alwnys. And happy? Except for the loss of friends I have hatt no troubles.' 'I knew it! And you were taught good ness, and about God and heaven, and how we ought to live, were you not?' 'Yes,' Hope replies wonderingly. 'Do you think that ? you and I, when we were little children, could have been alike— were born so, I mean, I as good as you?' 'I am sui'e of it, child!' 'And if you had been in my place — if you grew up among rough people— bad. people? What if your mother died — the only one who was good and wise and kind that you had known — if she had, died when you were just a child?' 'My mother did die then.' 'But;' and here the girl's eyes go swiftly from Hope's face to that of Aunt Cass. 'But you had her; and, oh the difference!' Suddenly Hope leans forward and catches the girl's hand lying limp and white upon the counterpane. 'Listen!' she says gently, fivnily. 'The difference will all l-e in your favor. If I had done what you have done mine would be the greater sin, for I knew. We came into this world alike, equal; you, Lorna Hilton, and I. The same God sent us here, the same will judge us. And if Lorna and I have been given more love and care and friends, we shall be accountable for mere. And if we sin, our sin is greater, be* cause we know. If you have done wrong, your Judge, who knows how you have lived, lacking the things given to us, will judge you less severely, and will forgive you the more readily because of these things. And you, poor child, if I had been in your place I might have been a worse woman, perhaps. If your sin has been great, your Judge knows your sufferings, and you are atoning for it with your, life now!' 'I— say it again.' As Hope repeats the- words, Mrs. Hilton whispers to the doctor, 'Should not this be ; stopped?' But he shakes his head. 'It; does not matter,' he says, just loud enough for all to hear, but with his face turned from : the bed, 'she is growing deaf. It is a last sympton; and she is burning to talk. Let her be gratified. It cannot matter; and when the next change comes there may be a few hours of life, but little more speech or hear- j ing for her.' As. a proof of his words, she j does not hear his iow but distinct utterances; and, as he ceases. Aunt Cass slips down upon her knees beside the bed, with her face close to that of the dying girl. 'Inez!' she says solemnly, 'listen to me, and try to understand. In some way you have done a wrong to all here — to these two young men, who have both been doubted, | suspected, because of the deed you havei done; to Miss Hilton, who might have been a blind, disfigured sufferer all her days, be cause of you, but for the sheriff here ? ' 'But for you, Miss Chetwynde,' breaks in the sheriff in a hushed voice. 'You have hated my niece, and tried to make her unhappy; you have played the ghost, and thereby made Mrs. Hilton's home j uncomfortable, and her servants afraid. You I have deceived and tricked me. But in spite of all this, there is not one of us here who does not forgive you willingly — fully— because we know that before you could sin against us you must have suffered deeply, and ; been deeply wronged. Can you not see, my child, that if we can forgive you your Father and , Judge, who is more forgiving and loving than j any mortal, will surely forgive when you ask to be forgiven? And in taking a life — a life' that belonged to Him— you have wronged Him more than all.' Slowly — slowly the hopeless shadow fades' out of the dark eyes, and a new look enters there. 'Oh,' she whispers, 'now — I — begin to un derstand!' and then, after a moment, 'What must I— do?' - 'Forgive others from your heart, and ask to be forgiven.' 'Not— Willard Beale?' 'Yes.' 'I can't — I never can. I will ? ' 'Listen!' the firm but gentle voice inter poses. 'You are not the only one whom that man has -wronged. Think of Miss Hilton, and how narrowly she has escaped a worse fate than yours. Think if she had married him, what a life hers must have been, what suffering; for, iny poor child, while a wronged woman is deeply to be pitied, a wife's suf ferings are most heart-breaking of all! And think, too, of my niece Hope. How he has deceived her, and how she has opened her home to him, shared her purse with him, made him a companion or intimate. How he has wronged her, and also her dear brother, in his far-off grave, outraging most sacred family ties. These wrongs are less than yours, it is true, but they are bitter wrongs notwithstanding, and ask them if they do not forgive this dead man!' Silence for a moment, then, 'May I — see —Miss— Hilton?' Slowly, but without an' instant's hesitation, Lorna moves forward, stands a moment at the bedside, and then drops upon one knee beside the spinster. 'Inez,' she says softly; 'I am a woman like you, full of faults, and needing to be for given for many things. As % hope to be for given, I forgive you! I forgive Felix — Will- ard Beale! I never meant to do you a wrong; ! and if I have caused you sorrow or heart ache, forgive me as I pray the blessed Lord to forgive us both.' And now the dark eyes close, and two tears come slowly from beneath the white lids. I 'Oh,' she says, with a long quivering sigh; 'you have forgiven me before I asked! And I meant to ask, I did. I did! Oh, I didn't know folks were so good! No one has been so good to me ever before— if they only had!' She is silent so long that the doctor lifts his finger and signals, and one by room they file from the room, all but tfie doctor and Aunt Cassandra. Half an hour later the spinster enters the drawing-room, where all have remained, awaiting a final word from the room in which the sheriff has now no interest, nor place; yet where the prisoner is a prisoner still, but with death standing guard. 'The change has come,' she says sadly, but yet with a look of relief. 'But she is re pentant— reconciled; 'and she does not suffer in the least. It was a sudden jinking of the vital forces, a ?weakness; the result, in an unusual form, the doctor says, of concussion. Her speech, hearing, life itself, will fail Aer altogether. She is as weak as an infant and helpless, like one; and she may live like this two 'weeks perhaps.' She looks across at Mrs. Hilton. The look is a question, . 'She shall have such care and comfort as we can give her?'. the lady says, as if. in re ply, 'After all, 'in at strange and terrible way, she has been a benefactor to most of us.' . ' ' - ' '?.'?'.'? ? ? ? * ; ?'?.'. When the next issue of the 'Weekly Lee Gazette' appeared the following interesting bit of news was chronicled on its foremost page, headed: „' 'MUEDER; WIL3L OUT. 'On Tuesday ;last Sheriff Cook returned; from a two weeks' absence upon business of an important and very private nature. 'Sheriff Cook has been working in private upon the Chetwynde ease, or the 'Tragedy. o£ the Heights.' as our esteemed contemporary has called it; and he went abroad in search of evidence, which, being found, entirely. re- moves from Mr. Loyd Hilton's, shoulders any faintest suspicion of guilt, 'it seems that learning that a strange 'young man had been seen in the neighborhood at about the time of-^e shooting, the sheriff, who, from the first flouted the idea of Hilton's guilt, quietly traced him; and his search ended at the deathbed of the real slayer of Felix Chet wynde. 'A full and complete- confession entirely exonerates Mr. Hilton, and we, with his many friends,- unite in offering sincere con gratulations. 'There was, it appears, an old feud between this man and Chetwynde, ail the facts being known to the parties most concerned. It has been decided— death having cancelled the debt to justice — to let the details remain un published, as its exploitation could only whet a morbid appetite and benefit none. We have the above direct from the sheriff, and it may be regarded as official and final.' In the same issue, on another page, there appears this item: 'We learn from Dr. Jarvis that a young lady who is a visitor at Redlands is in a cri tical condition owing to a fall from a bicycle while in rapid motion. The injury has affec ted the brain, and there is but little hope of her recovery.' 'The best way to keep a secret,' Aunt Casa has said, 'is to tell it,' and it proves, true. Poor Vie Hareh, instead of being an object of doubt or suspicion becomes a subject for commiseration, and for calls, curious or kindly; and when, some ten days after her last ghostly ride, she breathes her last, pain lessly, and when her fast glazing: eyes fasten ed upon the face of Aunt Cass.it is as a friend and guest that she is borne to the city, where she is laid to rest in the beautiful home of thes dead, not as the friendless sinner, but as an erring soul, whose one hope is in the All Merciful. 'When the last day comes,' says Aunt Cass, as they look the last upon the stilled face, I would rather be poor Inez than the man we have known as Felix Chetwynde!' Who does not say Amen? Hope and Loyd, Lorna and Terry, are too happy to long remain under the cloud cast over them by the sins and sorrows of others, j There is much to explain and to confess. But the one confession most necessary to happiness of each has been made in many wordless ways long before tnat half-hour in j the parlor at Redlands, when, coming from ! that scene of confession and approaching death, they came together without need for words, and felt that life for them was at ? high tide at last. As for the sheriff, he wooes in the good old fashioned way, deliberately, but successfully at last. Lorna and Hope are married in the early autumn, and one day Aunt Cass finds Hope, the young matron, in her fine new city heme, hanging over the entrance door the sil vered horseshoe that has been her mother's 'luekv guard' for all the years she can re- j call. j 'I wouldn't take that for my household lucky bit, Hope,' she says. 'It ought to be a ! tiny, gilded bicycle. Have not all the things that have really happened, begun, or ended— for you, Loyd, Lorna, Terry, myself, all of us —with the bicvele?' 'Begun?' 'Yes. Whether you place the beginning at the Manhattan Cycle ni&et;, when that : poor, unhappy girl fell from her high wheel, or whether you you go further back to the day when she set the wheels of Fate in mo tion by running away from home to be a bi cycle rider.' i 'Ah!' sighs Hope, 'she stopped Fate's wheels then, at least for herself, when she took her last ride from the boat house to Higgins's tennis net. Poor misguided, mis led Inez!' 'Say, rather, that from the very beginning she was under Pate's wheels. Have 'you evei reflected, child, on the caprices of this so called blind goddess? Some of us, a few on ly, she carries triumphantly on in her char iot, high above the ud and slime, secure from, the pitfalls, and only touched now and then, in passing, by a flying bit from the roadway, or shaken by a. jolt here and there, while others— like poor Inez — begin their journey and end it under Fate's wheel. 'Poor Inez!' murmurs the happy wife, 'Heaven pity and forgive all such!' (The End.) 