SOHRENT TOPICS. Russia means to have Peltln, at least as a railway station, and. observant travellers who hove mqgt recently visited that city declare that It vvould be no harm and small wrong to China to permit Russia that possession. For. strange qs. the assertion may seem, Peltln is not, ana. never was; a uninese cny. xengms Khan' captured the site, and IChubla Khan built and governed the sacred and Imperial city, which now is. All its plan and arrange ments are opposed to the Chinese Ideas. It Is spaclpus, open, grand In all Its lines, and pro portions! as Petersburg or Paris, a northern conqueror's city, which could never, have been conceived of by the little people lolling so in-, du'strtously .behind their wall, and living so contentedly on. In tholr cabinet-like houses. It Is properly a Tartar city, the capital of a Tar tar country, and comes naturally therefore within the "sphere of influence" of the race a\ hleh overruns and absorbs the Tartars, and establishes a new order throughout the realm which once was tlielrs; but in ' which now the>; are little ; more' than are the gipsies In Europe., . , ' T|to Continental press Is of opinion that the so-called conspiracy In the Transvaal Is a storm' ln a teapot. ' Wlien tho lid Is taken off it will probably .be,' .'discovered that the dreadful conspiracy is- merely u harmless de- ccctlon. If Intended as a blow at the cause of. .the. uitlahders,- it has, failed in Us object. The worthlessness of tho.oonsplrators shows that the Intent of th.e conspiracy was either to bolster up the, Boer cause, or was merely an organisation of adventurous spirits not Identified with the vested Interests of Johan- r(iislj.urg.; As' such It hps been summed up, not, only liy English public opinion, but also by .the common-sense - press of the Conti nent. ' , Mr'. Chamberlain deslreB that thp North 'Queenslanders shall not mistake his attltud : towards their appeal. He hopes that the Governor will make It plain to the petitioners that he has gone carefully Into the matter, and Is not prepared to take action In the direction they desire. It would be unreason able to suppose that he would Just now, for Mr. Chamberlain, like all other men who take the large view of Australian matters, look? tc> Federation to remove most of the dlsablll- ties of which the North Queenslanders com- plain. But . supposing Federation to fall through, how then? North Queenslanders would very quickly be Joined by other peti tioners, anxious for district rights, and an equitable shave In the handling of their own money, and the management of their own affairs. Mr. Chamberlain might find It ne cessary to look a little. deeper, and think a little longer, if with the Ndfth Queenslanders New Englanders and Rlvcrlncrs should ap pear In his, court; a prospect' this which any men. still halting between Federation and Obstruction.- would do well to face. A novel strihe Is that of the postmen of Paris. The peculiarity of this attempt to better tho condition of a useful class of pub lic servants Is that It Is In the nature of a protest against the act-ion of the Senate; It lis, In fact, tho postmen's effort to force that legislative body to adopt a bill providing for increased pay to -the men of letters. The Chamber of Deputies bad passed the 13111, which the Senate rejected; and now the post men who were to be benefited by the measure hove adopted the expedient of leaving Paris without its letters. That state of affalrB can not last. The loss which tho delay of corre spondence must entail on business people must be Incalculable In a city of such di mensions. " ' Ishak IClian (brother of the Ameer Abdur Rahman), who Is now living In great style at Samarkand, as a first-class exile, recently solved one Important problem connected with the domestic servant trouble, in a style which was decidedly efficacious, though not exactly exemplary. From Information received, Ishak colieluded that his cook was trying to poison him, and so, by wuy of fitting the punishment to tho crime/the Khan went Into Ills kitchen and hanged htm without the cllghtest reference to either judge or jury. As no court work followed this summary set tlement of a bad cook's account, It must be Inferred thut Samarkand Is In a very ad vanced Btage of civilisation, but we hardly think tjhat it would be desirable to put the Khan's plan of Home Rule Into action here. To treat all bad cooks as they deserve would unduly thin out the population, and, besides, It takes an abnormally strong-minded master of a household to summon enough courage to oven give an Incompetent cook a week's notice. Bbd dinners are the rule here, but some masters and mistresses feel grateful it thoy get any dinner at all. The liquidator's call for lenders for the Mlowera, Warrimoo, and Aorangt Is a re grettable evidence that tho enterprlBO which linked Australia with Canada was in advance ;of Its time.; Much was, hoped from the line at .the outset, and prophecies of a successful future" were not lacking, but the time appa rently was nut ripe for that development of trade which Is absolutely essential to tho financial- success of such an undertaking. The cubld announces that the three fine ves sels are to be sold, In conjunction with their unexpired contracts. It Is, therefore, to bo hoped that the vessels will not be lost to the trade rem to, which we may anticipate will form a subject for the consideration of the Federal authorities when the broader legis lative structure has been e.rected In Austra lia. Every Intelligent observer of events will agree with Lord Beaueliamp that the present crisis in the English Church Is calming down. The feeling which culminated In the Albert Hall and Cannon-street has apparently sub sided, and left room for calmer consideration of the great problem, of the time, which presses harder every day for settlement. That problem was stated at the Church Union meeting In Cannon-street to be the establish ment wlthlil the Church of a Court 'to decide questions of doctrine und discipline, which shall possess the confidence of churchmen who are dissatisfied with the erroneous and contradictory judgments of the lay courts to which lies the ultimate appeal. As, ac cording to Lord Halifax, the Archbishops have a measure in hand with that object, the . calming of Uio late excitement Is a greut thing. . Mr. Carruthors goes west, with a very vivid Idea of the lamentable conditions he will en counter, and, we could well wish, some prac ticable notions for their amelioration. It Is ull horror once the lino of the coastal rain Is passed; winter coming down, keen nnd hard, and the wide plains bare as ocean beaches of any feed for starving stock. There Is a doleful consolation In the tact that no great number of stock remain. The millions have perished over vast areas of country, and the few thousands of the stud lier'ds will doubtless be kept alive by hand- feeding. Coastal supplies nnd the produce of the few farms about the artesian bores will sudlce for that; but what of relief on the. large scale; wnat of hope in the large way? With the marvellous possibilities of the artesian water now disclosed, can noth ing be done to protect the stock ugalnst ano ther drought? And what of the prospect of any relief from above In the present? Might it not' be suggested to church dignitaries to lead once again tho pa'rable spoken to the end that men ought always to pray, and not to faint? September Is a good month for tho Sirdar: and September he has selected for the final "wiping out" of the Khalifa. In September he fought the Doitgola campaign; and In Sep tember Jie struck the tremendous blow or Omdurman. That In September his exact method will repeat Its success need not be doubted. To this enterprise a dramatic In terest attaches, .Inasmuch as its objective la the scene of the destruction of Hicks Pasha's army, which had marched out of Khartoum a few weeks" before 10,000 strong. That the enterprise Is one of pith and moment, is evi dent from the fact that the "Glpples" arc again to be stiffened with British troops. Tho Khalifa has set up his flag, and planted li'.s stronghold tVhere Hunter aud Macdonald and Gntacro and the other brave companions of the Sirdar will give a good account of him. If ho has. read .the Omdurman lesson aright, he will give more trouble with his smaller force In the desert than h did by -the banks of the Nile with his 50,000 men. But the re sult cannot be doubtful, Mr. Chamberlain has penned a despatch to the Transvaal, which will admit of no shuf fling. It handles the question of the fran chise, the dynamite monopoly, and oilier matters with a decisiveness that will cause some consternation In the Boer camp. The unsuccessful attempt of Dr. Leyds to enlist <he support of Franco shows that the Boer Government, 'having lost the ;German sym pathy upon which It reckoned, Is cast|ng about lor an ally. This effort to Involve Great Britain with the bigger Powers will only react on those who control the desti nies of the Transvaal, and will certainly not tend to conciliate Mr. Chamberlain, or the BrltlBh subjectsfln the Republic. Merciful death released the lost Loch Sloy victim from, his sufferings. "What sufferings we require no ghost to. tell us. Saved from the hungry sea to die of starvation! In his enfeebled, diseased state poor Kllpatrlck could not have suffered long, in the ordinary meaning of the term. But any time Is eternity to a man In agony. The extremity of this poor soul's agony was one of the most terrible In the ghastly history.of human suf fering. The worst began when the two strong comrades who had taken him from the Jaws of t.ie sea left him to seek shelter arid help, without which all three would have' died. Let us t.vrow a sympath'eyc veil over the solitary wanderings, and the troubled heart, crowded with memories, of love and tenderness, gone for ever— and the bitter last agony. Better to hope that this poor stricken man has not died In vain. His fate and that of his companions in misfortune (more swiftly dealt with by fate) who repose be side him . have awakened the authorities to the need of making an exceptionally danger ous coast less dangerous to ocean travellers. Mr. Roe, P.M. of Perth, seems, like some other magistrates we have known, to dis tort rather than magnify Ills office. He was called (in yesterday to adjudicate In the first case brought under the -Early Closing Act. An employer had not permitted an employee the weekly half-holiday the law stipulates for, and came under police prose cution accordingly. There did not, seem to bo any doubt about the ease; Mr. Roe, In deed, concerned himself with the law, and the makers of the law, rather than the caap. It was an Iniquitous law, lie said, Inter fering with the liberty of the subject In an outrageous manner; and disliking It as ho (ltd he would minimise its penalties as far -as possible, lining the defendant one shilling only. It Bounds big, this talk about ln'er- ferlng with the liberty of the subject: but Ou those who Indulge It ever think of the Interferences which were endured In days be fore such Acts were passed? Interferences with all liberties, with plainest human rights, trespasses on the absolutely necessary rest, and recreation of workers, who had no power to revolt, and found no voices, magisterial or otherwise, to protest on their behalf. Half a leaf is not always bettor than no bread at all. At least tho New Zealand National Council of Women seems to be of that opinion. For a considerable time women have been allowed to vote In the "Land of the Maori and Moa," but, like the hard- drinking farmer with the mild sherry, they "don't seem to get any forrader." Men still have all the bebt of the deal In the game of politics, and the mere right to vote would appear to be of no more use to women than a corn-plaster would be to .a mermaid. Ac cordingly the Council of Women has decided that in order to hurry up the millennium It Is necessary to return women to Parllument, and allow them to frame laws after their own fashion. To achieve this glorious end, there fore, an offer has been made by the council to the colony to supply capable women legis lators at £40 a head per annum, und find themselves. That was a decided mistake, for It affords proof that the council favours "scab wages" — tho pay for male Senators being £240 a year— consequently tho com bined efforts of the trades unionists and the professional politicians will go towards push ing women farther to the rear than ever. "Sir. Dooley," of America, wns probably cor rect when he said, "Politics is a man's game. Let the wlmmln", an" childer, an' prohlbi- shtnistB keep out lv It." Since the Salvation Army was described as "the Franciscans of our time" no greater compliment has been paid to that extraordi nary organisation than was paid yesterday by the representatives of two British colo nies at the Holborn Restaurant. The ad dresses of Sir Horace Tozcr and Sir Philip Fysh are the - testimony of eye-witnesses In responsible positions to the quality of the work done by the Army in the colonies, and to the Identity of the colonial methods, alms, and spirit with those of the parent organisa tion. Thoy remind us of the boast of Gene ral Booth that 25 Governments have already utilised their Ideas nnd their forces. And this is Indirectly the severest condemnation of those who reject the Army's labour colo nies, which are the strongest ' point of its system. - Not many people arc sanguine enough to anticipate much good from the Czar's Peace- Conference, which assembled yesterday. Had the convener shown earnest of his desire for a cessation of armaments things might have- been different. His Imperial Majesty, how ever, Instead of. In some small degree, put ting his admirable precepts into practice, has continued to keep the sword more In cvldence- tlian the ploughshare. The ramifications of Russian diplomacy are so cntacomb-llke In their course that astute statesmen like Mr. Goschcn may well be pardoned for a tinge of scepticism when discussing the prospects of a universal disarmament In connection with tho movement promoted " by, the Czar. To disarm the suspicion which the other dele gates entertain of Russia's bona fides should be the first task of the Russian representa tives at the Conference. That done, some good might be accomplished. The Mosman's Bay man who la discontent with the tram speaks for the multitude. Tlie accommodatlcn is Insufficient, the courtesy of the servants is strangely meagre. The last things, Indeed, which seem to trouble the administrative mlpd are tho safety, comfort, and conve nience of the passengers. Do the Railway Commissioners, or those to whom they dele gate their authority, ever give a thought to these small matters? It would be absurd te brodden the question, and ask, do they ever look a year or a season ahead, arid preparc aceordlngly? Unto them sufilclent for the day is the evil thereof, and to the passen ger they would say, . "sufficient unto the i-ond Is the service provided. So long as you do rlde somjhow, confound y.Q,ut /jvhat have, yqu got to complain about?"! ' The 'Lesi' way of 'stop ping all that complaining would be to lay up the trams for a month, and let the old 'buses do the work. Much easier than trying to please a lot of querulous people, who foollshly Imaglne that a Government tramway can be managed like any private concern. Considering the vast sums expended or. public Instruction It Is not satisfactory to learn that very few pupils on leaving school can either write a good' letter or read aloud In a correct and . pleasing manner Letter- writing Is a matter of vital importancefor any young person desirous of getting along l» the world; nnd given a fair amount of brains, a pupil should have no very great trouble i» acquiring the art. Reading aloud can be o'. profit, and pleasure . also,' rind should b» taught, as a professor elocution recently re marked, not by specialists, but by all school teachers, who should first be well grounded In at least the fundamental exercise, rules, and principles, so as to bo able to Impait proper Instruction to those placed under their care. The barbarous practice of makln-: whole classes read aloud together, thereby destroying Individuality In a child, and lead ing to a monotonous drawl, should be abolish ed where ever It Is now In use, and then ou: schools will free themselves from Profes.-.: MacCallum's charge of being "the c-mriiptei: of good reading aud good speaking." Finger-posts are to be erected at varioiio points on the const of South Australia, glvlKr directions to wrecked mariners. 