FilOM DAY T0 DAY. (BY VOX.) That £900 Awaiti. .- . ' Once more the Government has full ; succeeded in making a gigantic ass t itself over the publication of a portid ; of that £900 robbery report That i ó should blunder every time it opens it month does not surprise me-that w look for and expect. That it should nc , have the savvy to even hold its tongi) ^ consistently only goes to show that ther ^?are greater depths of imbecility in tb «. ^Cabinet than have ever yet bee ^..fathomed. A more idiotic proceedin fe than to publish a report with the on .-salient paragraph omitted it is impossibl ; .to conceive, fi there is nothing hara ful to conceal why conceal it? Andi ?T there is why not continue to suppres ;the whole report? The partial pul 6 lication of that document does nc i_ relieve the administration of the stigm ?.,vof public suspicion, nor does it satisf ".. the legitimate curiosity of the peopl ^?^nerally. Had this act of folly nd 7 been committed the afiâir. would haV ; to a great extent blown over . now th : «pur of enquiry is again thrust into th r "*iank of the body politic. And in ari * case Parliament _is sure to demand th ; . whole correspondence, so that temporar ' concealment will be altogether in vail : Altogether the incident shows that eve: ., in the attempt to save one of their owi ^kith and kin from the consequences á his misdoing the Cabinet have neithe : the wisdom of the serpent or the harm lessness of the dove. In short they hav -demonstrated that they haven't sens .«lough to keep out of the wet. The Incortsequerít Csible Liar. / j Sydney "Truth " in its last issue has i clever skit on the interesting matte ; shovelled out to Australia by the Londoi Cable liar and ladled out to the Aus tralian by his daily papers. With i ' little adaptation, which I have takei the liberty of bestowing on it, Norton's ' remarks suit this end of the continen as well as^ his own. Thus Nortel (localised) :-" Much satisfaction anc ! other expletives was felt and express ec .. by |the wharf laborers of Fremantle anc ) the miners and. rouseabonts of "the back blocks upon the receipt of the cable : message notifyingvthat 'the town oi Nangkin-fu, on the Yu-Kiang in th( province of Kwarig-srhas been déclarée a treaty port, thus completely opening up the West River to trade, in accord . ance with the demands of Sir Claude ^'McDonald, the British Minister.' It is ''? items of this description that cause mer } tb marvel at the amount of interesting information that comes through by cable, and is diffused among the people for the small sum'of a penny a diffuse. The opening of Nangkin-fu on the Yu-Kiang in the province of Kwang-si as a treaty port affords Western Australia another market for the manufactures that she doesn't manufacture, and the produce .she doesn't produce, and opens up a fresh field, for Australian missioners, . female and male, to get comfortably outraged, and murdered in at 30,000 dollars per head. Also the British fat man wül be able to swoop down like the wolf on the fold and confiscate every- thing^ confiscateable in the territory surrounding this town on the something mentioned in the province above stated ; ? and if the heathen or Christians or who- ever or whatever they may be, inhabi- tants of the place " alluded to should practically resent the curious com- mercial conjuring of the fat British capitalist, a regiment of soldiers will be despatched to the locality. This kindly Christian act will, of course, be merely to permeate the populace with powder and shot by way of protecting British interests, and proving the power of Sir Edward Gray's policy that ' The" Open Door is the best security for peace.' ' God Save the Queen,' which her name is Wettin." The Curse of Leprosy. A correspondent sends a terribly gruesome tale from St. Petersburg. One of the rich families of that city was celebrating the birthday of one of the daughters, the festivities winding up with a ball in the evening, and among the invited .was a young girl, the Baroness M-. As the dancing was commencing a young doctor-went up to the baroness and asked her for the first waltz. The baroness acceded, but when the doctor came up to claim the dance she was not a little surprised when he said quietly to her, " I do not waltz ; I simply asked for the waltz so as to be able to speak to you for a few minutes ! alone.- Have you any other spots on 1 your body like those I see on your neck?"' continued the doctor. The girl was naturally confused at such a question and at such a time, but seeing her com- panion was in earnest answered in the affirmative. " Then I advise you to go home immediately," said the medico in a grave tone. Accompanied by the doctor, the young baroness crossed the room to her father, and in a nervous voice and blushing painfully she told liíTTi what her partner had said. The Baron M , greatly disturbed at the importunity of the doctor, accordingly left the ballroom with his daughter. .The next day the doctor, .accompanied by three of his colleagues, went tb see Baron M-.- "Will you have the goodness to call your daughter that I may further examine the spots on her skin T he inquired. *' In order not to be- deceived in my diagnosis I have brought three others of my profession." The baron was struck with alarm. "For the love of God," cried he, " what is the matter with my daughter?" "Your .daughter "has leprosy," was all the 'answer. One can imagine the agony of the poor father. The young girl was immediately examined, and the others recognised the presence of the horrible disease. It appears the unfortunate young baroness contracted the frightful malady last summer at the seashore at Riga Thc Closing: Year. The year 1899 promises to eminently distinguish itself as the fitting " fin de seicle " of a cataclysmic century. It seems as if the whole preconceived ideas of the purpose and pursuits of civiliza- tion, like the dove from "the A"rk, "nave not where to rest their weary feet, amid the flood of staggering and kaleidoscopic changes. Political systems have found hirth, grave, and re- incarnation in turn, during this astounding century. Science has politely, but oh ! so emphatically, handed aside the myriad pet theories-of darker years, and has taken them out into the back paddock, and exploded them with a loud bang. Religion has had to sustain more persistent and* ter- rific shocks during the time than ever has fallen to its lot since the divine tragedy on Calvary ; politics have be- come the plaything of the moo, where' erst they were the deadly instrument of oppression in the hands of tyrrany ; education has become so vilely cheap that it may be seen any day lying dead drunk perishing miserably and aban- doned in many gutters ; war has become a simple question of most men and am- munition, the element of personal hero- ism, or common courage, having practi- cally no market value, and unquotable on change ; suicide has been reduced to a science, and murder to a healthful profession ; space is practically annihil- ated by electricity and steam ; and altogether life, in its myriad-faced aspects, is just about as important a concern, in the big scale of events, as. the quivering heart of a rabbit, under the scalpel of the vivesector. And, as though everything were working up with a sweeping crescendo to an appal- ling finale, all the cheerful items in question-murder, rapine, war, and general chaos in the lead, have started in a general wholesale line of business, and by the time the Waterbury watch proclaims the fateful moment of 1900's birth, it is confidently anticipated that one prodigious and ponoramic parting will be said all round, and that earth will give up the ghost and its place in space for a few hundred millions of years. De Rougemont ll. Portsmouth is for the time being, lionising a gentleman named Frank Whitford, who claims to be King of Pakea, New Hebrides. Whitford's story is that he was born at Woolwich in 1862, being the son of a retired naval lieutenant, and was educated at Smyth's school at Portsmouth, and became 'an officer in the Mercantile Marine. When 19 he left Portsmouth in a ship bound for Australia, and there joined a vessel trading with the natives of the Solomon Islands and the New Hebrides. Later he became a trader on his own account, and in time he. became the possessor of the schooner ^Telegraph, in which he made several more or less successful trading trips, and became so much liked by the natives of Pakea that he was invited to become their chief, to rule them, and to protect them from the ad- vances bf the inhabitants of some of the neighbouring islands, who still retain the cannibalistic propensities which the inhabitants of Pákeá had thrown aside. WTntfbrd^consentedj and aftar a brief visit to the old country, eight or nine years since, he set himself up as king of Pakea, and became the beloved sovereign of his people. On one of his journeys to Sydney the king of Pakea found a charming bride, .the daughter of a Devonshire man, with a touch of Kanaka blood in her veins. She has blessed her husband-with boy and girl twins, who will, if the fates are kind, succeed to his little kingdom. Where's the Boodle Gone? The Albany "Advertiser" says: " Between July 1,1896, and December, 1898, the Government spent upon local works £5,102,352, and it would be in- teresting to know where the money has all gone. Five million pounds is a big sum of money, but the colony seems to be little better for its expenditure. What has become of it all ? Some has gone -into Fremantle Harbor Works, which will not pay interest for many years to come-and more of it was put into the sea at Bunbury, and into rail- ways that cannot in the present con- dition of the colony pay working ex- penses. Five millions should have done great things, but we do not suppose that any of the works to which that money was devoted is returning any of the interest whatever. The balance of the seven and a half millions authorised to be raised in 189G is required for the goldfields water scheme, and it would be interesting to know what would hap pen if, when the colony goes next time to London to raise money, the loan should again bea-fallare? If the next loan were to'fail, the feontractors for the goldfields water scheme could not be paid and the colony would be in a peri- lous position. There are no -people in this colony or out of it who, thoroughly 'believe in this scheme, audi yet it is allowed to go on, and "the colony could not escape from it now except at an enormous loss. Should the money be got for the scheme and should it prove a failure-as it may very easily do what will then be the condition of the colony 1 The colony has'not passed the worst'by ä loüg way. and everybody sees it and is afraid. There cannot for years to come be the confidence in the colony as a country fdr investment there ought to be; and "ùntil that confidence is restored our finances mast be in a perilous position. In the meantime the peeple of -every district are suffering from the depression of trade, and are apprehensive of the impending crash. The only salvation there is in view for the colony lies in federation, for under tile new system of government West Australia will have the friendship and support of all the other members of the family just when she most needs them. An Illegal Act. H. R. Hill writing to the " Kal- goorlie Miner," speaks of the recent Goldfields Act Amendment Act, as an " illegal Act." No Act of Parliament is " illegal." Parliament could, if it chose, decapitate H. R.'Hill, and the act would be perfectly legal. The only way out of an Act of Parliament is to oust the Parliament that passed it and elect a fresh one to repeal it. And alluvial men at-Bulong and everywhere else should remember that the Act they complain of was:passed on the votes of their own goldfields members :-Mor- gans, Moran, Gregory, "et hoc genus1 omne." Only one G.F. man opposed it. j 