In A Tight Fix. Bi Victor L. W hitechobch, In Strand Magazine. We were itrol!i» through th-; Pari? Salon. Tired of passing through end less galleries ::nd eaz'ng at the pictures, I we bad daticended into the great central hall devoted to statuary, where it is narir.inmbie to smoke, and had lit our cigarettes. My coup-ninn was only a passing acquaints. C-, » f-iow-coiii.trr- man I had met at l he table d'hote, a. id who, like myself, was visaing a few weeks in the Frenc'< m-tropoUs- He was a slight, dehcau -looking yunua man of about five aml-t oeiiy, ,i well-read and charming c -mp ini-u-. As sb en tered the hall,- with i's loug rows of statues, I iic-tic-d that he turned a lifl- pale, but pot- itd->«h to the hct of the day. Presently stopped t » rdu.irn a gracefollf-mo ielled figure by on- < f the most eminent exhibitors. . . . ' A very fine pifce of sculpture,' said uiy friend. 'Scarcely that,' I replied. ' It's made ont of au appropriate materia! — plaster of Paris.' 1 Plaster of Parie !' he replied, with a nervous start ; ' how terrible !' ' Why, what's the matter 1' I asked, with a laugh. ' Ah !' he replied, I dares.-iy my ex clamation seemed strani to yon. But plaster oE Paris has an awful meaning to my ears, as yon would agree if ynu heard of an adventure f rum the effects of which I am ouly just recovering.' 1 Have you any objection to tftling me? ' Not the elightesi. Come and sit down over yonder, and I'il explain my self ; then you'll sec why 1 bate the name of plaster of Paris.' So we sat down and he began his etory, which I repeat in his own Worri es far as possible. Jasper Keen and myself aero chums during the year we were together ut Oxford, and our friendship continued after be had gone dnnn ihrougb the two years I remained. He whb ray senior —three or four years older than myself ; and, is generally the cise in strong friendships, my opposite in many re spects. I was a reading tnau - Keen was more noted fur the strength of his arm on the river, un-1 as a desperate 'forward' in the football field. Sly temper was alwava <>t.e of the mildest ; Keen would give vent, to paroxysms of anger, aud weeks of s oothered, revenge ful passion. He was a tall, magni ficently-built fellow, and the man often called as the ' long and short of it,' so great was the contrast between us. I da not ssy that there was nothing intellectual about Jasper Keen. On the contrary, he was a genius ; only, like most of his species, he worked by fits and starts. When he did work, how ever, it w as to some purpose, as -the examiners knew. And with all great strength and passion for sport be bad a very marked artistic temperament, which showed itself in bis love of scnlp- tnre and modellings. His rooms were a cariosity. Very few books — he always sold them the instant he had finished readiog them — prize oars and pots ' in profas'on, and a collection of clay basts, modelled by himself. There was a row of college Dons on his mantleshelf, clever caricatoree, his intimate friends —and his enemies. If he liked a man, he made an excellent little fanst of him j on the contrary, one who incurred bis hatred was modelled in some eccentric or repulsive manner, bnt still with strict regard to a correct likeness so that it was impossible to mistake the man. When Jasper Keen left the/Varsity fas set np a studio in London. He was a man of fairly large private means, and did not cue about earning money. He devoted himself still to sport duriog the intervals wbeu he was not exercising his hobby, and lived a generally easy and comfortable life. Jo due time I also went to live in town, and plunged into the vortex of literary work, to which I had deter mined to devote my life. I constantly saw Keen, and our friendship was as great as ever, until Yes, ' nntil ' — you guess what I mean. There was a woman in it,as there always iB,and she stepped in between us. Jasper Keen loved ber madly, jealonely. Over and over again he was repulsed, for Ivey Stirling never cared for him. He frightened her with the intensity of his devotion. One day he siid to her 'The truth is, you care -Cor another 'And what if I dof said Ivey, boldly.. v 'What if yon do i Why, 'this. IM find the man, even if be were nsjr best friend, Fd kill him rattier thao lie should win you 1' He was Keen's greatest friend. - The fffa» who was accepted by Ivey Stirling was myself, and, in spite hf ail, I trost she will be my wife before the year is out. I may -well -say, .'In-epife of'alL When K«en heardjof tti he was tmrions. I told him myselt l thought it-liest: the lips hfrriend, the bobtointoy%30MendT ship would lint be 3sBheyfld.. .Di X went round news He like ground. ;... ! The fragments of c'ay went rattling over the studio. ' Leonard Fendron,' be yelled, 'as 1 -have broken your' bust, so wi'l i 'break you. You falser traitomor hr.uod, you think you have stolen fr»m «w the one object I have to live for. " But not yet — do yon hurl I ctold crash yon as yon stand — I could break eviry bone in yonr body with this bind of roiu-. But that would be too poor a revenge. 1 will wait — I will make you suffer socb agony hb yon have given mr. Go, I say, go, and may the worst of ail corses light upon you — the curse of a friend you have wronged.' It was useless to explain, so I went. Ivey was much disturbed when I told her abont this interview ; but to tell the truth, I thought little of it my self. I had seen Keen in a paroxysm of rage . before, and I hoped that in time he woold see thiogs sensibly for the sake of oar old friendship. For a year I never saw the man. His .studio was sho t op, an-1 report fi t id that he had gooe abroad. Tbrn I sud denly met him face to face in Fleet S'reet. I was going to pass him by »t first, but be stopped me and skunk hands. ' How d'ye do, Fendron !' be said. ' Last time I saw ynu I was in a bit of n temper. Bat that's all over now, aod I cau afford to let the past be bariod in the past— if you can too.' ' Certainly,' I replied ; ' I'm only too delighted to hear our friendship still exists 1' ' That's right,' he said. And now come and have some lunch with me. There's a restaurant handy Whera we can talk.' So I went with him. He was most friendly and chatty. He told me be had been abroad, but tbat the last five mouths be had spent in England. ' I've beED living like a hermit,' he said. ' Tbe fact is, I'm eogagedon a mas ter-piece of work. It will bear favour ably with anything I've ever done. Oh, it's a grand thing, I can tell yon. I fitted np a studio in the country some months ago, and I've hardly stirred out of it siuce — simply worked and eeen no one. But I've h»d an end in view, as yun shall see fur yuurseif. Now, I want you to pay me a visit, and yon shall be the first i» tee my masterpiece. Will ynu come ? . " Ceiiainly,' I said ; ' what day will suit yun 1' 'Lit me see — it's the 9th to-day. I want a clear fortnight on tbe work be fore finish. Can yon come on Friday, tbe 24tb, and stay till Monday I I can easily pat yon up.' ' With pleasure. Tbat will suit me capitally. Only, you haven't told me where to come to yet. I hardly think you'd find it if I did,' he answered, thoogbtfolly ; ' it's a bit awkward to get at for a stranger, So suppose yon meet me at Euston at half-past eigbt on that Friday evening, and I'll take yon down. It's ra'her late, but yon shall have a good nipper as soon as you get there, Ipromise yon. ' To this arrangement 1 accordingly agreed, and on the 3fi.li 1 met Keen at Euston. Tr-liing me that be had par- chased my ticket, be took me to a local train. We got nut «t Suubury, the station near Wembley P»rk. There's some little distance to walk,' he said, ' so we'd better stop it ont briskly.' It most have been a -tramp of over two miles'- fck at finally brought as to a large honse, standing quite alone a little way off the road, somewhere in tbe direction of Edgware. Although not many miles from London, the country about here is very lonely, and there was not a house near. It was about ten o'clock and quite dark when Keen opened tbe door with a latch-key. 'Welcome!' he cried. '.You must be tired and hungry. .We'll have sup per at once, it's all ready. ' And without farther ado he led tbe way into a good-sized room, lit ' by a lamp, and revealed a table . epriad with cold viands. There was a change iu bis tone of voice tbat made me feel rather uneasy as he went on : — ' We're all to ourselves, Fendron. I've let the servants ont for the even ing. But everything's ready for us, so sit down and begin. We mast be our . own butlers.' It was an excitable meal The whole' of tbe time Keen talked and ' laughed and joked. He ran on abont old times and oar college days : he laughed- long and boisterously — once I expostulated withhimforbis noise. \- ' What doss it matter.? he, ghosted. 'There's noVa eonl .-near. That's the heautyoT the country. Yon 'might yell - yourself imarse in fhis shanty df mine, and 1nodiA:wonid heir yon. ' . ? \- . He even touched on ay engagement. Leaning 1 across the table/ he insieted upon grasping toy hand;"-: 'J: . '>.'5.. '., !" ' Fve ney.ngretited yqaelVi old - nlinir wnn ' > T isst " tliflA i.tiMI - sara - on this subject-i was In -Bat' — hal hal hal — sihappyis you de eprve to-beY ' In one corner of the room was a large bath, covered with a white powder? while a, small shovel and a couple of pub of water stood by it Iu tbe centre nf the room was a very " large, hullo w wooden pedestal, shaped like a cylinder, end quite as high as my shoulder", such as is used sometimes for standing, heavy bnsts upon. The top, however, had bum removedfrom thiscylinder,»nd there was nothing on it. The room was evidently ouly. lighted by askyligbt, and a thick cartain hang over the door, and stret ched across what was apparently a recess at the farther end of tbe apart ment was enother curtain, hanging in black folds. Keen gave me a cigar and set me down in a chair. ''Well, what do yon think of my workshop ? he said. ' I've hardly had time to look round, yet,' I replied. ' What's that huge pedestal for.? " You'll see later on,' he said. Again tbat ominous .change in his voic. - ' ' And what's in that bath 1' 'Oh ! plaster of Pari',' he mswe-od, with a langb ; 'but now, watch ! I'm going to draw the enrtein !' ' First lighting a couple -more lamps, he drew the curtain a-ide with a sadden jerk. Tbe result was .electrical. There, standing on a small raised platform, life- life and most exquisitely modelltd, was a statue of Ivey Stirling, my betrothed. I sprang to my feet and uttered an exclamation of surprise. ' Yes,' shouted Keen, ' there stands the image of tbe woman yon love — and tbe woman I loved once. She whose image was so graven, upon my heart tbat I was able to mould this statue as ynu see it ; to mould it for you, Leonard Fendron, who have won the prize. Did I not tell you it was a masterpiece V ' Yon did. And eo it is,' I replied, an indescribable feeling of terror creep ing over me. My companion ruebed to tbe table and filled two ' glasses. One of them he thrnst into my band. ' A health !' he cried. ' Drain it to the dregs. A health to tbe fair Ivey, yonr betrothed ! Drink it, Fendron !' 'A health to the fair Ivey — my future wife, I said, mechauically, drink ing the liqnor end gazing at the statue. ' Yonr future wife !' echoed Keen, with a terrible voice. ' Never 1' I turned and gazed at him. He- was foamed with madness and rage. At the same moment my head grew dizzy, and the room semed twirling round. I made' a wild rush for the door, bat fell in a dead faint before I could reach it. When I came to my senses -again there was an awful feeling of cramp all. over me. My whole body with my legs and arms seemed to be held in a vice tbat was pressing upon me at every point. I opened my eyes. Tbe first thing thai met my gaze was the statne of Ivey place opposite me. , . I was in an upright position, but I c tuld not move. I looked downwards, but not even then did I realise the horrible truth. I was up to my shoulders in the hollow pedestal. ' Hullo ! you've come to, have yon V said a mocking voice, and JasperKeen stood in f.ont of me, the grin of a lunatic on his face. ' For God's sake, what have you done? I asked. ' I'll very soon tell yon,' he replied, with a sneer ; ' Fve made a statue of you. Listen. You are op to yonr shoulders in plaster of Paris. Whilst yon were insensible from tbe effects of that dragged wine yon drank £ placed you in the pedestal, mixed the bathfnl of plaster and water, and poured it in with you. It took me some time to do, and it'e now four -o'clock in the morning. By this time it's thoroughly set, and you cannot move hand or foot.' The terrible Bituation was dawning npon my mid. My tormentor went on : ' D'd you think, Leonard, Fendron, that I had forgotten! Did yon expect to get a forgiveneBa from Jasper Keen! You should have known me better, and not have walked bo fooltBhly into the share that I set for you. I told you -I would have revenge. I have waited and schemed a long time, bot now the hour of my vengeauoe has come. Here, before tbe imago' of the woman yon love, you shall die, Leonard Fe.tdron —die a slow and an awful death - I shall - leave you here, fixed, immoyablu — a living statne: Don't think to es cape, for i have planned it well. My .servants were discharged two days ago ; I told them I was going to leave! the honse for some months. - . You . can, shriek -and howl as much as you'please, bnt no one will hear .yon. Fve - tested that 'carefully. In ebortj unless an angel frpm Heaven ComeB to set. you Frofl bars vmi'li-kav to de&th; in cramn and agony. -. "f- ; - Have mercy — r— ' I began, hot be «tupped me. - , . /J. i Mercy ! ..Ae.BO.PU expect to "find .it sit: iSitMiV baDI ""Here, l pht tiii8 i £abte, '.the . liquor ..On .It close! to jou. ?' Ir -Arill be more tantaHz-- ing. - And now I most' be -«tT- I've yltohy;ap»>wedL::po-! jd' dawn. She crorup iu my body and limbs was awful, my throat was parch- d, and my brain seemed on fire. 1 yelled and screamed at tbe top of my viice, listening in anguish for an answering call, but answers came there hone. Tbe villain bad picpared his pbt too well I\ .In my maduess I trimt m . lurch forward and boil myself to the floor. .In vain 1 The pedestal was fixed ! And there, a few feefc in front of me, stood the statue of Ivey, so life-like and beautiful tbat it seemed at times to my frenzied brain that she was smiling And speaking to me. " 'Then there came a time -whra all was dark. - I had faint-d. Too soon I returned to the fearful reality, snd redoubled my acreams. It was fruit less. I .was in a mental and -bodily agony tbat was too nwfnl for . words. How the long bonrs passed I knew pot. It seemed yearn ttat I had been -fix--d there. £ eesm ne«r to have lived at all, except in a world of terror. 'My God ! I canuoc deac-ibo tbe angdisb. .. . Snddon'y th-re came a sound. . . Y-s. . . . I was not mistaken. ... A heavy hang on the roof overhead. - 1 listened with straining ears —ah — a footstep ! ' For God's sake, help— help!' I cried. Then there cime a tap at tbe skylight overhead, aud a voice spoke : ' Excuse me, but may I come in !' ' Gome in !' I shrieked ; ' in Heaven's name yes, come in !' 'You. seem in a mighty hurry,' replied tbe voice. 'Suppose you open tbe skylight for me.' ( ' I can't,' I answered ; 'smash it — do what you like — only be quick.' Crash ! the -glass came rpalteriug down on the floor, a foot came through the window, then another, and i<i a few Beconde a .man himself stood before me. 1 Well, I'm blowed !' he .exclaimed ; ' what on earth does th'is mean !' ' For God's sake be qoick aud set me free," I beggfd. 'It's killing me. Give me something to driok first.' I eagerly drained tbe lombler of suda-water he held to my lips.. Tht-n be set to work. He was a bosiuesK- liko man, and there were some atone chisels and bammera abont. In a very few minntes he bad split the pedestal down, and was hammering and chippiog away at the plaster, which,- of conrs-, by thin time was quite hard, and came off in flakes and lumps. It seemed ages to me, but he afterwards told ins it took him a very short time to get me free, though large' lumps of plaster still stock to my clothiS. I was horribly cramped, and could not elir when it was ore-. He undressed me and gave me a tre mendous rubbing, until at length the circulation became partially restored, and tbe agony began to subside, and 1 was able to.tilk. 'Well,' he exclaimed, 'this is tbe rummiest thing I've ewr come across. Goodness only knows what would have happened to you if my parachute hadn't gone wrong.' ' Your parachute ? 'Yes — that's bow l c:me here. I'm a professional aeronaut, and Fve been making a baloOD ascent and a parachute decent at Wembley Fark every Saturday afternoon for a couple of months past' 'And you landed, on tbe roof? I exclaimed. 'Exactly. Something went wrong, and I foo'nd myself coming down more quickly than I intended. The wind's a bit high, Bnd blew me some distance, and I thought I . was going smasb against this hooBe, but, as lock had' it, I joBt maaaged to fumble On the roof, wbicb, luckily, is fiat, and here I am. Lucky for you, wasn't it f Keen's words had come very nearly tine. Hie had said that only an angel from Heaven coold rescue me ! \- Well, little remains to be told. 1 waa very ill for weeks j in fac, I aui only just getting over ,it now. The ouly wonder is tbat I escaped «s I did, but as Keen bad put me in ;hn pi.d-s- tal with my clothis on, and h id n-a pres sed down the plaster, the pressure w«s slighter than it might hare been, though that was bad enough. As for Kten himself, hs got e'evn away. ' You' sen, he bad over twelve hours' start, for it was njt until late mi - Saturday eltorro in ibtt tbe aeronaut found me. I don't know, and I don't tnhcb care, what has became cf him. I only mean to tike good ..ore that he; doesn't have another chance of stepping onr marriage. And now, perhaps, yon will , under stand why. I fseiejitflt qiieerat the toention of platter of Paris. .._ ! j. 