THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE BAI.LVRAN. | r I J-' was a wild, stormy fSfrjj) . S evening upon which : 4 a Will Darrell arrived V Jf ' a a'^ ton'' P0as08!''011 ?-try/ ? 9 of his suddenly- ' t\ w ! acquired estate of Young, lidmisome, and talented, Will j Darrell had struggled, since hi« boyhood, with adversity, and now, at the age of eigh I -and-twen ty , found himaolf a rich man, having woke .up one morning to the know ledge of a legacy, from a distant and till then unknown relative, of twenty thousand pounds and flaBtle Ballyran. The money was in the Finds, und a transfor had been effected, when Darrell resolved upon a journey to the sister country to inspect the property, of which he had heard-,only-a con fused account. i ? ?? He found, ^)n his arrival, that the'Oastle w.as a ,!venoqi|ble old pile, and a young and onthu?fff8tic artist,' Darrell Viowedj, his possession with rapturous eyefc;' 'Far from any town, and at a considerable distance even from; the nearest village, the olcl castle stood alone, in desolate grandeur, overhanging the rocky seashore. The ap proach lay over a bleak and almost barren upland, and the gusty wind howled shrilly to the roaring waves. It was upon on# of the last days of Octo ber, the evening of which was closing in, »s Darrell. with his Irish agent, entered the great hall of the castle. A portion only of the great building was habitable, and for years no one had resided there but an old man - named Mike, and the crone, his wife, who were the custodians of the place, and had grown grey within its walls. Will Darrell and the agent were received most reverentially by the ancient couple, and were : conducted to the chief chamber on the ground, floor, the banquet hall of former days. It'loamed' large and lo^ty, and dimly grand in tho grey twilight, ren dered yet-more obscure -by the discoloured windows, throueh which everything was thrown' in shadow. The panelling was of black oak, relieved by the gilded quarterings of old families, and the dim portraits of old generations. At the farther end of the chamber was a dais.and above it hung some tattered ban ners, which hud done good service in their day, aiid drank the blood and licked the dust of many a well-fought field. There were arms of almost every age, and here and there complete suits of rusty mail stood out like gaunt and warlike spectres. A long table occupied the centre of the hall, but a few chaire only stood at its head. Towards these the newcomers made their way as old Mike entered, bearing huge candelabras. Above the immense chimnev-piece was carved some incident of the early ware, the design of which was lost to the eager artist's eyes of the young legatee, by- the smoke that issued in thick volumes from the\ turf and green wood, but newly-lighted on the large hearth beneath. 1 ' Welcome, Mr. Darrell. Cead Mille Failthe, welcome to the old castle ! may you live long, air, to reside in it with all honour and prosperity 1 exclaimed the agent, warmly. ' Reside in it.! By my faith I'll nevev leave it-1 What a glorious old place ; its ruinous aspectdelights me more than would a gorgeous palace with our latest modern impioveinents.' Gazing admiringly around, Will Darrell was only, roused from the most pleasant of ruminations by the return of the old people, bearing a couple of trays burthened with dishes containing boiled and roast fowls, dried salmon, cakes, oaten bread, and two decanters of whisky. Tired and hungry, the artiBt and the genial agent did full justice to all that was placed before them, the former partaking almost too freely of the potent potheen Until eleven o'clock the jovial companions caroused, when Mike offered to conduct them to their apartmentB for the night. The withered serving man, like mdst of his clasB, was garrulous in the extreme, and full of stories of ghosts and banshees. To those letter Will Darell listened with much interest and an amured smile. One tale particularly rivetted the atten. tion of the young artisit ; it was of a phan tom whom ? report credited with prowling and gliding about the old castle at midnight —the phantom of a young and lovely woman in white. The agent having retired, Darrell, con sulting his rtvatch with a humorous smile, asked the aged ; servitor what particular portion of the castle was most favoured by the ghost, ;; and . wjw informed that the lovoly phantom had been seen gliding about in tlie habited portion of the building as as ofton as the chambers that were falling into ruin antl decay. ' Very Wpll,; Mike. They say, 'After dinriur sit awhile, after supper walk a mile.' So, as Itself now not ab all inclined for re' pose, givo mo a lantern and I'll amuse my self by finding out if this pretty phantom will show; up to the new lord of hor domain.' , ' Mushk, an' it's going over the castle all by yourself, your honour, and close on midnight! Ochone, it's tempting Provi dence, shure I .' said the old man trembling and devoutly orossing himself. ?: v, ' . ' Oh, don't you f-?ar, Mike, ,a lady ghost or no ghoit won't frighten W ill Darrell ; and, perhap3,~as I'm a single young man tho female pliantom. will' run away from me instead' of, aftqj: riie.? , .. - '! 'Bedad, th^pr'etty oplteeb rfiay? lend you out 'on tho rpcEsj shUre'i aii' yer honour may bio carricd aWay' the aame as yoiing l'at Donlan, who_ was lost cntoirely, blown out to sae.and'nAver heard of again, Mushn 1 ' '- Well, I'll chance the rocks, the wind, and the sea. - Mike, -give me a lantern ; I'm .determined to ' find the phantom of Castle Ballyran, so bay no more,- but off with you to your old -dame, and leave me to look about for this young one. In the. flesh or oub of it, I'll have speech with her, though all the shades ofmy uncestors surrounded her.' Laughing at the lugubrious janitor the young lord'of the old castle,, receiving a, lighted lantern from his trembling hands, boldly strode from the banquet hall, and presently befftm to mount the dilapidated staircaso without. The walls v broken, and the casements beaten in, the wind in fitful blasts and rush ing sweeps met him in full force as at length he gained a narrow landing place aboye, ., ; The bold: artist, stopping now for a moment, stood by an open niche to breathe bhe night air and lieteh to the surging moun of the sea as it laved the beach, laughing ] aloud as attracted by the ^lare of the lun- I torn u huge cat dashed full in his face at the ▼ery moment that an owl set up her melan choly, weird tu whit, tu whoo ! Pursuing his wuy through a long gallery, ! undismayed by the rats that, startled from j their holes, scampered over the black floor . lilrn friirhfnnfid rubbitn. Will Darrell. hold- I ing high the lantern, pressed on' until he gained an apartment, vast, gloomy and very' scantily provided with crazy antique 5»i nii ture. A bed dt one side the room ftuked dark and hearse-like, and its proportions to the eye of -the artist seemed fit for a com pany of light infantry, who might pre viously have sat down together to sup in the ' fireplace, where four green logs were making asthmatic attempts at a smoke. The walls wore hung with torn arras, and there were half-a-dozen portraits of former owners of Castle Ballyran. At the farther end of the room from the bed Darrell observed a door, that apparently opened into some lesser chamber. Profound quiet now reigned throughout the old buildi,ng, and, swinging his lantern to and'iro, WiltDarrell was stepping to bhe. door that had' attracted his attention when he was startled jjy;a loud sigh and the tap tap of tiny feet as though a child was run- j ning across the floor. ' So the ghosts' are beginning -the game. I never heard yet that phantoms required fires to warm themselves by, and, as this apartment was certainly not intended for my bed-chamber, situate as it is in the uninhabited part of the castle, the matter, to say the IeuBt of it, looks suspicioas. I made up my mind to have a squint at old Mike's phantom, and it appears to me my curiosity respecting the female ghost is very likely to be gratified.' Soliloquising thus, Will Dar'rell, undeterrred by the sound of a faint moan, boldly made for the door front ing the hearse-like bedstead. The means of egress to this chamber being on the latch the bold young artist threw it back on its hinges, starting and uttering an exclamation of wonder as he caught sight of the figure of « voung woman. A lovely woman, habited in a white dress, and who by her attitude as she stood star ing at the intruder, whilst, in her astonish ment and alarm grasping for support the back of an easy American chair, was as surprised and confounded aB he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon the threshold, staring in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then with a loud laugh made a dash forwards! as the woman, with a shriek bounded away like a young fawn out through an opening in the wall' at the back of the chamber. A huge panel having been slid aside by an unknown hand, the fair occupant had at oiice availed herself of this retreat opened to her. About to follow the substantial phantom, the young Irishman waB seized in the grasp of a shock-headed Irishman, who, with a broad grin upon his tanned and humorous features, exclaimed : ' Whist, yer honour ! be aiBy ; I've seen Mike, he tould me as ye meant to sas the phantom of the castle, and, bedud ! you've frightened the biinshet instead of her frightening you. Shure, hut come, Musha, it's all the boys as'll be glad to sae yer honour.' ' Humph I I think I understand mat ters. HoWever, lead on my friend, I'll fol low:.! ' ejaculate i Darrell, ab once un hesitatingly' treading in the footsbepB of his guide. Threjding their way onward through the deserted chambers, they presently reached a roofless tower, and from thence descended a long winding staircase -leading to the crags. Over these was Darrell conducted by his guide, he knew not whither, hearing only the bellowing of the ocean, and the scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark object seemed to oppose further progrecs, but the Irishman thrust the .brushwood aside, and led the way on through a narrow winding passuge, apparently hollowed out of the rocks. A loud shout now broke upon the ears of Darrell, and the next instant he was in the centre of a wild group who welcomed him with uproarious cheers and ? boisterorus 1 mirth to the smugglers' cave of Ballyran. With a laugh eis hearty as their own. Will Durrell seated himself upon a keg, and' muoh to the delight of his rough com panions gulped down a glass of pure potheon that lie felt assured had never paid duty. The story waB soon i-old to the amused, young artist ; Castle Ballyran, offering admirable facilities for head quarters, Dan Rafferty's smuggler band had decided to spread the report of the building being haunted. Norah, the chief's daughter, a romantic, bold.young colleen, consenting to enact the role of phantom. Surprised, ? however, that night by the new lord of the castle, we have seen how the young lady ghost ran for it, instead of mirthfully be holding the flight of her victims. The carouse of the smugglers and their honoured guest wat kept up till early morn, Will Darrell deriving muoh amusement from the confusion of the agont and old Mike, who both had, of course, been in league with the smugglers. We never heard it the smuggler band after this discovery dispersed to ' fresh fields and pastures new,' but we do know that Will Dairell became the husband of. iho pretty phantop-of Castle Ballyran. 