THE WHITE VIRGINS. By JoilN BLOUNDELLEBURTON. Author of 'Freedom's Stroke,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement willi lie author. AH rights reserved.] \ The charrette had halted beneath tha lime trees— which were still in flower at' the end of tihis hot August or beginning of September — and the men who couducted it were beginning to look for the brook which' might be heard babbling close by, since' both they and their passengers were athirst arter the iong journey commenced at day^ break. The vehicle had stopped out Bide Lagny for the last drink to be partaken of ere Paris should be reached and its jour-j ney finally accomplished.' j Yet never had any conveyance passed along those roads, now so white and dusty' from the long summer's drought, which bore so strange a load as that borne by this old lumbering tiling — half patache and half van; never had such a freight been' seen in any carriage which had travelled along those roads and had thereby caused old women working in the fields, and old men whose backs were bowed with toil and poverty, to run, or shamble, towards it tc gaze upon that load. ! ~~ 'Sainte Vierge,' they muttered to eaclj other, 'they must be Her votaries. . See ta their white robes — and, look, some beaif lilies within their hands — fit emblems ol Her purity, and all are clad in white, while some do smile and prattle. What can it, mean?' these innocent, ignorant peasants usl;ed. 'What? Can She, our Sacred; . Mother of Sorrows, be coming to walk thi« cnrlh again, and are the children sent be' fore to proclaim peace to our distracted land?' } Whereon their eyes would glance at tha open charrette and rest upon fourteen; young girls — there was not one more than 18 j'ears old — who sat within it, ull dad in White and holding, as the peasants liaa said, lilies in their hands — while one fon^ died a little dog tHiat lay sleeping in her lap. The laborers noticed, too, that upoir all 'their innocent young faces there was ff tranquil, happy look, such as you may ob-^ serve upon the faces of little children} whose minds are tree from guile and still pure, though already sufficiently ripe tcj understand and appreciate now good it is to be in the world and to be full of life! and youth. Full of life and youth, and with old age and pain and sorrow fan away as yet. _ . j 'They look,' eaid one old peasant woman, crossing herself as she spoke, 'a( if they miglit stand face ,to face with the good God and fear not, -since they hava never known aught of evil. ' 'Suffer little ones to come to Me,' His. only Son said} Surely He meant such as these.'. \ 'Bonhomme,' demanded a Bturdy young peasant, addressing the driver of the char. rette, who was now handing up water to the white-robed girls in tSie cart; wink touching the man on the; sleeve as h« spoke, 'what is it they do, and where dn' they go? Is it to some great feast undei bhe republic?' and he glanced towards where Paris lay, 'or— say— a marriage— un- nocef EhY' i For a moment the driver paused wlnla looking at the young fellow who question^ ed him, so that the latter -observed how*, rough and cruel-looking a mun the othee 'was, and how upon his sleeves he bore spots of dried blood, as though he were a putcher or a cattle slaughterer; then the fellow replied in a low \Toice, though not vs a harsh one, 'Yes, it is to' a marriage — tine noce-r-that they go.'- ? ?',,,. 'Whose marriage?',, the peasant 'asked, his curiosity aroueed. . ?. 'Their own.' 'Their — own! These' children.- Why, ? mon brave,;how can that be? Some — that ^ little golden-haired one t(here,.Jt6 wit; She iivho nurses the. Ulog— she withr' the blue . eyes such as the angels had in our laj» church windows— she is not 10 yeari of age. Does the Republic permit girls to many at that age? Nay, such things would. better have befitted the days' of Capet's predecessor; the days of L/Ouis.XV. of foul memory,' and he spat upon' the earth as he spoke. 'They are brides,' the driver said'. 'Brides. That is'enough. It is no part of jny work to answer idle questions. Yet, to the surprise of his interrogator, there -vere tears in his eyes even as he so re plied. And, also to that interrogator's surprise, fckie man of harsh and menacing appearance took the hand of one of the iivhitc-clad children as it hung down over Mie side of the cfoarreltfte and kissed it soft ly, while muttering, 'Pauvre petite. Pauvre bebe '' 'What is it?' the peasant asked, stat ing at the man and his companion — who had now joined him. 'What! What! Grea't God!' he exclaimed, recoiling a step— 'it is not that! Oh! say it is not that. And they such little helpless things. What harm can they have done?' Then— because the driver's face showed that this journey was in' 'truth 'the -thing oi' horror which the young man nad sud denly divined it to be, he whi6])ered, 'Do they know?' : 'Nay, they know nothing. They think they go to a fete — a great celebration. All think so but one— the eldest. And she will not tell them.' .. 'Why?' * 'She is the daughter of the one who uttered their sentence — of Paul Salbris— he not knowing his own child was amongst them. When lie does know it he will sure ly Klay himself.' ? The three men had. been joined by some women ere this- women, who, seeing the Voung girls in the charrette with nothing but some bread to eat with the water they drank, had handed up to one a piece of brioche, to another an egg warm from the iiest, and to a third a plum — their women's hearts being touched by the children's youth and innocence. But they had' by now overheard some part of fhe talk and —well — they guessed the rest. 'What have they done?' asked an old bent woman who had been standing by. Plie was an aged, hideous crone thi6, one burned black from exposure in the fields \- and wrinkled and almost mummified by age and the elements, yet with still a wo man's sympathies , left to her,- since from her' old eyes die tears were falling. 'They were sent by their parents, dress ed as you see them now and- with flowers in tfieir hands to welcome the King of Prussia and the Duke of Brunswick at Ver dun; to welcome them a6 saviours' of 1'Vance from the Republic. For that they are condemned and sent to Paris for ? ' 'Oh,' said a young woman, swarthy and comely, wh-} held her own little babe to her brown breast. 'Oh, God. And this is the Republic that was to free us all; to make us so happy. And their parent* —their mothers, above all. Have they said farewell to them?' this handsome peasant woman asked, sobbing. For a moment the driver paused, looking at her. Then he.said — 'The parting is made. The mothers have pone before to — to — to — to weileoine their rhildren in heaven. Thank God. these in nocents do not kn'ow it. They think they will oe black at Verdun soon and find tJieir Mothers Waiting for them. But it is not there that they will meet.' An hour later the charrette was a league further on its journey towards Paris — Paris, the very name off which had by now grown luiteful to the whole civilised world — and the peasants were sitting in the nhade by the fountain of their village talk ing over Ith'at which they had lately learnt. It had been the custom for generations of mrch peasant* to sit tnus around this foun tain at eventide conversing about their con cerns wSiidi, though but trivial babble to all the rest of the world, was of import ance to tliem— and so they sat now. For although there were no mbre hateful, aocursed corvees to be attended to; no more hateful and accursed tithes and three fourths of their earnings to be paid to the noblesse, since the guillotine had changed all that and 'the noblesse had vanished like ' chaff before the wind— the people still had in labor cruelly to find the wherewithal to live, and die cvveat still ran down their cheeks daily as they toiled, and their backs became more and more bent and bowed, and their limbs ached more and more, as they grew older with their day's work. So that their fountain was to the men on sum mer evenings as the clubs had been to the men of t-bat noblesse which was now ex tinct; the noblesse -whose heads were now rotting in the common fosses of Paris while their bodies rotted in the burial ground of the Madeleine; and, ta the women, as the ealons -had been to the haughty ladies of the Queen's court, most of whose dead todies were likewise headless at this time. 'Yet, palsainbleu,' said one strong sinewy peasant, 'It is too much. We have avenged ourselves on the nobility, who smiled and smiled and leered at our suffer ings, as well as on the women who were their wives. But-^-n little innocent chil dren! Grand Dieu! they go too far.' . 'They Fay the end draws near,' exclaim ed another, 'for the King — .' 'Hsh— Hf-h,' interposed the first feaker. 'Not the King— but Louis Capet, there were any creeping about this Tillage to-night, any agent, any spy,, any jnouchard, your own neck would be as pear the knife as is Capet's own.' 'Still,' muttered ^the handsome peasant .?woman, who had. heard everything earlier ? i T. dlff- 'H ' an accursed thing to glaughter those innocents. This cannot be justice. ' 'They guillotined an aristocrat's dog at Bordeaux they say,' whispered another, * because the master was an aristocrat. A 'dog is as innocent a crature as a* child, ffhej^will stop at nothing. They will— what is it, piere?: At what do you Chuckle V'. the Speaker said, breaking off to regard en old woman who was laughing to herself— an old creature almost senile worn weight of years. 'What is it?' 'He who drove the tumbril — nay, the fharrette— well!. 'tis much the same thing— . he said one who condemned them (had a Slaughter amongst them, unknown to him belt. Oh— he! Oh— he. That is good. {That is good. Curse him— how he must (writhe at his thoughts, this Herod, this Slaughterer of tUe innocents.' 'Mere,' exclaimed the man, with a minister grin which belied his words. ''Mere, you are an aristocrat. You should fejoice at ? What is that?' while as he broke off now lie bent bis head towards the road. The. road which ran from Ver dun . towards Paris ^passed through this* village. And, likewise, all the others bent their heads. .' ; I '. 'It is, a horse galloping,' said one,- 'a horse comdngiswijtly. . One ridden to its full speedy What may it mean?' ? 'Perhaps a,- reprieve— a pardon for those helpless babes,' the handsome you&g; pea sant woman gasped' in her excitement. 'I pray GoiJ. Yet— ah!' 'she cried, a moment afterwards, 'if so, it is too la'te. .They are in Paris 'now— Jong since — oh!' Mon Dieu, it-is too fete. .Too late/' . ; Even as she spoke' they' could hear, in the stillness of the late summer evening,' the ring of the approaching horse's hoofs at the other end of the village street — it was passing the chateau of Monsieur ''e Marquis now— Monsieur le Marquis who was taken to Paris and guillotined last May, whije his chateau was shut up (lucky it was not burned!) and had now Xiiberte, Egalite, Fraternite painted all the length along its front. The animal was in the vil lage street. It was close now. It was upon them. It. bore upon its back an elderly, white faced man, and they»could see, in the still remaining dusk, how wiute he was; a man whose eyes -were hollow yet gleamed as though with fear, and down whose face the perspiration rolled. A man who looked as though he had seen a ghost upon the road he had followed or had encounered some hideous sight that had blasted him. Ob serving the group of peasants, he pulled up the reeking horse lie bestrode with a jerk, so that he almost threw it on it^haunches, and tihen he cried in a hoarse, raucouE voice — 'The charrette. A charrette full of young girls dressed in white. It must have passed here. It has passed here. Has it not? Speak! Has it not?' 'Ay,' exclaimed one or two voices. 'Ay, it has passed. Five hours ago.' 'Five hours,' the man cried; shrieked indeed. 'Five hours. Oil, God— it cannot be! Not five hours. Bay it is not five hours. Say it. Say it!' 'Nearer six,' grunted the old woman, yet clearly enough for tSie horseman to hear her. 'Far nearer six.' 'Oh,' cried the man — and now his face was whiter, more deathly than belore; the face of a corpse within its shroud. 'Ah, I am too late. I am too kte. They— will— be— dead — ere I can reuch them.'. 'Have you then a reprieve, a pardon for them?' asked the handsome young peasant woman, while as she spoke she -drew her own babe nearer to her breast. 'I can— I could — have saved them if I had been in time. If I had known earlier. I am the syndic of Verdun. I am ? ' 'You are perhaps Paul Salbris?' a voice asked solemnly from out of the fastap proaching darkness. 'God help me, yes. Oh, Lad thoy told me earlier. Yet—yet — even in hopes— I will go on. The charrette might break down — a disaster may have happened— even to the horses. I may yet Euve them.' And without further words he turned his wrist and urged the already tirea, panting horse upon its road again, towaras Paris. 'lie is too lae,' tne young peasant mother whispered. 'Far too late. What has become of them— what are they by now? What? What?' W'hat had become of them Vas that they had long since entered Paris by 't/he eastern gate — -'that, prattling to tfoemselveir, especially t'he youngest of them, smiling at* the crowds which stared at them, though witih a look of horror and astonish ment on each upturned face; waving some times their lilies to those who so repard ed them, they passed along their road and through the crowded streets of the in fernal city. Among them the charrette went — still stared at by astonished eyes; they, these innocent children, not under standing why here and there a woman fainted as she gazed on them — nor why fierce-looking men with red caps on, who had alst- smeared their faces and hands with some tfcing red— they could not wi-Jer«t&nd; -Why — should mutter imprecations and clench their fists, and, in more than one case, throw down the weapons they bore in their hands and rush away from the sight of the children: Nor could they understand why horrible, cruel-looking women, with knives in their girdles and Phrygian caps upon their heads, whom some called, as they could very well hear, 'LesLecheressef- de Sang,' should suddenly scream as though struck with frenzy and -then rush forward ervine — 'No. No, Not that. Not that. God! not that.' ? But still the charrette went on. It went on down a long open street with, on one side of it, a partSy-burnt palace having banners of red and white and blue hanging from the windows, and with, as elsewhere, the words Liberte, Egalite, Fra ternite painted all over it — a palace stand ing in beautiful gardens. It went on and on, and so, At last, it reached a great open nlace on which there stood hundreds upon hundreds of people. People who seemed to welcome than, Chough in a strange way, too, these-cbildren thought; since, as be fore, the women wept and shrieked and fainted, while from the men's throats there rose a hoarse, angry, and perhaps ominous roar. And then — then— the charrette stop ped before a strange-looking little erection; a square, wooden thing, to which six et6ps led up. and abqve which were two tall posts, having a cross piece on the top of them, beneath which shone a beautiful sheet of bright polished steel— looking, as the children thought, like a great magni fied copy of the razors tihey bad seen tlieir fathers use. But what pleased them and made them very happy was that the cruel-looking women whom they had heard called 'Les Lecheresses de hang' could not, they thought-, be very cruel after all, because, as they saw quite well, these women had found some lilies like their own and were strewing all the floor of the strange-look-' ing building with them. So that, as they told each other — all speaking but the eldest one, who uttered never a word but only stared with an awful stare upon her face — the people of Paris were glad to see them and make them welcome. 'Descend,' said tne driver, whose eyes they noticed were very red and watery — indeed like the eyes of a man who was weeping — yet who weeps on fete days?— 'descend and go up ope by one. You. first,'- and. he spoke to the girl who had earned the little dog in her lap for two' days. Whereon the child, pleased to be taken notice of, got out of tlie charrette and ran up the six steps- to where at the top there Btood a young man very well dressed, who leld out his hand to her and led her gently 'orward. A young man wliose name was Sanson — though naturally she did not know \t— and who was the hereditary execu tioner of Paris. 'Bon Boir, mademoiselle,' he said very gravely, and to the girl's astonishment this rood-looking young man had also his eyes full of tears. 'Bon soir. Shall we begin to —to— to— mon Dieu! (he whispered) to play?' 'uf you please,' the child answered, still proud of being so much noticed. 'But you see, I Have Fifine,' and she pointed to the little dog. 'Someone must look after her while we play.' . - ? 'It shall be well cared fox,., mademoi selle,' the young man answered, turning his head away. 'Very well. Always. Have no fear.' . . , . \- 'Oh, yes, it ? muBt be. Because,' went on the child, looking up with her innocent blue eyes into those of the gentleman who seemed so kind, 'it will be a year old next week. ? And we -are coing 'to make a little fete for Its birthday— rand mother has a-ribbon for.it— and. I am going to buy it a little box of bonbons— 's ? 'Dien des DieuB,' murmured \Sanson, 'this is- too much, even for such ae I. Then he turned swiftly away from the child tuid spoke to a gloomy-looking young man by hiB side, who nodded solemnly and simply whispered, 'Yes, if I can en dure to do it.' After whieh the handsome gentleman stooped down to the girl and kissed her, saying, 'Go— and— play. Go and — ah! God bless you. Give me the dog. Give it me. I will guard it carefully/' And—so— ran down the steps with the lit tle animal in his arms and disapi^eared into the crowd, speaking only to the driver of the charrette and whispering, 'Turn their faces away from it. Let none see what happens to each as they go before.' They paid that night in the wine shops of Paris that surely this must be the end; that neither Danton nor Desmoulins, nor Robespierre would dare to let any more be executed after the thrill of horror which all had felt— even including Les Leche resses and les Vengeresses— at the slaugh ter of these innocent, smiling children Yet it was not the end. Countless noble heads^ were still to fall- a king's and a queen's amongst them, as well as more simple ones; more than two years had vet to elapse ere the sickly, foetid, and blood stained shadow of death, which for so long had rustled its savage wings over France, was finally driven off for ever. Next -week — BURIED ALIVE, By S. Baring-Gould. 