A MW LUTHERAN CHURCH. LAYIXfi THE FOUXDATIOX-STOXE. Saturday last was a red-letter day in con nection with St. Stephen'^ Lutheran Church, when the foundation-stone of the new building in Wakefidd-i-lreet was laid by Sir Samuel J. Wyiiy. Bart. Despite the ?rioomy forecast of tlie. morning tlic wea ther was most propitious, and it seemed as if nature were lending her aid toivards the success of tlie project. The stone was enveloped in a German roy;il standard. Ire tokening tlie nationality of the congrega tion, and overhead the tierman flag and tlie Union Jack were floating in the breeze side by side. Scats for the guests were arranged on a platform erected for the oc casion, and there was a large attendance. Amongst those present, in addition to Sir Samuel and Ijffdy Way, were Mr. H. O. K. Muecke (consul for the German Empire), ITon. M. P. I\ Basedow. Mr. T. Sclierk, M.P . and many leading German residents. Tlie proceedings commenced with a shortened liturgical service, conducted in German by Uip Rev. I-r. K. J. Kitcl. the pastor of tlie church, who w.ig assisted by the Kcv. Pastor Kaestner. of Tanunda, and in this tlie church choir rendered effective aid. In the course of the service the stone was consecrated by the pastor and signed with the sign of the Crow;, after wliidi it was placed in position under tue supervi sion of the architect. The stone, which was tbe gift ot the contractor, bore the Jerusalem cross and the following inscrip tion: — 'Zur Ehro Gottes wurde dicker Stein select von dem. Kight Hon. Sir Samuel .lames .War. Bart- October 14, 1899.' Tbe silver trowel, suitably in scribed, which was presented by the archi tects, was used oy Sir Samuel Way, who laid the stone in true Masonic form, with the following words:— 'To tlie glory of God and in the faith of .Icsus Christ I de clare this stone to he woll and faithfully laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' The assisting clergyman, fol lowed by the churchwardens. Messrs. W. Bruzcemann. G. A. Muth. A. Riekf. and K. Rechtel. advanced in turn, and in accor dance with the Lutheran custom recited a Scriptural text, at ' the same time giving rnree taps on the stone witn the mallet, signifying the doctrine of the Trinity. The Rev. Dr. K. .1. Eitel said he could not address them without first giving expres sion to the deep feeling of obligation under which his congregation, as well as himself, had been placed by the generous sympathy of so many classes of the Ade laide public, as was evidenced by the Catherine present, and especially by the large-hearted kindness of that typical re presentative of South Australian broad mindedness. Sir Samncl J. Way, their honored and beloved Chief Justice — (ap- plause) — who had more often than any man in South Australia filled the higher post of Licutenant-Governor, and who had generously oorfscntcd to lay the foundation stone of this German church, which he had performed in such a mastcr-niason-Hke manner. As Sir Samuel Way would pre sently address them, lie proposed to con fine himself to a few explanatory remarks. The building, the foundation-stone of which liad just been laid, was intended to take the place of the little church in l*irie street, erected 3S years ago, under the |-as- torate of the Kcv. Christian Maschmcdt, whose work in Klemzig and Adelaide and neighborhood was still held in blessed re membrance. Like ite predecessor, this church was also dedicated to St. Stephen the Martyr, whose never-dying example call ed unon them to stand by the faith of the glorified Redeemer with unshaken fidelity. The aims of that church were to admini ster to their German fellow-colonists the blessings of religion and the TJoIy Sacra ments on the basis of the Word of God, and in conformity with the established Lutheran faith, and - for that purpose of cultivating tlie use of the German language and the love of the German fatherland. They considered those aims to be perfectly compatible with the hearty and loyal sub mission thpy owed to the suzerain British Government, and with the consciousness that unless the stream of German immigra tion were soon renewed the German ele ment in the colony was bound to be ab sorbed in the overwhelming flood of Anclo Saxon life. They bowed to the inevitable, but meanwhile they who were born Ger mans, even there in the shadow of the British flag, persevered in their dutv and love to God. Kaiser, and fatherland, and they believed that thev had ihernin the sympathy of every enlightened English man. (Applause.) The finances of their church were such that they were dad to accept the generous offerings of their Enclish as well as German friends. They had sold their ground in Pirie-street for £1.200. They had purchased the pre sent site for £000. The building would cost from £1,500 to £1,600, and their con gregation would therefore have to ri:se £1.200 to provide merely for the bnfMi'nz of the church, but they were in urgent need also of a building for the use of the Simdav-school. Sir -aniue! \\\ ay, who w.i-; warmly re ceived, said: — Dr. Eitel, elders, members, and friends of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, will you iiermit me to thark you first for the cordial welcome which von have accorded Lady Way and myself to this historical gathering, and allow nip to thank you also on my own behalf for liav inc done me the honor of allowing mo to take part iu this ceremonial. I shall al ways value the handsome trowel wi'ii which I liave been presented as a precious memorial of one of the most interesting incidents of my life. May I also, whilst dealing ?with these personal details, express the great gratification I feel that I haw the honor of being associated v.-uh my distinguished friend, the Rev. Or Eitel. at this earlv part of his labors in liie cilv of Adelaide. The great services which Dr. Eitel rendered in the cause of educa tion are a part of the history of the Bri tish colony of Hongkong, and his learning lias been acknowledged -within the walls of the British Parliament, f Applause.) I do not winder that the St. Stephen's Cliurch in Pirie-street has. as mentioned by Dr. Eitel. been found too small to accommo date the congregation, which are desirous of coming under Dr. Eitel's fait.hful and learnnd and earnest ministry. Will you permit me also to say that it affords 'me. as a South Australian colonist, the highest gratification to be here, and to take part in the proceedings of to-day. These pro ceedings connect themselves, with an event in South Australian settlement, or, rather, in the colonisation of this conti nent, which, more than almost any otlier. teaches the heroic and the sublime. In November. IS.!*!. tli,» K-md ship Prince demue anchored in Port Adelaide, witn 100 German- on lioanl. That snin wm the SoTiiii Aii-traliar Mayflower. Tile P'l trim Fathers in l-mi. .-a-e* had left theii nativc Um'. t-: -secure relieir.us freedom Tho:? of JOO jcar-. .ico sailed to Xorih *.Tiieric:-. thn~-- of 1S3H tame here. ;ini helped to build up Soml: Australia. Th.i-' Sile-ian peasants were singuUrly quaiilip-i l«i take part in the early settlement «?* .i ci-:nntri\ They were m.-.M n!' iIicip im b.inflnien. Th. y fwd learnt in tlie Vall-.' of the Oder about the cultivation of tli-' vine and rhe m.inacemcnt of the merino -hcep. The- were pii'.eh impressed with a doe'rine that in- Iwv-.ime very popular l.itely tlie doctrine of tlie close 'settlement of the tanJ. but the im--t lii-ecions frciciit wiiich thi-y lirouirliT with tliem was a pis si-n for liberty hi wor-liip. Tile most dri watie incident of the Reformation. I think, v.rti will all apree. wa* at the Diet nf Worms, an incident with which you are all familiar, when Martin Lulhor stood up anJ withstood Emperor, prrnees. nobles, sol Jicr-. -'ardinaN. lega'tes. liishops. the whole power of the German J'Jnpire ana J1^ Vj. l-acy combined. 'Here.'' cried lie, 'I take my stand, and God help me,' and by ths utterance of tbese historic words he se cured for the modern world freedom of pri vate judgment. Our Pilprim Fathers in South Australia were his worthy succes sors. They bad borne fiDes and imprison ment, and Uie confiscation of their goods. They had let: their, native land and come to an unknown country to secure a noe church in a free State, and all South Aus tralians next year will go into Federation with greater pride because of the -':uiily courage oi those German 1'ilprini l-atlicr--. But 1 cannot allow my German friends to monojwlise all the honor and (ilory to which I have referred. It is something that we Englishmen two years twfore had c-- .tablished upon principles of civil and re ligious freedom a colony tn which thc.-i exiles could find a *«'e asylum. Wo did not cavil abont terms, we wel comed them to a free citizenship. Il the Jtoers had acted upon the same j-rim-i|-le* towards the I'itlanders, English. German, and all other tia tionalitios. who have built up the Transvaal, we should not be mourn ing a war m South Africa to-day. But I wish to go a step further as to my own nationality. These pioneers came here by the help of a British merchant, and they could not have come here without that help. He had spent thousands and thousands of pounds in bringing out shipload after ship load of these religious refugees, and to tins movement we owe the townships ot Klem zig, Hahndorf, Lobethai, Tanunda, An?as ton. and the other German settlements which are amongst the most striking and attractive features of South Australia; and in estimating the greatness of that act we must remember that tliis money w.-u* ad vanced ax a time when this liberal Bene factor was in straitened circumstances in consequence of his capital having been locked up in this new colony- He put down his carriage. He endangered the loss of the whole of 'his fortune in order to give help to these refugees. I can remember the tall and slender form, the long hair, and rtie striking features of Pastor Hard, who was the leader of this immigration, and it is one of my proudest memories that 1 was honored ?with the friendship of their munificent benefactor who brought -them out. to this eolonv, George Fife Angus, the father and the founder of South Austra lia. (Applause.) At the Easel Club, which is now holding its exhibition on Northter race, there is a little picture of an old cot tage — just sucb a cottage as you may see by hundreds of thousands in your father land—and alongside that cottage riiere is an almond tree in full blossom. The title of the picture is 'The last «f a once flourishing township^ — Klemzic.' It is^truc that, the men and women who built Klffm zijc are gone, and their cottages also. Their place knows them no more. But their children and children's children— some of them bearing EngliA surnames in conse quence of intermarriagesT-are spread throughout- South Australia, and are amongst the most industrious, the most flourishing, and the mpst law-abiding of our population. (Applause.) St. Ste phen's Church, in Pirie-sbreet. was the Miceessor of the little church iu Klcmzig, and it is to be followed by this more spa cious building; but I venture to -say, that so long an there are descendants of those Pilgrim Fathers amongst us— so long as South Australia is the home of a free, a happy, and a prosperous people — we «hall not have seen the last of Klemzig. (Ap plause.) The almond tree in the picture, blossoming and bearing fruit year by year, is a true emblem of Hie living spirit ot Klemzig. (Applause.) When .1 was in England in 1891, I saw in the gardens of Marlborough House the foremost man in Europe and the best and greatest woman in the wide world walking together. Theaged Queen of England was accepting the sup port of the strong arm of the Emperor of Germany. That, I thought, personifies what ought to be the relations of the Ger man and the English Empires. (Applause.) When I say this symbolises the relations of Germans and English in South Austra lia, I mean that we are not merely one race. We arc one familv. Those of us who come from the three kingdoms and the principality surrounded fay the four seas on the other side of the world are not more Inyal to her Majesty tite Queen than are the patriotic German colonists of South Australia. (Applause.) When we sneak of the mother country all of us think at once of England; and when the fatherland is mentioned we ail — from whatever coun try we come — mean the Empire of Ger many. We have English. Caledonian, Hi bernian, Cambrian, and Cornish societies, and I concur with Dr. EiU-f that the Ger mans also s-houid cherish the tove of their great fatherland, and that they should make its history and its traditions a part of our own inheritance in this great Aus tralia of ours. Our intellectual life will be all the richer if we possr«s ourselves of the treasures of Gorman literature. The German language is the key to the latest dif-covcrics of modern science. We recog nise that in the I'niversity of Adelaide, and we are doing all we can to encourage the study of the German language, and lam glad to be able to inform yon that to aid our efforts Dr. Eitel has very kindly eon sentcd to give lectures to our students upon the subject— (applause)— in its deepest and highest aspects— Christian liberties and national ami social distinc tions. There are neither .Tews nor Greeks, neither bond nor free, neither male nnr female, but we are all one in Christ .lesus. Christianity was never intended to destroy good citizenship or to diminish our loyalty and our |iat riot ism: and religion in South Australia will flourish all the more strong ly wnuc tne aoctnnes ot ttie (ireat Ke former are preached, faithfully preached, in his mother tongue, ami while your devo tions rise to heaven in ihe words of the hymn. 'A strong tower is our God,' ami the other hymns from the pen of Martin Luther and Martin Luther's Ianrl. Of thi- I am sure, I may venture to assure you, that even- right-feeling South Australian, whether of English. Irish, Scotch, or Ger man birth, wishes for his church peace and prosperity, and fervently joins in she prayer that it n:ay have God's blessing. (Applause.) Mr. 11. C. E. Mnecke. Consul for the German Empire, Mid he hail licvii requeu ed by Dr. Eitrl, the wardens, and rucmlicrs of the church, to tender to Sir Samuel Way and I^ady Way a hearty recognition of their kindness. He could assure Sir. Samuel that every German loved his fatherland, lovgd his language, loved his customs, and, above all, he loved his re ligion. He could also assure Sir Samuel that in his experience among the Germans he had usually found that those who bore ihe strongest attachment to their country ilso formed the most loyal and must ex ^client citizens in their' new country— -South Australia. He had also to tender'on behalf of the pastor, wardens, anil inejn hers of the church their hearty thanks lo the architects, Messrs. Williams'* Good, tor their kind gift of the handsome-:lvcrt-i-«ol used for the occasion, and to the contrac tor, Mr. G. Kleineunther. for the plat lorm which he had erected free of charge and also ior the stone which lie had pre sented. The ceremony closed with the Ixnc.IiV tion, and the mngine of Luther'* well known hymn 'Nun J.inket allcGoti.' Di:r :ng the singing of a hymn offerincs were laid on the stone amounting to £55 11 '. Among those from whom apologies wore received were the Mayor and Mayoress of Adelaide, who sent a donation to the church. The new St. Stephen's Evanirelical Lutheran Church, which U being erected in Wakeneld-streot. will ho in the form ?-: .i Latin cross. The measurement from the end oi the nave to the end of the chancel is 78 j'r.. ,:nd Srom emi hi end of die traniscpi .'*- ft. The width of the nave is 'Jfi ft., and the height from floor to ceiling 'Si ft. (i in. The main entrance porch i.- .it ihe side near the front, and the vesxry ,ni joins the chancel. The general design Ji ?!?» building is in the early English style. Tin lower portion of the 'walls is of*Tapiey's Hill Milestone, and ihat above the plinth oi light freestone, with a combination -.u cement and brick dressings. Large trac ery windows form the main features .if the front, transept, and chancel, and tin main buttresses are surmounted by pin nacles. At the intersection oi the roof an elegant fleche i.- a mo.-t striking fea ture, rising to the height of 65 ft. from the ground, and thoroughly ventilates tiic roof. The small liuted galvanized iron ceiling is carried up into the roof about 5 ft., exposing to view the lower part of tue hammer beam principals. The altar, pulpii. and pows are of polished kauri pine, and the iioor is of jarrah. The church will Uo well ventilated with sufficient inlet? and patent exhaust ventilator*. The work is being carried out from plans and siieeincation: prepared by Messrs. Williams & Good, tlic architects. The contractor is Mr. IS. Klcinsuntiicr. 