ENTERTAINMENTS. CREMORNE THEATRE. The twenty-first change of programme presented by Jones and Lawrence's company since the inception of its season was submitted before an audience which completely filled Cremorne Theatre on Saturday night. The morn meritorious turns in which the more popular artistes repeated their previous successes were included in the following Song and dance " Susie,'-' Miss Dora Taylor ; comic song, " Giving the Game Away," Mr. Denis. Carney (encored) serio-comic "Rosie Rosie," Miss Violet Lsroy (on cored) : ballad, " One Heart Divine," Mr. C. H Jones (encored) and song, " Love Me Little," Jip Frank Yorke (recalled twice) serio comic, '? Daddy's Baby Boy," Miss A. Bodin ; comic song, " Coals," Mr. Bob Bell (encored) ; song and dance, Touring on the Continent," by the Williams Quartette (imperatively redemanded, the talented young ladies being attired in picturesque costume and song, "Take Me There Mr. Cowan; ballad, Mer- man's Cave," Miss Ada Baker, who was required to repeat this the gem of her repertoire; duet and song, "Dark Brown Lon,"' by the Lingard Sisters. An in- geniously novel finale concluded the first part. It was given in the form of a burlesque cinematographe exhibition " Corbett v. Fitzsimmons." Messrs. Yorke and Carney enacting the boxer's parts, Messrs. Loel and Watts assisting, were the living figures in the exhibition upon which two strong revolving calcium lights were played. The jumping and clicking sensation in the operation of the lights served to correctly imitate rather than burlesque, the working of a cinematographe and the actual fight which lasts for three or four minutes provoked uproarious laughter. Upon Corbett (Mr. Yorke) receiving his quieting blow on the solar plexus, the exhibition closed and the curtain fell amid a pronounced call for an encore, which was responded to only by the principles in the mock fight shaking hands and bowing. The finale is quite the most original and mirth-provoking yet given in vaudeville entertainments in Perth. The one portion of the bill was opened by the clever Williams Quartette in their unique trick cycling performances, Miss Florrie displaying the same agility when riding a bicycle as the average dancer does upon a stage. Their turn was deservedly encored. Mr. Charles Moody presents songs which at least possess the merit of newness. His Saturday night turns " The Suburbs " and " The Engine Driver's Story " were received very well. The clearness of this artist's enunciation is a distinct relief from the incoherent neat tonings of other Cremorne comedians. Miss Dora- Taylor and Mr. James Watts repeated their "Romeo and Juliet up to Date" turn of the previous week. The burlesque rhyming and gagging introduced infuses plenty of go into the sketch, and it is appreciated accordingly. Mr. Frank Yorke would, if his greatest admirers, the " gods," had their way, sing six or seven songs nightly. As it is, the audience are never satisfied with the two solo numbers Mr. Yorke is billed to contribute. His " Ship I Love," followed by the very popular " Sunday she sings Molly Riley " by no means sufficed. The strong voiced artiste was requested to sing '3 Get it over " and did so The Lingard's regularly present something novel. After Miss Edie had executed a graceful dance Miss Marie rendered "The' call boy" (in costume) from " A Gaiety Girl." Introducing a clog dance Miss Marie scored a distinct hit. "Everybody's favourite." Mr. Bob Bell next appeared in an overcoat of remarkable hues and size and sang " Under my overcoat." Having to reappear he gave " Where do I come in ?" very successfully. Miss Ada Baker pleasingly rendered the ballad "Come back to Mother," as an encore to which she gave "I'm nothing to you now," not on this occasion dressed as a nun and the ballad was the more appreciated by many. "A man like me and On Top " were Mr. Carmody's turns in the one, to which also Mr. Cowan and Miss Bodin contributed. The Ghost in the Pawnship," which was productive of considerable amusement, concluded the all too lengthy bill. Last evening a rational concert was given very successfully before a fairly large audience. To-night Saturday's new bill will be repeated. BENEFIT TO MR. TOM CANNAM. In the Fremantle Town Hall this evening, a complimentary benefit will be tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Tom Cannam prior to their departure from the port. The popular comedian and his clever wife have made a host of friends during their sojourn at Fremantle, and they should draw a bumper house this evening. An admirable programme has been arranged for the occasion, as will be seen on reference to our advertising columns, where it is published in full. Mr. and Mrs. Cannam themselves will appear in the one-act comedy, " Mrs. Hillary Regrets," and in the balcony scene from " Romeo and Juliet." THEATRE ROYAL. No definite information concerning the personnel of the opera company which is to visit Perth in July next, under the auspices of Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove, is yet available. The Theatre Royal has been engaged by the firm for a season of six weeks from July 3 next ; but while it is understood that " The Geisha" and other pieces new to Perth are to be presented, it is not known positively by which company. The musical work named, with "D'jiaD'jin," "A Gaiety Girl," and other extravaganzas, burlesques, and the latest operas, are included in the repertoire of the company known as Pollard's Opera Company, erstwhile Pollard's Lilliputian Opera Company; and this combination may possibly be the one by which the six weeks' season referred to will be filled. A letter from an authoritative source, re- ceived in Perth last week from a Melbourne correspondent, stated that Pollard's Opera Company, which has been showing to continuously successful business in New Zealand, is certain to pay Perth a visit before the close of the current year. Should Pollard's troupe not fulfil the July season engagement, it is hardly likely that they will visit Perth till towards the end of the year. ' 