A CHIG!STMAS STORY. "Bur, 0h I my darting, is there no hope;that your preoious eight will ever be restored ?" " So the doetor says." "You must go to London and get the best advice. We will not despair, yet." Ethel and Stephen Dangerfield were seated side by side and hand cla]peod in hand. 'It was Sunday. Stephen had come out of the hospital, and Ethel hoa come over from the town at which she was playing, about thirty miles off, to see him. They were lovers now. After that heroio resoue, which lhad resulted in blindness, how could it be otherwise; her life was no longer here, it was his; and all the pas sionate love that she had fought against and pont up burst forth with .out restraint.. And it was she who was the wooer. "A few months ago," she said, the first time they were alolel, "you heked me to be yours; and though my heart yearned to you I drove you away, and all the time I loved you. I have no shame in saying so now-loved you with all my soul. For the love of me you have lost God's most preoious gift-eyesight. Henoeforth.Imust be your eyes, if you will have me." We nieed not dwell upon what followed. At first he passionately declared he could not accept such a sacrifice; then he fell at her foot, and, bursting into tears, vowed he was not worthy of her. " Do you know, darling, I have had good news," she said (to go back to the day on which we opened this chapter). "Oh, such good news I Something has happened that may resider me independent; and before I go I mean to tell you all my history my secret-for it need be a secret no longer." " Not yet, please, darling, not yet," he said, with a shudder. "Do not let us talk of secrets ; do not let us go back to the dreadful past; let us only live in the present, or I shall think my happiness too great to last. Lot us bury the past, and if we can, lay its ghosts-though that, I fear, is im possible." row agitated hoe was l His poor soarked face was too much concealed by bandages 'for her to perceive its ex pression, but she could feel his hand grow cold and clammy, and that he was trembling as in an aguo fit. Imputing this emotion to the shna? tered state of his nerves, she made no further reference to the subject; but it was some time before he grew com posed again, and all her efforts could not dispel the gloom that fell upon him. Ethel had to leave by an early train. "I shall come again next Sunday," he said, on going away. "I cannot bear to leave you, though I know the landlady you are with is a kind, good soul. We break up the tour next Saturday, you know, and they expect me home for Christmas. I think you had better come up to London, where we can see one another; and remem ber, I am ready to become your wife whenever you like to aek me." "Oh, my darling, my angel t" he murmured. "It I should lose you." " It will be your own fault if you do," she said, laughingly. " My own fault- yes," he answered, gloomily. Then she tried to rally him out of his morbid fancies, but it was all in vain; and when the time came for her departure he clung to her hand as though he would never release it. "I shall writo you a letter as soon as I get homo, dear," were her last words. And she kept her promise. "'What you would not let me tell you, darling, I must write," she began. And then, as briefly as she could, she told him she was the widow of Mr. George Lister, " of whose dreadful murder a year ago you must have read," and all the rest of the sad -story, together with the good news that had been sent her a few days be. fore. "So now that my good name is cleared," she said, in conclusion, "yon need not be ashamed to call me wife." This letter was posted on the follow. ing morning, and she calculated he would receive it the same evening. The curtain had just fallen upon the second act of the play when Mr. Danhy came round to her and said: "There is a gentleman wishes to see you, Miss Mordaunt; and he asked me to give you this card." "Mr. T. Winch." Ethel was all of a flutter in a mo menrt, thinking something must have gone wrong at home, until it crossed her mind that it was through Tom's researches that the legality of her marriage had been established-I and that it was doubtless something connected with this matter that had brought him down. Her first inquiry," are all well at home ?" soet her heant perfectly at rest, and having no time for conver. sation, she sent Mr. Winch into the boxes to witness the rest of the por formance. Tom had not left London until tho afternoon and had come straight to the theatre; the object of his journey was t, break the strange intelligence that had just boon communicated to him and'see if Ethel could give him any clue to the whereabouts of Paul Harrison alias Stephen Danugerfield. When the performance was over he walked home with her to her lodg ings, but did not broach the subject of his visit until they had sat down to supper. "Did-you not have in your com puny a little time back an actor called Stephei Dangerfield 2" he began. " We did," she answered, her face suddenly becoming searlet. "Have.you any idea whore he is at present ?" "Ohl I. yes." " Where P" eagerly demanded Tom. " Why do you wish to know ?" esh asked, bending over her plate. "Well, then, Tom, I may as well tell you a secrot that will not be a secret many more days. I and Mr. Daugerfield are ou aged to be married." "What I" oxolaimod Winob, drop. pin g his knife and fork upon his plate. " But for Mr. Daugorfiold I should not have boon alive now; he saved me from,thq most dreadful of all deaths in tlio burning of Kirby Theatre, and has loot his eyesight in-good God, PTom I what is theomattor ?" Bho had just caught eight of the -ghaotly pallor of hio faoo as ho sat staring at her with a look of inexpreso iblo horror in his eyeos. Tom Winob was the coolest, moot mattor-of- faot and self-possessed of men, but for some moments this tor rible revelation deprived him of all presence of mind, and he could not opeak until she had repeated the ques tion again and again. " Did you say you wore engaged to -to this man ?" he repeated, slowly. " I am," she answered, indignantly, quite mistaking his meaning. " What is there so very dreadful in that ? Is it booause he is an actor ? Well, I am an aotress, and were he a soavon ger I should consider that my life belonged to him. Did you not hear me say that he had lost his eyesight i rescuing me from the flames, that henoeforth the world is a blank to him? Besides, Mr. Dangerfield is a gentleman and worthy of any woman's love." A groan burst from Winoh's lips, and unable to face the situation, he jumped up, snatohed up his. hat, and would have run out of the room had not Ethel put her back against the door. "Yon must tell me the reason of your strange conduct before you go," sho said; and from orimson her face had changed to white, for she began to feel that there was something more in Tom's manner than she knew of. "I will see you again in the morn ing. I fool rather unwell; don't stop me, there's a dear good soul." She did not move, but kept her eyes that were growing full of terror upon his ashen face. "What you have to say you must say now," she said, determinedly. Then very slowly, " do you know Mr. Dangerfield-or-or anything about him ?" Tom never forgot this awful inter view. Years afterwards he could not speak of it without a shudder. ojme what may he perceived that-ho would be compelled to toll all, that it would be useless to resort to evasion-that she would know. " My poor girl," he said, " you must prepare yourself for something very dreadful-if I had known what I know now I would not have boon hero for a thousand pounds." She was still leaning with her back against the door, with a face like marble and eyes that seemed starting from their sockets. As coherently as he could, for his parched tongue was cleaving to the roof of his mouth, he began by telling her what steps he had taken to trase Geoorge istor's murder. " What has this to do with Stophen Dangerfield ?" she interrupted. "If you will give me time I shall come to that," he answered, wiping the cold drops of perspiration from his brow. After that she-let him proceed, never moving and scarcely seeming to breathe. " If I had been on my own trial for murder," he used to say afterwards, " I could not have suffered more tor ture than I did when telling that story; and when I had pinned to: gether the evidence and told her that Paul Harrison had joined a theatrical company, leaving her to surmnise the rest, she calmly asked me what all this had to do with Stephen Danger. field. " Do you not see ?' I gasped. " She shook her head. " What could I do ? I stood for a moment, and then I blurted out, ' don't you see that Paul Harrison and Stephen Dangerfield are one and the same ?' "It froze my very blood when I heard her buret out into a peal of laughter ; but the next moment she dropped to the ground as if she had been felled. "I called up the landlady, and helped to carry the poor stricken girl np to bed, and a doctor was sent for. " All the night she lay moaning in a half-uneonscious condition, and of course I did not leave the house. "The next morning a letter came for her, and though it was directed in a woman's hand, I guessed who it was from ; and-well, I was trying to bring a murderer to justice, so I opened it. " What a scrawl it was-it had been written without eyes. "' You Lister's wife 1' itran. ' Oh I God, what fatality is this ? Farewell -there is blood between us ; you will never hear of me more.' "Here was the final proof-the man's own confession. " Taking the man's post-mark, I ran off with it at oneoo to the police station and not the police upon Stephen Dangerfiold's track; blind man, scorched by fire, would be easily traced. " After that I was obliged to return to town, intending to send down Lotty to her sister by the next train, for Ethel was still in the same state ; but the landlady was very kind, and I knew she would be all right until her sister arrived." CIAPT?IIR X. Christmas Evo had come round again; the brief day was closing in fast.. There was a bitter easterly wind and a hazy atmosphere, threaten ing snow. Tom Winch was jest preparing to leave the office and make a'rush to catch a train to that town in tho lMid lands where Ethel, still under her sister's oare, lay in a very precarious state. The clerks had departed and Tom was very dolefully seeing that all was safe and secunre when someone entered the office. "Are you Mr. Winch ?" inquired a voice. And in the dim light Tom perceived a man in a thick great-coat, and wearing a low-crowned hat, with a thick etick. "I am, but the office is closed for to-night." " My name is Gardner; I come from Scotland Yard.. I waDt you to aome with me ; something fresh has turned up over the Lister bnsinese," " I am going.down intotthe country. and hanv only just time to catch the train. . What is it? Where do you want me to go ?" "To the infirmary of it. Panoras workhouse, and .there's not a moment to be lost. I can't wait to talk. I'll explain as we go along. I have a cab outside." The man's manner was oo- poremp. tory that Winch could not heritate another moment, and being Christmas time he would be able to get down by `a later train. We will not pause to giv? the. pre liminary, explanation afforded by the deteotive;-but will cappooo they have arrived at the workhonoe infirmary and are standing in one of the woards by the bedeide of a dying man. Btimalants are being administered to him in emall quantities to keep up his fast-failing strength. "I was Mr. Paul Harrison'e eer. vant," he was saying, "and George Lister bribed me to turn traitor. I was in the room when he made my •poor master, who knew no. more what he was doing than an infant, sign a forged name to the cheque; it was I got it oashed, and it was my evidence, given so artfully, that convicted him, and it was I who helped Mr. Lister in all his designo against the poor young lady my master was engaged to. It is that I repent-and not what fol lowed. wten ao ea got his turn served Mr. Lister would pay me only. half what he'd promised, and threatened if I said a word of the truth to turn the tables upon me for a oonspiraoy againet Mr. Harrison. "After that a ourse fell on me-some seoret enemy was always dogging my steps and ruining me wherever I went. At last I did something that brought the law upon me, and I feel sure that Mr. Lister secoretly gave evidence against my oharactor-for he wanted to get me out of the way. I got eight years. When I camo out I hadn't a friend in the world and I fell into bad habits and becamo a ehoeless, tarving vagrant. " And this was all Mr. Lister's work, and I swore I'd have his life for it; though I feool now I was quite mad. at the time, that I brooded over the thought tillit was a monomania.. , "I know where he lived and prowled about the neighborhood, a lonesome spot, till I knew everything about the house and how to get into it, and how he eat up late sometimes of a night in a room opening on the- garden; and this night twelvemonth I put my design into execution. I got in just as it was stated in the papers, over the wall. "Just as I was oreeping up to. wards the house I heard a sound as if somebody was getting over the wall that divides his and the next garden. It was moonlight and I saw a man jump down and creep stealthily to wards the house. I followed him ata little distance, crawling on my hands and knees in the behdow of the shrubs, wondering what it could moan. " Then I heard the glass-door that the light was shining through open, and Lieter came out and said, "who's there ?' A movement from the tres passer I suppose guided him, for the next moment the two men had grappled. 'You scoundrel, what do. you do hereo ? who are you ?' I hoard Lister say. I was now close to them, but the bushes were between us. A savage fury seized upon me. I had my knife in my hand; my bare feet made no sound. I sprang up, wound my arm round Lister's neck as he held the other man, and then plunged my knife into him again and again and again. It was all in the dark and the other man fled, and when Lister was quite still so did I, and 1 took off my ragged, blood-atained jaoket and buried it-then I--I " But the power of speech in the wretohed man was now exhausted and he fell bask fainting upon his pillow. 