THE ATHANASIAN GREED. denounced by an english cleric. as a "barbaric hymn." AN ENGLISH CHURCH SENSATION. LONDON, Monday Afternoon.— Canon Joseph Armitage Robinson created a sensa tion iu a sennou at St. Margaret's, West minster, on Easter Sunday, by denouncing IJJl JXlliuwUQJUii vL LLU. The rev. gentleman said that the celebrated work of St. Atliauasius was no real creed, but simply the hymn, written in a barbaric age, of people rejoicing in a victory over the Arinns. Nowadays, said Canon Robinson, portions of the Atlianasian Creed were not endorsed. Numbers of the congregation left the church to show their disapproval of the Canon's statements. Canon Joseph Armitago Robinson Is a Fellow of Christ College, Cambridge, a B.A., M.A., B.D., and D.D., of Cambridge; Hon. Doctor of Philo sophy, University of Gottlngen; Hon. Doctor of Theology, University of Halle; Norrlsiau Profes sor of Divinity at Cambridge. ' He made a sen sation In 18S8 by tho publication of "A Collection of tho Athos Codex of the Shepherd of Hermas," tho manuscript of which ho discovered. Ho Is also tho author of an appendix to tho "Apology of Arlstides," tho "Passion of St. Perpetua," tho "Plillocalla of Orlgen," and "Euthallana" (Texts and Studies). Any statement from htm is bound to attract attention. The following is tho Athanaslan Creed as it appears In tho Book of Common Prayer: — "Who- sover will bo saved: before all things It is neces sary that he hold tho Calholick Faith. Which Faith except every one do keep whole and undo- iiled: without doubt he shall perish everlastingly. And tho Catholick Faith is this: That wo worship ono God iu Trinity, and Trinity in Unity. Nol- Uier confounding the Persons: nor dividing tho Substance. For there Is ono Person of tho Father, another of tho Son, and another of the Holy Ghost. But tho Godhead of tho Father, of tlio Sou, and of tbo Holy Ghost Is all one: tho Glory equal, tho Majesty co- eternal. Such as tho Father is, such Is the Son: and such is tho Holy Ghost. Tlio Father unercate, tlio Son un- croate: and tho Holy Ghost uncreate. The Father incomprehensible, tho Son Incomprehensible: and the Holy Ghost incomprehensible. Tlio Father ctcrnul, the Son eternal: and Holy Ghost eternal. And yet they aro not threo eternals; but one eternal. As also thero aro net threo incom- prohensibles, nor threo uncreated: but one un created, and ono Incomprehensible. So likewiso tlie Father is Almighty, tho Son Almighty, ajd tho Holy Ghost Almighty. And yet thero ai-e not threo Almighties, but one Almighty. So tho Father is God, tho Son is God, and the Holy Ghost Is God. And yet thero are not threo Gods, but ono God. So likewise the Father Is Lord, the Son Lord, and tho Holy Ghost Lord. Aud yet not threo Lords, but ono Lord. For like as we aro compelled by tho Christian verity to acknowledge every Person by himself to be God and Lord, so are wo forbidden by tho Catholick Religion to say, Thero bo three Gods, or threo Lords, Tho Father is mado of none, neither created, nor begotten. The Son Is of tlio Father alcne: not made, nor created, but begotten. The Holy Ghost is of tho Father and of tho Son: neither made, nor created, nor begotten, but proceeding. So there Is ono Father, not threo Fathers; ono Son, not three Sons; one Holy Ghost, not threo Holy Ghosts. And in this Trinity none is aforo or after othor; none Is greater, or less, than another; but tho whole tbreo Persons aro co-etornal together; and co equal. So that in all things, as is aforesaid, tho Unity In Trinity and tho Trinity In Unity is to bo worshipped. Ho therefore that will he saved, must thus think of the Trinity. Further more, it Is necessary to everlasting salvation, that he also bellevo rightly tho Incarnation of our Lord Jesus Christ. For tho right Faith is, that we believe and confess: that our Lord Jesus Christ, tho Son of God, is God and Man. God, of the Substance of tho Father, begotten before the worlds: and Man, or tho Substance of his mother, born in the world. Perfect God, and perfect Man: of a reasonable soul and human flesh subsisting. Equal to tho Father, as touch ing his Godhead: and inferior to the Father, as touching his Manhood. Who although ho ho God and Mnn; yet ho is not two, but one Christ. One; not by conversion of tho Godhead Into flesh ; but by taking of the Manhood into God. Ono altogether; not by confusion of Substance; but ono unity of Person. For as the reasonable soul and flesh is one man; so God and Man Is one Christ; who suffered -foil our salvation; descended Into hell, rose again the third day from tho dead. Ho ascended into heaven: he sitteth on the right hand of tho 'Father, God Almighty: from whence he shall como to judge the qutclc and tho dead. At whose coming all men shall rise again with their bodies, and shall give accounts for their own works. And they that havo done good shall go into life everlasting, and they that have done evil Into everlasting fire. This is tho Catholic faith, which, except a man believe faithfully, he cannot be saved. Glory ho to the Father, and to tho Son, and to tho Holy Ghost. As It was in tho beginning. Is now, and evor shall be, world without end, Amen." The Atlianasian Creed, tho third of the three Oecumenical symbols, derived its name from Us composition being attributed to Athanasius; it is also known from Its initial words in Latin as the creed or psalm "Qulcunque vult." Modern criticism has called In question the title of Atha nasius to be considered tho author #f this creed. It was known as early as tho beginning of the sixth century, but not under Its present name. Athanasius himself makes no mention of this creed, although its doctrines aro essentially his, nor do any of the Church fathers. Other two circumstances speak against its ascription to Athanasius; tho best text is in Latin, and ho wrote in Greek. Tho expressions, again, are different from thoso used by Athanasius in speaking of tlio samo things. By Protestants therefore, and even by most Catholics, its Athanaslan origin has been given up, and its production has been as signed, with most probability, to tho fifth century and to Gaul. The title of Atliana sian. it is thought, probably became attached to it during tho Arian controversy In Gaul, as be ing an exposition of tlio system of doctrine, which was opposed to the Arian system, and which would naturally bo called Athanaslan from Its chief propounded It was received Into tho public offices of the Gaulle Church in tho seventh century, aud by the middle of tile tonth cen tury it was adopted at Rome and all over the West. In Britain, it' was probably in use as early as 800. The Greek Church was late in re ceiving it, and even then not without modifying the article concerning tho "procession of tho Holy Ghost." The Reformers adhered to tho Athanaslan Creed, and Luther called it "a bulwark of tho Apostles Creed." Tho Athanaslan Creed is tho most rigid of tho three Catholic symbols, and has given riso to much controversy.- Though still generally re ceived by Protestants as well as Catholics, at tacks upon It have been moro frequent of lato veal's. It has no placo In tho prayer-book of the Protestant Episcopal Church of America, and tho Protestant Church of Ireland, though retaining It In the Prayer Book, has coascd to recite it. The points In this creed that givo offence to some are defended by others on tho plea that It was not drawn up for the aako of gratuitously dogmatising on abstruse specula tive truths, but to counteract other dogmas which were held to be dangerously heretical. With re spect to what aro called "damnatory clauses" (the clauses, namoly, "which faitli except everyone do keep whole and undollled, without doubt he shall -perish everlastingly;" and "this is the Catholic faith, which, except a man believe faithfully, ho cannot bo saved"), it Jias been pointed out that the Churches which adopt the Creed do not mean by them to imprecate curses, hut to declare as a logical sequence of a true faith, being necessary to salvation, that thoso who consciously and deli berately reject the true faith are In danger of perishing. ___________ 