A CHALLENGED BOOK ! THE REV. S. HECTOR FERGUSON'S WOIIK. " Spiritual law through the natural world " is the title of an interesting little volumo by the Rev. S. Hector Ferguson, Presbyterian minister of Northeote, Melbourne. In eight cbaptors, it deals with: The human Soul, Resurrection, The spiritual world, Judgment, The Trinity, Tho Atonement, Justification by faith, and Forgiveness. Of the Soul, he says: . | The body.. 13 not a easement for tho soul . the two are merged, tho soul in tho body, and the body m the soul. . The soul is tho real man, and in the material body or out of it he ovor remains a human being. In the material world or the spiritual he is possessed of thoso Godlike qualities of reason,judgment, raemorj will and love, and these usually associated with head and heart constitute his spirit. There is no method of knowing of what Bpirit a man is except by the manifestation of these qualities. These again differ from tho spiritual body to as great an extent as the brain and heart differ from the rest of tho material body. Dealing with " The Spiritual World," the author inclines to the belief in a sort of purgatory. He says : King David speaks of the lowest Sheol, translated 1 lowest hell/' so if tliero bo a lowest there must also he a highest. In the Scrip tures wo read of separate regions into which souls of men go. We conclude, therefore, that those regions differ from one another in a degree which corresponds with their names. The Jews held that a kind of inferior Paradise was situated in the unDer part of Hades, so when Jesus said to the dying malefactor, " To day shalt thou bo with mo in Paradise," Ho utedlauguago which the Jow could understand. We may rest assured that tho departed Jew awoke m a Paradise well worthy 6f the name. This Paradise was not Heaven, for Jesus did not ascend into Heaven upon that day. To Mary, at the tomb, ho said, '' Touch me not, for 1 am not yet ascended to my Father," nor did Ho ascend to the Father for yet 40 days. . . Hades, then, is no purgatorial prison where souls are tortured into submission by the power of cleansing fire; but a condition where the good in man may be developed or the evil confirmed, according to his bent. Xt is, probably, the author's definition of tho Trinity that has chiefly caused him to be cited before the Presbytery on a charge of heresy. He says: .. The Trinity, as a doctrino of the Church, was first formulated at tho Council of Nice in the year 325 a.d. Previous to tliat date 'Bod in tliree persons .was unknown. In the so called Apostles' Creed, which is the oldest symbol, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost aro mentioned by name, but they are not referred to as threo persons. Mohammedanism and Unitananism represent a revolt against this doctrine of threo persons in the Godhead. Tho motto of the one is: .' There is one God and Mohammed is His prophet;" and the creed of tho other is: "Hear, 0 Israel, the Lord our God 13 one Lord." 'lhe doctrine of thoTrinitv takes such a prominent place in theology, and is confessedly such a dark mystery, that its acccptance, or at least its professed acceptance has opened the way to many so-called mysteries. It is tho aim of this chapter to bring the doctrine of " Tiireo Persons in One " under the hlazo of God's Word, as a sacred Bearch light; and if it can stand that test it will prove itself to be a worthy symbol of truth. Wo anticipate, however, that before the light of divine truth this unsubstantial doctrine will vanish, as ghosts aro said to vanish before the rising sun. Let it bo under stood at the outset that wo do not for ono moment deny tho doctrine of the Trinity m God. We" only repudiate a trinity of persons m the ordinary sense of the word " person " i.e., a being or individual. In the first place, the Bible gives no counten ance to the doctrine of threo persons in the Godhead. It is nowhere stated that the Spirit is a person distinct from the Father, or that Jesus is a person distinct from the Father. It does seem at first sight that such a conclusion could be logically drawn, but on closer ex amination the promises fail, and wo find the conclusion illogical. It is to be understood that Jesus is human, although in His divine nature He is God, as acknowledged in all evangelical churches. As a man, it " behoved .Him to be made like unto His brethren," but without sin. When Jesus says, " Of miue own self I can do nothing," then it is tho human, not the divino; tho divino could not speak thus. But when He says, " The words that I speak unto you they aro spirit and they are life," He speaks as God: it is God who speaks. When He says, " Father, forgive them," we hear tho human voice; when ho says, " Peace, be still " we hear tho divine. Tho Catechism teaches that He had two distinct natures. Keep that statement in view and all difficulties, such as the Son praying to the Father, will disapDear. The third mernbor of. tho Trinity did not assume human nature like Jesus, consequently wo have this' remarkable fact to note, that He has never once Bpoken to tho Father nor to the Son. One should legitimately expect that if the bpirit were a different nerson from the Son and from the Father, He would speak to them sometimes. Tho Catechism would be j Scriptural on this subjoct if its statement wore as follows : tl There are three characters or subsistences in God,, the Father, tho Son, and the Holy Spirit, and these threo aro one, con stituting one and the same peraonal God." We have not 6pace to quoto further, bnt tho following from the preface indicates the attitude of tho author. He says: This volume is an attempt to correct miscon ceptions and to expose errors in popular theology by laying them open to the clear light of reason and the Word of God. If its criticism is destructive it is also constructive. If it seeks to undermino the flimsy foundation upon which somo aro resting, it desires like wiso to substitute for that foundation the eternal rock of trutb. It is an effort to rise from material shadows to great spiritual reali ties, from Plato's dark cave to the glorious sunlight of God. It may stirup opposition' from tho votaries of roligious traditionalism and from thoso who build their faith solely on creeds, but it will - never offend tho earnest seeker after truth. . The book, which is oxcitiug consider able attention in the religious world, .may be obtained nt Piirdie's, Moorabool atreet. - 