A TALE OF HORROR. A gentleman name Lendbetter, a bopmer chant, resident in one of tbe western couutieB, bad for mauy years made a practice of attend ing tho great annual fair at Weybill, as a pur chaser of tbe commodity in wbich he chiefly dealt. It happened on one occasion, that be arrived at the inn to wbich be always went, some hours later than usual ; and on going into the house he learned, to bis regret, tbat so much sompany had arrived before bim, that every bed was ergaged. Rather than go to any house to which he was a stranger, he determined to havo a bed made upon some chairs in tbe travel lers' room. Mrs. Sy.mouds, tbe landlady, watt about to curry this arrangement into effect*, when she happened to recollect that there was an ostler, 's room in tbe yard, wbich possibly Mr. Leadbetter might prdter to sleepiug in a room where be might be liable to be disturbed very early iu tho morning. To this the gentleman williug acceded; aud afterkorae short time, be passed up tho gallery in the yard wbieh led to the apart meut, aud retired to bed. Sleep lent its leaden influence soon to tbe weary traveller, and he reposed soundly, uutil a strange noise in the gallery which be bad ascended, roused bim'into sense again. The noise was that of au extremely heavy footstep. Mr. Leadbetter counted every step ; aud, to bis alarm, the sound increased, until the causo of it reached the door of his apartment. In an instant a tall and gaunt figure entered the room, with a oandle in one haod, aud a butcher's knife in the other. Mr. L. attempted to speak, but bis V/ice failed bim, and the figure approached the bed. It shcok the borror-slrickeu man ; theu drew the 'knife several limes across his own throat ; went to a table in tLe roou», set down the light, and immediately quitted the place Mr. Leadbetttr brgau to breathe again ; 1 he imagined, after a few minutes, that he must have been dream ing ; and yet, tho candle and candlestick on ' the table were no phantoms, they were palpable realities. He instantly rose with an intent to lock tbe door, but found tbat it was without lock or bolt, and that there was nothing else in the room but tbe bedstead of any weight. A s this fortunately ran on casters, be rolled it to tbe door, and thinking himself .then tolerably safe from' further intrusion,* be endeavoured to go to skep again. But sleep would no more revisit his eyelids ; and be lay tossiug about uutil, in about au hour, be heard tbe same sounds which bad before alarmed him, renewed on the gallery stairs, and in a few seconds, tho door of his room being pushed with great violence, bis bed was rolled into tbe middle of the apurtmcut, and again i he horrid figure stood bcre I im ! The facultits of speech and motion now forsook him quite ; the figure shook biin again with firrce gesticulation, and again drawing the knife across its throat. Mr. Lead better obsuved that marks of blood were on tbe blade, which wero not there bufore ! It theu passod awa- from tne room, aud the remainder of Mr. Lealbetter'u sense fieri with it ; he sweohed and remained for Eoine time insensible. As soon as he came to himself be put on his elnlhRa with the bo^t sneed his ncitntion would allow, and descended into tLe yard of Ihe iuu. | In a stable there he saw a light, and ou approaching it, found a mun dressing dewu some horses, to whom he communicated that something particular had happened, and that be must bare Mr. and Mrs Symouds ctlled up 1 immediately,. The landlord came down ; and on expressing his apprehension that Mr. Leud better wus very ill, »s bis looks seemed lo indi cate, was iufnrined tbat indtcd he was not well. Mr. L. proceeded tu relate all thut hnppeued to him, and concludcd by expressing bis firm con viction that some horrible murder had been committed ou the premises in the night, Mr. Symonds on hearing the tale, was scarcely less alarmed tbau the relator. The house was quickly roused by the terrors of tbe host and boaters ; aud the busiutss ot tho fair was almost forgotten in the wouder excited bv the story, wbich lost nothing by repetition to the several guestB of the inu, os. they suc cessively inquired iuto'tbe nauso of the early disturbance. At six o'ciook the ostler, whose room Mr. L. had occupied, orrivod from a lodging wbich bo had got iu the town, ou being turuod out of bis usual bed. Much pleubure wns ixpressedon seeiug him; aud ou the story being told him, *4 Why,' said he, 44 I'll lay my life I know the ghost very well ; it was tbe deaf nud dumb fellow tbat comes to help me to kill the pigs, ami who always comes up to my room to call me when we have oue to kill '' Tbe murder was cut ! It was indeed tbe deaf and dumb fellow, wbo had made an appoiutmeut with the ostler to kill ti pig at four o'clock in tbe morning, and who, thinking the ostler lazy ; bad gone iicst to awaken bim, and a second time for tbe same purpose after he had stuck tho pig. 