The Home. By Way of Protest. How forlorn and dreary Is the thought that for most of us It will not be enough to die once-^-to have It said of us, as of one gone hence in summer, ' His pai1* in all the pomp that fills The circuit of the summer hills ? Is that his grave Is green.' But that in addition to giving up the dear life we love, the work, the wages, the people we oare for, the bright pleasures and Joyous activities, we must also be dropped for ever from the family talk, our names shunned, our little ways for gotten, till the places that now know us will literally soon know us no more. ' Don't speak of ? to her mother ; she cannot bear it,' we say, In tender fear lest we Shall lay a rough finger on an aching wound, ' Don't stir up the grief of that child ; let her go on her light hearted way, and forget tier mother (or her father.)' ' Don't allude to ? ; her people are not able to talk about her.' ,And so It goes, from one to another, always the motive one of gen tleness, kindness, love, and always the result the same— a. gradual and imper ceptible but relentless obliteration of the personality that was lately vital, Im portant, and dominant. One would suppose It a crime or a blunder on the part of the dead to have gone away, leaving themselves so help less that they cannot raise even the wan ghost of opposition to the oblivion which Is their portion. Are they not twice dead, these beloved ones, of whom we never speak, whose little jests and quips we no longer' revive, wihose portion It is to be dismissed from the table, the drawing-room, the walk, the drive, from the congregations of men, as If they had never existed ? ? Tet by a singular parodox our for gotten dead refuse to be dismissed and ignored ; this babe In your arms has the trick of eyebrow, the turn of head, which belonged to her grandmother. That college boy has the manner, the pose, the bearing of the young uncle who passed away at Gettysburg, and was buried on the field. Family traits will not be blotted out ; they are Im perlshably alive. One's follies, faults, tempers, as well as one's physical pecu liarities, are ' revived and reappear in successive generations. We die, but It is in a way as last year's flowers died ; others as fair shall step into our vacant places, and, lo ! the places will not be vacant ; the game will go on ; the music, .the laughter, the dancing feet, the wed ding march, the cradle Joy, all will come again. Yet why must it be, for us and for ours, that, once burled, we who did love and do remember them should avoid their very mention ? One loves to think of dear fatherless children, who always In the nightly prayers still ask God ' to bleas papa.' Why not ? ' God's In his heaven ; All's right In all worlds.' — ' Harper's Bazar.' 