NOVEL. The fonder-Iitcli bj m, c. McClelland, GHSlPTER VII. — (Continued..) . ' Did yon do anything to help him ?' she questioned. - A sudden forlornness settled like a cloud on the elder woman's faoe. She seemed aloof and isolated. ' Ahar was a box m ther house, and I fulled it with pine- tags, and Bpread Kit's west it over 'em, far a cradle,' she said, humbly. ' Pine-tags is healthy to. sleep on. I 'Iowa to cock up a passel of vittles whenst I gits home aud send my ole man down with 'em. 1 ain't no nnsa myself, being nervy and 'feard to handle doctor's track. Ill git word aboat, too, so ther child kin be keered for.' Bath held back words nearly spoken, and substituted others. In the background of the old woman's life was a tragedy, in which a mistake in the giving of medicine had resulted fatally to one she loved. This con fession of incapacity was an indirect allusion to it, and the first that Bath had ever, heard her make. A swift com passion filled her, and she hastened to assume the responsibility too great for these other hands. You did wisely to mention this matter to me,' she said, gently. ' We are mnoh nearer to hollow than the other neighbors, and the honse is on onr land. I'll go over myself and see about the child. Mammy can tell me what to do. She knows all about babies. T wish she oould go with me, but she's bed ridden with rheumatism. Can you get word to the dootor, do you think P I must take Tony with me to carry some bedding and other things which mu«t be needed.' \- To be sure she oould, Mrs Wheat declared. Indeed, a visit to the Tazeweils was part of her day's programme. Mrs Tazewell wished to have a rag oarpet 'made for ker upper hall, and had given the job to Mrs Wheat, who was the best carpet- weave? in the oounty. A consultation aboat rags and dye stuffs was necessary : so the old woman oould kill two birds with one stone. '.VI'll start the word round 'boafn Kit likewise,' she affirmed, as she donned the yellow sun-bonnet and rose, to depart. You'll git help afore sundown. Mandy Turner's prime hu'ss, and I'll step by to see her. Maybe shell oume for the night— her, or Sarah Carter. I'lll name it to both Good-day, Miss Ruth. I 'owed Kit conld count on gitting help from here fast, being as thevail played 'long of your all, and fit long of yon-all too ' When her foot was fairly in the path, the old woman delayed her g ing to give Bu'h another itemni news, overlooked in stress ol . greater matter : ' 'Twas named at the sto' yeatiddy that thar war company at Tazewell's ; . not ther New York gal, nother. She' ve been thar some time, and liable to stay, being satisfied 'long of we-all's vittles. Tois here's a man; Come yestiddy by train. Jim Bryant seed him, and 'lowed he war straight and lusty. \- 1 ain't beam whether he fetohed a ohist or come in a bundle. Jim studied out 'twas ther New York gat's beau.' CHAPTER VIII. : -True to her promise, Beth Bet out abou'. her preparations at speed. While ' the negro boy T<my saddled the horses she interviewed mammy as to things required ' for' a srckihfant, and got them, together. ' At the bid woman's snggestion, too, she / investigated an old cheat of drawers in her -.mother's room, and selected from the hoard of haif-worn but sentimentally preserved baby-linen each articles as might be needfal. -After its long, man- tended journey, the little one's sanitary condition was likely to be deplorable . Sue packed up also a boitle of milk, white sugar, and a few heavier provisions for Kit's sustenance, adding at the last a few odd bits of crockery. ' That poor creature has come baok to bare walls ana naught else,' she mused, while nabtnnt. hbw nnllcaPlAn i Anv ru?/)a a«ii4 iann the Geutrya may have left vagrant negroes have snapped up long ago, of course. I'll take a frying-pan and a coffee-pot, too, as well as a couple of oomforta. For the rest, of the necessaries ' Kit must levy on other neighbors, until he can make definite srangementa.' The ride through the woods was enjoy able, for the atmosphere was bracing from the light frost of die previous night, and redolent with rich autumn odors. Wild grape-vines netted the roadside, heavy wi:h ttnin black clusters; ihe pa/simmon- tress showed a thiok etuddipg of tawny fruit upon every bare twig, and in sheltered nooks and low places eupnoibia blossomed, lilac and white and scarlet love- viae' tangled glor iously, actf belated ' black, eyed Scsans made sun-ct patoHes ot color. Beside the pathway mand-it-d u.briHfc u-ouutaiu b Ook, stone- st t, and iritg:d oo' its witn wild gentian and iein, witu a loiuer top-gro wth dogwood, sassafras, and -.waterpoplar I, shoots, amidst thiokets' of spieewood . and marsh w,illdws. Overhead gray squirrels leaped nimbly among the branches, and deftly popped . nuts. into knot-holes and crannies, garnering the wocd harvest with thrift. 'Along the pathway ahead a rabbit loped slowly, and Ruth put her horse into a run for the pleasure ' of seeing the oreature mend Ms paoe to long leaps, and then dart sideways' into the b'uBhes, where his brown for made him indistingaishable. from the fallen leaves aB he squatted in form, with bis obtton- tail hidden. When Ruth entered' the clearing in which the cabin stood, the sun had passed the meridian and the light-rays were slanted to an angle whioh bronght out the -soft grave and browns of the old logs, the red of the day chinking, and the mellow duskiness of the shingles, with definite sharpness. A light fine of smoke rose from the ohimney and lay in aerial spirals against a baok gronnd of forest. Bath dismounted at the rough porch, bidding Tony hitch the horseB and bring in the basket and bedding. Despite Mrs Wheat's preparations, the interior of the cabin chilled her by its pervasive atmosphere of desolation. The door of the shed-room, at the baok, hung forlornly open, giving a continuation of' the dirt and barrenness whioh seemed to intensify it. Through the door-way and the unsatisfactory small- paned window the light entered hardly, and in oross- currents. The unBightlinesa of the place was inoreaBed by a papering of news paper illustrations ail over one side, largely shredded, and hanging with; the grimy, pasted eide outmost. These tuu&vory; decorations the breeze ' toyed with, shaking them about, and producing 'with them a clever imitation of the souffling and scratch ing of rats, The only point of redemption in the soene were the hearth, whioh had been swept olean with a' pine bongh, and the fireplace, wherein was a low blaze, Rnrmonntinff hriirhfc amhAM. On one side of the hearth was a rough benoh, formerly tried as a support for the ' bee gums," and beside it the box converted by Mrs Wheat into a bed for the ohild. Aa the door darkened with the entering guest, Kit Gantry rose' and : facecLit. He was a short, thiok set man, and stood awkwardly by reason of the wooden pin whioh supplied the plaoe of his left leg, gone from the knee down. His faoe was care worn and ragged, with ail obstinate mouth, and a look of hopelessness in his eyes which required but little to turn it into desperation. 1 With luok against hiin' . seemed written all over the man. He had a child's nursing bottle in his hand, and the brim ; of his Bhabby wool hat was flattened against the crown, so as to leave sight unimpeded. Bath oome forward at onoe, with extended hand and pleasant wordB of greeting. . , \- ' Mrs Wheat told me about your getting home last night and finding no ons,' she explained, ' and also that the baby was aiok. I oaine over to see if I could help you.' There was in- her tone and manner ho hint of patronage, only straightforward kindness as from one human being to another. The hard lines about the man's month relaxed a little, and the gloom in his eyes lifted," 'I'm obleeged to yon,' he replied, simply ; ' and ther ohile needs women- folks' rheeriog badly. He air fevered some, and, he v. been fur a week. He's done qhit relishing his vittles. 'Twar a hard libk finding: all my flitted. I—' He paused abruptly, and gazed straight away, over her head. It was all'hard, every hit of it,' assented' Bath, gently. 'Mrs Wheat "told me, and I'm sorrier than I can tell you. We played ! together, you know . It was a womanly touch, and made just difference between pity aud.eympathy. " The rough fellow had fineness enough to appre ciate it. His lips twitched and his eyes , moistened. He made no response in words, but he let her" take the child's bottle from his hand and assume undisputed authority. Perhaps the milk is sour,' she suggested. ' That may be the reason he won't take it. Have you tasted it P' ' Naw'm, the father -admitted. « I p'intly do despise sweet milk myself, so I never thought about sampling his'n.' Buth smiled superior and emptied the ooatents of the bottle behind the fire; It was of the gravest importance, she assured him, that infants' food should be pure and fresh. Then she despatched' him to the spring for water and turned to the child..' It was ourled, like a kitten, oh its father's vest in the box of aromatic pine-tags, and covered with a cheeked, shawl whioh ' Ruth recognized as belonging to Mrs Wheat,. It was miserably puny, with purple! veins showing under its pallid skin, and great, dark shadows under its eyes. Its little frame seemed to Buth nothing but a skeleton ; its hands were like birds' claws, and its olothing was stiff, unoomfortable, and ' malodorous. Jut for the need of more practical compass ion, Ruth oould have wept over it. Even to her unpraotised eyeB the stress of the little one appeared extreme, and she summoned Tony and despatched him at once for Dr Tazswell, bidding him follow should the dootor be from home. It would not do now to trust, to M" Wheat, she decided. The old woman was on foot, and, besides, would probably loiter and gossip by . the wayside. Buth found a battered tin basin, and an empty tomato can, both water tight, in the shed room, and, oat of sheer womanly revolt at the little one's appearanoe, did the beat thing possible for him— that is, 'administered a hot bath and a change of raiment. 'Don't you think be looks better?' she inquired of Kit, who hsd withdrawn to the wood pile during the ablutions. 'I dunno,' the man answered, with buoollo bluntness. 'He's a sight oleaner, end better by that mnoh. To me, he don't favor nothing 'cept a freah-hatohed catbird. He don't hardly ape human.' Whioh was so absolute a verity that it made Bath wince. The child refused his food fretfully wailing in a piteous undertone.' After a while he dropped into a doze, which gradually deepened to stupor ; his pulse became small, quick, and irregular ; he coughed a little, feebly and spasmodically, and his Bkin seemed almost to sear Bath's cool hand when she touobed it. Time passed, and her anxiety deepened. She glanced aeross at the ohild's father, who avoided her eye and slonohed forward with ' his elbows oh his knees and his face set hard. He understood that whioh was .passing through her mind by its reflex en his own. Pain quickens even ordinary intelligence to aonteoess. ' About three o'olook cams the welcome clatter of hoofs, and Gentry rose awkwardly and hurried out to meet the dootor. Buth faced the door expeotantlp, her head lifted. The sun had rounded!, the oorner of the honse, and its beams slanted throngh the soiled window-panes, tonohing the woman's hair, and slipping downward to rest on the brow of the babe on her knee. Through the door-way entered a stranger — a tall, square shouldered man, with hazel eyes under long laahes, and a heavy brown beard. — — CHAPTER IX- Ruth's look proclaimed her disappoint ment. Medical aid was so sorely wanted A quiver passed over her faoe. The stranger oome forward and reassured her. ' Dr Tazewell was from home when the messenger arrived,'' he explained. 'The oaee seemed urgent, so I took the liberty of coming in Ira stead. Mrs Tazewell advised it. She'd been talking with an old woman who >vus excited about this ohild. You can trust ma. I am a dootor.' In her relief, Ruth smiled up at him cordially. It was -good of you to come,' she said. Tois baby seems very ill.' Sie made room on the beech beside her, aud the physician sat down and bent over the ohi'd on her l»p- 't , 'Hj# long has he been comatose?' in quired, after a rapidexaminalgop. 'Two hours certainly,' she responded. ' Soon after I got here— about half-past twelve— he began fretting, a feeble, miser able wail. He was dirty and nnoomfortable, so I took off his olotmng and game him a hot bath. Was that wrong ?' ' f No; the best thing possible, if you'd only gone further and given him some whiskey and milk. Have you a eup and spoon oonvenient, and a little milk?' Ruth indicated the basket on the other side of the hearth. The dootor helped him self deftly, mixed a mild-toddy with a. portion of the contents of his own pooket- ' flask, and administered' a spoonful or two to the patient. Then he arranged the box more oomfortably, with one of Ruth's quilts, and took the ohild from her. . ' Leave him there for a while,' he directed. ' It is better for him than being held. Now, what did you do with that olothing P' Ruth pointed out a dingy little heap behind the benoh on which she was seated, and watched thiB masterful 'stranger a trifle ouriously while ho fished the things out with a bit of kindling-wood and toBsed them into the fire. He seemed to her even more direct and forceful than is usual with his oraft. ' Is the disease contagious r' she inquired. ' Not at all,' he answered; ' It is gastric fever. But there is ho tellifig what infection the child has been exposed to. Mrs Taze well gave me to understand that the mother is dead and that the father carried the baby from Georgia in his arms. Is that so?' Ruth bowed assent, and then gave him the story, briefly, in outline. The prinoipa aotor in it was busy with the dootors horse, whioh had been ridden at speed, but .he' might enter at any moment. The pathos' of it Btruok her anew. 'These people have been oonneoted with us for years; and have lived on onr land,' she volunteered, in explanation of her own own intrusion into the affair. ' This man's father was my father's overseer, and we. ohlldfflfl nlftVArl fAMfliaii ' Tf miana -nia dr eadf ully to hear of the : trouble. "He had no money, and it was the only way opeaxtb keep his promise to his. dead wife. tyjLyjahti notice that he ie -oripplcd ?; 'Then tlfiiik o iiis getting hore .lsst night to find afi" empty! honse and' a oold hearthstone; Was it hot! hard?' '--7. : £ Her eyes filled as she spoke : Bhe had, for,;' the instant, lost sight of the. faot that he was a stranger, and'.lifted her.'glance.to him as - frankly and nnbbnsoiofiBly as k' ohild might; have. done. Thfc dootor , retuned her gaze for half .a seoondiaad thehlooked away. A tender- na tared woman, heijleoided. and dud whose heart was jprone 'to pull the wool oyer the eyes of her reason. And, man-, ake, he admired --her.-, for it j feeling more drawn to her .thaiiTicK any woman he had metior years. It ieneverthe woman with; : SPRt-ies'whageia !the flrmeOt hold upon man. ; r ' . 'The' experience wasf . pretty rough,' he. admitted. ' ' But the 'fellow would . havje.' showu more tenderness by less preoipitationi> The child was too yonng.' ' ' - Hath was instantly . on the defensive. . 4 He oonld - not knowj' she . declared. ' An ignorant man, wito no experience with; babies.- His thought was'.pf Lin promise and' . of his wife's"1 wish.- 'According to his 'light, he did hif best.' 1 v ' Illogical and partisan,' thought the' dootor; 'a' thorough woman. I wdnld ; not' be surprised if she has baokwoods jprejudioes; in favor of domestic duties, the , supremkey) of man,- and a' hereafter " of rewards and punishments. About haif a dozen .y ears of individualism and dominanok of the .ego, this . sort of tffing is refreshing.' ; 1 J- y Alond he 1 made no oomment, for Kit; | Gentry stumped in with an armfni of . w ood | for the fire, and was promptly "pounoed on by the medioal man and ; put through a cross- examination as to th ".ohild's previous' conditions, and symptoms. In the oourse of the talk it transpired that Kit," in his home ward progress, had passed through two infeoted regions ' one, a town iu central Georgia where yellow fever had been pre valent,; and another, in North Garolina, where there had been several burials from/ smallrpox. If the fellow kad set oat on . a genn-qaest, it did not seem, to one of his hearers, as though fuller , or more varied opportunities would have been heoessary. And the faot -that,v aoooidihg ' to his own account, Kit-had ' oome a-inihping through like a snake hunted hop- frog,'1 the 'moment ho beoame aware of the presence of disease in a locality, did. not, in the medical mind, render the situation innoouous." To' the doctor, for the nonoe, the tragipathetie mountaineer was degraded into a peram bulating germ-distributor; He ohewed the . end- of : his mouataohe as he listened, and -before Kit, iu recital, had hopped safely away., from the sebond infeotion, he was busy emptying his pookets of the: bottles of bismuth, daloinel, and other possibly: needed drags, -with whioh Mrs Tazewell had loaded him, in searoh of the prayer and disinfeotants with whioh he had provided himself. 1 Ruth, watched him with interest. ' Her dhief: knowledge of antiseptics was derived from Dr Tazewell's diatribes' against that whioh he was pleased to designate as the 'idiotic euperfiuity' of Professor Lister's theory. When he had. diluted his oarbolie aoid to . his mind, the dootor advanoed upon Bu'h with the preoision and force of a conquering army. . ' Be so good as to stand in the light;' young lady,' he ordered, while I disinfect you;' whioh he proceeded to do, system atically, and from the throat down. ' It is the ounce ! of preventi in, ' quoth he, ' arid yon. held the' baby in your lap, of conrse, while you changed him, and very possibly handled his clothing afterwards.' He oiroled around her at short range, and Ruth lifted her eyea to him with a laugh in . them. . His head was a trifle onward, and his. eyes intent on his work, for he wsb directing the fall of . the atomized drag on her bosom and shoulders. Something in his position, the sweep of Ma lashes, the baanty of his forehead, or the mutinous fall of a slightly grayed look of hair aoroBs it, touohed, in a shawdy way, a well-nigh intangible assooiatibn. It -was as though the ghost of a. forgotten harmony of the. faintest suggestion of a onoe-liked perfume had been reflexed froiu the infinite upon the woman's spiritual Benses. The passing was instantaneous, a Wind blown skiver of mist, but it modified the expression of. the eyes nplifted to the pbyeioian's grave face, and also inveated that faoe with an interest other than the situation called for— an interest utterly removed from that esoteric afflatus which, humanity, for want of a finer definition, calls sexual attrac tion. ' Unconaoious of that whioh had happened, the dootor 's gaze followed the movements of his hanlB, whioh manipulated the bottle and bnlb with aooustomed touches. 'When the job had been oompleted to his satis faction, , Ms oonntenanoe beoame illumined with shameless self -approbation. (To be oontinued.) 