A Character of the BouvelardV .BIBI AND HIS LOVE FOR UMBRELLAS. On the terrace of the Boulevard St. Michel, to wards 9 at night, coffee and cognac are sipped; pipes steam; cigars glow. "Waiters, plying, say "Tout de suite, M. Pierre," "Me voila, M. Paul." Friends meet, groups form-daughters of Murger, bright little ladies, merry, not vulgar, chatter with all. The nut-man passes, the olive mer chant, the flower woman, a negro with nougat. Pausing, the first two lay a sample nut, a sample olive, on every table; then,- in some sheltered corner keep watch; and promptly issue forth to measure out two sous' worth at those tables where the samples have disappeared. "Tiens," ob serves Mdlle. Mimi, "du nougat." "Tiens," echoes Mdlle. Musette, "des roses." "Mais c'est la ruine," declares Pierre-"La misère," pro nounces Paul, both singling out sous. Couples go. by, quartettes linked arm-in-arm, some bound for Bullier's, others for the Noctambules or v the Taverne Lorraine. . Appointments are made-;"a minuit, a deux heures, hein?" Then everyone winks, everyone laughs, as a long, lean, rustily dressed person comes in view; grisly hair falls on his shoulders, three, cabbage roses hang from his coat. He leans slightly on an umbrella, sliver-mounted, neat. - His eyes are humorous and green; his cheeks shaven and sunken. He . looks 70. : Reflectively he i puffs at an inch of cigarette.. Waiters point at him, students, salute himv Now he bows, now he smiles Bibi of the Rive Gauche, Bibi the Bohemian, Bibi la Puree. On wanders Bibi, down the BoulV Mich', towards that dim and clas sic retreat governed by M. Theo the Cafe Procope. Memories of great men haunt the place. Relics remain-"la table de M. Voltaire," . scarred and chipped, Tourists come to inspect it; and although M. Theo cannot point nut the pre cise crack in which. the philoso pher's coffee stood, nor the'corners at which Marat, Danton, ': and Robespierre sat, nor Gambetta's favorite seat twenty-seven years ago, he has a wondrous knowledge of the times that makes him the personal intimate of these five great ghosts of the Procope! M. Theo, too, is a Bohemian. He. too, winks as Bibi appears.'* Should any innocent worldling, inquire Who is Bibi? M. Theo will reply, "Un drole," an original, with an amazing past. . . . Secretary, valet, anything and everything, to Paul Verlaine' was Bibi, six years ago. They met in the Procope, where Verlaine used to take his absinthe. S - on a close friendship snrane un between the two; Bibi amused and interested the poet. When Verlaine was stupefied-with absinthe, it was Bibi who . led him home. When Verlaine had no money to buy absinthe, it was Bibi who sold the poet's' autographs on the Boul' Mich' and his books , on the quays. Sometimes Verlaine lost his temper-but. Bibi never complained. He was proud of his position; admired and adored the poet, whom he called "le Maitre," and who called him "la Puree." Two vears paps*^: Verlaine fell ill! In spite of Bibi's tender.care he: grew worse, and was removed toi the hospital, where he died leaving Bibi a legacy' : of 3 shirts. Then, for the first time^i sorrow came upon Bibi. ' He was'a mere youth of 60, but felt 100, he de clared ; and forsaking old haunts, wandered sadly about the quays at'night, and in silent streets, and in ' the shade of the Luxembourg. Soon, however, he returned to the. Prpcope, with a- parcel under his ' arin. M. Theo received him ten derly; together, they recalled old times-when Verlaine was there, sipping absinthe, talking brilliant ly,; surrounded by the ^ Jeunesse ; together they brought forth Ver laine relics, letters, books, and the three shirts (from the parcel) which Bibi had inherited ; 'together they talked for hours and. hours, sighing and sipping-until Bibi made his famous declaration that he! would never lend those shirts and never put on any others. Months went hy; Bibi lost his mel ancholy, was:-seen rejoicing atîthe Prócope again. . No one knew how he'; lived, ' nor where. But all at once a strange passion took possession of him. "It seized hini-isuddenly, and amounted, in short, .to this terrible vice-^an irresistible craving for other people's " umbrellas. His honor tottered before them. Old or new, shabby or smart, they stirred in him dishonest ; emotion. He would use stra tagem, craft; visit corners casually, linger by hat \- stands" lazily, disappear suddenly, until someone would say, "Tiens, ou est Bibi? Et tiens, ou est men parapluie?" Next morning Bibi would en ter the Procope as though nothing had happen ed, and if accused, reply. . "What? T steal; um brellas? I? Bibi la Puree? L'ami du Maître? Jamais! Jamais!" Yet friends grew cold to Bibi; instead of the old wink of greeting when they saw him, began to grasp their; umbrellas. They gave him fewer bocks now, fewer suppers; until the anniversary rf Verlaine's death ap-? proached and a pilgrimage to his tomb was plan , ned. - At that moment all hearts went nit tr, ? Bibi, and all'subscribed for a new suit (worthy to go over Verlaine's shirts), and presented it to Bibi at the Proccpe, after much sympathetic sip ping and many a sentimental speech.. At the grave Bibi wept bitterly, and the mourners, pity ing him, resolved to feast him when the ceremony was done. But, alas! Bibi's poul had been stirred by a stack of umbrellas- leaning against a tree. It was ton much for him; drying his tears, he slipped away, and with him disappear ed no fewer than 35 umbrellas*--"Saturday Re view," .:? 