THE SALVATION ARMY. A LETTER FROM COMMANDANT BOOTH. ■We take the following from a letter writ ten by Commandant Booth from Terri torial Headquarters, 09, Bourke-street, Melbourne:— "Ju accordance with the custom of the Salvation Army since its inception in the old land, nearly .thirty-four years ago, I am sending out statements, as far as they re late to our work in these colonies, for the financial year which ended oh September 39 last. With this opportunity I would like to express my deep appreciation of the goodness of God during another year. Viewed from any standpoint, I do not think our history records such a year as the one just closed. When we consider that it is only seventeen years since the Salvation Army first commenced its great mission in these colonies, we are filled with wonder, love, and praise as we review our position to-day. The ad lance has been more than phenomenal—only God could have done such a glorious work, and the past year has more than ever confirmed me in the conviction that we have only to ; sustain the* same spirit to ensure a rene i tition of such Messing in the days "or years to come; Before, passing on to our financial statements J would like to recall i to mind a few'of the-items of interest which have occurred during the past year, i ts6ul-Saving.—Our work in this direction has been more than maintained, and, we are filled with thankfulness for the power that has constrained 17,052 souls to kneel at our penitent-forms. Such an accomplish ment is the result of an influence far greater than mere excitement. These are the days of steady ploddiug and hand-to-hand con flict; and so magnificent a return has only been acliieved by Divine blessing upon the devoted, self-sacrificing efforts of our -offi cers, who, in many a back-block town, toil on amid discouragements~ untold, only, however, to gain the reward, they. set.out for —Gcd's approval and the harvest of souls. Numbers of these seekers have become en rolled soldiers of the Army, and doubtless a good percentage have gone to swell the ranks of other denominations. Wherever they may be found eventually, if serving Goa, we give Him all the glory. Our Meet ings.—Perhaps the best "evidence of our hold upon tlie crowd is the fact' that, in spite of the ever-changing character of the population of the colonies, the aggregate at tendances at our various buildings are well maintained. When we find that 187,400 persons, on the average, regularly attend our meetings every week throughout Aus tralasia, we can well praise God for giving us thus the ear of the needy and the suffer ing. Our Property.—Another evidence of the stability of the work of the Salvation Army is the extent and value'of its . property in the lands where it is. in. operation. When we commenced in Australia we had no building of our own; to- day, one of the valuable assets of the Army comprises 360 buildngs and properties, acquired at a cost of over £276,000. This result'has not been achieved without very much, sympathy from the people of those colonies. We venture to think that tlie acquirements of the past year have well demonstrated that in very many places the people for whom we labour appreciate the efforts made, seeing they have contributed to such au extent as to make the purchase of thirty new properties, adding to the value of our assets the sum of £27,000, a possibility during one year. The financing of all this- vast property ne cessitates a very heavy financial responsi bility> but this only leads us to offer another note of praise for all the victories achieved in this direction. Our Social Work. —In this branch, as in others, gigantic strides have been made; hut seeing our annual social- report will he issued very soon we ?ieed not refer at length to this, except to say we anticipate being abie to lav before our friends and the public gene rally such a record of 'advances as will de monstrate in the most forcible way our claim to being tlie friends of all ivho are poor and down-trodden. The Children's Work.—1 have been privileged to give this a good deal of my personal attention during the year, and in conducting the junior an nua] meetings T have concluded that there is an illimitable field before the Army in this direction. Our Bands of. Love, where in the children are trained in many useful ways, have very largely increased in num bers and usefulness, so that, in addition to the purely religious training given, the children attending our junior meetings are benefiting in many ways which will fit them to a degree to take their places in the world as useful men and women. No tribute of praise is too great to render to the devoted staff of workers we have among the children.' A determined effort has been made, and will be continued, to provide separate and adequate building ac commodation for the children's work; much has been done in this direction this year. Our Missionary Work.—In Java, Major Gumming, with his devoted hand of officers, has done grandly during the year, and their halleluiahs amid darkness, sickness, and difficulty have come lo us across the seas as a benediction and an inspiration to toil on. The Future.—And what, can I say more hut that we are determined to go 011\. God is assuredly opening our way oil ward; the road behind is bestrewn with the memories of ten thousand victories. Our concern now is to preserve the simplicity and zeal of the Army, which have hitherto been so signally owned bv God. The facts T have ouoted could, T think, only he realized as the result of the persevering devotion of trulv consecrated men and women, inspired by the continual presence of the Holy Ghost. Such results are the fruits by which the A rim* ^ should he judged. With regard lo our officers, T can only express my deep gratitude, to God that He has privileged me to lead such multi tudes of devoted workers for His kingdom, and T would take this opportunity of com mending these, my comrades, to the kindly consideration of our friends who may hap pen to meet tlicm in their own districts. Our financial statements reveal to you what has been done with the monp-_ received at. our territorial headouai-ters during the year. The statements sneak for themselves, as wc have endeavoured to present them in the most intelligible form, so that our steward ship should be properly accounted for." 