{Whoso Findeth a Wife ? ' By WILLIAJ1 LB QUEUX. (SPECIMi RIGHTS OP SERIAL PUBLICATION SECURED BY THIS 'SUNDAY ' . TIMES' FROM GEORGE BELL AND SONS. LONDON.) . . . . ? ? ? — ? ® ? ? ? — CHAPTER XXXV.— CONFESSION. ??Her Highness has tnis moment returned from driving, m'sieur,' answered the tag Russian .concierge, when, accompanied by Sonia, I entered the hall of the great house In the Avenue des Champs Elysees, and handed him a card. _ _ ? Then a second servant, in the blue an® eold livery of the Romanoffs, conducted us ceremoniously along the wide, soft-carpeted corridor to tne ? ? ?wherein ? I had taken leave of the woman 1 loved. My companion, In her neat, tailor made travelling gown or dark grey cloth, looked a very different person to , the dirty, unkempt peasant woman who led that band of desperate gaol-birds on the frontier, and as she glanced around the fine apartment on entering, she observed, with a slight sigh, that this was not her first visit. The afternoon was breathless. All Paris had ieft for the plages of Arcachon, Dieppe, or Trouvillc, or the baths of Royat, Vichy, or Luehon, and the boulevards were given over to unhappy business men, cafe loun gers, and soft-hatted, gaping tourists in check tweeds. The green jalousies of the room were closed, the senses were suffused -with a tender and restful twilight, for the Eiare bad been tempered to suit the dreamy langor of that great mansion's world-weary mistress. The open windows admitted, ™/th air, the faint sound of traffic from tho Avenue. A lad passing somewhere out side whistled a few bars from the gay chansonette, 'Si. qu'.on lpur-z-y, f rait ca ?which Judic was singing nightly -with enor mous, success at the Summer Alcazar, noticed that upon the piano there still stood my own photograph, while that of my be trayer had been replaced by a picture of my v.'ife. *i. ' With my back to the great tiled hearth, filled with ferns and flowers, and surroun J -jed by its wonderful, mantel' of Italian sculptured marble, I waited, while Soma, fatigued after our long and dusty journey, Bank into -?ne of #e; silken arni-chairs, un loosened. hbr, coat* antfe sniffed at her little ?silver bottle of smelling-salts. Scaice word -had; sho- uttered during our drive across Ttlie city fropiith'e Gare de Lyon, so lull she seemed of unutterable sadness. During several minutes we remained in ., ? 1 without warning, the long no.-rs of white and gold were flung open by the flunkey who, advancing into the room, announced his mistress. Next instant- we -were face to face. 'Ah ! Geoffrey. At; last !' she cried, *rith flushed cheeks, a smile of glad welcomc lighting up her pale countenance as she rushed towards me with both hands out stretched. A second later, noticing Soma, she suddenly halted. Instantly a change passed rover her face. She was unlike tne gay light-hearted girl who loved to- idle up the' quiet Thames backwaters, or punt along the banks at sundown. She was dif ferent from the happy, trustful bride who had wandered with-, me - during - thpse Au tumn days in quiaint «ld -Chateauroux. She had none of the' flush of joyous youth, and the harder lines of resolve and determina lion were softened by an expression for ?which there is no better word than conse cration ' There; were signs of endurance in her iace. but,i.t. was. thg endurance of the martyr, not of the champion. Facing Sonia, she drew herself up haugh tily, and demanded in French in a harsh, angry voice : , . . . 'To what, pray, do.' I. owe this intrusion . I should have thought that after what has passed you would not dare to come here. But I suppose cool audacity is a character istic which must be cultivated by a woman of your character.' Sonia rose slowly from her chair, her features haggard and blanched, her head oiiffTiHv n-* 'if in nenitence. No effort did she make to resent the bitter, angry words my wife had uttered, but in a low tone simply replied : ^ . „ 'I have come here with Geoffrey, to tell you the truth ' 'The truth !' echoed the Grand Duchess, -with withering contempt. 'The truth from such as you ! Who would believe it ? ' 'Wait ! Hear me before you denounce me,' Sonia urged, in 'a strange, hollow voice, that sounded like one speaking in the far distance. 'I do not deny that my presence may seem unwarrantable. I ad mit that between us there can no longer be friendship, yet, strange it is that, al though you are hpnest, upright, and re spected, while I am a social outcast, spurn ? ed and degraded by all', there nevertheless exists a common bond between us — the bond of love. You' love Geoffrey, the man who by law ;is your husband; while I love an other, a man you also know ;' and her voice faltered, 'the man to whom you de nounced me as base and worthless.' 'Well ?' asked Ella, standing stern, up right, full of calm, unruEled dignity. She still wore the cool-looking Summer gown in which she had been driving in the Bois, and had not removed her large biack hat ?with its long ostrich plumes. 'You are quite right, quite right,' Sonia admitted; in a voice trembling with emotion. 'You -were justified to undeceive him as you did. I know, alas ! how black is my heart — hoTv 'blunted is all the -womanly feel ling I once possessed, like you. But you liave been nurtured in the lap of luxury, while I, fed from infancy upon the offal of \a slum, and taught to regard the world from a cynical point o' view, have grown old in evil-doing, and am now a mere dere lict in the stream of life. Long ago we met, and parted. I treated you, as I did others, as an enemy. We have now met. again, -and I, conscience-stricken and peni tent. have come to atone for the past — to prove your friend, to beg forgiveness.' My wife shrugged her shoulders with a gesture of quick impatience. 'Ah ! You don't believe I am in ear nest,' cried . the .unhappy woman. 'Has It never occurred to you that I alone can free you from the bond that has hold you aloof from your husband ?' 'What do you mean ?' cried Ella, with a puzzled expression. 'I mean,' she answered, in a deep, ear nest voice. 'I mean'tliat if you will make full juid open confession to Geoffrey -I will furnish you: with proof positive of the iden tity of the .murderer of Dudley 'Ogle. By this means only can you obtain 'freedom from your bondage of guilt.' 'My freedom !' echoed my wife. . She was pale as 'death ; her hot, dry lips moved convulsively,- and she glanced at me in f e v e d 3h-i-iit\reh e n sio n; . 'How can you give me my freedom ?' 'By revealing the truth,' Sonia. an- swered:,. 'When you have told Geoffrey all,, then; will I disclose the terrible secret that I hive selfishly kept from you because I ?envied you your happiness.' Th§ silence remained unbroken for some moments. Ella stood with her gloved' hands clasped before her. The ? haughty demeanor of the daughter of the Romanoffd had entirely forsaken her ; witlr'head bent she stodd immovable as a statue. Terror and despair showed themselves in her clear, bright eyes. It seemed as though she mistrusted this woman of evil repute, whose assertions half induced her to con fess to me. ? . ' „ 'Come,' Sonia said, 'speak, and freedom, love, and happiness- are -yours.' Her breast, beneath its lace and flimsy muslin, heaved' and ... fell. Her fingers hitched themselves nervously in the trim ming of her gown. Then, at last, with sudden resolve, she turned, and with terror stricken eyes fixed upon me, said in Eng lish, in low, faltering tone : 'To confess to you, Geoffrey, will cause you to hate, ah'! even to curse me. After to-day I fear we shall part never again to meet.' 'No, no,' I cried, advancing to take her soft hand in mine. 'Tell me your secret. Then let us hear what Sonia has to re veal.' . / \- 'Ah !. mine is a wretched, horrible story of duplicity,' my wife faltered, standing in an attitude of deep dejection. 'Although I am a Grand Duchess, the bearer of an Im perial name, I can hope for neither pity nor mercy from you, nor from the world out side. ' 'Why ?' 'Because I have foully deceived you. I am a spy !' 'A spy .!' I gasped, amazed. 'What do you . mean 'Listen; I will tell you,' she answered, in a hard, strained voice, swaying slowly forward and clutching at the table for sup port. .'Three years ago, when my mother, the Grand Duchess Nicholas, was still alive, we were spending some months -as usual at our Winter villa that faced the Mediter ranean at St. Eugene, close to Algiers, and my mother engaged as valet de chambre an Englishman. Soon this man grew, I sup pose, to admire me. ? He pestered me with hateful attentions, and at last had the au dacity to declare his love. As may be readily imagined, I scornfully rejected him, treated him with contempt, and finding that he still continued hi3 protestations, meet ing me when I went for. walks along the sea-road to Algiers, or under the palms and orange groves in the Jardin Marengo, I one day In a fit of ill-temper disclosed to my mother the whole of the circumstances. The fellow was at once discharged, but before he left for Europe he wrote me a. letter full of bitter reproach, and expressed his deter mination to some day -wreak vengeance upon me, as well as upon a young English man whom he suspected tbat I loved. His suspicions, however, were entirely un founded. I, known , at home and through out' all our family by the pet name of 'Tcherno-okaya,' or 'Sparkling Eyes,' a nickname taken from our Russian poet Lermontoff, had met t.his young English man quite' casually, when one day, while passing through the Kasbah, I was in 1 suited by two half-drunlcen Arabs, and he escorted pie home. Then, when we parted, he told me that he 'was staying at the Hotel de la'Regence, opposite the great white mosque, and gave me his name. It was Dudley Ogle.' CHAPTER XXXVI.— THE THRALL. 'Dudley Ogle !' I echoed, in blank amaze ment. 'Are you certain that the servant's suspicions were devoid of foundation ?' 'Absolutely,' she answered, in quick breathlessness. 'In those day3 I was su percilious and disdainful, being taught to regard my dignity as Grand Duchess with too great a conceit to make a mesalliance. My mother used constantly to urge that in t'he marriages contracted by members of our family love was not absolutely neces sary — position was everything. Well, the months went by. We left Algiers, returned to St. Petersburg,, and soon afterwards my mother died, leaving' me alone. I found myself possessor of great wealth, and when, after a period of mourning, I re-appeared in society, I was courted ' and flattered by all sorts and conditions of men. In a year I . grew tifled of it all, and longed to return to England, the land wherein I had spent many years of my youth, therefore I engaged a woman to pose- as my mother, and, dropping my title, went to London and. lived there as Ella Laing. Then I met you,'., and she paused, looking earnestly into my face with her deep blue eyes. To me she' had embodied everything tbat was fair, honorable, and pure, yet I had dreaded some sinister peril from an unknown source. 'And we loved each other, I saici sim ply- v , 'Yes,' she went on, fervently. . T3ut from the first I was fettered, being unable ? to act as my heart pro pip ted.' I loved, you fondly, and knew you wished, .to make me your wife, yet I dared-n'ot to risk such a step without the permission of our. House. I 'went to St.. Petersburg, explained -who and -what you ?were,' and craved leave to marry you. A family council was 'held, but the suggestion was unanimously de nounced as a piece of sentimental folly. Ah, shall I ever forget that night ? I pleaded to them upon my knees to let me obtain happiness in your love, but they were in exorable, and refused. At length, when in a moment of despair I threatened that if shut out from love by the barrier of birth I would end my life, a suggestion was. made— a horrible, infamous one, prompted by ffia karoff, Minister of the Household. Y§t I was ready to commit any act, to do any thing in order to secure happiness with you. Permission was given me to marry you on condition that I entered the Secret Service as spy. I appealed personally to the Tsar, but in vain. You were in the Earl of Warn iham's confidence, and it -was seen that from you I could obtain information which would be of great utility to our Foreign Depart ment.' * i ; 'So you accepted,' I said, sternly. ; r 'Yes. I accepted their abominable con ditions because I loved you so- well, Geof frey,' she said, gloomily, her trembling hand upon my shoulder./ 'It was notmy fault, indeed it wasn't. If .1 had known, what was to follow I would have killed myself rather than bring about all the trouble and disaster for which I became re sponsible.' 'No,' I said, 'don't speak like that.' ? 'I would,' she declared, despairingly. 'What followed was a dark, mysterious tragedy, while all the time I knew that you must suspect — that, after all, you might forsake me. Within a week after binding myself irrevocably to the Tsar's army of spies I made a discovery that held me ap palled. I found that my master, the man to whose will I was compelled to submit, ?was none other than our discharged valet de chambre — the man, who, two years be fore, had declared his love. At the time my mother had engaged him he was already in the Secret Service, and had, no doubt, kept watch upon us. He came to me at ?The Nook,' and, exulting in the fact that I had become his puppet, renewed his protes I tations of affection. When, frankly, I told 1 him that I hated him and loved only you. he at once informed me, with a grin o£ satisfaction, that the department in St. Petersburg found it compulsory to obtain possession of a copy of a secret convention at thpt moment being concluded between your country and Germany, and. that I must get possession of it at any cost through you. . It was in order that I might betray: , you that the Imperial permission had been given i 'to our marriage. In indignation I refused, whereupon he threatened to ex pose me to you as a Russian spy, and I sa^r only too clearly that any such revelation must end for ever our acquaintance. He cajoled, urged, threatened, and explained all the elaborate precautions that had been taken by two clerks in Russian pay at your Foreign Office in order tbat on a certain day you should carry the precious document , in your pocket, and how he had prepared the dummy envelope sealed with your Mi nister's seal. At last — at last, after striv ing long and vainly against the perfor mance of this ignominious action that I knew must reflect on your honesty, I waa compelled to submit. Ah ! you can never know what agony I suffered. I verily believe that in those few days the terrible vengeance of that scoundrel drove me in sane. The hideous ghost of the past causes me to shudder whenever I think of it.' I echoed her sigh, but no word escaped me. Her revelations were astounding. I had never suspected her of being actually a spy, although the discovery of the stolen convention in her escritoire had lent color 'to that view. 'I deceived you,' she went on in a hard, monotonous voice. 'But only because I loved you so fondly, and dreaded that this man, who had long ago vowed to wreck my life, would expose, and thus part us. Yet I could not bring myself to commit the ?theft. How could I place upon you— the man who was all in all to m'e — the stigma of having traitorously sold your country's .secrets ? The man who held me enslaved, and whose attentions I had spurned, exulted in his malevolent revenge. Once ne ottered, it JL wouia renounce an tnougnt. of you and treat him with more cordiality, to commit the theft himself ; but I refused, determined at all hazards to remain with you as long as possible. Once it was thought that the secret convention would be sent to Warnham Hall, and I was com pelled to go down there to devise some means of obtaining it. I found Dudley staying in the village, and we returned to London together. The end must- 'soon come, I knew. Therefore I lived on in daily terror of what must follow. ' At last the day dawned on which I had to m:eet you at the Foreign Office, and filch from you the bond of nations. After breakfast I stood out on th'S lawn by the .sunny river brink, contemplating suicidc rather- than your ruin, when there rowed up to the steps Dudley Ogle, :'who hailed me,' inviting me to pull up to Windsor, and there, lunch with ' Mm. At once I accepted, arid after em barking, told him of my dileihma, and be sought his assistance. As you know, he was a goad amateur conjurer, and skilled in feats of sleight-of-hand. Without thought of the consequences, he resolved to commit the theft for my sake, and when I had fully explained all the facts and gi^en him the dummy envelope that the cunning chief of the 'Qkhrannoe Otdele nie' had prepared, he turned the boat and put me ashore at 'The Nook,' afterwards rowing rapidly down to Shepperton to change and go at once to London.' ? 'He did this because he loved you ?' I exclaimed, sternly. 'No,' 'she answered, reassuringly. 'Poor Dudley, was simply my friend. He called, on you and extracted- 'the document, from your pocket while you lunched together, because he saw ! in What a dilemma I was. He knew I loved you dearly, and never once spolce a single word of affection to me. That I swear before Heaven. What fol lowed his visit to Downing-street I hay.e only a 'hazy idea', so full of awful' anxieties was that breathless day. From Waterloo Station 'he telegraphed to me that be had secured the agreement and han ded it to tne cniei or spies. rne latter | who had been waiting in Parliament- street expecting me, seeing 'him, took in the situa tion at a glance., and approaching him, askr-.d for the document, which he gave up. An 'hour afterwards, fearing that you might suspect' me,' ± 'telegraphed to you- at Shep perton to -dine with us, well knowing that already the text of the convention was at that moment being, transmitted to Peters burg, ' and- that war was Imminent. - You came ; you kissed me. I loved you dearer than life, yet dreaded the-. frightful con sequences of the dastardly act ! had insti gated. Suddenly, while .we were at dinner,, and you were laughing, ''happy, unconscious of the conspiracy against the peace of Eur ope, a thought flashed Across . my mind. I well knew that an awful, -conflict 'of. armed; forces must accrue from: njy; deep, ; desp'iQr' able cunning, and , it occurred, to . me; as . I ?sat by your side, that I' would, using 'the secret cipher I had been provided ' with, telegraph to St. Petersburg in the name of ?the chief of spies, assuring our Foreign Department that a mistake had been made. I slipped -out, and running down to the telegraph office just before it closed, sent a message to aii unsuspicious-looking address stating that tlhe text of the convention al ready sent had been discovered to be that tof a rejected draft, and not that of the actual defensive alliance which had re ceived the signature of the Emperor Wil liam.' (To be Continued.il 