THE HERMIT OF THE DUFFS, CHAPTER XXir.— (Continued.) ' I think I had better follow him,' remarked Fred, turning cnn-lesaly from the window. 'You'll wait for dinner, won't you?' said Roaie. ' Come now, I'll take no refusal. I bavo over so ' muny things to say to you, There, I knew you ?would,' eho added, as Fred emiled. 'Just walk into the parlour, dinner '11 be raady in a minute,' So Bttyiu-{, she laughingly pushed Fred into the parlour, closing the door behind her, and leaving him to amuse himself during her absence as best he might. Fred aoati?d himself, and taking up a volume of Goldsmith's works wbb soon absorbed in the pagea and Mintrosa KoBie stood again befote him. 'There's n gentleman out here inquiring for you, Mr. Fred,' said tho little hostess. ' For me f' said Fred, in surprise. Who can it ;t-e ?' ' He looks like some of thoEC old robbers in the pictures,' said Mrs, Wilde, ' with a long cloak 'wrapped around him and bis hat pulled away down over his oyee. Will I show him in ?' ' I suppose so,' said Fred, inwardly wondering who the mysterious personage could be. The door opened, and the figure of a man wrapped -in a long, black cloak, with his hat pulled far down over his eyes, stood before him. 'To whom am I indebted for the honour oE this visit?' said Fred, rising. 'To a friend, young man j one who is no stranger to you.' And renioviug his hat, ]?red beheld tho white locks of the Hermit of tho Cliff*. ' A friend you hare indeed proved to me, good father,' said Fred, frankly extending his hand. ' Even now you were in my thoughts, though. I hardly expected the honour of this visit.' ' You will ever find me noar you when danger is at hand,' said the hermit. ' Danger ? ' . said Fred. ' And what danger threatens mo now P' ' ;V soldiers mo ia always dangerous, replied the old man, evasively | ' especially with bo many ? enemies as you have,'' ' Lat it come then,' aaid Fred, carelessly. ' I, am too woll accustomed to danger to shrink from it ?now.' ' Porhaps you think you carry a charmed life,' said the hermit; 'and that because you havo escaped the bullet of. tho executioner, and tho ha'ter of JDe Lisle, you can rush into greater dangers, and come forth Bcabhless. Young man, I Bay to tbee, beware ! Last night, when the stara rode in solemn splendour through the heavens, I rend thy fate. All was dark and ominous. The shadow of tho scaffold foil redly across thy path. The steel of the assassin is sharpened tor the heart of one you love, and for the crimo of another shall you die. Again I nay to tbee, boware 1 Bo warned in timo, olso you shall repent it when too late I' Tho deep, intonao, passionate solemnity with which be spoke awed involuntarily the fearless heart of Fred. A sensation of fear, not for himself, hut for tho ouo doarer than all tha world boaido, crept over him. 'Old man 1' ho exe'aimed, seizing him by the wrist with a vice-like grip, ' who Jb this for whom tho steel of the assassin is preparod P Speak, and tell me. for I must know.' ' ' 1 ' That I saw not,' replied tho hormit, calmly. ' Can tho lips of man reveal what tho stars speak not P Guard against tho dangor which hangd over . yourself, and trust tho rest to a higher power P' ' Paha I I might havo known 'twas but ailly rnving,' said Fred, sinking off the superstitious fooling that hud for a moment overcame him. ' If you havo nothing more doflnito than this to warn mo against, good father, I fear your words havo boon in vain.'' ' And thou wilt not be warnad P' said tho old man, sadly, ' it is only when tho danger is at hand you will beliovo me P Did I not warn you before, and did not my words prove true P Husb thou for gotten thy powerful onemy, Da LisloP' ? ' I urn not Hkuly to forgot htm ; bub I fear him. not,' said Fred, Boornfully. ' So thou didst say before,' said tho hormit. Calmly; ' ntid yet you foil in his power, and would havd diud by Ins hand, bub for tho heroism of n young girl. Tho eamo thing may happon again, when thero will bo no ouo at hand to aid you,' . . ' Forewarned ia foraarmed,' said Fred. ' Ralph Do Lislo will find it not 'so oaay to get mo onoa moro within his dutches j and should we over moot in open warfare, then, good father, you will find it your duty to bid him beware instead of me I' 'Rash youth 1 thou canst not read the book of fate iwlcan,' said tho hormit, sorrowfully. 'Again I toll thco, danger 1b at bond— nay, hangs over thy head, nnd ovor one for whom you would glvo £)IVU yjlll Ill-U, AH UIIU UUUl Ul UWUU U4AVM UMUOU nob say thoro was no one to wurn thoo of thy dangor.' ? The tone of profound molanoholy in nhioh the last words were uttorod touched Fred. Hot that ho bollovod ' what tho old man said— his worda ho considered the moro idle raving of a moon-utruok idiot, who warned him of dangor after homing of hlR narrow cBodpoe, and knowing Do Lislo was atlll his enemy. But his evident ntfaotlon for him and iutoresfc in his fato roachod his hoart. ' Acoopt, at least, my thanks for tho interest you wanif«8t in me,' aaid Fred » ' although I may iiavnr tnako uao of your warning, I feol grateful to you, for it. And uow, let me ask you why should you onre so muoh for ouo who is a stranger to you, and whoso father you havo upokon of in tho most opprobrious terms P'1 ' A momont after, ho'was sorry ho had nskod a quostion which ueemed to aob llko a gnlvanio shook on tho hormit, whoso bead foil hoavily on his clasped hands, whilo his wholo frame quivered with gmoblon, .-.'?'. ? 'My dear air,' said Frod, starting up, 'if I havo aaid anything ts hurt your feelings, beliovo mo it wan qnfbo unintoutionnl, and I am oinoeroly eorry for it.' 'Say no more, say no moro I' said tho hormit, jraiHlng his hoad, and startling tho young man by thoso auddon shocks, nnd do not mind thorn. Some day, perhaps, before I dio, should you aurvivo mo, you will know who I am. Bub until that timo ,,oomoB, let what you ulready know of moBufllcc, You think ma crazed — porhapa I amj but thoro is At least ' method in my madnoas,' Beliovo mo to 'bo your friend — your boat frinnd on earth. You ' , say you are a Btrnnger to mo. Bollovo it not. Long boforu you saw mo, I know you; nnd whoa you lout funoiod it, I havo boon watohing ovor you. I, ask tioilhor your lovo nor ooufidenoo. in return. Should wo both llvo, tho timo will oomo whon you will givo both willingly, And now, .fnrowoll I I liavo oomo to warn you, but you hooded nob ray words, In tho hour of your darkest' trial, whon your Hunimor friends dooort you in tho winter of nflllotlon, I Bbnll bo noar. Whon dangor throatonB, look for mo. 'Until bhoii, farowolll' \- Ho wrnppod his cloak around him, draw his hat down ovor bia oyes, bowod with dignity hud was Bono oro Frttd oould framo an answer. \- .'Strange being 1' tboughb tho young man, throwing himself into a Boat, and leaning. his hoad on his hnnd. ' How dark nnd mystorioua nro bis ' vorrlo ! Civn it bo that tho old man really roads tho Boorots of futurity P ' Thou hast biddcu from tho who nnd prudonb, nnd rovealod uuto baboa. Wonderful being I ' Will tbosa ominous predictions ' como tcuo P I havoalroady Boon his worda varlfiod, .and why m»y riot those likewise P ' I'no nhadow of tho Bonffold falls noroBH my path.1 Woll, though I havo iiaoapod twice, I bogln to think I havo boon born fornhaUor, nftor all. I oan onsily nooouut tot my narrow osoapo from ohlpwreok by tho wlao old provorb, thnti nuyono born to bo unngod will Bo'vor bo drowuod. It's a plonsnnfc nntlolpntion, truly.' 'Why, Mr. Fred, you look aa dismal as if you had loBt your last relation,' Baid the merry voice of Rosie Wilde, breaking in upon bia reverie, ' Goodnesa gmcioua me I have you seen a ghost, or uro you thinking of suicide P If you are, I've a bottle of lodlum out in the bar that will send you sleeping comfortably to (ho other world in less than no lime. Ual ha 1 ha!'' 'Egad! I've a strong notion to follow her ad vice, and cheat Jack Ketch, after all,' muttered Fred. ' Well, now, dinner's ready, so never mind talk ing to yourself just now, for fear I might overhear you. So come along.' Fred l»ughinijly_ancompanied Mrs, Wilde to the dining-room where they sat down to a comfortable meal, to which both did ample justice. Ad. hour aftsr, us Fred stood ia the parlour with Mrs. Wilde, previous to starting, another horseman galloped up and alighted at the inn door. 'I'll havo Ganoral Washington himself hero next, I expect. ' raid Mra, Wilde, wno waa rocKing tho cradle. ' Your coming brought them nil, I think ! for I lnven't had so mauy visitors before this month of SundayB.' ' Landlady !' called a high, imperious voice, that made Fred start aad flush to the temples. 'Coming, coming;' answered Mrs. Wilde, hurry- ing from therjora. Half an hour passed by. Frod stood with his arms folded actons hia breast, all his indifference gone, and a look of fierce sternnoaa and intense hatred on his face. Well he recognised that voioo. 'Gone at last,' said Mrs. Wilde, again making her appearance, Fred looked out, n yoang man passed out of the door, sprang on his horee and rodo off, but not be fore Fred had caught a full view of hia face. - It waa R*lph Do Lisle. ' Woll, I regret to say I muat leave you now, Mrs. Wilde,' said Fred, turning from- the window, and striving to banish the shadow-that had gathered on hia brow. ' Very sorry to hear it,' said /Mrs, Rosio, ' but I hope to see you soon ugain.' ' Rest assured of that, my dear madam,' Baid Fred. ' I shall certainly visit my little nameaako as soon as lniy be, Good-by until we meeb again. Raiting the plump little hand she extended to his lips, Frel passed out, sprang on his horse, and was Boon out ol sight, while tho pr.ifcty little hostesi otjtho ' Bottle and Bswl,' stoo i in tho doorway, watching him until he disappeared. Night found him making his way slowly and with difficulty along the slippery foroat-pabh in' the direction pointed out by his friend, Captain Rogora. It was a gloomy, disagreeable night. A thin, drizzling rain waa falling, a cold, sharp wind waa sighing droarily through the trees. There was no light save the faint Biokly glonr of the Bpeotral moon, as she lifted her wan face over the bleak tree .topB, through the dull, dark clouds that scudded aoroBB the eky, ? Urging his borse with rein and epur, Fred bent his head to the storm, and proceeded slowly on ward. There was a strange presentiment of evil hanging over him — an oppression of spirits he had' novor- felt before, It might have been oausod by the words of the hermit, hia chance glimpse of Da Lislo, which he felt half-inollned to oonslder an omen of evil, or it might have been caused by the dismal night and the lonely path he was pursuing. He strove to shake 'off thoso superstitious fancies, knowing thero might bo moro tangible evils ah. hands, for there were always lurking bodies of Indians prowling about in the woods. Now and then tho ory of some wild auimal would break upon hia ear, making his horee starb and snort with terror, but no 'enemy had molested him, and ero morning ho trusted to bo far from danger. Suddenly an abrupt turn in tho road brought him in view of a scene that mndo him start and draw back ia alarm, . In the cectro of a largo semi-oirole, ovldontly tho work of nature, aud not of art, a large fire was burning. Gathered around it wore some twenty half-naked, hidooualy-paintod savngoB, who, with a largo keg, whioh Fred well knew contained rum, were evidently benb upon making a night of it, in spite oC the inclemency of the woathor. ' To escape without boing discovered was now Fred's idea. He turned noiselessly to proceed in anothor dlroction, but his horse reared at the Buddou blazo of light, andgavoa loud neigh oE fear. Ib readied the keen ours of the Indiana. Snatohing up thoir weapons, thoy sprang to their foot, whilo a series of diabolical yells rent tho air, followed by an ominous silence. {To ba eoniimiod.) 