MINING ITEMS. At ICalgoorlie on Monday the mounted police arrested 14 alluviai diggers on charges of stealing ore. An electro-magnetic process for the recovery of tho bulk of the lead and silver, and for producing a high grade zinc product from Broken-hill oreB, ib Baia to be a marked success. The Manager of the Imperial G. M. Co., Stewart's Brook, reports for the fortnight ended 14th of November: The north main drive has been ex tended on the course of the lode 20 feet. The lode is seven inches thick, of nice lamination atone, showing good gold. A shocking acoident occuned at Norseman, W.A. George Preatage, employed at the Norseman gold mineB, waB in the etopes, when a charge prematurely exploded. His left hand was blown off and the left fenea severely injured. His face was disfigured and he was rendered sightloss. He was taken to the hospital in a precariouB condition. Preatage is married ond has two children. The contract for the supply of locomotive coal to the Victorian Railway Department expires at tho end of tho year. Tenders were opened on. Monday for the supply of Now South Wales and Victorian coal for one, two, and three years from January 1. Two tenders were received for New South Wales coal and three for Victorian, and they will all be referred to the chief mechanical engineer for report. Mr. Charles Warner, the actor, has been fortunate in his theatrical ventures, but very unfortunate ia his mining speculations. Speaking of his visit to Australia in 1890-1, he said In my two years' work in Australia, there was n clear profit of £35,000 to be divided between the management and myself. Alas 1 why did I speculate in mines and land ? ' Let the cobbler Btick to hia last' are wise words. I will obey them in future.' Some consternotion has been caused amongst some of the miners at the Blayney copper mine by the visitations of a ghost in one of tho shafts. The men hear strange noises, bolls ringing, sighing, groanings, etc. Miners going below have their candles extinguished by a supernatural visitor, and some of the men alleged that something brUBhed past them. Six men have left the mine owing to the terror the ghoet has inBpired. 