, TELEPHONE; TROUBLES. V " 1 B'» 1 I' !' » fcliu "V " "" A Nice.Law Peiiit. " While, Mr.' Harris, the Crown Prosecutor at the Darlinghurst Quarter Sessions wari.openK ing q case to the jury yesterday; he referred to a conversation which, It was alleged, had taken plice between one of the witnesses for the pro- secution and one of the defendants (there were throe men charged with conspiracy to de fraud). .Dr. Brissenden," counsel for the defendant, immediately said he must object to any re ference being made to a message conveyed by telephone. It was simply a question of the identification of a voice, arid ' the polut was a novel onei ; ' His Honor: Yes, but If the witness can swear to the voice, it is surely admlssable evi- : dence. Mr. Harris: And the witness does swear that he recognised the defendant's voice. His Honor: Well, wou't ttyat be evidence, Dr« Brissenden? Dr. Brissenden: No, your . Honor, I have' never known of evidence of this" kind : being tendered.. I think It is quite.new. His Honor: Oh, I liave heard it over and over rigriln. It would be just the' same as if I heard your voice in the next room. I know, your voice, and might be able to identify.it. . , Dr. Brissenden:. Y.es,. your Honor, that would be all right; for then your Honor would hear the voice ' itself i ' but liere it is different. Speaking through a telephone you don't hear, the voice" itself. . ' . . His Honor: But we all. know that through the telephone we do recognise voices. Dr. Brissenden: No," your" Honor, only the ghoBt of a voice. (Laughter;) It -Is only the scientific reproduction of a voice. ... , His Honor: Well, I think I should rule here —provided the witness is positive as to his identification of/the voice— that I should ad mit the evidence.- Dr. Brissenden: Well, your Honor, I won't discuss -the question at this stage. ' : His Honor: It would be different if It were denied that the person alleged to have been at the telephone liad been at the instrument. Air. Harris:- Yes, but the witness is positive about the voice, he being a member of the "Owl Club," when you would hear" the voices of your frlends, I should think, and of your co- members; too. (Laughter.) Later on, when the Crown witness pro ceeded to give evidence, with regard to this telephonic communication the- following col loquy took place:— - - . .. ; . Dr. Brissenden: Your Honor, I submit that the law has not taken any cognisance of In struments like the telephone, or phonograph, which, by mechanical means, reproduce the human voice'. It is- not. the voice itself, but a reproduction of it, at the. other end of a wire by certain vibrations which are those of a mechanical appliance, and not that of the voice itself. Practically and physically there is no voice at all. .. It is a reproduction, but it is not even a photograph of the voice! (Laughter.) What I submit to your Honor is this question, which has not been, contest ed to my knowledge before. Of course, in some cases, there is some identification of the sender of the message or ratification of the message, or identification of the speaker,, but here, technically speaking, you cannot have such evidence at all. And I submit that on Another ground your Honor, ought to reject' this evidence, because, even if it is technically admlssable, the evidence of identification is too slight. His Honor: But the witness says he would reoognise thls man's voice anywhere; Air. Brissenden: Yes; but he admits that he, has never had a telephone message from, him previously, and it must be common to all of us that the telephone alters and mixes up the human voice. I. use. the telephone myself Mr. Harris: I object to my friend giving expert evidence. (Laughter.) His Honor: AVeli, you know'; you recognise voices; Dr. Brissenden.? ; . I -agree with you that it. is but the ghost of a voice, but if it is a friend of mine speaking I can generally, tell his voice. Dr. Brissenden:, But, in an important mat-, ter. of identification like this, you cannot be actually certain of who is speaking at the other end. His Honor: Well, I'll reserve the .point;, but there is evidence before, me. on the side issue. Dr. Brissenden: It is merely: a technical ob jection, your Honor. , , His Honor: Very well; "I'll reserve the| point. - -- 