Among the Politicians. TEE LATEST GOSSIP. A Happy Afternoon in tme House. The House was s niling all over its in dividual faces when it mot last Tuesday afternoon. Even the solemn clock seemed to wink an approval of the general face tiousness, There was no doubt oE it, the members looked hapoy. You could see at a glance that work was off that afternoon, and tho proceedings in the Unamoer were oi the holiday sort that enables the weary politician to say things without the faroe of having to appear as if he was really iu earnest, There was really nothing to do 5 and waiting being irksome and the House being forced to keop open a little while so that the people wouldn't grumble that they wore not getting anything for the handsome salaries they paid their representatives, several members, among whom wo may mention illustrious orators from tho Labor Party, sprang gallantly into the breach and vexed the weary reporters, u it ? Of subject there was no lack. At once the volunteer forces became the duelling ground, and out and thrust were given without mercy, Sleath arose in martial majesty and interposed his fervid oratory between a gentleman who expressed his injuries in the proas and the presumably trembling, cowered, and fearfully harrassed Defenoe Department. Apparently he didn't think much of a military-parliamentary man who did such naughty things. Bub the 1 brilliant Mr. Daoey arose like a Hector and sent winged arrows in defonoe of the- bold Nelld, Other members had their say, aud Price pointed out that tho evil doer, Bayly — the man that had tho temerity to order tho lieutenant' oolonel's arrast— was highly oulo gisod by that very officer when the Esti mates were boforo tho House. This made members wonder what had happened to disturb the old gratifying relations. Neild Stalket) Like a Pobthos A:uout the LoBiirm Whilst the arrows of debate wore wound ing the dual actions of department and volunteer officer, Lieutenants-Colonel Neild himself stalked f like an abridged Porbhos about tho lobbies. Thoy had wondered if ho would oome down to tho House, had thoy? Ho grinned satirically under his moustaoho and posed, like Boaaonstlold boforo the wondorstruck eyoa of the visitors, Ajax did nob look half so noble defying the lightning as did tho valiant Neild stand ing proudly under the suspended sword of bhot .Defenoe Department, if or bho occasion ho woro a. tie with a good doal of rod in it—red is a fighting dolour—and ho, would explain his position' bo any sym pathetio members. But most oi them smiled, One, however, observed joouUirly as Noild paused a moment in tho lobby, ' I thought you were nob allowed to. frequent public assemblies ?' ? * «, ' Publlo assemblies, Sir I' snorted tho Indignant warrior. 'Thin is the Houbo, Sir,* Then in Colonel Starbottlos bost stylo ho concluded with a clonohing snap ; ' Hang it, thoy would not, I hope, endeavour to prevent a member of Parliament, Sir, from attending bho House.' That, finished it, You saw that the statesman, tho pro tector of .the llborbles of the people and tho privileges of members, wasin'bhoaeaomianb, Bub curiously enough lie did nob venture into the Chamber. « m n Lmt Us Wemi1 Fob Neijvd. It i» ovldonb Noild \n taking his position very seriously, and of course to bo arrosted for writing Jobbers to a newspaper is ob viously cruel, Debar a man from drinking with a friend, take away his houses and hla lands, oondomn him to listen for a Hfoblmo bo a fond paronts' stories of his woudorful child, remove bho oriokob board bhab bogulloH bho long wtunmor after noon— do any of those bhlngH and you might liopo for forglvonoHH, Bub to Interfere with' IiIh luoiibrationf) bo bho daily paper, to kuop bho world In darknowi of bin manifold woou and grievances, to prevent him showing technical men how much more an amateur knows of their particular subject, with the world's oyos on him whilst he doo3 so, and you at once trample on the dearest liberty conferred by Magna Charta. If just a common ordinary individual resents this serpent sting, how much more' must a mem ber of Parliament — one of those fortunate individuals with a birthgift of wisdom, eloquence and learning, wibh a transcen dental soul, ever striving to display its intellectual glories to a paralysed community — resent such a deadly wrong. Lot us weep for Neild ; his case would move tho stones of Sydney to pity. And to think that oven tho commonest soul that dosses in the Domain can give bho Defence Department particular rats, if he can only borrow the ink with which to write, whilst Neild— the valorous Lieutenant-Colonel, the immortal progony of Mars, tho beloved brother of the Muses, and the Solon of sunny New South WaleB — must droop in that comparative gloom that hangs outside the columns of the news papers. Prometheus ohained to a rock was never taloned with trouble as is the un fortunate Neild. Me, Oopeland Takes Advantage, Mr. Oopeland took advantage of the Par liamentary breeziness that prevailed on Tuesday to, speak out in his bluff, hearty manner about his Sunday Trading Bill. Mr. Oopeland is certainly vigorous, and when he believes he is advocating something that will do good for the people, he does not mince his words. He considers that the thirst stricken should bo able to enter a public-house at regulated hours on a Sunday without having to, dodge round the back door like a criminal. But everbody knows the arguments for and against this question. Mr. Oopeland stood like a rook whilst a little spray of interruption foil back from his broad shoulders. It is nob good bo baib him, for he stands his ground giving blow for blow. At last he losb pabienoe, and in sinuated that on the drink question, as applied to their private lives, some very notable temperance advooates wore nob as the lily. The discussion didn't lead to any parbioular end, for of course it wont oome on seriously yet awhile. ? ? ? The Resignation oil? Want. Tho resignation of Want from bhe Abtornoy-Gonoralship didn'fc starblo anyone, although the news went about the House like a hum, The fact was nobody felt there was an Abboruoy-General until he resigned and relieved Mr. Reid from perpetually carrying his office llko a second Sinbad and the Old Man of the Sea. There is no excuse for the same old George to imitate Pooh Bah any longor and run the risk1 through a multiplicity of offices to have his House divided against him, As the news went from lip to lip four or five bosoms began to swell as the visions of Ministerial elevation swept into modest minds. m m \M Who Will Get Want's 'Billtut? '.'Who will gob Want's billob?'was bhe common question, and several shook bheir hoads wisely, ooughod Insinuatingly, avid looked like Mr, Mioawbov whan ho expected something to turn up. You st;o wo have so many mon of merit in tho Houbo. Mr. Reid interviewed was dolioiounly vague. Ho didn't know anything, and he wouldn't dream of surmising, and ho bowed tho Inter viewers away with all his usual urbanity and a faco oreasod with smilos. Ib is a libblo way Reid has bo bid a journallBb goodbye wlbh as much solicitude as i£ ho had. given a two- oolumn interview which ho doHred to bo worked up with justice. Bub Want had ronlgned, and something must bo moving, so gossipers adjourned to tho lobbies, We Bpakm Fatu to Asiiton, We mot Aahton coming out of the library, and we spake fair nnd oourtoously to him', but ho was politically dumb or modest, enough to glvo us bho credit of knowing as much as himself, 'Well, what) about Want's resignation?' we asked. 'Has he roslgnod ?' asked Ashison. wibh a wondrous inuooonae, We aro afraid that politics are knocking oIT bho bloom of his oarly youth— thoHo happy'daya when he oxpocbod bo find bho flowers ofioarnestnosB and oflbrb sproacl ing fmgranoe around bho Assembly Cham ber, Has ho found woeda, wo wonder '( Wo bado him fiuwoll, and then, when he had passed trom uh, romomberori tlio moan ing of bhab curious guilby sorb of half smile wibh which ho had honoured uh during our ohit/fc, Of oourso ho was just lately married,, and wo hadn't congratulated 'him. Bub wo do so now — heartily — and compliment him on his unusuul nouLna««. -* ? m Wh Thy to Hoisvn Tino Attoivniiy Gionhhalsilii.', But wo haven't solved tho Attorney Generalship. It would not bo good to toll all the names bhab are mentioned as prob able, because we are nearly to press and there isn't much space left. But speaking as, seriously as we can after emerging from the go-as-you-please atmosphere that pre- . vailed in the House on Tuesday, we would say that the two most likely, members for that office are Cullen and Garland. Tho ? former is supposed to have the best chance of tho two, because ib is thought at the present time good politics to have a Minister zealous in the federal nause in the Council. . And then, of course, Garland, if appointed, would have to run another eleotion in Woollahra, — arid elections are uncertain things. ? ? * . The Enabling Bill 'Agreed to. , On Wednesday evening the Legislative Ooiinoil agreed to the Enabling Bill. Whether ib was the resignation of Want that disheartened them or simply a recogni-. tion of the inubiliby of blocking any more, the Council's attitude was of a resignation that bows its head to destiny. Almost without a check tho Bill went through its final stages, tho amendment of. Dr. ' MaoLaurin, that two months elapse before the referendum, being accepted, and Mr. Pilcher's amendment for an affirmative vote of one-fourth of tho electors being rejected. ' xi «. ' , The Electoiis Will Speak. As it now Btands the electors of Now , South Wales have Federation in their own hands', There are no conditions. A simple majority will carry the day and give us union. In about eight weeks' time the electors will speak, and without a doubt the result of the polls will show New South Wales as ardent) for nationhood as the other colonies. Tho Opposition will prob ably continue their bigoted efforts to pre serve provincialism, but looking at tho figures of tho last referendum, and oonsider ing, too, that now tho Bill's worst foes seem to be its best friends, we may look forward confidently to a no-uncertain affirmative voice from tho people of New South Wales. , ??«??? Thomas Arnold, the writer of the Recol lections of Arthur H. Olough in the ' Nine teenth Century,' is an interesting figure. He is tho son of the famous Arnold of Rugby ; ho is a brother of Matthew Arnold, and his daughter is Mrs. Humphry Ward. He is a oonvert, and ono of the axxthors of tho ' Catholic Dictionary.' The ' Catholic Times'' of 3rd Mavoh says : — A correspondent writes : The follow ing prayer,, whioh has never before boon in print, was oomnosed by the assistant Bishop- ? elect of Westminster, and offered by him to Almighty God amid the ruins of General Gordon's palace In Khartoum1 on the oc casion of a - spooial memorial Bervioo ? on' September 4 last year. It in said to have toubhed the iron hparb of the Sirdar so that ' .' tears wore seon in his eyes, and at his request copies of it wore made and dis tributed to all the officers present, The prosonb copy is from that of a lady, bho wife of ono of bho favoured officers : — ' 0 Almighby God I by Whose Providence are all things whioh oome inba tho lives of men, whether of suflbring whioh Thou permittost, or of joy and gladness whioh Thou givesb, look down, wo beseech Thee, with oyos of piby and compassion on bhia land, so loved by that horoia eoul whoso momory wo honour boforo Thee bhls day, Give back to it days of peace : send to it rulers animated by his spirit of justice and righteousness;1 strengthon bhem in the might ot Thy power, that thoy may labour in making perfeot the work to which ho devoted, and for which ho gave his life, ' Grant to us Thy servants that wo may copy his vlrbuos of Bou-saorifioo and fortitude, so that when. Thou ballest wo may oaoh bo ablo to answer, 'I have fought tho good fight ' — a blessing whioh wo humbly aak in bho N^amo of bhe' .leather, bho Son, and of line Holy Ghost. Amen.'' 