MADAME'S GHOST. It was a curious old house, built in the time of the first Bonaparte. A French lady—tradition said she was a connec- tion of Napoleon's or a very dear friend ; she is certainly not mentioned in any history—built the house and occupied it. When news came of his death she died of grief. Since then, they said, she would sometimes opeu a door into the garden and glide out and in. Keys could not keep that door locked, nor bolts fasten it. That is what the old couple who kept the place told Captain Pearce when he thought of buying it. He bought it all the same. He was not afraid of madame's ghost. Still, there can be no denying the fact that the door did open curiously at mysterious times. Dirk, the German boy who bad been found hungry ou the road and had been taken in and made a servant of, declaimed he had seen madame all in white ; but she had hurt nobody. And here the family had lived, and Hetabell, the youngest, had been born. They had all been very happy, despite the mysterious door that would open, and madame's ghost. But changes came, alas ! The dear wife and mother died ; one son went into business in California ; one daughter married a man who took her straight away to Canada; and the other, though not far off, was still away. Old Captain Pearce had only his young- est girl with him now, and it is little wonder he was loth to lose her. It was natural for him to dislke any suitor who came, and particluarly dis- agreeable to him was anyone who seemed to him to take her fancy. When young Jack Halpine offered him- self, Hetabell was commanded to refuse him. She did not obey. She simply told him than her father objected, and said they must wait until he changed his mind. After that, Jack did not call, but the mysterious door oponed very often, and madame seemed to go out and in very frequently. Dirk saw her, from his garret window, in a white robe ; but he did not see the white robe thrown aside afterwards, as Hetabell talked with Jack in the arbor. That door was such a friend to the two lovers ! They waited long. Captain Pearce did not relent. Jack " followed the sea," and he would never give his girl to a sailor, he said. A sailor's wife never knew whether her husband was alive or dead. Even a captain could not make a fortune. He knew that. For- tune had bestowed a legacy upon Cap- tain Pearce himself, or where would he have been ? He knew the sea and sail- ors and he had said "No" once and " No " again, and " No " for ever, until one morning the ghost of madame left the door wide open behind her. It was found so in the morning, and for a while the servants said she had carried Miss Hetabell with her. But a letter was found on the pillow of her un- rumpled bed that told another story. Hetabell had gone away with young Jack Halpine to marry him. She begged her father to forgive her, and she said she loved him and would obey him in anything else. But the Captain had no longer any faith in his daughter. From that moment he cast her off. He would not read the letters she sent him, and when she came to his door he told the servants to bid her begone. Still, while the honeymoon lasted, Jack and Hetabell were happy. They forgot everything in their love for each other. To be together always, what a dreain that was ! And Jack kept it up until money was very low in his purse, and began to think of filling it. " The Sea Gull sails on Wednesday," he said, one day. "Does she?" asked Hetabell. "But why do you tell me of it ?" " Why, I sail with her," said Jack. " Oh, you cannot dream of leaving me !" moaned Hetabell. " Needs must," said Jack. " Why, my dear, you knew you'd married a sailor." " You must take to some other busi- ness. You must not, shall not, be for ever away from me !" sobbed Hetabell. But Jack explained to her that at his age he must go on as he had begun. One day he would get a ship ; then she could always sail with him. But now— he gave her his pay and kissed her : and on Wednsday he sailed. The day that he was gone, Hetabell went to her father's house again. Dirk opened the door. " It vas no use madame," he said when, Hetabell asked him to speak to her father. " No use. Do old shentleman is bositiff you must not gome in." He came out of the door as he spoke, and drew it close behind him. "He vas not vell your fadder," he said. "I must not egsite him. He is very queer. He has sent avay effry von but me. I cook, I do all. You does a very bad t'ing ven you marries dat fellow. You can never up pick spilled milk." Hetabell went away again. The ser- vant's manner was condescending and offensive. She lived alone in her little suite of rooms. She waited for a letter from Jack. At last one came. A passing ship had brought the mail of the Sea Gull. Another came when they reached port, and now he would start for home—for home and Hetabell—in about a week's time. Later, he wrote that they would be on their way next day. After that, no news: only silence and tidings of fearful storms. Then they said that the Sea Gull was missing. Weeks passed. Months went by. There was nothing to hope for, but Hetabell hoped. At last a little baby came, and the mother lived and the child also. But it was quite certain now to everybody that the Sea Gull was lost with all on board. And soon the last penny in poor Hetabell's purse was gone. The landlady was a good woman, but she was poor. She came to Hetabell one day, and, in a confused manner with a tear in her eye, told her that she could no longer have the rooms. "You see, I need the rent." she said. "And you have a father. I'm told. Go to him. He's sure to help you." Poor Hetabell ! She had sold almost all of any value that she possessed. She offered the landlady her remaining bits of furniture, and the woman accepted them. Then she wrapped her child in a shawl, put on a cloak and hat, and took her last bit of mouey. She had sold her clock to get it. It went to pay the fare to her father's home. She had walked from the station, and now, in the twilight, lingered about the garden. She dreaded an encounter with Dirk. If she could see her father ! But no one came out. A light was lit in the upper room— none below. After a while Dirk ap- peared, fastened the shutters, and looked about him. She took heart of grace and went up to him. "Dirk," she said, "I must see papa !" The man had looked at her coldly be- fore. This time his glance was furious. "I vill obey my orders," he said. "You must go away. Ven yon marry dat fel- low yon know it is ofer here. Go! Go quick !" Hetabell went out at the gate and up the road. Dirk entered the house, and the bars and bolts clanked within ; but Hetabell felt a new hope in her heart. Dirk was not obeying orders. She felt sure he was, for some purpose of his own, an- xious to keep her away from her father. She lingered in the shadow of the old church until all seemed quiet in the house, then she re-entered the garden. She passed through the neglected space where once flowers grew in abun- dance and came to the little side-door— the mysterious door—"Madame's door." as it was called. She tried it with her hand, but it was fast. She sat on the old bench under a willow tree hard by, warming her babe as best she could in her arms. The tradition ran that on moonlight nights madame's ghost opened this door precisely at twelve o'clock. There was a moon to-night. At twelve o'clock it was at its full. How long the house seemed! The church clock told them one by one— nine—ten—eleven—until the midnight was at hand. All the village seemed asleep. On such a night she was wont to come forth at that door to meet her lover. On such a night she left it to become his wife. How still it was ! How strange ! How dark ! A sense of terror in the air, too, thrilling her every nerve ! And now the clock was striking: One— two—three—four—five—six—( Heta- bell's eyes were riveted on the door )— seven—eight—nine—she counted ; ten—eleven—twelve ! Great Heaven! The door has opened silently and softly. She fancied a little mist or smoke—a vapour—a shadowy figure, that vanished as she looked upon it. But whether this were so or not— the door of her father's house had been mysteriously opened to her. She waited not one instant. She arose and glided in. She knew the stairs too well to miss them. She glided up and entered her own old room. The moon shone full through the window. She laid the babe upon the bed; and it came into her mind to lie down there and sleep, and in the morning to seek her father. She heard him in his own room; his heavy breathing came through the widened crevice of the door. Softly she crept towards it and peeped in. He slept soundly. His face looked worn and old in the light of the night-lamp. "He will forgive me," she said. Then she took her white nightgown from the bag she carried, put it on, and lay down beside her babe. She leît the door open for the comfort of hearing her father breathe. Soon she slept, but not long. There was a fool on the stairs. Someone stealthily descended from the garret and entered her father's room. She sprang to her feet, the blood curdling in her veins, and stole to the door. She peeped through the aperture. Dirk stood beside her father's bed, a fiendish look upoix his face, a hatchet lifted above his head. It was evident that he was about to murder his master. Hetabell was a woman and unarmed : but she did not pause to say to herself, "He will kill me also !" She only flung the door wide and rushed in and upon him. She was dumb with horror. She saw her father arouse himself, and fix his eyes upon Dirk and start to his feet ; but as for the German, the effect of her appearance was astonishing. The hat- chet fell froin his hand; he shrieked aloud, " It is the ghost of madame ! It is the ghost of madame !" and fled to- wards the stairs. Down them he rushed to the mysterious door aud out of it, and away, blindly, madly—anywhere. Next morning some fieldward-going ploughmen found him lying at the foot of a precipice, with his back broken, and before he died he confessed that he had long planned to murder and rob his master. However, Captain Pearce was not afraid of ghosts, and when his daughter knelt and told his story he forgave her. Besides, she had saved his life. She had come in good time ; and who would ever know how the door was opened for her ? The old man took Hetabell to his heart again. Nor did he turn from her when one day, not long after, news came that Jack Halpine was alive. The Sea Gull had been lost, but many of the crew were saved by a steamer bound for dis- tant parts. Now he was on his way home, and soon he clasped his wife in his arms and shook hands with the happy father. "When you go away again, Jack." the old man said, "Hetabell will stay with me, and while you are here you will stay too. Madame's ghost has opened the door for both of you."— London Weekly Budget. 