: Two Distinguished Utiles. Sometimes .yon will meet men who bring up scenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. ^They bring Hp old memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw . Oakey Hall, in Iionddn/ and what recollections of New. Tork nnder the reign of Tweed he k bronght up 1 Ihose were great days for Hall, and fox men who were a great deal, worse than; be. _Whafe-ja«ifellow of infinite jest^he ^ - ^ jfe**. ^pot he mads br^ ^jSSee in^jTew^ ¥prk" Home* |>er 'me^ pigitic town jrilllong - rememb^-fijaiatia^ietive; *ess. . Hie wouliJbive = been a rash man in those days who wonld haye -attempted to prophecy. £he height; In the temple of fame to which this brilliant and witty man might not elimb. ; What prophet oonldforesee ihat this gifted and : oni» popular mail - was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile in a foreign land, leaving behind him on the field -of his early triumphs nothing but shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a small cafe in a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other, day I «aw ianpther man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide^ He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of his surroundings. E4 had an intellectual face, but on it there were deep lines that told of past Bufferings. His long hair was gray-—prematurely gray. His shoulders were bent, arid there was a moody, brooding look on bis face. But he was evidently a tall man,' and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As-hesat at the table he looked like a strong man borne down by the mempry of some great sorrow of'the past. ' Presently he arose .apd walked . out without looking to ttenght or the left, and-then .I recognized lmtf, although- ii has been years since I saw hini before. It > was Thfecdore Til ton, the once famous editor of the New York IndependerU., But how changed. In th -days of> his popularity, tail, srect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing some sort of literary work -here, but ne one seems to know -just what ft is. I could not but think, after seeing the man, that the scandal in which this man's life was wrecked was more than 4 mere scandal. It- was, in fact, ai Tragedy. - "The circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. " The greatest of them is dead, so are others, among . them some of .the lawyers and several .of the jury. One of the lawyers, Ben- "jaminP. Tracy, is in ihe Cabinet of the President of the iJnited States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situated than her husband, for she has the eompany^ndsympathy Of^ier children.- - But Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-theway places in Paris, seeking neither friends nor friendships, a miserable tnd broken ' II.LU8TBA.TIVB of the jMjremptorj bnsiaess habits of the Webb-boys this ig told by the New York correspondent of Philadelphia Press: In the early days of Dr. Seward "W^ebb as a railroad man he attempted a little &iow; oi authority with Mr. Jay Gould,'which that gentleman treated in his dry, sarcastic way. It seems that W. H. ^anderbilt was just dead when £is son-in-law, "Dr. Webb, in a business letter called Mr. Gould rather peremptorilj to account, and present^ his ultimatum in a matter ^concerning some exchange in business between the Vandsrbilt and f^Pnld roads. Dr. : "Wiebb's«iaea "was to hurry Mr. Gtmld to a Settlement But Mr, Gouid Spas not to be hurried, or even brought to a coneideration of the ^sei ' •ind he wrote a .short note to Mr. Webb in vhich lie simply said that his sorrow over the death of Mr. Tanderbilt three or rfour days before had been so poignant that he was unable to consider any business with his son-in-law at present. It is probable that Mr. Gould has: not heard from Dr. Seward Webb since. IT may not be generally. Jqiown that a State institation exists for the purpose of preventing the landing4>f such alien persons'from foreign countries'who are insane or unable -to support themselves and families. An official detailed for the purpose boards, an incoming shi[>, and before the immigrants have had more than & peep at America, has ascertained, their names,. "where they came from, what they're here for, > what they propose to do for a living after they get ashore ^if they are allowed to); if they have^my relatives here,: or anyone eke awaiMngtheir arrival, and lastly, how much money they have'in their inside pockets. He doesn't ask them if they are'erazv, for if he did, and'took their statement for it, the craziest of them, iwould be the most sane, and the condition of the sane opes would be dohbtfui. Instead, - he -casually glances at them, and perhaps :|>eers . sharply into their eyes; and one look is usually sufficient for this expert, for he can ninety- "tunelimes out of a hundred, tell at a glance about how -a person's upper story is fitted* and furnished. When a person, is found who cannot be allowed'to land, the Captain of the steamer is' notified, and it IB his duty to safely keep such a person on—board, ssder a penalty of $1,000 for: neglecting to do so. If any person who -is allowed to •land becomes an : object of charity wit Mn five years -thereafter, he is pro The vided for by the &tate;, the expense • of t his ill sapport being paid -out of the State' Treasury, a b31 -for the same' being 'afterwardsent-to Washington ior re^. imWrsenient fe)m Que, Treasury of the i : .United States. T - 