CONSECRATING A CHURCH. CHURCH OF THE EPIPHANY, CRAFERS. AN IMORESSIVE CEREMONY. On Friday, the Feast of the Epiphany, the Church of the Epiphany, Crafers, was declared by the Bishop to be "consecrated and set apart to God for ever." The day was beautifully fine, and at 10.15 Bishop Harmer and over twenty-five of his clergy, together with the choir, assembled at the west entrance of the Church. The following clergy were present with the Bishop:— Dean Marryat, Archdeacons Morse and Dove, Canons Andrews, Hopcraft, and Samwell, the Revs. J. Sunter, W. G. Marsh, J. Pit- cher, W. S. Milne, R. Hornabrook, J. Hus- sey, H. H. Wyllie, K. W. Pobjoy, R. Bry ant. F. W. Webb, R. Dempster, J. Griffiths, E. H. Bleby, F. W. Wilkinson, F. H. King, F..R. Morze, L. P. Crawfurd (bearing the pastoral staff J, and P. W. Wise (Rector of the parish). A large congregation had already assem- bled. When the clergy and the choir had assembled they, sang the twenty-fourth psalm. "Domini est terra.". After the sing- ing ot the psalm the petition to consecrate was delivered to the Bishop by Mr. A. G. Pendleton, the Churchwarden. The Bishop then requested the petition to be read, after which the hymn ''We love the place, 0 God," was sung, while the procession pro- ceeded to the east end of tbe Church. The Bishop then received the deeds of the Church, and laid them with the petition on the altar. After several prayers had been said by the Bishop "The old hund- redth" was sung, while the Bishop and clergy proceeded to thc west end of the Church, and, the hymn being concluded, vi- sited the font, the chancel steps, the prayer desk, the lectern, the choir stalls, and the Holy Table. At each place an appropriate lesson was read, by the Rector, a verse of the hymn *'We love the place, O God," was sung, and then prayer was offered by the Bishop. The sentence of consecration was read aloud by the Archdeacon of Ade- laide, and was then signed by the Bishop. The following is the text of the sentence of consecration:— "In the. name of God, amen. Whereas we did lately receive a memorial heariug date 1st day of January, 1899, from the Rev. Percy William Charlton Wise, B.A, Incumbent of the Church of the Epi- phany at Crafers, which memorial prayed that we would, be pleased by virtue of our pastoral and episcopal office to consecrate the said Church: Now we, John Reginald, by divine permission Bishop of Adelaide, being willing to comply with this reasonable and pious prayer, do now separate and set apart the said Church from all common and profane uses, and do consecrate the same for the worship of Almighty God, the ad- ministration of the Sacraments, the saying of prayers, and preaching the word of God, purely, sincerely, and for performing all other religious ceremonies according to the liturgy of the Church of England, and we do hereby dedicate the same to God and Divine worship,and we do publicly announce that it shall continue for ever hereafter as separated, dedicated, and consecrated by this our definite sentence and final decree, which we make in these writings, saving and reserving unto us and our successors Bishops of Adelaide all ordinary and epis- copal jurisdiction, privileges, rights, and ceremonies." The Bishop then said:— "I declare this Church of the Epiphany to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever. ln the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The hymn "And now, O Father, mindful of the love," was then sung, and a celebration of the 'Holy Eucharist followed. The Bishop, in an able sermon, said that great progress had been made and development had taken place in the parish. The com- pletion of the Church was a sign of the vigour of Church life in the district. He characterized the building as a noble edi- fice, and said that the people of Crafers had erected a Church which was a pattern to the Diocese of what a Church should be. The choir, who wore cassocks and surpli- ces for the first time on New Year's Day. performed their duties in a highly credit able and reverent manner, and the singing reflected great credit on those who trained them. The service will be iong remembered by those who were present, as it .was of a most impressive character throughout. On Sunday last .the Rector of Crafers an- nounced that the Bishop had been pleased to grant to the parish a dispensation from the obligation of fasting on this Friday, seeing, that it was the Feast of the Epiph- any, and also the day of the consecration of the Church. The reredos, whioh is much admired by all those who have seen it, is tlie gift of Mrs. Alfred Simms. The archi- tect, Mr. Woods, is to be congratulated on his beautiful design, which has been so well carried out by the contractor, Mr. Torode. At evensong .there was a good congrega- tion, and the Rev. L. P. Crawfurd preached a suitable and impressive sermon. 