TWO SINNERS. 'Only your unbearable deceit. I made you leave Blankshire because I did not choose for you to be intimate with Mr. Eastcourt. I lcave the whole direction of our tour in your hands, and you elect to come to Baden'where he is. I hate deceit. I met the man myself this morning. No doubt you have seen him every day. and read poetry and discussed music together. You are silent and uninteresting enough at home, but I daresay you can make yourself entertaining enough if you choose.' Dorothealistened to this long tirade in silence. Her heart beat quickly. Vore, then, was here, breathing the same air she breathed, seeing the same sights, seeking the same pleasures, and they had not met. Dorothee forg't her husband's anger. She only know for weary months she had lived without a sight of Vere. Now the same place contained them both. Surely they must meet ? ' Well 1' went on Mr. Hastings, angrily. 'I suppose you are busy inventing some pretty story. It's of no use. I saw Vera Eastcourt myself, and spoke to lhim, though I am quite aware he did his best to avoid me.' 'Then you have been more fortunate than I,' replied his wife, coldly. ' I have not seen Mr. Eastcourt since I left the Lodge, and I did not know he was in Germany. 'I daresay.' 'As you make a point of disbelieving every word I utter it might be a good plan to em ploy a detective to watch my actions. It is possible this would be a satisfaction to you, and I have nothing to fear.' 'No, you would defy anyone.' ' I am not.a coward.' '.I wish you were.' 'Doubtless.' I should be easier to bend to your will then: Now you may crush my heart, my spirit never. 'Do not make a scene,' he rejoined, shortly. ' We shall leave Badein to-morrow. 'Am I to'acquaint Lord Marsden, Colonel Ellerslie, and the servants with the last reason of our sudden change of places.' ' Colonel Ellerslio and Lord Marsden won't care where they go as long as Miss Stuart is of the party. I don't suppose even you would sink as low as to confide in a hireling.' 'I never stooped but once in my lifo, and that was when I married you 'I have no time to listen to these agree able reflections. We shall leave Baden to morrow, and I shall tell the servants that if Mr. Eastcourt comes you are too ill to see him.' And with this parting taunt the banker left the room. Mrs. Hastings sat on alone. She put ons hand up to suppor- her tired head, and shuddered as she looked at the plain band of gold, emblem of her fetters. Her face looked weary, and there was many a line about her mouth. A year ago, in the little suburban lodgings,, she had seemed far less sad, but she ihad not then yielded to Strong Temptation and com mitted perjury at (the holy altar. Sin leaves its blight on the fairest face some times The door opened, and Rosamond Stuart entered. At first she thoughlt that Mrs. Hastings was asleep, and she stood some seconds watching her. Rosamond rejoiced at every sign of suffer ing on her rival's face. With her childlike beauty there was no pity or sympathy in her heart. She would have gloried in any trouble that came to Dorothea. If by act or deed of hers that grand loveli ness could have been marred the act or deed would not have beeu wanting. Rosamond could never forgive the woman that Vere loved that her face was fair. Of these two sinners all my pity is for Dorothea. - Rosamond could never know the loneliness, the despair, the heart:ache she had suffered. Rosamond had a mother who loved her as her own lif. This girl with her angolface cared more for herself than any other;. but Dorothea, if she sinned, had yet been her worst enemy. Mrs. Hastings opened her eyes. The angry gleam died out of Rosamond's bhles orbs, and she turned to her hostess with a smile. 'I have just met Mr. Hastings, Dora, and he says we are going on to Strasburg to morrow. I am so sorry. "So am I,' confessed the young wife, frankly. 'I did all I could to persuade Mr. Hastings to change his mind.' 'You give in to him too much,' retorted Miss Rosamond, smiling. 'When I am married, my husband shall do just as 'I please.. What's the use of being married if one doesn't do exactly as one likes ?' Dorothea declined to pursue this interest ing problem. Mind you make your stipulation before hand, Rose. I fancy neither Lord Marsden nor Colonel Ellerslio would object, for just now they seem very ready to be your obedient servants.' 'Not Lord Marsden,' said Rosamond, sharply. 'I don't think he particularly cares whether I am at Baden or Nova Zembla.' ' My dear, he haunts you.' 'And you think.he means to ask me to be his wife i' ' Yes.' Rosamond watched Mrs. Hastings steadily then she smiled. ' Dora, you are not a witch yet. Believe me, in our little company there is only one captive to my. fascinations, and that is Colonel Ellerslie.' 'He is a good man, Rose.' 'Yes,' swinging her hat in a childish fashion, 'but I am not quite sure that good ness' is enough to make one happy. Did you marry Mr. Hastings because he was a good man 1' 'I married Mr. Hastings because he asked me,' a delicate colour flushing her cheeks. 'What a delicate reason,' laughing. 'Then, Dora, if I don't marry Colonel Ellerslio you must quite understand it is because he didn't askI me' CIL5APTEI XXI. Me. Ev\tNS did not, now that he was ad vancing in age, apply himself to business with all the fervour of his youngor years. He very ofteu forsookl the oflico in Pump Court for two or three weeks at a time, leaving his partner, a limp ?osng man, with flaxn hair and washed out eyebrows, to attend to the affais of his clients, and this articularsummer being that of eighteen hundred and seventy-four, he had begun his holidays some time before the regular long vacation, that he might be present at Lake wood to welcome Sir Cecil and Lady. Kyrle on their return from their honeymoon. If a woman loves her husband there can be nothing sweeter or more delightful to her than this "coming home "-this introdue tion to the realm she is called to reign over as queen. A home belongs ten times more to a woman than a man. .Whether a home he a heaven or hell depends on the woman who is at the head of it. To Haude Kyrle coming home was unal loyed pleasure. Her whole heart was her lhusband's, and she knew how well he loved the grand old place where his ancesstors had' been born and died. They were her ances tors too. Maude and Cecil had a common past. She was half a KyIle, and her por trait already hung in the old gallery where her face was the fairest of the Ladies Kyrle. Lady Isabel was there to receive her chil dren, and Mr. Evans stood beside her. As , Maude passed through the long file of ser vants and heard their ready welcome, a great lump rose in her throat, that she should be the cause of so much emotion, and Mr. Evans, who like many old bachelors, had a habit of talking to himself, muttered, in audibly, ' I only wish I felt sure Lakewood was really theirs,' which shows dearly he believed in the right of ghosts to hold and possess earthly property since he know poor Harold Kyrle's daughter had died an alien in a foreign land. A dainty dinner just for those four; Lady Isabel delighted to be her daughter's guest; Maude looking very fair and stately as she presided at her husband's table; all went gaily, only when the mother and daughter had retired to the drawing-room, Lady Kyrle said, softly : ' I wish Vere had been hero.' 'He is in Germany, dear. I had hoped you and Cecil might have met him and pur suaded him to come home with you.' M amma, what has made Vere go off like this ? Did hlie and Rosamond quarrel They seemed. the very best of friends at my weddinig.' ' They were too good friends, Manude, for there to be question of their becoming any thing else. Vere did niot tell me his trouble, but I am sure he had one. Rosamond hinted that he was in love.' 'Hardly,' smiled Lady Kyrle. ' There is not a single young lady in Blankshire (Rose herself excepted) whom Vero has not known from babyhood. If he meant to be incon solable about any of them he would have begun long ago.' Lady Isabel sighed. 'There is no telling when Vere will be back.' I'll write and scold him,' promised the bride, who, in the flush of her happiness, quite believed everyone would give way Lo her. 'Don't talk of eoro, mamma, dear, it only makes you sad. Tell me about Rosa mond. I have not had a single letter from her.' '.She left me very soon after you did. I quite thought she would return to her mother, as I know Mrs. Stuart wished, but I heard afterwards that Mrs. Hastings had persuaded her to stay in Peek Lane for the rest of the season, and then go with them to Germany. I expect they have started before this.' 'They may meet Vere.' 'I should think not. They left very suddenly, you know, and we have heard nothing of them since. I was very fond of Airs. Hastings, poor young thing. I never fancy, Maude, she was quite happy. The bride shook her head. ' Who could be happy with Mr. Hastings I I loved her from the first. I shall go and seeo her when we are in town next spring.'. TO BE CONTINUED. 