Comic Ca^tings. He: 'My views on bringing up a family are ? ' She : ' Nevermind your views, I'll bring1 up the family* You go and bring up the coal.' A German .student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have render ed a text as follows : — ' The ghost Is : willing, but the meat Is feeble.' ' People talk about presence of mind, when and where most needed, &c.;' said a-youmj physician to a company of older graveyard fillers at Cambridge the other day. ' I can tell where it Is most needed.' *' Where ?' asked one of the company with a sneer. 'Where! Why, In a lunatic asylum, of course.' They save him a diploma. An old wonaan, who had a chronic habit of sleeping in church, called at seat-letting.' time upon the treasurer of the congregation. ' I have come to pay for my seat,' she said, laying down. her money. ' Yer seat ?'* returned the trea surer, who was a bit .of a wag, ' Losh, I think, Janet, you mean yer bed.' Mother : ' How did your face get that strained, agonised look in your photo graph ? Did the light hurt your eyes ?' Small Son : ' No. ma. The man told me to try to keep still, an' I did.' Wilkie : 'I suppose you're goin' to church merely to show off your new bonnet.' Mrs. Wilkie (sweetly) : ' Not that entirely. I'm wantln' to see the bonnets the ither women hev as weel.' Oculist (to countryman) : 'Well, what can I do for you ?' Countryman : ' If you please, sir, I want ye to pull a tooth out.' Oculist : ' My good man, you must go to a dentist. My business concerns the eye only.' Countryman : ' Well, sir, it's an eye tooth I' Blanche : ' Isabel, what has put you in such a bad humour ?' Isabel : ' Why, I've, just had a- communication from 'Jack, and he writes such a horrid hand that I can't tell whether it is a proposal, an Easter carol, or that cure for chil blains he promised to send me.' Mistress (to Scotch servant) : 'Janet, I fear my mind's beginning to go.' Janet {who has not a high opinion of her mistress's mental powers) : ' I wadna say, mum ; but there's ae consolation, it hasna far to gang.' Author ; ' Help me out with this. I don't ?want to say her cheeks were as red as a rose.' Friend : ' Say they were as red as her nose,' Various animals lend their mite to make up English words— e.?.. manaee ment, dog-matism. cat-^ory, chro nology, duc- tility, and rat-iueation. Mr. Mumblechook (singing) : ' Bid me good-bye and go ? ' Miss Effle Sharp: ' If you're going to sing it like that on the night they won't stop to bid you good-bye.' No Change.—' Well, doctor, how do you find my mother-in-law to-day?' 'She's much better, but her tongue's bad.' *' It always 'was.' Friends.— Eva.: 'Is it true that Cap tain Woolley kissed you in the Conserva tory last night ?' Marion : ' Certainly not ! I should just like to see him try such a thing.' Eva : ' I quite believe you, my dear.' Promising Boy.— 'I'm afraid, you'll never learn much at this rate. Now to day we'll: change . places : you'll t-e mo ther and I'll be Tommy.' ?? Me be mo ther !' 'Yes ; you are, mother, and now for lessons.' ' On, as you're such a good little girl you can go and play there will be no lessons to-day.' A Question of Terms,— Miss Fitz-Hyde (in quest of an engagement) : ' What salary ? Well, eighteen guineas a week.' Manager : ' Take off the odd pounds and I'll engage vou.' Thev closed. Clara : ' I wonder if it is true that one is likely to catch something from being kissed.' Maud : ' Of course not. You've been kissed enough, but you haven't caught anything yet, have you ?' Tommy : ' Do you say vour prayers every night ?'? Jimmy : ?? Yep.' 'And does your maw say hers?'' 'y-»T-.' ' And doeg your paw ?' ?? Naw. Paw ?don't need to. It's almost daylight when he gets to bed.' 