Original Correspondence. Whilst this column U always open for tho free djscassion of public topics, we do nor hold ourselves responsible for any opinions expressed by the writers of tho letter^. TYPHOID FEVER, (to tho editor.) Sir,-As Echuca ia much concerned at present regarding typhoid and many reasons are adduoed by varioas local writers to explain the causa ef the epidemic, I would like to give the following inshinoe of the appearance of the disease in a vVestralian camp, the circumstances surrounding-which X think will bo hard to explain by anyone, either medical or otherwise. The particulars briefly are :—Five of us left Adelaide en route for Dundas, and, although wo did not touch a town nr any other place where typhoid was known, one of the party, Dr Jackson, contracted the disease and died within a fortnight after our arrival on the gold fields, although the nearest case was at Ooolgardie, 126 miles away. Or Jackson was a strong, young, athletic man and had never known a day's Biokness. A few days after Jackson being seized others took it and 12 succumbed before the close of the summer.—' Poors, eto., 0\. J. W. Shquel to a Ghost Story.—As 11 vener able miuiatar tella this Btory it would bo ungracious and auporflaoas to adduce further evidence of its truthfulness. I went to a new parish that year, he relates. Id looking about for a houno I come upon a very handsome resldenco that was charmingly situated. But everything Indicated that the place had long boon without a tenant, and I made inquiry. Thn house wan haunted, according to neighbourhood tradition, and no one would rent it. I saw the landlord, and he was glad to let the placo on easy terms. It would be worth muoh to him if I would exercise the ghost placed there by popular BuperHti tlon. We moved in and 1 admit that wo had a vory oreepy experience — one thut my wife oould not long have endured. When everything had settled down to the qulot of the night v?a would frequently hear^the most distressing moans and the sound as of BomBone walking heavily in ihe attlo, I made several visits to that gloomy part of tho house, but could find nothing to account for the uncanny n:;ice. The next night that wo woro disturbed I wont up there with a determination to fathom the mystery. And I did it. Tho moans wore produced by tho soughing of the wind through the district telegraph wiros that were numerous on one side of the roof. Tho heavy walking was accounted for by a looso elate, Dapped by the samo winds that did tho moaning. Next morning 1 had the wires J removed and tho roof repaired. And that I was all 1 Not qui to. The landlord at oncoj advanced my rent one hundred per cent. I 