' Tn E :> ATH ANASI AN' CREED. ' - The Atbanaslnii 'dreed, so'ealled becnuso.- Its'qbmpositloir Is attributed toiAthnnasIus, Prlinate.ofAEgypt; In the, earlier half of , the fourth century, Is known from Its Inltlnl words In - Latin . .as the ; creed '.,'Qulcnnquc .vult." Chambers's Encyclopedia thus comments oil tho creed: — "The first pnrt of this erecil contains u detailed exposition of the Trinity; the. second, the 'doctrine ot; the. incarnation. Modern criticism has culled In question the, title , of- Athaunslus to- he con sidered themuthor of: tii'lS'ereody . It was. known as ejirly as the beglmdng'of the 0th. century, but" not under Its prdSau't inline. It Is spoken of 'us - (Athnmisius's 'Traction, the Trinity'.' lir some articles -of- the' .-middle of the Stli century, nml is suppos'edutb he-nllud- ed to, 'ns tlic faith of the holy prclnle Alhiin- nslus,' In the .Council of Autiin. nhoiit: 070. Athiinnslus himself makes 110 mention of Ibis creed, nitliotigu lis uoecrines ., uiu. ,cnsi »- t tally Ills;, nor do any of tho church fathers. Other two circumstances sponk: ngnlnst Its authenticity: It is lir Latin, nufl -Athaunslus' wrote in .Greek: the expressions, ngnin, nic different from those used by Athaunslus In spcnklng :o£ . the1 same things. By Proles-, tnnts, therefore, and even by niost.Oiilhollcs, Its Atliiiiinslnii origin- has been, given up, and 'Its production- litis, been nsslgucd with most probability to. the 5th century,- and, to. Gnnl; Hilary, Archbishop of Aries (about 430),' being conjectured to be tlie author. The title of Athnuuslnn probably became attach-:- oil' to It during lire " Arlnn controversy In. Gaul, as being un 'exposition of the system of doctrine ' Which was opposed- to tlic . Ariiin system, and which would .naturally., he. willed. Athnnaslnii from Its chief . propouuder. It. \vnsrvvell retelved into' the' public olllces. of the Gallic ''Church In the 7th .century, and bv the middle of the 10th century It- was adopted nt Rome and nil over llio West.. In . Britain, it wns- probably in use. ns 'early ns S00. The Greek Church was late In lecolv- lug. It; and -even then .not without : altering: the article 'concerning the 'Procession . of the Holy Ghost.' The Reformers adhered to the.. A.C., and Luther culled It 'a bulwnrk of tbe Apostles' ' creed.' Even- tlioso oliuichcs tlint. do not In any -way iiekuowledgo.lt as.a,sym- bol'(ns tlio '-Presbyterian Churches of Bvitnlu and Ainerlca, as- well us the Independents); generally accept Its doctrines. The A. C. Is the- most rigid and Intolerant of the three Catholic symbols, and lias given llsc to much controversy ; and- though stilNgonerully. re ceived by 'Protestants ns well ns Catholics,: the- regiird once had for It has declined.") 