Simplest Remedy. Seshok by Iiirz Rev. C. IX. SrunGEOx. | With His stripes rrc arc healed.—Ieaiah Liii. 5. It is a great mercy for us who have to preach, as well as for yon who have to bear, that the Gospel healing is so very simple. Our text (lescril)CB it: " With His stripes we are healed." These six words contain the marrow of tho Gospel, and yet scarcely one or them contains a second syllable. They are words for plum people, and in them there is no affectation of mystery or straining after the profound. That is one reason why I try to declare the Gospel to you in the plainest pos sible language, without any attempts at excel iency of speech. I know it to be the Gospel of God; I know it will save you if you receive it: it has saved me ; it has saved thousands more. I beseech yoiv to receive it; and I pray that God's Holy Spirit may load you so 1\. Comirg at opcc to our text, we observe, first, that these arc sad word*, 41 With His .stripes we are healed," bi'cause they tell of our lord's sufferings. " With His stripes wc are healed." I find that tbu word here used is in the singular, and uot as the translation would lead you to suppose. The use of a riugnlar noun may have been intended to set • forth that our Lord was as it were reduced to a mass of bruising, and was made oue! great bruise. Our text alludes partly to the sufferings of His body, but much more to the agonies oi His soul. Tho body of our Lord and Saviour was bruised. Scourging under the Jewish law was always moderate; there was a pause made at a point which mercy had appointed. Thirty- nine stripes were ull that could be given. But our Lord was not beaten according to the Jewish law; He was scourged by Pilate, and the scourging of tho Bomans was peculiarly brutal. They stopped not at the forty stripes save one, they smote ut random, according to their own will. The Saviour endured a scourging which was intended to be a substitute for death—u I will scourge Him and reiease Him," said Pilate— bat instead of its being a substitute for death, it became u prelude to it. Protnblr most men would prefer to die rather thnu to be scourged after the Roman fashion, and might be wise in making such a choice. Sinews of oxen were inter twisted with knuckle bones of sheep, and these were armed with small slivers of bone, so that even' stroke gashed the flesh deeply and caused fearful wounds and tear ings ; as saith the prophet, " The ploughcrs made deep furrows." Our Saviour's hick was ploughed and furrowed deeply in the day of His scourging. Now you may look at the person of Jesus, your Substitute and Sacri fice, covered with livid bruise# by human cruelty, and say. " With His stripes wc are healed." But you must not atop there, aau think that flesh wounds wore all His stripes, for our Lord bore more terrible stripes in His soul. He was smitten in Hie heart each day of His life. Ho had to suffer the ills of providence. Being a man, lie had sympathy with us in all tboso stripes which arc the inheritance of Adam's sons; He felt the stripes of poverty, stripes of wearing stripes of sickness, stripes of heaviness, stripes, of bereavement; above all others, He was a "Man of sorrows and acquainted with grief." He had to run the gauntlet of oil mankind. Stripes fell upon our Saviour from all sorts of men, for every man's sin laid a stroke upon His shoulder. When He was here on earth, if He saw men sin, that smote Him ; if He hoard tliem 6peak a wrong word, that smote Him. Having sinned, we have been hardened by sin; but He wns pure and perfect, and it was a bruise to Him to come into contact with sin. You know how His adrer/arics called Him a drunken man and a winebibber; how they said He had a devil, and was mad. Thus they were all striking Him; each man laying on his blow with all his might. Worse than all, He was wounded in the house of His friends. Was any blow equal to that which Judas lay upon those shoulders? And next to that, could anything surpass in paiu the blows which Peter gave when he said, 41 I know not tho Man"? There,was a cruel process in the English Navy in Which men were mode to run the gauntlet all along the ship, with sailors ou each side, eaph man being bound to give a stroke to the poor victim as he ran along. Our Saviour's life was a run ning of tho gauntlet between Hia enemies and His friends, who all strnck Him, one here and another there. By those stripes we are healed. Satan, too, struck at Him. I think I sec the arch-fiend ascend from tho pit with haste, aud, lifting himself upon his dragon wings, come forward to strike the Saviour, daring to iu flictnpon His soul the accursed temptations of hell. He smoto Him in the desert, and in the garden, till beneath that smiting great drops of blood crimsoned His face. But this Was nothing, compared with the fact that He was smitten of God. Oli, what a word is that! If God were to lay His finger on any one of us this morning, only His finger, we should he strnck with sickness, paralvsis aye, and death. Then think of God'smit iug 1 God must smite sin wherever He sees it; it is just that He should do so; it is as much an essential part of God's nature that He should crush sin as much as that He should love: for, indeed, it is only love in another form that makes Him hate that which is evil. So when He saw our sin laid upon His Son, He smote Him with the hlows of a cruel One, till beneath that smiling Ilis Son cried out, "My God, My God, why hasc Thou forsaken Me?" He was bearing in that moment all the crushing blows of that great sword of vongcancu of which we read in the prophets : " Awake, O sword, against My shepherd, and against the Man that is My Fellow, I with the Lord." 2\. Next: these are glad words. " With His stripes we arc heated." They are glad words, first, because they speak of healing. " We are healed.'* Understand these worth, 0 beloved, of that virtual healing which was given you in tfce day when Jesus Christ died upon the cross. In the moment when Christ yielded up the ghost, all Hiselectmight have said, and said with truth, "We are healed for from that moment their sins were put away; a full atonement was inade for all tho cho*en. Christ had laid down His life for His sheep; Ho had redeemed His saints from among men; the ransom price was fully paid; for sin a complete expLitiou was made: the redeemed were clear. Let us this morning walk up and down with perfect peace and confidence, for from the day when Jesus died wc were perfectly clear beforo the judgment-seat of «iod. •* With His stripes wc arc healed," or rather, "we were healed," forth? words are in the past in the original Hebrew. " With j His stripes wc were healed." f'ly sins. riiey 1 ceased to be, centuries ago; my debts, my I Saviour paid them before I was lorn, and nailed up tho receipted bui to Hi* cross, and I can sec it there. The handwriting of ; ordinances that was coutrary to ns. He trailed it to His cross. I can see it, and while I read the long list of my sins—oh, how long! what a roll it wanted to contain them!—yet I see at the bottom, "The blood of Jesus Christ His Sou cleanscth us from all sin." It matters not how long that roll was; the debt Is all discharged. I am acquitted before God, and so is every believer in Jesus. Kvery soul that rests in Jesus was, at the time when Jesus died, there and then absolved before the sacred judgment-seat. "Who shall lay ant thing to Ihc charge of God's elect?" h a fit; challenge to ring forth from the cross where 1 atonement was finished. But, dear friends, there is an actual application of the great expiation to us when by faith wa receive it individually, and it is that also which is intended here. To as many as have believed in Jesus, His stripes have given the healing of forgiveness of sin, and, moreover, it ha.* conquered the deadly power of sin. Siu no longer hath dominiou over thciu, for they are not under the law, but under grace. Nothing over delivers a man from the power of sin like u tight of the suffering Saviour. I have heard of a man who had lived a dissolute life, who could never be reclaimed from it by any means, but at last, when he saw his1 mother sicken, and die from grief at his ways, the thought that she had died because of his sins touched his heart, and mado him repent ot his ungodliness. If there was such efficacy to cause repentance in that form of suffering, much mora is there wheu wc come to see Jesus die in our stead. Thou our heart melts with love to Him: then hatred of ria takes possession of the soul; aud the i reigning power of evil is therefore destroyed. Christ's stripes have healed us of all love of • sin. Faith in the Crucified One has healed | our eyes; oueo they were blind, for " when we saw Him, there was no beauty that we should desire Him." Now, since wo have seen Ills stripe?, wo seo all beauties unite in -His adorable parson. I know, bclored, it you have put your trust iu the sufferings of Jesus, you thiuk Hi:n to be the most previous of being?, you see a loveliness in Him which all heaven's angels could not rival The stripc3 of Imnmnuel have also healed our hearts. " We hid, as it were, our faces from Him; Ho was despised, and we esteemed Him not," but now our hearts delight in Him, and wo turn our laces towards Him as the flowers look to the sun. We wish that we could aco Him face to face. And He has healed our feet, too, for they were prone to evil; note the verse that follows our text, "All wo libo sheep have gone astray: wc have turned every one to his own way." A eight of His stripes has brought us back; and, charmed by the disinterested love 'which sntfercd in our stead, we follow the great Bishop and Shepherd of our souls, and desire nover again to wander from His commands. He forgiveth all our iniquities, He hcalcth all onr diseases. It you would be cured of any sin, however spreading its infection, fly to Jcsus's wounds. This is the only way to be rid of the palsy of fear, the fever of lust, the sore blains of re morse, or the leprosy of iniquity; His stripes are the only specific for transgression. I may bo addressing some who despair of being saved. Behold Christ smarting in yonr stead, and you will never despair again. If Jesus boro the transgressors1 punishment, there is every room for hope. Peradventure yonr diseoso is love of tho world and a fear of man. You dare not become a Christian be cause men would laugh at you. If you could hear tho scourges fall upon the Saviour's back, you would henceforth say, "Did He suffer thus for me ? I will never bo ashamed of Him again11; and instead of shunning the fight you would seek out the thick of the fray. " With His stripes we are healed.11 It is a unirersal medicine. There is no disease "by which your soul can be afflicted, bat an application of the blue braises of year Lord will take out the deadly virus from your son!. Bo not tell me that we ought mainly to preach Christ exalted. I delight to preach my Lord upon the throne, but the great remedy for rained ; manhood is not Christ in glory, bar Christ in j shame and death. We know some who select; Christ's second advent as their one great theme, and we would not silence them. The second coming is a glorious hope for saints, but there is no hope in it for sinners ; to them the coming of the Lord is darkness and not light; but Christ smitten for onr sir.s; there is the star which breaks the sinner's raid night. I know if I preached Christ on the throne many prond hearts would have Him; but, oh, sirs, ye must haver"Christ on the cross before ye can know. Him on the throne. Ye must bow before tlie Crucified, vc must trust a dyiug Saviour, or else, it ye pretend to honour Him by the glories which axe to come, ye do but belie Bim, and ye know Hiin not. To the cross! to the cross I to the cross! write that npou the sign-posts of the road to the city of refuge! Fly there, ye guilty ones, as to the! only sauctuarr for the sinful. 