Bible Studies. An Eranseiloal Free Church. Catechism. The explanatory note of the xjcw catechism contains the following: "Two years ago the General Committee of the National Council of the Evangelical Tree Churches decided to undertake the preparation of a new catechism, which might meet the widespread, growing demand for a modem manual in the much needed catechetical instruction ofourcMldren; and might at the s:nne time exhibit the substantia! agreement of the Evangelical Free Churches iu relation to the funda mental and essential trutlis of Christianity. At the close of Last year an enlarged com mittee was appoiuicd to make a further and final revision of the catechism. The great object of the committee has been to express the Christian doctrines held in common by all evangelical freo churches. The theo logians who have prepared this catechism represent, uireotly 'or indirectly, the be liefs of not less, and probably many more, than sixty millions of avowed Christians in all parts of the world. Students of history will be aware Iliac no each combined statement of inter-denominational belief has ever previously been attempted, much less achieved, since the lamentable day when Martin Lurher con tended with Uuldrcich Zwingli. In view of the distressing controversies of oar fore fathers, it is profoundly significant ana gladdening to be able to add that every ques tion and every answer in this catechism has been finally adopted without a dissentient vote. Dio f)li ijlor'vi" y 0\. Question: What are tLcconsequencesof Answer: Sin separates mm from Goo, corrupts bis nature, exposes him to manifold pains anil griefs, and, unices be repeats, reus; issue in death eternal. Note.—The form or this answer would be, improved by omitting the words ''unless ho | repents must issue in," for too much by far is ascribed to the word "repent." Also the expression "must issue in death eternal." conveys an idea probably not intended by the compilers. SEog: of them assuredly thought of an eternal estate of existence ; not of pass- i ir.g out of existence, for ever. 10\. Question: Can wo deliver ourselves from sin and its consequences Answer: By no means; for we are unable cither to cleanse our own hearts or to make amends for our offeuccs. 11\. Question: How did the Son of God save His people from th°ic >ins ? Answer: For our salvation He came down from hraven, and was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Jlary, and was made i man, and was crucified also for us under i Boutins Pilate. He suffered, :uid was buried., i and the third day He rose again according t* j the Scriptures, and ascended iuto hea7en. : and sirtoth on the right hand of the Father. ! Note.—By many persons the form of j this question must be deemed to l» • very faulty. Tho words, "His people," : surely are nut correct, except from the stand i point of persona who believe in the doctrine of the " elect" ; or who, on the other hand, i attach tho broadest meaning to the words, j accepting tho assertion that all are the; children of Goth in a certain sense, before as well as after beiusr pardoned and bora agaiu.! Suppose we pur it thus: What did the Son i I of God do to save man from sin and its I 