A BK £!E TiEV. ; : by "xoahus." ; ; THE BRODGH SEASON. ' ; Once jnorc back at tbe Priiicess\ . On .tbe old - boards that we knew, With' fresb «cener>', fresh <iic«scs, . . And. At seoius. fresh faces, loo: Butf who cares for sploudid soiling, - Mise en scene, and all tlie rest 't Uuforgotieu, unforgetting, Shines tbe face we love the best. Once again the rnin of flou ers O'er her gracious figure falls ; Onee again the salute showers. . And the calls and the recalls. Tears hare passed since first we, met her, 4 . Still the public heart replies— "If she died we might forget her— But, then, genius never dies."' We have always been inclined to look on North Melbourne as a. demo cratic suburb. Even our old friends, Messrs. Barwise and Fogarty, Conser vatives as lliey might appear to other people, Invariably announced -them selves as Liberals of the most uncom promising order. And in the palmy dfiys of North Melbourne, never a night passed that Mr. Prendovgost . didn't rise in his place In Parliament, at the very moment when the adjourn ment was proposed, ia order. to draw attention to some heinous evidence of the desire of an oligaretic Government .to crush, down the people by "turning dog' on . one of his constituents, who had, unfortunately, been removed, from the electors roll. Well, this policy lasted for a time, and thcn.it collapsed. The ordinary elector e- fused to know, Preudergwst. He pre ferred to know what's Watt .. But now the elect of North ' tlbourne has destroyed .himself. Be firmly an nounces that he hopes no longer to see " Our Mayor" c.iHed .right /worshipful, but yearns for tlie day wlieu we shall all -speak of CfLr Maicolm .M'Each- arn. Take me out. bhoys. and leau me for- ninst by tbe wall. By tbe pub. wid tbe little side door: For I'm not fcelln' well in 1110 inside at all. J iu!clu tumble right dowu on the floor. .. Heiv's a man been unflirue to the Democratic cause. An' it's pni me a bit iutt scot : An if anyone asks me slraiglu out what it was. I reply that me answer is— Watt. Sburo. when first be caiue out, on a plaitform lie stood— Oh ! tbe iligaut language1 lie used : When, ye beard him reviling the ottld Norman blood. Well, 'twas something to be so amused. Sliure, lie tore nil their characters' into a sbrod— Holy Moses ! he give ii "em hot— Aud iu simple nniazemeut the peojde all said. "Do you kuow what's the lm-aniug of Watt V" But. alas ! like the others, he's mad with success— From bis principles chooses to " nit Like poor Trenwiib, lie's sold for 'society dress. Frock coat, aud a bell-topper bat. We are at Inst within measurable distance of Federation. The amiable Mr. Reid having got all he asked for, needs nothing else. All that remains is to thauk Uim for his wonderful moderation, and to reflect that, .since tbe federal capital is to be fixed iu New South Wales, the whole of Hie trouble and fight over tbe actual site .of the commonwealth dty is 'now transferred froiu Australia, as a whole, to the borders of the mother colony. Mr. Held, questioned on this all- important subject, has replied un guardedly that 'he thinks the neighbor hood of Goulburu is the most likely to be chosen. Wc simply wail to learn what Albttry will say. or whether -civil- war Is likely to break out over t'lie matter. Of course, we have our own opinions on the subject. We don't know why Sir George Turner shouM have neglected the palpable claims nf Geelong. a charming little iowu. which Iwasts an excellent rneecoui'se ewevy year, and which, rthuve all things, owns a particularly cosy little cemetery. Tlie last advantage, we think, has been cruelly overlooked, considering how many politicians have need of buryiug their reputations over the Federation struggle- Ail ode to Federal ion— no matter what avails. Although we know ihe capital must be in New South Wales. But l could write a better ode— a grauder. sweeter song. If they'd only lixed tic capital in the pivot 4»f < eeloiig. Australian playgoers for at least a solid six. mouths will miss the accus tomed head of M. l.enn Caroa from his place Iu the orchestra. Had i lie aupouucenien't that he meant to spend a short holiday "at home" beeu- made' six months earlier we might have en- tertaiued suspicions of his motives. The 'mere news that "La PatrJe" was iu danger might have prepared us for his sudden advent in Fasbodn. or his appearance in state ;tl the. head of a regimental band, beating time to "La Marseillaise" with all the energy of his naiuiv. Fortunately, perhaps. M. Cnrou has no such warlike Intentions. Be simply menus to spend a well- eavued vacation iu bis beloved Paris, with perhaps a short run over to Lon don or Berlin, or eveii iniphty Vienna, to .see wliai the latest developments iu the musical world may 1m\ It is per haps a little hard on M. Cnron that private matters should have forced him to fly to the old aud effete ceutres of , Burope jost.nt t be momen t when die Melbourne ScbttiBb. bnnd. Js nbout to burst in Jts .fuU sweetneBs an as tonished world. '- ' But' that "Is M. Cdrou's loss oloue. For ourselves, we n«y 5 h«" burlesque Fmichinau as presented to u» through jtnediuin of ihc cables, flM thd resU Liypcjqnpi;. as .we . know .and bdpor hint; are Livo very differeqL Iwipgs,- and-tliiit one qian Iflte L Gaion makes moitf for luternbtionnl respect uud peace. than- si roubd -dozen of- leading articles.. . . Agttiu-yoti' «iek your native shore, Yet when" Ihc tossing billows rear Their linngty heads of scetbiug foaui, YouTl be as sorry> p rnps; as we are. Bui If, wlien lodged. in "Belle Paris." By some Australian ghosts you're haunted. Don't' f?ar, to face tbe .Southern Sea, . But come straight back to where youfte wanted. . . 