THE CANDIDATES’ CAUCUS | AFTER THE FIRST BATTLE. . Time—Wednesday Morning. Dramatis Persona):—Milonius, Goorgious, ' . Michaelui, Mossicna. Milonids : Hullo 1 How ore yer ? Oeohoious : Ri’ buck 1 Wo gave you a dishing last night over tho top road. Eh? MioitiSiiUS : First class, old man. How’s yourself 1 As good as you were last night, oli ? whou you said you wero bettor thou the old follow 1 Never mind, old party, I flung it at them, rough ns it was. Mossiooa : Oh ! I’m bettor this morning, but I was something awful last night on the platform. My knees, and ovon my toos and tooth, wero rattling together 1 It must have been only norvouoness,because I had a grand speoch .and notes prepared. But the lights in tho hull wero bnd, and I fauoy that made , mo shaky, for I couldn’t really soo the pcoplo ’ well—and without getting thoir eyes I foil I wasn't getting their ears. But I’ll speak batter at tho Glen, I’m sure. It will be cooler there. . Michaklus i It might bo too cool there, old man, for Bomo of us. But I intend to warm myself up for it, as I did for tho Omeo mooting. You can’t beat it. Gkoroigus : By Gosh, it might be too hot for somo of us there, But I’m going to take a few lads with mo, and if what I say doesn’t suit them they can lump it. M ilo.WS (laughing, and rooolleoting court oontesta)! Oh, tliere’s nothing to fear-a fighting audience is generally prompted by the platform' sjpeaker. My motto is, treat tho ratepayers all round before the meeting, then they’ll be in good humor, and you oan ailing whang any oauso or Candida to without interruption. By the way, Georgians, why did you come into the field bo late, making us all nm bo hard for tho finish! 1 Yw'te , youngest nmn amongst u*| always living hero i • ample opportunities—later on. I would so muolt like that sent, rvoheld so many posts, here, and Pd ho proud to fill them all hv tumboforo making tho grand final*,'. Of course, ybu: know \Oiat I mean —humble chambers in early life—higher ones in’ after life. Now Georgians,* it you had consented to compoto when Sunnyside and Glen Wills folks solicited you some weeks ago l would havo waited* But now X can t withdraw^ it would bo a betrayal of trust Mosaicys 1 Well, Oeorgicus, Mijonius is right.. You only consented to' stand after you heard our opinions, and found that wo advocated the top road to Cassius, instead of tho v old 6ne, .-which passoa your ■ family estates... You.oWt oxpecl to score high at, the Glen now. • Tho Glopitcs ore a heen sporting community, and know only too well whatodde it is safe ttfJay when they soo they arc not getting a straight run.-. Gkoroious j By Ghost I You bally fellows will have to scoot when I get on tho^ plat** form at tho Glei). I cau’t epeqk much, but I can tell them something about you threo}, andT can .fight all right, ami foar no foe, whether lie ts made of leather, wool or wig, „ Miouaklus; Oh, banc, away lads l -Any road will suit mo in tho shire—out I want 1 If clear road to tho council table on tho 24tn. Gomo-and.lwv.e-iwlrink, ;. 