Co-operation. . Perhaps no doctrine of political economy can claim the authority of antiquity that Co-operation can. It in ono of those primary principles that underlie the fabric of society, and whose silent operations, mighty io their far reaching effects, are entirely unobserved, and therefore, unappreciated, by the superficial thinker. It is the genesis of ciriliaed, as well as of uncirilised, society Vet, to those who hare nerer etudied the phenomena of society, it appears to be a new and tentative doctrine, whose operations hold no sanction in the .realms of history Therefore it is shadowed by the frown of popular suspicion. It is looked upon aa one of thoao political experiments which have always had to serve a long and faithful apprenticeship to the people, before they will plaae the imprimatur of their approval npon them. Though effective as anoient, the principle of Co operation bee only . been applied to the limited operations " of man's inter-commerce during late years. In this regard it ie seen in its true light as a natural method of mutual protection, and a practical eastern of offenoe and defence. It ie thne one of those primary prinoiplee of socialism towards whioh both state and individuals can legitimately tnalre. Socialism, however is looked upon by ell those who are ignorant of its tree purpose and meaning, as ; an incendiary dootrine, in which V dynamite, bombs, and blatherskite j , play the main part. But etudente of political economy, and men whose i firugged sagacity ie equally a reliable . guide as study, know differently, Theyknow that Socialiem and Co Operation are terms synonomoue and vintercbangeable, and that the two ^operatiene have been sereniy working ". Over since men banded together in -. tribee and societies, for mutual pro tection. ' In the' larger operations of society Co-operation is inevitable and ever existent. Ills seen in the commonly accepted obligations of citisenebip, whereby every man tacitly agreeR to be levied'upon in taxes for the com mon good and safety of the state. In that realm, -thB ; tflsjbaeul of self is wiped -on!, tth fez ftuprema sain* r«fogfcftc^, and jthe in^nrida*l mast aeelet in tlie'commdn-sMienie of Co operation to preeorve thB intearity of that safety,'endof-those privileges ■wherebyhe finjoye lifehndihe result of ii* hoo"*' toll. Any mm in | Armidals to-dnv em tent the truth of th«w maxims by nn appeal to the thloga around him, by sitting down for lOmlnute* and thinking over the reasons why lie dor'not walk out ami daughter his next door neighbor, or why ali tho»e cnf-gnards exist, by wliioli lie end nig properly are sur rounded That ie national Co-opera tion. Hut immediately - the element of individualism enter* into the queation, human nature hat then to be reckoned with. Whilst men hare wiliingly submitted themselves to a common levy, or to general restric tions fnr the general weal, in their own privatn-opera)iona of bnaineaa it has been each one for himself sod (Jod for us all, and the devil take the hindmost. Hence one farmer has undersold or outbid his neighbor ; one producer has outproduced his rival, and no matter what particular sphere of commerce or production we examine, we And the same game of cut-throat rampant. This is what ia termed Indiridualism Meabwhile the inevitable happens ; Like the fox in the fable, wbo quietly doxed under a bush whilst the Ituo and bear fought over a carcase until too exhausted to mose, and then coolly came up under the very noses nf the paralysed contestsnie and walked off with the booty, the inevitable Middleman has made his appearance This person, wbo usually starts life paddling in eggs, or wbeelbarrowing sides of hog at a few pence per day, has prosperity eimplv thrust upon him by the fatuous pro ducer His raucous voice, and vulgar indifference to honesty stand him in excellent stead, but are as nothing in comparison with the fatuouB folly of the fighting farmers, which gives Rim the opportunity to insolently fieece them right and left, with all the calm effrontery and assurance of a foot pad relieving his bludgeoned victim of watch chain and lob. And hero ia the whole crux of the position. It is this middlemsn against whom the shafts of Un-nperatiol) must be levelled, and who has, ainre the days ol the Roman tax gatherers, been as the wild man ol the woods upon the shoulders of the producer. Union is strength. In other words it is an economy of effort, and therefore a saving, as well at an economy of force. A repetition of the historic examples in which union —Co-operation—has proved irresist ible is needless. Even to direct attention to the instances in our own country, and in our own time, where in co-operation,—union—has proved powerful, ia unnecessary. The principle itself needs no sdvocacy. History has established it, and the records of man stand as witness per petual. The thiug is to so prevail upon men aa to show them the true effect of their selfish folly in fighting amongst themselves, whilst outsiders scoop the pool of their legitimate gains. It ia an extraordinary thing that amongst men who have nothing to buy or sell except their own physical effort,-—labor,—unions have long and succersfully existed; whilst those men Who produce the liecessarins nf tifn I from the stubborn glebe, and smiling field, and alio are foiced to take I heir good* to the market places amid the united huckstprvra. are ever at one another's throat*—disunited and powerless to resist tho inroads of imposition, robbery and jobbery, which, like tbe life blood elowly ebbing from a body, are surely brine* ing them to a commercial cemetery. II the farmers and producers gene ra.lly thiuk to,survive the combined attacks of drought and greedy com bines, they may as well give up tbe ghost at once. But once rid of tbe latter, by a comprehensive, system o! Co-operation, they can then stand a heap more of the former than they ever dreamed. That is « shabby trick the Govern ment want to play onr local Council. They decline to pay for water used in pub lic buildings here except through meter. The Municipal Association advise that no remedy, except to refuse to supply the water, is in our Council's hands. When Ibo Sectional Work's Committee first re ported upon the water works eoheme, their own ougineer in computing the esti mated revenue, pnt down the public buildings' contribution at £160 per annum, and the Hailway Commissioners' at £250. Here was a substantial start to begin with, and that fact doubtless operated- largely upon the Council's derision to undertake the liability in con nection with the work. Now, forsooth, instead of paying upon the computation of rateable value, the Government wants to pay only through meter, a: juggle that deprives the Council of a aeriouslv substantial amount of revenue. The Hailway Commissioners ] have certainly carried out their contract j in good faith, though they are granted aid appreciable concession. But when it is] borne in mind that with the Gaol, Court House, Laud's Office and other public buildings using water only through meter, and at meter rates, instead of on a rateable computation, the difference in revenue is one that approaches some where about sixty per cent, the sorry tbabbiuess becomes as distinctly dis creditable as disgraceful. In plain terms the struggling citizen is thus put at a disadvantage, and is forced to bear a sweating burden on behalf of the general taxpayers of the whole colony! Tbe Council oughtto retsliaic by peremptorily cutting the water off from every public institution. When the Ministry s cham pagne is turned sour by clamorous com plaints from Armidale for water for the gaol, tbe shabby mob will be brought to a sense of decency and duty. Mb. VaBKEt Finn has done truly a tremendous little in -biscareer, to prove the mettle of his pasture, or his descent from .tbe loina of bia big-brained states man sire, He has doddered along in an Inconsequential sort of shamble, and only once baa he brough^ himself into public prominence. And then unenvishiy. That was in connexion with the Works Com mittee of which he was a member. There lie one day chanced npon a veritable mare's neat, and after a fizxling inq>iry, (lie whole rumpus lie raised resulted in a lamentable fiasco. Since he has (Bene railed tlie G.P.O. ho has amply kept up his slip shod record. He now proposes, however, as a method of leaving, prints of liia number nine bluchers upon the ssnds of time, to make a test of Anniver sary Day as a holiday squelching institu tion. The Post offices are all to be in full swing, and tbe responsible cUcials must toddle to work as on ordinary days. Tnn experiment may or may not turn out all right so far as tbe business results go. Our prediction is that it will not. Thr public arenothingloth to cast aside the cares of tho world on any recognised holiday. To this end. they usually dia pose of ell pressing matters in good lime. Any emergency that may arise is provided for by the ordinary telegraphic regula tions 80 that the experiment lias noth ing to crow about in that direction. And it has a lot to ting small about in every ollier. In thirst place it penalises em ployees in this particular branch of the service. That can only end in dissatis faction and disloyalty. In the next place, it is a natural injustice not to have all public departments upon equal footing i and equal terms. If the step is neresssry in one branch, it mutt obviously be equally so in the others, for tbe public convenience has no restriction on a broad basis. If the aim is to abolish all holiday*, exclusive of department al ones, Chen every other public de partment mutt ho made to join in the scramble. Varney l'arkes might be sup plied with a tallow candle to look for the truth in this contention; but in any case the proposed innovation ig_a spurious bid for an equally spurious popularity among thr Civil Service barriers and wor riers. The public have never clamored for the thing, *D{I when their necessities demand it, neither Mr Varnpy l'arkes uor Mr. Somebody Someone wiij prevent it. But then it will bo upon an equitable all-round departmental adjustment. Tbehb is at last positive evidence of the complete sheltering of the drought, or the near approach of an appalling change in local affairs, for it is rashly re ported that the Armidale Fire Brigade has, after doddering and dawdling about the business for some months, actually purchased a supply of new hose. Docs tbe energetic Board really mean to furnish our gallant fire fighters with strong and aervicable material to help them in their heroic work? Surely it cannot be that wc are at last going to have a really practical nod effective Fire brigade? Perish tbe thought! Our glorious city could scarcely withstand such an awful shock. A rash speculation in hose, and a vast expenditure of the townspeople's money by the Board, are unheard of proceedings. If this reporfcis absolutely accurate, the people of Armi dslc will fall dowu in perplexed alarm, and take a fit of hours duration. The directors of this important institution should act cautiously in the bose-purchas* ing industry, otherwise tbe future will proudly boast of a fire actually having been extinguished in tbe vicinity of Armi dale. The Department of Public Instruction cannot bo complimented on its prompt! tudo in dealing with affairs connected with the efficient working of the numer ous schools over which it holds away, It was known that a number of pupil teachers would bo leaving the local Superior and Hillgrove Public schools at the commencement of the present year, to enter the Sydney Training Colleges, consequently ad examination to fill the vacancies thus caused Was held in December last, when a number of -candi dates nresented tlieinMlvAa f l.„ —1. 1. mentioned were reopened after the vacation, and the local institution teas three teachers short, owing to the cause stated. The officers, in charge of extensive clashes already, have had to divide the duties of the absent assistants between them, a task unfair to themselves, and exceedingly unjust to the many young children under their charge. Now it is nearly two months since the examination referred to took place, and yet the Department, with lamentable facte, has neglected to give the matter, consideration. The officers responsible for this unseemly and unreasonable delay, deserve the severest censcre for the bother and bungle which their lassitude in this particular instance has pre cipitated. 