LOST AND FOUND. fAtJTIIOK-S.BIQ.ttrS MBERVED.) A ROMANCE OF THE DESOLATE. REGION, £7 S0BX. P. WHTTWOSTH. Autlior of ' Round //ie Camp Fin? ' Under the Dray,' ' Spangles and Sawdust' Uncle John' 'The W/uie Wbmanof ifundarrah' 'Mary Sutntnen? ore- crc. &c.; » ? «. ? -. CHAPTER XIX.— Coxnrv . Hope after hopeless hope had tied. No foothold could be seen and the bottom wae too rocky for anchoring. The anchors had both been let go , the chain cable of one snapped like a thread as it caught in a ledge, or crevice, and the ship swept remorselessly on. Toe other 'dragged. The captain held his post as ainan and a hero should, the officers acted nobly and the crew, warned by the fate of their com rade, remained subordinate. But the cove grew narrower as we sped ; dowr its dismal depth and the roof shelved down until, at length, the fore royal mast came tumbling dowu on deck, followed by the main and Tmzen royal and top gallant masts and the yards and other spars, and by huge masses of rock torn from the roof of the cave, which broke holes in the deck and drove every one under cover. Then came down the top masts and the foremast, crashing and tearing, apd adding to the growing horror ; of tiie time. At length, by Heaven's providence, the stump of the mainmast ? caught against the solid roof and held, stopping farther progress. Only for that the Cadyow Castle would have sunk that night, aud no one would ever have lived to tell the story of -her Iobs. Still, all was dark, aud we could only wait and wait, and hope that the ship might hold together until morning. The fierce stream ruBhfd by with a harsh, hoarse roar, rising, rising, ever rising, and so forcing our vessel nearer and nearer under water. Hour after hour went by, oh ! bo slowly, the mast chafing and grinding as if it would force its way through the ship's -bottom, and -the water - rushing in perfect cascades through the teams, for she was fearfully lacerated and torn by the rocks and the terrible strain on her, until the first streaks of morning broke dimly and dismally upon us. The . hoatse current still swirled swiftly by, j although it seemed to ltave somewhat moderated in fore* j Our first care was to launch the boats, for the hull was gradually settling. We rigged a spar and tackle over the stern -and launched, first one of the quarter boate, in which a crew was placed and told to seek a landing place outside the cave. A second boat followed, in which we attempted to place the women and ?children ; but only one, the wife of the ' the parson,' could be induced to make the attempt. She was thrown overboard with a rope ti«sd round her want and was picked up by the boat. But by this time the ship was sinking rapidly, and the lone boat was made ready to float off the *deck. Men who, even to save their lives, would not forego their gold and fearing to wait for the lonp boat, plunged into the waves, trying to reach the boats already afloat, with their wealth fastened around them and, by its weight, were dragged to ths bottom of the insatiate «ea. Women dinging to their children and crazy men to their gold were seen wash ing to and fro, as every sea rushed over .-the stern aud swept the deck. The long boat was crammed with all ' who could gain a foothold. It was partly filled with water, aud many of those in -her were trodden under foot and drowned before she got dear of the ship. At about eisht o'clock in the morning she floated cS the deck and, ere we bad got fifty yards from her, the Cadyow -Ctstie, with ail Me 00 board, sunk. Uae wild lurch, one fearful shriek -that rever berated through that gloomy chasm, and nothing was seen or heard save the black -waters - shining- like -pitch and gurgling ulong the broken sides of the beetling rocks. All who remained on board were lost. The last seen was the captain, who had climbed ? to the mizen top, and who - waved his hand in farewell as he went -down with the ship he would not leave. His was a noble fate, a fitting eud to a gallant life. The boats made for the entrance of t«»e -cave, intending to endeavor to find : a - landing place, but the sea bad got up aud was too tempestuous fur -our overloaded boat to live in. We had -hardly got outside when the long boat, in which I was, suddenly cap sized and I found mysslf in the water, struggling for dear life. Diving deep under the fighting crowd, I swam as far as my breath would allow me undei water — I was always a good swimmer — and presently came up near the boat in which Jim Cragg and some others had taken refuge. Only three ouc ©1 forty who were in the long boat were saved. The rest fought with the wares a few moments sad all was over. We now found ourselves fifteen in two boats, our provisions being £ few tans of preserved meats and some salt beef and pork, but no water. This was testable, terrible I Hone after hour we {tolled along that rock-bound coast, under ibose fcpsmiog precipices, hour alter hour, and still no thing but bleak- sterile, perpendicular cttffs, op which the sesJwoke in thunder ing masses, falling, back, in torrents ef ttie mm grey evening, precursor, of Jim black night, began to settle. on the rest less, ever-shifting ocean, and we felt -our- selves alone, without food, without water, on auinact^ible iron-bound coast, thou sands of miles from any other Und, and lost, lost, lost! . END OF THE XXB8I BOOK. BOOK IL— FOUXD. APOSTEOPKE. *? Water, water everywhere, Andiiot s drop to drink.' COLEBIDGft Oh, cruel sea! Oh, remorseless tea! whose treacherous waves have ensulphed so much of good so much of evil ; in whose secret depths, far below tuy ever-shifting surface, lie. the brave, the noble, the beautiful, ' the vicious and the wicked. Down amidst thy ooze and-sHme they lie, as silent witnesses of thy dread power until the ' Trumpet shall sound and the sea give up her dead.' Oh, terrible sea ! lapping gently on' the white shingle in the bright, golden sunlight, or thundering in fury against the eternal rocks. Oh, sea ! ' in : thy calm a melody, in thy storm a Btatelv psalm.' Oh, sea ! mirroring the white-winded ships in thy smooth' blue face, or beating them down in thy wroth and pitilessly 'dragging them into thy profound' abysses, atnuist the horror of darkness and the eternity of changeless rest. Oh, sea 3 beautiful sea, whose tranquil waters reflect the pure palp faced moon' and the myriads of ' far-off stars, making a new heaven beneath our feet. Oh, fearful sea! whose bugebil- - lows, lashed into fuiy by the ravening winds, roar greedily for prey and leap in impotent rage skyward, only to fall back in -wild contusion, like Titans who would scale the heavenB that frown upon their vain endeavors. Oh, sea ! «o lovely in thy ttanquility, so terrible, yet so sub lime, in thy wrath ; my home so long, so nearly my grave ; how often have I temp ted thy treacherous b* om.but nevermore!, uevertuore' CHAPTER L seh-tino. Lost, lost, lost, on the vast expanse of ocean that stretched away, thousands of leagues, east west, north, south, with no land near save these inaccessible cliffs, that shot up far above our heads and sent out, here and there, sharp shafts of hidden reef, like horns waiting to gore our frail barks. 'Fifteen human beincs in two email boats, in a sea almost alway* stormy, without food for more than two or three days, without covering, except onr satu rated clothing, without water. What was before us Bave lingering to the death that must, sooner or later, overtake us ? Would it not be better to at once do as one of the men advised us, stave the boats and drown all hands at once rather than undergo the prolongation of misery which seemed inevitable? Wiser counsels and love of dear life prevailed, however: and, although we had all of what provisions there were in our boat, we de termined to stick together as long as we could. I But as the night advanced and the fog settled on the face of the waters and the cold wind chilled us to the very marrow, , the extent of our hopeless position became I more and more apparent. Some ppayed, ? others blasphemed, some sank into speechless apathy — aud so the cold, hope . less morrow broke. We liad drifted during the night about a mile from the rocks, which showed dim and ghost-like through the mist. All was silent around ; not 9 sound, except the low, unceasing hiss of the water, or the occasional wnsb of a little ripple against the boat, as we drifted helplessly and list lessly awav. But suddenly the sun, which is rarely seen in ihyi desolate region, alter a struggle with the hazy atmosphere.ehone 1 eickltly and faintly on us. This was J something, but very little, and it roused us from the condition of settled despair , into which we were rapidly sinking. Cheered by the example of the mate : end Jiui Cragg, we set about another ? search, for a landing place -amidst the j chaoft of rock, though with Very little hope of success, for 1 he cliffs rose every - where sheer from. the water. ' ! We were n»vt as I said, fifteen souls in \ all,' eleven in our boa.t,one of the q uarter- '? boats, and four in the other, .a small one, not much b'uigeir thsu- a dingy. '? ' Tiie weather had' bet-u -singularly calm for these la'titiirles, wJiere Btorra and tem pest is the -rule' the whole year round ; and fortunate for us was this, as, had the sea «j:-r up, we must inevitably nave been . swfunpt-d ac once. j We nailed the Bmℌ boat to follow us, whicn, after ». pause, they did.slowly and sullenly. The' reason of this we knew soon - enough. Amongst the four men who. mauned the boat the demon of dis cord had already risen, the cause being strong drink. It appeared that one ot them bad brought with him from the wreck a small metal flask of brandy, and this he bad concealed-iu bis bosom. For a while the terror -if the time seeuted to have caused j him to forget bis prise, bntas the cold, I raw tiiornin^ orept-m he hjid remembered . it, and had-been-fleen-byittB mates taking small sips of fkieisp'iBi. ? The other three .had asked him to share ' it, but he had ch^rlishjy refused. This I had led to a quarrel and, as they took up their oars to pull-after us, his selfishly . taking ;another sipiw ougb&fthe; quarrel to a terrible issue. The other* rose simul taneously, with the intention of wresting the coveted prize fexaa^UwMr companion and a struggle ensued, in wbich the flask fell overboard and sank like * alone. One of. the men, as he saw it drop into 1 the wafer, made a frantic dart at it, bo^ missed bJs footing and, striking the gun wale .of the boat with Iris bead,' fell senseiessinto the sea, at the same, time capsizing the vessel, -which was small sad crank, and in a instant the other three were floundering in the water. One of them — the one who had- had -' the flask which had caused the mischief and who was a passenger and one. whom we knew as working on '.he diggings where we had made our money — sneceeded in reaching the boat, -now floating bottom upwards ; the others, after a few frantic struggles, sank, locked together in the embrace of drowning men. At first we pulled round as for an effort to save them, but this the mate sternly forbade ; and, heartless as it seemed, we knew' that .he was right, for our boat was already Cop fall and their rescue would bare been certain destruction to all. It was s- horrible fate; and. yet how many of us afterwards wished we had shared it, when in the long, long time of miserable existence we dragged out, we prayed* for the death that came so linger iogly, yet so certainly. ' ' Yet to ' leave the one who clung in desperation to the bottom of the over turned boat without an effort to save him, at least, was more than we cauld do, so, after «enie consultation, we dragged the poor -wretch into onr ark of refuge, taking the boat in tow. Better had it been for him. for us, for me in particular, had we then left him to perish, better ; but no, my fate, although I knew it not then, was bound up in his. Mine was the voice that gave the casting vote that saved his life ; mine was the life that, in after years, he shrouded beneath the dark pall of crime, from remorse of whicu I save suffered, still suffer. : Let- me here state who and what he was, as I knew him then. What 1 knew of him afterwards will appsar in due course. He was a Swede, named Joseph Born, a middle-aged man, a man gloomy and taciturn ; one who had been of the first on our diggings and who had left just before the fire ou the flat. He was a man I did nut like ; a man, in fact, whom nobody seemed to care much about, and whom I had not seen since his depar ture from Fiery Greek until I met him on board the day we sailed. How his fate became interwoven with mine this history will. show. CHAPTER IL KBFCGE. Hours did we pull along those beetling cliffs in a vain search for a landing. Hour after weary hour of cold, hunger and thirst, until night again shrouded us beneath'hw sable wing, and we lay under the lee of the islands until morning. Our sufferings during these two nights and a day of intense misery can never be told, and the-despair of some of the men be came so discouraging to the others that we, who had kept up our hearts, had to threaten to throw them overboard. ; Jim Cragg and the mate behaved nobly. ; So did the poor woman. ] In the morning we opened some of the i tins of meat, but found it impossible to ' retain it on our stomachs. Only four were good,' and -we had one piece of pork. In the early morning, impelled thereto ?by Jim and ^he mate, we again proceeded on our hopeless quest. We had, during the previous day, come across the long \- boat floating bottom upwards, and her via had also taken in tow. Little did we know in doing so that on her depended our chance of Ufa. The weather was singularly calm and the water smooth, *nd ai ^bout eleven o'clock 'in the forenoon, the tide being then jusl on the turn of flood, we came abreast of a rattier wide opening in the clifts, into which, after eonm consultation, we decided -to venture. It was a desperate chance, for the water, although slack, was etill running down the gloomy chasm at a rate that struck terror into oar hearts as we entered But there was no other hep j, tor we had scanned the entire coast, and there was no place of foothold even for a bird, that we could find. j We ran down the passage for atout a mile, the tide rip bearing «s rapidly on and 4 heavy swell breaking on both sides of us. At this place we saw that the pas sago divided into two arms, one runnirg off So north and the -other narrowing into a deep chasm, f nil of shelving rocks and broken water. We therefore elected to take the northern one. which at the point of separation boiled round and round in a violent whirlpool that threatened at every moment to dash us against the rocks. A few strokes, however, earned us into smooth water, and we found ourselves in a land-locked bay, with what seemed to be a shingle beach of about hundred yards in length a quarter of a mile ahead of us. Thus far we were safe, and although beyond the Hitfe beach, from which the black rocks appeared to rjse perpendieu : larly, we conld see no landing place, and \ even - when landed there, no means of scaling the forbidding precipice, it tos ' wonderful what effect even that small 1 mexcv had on our minds. Some shouted, : some' laughed, others wept and embraced ' each ' other, in the rapid revulsion of I feeling from black despair to fresh hope of life. . The hope was faint enough, for what were we to do cooped cpou that narrow shelf of boulders and shingle, without food, without fire? Certainly the scene in onr little inland sea was not so dceary and forbidding as lsssssssssssss»ssssssssw^»sssBsss»s»^^»ssssssssss^fsssswss-^i»i»ssss»sss»sssssssss»ssjsjass»si it had been outside, fojr.|»ffood Uisfooks and along the »viijA thlt«ui boldly inS them to 'tte northward, ' we could ^ «ee heavy forests of stunted timber and dense undergrow'tiiL '**? '-~' ^ Besides that, the entire place was alive with seal* and sea lions, which, plunged boldly ' 'from the ' numerous little- rocky islets that lay scattered around on every hand, swimming and playing around us and gstung curiously, with their full bright eyes, on the strange creatures who had come to disturb their solitude. It was a strange scene ananas we rested on our -oars to survey the new. place; w,e ; had got into, it impressed us with a deep, sense of lonliness and awe, Hemmed in ; by towering cliffs, that cast a black; shadow on the smooth, still ivajber on! which we floated, it seemed as if we had' been suddenly and by some wild freak of j nature imprisoned from the world with out. ** We were the first that ever burst Upon that eiJent sea.' There was not a breath of wind, not a sound, to break the awfnl savage solitude, save the occasional plunge of- a *eai into the darkly shining water ; and even that, as it echoed hollowly against the over hanging cliffs, only seemed to render the silence more silent, the solitude more profound. A short pull brought as opposite the shingle bank. I have spoken of and, steer ing boldly between two huge boulders that opened iato a narrow cove, our boat was soon gently grating oh the shelving stony bottom. After so many hours sitting in a can strained; position between the thwarts of a boat, exposed to cold and our feet covered with water, for she leaked so badly that it look us all oar time to keep her. free, it was only with considerable difficulty and great pain that we contrived to crawl ashore ; but, by chafing our stiffened limbs and moving aboul on the rough shingle, we soon were able to haul up our boats and to set ahout making a fire, which was our first care. Nearly all of us had a few thatches, but rhey were wet, or at any rate damp,- and therefore '. thoroughly useless ; aud it was when we j had wasted 'nearly all of them in vain attempts to strike them, that we awoke to the horror of our position should we fail to succeed iu obtaining a light. We found that amongst us we had only seven loft, and it was necessary to husband our re sources. We had collected all the dry twigs and leaves we could, but the larger wood was damp, and an attempt to obtain fire in the aboriginal fashion, by placing the pcint of n stick in a hole in a piece of wood and twirling it to and fro between our hands, was a failure from this cause. Match . after match of the few remain ing ones was struck, sputtered, and re fused to burn, until we came down to the last. Sick at heart and despairing of soul, I turned away and went 'behind 1 project ing ledge of rock, /or well I knew what hung on that trifling morsel of wax and wick. A thing worthless in itself, but to us of more value tlu.n allrtne gold that had gone down in the ill-fated ship, yea, than all that lay at the bottom of the sea ; for, without food, without fire, what could we do but perish miserably oc cold, even although the raw flesh of such seals as we might be able to kill should- save ub from canabalism. It was a fearful moment — a moment fraught with such, momentous results to all .of us poor, wretches gathered round that one last frail means of obtaining firc,!ight,wa.rmth, life itself, in fact, tbat in my bitter agony I fell on my knees and called aloud to Heaven for mercy in this our time of dire need. — To be Continued. li ¥ 9 