JIREH BAPTIST CHURCH. Special services, celebrating the thirty seventh anniversary of the Jireh Baptist Church, were held on Sunday, the newly appointed pastor being the preacher for the day. At the outset of the morning service, In commenting upon the experience of the church during the past years, and the bless- ing which had been granted, he called upon the congregation to unite in singing the Doxology, which was responded to The sermon was based upon the words " Jehovah Jireh," the motto of the church, and was a declaration of the fact and none of the Gospel, which was jjreCiigured In the sacrifice Abraham, to all intents, made of his son Isaac, and in the substitution of the ram for Isaac The discourse of the evening was based upon a portion of 1st Corinthians, and in his opening remarks the speaker made the statement that on his first view of the church building the outside presented to him the subject of the morning service, and when entering the building the first words that met his gaze were inscribed on the walls, " We preach Christ crucified" 2 and upon those words he intended to base his address. His utterances were decidedly of the old school and were a declaration of ruin by sin, regeneration by the Holy Ghost, redemp- tion by Jesus Christ, and retribution for the finally impenitent Special appeal had previously been made to the adherents of the church door contributions to a fund to cover recent expenses and a. sum of 23) 2s" Rd. resulted Upon the announcement being made at the evening service of the amount of the thankoffering presented in the morning, at the suggestion of Mr KIrwood the large audience (present united in praising God in the words of the Doxology for "His gracious favour in bestowing the ability to contribute and the mind thereto. In the afternoon the Sunday School service partook of a special nature in accord with the day, the late superintendent, Mr J. H Earl, and the present occupant of the office giving addresses bearing upon decision of Jesus Christ, and life in His service The anniversary will be further continued by a tea meeting in the Foresters' Hall, Brunswick street, to-morrow evening An adjournment will be made to the church, when farewell will be taken of the old pastor, the Rev. J. Kingsford, and a welcome extended to the new, the Rev E A. Kirwood. Addresses will also be given by representatives of the free churches Mrs. Hugh Fraser, author of Mr A Diplo- statist's Wife in Japan, has written another volume of tales of Now Japan, which Messrs Hutchinson, will publish shortly under the sale of "'The Custom RESUME <3ouattyi*r 