CHAPTER IL-THE FIRST LINK. SEVERAL weeks slipped away, and I had ceased to think of the story of the strange elopement. I had thought frequently of the couple, of lovers whom I had seen for a moment only that stormy night. Bolioving that they belonged to tho village, Ï had expected to meet them again, but so far had not set eyes on thom. I may explain hero that the tun- nel in which I had sheltered was the mouth of an old mine belong- ing to tho ono I worked in. But it had been disused for years, save as an airway. I had mentioned to ono -of my workmates that I had stopped in the tunnel, and he asked me if I had seen any ghosts whilst shelter- ing therein, for it was reported, he said, to be haunted. I laughingly responded in th» negative, for I never dreamt then of connecting the lovers I had seen with aught that was supernatural or spectral. "Walking down the principal street of the village about two or three weoks after this I chanced to stop beside the window of the local photographer, Mr. Wragge, and as my eyes strayed over the numerous likenesses therein displayed they rested upon a pair of familiar faces -those of a man and woman. Who were they ? I asked myself, wonderingly. . Where and when had I seen them before ? Then on a sudden I remembered. They were the portraits of the man and woman I had seen that night at the Adit's mouth. Yes. I was certain of it. I recollected their faces too well to be mistaken, and further study of the photograph only added strength to the conviction within me. \- 'I was returning home after tho day's work when this happened, and as ¡ I stood peering . through the á&hdo;'w- the .phcitographór- Jiimaelf came to the do'or. Acting upon a sudden impulse I said, pointing the while to the portraits that had ar- rested my attention, "Two captital pictures those, Mr. Wragge. Lovers, I suppose, but of course yon don't know them ?" " Third photo on tho bottom row, do you mean, sir?" he replied, coming to the window beside me. " That's it." "Yes, I know them-at least I used to when they lived in the vil- lage." "They don't live there, now, then?" " Oh, no ¡ haven't done for about six years. They were sweethearts, you know, and they went off to- gether one fine night and never came back again." " Where did they go to ?" " That's more than I can toll you, sir, and I dqn't think anybody else can- only themselves, of cpurse." " That's rather strange," I mur- mured, thinking that the village was fruitful of elopements. Even then no idea of the truth had Hashed upon me. Presently I remarked, " and why did these two go away ?" . " Don't you know ? Don't you be- long to Moss Green ?" I mentioned tho fact that I had been located in the place for only a few months. " Then that accounts for your not having heard of the running away of Dick Bannister with Mr. Ha worth's daughter." " What !" I cried, iu a burst of amaze. " Do yon mean to tell me that those are the photos of Dick Bannister and Nannie Haworth ?" "Certainly," he" said, eyeing me in somo wonder.- "I thought you knew that all along." It was at the end of my tongue to cry out that I had met thoso two only i> little whilo ago,, but I re- strained myself. There appeared to be either a mistake or a mystery somewhere. "You are absolutely certain," I questioned further, " that those two likenesses- there represent young Bannister (and thè brewer's daugh- ter?" My excited manner had surprised the artist very much, and as he stared at mo with open eyes he an- swered, "Of course ! Haven't I told you so already ? If you doubt my word you can take the card and ask old Bannister or Mr. Haworth." " I am satisfied, still if you will lend me the likeness I shall be glad." He went into the shop without another word, and I followed him. A minute later, with the photo in my pocket, I was walking home- ward, my brain filled with a multi- tude of strange thoughts. 