CHAPTER III.-CHASING THE PHANTOMS. The same evening I was in the Shovel and Broom, with the photos in my pocket, and a lot of questions in my head which I wanted some- one or other to answer. I desired^first of all to show the photographs to someone who had been well acquainted with Dick Bannister and Miss Haworth, for I half believed that the photographer had made some mistake. And presently, while I sat pon- dering the whole matter, the very man I wanted strolled into the inn. This was Luke Bannister, the only brother of the man who had gone away with the brewer's daughter. In a while, us Luke and I sat chatting together over our beer, I ventured to approach him on the subject uppermost in my mind. "I suppose, Luke, that you haven't heard anything lately about your brother Dick r"' He shook his head sadly. " Never a word. Strange, isn't it strange that he's never made a sign?" "Very strange. I suppose you know these two ?" I asked, drawing the carte-de- visite from my pocket and holding it before him. " Know em ? Why it's eaur Dick and his lass, Nannie Haworth? Where did yo' get it?" I told him, asking if he felt sure that he could not be mistaken to the portraits. " No fear of that," he cried ; " do you think ah could mistake my own brother ? Ah remember this bein' taen." " Is there a couple of people living anywhere about Moss Green," I next queried, " who favor your Dick and Miss Haworth ?" " Not that ah knows on," L\iko re- plied, with another shake of his head. "What makes yo ax that, John ?" I hesitated a momont or two, con- sidering whether it would be wise or not to tell him what I had seen that memorable night at the mouth of the old tunnel. Ultimately I resolved not to do so. Luke would only laugh at my suspicions, and imagine I had mis- taken some 'other loving couple for his brother and Miss Haworth. So, having como to this decision, I put Luke off by saying that I fan- cied I had seen some one a day or two before who resembled his van- ished brother. After some further conversation I 1 left the Shovel and Broom and went for a stroll, the evening being a fine one ; and as I walked along the hillside, over which the early twi- light was falling, I sought to find some solution to tho problem which filled my thoughts. What had been merely a suspicion before was fast becoming a deeply rooted couviction now» What that conviction was will be seen pre- sently. What was it that I had Been that stormy night at the Adit's mouth ? Was it a pair of real flesh and blood lovers who bore a striking resem- blance to the vanished Dick Ban- nister and Nannie Haworth, and whom I had mistaken for them ? These wero tho self-put questions to which I in vain sought for an- swers. Much as I would have liked to have believed the lattor supposition, I could not honestly bring myself to give it the slightest credence. I could not do this for many reasons. In the first place, I argued, it was almost impossible that one pair of lovers should resemble another pair so closely as to deceive me. Besides, I had heard the couple in the tunnel call ono another " Dick" and "Nannie." I felt certain that one of two things must be true. If I had not seen Dick Bannister and Nannie Haworth that' night, I had seen yes, I had seen their ghosts. And I must admit that I was inclined to think that the forms I had gazed upon for a brief space were phan- tom?, ¡md not beings of flesh and blood. I had reasoned the whole thing out in my own' mind, and come to this conclusion only after grave consideration. It was not at all likely that tho lovers would visit their native village without making their presence known to someone they knew, supposing they were ali VP. :IM'I so I was forced to believe that what I had gazed upon were spectres. Besides, had I not heard that the Adit's month was haunted ? Very quietly, but doggedly, I prosecuted my inquiries, for the mystery of the whole affair had taken complete pos- session of me, and I learned several things which strengthened my con- victions. Quite a lot of people be- lieved that the old tunnel's mouth was haunted, though I had failed to discover anyone who had actually seen aught of a ghostly nature. . From Luke Bannister I gained the information that tho Adit's entrance had been the favorite trysting place of the missing lovers, and he also told me the exact date of their dis- appearance. It was, he said, the night of the 10th of February, and he remembered it well, because the same night the big reservoir on the other side of the valley, and oppo- site the tunnel, burst and flooded the place for miles and miles, not a little of it going into the Moss Green mines. After this interview with Lnko I was continually pondering upon the date he had named. In Ave days more-next "Wednesday-the 10th of FebruaryjWOuld'arrive,and some- how that day of the month filled ; my brain, and I found mysolf mut- tering it continually. By this time I had formed a theory that ex- plained everything, but it was yeta hypothesis only, but I was resolved to test it when the opportunity pre- sented itself, as it would do on tho 10th of February. Slowly the days went by, and the 10th came, bringing with it a perfect tornado of snow. But towards even- ing the wind subsided, the snow oeased falling, and tho moon sailed forth through the cloudless heavens over a world of white. Shortly before 12 I sallied out and made towards the Adit's mouth. In my pocket I had a lighted Davy lamp, and tho key to unlock the iron gato of the tunnel. My mind was filled with the purposo that was taking me there. To myself it seemed serious and practical enough; to others it would havo seemed madness. Reaching the tunnel I drew the key from my vest and unlocked tho gate, but left it still closed. Thon I glanced at my watch, and saw that it was just midnight. Even as I re- placed my watch I felt a terrible, in- expressible horror, steal over me, and I thought what a mad fool I was to como there on such a quest. The next instant I was paralysed by terror, for there, not moro than a fathom's distance from me, were the lovers, with thc moonlight fall- ing full upon their faces. Then they turned and caine towards tho Adit. Had it been in my power I would havo shrieked out and rushed away, but my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth-my limbs seemed rooted to the earth. On and on they came, passed me, and went through tho iron gate as if it were only a shadow, and then I found myself, Davy lamp in hand, following at their heols. Silently they glided along, and, unable to turn and flee, I followed, each yard taking us deeper into the bowels of the earth. "When wo had gone a considerable distance the mysterious figures turned down ono of. the many old roads thatflay to our left, and still I followed along the declivity. Pre- sently a new horror was added to the load I already bore, for the light of my lamp falling ahead of me fell upon a sheet of water, amidst which the spectral forms I pursued wore now gliding. Deeper and deeper those figures went, and«I felt that I was to follow them to death. Now the water was at their knees, thon their waists, next their shoulders, and now they had disappeared. Thou, just as I stepped into the cold finid, tho spell fell from me, and I shrieked out and fell blindly to the floor". 