THE WARWICK NOMINATIONS. The official declaration of the nominations for Warwick took place in the Town Hall on Saturday. There was a fairly large gathering of electors, all of whom appeared to tpke n lively interest in the proceedings. The Heturning-olHccr (Mr. T. A. Johnson) read the nominations as follow Arrntuii Moik.un, journalist, Warwick-Nomi nated by Messrs. W. Wallace, John Healy, O. T. Mylcs, G. 1*. Barnes, Johu Cantwefl, C. D. Durie, J. G. Itowland, J. B. Curnow, C. A.Lambert, and C. £. MeDougall. James WILSON, farmer, Freestone Crock Nominated by Messrs. John McEniery, 1'. Cooney, A. Moray, C. Larsen, U. Smith, M. Davis, J. A. Doran, M. M. Drown, and B. Armstrong. Mr. Morgan, who was received with applause, said the proceedings they had just listened to were preliminary to the election they were about to take part in. The twelfth Parliament of Queensland had been dissolved, and it was their duty to proceed to the election of a mem* her to represent them in the thirteenth. He need not tell them that was a very serious duty. It was a duty wliich he hoped would receive the serious attention of the electors throughout the colony. They were about to elect u Parliament in whose band6 would be placed the destinies of the colony for the next three years. It was of course quite within the right of the Opposition to turn the Government out in less time than that. But experience had shown that since tho initiation of payment ot members there was no case on record in which Parliament had not lived its full term. Members of Parliament were very human, and did not often commit political suicide. A little ovor four months ago they did hiin the honour of electing him to the vacancy caused by the lamented death of the late Premier. During tho period that had elapsed since that time he had done his best to faithfully discharge the trust reposed in him. They would recollect on that occasion it was said he had not the ghost of a chaucc-thai the people of tbeeountry had lost confidence in him, and that having lost tho confidence of both the people of the town and country he was going to be hopelessly beaten. They had given the answer to that statement. It was not he who wus beaten. Parliament had since been dissolved, and they were now atktd to elect another candidate. lie wan before tliem again. Next Saturday they would be colled upon to elect a member. Mr. Wilson wus a candidate. So wus lie (Mr, Morgan), lie appealed to tliem for a icnewal of ihe confidence (hey had so often reposed in hiin in the past; and he felt conti lent that lie4 should not appeal in vain. (" Hear, hear.1') He was not confcioup of hnving forfeited tbe cood opinion they had formed and expressed of him four months ago. ("Hear, hear/1) There were soiue who had hoped and believed that there would bo no contest on the present ocoasion. Thi>y would acquit him of any im proper feeling if he said ho would have been ex. cpcdingly glad it lh*t hope hud beon realised. Hut it wa* nut to be-there were some of the electors who wanted to Eeo opposition. For tluco webs Jhtoc had hern an agitation gain# on to bring forward a candidate (oopposohim. KfTotts had been mide to bring outsiders into the livid against him, and representations had been made to induca a townsman to break a lunee with hiin. These, however, had fafl'd. In the end, Mr. Wiltun was there to put him down. Bat he (Mr. Morpan) was going to en deavour, with the asristatica of the electorx, to put Mr. Wilson down. (Applause.) Ho looked forward ui<h confidence to the result. Hp enuld underhand R fair and square contest be tweon candida ea of different political cr-edp, but he found that hiBoppment was espousing tUe eamo cause as he was. He was fojkiugi for a reason to justify Mr. Wilson in paUing them it the expense of a cootestcd election. It had been said tbat Mi'. Wileon was opposing him with the nvowed purpose of preventing bim having A walk over. Well, let it be so. Since lie wae compelled to run, he would en deavour to make the pace as warm as poBtible. (" Bear, hoar/') Mr. Wil-on was going to follow him through tho constituency, and he hoped that on Saturday ni^ht noit Mr. Wilson would still be fallowing him. Ho hod nothing to say in disparagement of his opponent. He was there against him (Mr. Morgan) in the exercise of his full rights of citizonship. As far as ho was concerncd the election would be carricd out on fair linc6, but if he were assailed he would cer tainly strike hack. There was a rough side to every man's tongue. Under ordinary circum stances he would not say unpleasant things, but if compelled to do so he would not hesitate to use plain language. In seeking their support he always appealed to their reason, and not to their passions. It was a great deal easier to make a a fighting speech than an argumenta tive speech, but he would endeavour to win their support by argument rather than by the use of rabble-rousing words. So far as he was concerndkl he wa6 not going to strike the first blow, but i/ a blow was struck at him the mas who struck it would not have long to wait for the return. He had been already through a considerable portion of the electorate, and it might he of interest to 41 his friend the enemy*1 to know tiiat in every centre he hod been re ceived in the most cordial manner. Never on any previous occasion had his reception in the country centres been so warm ana cordial m during the present campaign. {" Hear, bean") And he had not the least doubt that the wel come he had already received would be con tinued and repeated in the centres be had yet to visit. He wae going right through the elec torate. He would meet the electors at War wick on Tuesday night, and were it not for that he would have made a political speech to them that day. Ho appealed to them to endorse his l candidature, ana if they did so be oould assure thera he would loyally discharge the trust placed iu htm find look faithfully after the In terest of the constituency. Mr. Wilson said be Btood boforo them also seeking their suffrages. He did not intend to come in the boasting way their member had done. (Mr. Morgan: I am not your member.) The charge that he had tried to get someone to contest this seat against Mr. Morgan was perfectly coircct. He (Sir. Wilson) was not contesting this election from choice; he was doing it because he could not get anyone else to come along, and he would do so to the bitter end. He was not going to throw dirt at any ol the electors. He would speak in Warwick on Wednesday night and put his reasons fairly and sguarely befoie them. Theelectors of Warwick always gave people a lair hearing, and he hoped they would give Mr. Morgan the same. (Mr. Morgan : " There is no tear about that.") Mr. Morgan bad a paper behind his bads, and came before them with the Government brand. He (Mr. Wilson) came without that brand, there fore he was opposing a strung man. Be had read the Premier's manifesto, and be could Bee nothing in that manifesto but what was fair and right and calculated to be of benefit to the colony if carried out. His reason for contest 1 ing this scat against Mr. Morgan was that no attempt had been made to carry out the Premier's manifesto, which was fair and reasonable. If he could not show them on Wednesday night that Mr. Morgan had failed in this respect he would not ask them to return him (Mr. Wilson). He had nothing to say personally against Mr. Morgan. He had known him tor 35 years and was among the first to ask Mr. Morgan to come out and contest an election for Warwiek. He had always supported Mr. Morgan until the last by-election. When Mr. Morgan was contesting that election lie (Mr. Wilson) asked bim a couple of burning questions, the neglect of which was retarding the progress of this dis trict. They all knew bow these questions were answered as well as he could put them. On Wednesday night he would give them his reasons in full on those questions. If Mr. Morgan contested this election on friendly lines he would do the same. (" Hear, hear.") He (Mr. Wilson) bad an interview with the l'reniier before announcing himself. He had told them that his reasons for coming out were that Mr. Morgan bad not tried to maf out the Premier s piogiarotue. (Mr. Morgan: Do you say I did not liy to do BO?) Mr. Morgan had not tried, end be would leave it to the c)-Kt )is to say that he had not. (Mr. itorgun : If you say so, you eay what in false.) He was glad tosee Mr. Dickson at the head of the Government. He bad stood by their (Joondiwindi line through thick and thin, and was the only person who duiing the past tbroe years had mentioned it in the House. In the course of the interview wilh the Premier, Mr. Dickson said, "I have read your letters in the papers, and if you are returned there is no man I nil! give the hand of fn'eadehip to icsdier than to you." Mr. Dickson said he would not like to BOS a Labour msn come along and perhaps slip in owing to the split in the Ministerial votes. He (Mr. Wilton) assured the Premier that if a Labour man came be would retire. He (Mr. Wilson) bsd fought hsrii for the rights of the farmers, and on Wednesday night he would show liiem how lis had been backed up by the local papers. If lie was returned they could dopend upm it that lie would do all he could to get that re dress for the farmers that he bad been fighting for (or coven years. The iniquitous railway rates were a burden on the farmers. While the farmers were sleeping he was trying to do them good. He had got many letters in serted in the Courier that the local papers would not admit, and these letters, let them bear in mind, were upon local injustices. If returned, ha should coutinue to brinp these matters up until they were redressed. Parlia. racnt was the only place in which redrois could be obtained. It was like throwing wator on a duck's buck to agitate for it through the napcr;. Mr. Morgan, in proposing a vote of thanks io tbo Uoturning-oftlcer, said his opponent had told them iio was a plucky man to oppose bira (Mr. Morgan) bacause he had & paper behind his back. That fad was, however, unfortunate for him; while he was proprietor of, the " Warwick Aigua" he would take good care that its editorial columns were not used to promote hia cause. No word in his favour would be permitted to appear ill the editorial columns of the " Arga*." Of course be could uoi prevent, men expressing their views in the coiruFjnndencccolutime. It wasveryunworthy of Mr. WiUon to 6ay that his pnper would Le ujed to further his (Mr. Mo.^au's) candiuV.tnre, It was not only Uiifuir, but quite untrue. Ue thought he wus eutillud to inuke that cxpUna* tion. Mr. Wilson seconded the vole. The litfturniriK-o/ricar having acknowledged the vote, declared ttmt a poll would be taken ou Siturdiiy, March 11, commencing at 8 a.m. and closing ut 4 p.m. iu the Town liali, War wick, and ul Brisbane. He would ask the electors, us a special favour, to come early and urn leave ihe bulk of the voting until late in the afternoon. The poll now cloiiid at 4 o'clock instead of 5. The proceedings then ctaRef?. PliiisKiivi-.i) FlsH tor Lftii. Ail kinds of INcservcd and Tinui'd Vlsh (heal quality) pro4 curable at W. <J. JoilMSUNS Commercial yiorflB* 