'Prose, poetry and song,' said the bar ber, as soon a$ I had taken my seat, 'are delusions/ 'They serve a purpose;, they pourlrav oar nature, and give birth to sentiment which your are always enthusing about.' 'Maybe,' said the barber; 'maybe, but venomous prose on Wednesday told me that The Chief and Cranberry had both been scratched for the Cup; and then they maunder about tie horrors of war. I tell you/ said the barber, growing excited, 'that I had backed both of them heavily. It is irritating, even to a man of my philosophic temperament/ ^Scratching generally is.5 Ha! ha,' squeaked Charlie, Tie don't tumble to the joke/ 'Boy,' said the barber, ruffled to his highest pitch of dignity, ' the apprecia tion by a beardless boy of a childish at tempt at a joke may be pleasant to thef vanity stricken person who occupies this chair, but this is not a minstrel show, and you are fined another sixpence for your boorish behaviour/ 'Alright,' sulkily replied/Charlie, 'that's me week's wages gone, and t 'don't 4o no me re in this shauty if that's the case.' 'You get more than sixpence a week, Charlie? 'Flo yus,' replied Charlie, I'm supposed to get jben bob, and thruppenoe for sneak ing the paper early every morning from Muldoon's front garden, but he's started the *uni-Iateral discipline racket as he called it, and Fm bankrupt with it/. 'Discipline,' said the barber, with an air' of bluffiing pomposity,4 is necessary, whether in the ranks of our national heroes, or-in the equally fiercely contest ed warfare of commerce/ 'It's all very ^vell to'talk stuff nobody understands,' said Charley, and then ap pealing to me he set forth his case. 'On Monday/ the boy commenced, *he cornea to me wif a sheet) of foolscap, where he'd written down the dissapim. Six pence fine for whistling in the shop, an other sixpence for laughing in a vulgar manner, and a lot of other rules. I signed it becauea he said it was the cus tom in all large establishments to fine people as misbehaved theirseives, and last week it brought me axpence in debt, and here's me Week's screw gone again.' *You will appreciate the- discipline,' said the barber, -when you become an tm plover yourself. Youth is a time of trial, "-of measles, and of unprofitable verdure, 'and he who fails to gain his qtiota of' ex ' perience in his early youth, becomes an. eariy; wreck* But to leave such sord;d ; questions, I will revert to poetry, having di?pos«Pd of nrosA. Poetry is a nuisance, Notwithstanding its elevating influences, whjchjiby the way, you know by experi be gained equally as well by the Imbibing of intoxicatinsr liquor. A false impression has obtained by that one line, 'Oh, solitude, where are thy charms.' ' Every morning tance the capture of those 1500* British troops, Muldoon, who has turned and become a patriotic Briton, has incited with* pure Milesian accent, 'On Fontenoy; On Fontenoy/ It is distressing to a person of my calm -and inpefturb able-temperament/ v 'What rot/ * *1 pass by your sneer so vulgarly utr £ered/ said the barber, 'and again pass on to the question of song. Some idiot wrote tliat he eared not who made h:s country's laws if he might vilify it in song. Here we hare been, during the wave of genuine patriotism which has lately rolled over us, singing lustily, 'Sons of the Sea/ and then the prosaic tele graph informs us that the carpenters em ployed in fitting the Cornwall for the re ception of our gallant contingent, possess ed disloyal stomachs, and were unable to do their duty and at the same time gov ern their interior- Really a people which possesses such slight, control over its own. personal arrangements is hardly likely to distinguish itself against an outside enemy. Let us hope that the contingent possesses at least as much stomach for the fight as for the fishes.' 'You- need not be critical. What about, those 1500 men surrendering?' They had no ammunition,' snapped the. barber, 'and on the whole their loss will be an ultimate gain; it will teach the British Generals to be more careful in future. War in the end is amply a cold matter of figures; the race which can suff er the greatest percentage of losses among its ranks without faltering <or retreating must eventually win, and in that respcct, the British, as the violent mortality of. my ancestors proves, are as usual to the forefront.' 'Your ancestors were not the Gordon Highlanders, were they?' Just at this moment a customer enter ed the shop, creating a great clatter by the unruly manner of his entrance. 'Hotofc, ye Sassenach,' he muttered as he subsid ed into a chair. 'Boon wi ta Gkwsters, and hey for Bonnie Bonnie Scotland.' 'Sir,' said the barber horrified. *1 am a loyal barber, and treason may not be uttered in this shop. With regard to- the capitulation of those troops, they fought while they had ammunition, and it was a case of et tu mule.' 'Eh, mon, dinna ye gam at me,' said the intoxicated Caledonian* who was phy sically a man of immense! proportions, 'the hale o' the Breetish Empire is hang ing on to ta kilties an ta breeks o' ia. bonnie Gordon Highlanders. What's the day?' 'To-day, sir,' said the barbei*. cis Satur day.' 'Aye, laddie,' said the man from Cale donia, 'a've miscoonfced a misdoot* It'a ower lang sin' - Halloween. Sair is ma airt the day that a Glengarry o' Ayr should pass the mad-nicht 'oors amang ta streets o' a "heathen toon far from ta Bonnie land o' cakes.' 'Halloween, air,' said the barber, 'was on Wednesday*' *Guid cause hae I ta knaw at.' said Glengarry. 'Wednesday is in ma' calen dar, but where are the subsequent days, Thursday and Friday. McEenzie misled me— and ma feither a meenister! Don ald McDonald, Glengarry, son.o' the manse Woe, is the day ye talk ta la bottle. Maybe its profane, but it was unco fool ish proceeding o' ta Almichty to place a Scotsman. Halloween, and whisky on the same planet. .It is: no' ta sin in ta flesh; it is ta associating circumstances, which have caused a Glengarry to pass three • lang uiehts wi a, stone for his pil low'and ta .haird road for his bead; though, sorrow ta tall3 it is aae me can remember talengtk o* them to a cer tainty. Will ye lend a Glengarry a eax pence, Soapy?' '1 refrain, sir/ said the barber, 'I re frain/ And me sae droothy, mournfully re plied Glengarry, and then his celtic temper risingi 'Ye witless loon ye—ye—hairr stupUngl skin murdering scalliwag, a'll. break ta Sassenach face/ The barber shivered and trembled, sJ much so, that he was compelled to de sist from shaving me, and noticing his pallor, the Glengarry good-liumourcdly turned to me, and showing a handful of silver asked me to come out and drink to the Gordons. With but half my face shaved this was mournfully impossible, and I was obliged to decline; and the Glengarry, with a contemptuous glance at the barber, walk ed out with a very unsteady gait. 'The savage!5 said (the barber as soon as the Scotsman was well out of hearing, *the ludicrous savage. I could liardly restrain myself from violently assaulting him and throwing him out <>f the shop.' 'You thought better of it; for you turn ed as pale as a ghost.' 'That/ said the barber, was temper, not-rfear, and only that I thought I might have him in this chair aild in flict punishment on him in that way I would have bestowed a severe thrashing on him. I was a terror in my young days. My energy in the fray was re markably great.' *Ye& It extended to your legs.' 'Every portion ofmy frame in tho e days,' said the barber, 'quivered with energy and courage, and should England call in her hour of need, I, her worthy son, will respond in stentorian tones.' lake Kicardo and that hay purchase. There is a suggestion of coincidence in that scandalous affair, Victorian hay and a military donkey.' Umph,' said the barber; 'Ricardo is undoubtedly an ass, and I sincerely hope that some cooler officer leads our contin gent when they mount the breach and storm the belching kopjes in South Africa.' Uelching kopjes?' 'I thought you had been in South Afriea- and possessed some local knowledge. Kopjes don't belch.' 'Coppers,' said Charlie 'who had prick ed his ears at the sound of a word re sembling the name of the enemy of him self and his friends, 'Coppers is alright in some things, but they snap a. bloke quick ani lively for shying rocks at Chows. What else is Chows for?' 'Kopjes, kopjes,' said the barber. 'Kopjes are a tree, ah, yes now I have it. 'Kopjes are a tree which grew with the bark inside' 'Rot. Kopjes are lulls or rocks.' 'A careless description,' said the bar ber, 'r<acks are not necessarily hills, nor are hills always rocks. Now that you mention it I remember kopjes in the Transvaal are a different thing altogether from Kopjes. Vni Cape Colony, and bf course you refer to the latter.' 'You are a wriggler. You never stick to one statement for any length of time.' *No one does,' said the barber, 'ex cept an actress about her age. Lily Lang try is 37 years of age every time she mar ries and yet people smilLe at her stead fast adherence to a statement which must have been true at one time.' 'Imagination is akin to falsehood.' 'Imagination,' said the barber, 'is the greatest blessing bestowed on man. Na ture never created it to die of atrophy, and in the ban*en, sun cursed wastes of Australia it is necessary to create the. quality by a stimulating fluid. How brightly the world sparkles behind a glass of inspiring wine, and how profitab!«e all one's financial schemes appear when the tongue loosens and the mer^y quips among good company goes the round, and if losing all knowledge of one's whereabouts ultimately results, and one wakes np and imagines he is in*the city of dreadful night, it is onSy the demon* Ktrataon again of the etematr theory of the compensation of circumstances. Be fsdes to lose consciousness of the fact t:»at one resides in a country where a De Winton catches such an old bird as Dick on on chaff is a delightful occurrence.' 'You ought not to criticise. You are always being hoaxed yourself.' 1 was hoaxed on one occasion to my undoing,' said the barber, 'and that waTs in my marriage; I thought I had mar ried an angel who doated on my utter ances. I have faith in nothing. I am become a Nihilist in my first youth, and my confidence is utterly destroyed.' 'You aredifferent from Lord-Boberfs, who states that he has every confidence in Builer and White.' *lf Roberts is alluding to me in such a covert- manner,1 said the barber, 'I repu diate his acquaintance, and disdain his friendship from the time irJrth. But) Wolsely knows my ability and you wifi probably hear through the cables of a sari pus change in the command in Natal. Roberts dreads my competition an the conduct x>( rtij country's wars. He is as jealous as my wi&, I was talking to such aj nice—' 'Oil. goodness—' 'Good day sir.' " ; , . X 'Next nleasef rf, THE vrcmL Messrs Leonard Dodds and Co. report the output of the Great Cobar. urine for last week «at 68 tons 2ewt of refined ingot copper. - in a recent issue of the Alexandra ®He*« aid', New Zealand, it is stalled that there are 11 dredges working on the Clutha River, «itl«in a radius of 8' miles of ilw township. In one week tfhiay gave V total yield of over 600oz, which "was val ued at £2316, or an average of £210 11/ per dredge. As £50 is morse than suffi cient for the week's expenses, ther<e was a profit of £2706 on the wtdek's opera tions, or an aveifige profit of over £160 per dredge. The total flotql nfliVcapital of the above* enumerated companies! Is £68,500, po that the profit of the week's returns gives? within, a fraction! of 2J per cent, per week, or 130 per cent, per an num. One of the most! promising tin shows In the North is the Star of the South, a few miles from Lrvinebank. It is axt immense deposit of tin bearing stuff, the percentage of black tin being variously estimated at from 3 to 7 per cent. N. Qardman, who made *a rise' in the Vul can, owns the Star of the South, and has a five-head mill on it. With tin at £63 per ton, as it was for years after he put up the mill, there was no profit in dealing with the deposit, but at £140 there is a big difference and the Star of the Smith has deservedly come into prominence. Mr Haiclman, who is one of the champion draught players of the North, has re cently taken up additional leases, the last one:''The Sunbeam,' and is evidently go ing on a big scale. The Sydney 'Bulletin' remarks; that a big Queensland firm with a branch in Sydney was advised of the promise of the Woodlark Island G. M- Company, and snapped up a lot of shares in Sydney at from 3/ upwards, before other Sydney shareholders were in the know. As the said big firm has smart managers at every port, who are paid good salaries, the reported early advice of the Sydney house is easily ex plainable. As a matter of fact the man ager for the firm in question at the near est port to the Woodlarks, was one of the first to know the value of the Koo lamadow lode, and was a shareholder from the first-. There is no doubt that the secrecy observed over the Woodlark Is materially affecting the value of the shares in the Woodlark Island Company.. The Company and a Towers Syndicate bow practically own the whole of the Ivanhoe lode at Koolamadow, which has several times been described in this pa per. The present hfigh price of tim and the introduction <of dredging has started what may be a big industry in mining, end dredging for stream tin may yet cmuc a stir in North Queensland. Mw*— Qard and party, of the Puxadfflr IHgjgtars, near Argentine, have aec.uwn Swe lafles of Running Creek, in the tMafef Of'Kgm garoo Hills. The properties^ vto m in formed, are estimated to jeotiUB <it ap proximate capacity of two nfWoa cubic ~ yards, with an average yield of 7£tt> of black tin to the yard. At the present price of tin and quality as shown by as say, the extraction ought to be worth nearly 7/- a yard, that) is if the assays are right and the facilities for economical working satisfactory. The prospectors in taking tests came across & small nug get of gold (2grs.,) in a dish of wash. We understand the properties are under offer to a wealthy Southern investor, who lias already madd a conditional proposal. There hasbeen quite a rush on this class of area, and the whole of Running Creek has been pegged, excepting some very stony parte, where a dredge could not be employed. The Brilliant Extended hag crushed 300 tons of stone for 164ioz. gold. Kelly's Queen Block has crushed §43 tpjis of stoae for 607oz. gojd. 