THE TRANSVAAL DESPATCH. Thank Heaven, it is all over. I can breathe freely — can vnguely gasp how that ono Blip of mino, at tho moment when tho scales in tho Transvaal wcro balancing so breathlessly, might have coino near to spelling a national disaster. Looking back it all seems dreamlike, incredible. My hard-earned holiday, I bad worked in tho Capo Government Office neurly three years without one, was not duo for nearly six months more. Five minutes beforo tho chief of my department hud called mo in aud handed mo the locked leather caso I bad not the faintest idea I was to bo lot off those six months and, moreover, to carry dis patches invested, in tho light of possible events, with an iinportanco beyond words. ' There it is. You thoroughly uiidor- stnnd 1 Straight to the Colonial Office, and don't lose siidit of it for a moment. It may mean war, it may mean nothing. Whether or no, a dozbn newspapers in London would pay any prico to bo able to publish it beforo it is read in tho House of Commons — if over it is 1 Aud if that happened ! Your berth has been bookod in tho Cape Costlo, and you start to-morrow morning.' That was it. I know I wont in a quiver of indcscribablo auspenso all the voyage, partly for fear anyouo might " discover what it . Was I guarded so / jealously in that corner of my cabin, and partly because I was free, to marry Lottio whoso last quivering words had beon : 'Co, if you must Brian, if it means advancement ; but I never expect to see you again.' And hero was South ampton in sight, and in my pocket tho Bupurb bluo diamond slio was to wear on our wedding day. What an exquisite surprise. She would know nothing until tho moment I handed in my card. Tho ouo person in tho world I bad dared to trust was her brother, Jack Hitmlvii. tho oldest and best friend I had. . I had telegraphed to Ins rooms from Maderin, just hinting that my luggago was valuable, aud telling him to meet tho vessel at Southampton ; and ovon in that I had taken tho precaution to use a crudn codo that wo had con cocted in tho old romantic days at school. His would bo safo company until tho dispatch was delivered, and then, but the rost was too intoxicating to bcor thinking At Lost 1 Tho Capo Costlo hiul kept her linio almost to tho hour. Feeling just a tritlo sick and strange after the long suspense, I had passed tho Customs, and stood ataring round for a sight of Jack Hamlyn. Tho telegram had surely reached him, he would understand it, ho would bo here well in timol Yesl A few minutes of uncertainty, and then : ' Brian, old follow, yes, it is you,' struck . on my strained ear. 1 Overcome, Brian ? I hardly wonder, all this time. Oh, aye ; I forgot, I've given up my beard Binco you went. And wo both laughed. 'This way I, in simply dying to heiu ftU about it. f10 held my arm in tho old impetuous fashion now. Been waiting hours. No not a soul dreams of you having arrived— trust mo. Lnttio 1 Er— yes, she's right enough, I boliove.' ' Believe 1' I stopped dead. His voice had trailed off strangely. 'Jack/ I whispered, huskily, ' you look— you so something to toll mo. Isn't alio— isn t she just tho samol Her lost letter « Why, of course.' Ho laughed so boisterously at my whitened face tliot tho weight slipped off my mind at once. Nothing hud happened. Do you think I'd dcceivo you, Brian V lie was saymg. Tho idea. Another twelvo hours or so, and you'll have tho joy of seeing tho old flush danco into her cheeks. But what was it you meant in tho cablo about— — 'Twelvo hours. I'm going on by tho first train, now at once, I must. Instructions— straight to tho Colonial Office, you know.' « Really 1' It was Jack's turn to stare now. ' There, now ; I've taken tho trouble to get rooms at tho hotel close here, and a good ineal all ready for you, thinking you'd Htart homo fintt thing in the morning. Why, I doubt whether there's any train to-night, all the pas sengers nro stopping. Besides, you couldn't sco Lottio till to-morrow any how, could you 1' i > t ' No, of course not. Only— I stood a minuto turning it over. Ono night could make no difference, tho authorities would not bo in attendance tilt morning. I bad landed safely, and Jack was here, dear old Jock Hamlyn. 1 Como along, then ; you take tho big box. I'm glad I wired now.' Fifteen minutes later wo were sitting in the privato room of all hotel. Tho dispatch was safe in my small trunk. If only Lottio could see us at that minute, how her brown velvety eyes would widen. If only the London editors, eagerly com peting for information, hud guessed at mo coiiicnis or — \ 'Just imagine.' Jack repeated, craning himself ovei tho red coals. I had just told him ; tlioro was no secret in the world I should havo dreamed of with holding froin Jack. ' Eh I I'm looking .awfully queer 1 Pooh, it is you who have taken in a fresh stock of vitality out yonder. Dad and tho others!— yes, all going well nnd atrong.' ' All 1' I dropped my voice, I was touching on tho faintest skeleton lioro. Er — you don't includo Wilfred, of course ! No change or liopo in that direction, I suppose ! I've never heard a word of him.' And you won't Brian,' Jack whispered that, witli'a hand to his oyo, ho had been tho last to taboo that scapegrace brother of his, I know. 1 Ho doesn't count, a hopeless outsider, wo don't mention his name it we can lioip ici raving i rso uuu knows ; at least, it is some days since ho lost camo trying to squeeze more money by lios from me, and, and you know what I'vo dono for him in times past. But drop that now. You wrote homo about soino diamonds, do show mo V ' Turned them all into cash at a profit,' I laughed ; ' all oxcept one, nnd that I've lmd set in a broach for — you can guess who. Tt's in tho big trunk, yon can sco it when wo go up to hod.' So wo chattered on, until an irresis- tiblo drowsiness crept over me. I was dozin" as Jack talked ; and soon after fund I caught up tho small trunk and declared for hod and a clear head in the morning. Tho raorniDg— tho significant ffiornlnff- i ejjvrgm fcu tbejjlftfd Colonial Secrotry himself.' .... Up wo wcnt- , . rn T Oh 1 my buzzing Iry as l would, tired as I felt, I could uot quito succeed in losing consciousness. Had I done wrong in staying hero!— might tho delay of oven thoso few hours mean dnngor 1 — was I quito suro I had locked that door! Most provoking. Onco or twico I whispered to Jack in tho bed opposite, but only a prolonged ' Ch-r-rh, answered mo. Finally, I gavo up trying, nnd lay framing Lottie's oval face in that wavering rellcction of tho gaslight ovor- licnd. Heaven nlono know what it had meant to lenvo tho woman ono longed for, ana now Oh, what was that! A clock down stairs had just struck cloven times, and at tho last stroke Jack had swayed silently up ill bed, nnd sat staring across in ray direction. A query was on my lips, but I could not sound it. Perhaps my eyes wcro nearly closed, but I could sco . « ... 1!.. ill o uMII enough to inane mo iiu while a kind of mysterious misgiving crept through me- wl,y I lmrdly know, I must havo been inspired by Bliecr instinct. But Jack over there, ho had lifted himself out of bed with a qucor stealth ; he had takon a stop, and still stared across in that unnerving way. I wanted to spring up nnd gasp at tho end of tho spell, but there seemed a mesmeric numbness in my limbs. Why, on that craned faco of bis, almost chalk-white it looked in the low glimmer of the gas light botwecn us, was thcro an indescrib able expression of mixed dread and evil! Merciful heavens, did it meun that Jack, my oldest and dearest chum, who bad chased butterflies with mo in the meadows twenty vears ago .' . , Onemoro Htoalthy step, as if to moke quite suto of— yes— of my sublime un consciousness. Now, ho was hesitating, like the man weighing all the odds for nnd against some design ; now ho was slipping on his clothes, . . . Fully drcs- s«l, lint, boots, and all ! Ho took some- _ f- Ulu nnrknfc. RtOlO aCfO- VW quietly, and dropped it ever so lightly across my faco— a silk handkerchief. . . . Tho thing seemed too paralyzing for sanity. I remember I counted just sixty —a minute of nameless horror to mo: and uot till afterwards did I know- why I made no sign or sound. Then m> tcoth closed on a fold of the silk, nnd drew it down a little ; I could no, see. . . If ever a man's heart stood all but still through thick amazement mine did then. The Transviuil despatch. Ho meant to steal it, to sell its signed contents at a prico, to set England ringing with news that might hurry on an awful cnsis. Tho koy in my trousers pocket : ho had found thn small trunk, was lmlf way to tho door with the precious ieather case. Ho was gone ; no, ho hesitated again, tip-toed back, and was on his knees bohind tho big box. Jack Hnm yn, tho brother of tho woman whoso lovo had beon my guaadian angel, ho nlono knew of my return ; ho meant to rot mo of my honour and of my valuables Think of it ! Perhaps n minuto passed, and ho had not found tho bluo diamond. Of course 1 Another minute, and lie would remember tlmt, after mak ing it flash beforo my oyes, I had placed it in the belt pocket round my waist, along with a roll of bank notes. fo como at that bo would need to rouso me, to kill me. , , i And lio would do it. Of a sudden ho got to his feet, hud recollected. And now, did I livo a hundred years longer, 1 could never forget how tho cold sweat crawled out upon me that moment, Ins hands were plucking back tho bed clothes. Thief.' The ono choking word burst from my lips as I panted up. Thnnk Heaven. That contact had broken "tho unaccount able lcthogry, and for tho next moment I know nothing except that I really had him by tho throat in nil insano gnp, fer- gotting all but tho ono monstrouB fact that lie luul attempted tlio most despic able part that a man could play upon another. What next 1 Why. there was a brief blind struggle, deadly shock and liaulkcd design on his part, and incredu- lous passion on mine. And then I Imd sent him reeling back to tho floor in a spasm of loathing. Just the one dull bump, there ho lay, quito still. Dead! I did net pause to know. Dazed, trembling with tho ro-action, I bad only a wild longing to bo out of tho pluco before ho stirred. How I dressed I shall never know ; but in a minuto or two I was at tho door, tho despatch safo in my pocket. Down tho staircase I went, and, perhaps, luckily there happoncd to bo no ono at tho hotel ontranco to inter cept mo, or more might havo happened. Now I was out in tho sweet night air, hurrying I had no idea where. Only to Icavo the plnco and that prone scoundrel bohind. Heavens! that struggle wns shuddering upon mo still. The precious despatch tho Colonial Gffico, ... i r>_: i nrion 1. . It's Brian 1 Quick, here.' \V— wlihnt was that! The wild cry, from u woman's lips, pulled mo up and partially back to scuso boforo, as it seemed I had gone a hundred yards. ' Brian !' rang through my coufused bjaui. Was that Lottie's own dear voice 1— the world como to its end! It was wholly too much for my Btraincd nerves, there camo a sort of blank. They told me afterwards tlmt I caught at a railing and slid down besido it helplessly. Why, yes — think of it. A sob, a broken ' Thank God ! Oh, thank God for this!'— and my eyes opened. JWhat a dream 1 My Lottio herself, white and sweet, holding both niy hands. Quito enough. After that, I know what tho touch of firm ground to the feet of a drowning man must be. uot 1L, uuar — .W. v..v wedding.' I recollect whisporing up, in quito a childish ccstacy. 'Shines bo beautiful.' 'Bettor, sir!' asked tho policoraan. ' Ayo, bettor now, old man 1' echoed another deep voico, that startled mo to my senses as nothing olso coald liavo done. Why, tho man who bad beon sup porting mo in his arms — ' J — Jack 1' I gasped, staring wildly. 'Yes, yes, wo know all, or wo guess. Novor mind, so long ns wo aro hero in timo. 'Sh, not a word now, for his own siiko if not ours. Ho whisporod in my car, and indeed I know it was my Jack Hamlyn, if only by tho touch of- bis beard. 'Tell us afterwards. I'vo blun- doruJ J and o scouodrbl bis taken cdvant tage of it to try on the dirtiest trick of his contcniptiblo life. Wilfred ! Horo, constablo, it's all right; show us to a decent hotel.' In less than an hour I had como out of darkenes3 into sunshine indeed, and was ab'o to seo to the end of what had appeared such an appalling mygtery. My fatal slip, uiy cablegram in code. Jack, it appeared, who rented a bachelor's apartmont near tho city, had received tho mcssago from Madeira in duo course. Mystified at first, ho lmd at longtli managed to translate tho words into souse, ana muao arruugeiuu»»-o w at Southampton to meet tho vessel. On tho nil important day, whilo at breakfast ho recollected some vital business affair, and hurried off to catch his businoss partner, leaving tho mcssago and its solution besido his plute, aud, in that un lucky interval, something happened. Wilfred, his scapcgjace brother had called thcro — for monoy, doubtless, as bo oftcd did— seen tho messago, and, quicu- b rained ns lio was unscrupulous, had instantly concoived somo idea of meeting rao in tho character of Jock and making off witli tho valuables I had hinted at. How? There wa3 Jack's coffee on tho stove— tho landlady said Mr. Hamlyn would bo back insido half-nn-hour— tlio schemer saw liis likeliest chance in a ilnsh.g Tho half-hour had sufficed. With out knowing why or how. Jack had como out of deadly stupor late in the afternoon, to find that tho locked door had been forced, and Lottio and a doctor sent for by bis landlady, bonding over him. Drugged ! — probably with tho bulk of the very opiato which hod been put into my own glass at tho hotel hours lator. Only recollecting thatJWilfred had been and had Been the cablegram, fcJack ^in stantly went off to catch the evening oxpross to Southampcou, and, needless to say nothing in tho world would proventtho woman I loved from accompanying him. An anxious tramp with tho policeman through Southampton stroots, making in- « V I aLam T Un/l mtotiiwl quiries every wnere, auu wu»« a. im by them like n. ghost. Yes, it was a clover plot conceived so swiftly, and carried out with ft staggering success, only tliut my. overwrought brain had resisted tho drug and turned the scale just in tho nick of time. And not the least strange part of the affair was that, making inquiry that eventful event ful night, wo found that "Wilfred Hamlyn had contrived to como to his senses and slip out of the hotel unnoticed, with only my small tin trunk and its few contents to compensate him for his cunning and and risk. 4 Ho is welcome to all that T says I/jfc- ... !.L i .'a t. amah lie, wiwi wjara iir ujreo. And, all things considered, I agree. For, as it turned out, the contents of tho despatch were never divulged to tlio public. In tho light of oubscquont events, I can only tremblo at tho thought of what might havo happened had they seen tho light of day in the columns of an enterprising news sheet. 