THE EXHIBITION. OPENING DAY. AN ENORMOUS ATTENDANCE SUCCESSFUL DISPLAY OF QUEENSLAND PRODUCTS. THE OPENING CEREMONY. The opening ceremony in connection with the Exhibition was arranged for 12 o'clock noon, and at that hour his Excellency the Governor and Lady Lamington, his Excel- lency Admiral Pearson, and his Excellency the Hon. G. H. Le Hunte, Lieutenant Govcrnor of British New Guinea, with a large party, arrived. His Excellency the Governor was received by a guard of honour from the Permanent Artillery, and the Headquarters Band played a few bars of the National Anthem. His Excellency was received by Messrs. R. Galley (chairman of the National Agricultural and Industrial Association), J. Hardgrave, and John Jack- son (members of the council), and conducted to a dais erected in the large annexe near the building formerly used for Exhibition purposes. At this point there was a large gathering, including Sir Hugh Nelson (Pre- sident of the Legislative Council), the Hon. J. R. Dickson (Premier), the Mayor (Alder- man Seal), Mr. T. Macdonald-Paterson, M.L.A., the Hon. John M'Master, M.L.C., Mr. R. Fraser, Lieutenant-Colonel Lyster, and others. As the Governor's party took their seats on the dais Mr. J. F. Cole pre- sented Lady Lamington with a very hand- some bouquet of immortelles. Sir Hugh Nelson said they desired to ask his Excellency to open the twenty- fourth Exhibition of the Queensland National Agricultural and Industrial Association. The Exhibition was quite up to any pre- vious one, excepting, perhaps, in one par- ticular--the cattle. Exhibits were prevented from coming here simply through the tick pest, which had bothered them for some time. The association had for some time been in difficulties, but he was pleased to say that, through the liberality of the Go- vernment, it was now in a very satisfactory position. He was very glad to see such a large attendance of the public, and to see the city thronged with so many people from the country. Exhibitions did a great deal of good in bringing people together, and he was sure that going round the Exhibition would not i only be a pleasant form of amusement, but would have a very benefi- cial educative effect on all people. He had much pleasure in asking his Excellency to declare the twenty-fourth Exhibition open. His Excellency Lord Lamington said he was glad to have the assurance of Sir Hugh Nelson that the Exhibition was quite equal to any of its predecessors, and from the very short inspection he had made on the pre- vious day he could also speak of the ex- cellence of the exhibits. From time to time, and every year, as far as possible, he made himself acquainted with the country, and every year he was more impressed with its natural resources. There was a vast extent of fertile country to be found in Queensland, which was quite capable of being cultivated by white men. All that was required was greater population ; and hearing, as they had heard, that Brisbane this year was full beyond pre- vious records, he trusted that that way a forecast of what was going to take place through the length and breadth of Queensland--that the people com- ing into the country would be greatly aug- mented in the future. With industry and contentment, and with the institutions of the country on a wider basis, and with freer association of commerce, he was sure that Queensland in the future would prove her- self to be the wealthiest and most progres- sive State of Australia. With these words he had the greatest pleasure in declaring the Exhibition open. Sir Hugh Nelson called for three cheers for his Excellency, which were heartily given, with another for Lady Lamington. His Excellency and pnrty were then con- ducted through the building, and the open- ing function was over. NOTES OF THE DAY. A large number of people have described this year's Exhibition, as viewed from a general standpoint, to be equal to any former show at Bowen Park. Certainly there was a great deal to be admired, and many Queenslander must have experienced a sense of pride at the thought of being sons of a land so fertile and productive. The attendance constituted a record. Up to 6 o'clock last night the turnstiles showed that 29,597 persons had paid for admission, and 968 persons holding members' tickets had attended the show. The evening's attend- ance numbered 1572, and 208 members, or a grand total of 32,345, not including a very large number of attendants and officials. Last year the attendance on opening day numbered 24,000, which was greater than any year between that and 1891. In the latter year a record was established which was not broken until yesterday. The figures on that occasion were slightly over 31,000. The takings yesterday amounted to about £1300, as against £867 last year. Dur- ing the day the building (annexes) and ground were densely thronged. Everything of interest was surrounded by many scores of people, and the scene was full of life and animation. There was no lack oí noise. The whirr of wheels at the ma- chinery exhibits, the lowing of cattle, the tramp of horses, the hoarse cries of show- men, the beating of drums, and the doubtful music of steam organs, with the ceaseless buzz of conversation carried on by the crowd, combined to make what at times proved an almost unpleasant uproar. But the crowd was out for a holiday. All the country towns within a day's journey of our capital added their quota to the assemblage, and mingled with the white faces of the towns- folk were many sunburnt visages that spoke of life beneath a hot sun in the open field. It was " hail fellow, well met" everywhere, and friends met and parted, or paused to talk awhile. Truly, at the Exhibition yes- terday a student of human nature might have found food for many a day's reflection, and he could not have failed to notice that overywhere good humour existed. In the early part of tho day the visitors occupied themselves chiefly in inspecting the various exhibits, although a goodly number walked about the grounds. The parade of horses and the jumping attracted crowds of sight- seers, who occupied every point of vantage and disadvantage. Fences and rails fur- nished seats to not a few, and the seats around the ring were never empty. The side-shows attracted much attention, both inside and outside the building, and stolid folk from " 'way back" stood listening to those who pleaded for patronage, and told wonderful stories about the wonders to be seen within their several booths. The re- freshment and luncheon " rooms" did roaring trade, and he who got satisfactory attention was a happy man, so great was the rush. At night things were quieter, and when the gates were finally closed it was hard to realise that only a few hours before so many thousands of people had congregated together and enjoyed the sights provided on the opening day of the Exhibition of 1899. The secretary of the association (the Hon. H. C. Wood) had a busy time of it. He courteously assisted all he could, and did his utmost to oblige everyone. But several matters would have been of far less trouble to the whole staff had more system been ob- served--although it must be borne in mind that there are a thousand-and-one things to be arranged. The stewards in the various sections, who acted principally as judges' secretaries, in many instances kept the judges' books in their possession for an un- necessarily long time, and in some cases had to be sent to in order to obtain them. It should be arranged that one man--not the secretary, for he is too busy--should have the sole control of all the judges' books, issue them, recording as he goes, and insist on their prompt return when the judge has finished his work. It would have conduced much to the com- fort of the public if there had been one entrance to the annexes and a passage for egress, instead of having one opening to be used alike by persons coming in and going out. At the gates facing Gregory-terrace, which were thrown open at 6 o'clock last night to allow people to leave the grounds, vehicles, horsemen, and pedestrians were mingled together, and accidents were nar- rowly averted. There seems no valid rea- son why vehicles and foot passengers should attempt to use the same gateway. THE DISTRICT EXHIBITS. The opinion was expressed in yesterday's issue that the three district exhibits erected in the annexes at Bowen Park would do no discredit to any country in the world. The same opinion was voiced by many of the thousands who yesterday were fortunate enough to get near them for the crush from the time the gates were opened at noon until they were closed again in the evening was tremendous. Early in the morning the judges' awards wore made known, and the cards ticked on as follows :- Warwick, 1 ; Lockyer, 2 ; Logan, 3. Strangely enough, this happens to be the relative positions of the exhibits. It is no dis- paragement of Lockyer or Logan to say that the Warwick win was a popular one, and the veteran Mr. Selke was warmly con- gratulated on every hand. It was a most comprehensive collection, embracing as it did no fewer than fourteen sections, each remarkably strong, if we may except to- bacco and school exhibits. The maximum number of points was secured in dalry pro- duce, grains, wine and other drinks, and fine arts ; indeed, it would have required some explanation if Warwick, the centre of " the garden of Queensland," had not come up to the mark in the three first- named departments. In hay and chaff the top of the standard was not reached, and wool was even much below what it ought to have been. Still, in the latter, Warwick obtained the highest number of points given, although beaten by Lockyer in hay and chaff, in foods (fresh and preserved), and tied in dairy produce. Indeed, a glance at the award below will demonstrate how close the district below the Range came to t!he one over it. As previously stated, the several departments were well represented, and the whole conveyed the impression that Mr. Selke had left very little at home. Yangan gave prominence to the dairy sec- tion with Its magnificent trophy of cheese ; the foods were represented by flour, wheat- meal, arrowroot, spiced beef, and tongues, hams, bacon, lard, preserves, many kinds of game, including hares; the grains com- prised every c'onceivable kind, from four- teen different varieties of wheat to cowpea ; gigantic pumpkins introduced a startling array of fruits, vegetables, and roots, be- ginning with olives and ending with the homely sweet potato ; manufactures in- cluded a list much too long for publication here ; while minerals were shown in the form of nuggety-looking specimens from the Gladstone mine, TlaHsaf, and other quartz less studded with gold ; and the timber resources were illustrated by a huge plank of polished cedar of beautiful grain and colour. A great glass case of white and blue violets and other flowers mado many people envious. The experience of past years has not been lost on Mr. Selke, who has led Warwick to victory five times out of seven, and twice captured second prizes. Nothing was pitchforked into posi- tion, but laid out apparently in accord with a carefully-devised plan. Everything was shown to advantage, nothing was hidden, and the compactness with which the dif- ferent exhibits were arranged permitted visitors to pass between them conveniently, except, of 'course, when the whole annexes were packed. The present year makes the fourth in which the Lockyer district has contested for the much-coveted prize--once with first honours, three times with second. For the last two years, however, they have been absent. In regard to their display, which is a highly creditable one in every parti- cular, the fact that there has recently been a show at Laidley operated in their favour. Much on exhibition at Bowen Park has boon moved bodily from Laidley. Nearly all the hay and chaff, the grains, the pota- toes, the root crops, honey, manufactures, &c;,. was so collected, and the good run they made for first honours goes to prove the assertion made in respect of the Laidley show-- namely, that it was one of the best seen for years in Southern Queensland. The strong points in the collection were dairy produce, flowers, foods, manufactures, and hay and chaff. Had they had any tobacco, and had succeeded in getting a very few polnlts, say, in wool (they only received 2 out of 9), and in fine arts, it would have gone hard wiilth Warwick. Under the cir- cumstances, and consulting the list of points given by the judges, one is forced to the conclusion that a little more energy, say, in the collection of exhibits, would have proved advantageous. Still, Lockyer did well, and the absence of entries is not always so much due to want of enterprlse on the part of the committee as to the apathy and pro- mise-breaking propensities of settlers. No finer maize, hay, or potatoes could possibly be produced, and as for the manufactures-- well, they were diversified and in bulk. The Logan exhibit seemed to suffer from the fact that nothing--save, perhaps, arrow- root--was shown in anything like large quantity. Not but that it could have been otherwise ; but Logan depends more on a local trade than an export one ; and, besides, where there were so many things to be shown, there was not room for all to be in bulk. The great range in the products was the most striking feature, perhaps, about the display. For instance, there were the root and other crops of cold climates ranged alongside of sugar from Loganholm, rice from Pimpama, coffee from Mount Cot- ton, and chicory from Wolfdene. The dairy produce may be described as good, and t'he fruits, vegetables, and roots, and manu- factures particularly so ; while in sugar they, of course, scooped all the points. They reached the maximum allowed, too, for school work, some of which was really ex- cellent, as well as novel. For instance, there were exercises in German, written by the children of German parentage, and quite a new thing in the shape of maps illustrative of the products and industries of Ireland and Scotland. These were undoubtedly clever, as well as educational, and made one wish that the students had undertaken a map of Queensland similarly drawn. The handi- craft of the housewife was demonstrated in many ways, one of the most interesting being a hat made by Mrs. Velvers from the husks of the corncob ; while among the manufactures, one of the most notable ex- hibits was a butter-worker, for both farm and factory, planned on original lines, and made by Mr. F. W. Peek. The section was rather tastefully arranged, and had not the crowded appearance of that set out by Lock- yer. Some pretty effects were achieved, one of the best being through the medium of a very large cabbage-tree palm, in which was perched a peacock--stuffed, of course. The present makes tho second time Logan has contested, being awarded second place on the first occasion. There were then, how- ever, only two competitors, and on the points given shows no depreciation. With the knowledge that both Warwick and Lock- yer had a distinct advantage over them, by showing the products in exportable quanti- ties, Logan will doubtless profit by the ex- perience, and will next time show more in bulk, and less in samples. The following table shows the judges' awards, and the points given in the re- spective sections :-- Maximum Points: Warwick(1). Lockyer (2). Logan(3). Dairy produce .... 9 9 9 6 Fine arts .... 5 5 3 1 Flowers, cut and in pots .... 5 4 5 2 Foods (fresh and preserved, in- cluding honey) .... 9 7 9 6 Fruits, vegetables, and roots .... 9 6 7 8 Grains .... 9 9 5 2 Manufactures .... 9 6 9 7 Minerals, building materials, and woods .... 9 6 6 3 School exhibits .... 5 3 2 5 Sugar .... 8 0 0 6 Wine and other drinks .... 5 5 2 4 Wool .... 9 6 2 2 Tobaccos .... 3 1 0 0 Hay, chaff, &c.; ... 6 5 6 3 Totals: 100 72 65 65 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE. The great and valuable collection of the Department of Agriculture beare testimony to the practical utility of the work that is being carried on at the experimental farms and the college under its care. It fur- nishes unmistakable evidence of the thor- oughness of that work, and speaks elo- quently of the abilities of the departmental experts. There are really five State insti- tutions represented—The Hermitage, West- brook, Gingie (Central division), and Red- land Bay experimental farms, and the Agricultural College at Gatton. Taking the latter first, it may be said that the exhibit which commands priority of attention ara the boxes of growing grasses and clovers, which form a verdant base to a trophy com- posed for the most part of cheese, pasteur- ised milk, and condensed milk. These grasses, Sic, wore taken from the experi- mental plots about a week ago, and include four different varieties of rye, five of clover, prairie, and the.paspatum dilatatum (a grass which is now being largely grown for dairy herds in the Northern districts of New South Wales. The cheeses aggregate nearly halt-a-ton, and, like the pasteurised and condensed milk, have been turned out by the college students under Mr. Mahon, the principal. The same may be said o£ the bacon and hams. Among the vege- tables, &c;, are pumpkins, maize, seed nf different grasses experimented with, bea/a, herbs, cabbages, cauliflowers, carrots, pota- toes, and swede turnips-the latter of ex- traordinary size, since they are but of 2^j months' growth. All are particularly fine. Then there is butter, wheat, and a variety of other things, which together made up an impressionable display. Boxes of ensilage which stand alongside the barrier proclaim their presence. Ono of these shows the onsilage in silo, and another in stack, the samples being taken from part of i;50 tons \inado this year in silo, and of about 160 tons made in stack. A judicious arrange- ment of palms and photographs- illustrative of work at the college and of farming on the Downs generally- provides the necessary adornment of a really practical exhibit, which is under the charge of one of the students (Mr. P. M. Bayley). The Hermitage and Westbrook displays occupy the centre of the square, most of the articles forming them being effectively arranged on a large stand. Each farm occupies one side of this, and not an inch of space is wasted. The collections impress one the more when it is remembered the brief time which the farms have been in operation-only about two years-and the uncharitable soil operated upon. The Her- mitage farm was actually rejected by every farmer in the district who wanted land ; yet, notwithstanding this-the poorness being intensified by the alkali patches which occur-the officers of the department have been able to produce articles which every- body admits could not be beaten. But, after all, the real test is not so much the pro- duction of creditablo commodities on rich, land, as the practical utilisation of inferió« country ; and in this respect both the Her- mitage and Westbrook stand out as educa- tional examples. There are mangolds from the Hermitage scaling 401b., and carrots run- ning up as high as lib. or 5Tb. The standard of the other products can be judged by these. Not the least interesting are the sorghums, the twelve varieties of liguminous beans, t¡he amber canes, and the 408 varieties of wheat-all grown at the Hermitage last year. The whole of these latter are mounted on screens in individual samples, labelled and numbered; and as an additional guide there are descriptive catalogues, which have been prepared by Mr. W. Soutiter, the inspector of State farms. There is also a very fine collection of the natural grasses of the Darling Downs, collected by Miss Ross (daughter of the manager of Her-« mitage). One would scarcely think, looking at the collection from Westbrook, that the land which produced it was most suitable fon fruit aud vines. As a matter o'f fact, the pumpkins were raised on a hard, stony piece of grouud cultivated as deep as it was pos- sible to do by the subsoiler, and the whole indicate what can be done by perseverance. 'The swedes, white globe and golden turnips, and the sorghums among other things, would be extremely difficult to beat. Under each sheaf o£ amber cane, sorghum, or other pro- duct arc bags of seed and chaff. Even tha cowpea, hitherto regarded in the light of a moslb valuable green manure only, is reduced to chaff which it is asserted forms a complete ration, 'for the horses-that is, the animal can liv<T and work on it just as effectively as if fe« on lucerne and corn. Ensilage made oi amber cane forms an interesting exhibit inasmuch as Tjhilo it does not emit tht offensive smell usu'al to silos its flavour is reminiscent of French prunes- Then there arc many kinds of meal and tobacco (of which Mr. Neville speaks most highly), andi the deadly effects of a spray used on prickly pear is exemplified in specimens of this noxious growth which at present lenders unavailable many thousands of acres of otherwise valuable land. .The exhibits from Gindie and from Red- land Bay farms are small. The latter com prisc3 beans, the value of which as green, ci op manures have been fully demonstrated, and the former a number of variedles of native grasses, among which are prominent ?the well-known blue. Mitchell, and Flinders grasses. The cultivation of the Flinders grass is, we understand, about to be taken, up at the Gindie farm. As we have stated, the combined exhibit is a most comprehen- sive one. Yet as we know, it by no means represented the entire work of the farms under State control. For instance, look what might be added from the tropical nursery at Kamerunga, or the one at Mac- kay, or, coming nearer home, that so re- cently established at Biggenden, and with the products of which Mr. Tardent, the manager, made such a creditable show at Maryborough. That display covered prac- tically all the articles now shown at Bowen Park, although it has only been established some six months or so. All who have had to do with the Bowen Park collection from, the Minister (Hon. J. V. Chataway), Mr. M'Lean, Mr. Mahon (the principal at Gatton), Mr. Souuter, to the various managers and overseers, are deserving of the utmost credit, and in awarding praise for present achievements Mr. Benson, must not be for- gotten, for it must be remembered that it was he who, so far as the State farms are concerned, did the bulk of the pioneer work from which is now blossoming such splendid results. MISCELLANEOUS HORSES. As usual on the opening day, the proceed- ings In the show ring were the principal attraction, and the parades of horses and cattle, the judging of the miscellaneous horses, including ladies' and gentleman's hackneys, harness and carriage horses and ponies, the trotting aud hunters' jumping competitions, and the physical drill with arms hy squads of Queensland Rifles, created an amount of interest which has never been surpassed, and rarely equalled at any of the association's Exhibitions. Colonel Ricardo and ¡Messrs. E. Harding, R. A. Johnstone, and C W. Bundock were the judges for the day, and Jieedless to say they were kept 'busy to the end of tho programme. There was a really good tura out this year oí hackney geldings and mares in both the 13st. and list, classes, and a select, if small, tnumlber of ladies' hacks con'tes'ted for the association prize, which ¡was won by Dr. Jaokson's gelding The ¡Hennit, riddon by .Miss Thurlow. The classes for geldings and mares driven in single harness filled quite as well as usual, and the judges and stewards remarked specially upon the ex- cellent turn out of harness horses through- out, more than the usual amount of car» and attention having evidently been devoted with a view to securing a creditable ap- pearance. The ponies were quite, up to the mark attained in previous years, but in the opinion o£ the judges nothing has yet beea discovered capalble of lowering the colours of those two long-standing champions of their respective classes-Mr. A. E. Oxen ham's brown gelding ¡Professor, and the beau- tiful Trilby, belonging to Mr. ¡W. H. Hardy» THE HANDICAP TtROT. One of the sights of the afternoon was the Time Handicap Trot in harness, two miles (eight laps), driver's weight to be not leas than lOst. 71b., first prize £7, second &X; 10s. Most of the interest in this event. however, was lost, owing to the ease with which Mr. J. Stevenson's colt Young Antrim kept the lead which ho «ecurod by BtarUn« from scratch. Both The* Hjarrikln *ná »Brownie, who ¡finished second and third TG~\ epectlvely, trotted ¡well, hut they to«4,Ji Chance of getting near the winner. Young ¡Antrim, who was in the eocperienced hands of J. Moore, is a handsome though small son oft Antrim from Rc3amary, and with the improvement that ought reasonably to toe expected of him he should be a worthy ¡representative of his sire. HUNTERS' PLATES. The Hunters' Plate, the prizes in which were 35 sovs. for first, 10 sovs. for second, and 5 sovs. for third, was contested under the usual conditions. Each competitor was required to carry not less than 13st,, and the event was open to horses and riders from any of the Australian colonies and New Ztaland ; to be judged for general hunting qualifications, and in the opinion of the judges to be up to 13st. with hounds; the fences not to exceed 4ft. Cin. in height. The entries did not include any importa- tions from the other colonies, but the twelve horses who took part in the competition were a fine collection of fencers, and their performances were worthy of the hearty applauso with which they wore greeted, especially in view of the soft and dangerous nature of the take-off at each of the hurdles. After the flist round, indeed, the ground on each side of the fences was so badly torn up that it was something to marvel at that the subsequent proceedings were not accompanied with many falls. After the hurdles had been raised to their maximum height the best of the jumpers proved to be the well-known hunters Cres- cent and Anyhow, belonging to Messrs. R. Thurlow and E. Winter respectively, and Mr. B. Sloane's little gray mare Flirtation, who will be remembered as the heroine of last year's high jumping contest. These three had secured an equal number of marks at the close of the Becond round, and as an extra round failed to effect any altera- tion in the marks, the judges declined to separate them, and a conference of the owners led to an equal division of the prize money. This result was pretty freely com- mented upon as unworthy of the judges, who had the condition of general hunting qualifications to fall back upon to assist them in giving a straight-out decision. Their unwillingness to avail themselves of this condition opens up again the question of judging upon point3 in these competi- tions, and as all three of the horses named became inellgiblo to compete in the Light- weight Hunters' Plate through such a de- cision, it would seem advisable that some other and more satisfactory system should be adopted. In the Malden Hunters' Plate, the prizes were-10 sovs. to the first, 5 sovs. to the socond, and 2 sovs. to the third. This was for malden horses, who had never won a flrsit prize in a jumping contest prior to the let instant, or been placed in a hurdle race or steeplechase ; to carry not less than lOst. There were seven competitors, hut, except on the part of the prize-winners, the jump- ing was .not nearly so good as in the previous event, and there was one nasty fall, which came very close to having serious conse- quences. Mr. E. Hotaes's maro Pansy slipped wlhen »taking off at the second jump, and turned right over on to her rider, Isaac Quinn, who for- tunately got off with nothing worse than a severe shaking and some bruises. Aiter two rounds of the hurdles had been nego- tiated, the horses selected as the most worthy of the prizes were-Ctr. E. F. Lord's Quaker, Mr. C. W. Safolne's Deceiver, and Mr. F. Outer's Dodger, this being the order of the awards. PHYSICAL DRILL. A new feature of the afternoon's amuse- ment, and one which was evidently highly appreciated, was the physical drill, with arms, by squads of the Queensland Rifles. There were three squads present, one in charge of Sergeant Woodmass, another in charge of Colour-sergeant Swenson, and third in charge of Sergeant Knevitt ; and the judges, Captains H. G. Chauvel and J. K. Forsythe, awarded the blue, red, and yellow ribbons to the squads in the order in which they are here mentioned. The first squad secured fifty points out of a possible sixty, and the second forty-three, and third forty. THE DOGS-Second Notice. Division C, Toy Dogs, is always 'treated with contemptuous lndlffeience by the gene- ral run of dog ianciers, but it is a joy for ever with a large section of the public, in which ladies predominate. The pugs this year form the biggest show we have had at the National Association'3 meetings, and there are some very good exhibits. First honours went to B Doctor, of New Farm, ifor Pom Bon, and the second to Master H. E. Forrest, for Little Blllee. In all these classes the compilers oil the schedules do not make a distinction in the sex of the animals. It is very bad policy to expect owners to compete without regard to sex. The Italian greyhounds were a very fair lot, 'Mr. W. Lanham securing first honouis with Itl, and Mr. G. TIch the red ribbon with Lady. Black-and-tan terriers were not numerous, but Mrs. J. B. Rudd secured first with a good exhibit. Two poodles were shown, the best being Mr. Bertie Davidson's Trilby. The stewards are to be congratu- lated upon the excellent management of the section. (POULTRY.-Second Notice, The judging of the poultry -was drawn out to an unreasonable length. In consequence, the crowds of people who flocked to the building during the morning either failed to learn who were the prize-winners in a large number of classes or did not at all see those exhibits round which barriers were placed for the purposes of judging. If the exJiibi's are in future to bs anything like as numeri- cally strong, the council of the association will have to consider the advisability of ap- pointing a second judge. The absurdity soems gi eater when it is remembered that Mr. Pernraell in the first instance was ex- pected also to judge the pigeons ; but that section was wisely taken off his hands on 'Tuesday and Intrusted to Mr. Diplock. The (Hamburgs shown were not a big class. It was noticeable that the principal prlze .w inner was Mr. Ben. Pryor, of the Hunter River district, (New South Wales, whose male bird also took the extra .prize. There was strong numerical competition for Leghorns. The brown bens, where Mr. F. Thompson won, were particularly good, and the judge highly commended no less than four of them. In the case of the white pullets, Mr. Pem ?mell had even more difficulty in the way of selection, as eight hirds received commenda- tion. Mr. Thompson was still again suc^ cessful. In the Minorca classes, in which the entries were fair, Mrs. Cadell carried oft the specials. For Australian game classes F. Fönes had his own way. 'The game varieties always attract a great deal of attention, and the present show was no ex- ception in that respect. The competition was strong, though not particularly so from tho numerical point of view, except lu the case of tho black-breasted reds, and in a lesser degree with duckwlngs, henfeathers, and old style game. Mr. W. Stephens, M.L.A., was very successful in the black breasted red classes. Mr. G. Raff ex- hibited a bird which not only toole first prize in her class-Indian game, hen or pullet- but also carried off the extra prize and the prize for the best bird in the game varieties. On the other hand, the prize given by tho Mayor of Brisbane for the champion bird in the show was secured by Mi s. H. Jenkins, With a very handsome gold Wyandotte cock. A very large crowd thronged the building the whole day, and the show of birds was described by competent judges as about the best ever seen at the Bowen Park Grounds. FARM AND DAIRY PRODUCE. (Queensland Growth.) The striking features of this section are the non-compatlitlve trophies of the Her- mitage Experimental Farm and the Agri- cultural College at Gatton. The first named institution has a splendid display, noticeable amongst which are no less than 400 varieties of "Wheat grown on the faim last year and growing »this year. Varieties of sorghum, Kaffir corn, and straw and hay aro shown, and also twenty-eight varie- ties of poltatoes, although the heavy soil of the farm is not suitable for potato grow- ing. The samples are all of excellent quality, however. Some eighty varieties of indigenous grosses are shown, and such roots as carrots, &c;, of most prolific growth, one white carrot being 2ft. Tin. long. Some in- digenous grasses from the Gindie State Farm and a few things from the Cleveland farm were shown In conjunction with the Her- mitage trophy, upon which were also shown some samples of prickly pear which had been killed by a new prickly pear destroyer. Gatton College shows a good exibit of cheese, condensed and concentrated milk, butter, clover and grasses, cabbages and cauli- flowers, bacon which has been grown, killed, and cured on the farm, tobacco and other products, and some fine samples of stack and silo ensilage. Coming to the open competitive classes, it is at once apparent that the entry list suitera from ¡the district exhibits, as is usual In this sectíon. If not numerous, however, tlhe ex- hibits are excellent in quality. A fine sample of largo yellow maize secured a first prize, being very clean, bright, and even. There was only one exhibit of barley for maltdng purposes, the sample being a very fair one. Wheat of excellent quality, full and round, was amongst the exhibits, and medium looking white and cob maize. An exhibit of ensilage, from sitack, smelt sweet, and the exhibitors (tho Scobtish Australian Investment Company) obtained a first prize. The exhibits of potatoes are probably the best yet seen In Queensland, some Oxley and Yeerongpilly exhibits being particularly sound and good-looking. An exhibit of chi- cory was of medium quality, and one of green ginger was very good. There are no exhibits of oaten hay visible, and tho lucerne hay shows slight slgnB of frost. The chaff, however, Is all splenddd, particularly the ooiton. One of the triumphs of the whole show is to be found in the dairy produce section, the exhibits of bacon, hams, &c;, being of an all-round excellence 3uch as " it would bo hard to br Mt anywhere in the world," to quote the opinions of known experts. In butter and cheese the entries are nume- rous. The experience of the butter judges was put »to ¡the test to decide between so many samples, and all of splendid quality. No less than eight dalry companies compete for the honour of having made the best but- i ter for home consumption or for export, and in some classes these had the opposition of individual butter manufacturers. The ex- hibits of cheese, too, are very numerous, and in quality »they aro well on a par with the butter. Tha butter and bacon exhibits are by themselves in an enclosure covered by white calico. Messrs. J. C. Hutton have, as usual, a handsome trophy covered with samples of their bacon, hams, lard, sausages, and Similar produce ; and other finns have trophies which were In course of election yesterday evening. The Toowoomba Bacon Factory, Huitton's, and the Oxley Bacon Fac- tory vie so closely with each other in the quality of their products that the judges were compelled to call in an additional ex- pert before they could arrive at a decision as to how the prizes should be placed. A couple of excellent exhibits of coffee beans wore also shown, that which secured first prize being of excellent colour, and well | dried, w'hile tho parchment on the second j prize exhibit was nice and clean. The ( Queensland Meat Export and Agency Com- pany were alone in an exhibit of manures, Which wa3 awarded a first prize. The honey exhibits are few in number, but the quality of tihe extracted honey is of the best. Then. ' are soma very fine specimens of cabbages, red cabbage, and cauliflower, also beet and salads, but the exhibits were not all in at the hour o-f closing last evening. HORTICULTURE. The entries in tho various divisions of this section aro numerous, but tho judging doe3 not take place until to-day (Vhuisday), and the great bulk of the exhibits will not be | brought In until (then. j CARRIAGES. Tho oarrlage-buildena and coachmakers , have made ia good display, and their varied exhibits attracted a great deal of attention. The grcalter part of one side of one of the iralin avenues was occupied by vehicles of different kinds and designs, from tho small, unpretentious sulky up ito the more elaborate phlaoton and waggonette. All the types usually seen in town and country, with the , exception of the heavy brougham, were re- j presented, and among them wero some ex- j coedingly smart and up- to-date vahídos. ! Two exhibitors, In addMon to tho finished article, mudo a display of the raw material I in diifforent stages of workmanship. Messrs. | Jolina and Co., who had an especially large ( collection, had on view a great quantity of > eprlngs, and numerous crates of wheels j and parts of wheels, imported for uso at 'tlheir works. Mr. C. Morris, so far as local i interest was concerned, did ono better. He ' exhibited wheels and portions of wheels which had been beut and turned from ! Queensland woods at his steam coach and wheel factory. He had also on view a buggy and some heavier vehicles in the rough, bofo-re the finishing hands of the , polisher and the painter had been at work on thom. The spectator was in that way assisted to trace the proces3 of manufac- ture and see a practical demonstration of tho ability of local manufacturers to compete with the imported article. The finished work of all the exhibitors bore witness to the skill and taste now brought to bear upon carriage manufacture. Practically all of Ithem largely employed Queensland woods, ( very noticeable among whloh waa the beau .tllfully-marked beau-tree, which seemed to be greatly in demand. Messrs. Jollffe and Co., who had taken some eight prices, were to the fore willi their phaetons, " Abbott" I buggies, dog-carts, and sulkies, among them being soma very alegant specimens of the I carriage-builder's ai'c. The exhibits of i Messrs. Yorston Bros. included some choleo vehicles built of polished bean- tree, as well as many tastefully-designed buggies and dog-carts in painted wood. Messrs. E. , J. and W. Peel, who had also been very ! successful as prize-takers, had among an au I tractive collection several dainty pony dog- i carts. The exhibits of Messrs. Stewart, Prior, and Co. attracted a considerable amount of attention, as also did those of Messrs. W. Fox and Co., and of the Central Carriage Works. Space Will not permit of a detailed reference to their exhibits. It will suffice to say thaft they vied with other manufacturers, not only in winning prizes, but in turning out good work. FINE ARTS. As the members of the Queensland Art Society have decided to no longer enter into the yearly competition at the National Association's Exhibition, the number of en» tries made under this heading have decreas- ed very sensibly. In addition, the quality of the work shown has naturally in the major- ' ity of cases deteriorated considerably. This, , however, was only to he expected, and, as a matter of fact, one or two of the compe- titors show a good deal of talent in their work. In the most important class, oil colours, Mr3. T. B. Aird carries off the ' first and third prizes with two very credit- able pieces of colour. There will be found many who will beg to differ from the judges as to their placing of her two pictures, and to hold that the one which gained the third prize, a soft sunset effect, showing au excelp , lent disposition of shades, is more worthy of the highest honour than the Eeascape which occupies that proud position. The second prize picture bears evidence of careful and conscientious atten.Ion to detail. The " copies" in oils were i so mediocre that the judges refused to make I any award, a like fate befalling the two classes of etchings. Some good work was shown in the black and white classes, and the judges characterised the picture which gained the first prize in the class devoted to black and white copies as " the best pro- duction in the section." The drawing thus praised, " The Cows' Watering Place," by J. P. MacDonald, Justly deserves those en- comiums. It is a piece of pencil work of a very high degree of excellence. Mr. B. Gräser was the only competitor In the " Col- oured Portraits" class with four very well executed examples of his branch of the photographic art. The style of work is somewhat reminiscent of the old- fashioned chrysoleums which have long been out of date, having given place to this new Ameri- can method. Sculpture modelling and carv- ing only brought forward two competitors, both of whom received the " highly com- mended" ticket as a recognition of their labours. Flowers, as usual, played a very prominent part in the subjects chosen for illustration. SCHOOLS., AB UBual young Queensland looms very large in their own particular section. Nearly all the classes for needlework are well filled, and the work itself is of a very high order of merit. The State schools especially have been sending in specimens which improve markedly from year to year, and this year's collection is much ahead of former exhibitions. No competitor, how over, sent in work of such extraordinary merit as to warrant the award of a gold medal presented by Messrs. Dilger Bros, for the best exhibit of plain sewing. The UUle State school of Hemmant carries off both first prizes, as well two gold medals, pre- sented by the same firm for the best speci- mens of handwriting by boys and girls under 14 years of age. Tue artistic ele- ment in the ordinary child seems yet, if we are to judge from the specimens shown, In a very crude state in Queensland, the work both in drawing and painting being very weak as a general rule. Maps of all sorts and descriptions arc to he seen from the excellent draftsmanship of W. P. Montgqmery to the less ambit.ous and more careless work of the usual happy-go-lucky schoolboy. The Technical College bulk large in the list of exhibits, and in nearly every class the judges showed their re- cognition of the great merit of the work by their commendations. " Scarcely be surpassed," " Simply excellent," " A very creditable display," were some of the com- pliments bestowed. The Grammar Schools we:e in general conspicuous by their ab- sence, oniy a lew or me pupils ^f t^e Br.s bane Girls' Grammar School appearing in the lists. Doubtless tompetltiiin in this seotion was made more keen by the pie Bentation of several special prizes, such as those of Messrs. Dilger Bros., before men- tioned, and extra prizes of books by the leading booksellers of this city, and it is to be hrppfl thnt so excellent a precedent will be followed In future y.ars. ARTISANS* PRIZES. The entries in this class were this year very much below the average both as re- gards number and quality. Only one ex- hibit, coming all the way from Hughenden, is likely to attract more than a passing glance. The exhibit in question, a collection of splendidly-worked hand-made whip3, bridles, &c;, by Robert Petty, was awarded a " first and special," an honour which no one will be likely to cavil at. The " înven-> Mons" this year were two-a simple window catch for railway carriages and an ingeniaU3 tob'acco-cuttcr, which gained the two prizes in that order. Pyrography, a growing art, was represented by four articles exhibited by W. Milsom Buck, whose work was highly commended by the judges. The exhibit Which will undoubtedly receive the larg-st share of interest ami appreciation Irom tho visitors to the Exhibition is a complete working model ,of a Gympie .crushing bat- tery, which attracts a good deal of attention when the stampers are fairly at work. FAT JSlC'liK bALiiliJ. The exhibits of fat cattle this year wero very fine, especially the cows, and supeiior to anything ever previously seen at .bowen Park. Messrs. John Collins and 00ns, Mun- doolun ; D. C. M'Connel and Sons, Cieas brook ; and Mooro Bros, and Baynes, Barambah, succeeded between them in an- j uexing nearly all the prizes. The cham- pion bullock of the show was exhibited by ' Messrs. J. Collins and Sons, and was an extraordinary animal, both for weight and ' quality. It will be interesting to kn"w the ' dead weight of the animal, which should be j very considerable. There was a large attendance of buyers I at the sales of fat stock held at the Exhi bition Grounds yesterday afternoon. The ; stock submitted for sale were of very good , quality, and, as bidding was brisk, some very fair prices were realised. For the champion bullock of the show, the property of Messrs. Collins, of Mundoolun, there was some spirited bidding. The first bia was £13, hut it was quickly run up to £15 los., at which figure the au, mai was knocked down to the Eagle Farm Meat Works. Tho same company also purchased the champion cow for £9 5s., which also hailed from Mun- doolun. The following sales were effected : -A pen of 3 young bullocits from Mount Brisbane were purchased by Mr. A. Sparkes for £12, average price £4 ; a pen of 3 prize bullocks from the same station were pur- chased by Mr. R. Trout for £22 5s., average £7 15s,; a pen of 7 bullocks from Cress- brook, Mr. F. O. Hcdger, £42, average £6 ; 3 bullocks from Cressbrook, D. Massey, £15 7s. Gd., aveiage £5 2s. 6d.; a pen of 3 bullocks from Barambah, winners of the first and special prizes, were purchased by Messrs. Baynes Bros, for £42, avo.age £14; another pen of 3 Barambah bullocks were purchased by Mr. Somerville tor £25 5s., average £8 15s.; 3 Shorthorn bullocks from Mount Brisbane were purchased for £21 by Mr. Bentley, average £7 ; 3 prize bullocks from Tamrookum found a purchaser in Baynes Bros, for £31, average £10 10s.; a pen of 3 prl/.e bullocks from Davesvale were sold to Mr. Woodcock for £10 2s. 6d., average £6 7s. Gd.; 4 prize bullo k5 from Morven, Mr. J. Donaldson, £3S, average £9 ' 10s.; 3 young bullocks from Normanby, Mr. Marks, £13 10s.( average £4 10s.; 3 cows from the Durundur Estate, Mr. W. Lang, £J3 17s. Gd., average £4 12s. Gd.; 5 bullocks from Mundoolan, Mr. H. Felsmau, £47 10s., average £0 10s.; 3 cows from the same sta- tion, Mr. R. Trout, £18, average £G ; 3 young cows, Mr. R. Trout, £19 10s., average I £G lus.; 1 special cow, Mr. H. Jonas, £5 I IDS.; a pen of 3 cows from Cre.sbrook I (champions), Mr. R. Trout, £21 7s 6d., ¡ average £7 as. Gd.; 3 cows from Durundur, Mr. R. Trout, £12 7s. Gd., aveiage £4 2s. Gd.; 3 cows from Canning Downs, B. Egan, £11 6s. Cd., average £3 los. 6d.; 1 spscial I cow from the same estate was also pur ! chased by Mr. Egan for £G 7s. Gd.; 4 Cress I brook bullocks, Mr. R. Trout, £25, average 1 £6 5s.; 10 cows, Canning Downs, Mr. W. Lamb, £35, average £3 10s.; first-prize Cressbrook bullock, Mr. S. Donaldson, £9 ; 1 Cressbrook bullock, Mr. Withercomb, £7 15s.; another Cressbrook bullock, Mr. Bent- ley, £T. 7s. Gd.; champion prize bullock from» Mount Brisbane, Mr. A. Sparkes, £9 15s.; prize bullock from Barambah, Mr. R. Trout, £8 10s.; another prize bullock from Buaraba, Mr. R. Trout, £8 5s.; 2 Mundoolan bullocks, Mr. Bastowe, £10, average £8 ; 1 bullock and 1 cow from Barambah, Mr. H. Jones, £12 each. SHEEP. In the fat stock division of sheep there wero some fine animals shown, particularly ' those exhibited by the executors of the late , J. D. Macansh and the Jondaryan Estates Company of Australia, Limited. For quality this division is fully equal to the animals shown in previous years. A prize pen of 20 Jondaryan wethers were ' purchased by Mr. R. Trout, at an average price of 21s. Gd. per head. Another pen of 20 Jondaryan wethers, which secured second prise, were also purchased bj' Mr. Trout, at 14s. per hoad 20 Goomburra crossbred ewes, Mr. Trout, 14s. per head ; 20 crossbred Jon 1 dnryan ewes, Mr. Trout, 11s. 9d.; 21 cross- bred ewes, Eton Vale, Baynes Bros., 15s. Gd.; 20 first-prize crossbred ewes, Jondaryan, Mr. R. Trout, 15s.; 20 second-prize crossbred ewes, Jondaryan, Baynes Bros., los.; 20 crosDbred ewes, Glengallan, Mr. R- Trout, j 13s. Gd.; 20 merino wethers, Goomburra, ! winners of first and special prizes, Mir. R. Trout, ISs. Gd.; 20 merino wethers, Canning Downs, second prize winners, Mr. R. Trout, 13s.; 20 merino wethers, Goomibuma, Mr. R. Trout, 12"3.; merino la»mlb, Goomburra, Mr. R. Trout, 10s. Gd.; a crossbred wether, Goomburra, Mr. ît. Trout, 10e. Gd.; 20 Jon- daryan crossbred wethers, first prize, Mr. R. Trout, 20s. Gd.; 20 Jondaryan crossbred wether3, second prize. Baynes Bros., 1$3.; 20 crossbred Shrop^hires, Goom- burra, Mr. Bottom ley (Ipswich), 16s.; 20 crossbred wethers, Canning Downs, Mr. R. Trout, 16s. 6d.; 20 crossbred wethers, Glen gallen, Mr. R. Trout. 16s. 6d.; 20 merino wethers, first prize, Canning Downs. Mr. R. Trout, 13s. Gd.; 20 merino wethers, recond prize, Canning Downs, Mr. R. Trout, 12s. Cd.; 10 lambs, Goomlburra, Mr. R. Trout, 10s.; 10 lambs, first prize, Canning Downs, .Mr. A. Sparta, 14s.; 10 lambs, sscond prize, »Canning Downs, Mr. A. Sparks. 13s. Gd.; 10 lamb3, Glengallen, Mr. A. Sparks, 13s. Cd. PIGS. j The pigs sulbmiitited to auction were of an exceptionally high quality, and some excel- I lent prices were realised. The following sales were made :-(Boar, by Earl Augustus -Trafford Pretty, Mr. Pnackert, £2 17s. 6d. ; boar, by Earl Augustus-Uebecca, Mr. Hard «cavem. £2 15s.; boar, of the samo pedigree, j Sealy and Malcolm, £6 5s.; boar, by Earl Augustus-'Primrose, Mr. Hardgraves, £3 7s. Gd.; boar, by EarL Augustus-Jane Trafford, Mr. Jones, £3 ; boar, of the same pedigree, Hutton amd Co., £1 15s.; boar, some pedigree, Sealy and Malcolm, £2 17s. Gd.; boar, by Earl Augustus-Maud, Mr. Hardgraves, £2 17s.; boar, by Sir Humphrey de Trafford-IPriimrose 4th, Mr. Jones, £1 15s.; boar, of the same pedigree, 'MT. Jones, | £fl 15p ; sow, by Sir Humphrey de Trafford '-Sultan Primrose, Sealy and Malcolm, £5 5s.; sow, of the same pedigree, Mr. Jones, £1 10-s.; sow, by Sir Humphrey de Trafford -Primrose 4'tfo, Scaly and Malcolm, £2 12s. Od.; sow, same pedigree, Caipiain Rorke, £2 5s.;.sow, by Earl Augustus-nPrimrosie 7th, Department of Agriculture, £5 ; sow, by Earl Augustus-(Stafford Dowler, Depart- ment of Agriculture, £3 ; sow, same pedi- gree. Captain Rorke, £2 12s. Gd.; sow, by Earl Augustus-(Maud 2nd, Captain Rorke, £2 17s. 6d. PRIZE SCHEDULE, CATTLE. Tho following ciompletes the prize-llist for cattle : Champion H-ore'tord Bull.-'Archer Bros.' Lend Kilniglton. (Flat Cattle.-Pen of Ihres bullocks, under 4 yearns, «If uniform bread : Moore Brea, and ©aynea 1, Bigge -antf (.vrOannel 2. Pen cf three bullocOcs, un'detr G years, of unJ lonn breed : Jolflm Collies aud Sons 1, E - worthy and IMeillor 2. Pen of three cows, any aige, elf uniform bretti : D. C. M''Conn. 1 land Sons 1, John 'Collins and Sons 2. P ii of throe buMcrtcs mo-it suitable for t oez inç, quaMRy il:lther than, condition to be1 'daken into aocmint : 'Moarei Bros aid iEayne-13 1, Bigge (and Mcconnel 2. Sped 1 (for three ifat bullocks, grass fed, any breed (niclt Workers) : John Collins cora Sons. ISpu'ilal for thres 'fat ibulPcdcs most suitnfcle ifo-r fiesBinö : Moore 'Bros, and Baynes. Special for three .fat bullock1*, any ago ; John Collins auld Stans. Speicial for threo iSait Ibu'looks most suitab'e ifar freT/ing : LMborc Bros. iamd Eliynes. Silver medal for ti'area ifat bullocks. No. 4 branding, for sate : Mooro Bros, and Baynes. .£ipcci?ll for thros ifait biiltocte, not older than No 5 branding, of uniform breed, most suitable if or freezing : Mooro Brea and Bayne3. Bingle Exhillltn : Fhlt.--Balloick, uny agc, lo be calJel the champion bul1 o:k' : Jahn lOoll'ns amd Sans. Bulloak, 3 years and under 4 years : D. C. M'Coinel and Son'i. 'Bullock, 2 years auld under 3 years : D. C. M'Conn'ol an'd Sons. Cow, any age : .Tiohn Collins and Sons. Sprtel! for f-t Cml lock, No. 5 branding : Bp-gte and M"Cot1n-l. (Special for fat buHotok, any a^o, John Col- lins and ©-«vs. Spcrlafl (tor fat b-ji'lo k, any aige, John Collins and Pons. fps-i 1 for, three flat hclfera, not tddetr than No. 1 li minding, sp- iyeU or otihonwtee, utftform Ibroedtos ; for breeding, quality, ama con- dition : D. C. M'Connef and Sons. All Dalry B"-eds.-Cbw, yielding from one ¡milklnç the lnTijest' quantity cf but'ier fait : A. Glorrie's Jersey cow. Specie: for bi;i;H-suitable for dairying purposes : Platen Bros. SHEEP. The following completes the prize-list for sheep : FAT STOCK.- Pen of 20 crossbred wethers : Jondaryan Estates Company 1 and 2\. Pen of 20 crossbred ewes : Jondaryan Estates Company 1 and 2. Pen of 20 merino wethers : F. W. Donkin 1, Executors late J. D. Macansh 2. Pen of 20 mer'no wethers, best suited for freezing ; Executori late J. D. Macansh 1 and 2. Pen cf 20 crossbred wethers, best suited for freezing. Jondaryan Estates Company 1 and 2. Pen of 10 crossbred lambs : ExecutorB late J. D Macansh 1 and 2. Special for pen of fat wethers, for sale : F. W. Donkin. DÖGIS. Sporting Dogs.-<Fox-terrier, smooth (opon class), dog : J. H. 'Brown's Redfern Talis- man 1, G. 'Hayward's Yandina Dice 2, J. H. Brown's 'Fairleigh Jock 3. Fox-ten 1er smooth (open clas3), bitch : W. Latham's D'Ors'ay's Rosetta 1, J. H. Brown's Half caste Maori 2, G. (Drnlke's (Eve 3. ¡Fox torricr, smooth (colonial bred), dog : J. II. (Brown's Redfern 'Talisman 1 and extra, J. H. Brown's 'Fairleigh Jock 2, F. 'E. Mat thow'3 Prodigal 3. Fox-terrier, smooth (colonial bred), bitch: W. Latham's 'D'O.say.5 Rosetta 1, J. H- Brown's Half- icaste Maori 2, G-. Drake's lEVe C. Fox-terrier, smooili, puppy, dog : H. Tho'mason's Fisher's Scamp 1, AV. iSiddon's Cooinda Straddles 2, J. H. Franshawe's Gordon Daddle. 3. Foi terrier, smooth, puppy, bitch : Dr. Hill's Tip 1, W. Latham's D'Orsay's Rosetta 2, J. French's Doris 3. Greyhound, dog : J. IM. Scanlon'a Longford 1, G. <C. Tuib'ayne's Garvald PrJnce 2. Grey- hound, bitch : K. S'criven'a 'Brindle Lass 1, J. Murray's Fairy 2, J. Lynoh's Pansy 3. Grejbound, puppy, dog or bitch : H. Brad don's Orlelgh Prince 1 and extra, W. J. Cross's 'Buttons 2, J. O'Neil's Fiitz 3. Kan- garoo bitch, rough or smooth : C. Mawley's Neutle 1, ¡H. WUllams'a Donah 2, H. W'il Haras's Fancy 3. Pointer, dog : J. Lapiaik's Fordoun Lanark 1 and extra, L. Po ichon'.i ' Mh'kcbourg Sldnmfciher 2, 'M. K. Judge's Poituna Pat 3. Pointer, h't'c'h : A. Gamb- ling's Fidel 1, W. H. Lister's Gyp 2, L. Perlohon's eh MakeJboung E'thel 3. Re- ' triever, dog (curl>) : J. Gennon's Nelson Victor 1, F. Palmer's 'H'tic-our: Prince 2 F. Palmer's Harcourt Osman 3. Retriever, bitch <curly) : J. W. Macinahon's British Nell 1 and extra, J. AV. Maomahon's Water '00 Queen 2, C. Burn's dobo 3. Setter, English, dog : J. Love's Lemon Belton 1 and extra. Setter Cordon, (leg or bitch : H. C. Pointer 1 and 2, G. C. Crump's Heronweod Rothsay 3. Spaniel, field, dog ov bitch : I. Ham's Bruce 1. Mles A. Tully'13 A'os 2. Spaniel, cocker, deg : Mrs. H. Gaydon'a Too- woomba 'Ben 1 and extra, I. Ham's Ipswich Jack 2, I. Ham'3 'Dodo 3. Spaniel, cocker, 1 bitch : Mrs. H. Gaydon's Toowoomba Mid I night 1, Mrs. H. Gaydon's Toowc-'-ml'-a B auty I 2, Mira. H. Ghydon's Toowoomba Nigger 3. Spaniel, cooker, pup^y. elog or bitch : Mrs. H. Gaydon's Toowoomba Beauty 1, Mrs. H. ] G'avdon's Toowoomba. Filo 2, Mrs. D. 1 M'Namara'o Limestone Slpark 3. I Non-sporting Dogs.-Bulldog, dog : Duthie I Bros.' Wynstay Major 1 and extra, R J nea'u 1 Young Norseman 2, F. 'Hlcklln's Peter Jack- , son 3. Bulldog, bitch : J. 'Melville's Gorov 1, F. Hioklln's Peggy Pryde 2. Bul!-terri«r, open class (over 301b.), -dog : W. Stephens'-} AVbnder 1, J. M"EWen's Belcher 2, J. ! M'Bwen's King of the North 3. Bull-ter- rier, open class (over 30tb.), bitch : W. Stephen's Queen of the Q-mlih 1 and extra, F. C. Just's Je'an 2. Bull-terrier, open clas3 (under 301b.), dog : A. Taylor's Wihit worth Lad 1. Bull-terrior, puppy, I dog or bitch : AV. St p'h?ns's Jack 1, S. B. Marriott's Mon1 le 2, T. C. Just's Jean 3. Ccllio, rough 1 (open class), dog : W. Richard's Nero 1, W. F. S. Fox's Limestone Recovery 2, W. I F. S. Fox's Ormond Ruff 3. Collie, m.gh (open class), bitch : H. M. Rowling's Mona 1, AV. Hampson's B-wen Bridge Ruby 2, J. M. Whitelaw's Estervale Survivor 3. Collie, rough, colonial-bred, dog : AV. Richard's Nero 1 and extra, W. F. S. Fox's Limestone Recovery 2, W. F. S. Fox's Ormond Ruff 3. Collie, rough, colontt'al-bred, bitch : H. M. Raw ling's Mona 1, W. Hampscn's Bowen Bridg3 Ruby 2, J. M. AAlbitelaw's E-tervale Sur- vivor 3. Collie, puppy, d<ig : W. S F. Fix's Ormond Ruff 1, A. Isaac's Herdwlck Saxon 1 2, W. Dipîock's Ormiston S ila 3 Collie, puppy, bitch : J. W. AVhltelaw's Eslervula Survivor 1, J. IHron's Herdwlck Floss 2, W. Dlplonk's -Ormiston D'aisy 3. Cattle dog, dog or bitch : R. Hardgrave's Bella 1 and extra, A. J. M'Grory's Thinker 2, R. H. Brook's Magpie 3. Dalmatian, dog or bitch: J. C. Malyon's Nelson 1, Miss Beverley's Emperor 2, A. E. Simpson's Blackmount j Snooks 3. Mastiff, dog or bitch : Walker Bros.' Ranji 1, A. Brake's Lyon 2. New- foundland, dog or bitch : Miss O'Keefe's Leo-Nelson 1, A. P. Deshon 2. Newfound- land, blaiok-and-white, dog or bitch : T. Whittakers Jumbo 1, Mrs. Browne's Gipsy 2\. St. Bernard, dog : Dr. H. Lister's Atapg.a Bobst'ay 1 and extra, C. Willccck's Carlo 2, W. Hoare's Prince 3. St. Bernard, bitch : A. E. Simpson's Newington Ruby 1, Dr. Lister's Atanga Irene 2, D. Kennedy's Beat- rice 3. St. Bernara, puppy, dog or bitch : A. M'Donald 2. Terrier, black and tan (other than toy), dog or bitch : AAr. Smith's Topsy 1. Terrier, Scotch, dog or bitch : R. Llddell's Cathkin Peggie 1, Messrs. Murray and Stuart's AVol den Bitters 2, R. LIddell's Cathkin Bagpipes 3\. Terrier, Irish, dog : AV. Step'iena's Mick 1, Messrs. Murray and Stuart's D nesal Larry Doolan 2, E. P. Keatlnge's AVvnnum Taffy 3. Terrier, Irish, bitch : Messrs. Murray and Stuart's Towers La3S 1 and extra, W. Stephons's Kitty 2, W. Stephens' =, Arrah-na-Pogue 3. Ten ¡cr, Airedale, dog: W. A. Noble's Queennberry Sind sr 1 and extra. P. P. Outiidge's Grip 2, W. A. Noble's Hiawatha Plats 3. Terrier, Airedale, bitch: W. A- Noble s Hiawatha Vic. Australian rough-coated terrier, dog : J. Key'3 Prince 1, A. II. Thomas's Blucher 2. Australian rough-coated terrier, bitch : W. Diplock'.» Tiddle Hi 1, W. Diplock's lil Ti 2. Terrier, "Yorkshii c, dog or bitch : Airs. M. R. Stcpheub's Belford Flossie 1, A. H. Thomas'3 Tinao 2. Toy Dogs.-Italian greyhound, deg or bitch : W. Latham's Iti 1, G. Tick's Lady 2, E. Foreman's Nellie 3. Pug, dog or bitch: E. Doctor's Pom Pon 1, Ma.ter H. E. For- rest's Little Billie 2, Mrs. A. P. B.yont's Smutt 3. Terrier, black rnd tan, dog or bitch -. Mrs. J. B. Rudd. Poodles, French and fancy, dog or bitch : Bertie Davidson's Trilby. Any other variety, dog or bitch : J. H. Brown 1, C. W. TwyCord's Tiicko 2. Champion dog in show : W. Richards's Nero. Reserve Champion : J. H. Brown's Redfern Talisman. CATS. J. Bell 1, Miss'M. B. Baddoley's Tom and Tabby 2. POULTRY. Gold or silver pencilled Hamburg, cock : B. Pryor 1 and extra, C. Patterson 2. Gold or silver pencilled Hamburg, hen : 13. Pryor 1, C. Patterson 2. Hamburg, black, hen or pullet : ¡Mrs. W. H. Ryder. Houdan, cock or cockerel : R. Cameron. Houdan, hen or pullet : R. Cameron 1, W. Taylor. 8. Leg- horn, brown, cock : F. Thompson 1, II. A. Bostock 2. Leghorn, brown, 'hen : F. Thompson 1 and extra, F. Thompson 2. Leg- horn, brown, cockerel : F. Thompson 1, C. Roberts 2. Leghorn, brown, pullat : H. A. Boïitjock 1, R. Eddison 2. Leghorn, white, cock : II. A. Bostock 1, I. Ham 2. Leghorn, White, 'hen : F. Thompson 1,1. Ham 2. Leg- horn, white, cockerel : F. Thompson 1 and extra, I. Hann 2. Leghorn, white, pullet : F. Thompson 1, J. Sbden, jun., 2. Leghorn, any other colour, cock or cockerel : CVlrs. 1). M'Namara. Leghorn, any other colour, hen or pullet : J. Sedan 1, Mrs. D. M'Namara 2. Minorca, cock : J. Acheson 1, E. R. Hugho-, 2\. Mllnorca, han : Mrs. II. Cadell 1 and extra,» J. Acheson 2. Minorca, cockerel : Mrs. 'Cadell 1 and extra. Miinorcn, pullet : G. Raff 1, E. R. Hughes 2. Gamo Varieties.-Au'sitiallan game, black- rod, code : I'1. Fonas 1, S. Lamont 2. Aus- tralian game, black-red, hen : F. Fones. Australian'game, any ollhei colour, cock or cockerel : Mrs. A. Mullen. Australian game, any other colour, hen or pullet : Mrs. A. Mullen 1, F. Fones 2. Black, ccc-k : C. Turner 1, Messra. C. Roberton and W. Wil- son 2. Black, hen : iMrs. G. White 1, I. Telford 2. Black, cockeiel : Mrs. G. White 1, II: Cornwell 2. Black, pullet : Mis. C!. White 1, H. Cornwell 2. White, cock : C. Turner 1, Mrs. A. »Mullen 2. White hen : Mrs. A. Mullen 1, J. H. Archibald 2. White, pullet : Mr3. G. White 2. Black breasted rod, coe-k : II. A. Bostock 1, J. (Acheson 2. Black breasted red, hen : W. Stephens 1, J. B. Rudd 2. (Black-breasted red, cockerel : W. Stephens 1 and 2. 'Blade breasttd red, pullet : W. Stephens 1 and extra. Brown-breasted red, cock or cock- erel : W. Latham 1 and extia, Mrs. G. White 2\. Brcwn-breasitcd rod, hen or pulltt : W. 'Latham 1, I. Tri'ford 2. Duckwing, coc't or cockerel : 'Duthie Bros. 1 and 2. 'Duckwing, hen or pullet : W. Stephen.* 1, Duthiö Bros. 2. Henfeather, cock or cockerel : C Robertson and W. Wilson 1, Mrs. G. White 2. Henfeather, hen or pullet : 'Mrs. A. Mullen. Indian game, cock or cotfkerel : ¡E. J. Jenkins 1, I. (Ham 2. 'Indian game, hen or pullet : G. »Raff 1 and extra, W. Stephens 2. 'Malay, cock or cockerel : W. Step tiens. Malay, hen or pullet : T. B. Steele 1 and 2. Old siyle game, cock or cockeiel : J. Melville 1 and oxtra, J. ¡Radford 2. Old style game, hen or pullet : J. Radford 1, Mrs. G. White 2\. Pile, cock or cockerel : HI. t\\. Bostock 1, »W. Stephens 2. Pile, hen or puret : Duthie 'Bros, i and 2. 'Pit game, any colour, code : J. 'Melville 1 and extia, J. Radford 2. Pic eame, any colour, hen : J. ¡Melville 1, H. E. Roper 2. Pit game, any colour, cockerel : J. Melville 1, R. IRule 2. Pit game, any colour, pullet : J. Radford 1, J. M lville 2. Bantams (Game).-Any colour cock or cockerel . W. Stephens. Any colour, hen or pulle't : R. 'Brennan 1, W. Stephens 2. Bantams (other .than »Game).-Hose comb, cock or cockerel : H. A. Bostock. Rose comb, hen or pullet : IH. A. Bostock 1, R. B. (Lune 2. Any other variety, cock or cock- erel : Mrs. L. J. »Carroll. Any other variety, hen or pullet : Mrs. L. J. Carroll. Ducks.-»Aylesbury, drake : W. H. Penball gon 1 and 2. Pekin, diake : J. Votter. Anv other variety, drake or duck : W. Stephens." »Goose.-Toulouse, goose or gander, any age : F. Fones. Miscellaneous.-IBosit pair guinea pigs : F. Walker 1, 'Master H. E. Fonexst 2. Cham- pion ¡bird in the show : Mrs. H. Jenkins's Wyando»tlte, gold, code. MAJRINIEES, SiAlDMJEIRY, BOOTS AND 'CtHOES, Etc. (colonial-made only). 'Collection of saddlery and harness': IM. Homawontih 1, S. Phillips 2, H. Hill 3. »Set of pair-horse carriage harneas : S. Phillips. Sat of .single-iho.3c 'buggy or gig harness : Dyfoall and Co. special, ¡M. Hamsiworiiih 1, Murrells an i Becker 2. Sot of single-'horse spring-cait ' harnoss : ¡S. Phillips* 1, Murrells and Bolter 2\. Set of single-'hosise dray harness : M. 'Homsiworttib special, S. Phillips 1 and 2. Gentleimian's all-over hogskln saddle, with bridle : 'M. Hemsworth 1, M'Donald and Quinn 2. Genitlemants stock saddle, with bridle : M'Donaid and Quinn special, M. Homowor¡th 1, H. Hill 2. Pack saddle, wiltJh harness and leather bags : S. Phillips 1, M. Hainsworth 2. 'Gentleman's hunting or polo saddle, with bridle : M. Hemsworth 1, »3. Phillips 2. Gentleman's jockey snddio, mounted, with bridle : M. Hemswonh'. Lady sidesaddle, all-over hogskin, with bridle : M. Heanaworth 1, II. Hill 2. La<jy'-¡ sido-sadd'le, any other, with ¿jrldlo : QI. Homswortah 1, S. 'Phillips 2. CoKoc.tlon of bridles, einths, stirrup leathers, and miscel- laneous strapping : IM. Hemsworth 1, S. Phillips 2. Collection of valises, le(?Wnre, saddle bags, pouches, footballs : Murrells and Becker 1, S. Phillips 2. Saddle-treea : M. Homswortth. Travelling »trunks, lea her I Murrells and IBeoker 1 and 2. Travelling truolkls, composite : 'Murrells and Becker A* and 2. NHandbag's, leather: Murro'Jls and Becker 1 and 2. iGun and other cases, leather : Murrells 'and Becker 1 and 2. CLOTHING, Etc. Carded wool and woollen yarns : J. Vicars and Co., N.S.W. Combed wool and worsted yarns . Queensland Woollen Company. Woollen tweeds aud cloth, Imported and colonial : J Vicars and Co. Blankets, im- ported and colonial : J- Vicars and Co. Flannels, Imported and colonial : J. Vicars and Co, Other woollen fabrics, colonial : J. Vicars and Co. Raw silk, in Skeins and cocoons . Miss N. M'Donald. Clothing for men and boys, colonial and imported : J. Childs and Queensland Woollen Company. Clothing for ladies and girls, colonial and imported : Queensland Woollen Company. Embroidery, &c;, hand-made : Mrs. C. Tyley, Mrs L. Wendt, Miss F. Dyne, Mrs. E. Arnold, Mrs. E. Stafford, Misses Ada and F. Voight, Mrs. E. Dunsdon. Embroidery, &c;, machine-made : Singer Manufacturing Company. Lace work, pillow : Mrs. E. Thompson 1, Mrs. Okeley 2. Lace work (noodle) : Mrs. A. E. Harte 1, Mrs. M. Boake 2\. Gold and silver lace and silk embroi- dery, hand-made: Mrs. Evans. Woolwork and tapestry, hand-made : Mrs. Evans. Wool work and tapestry, machine-made : H. H. Hubert. Cotton manufactures, colonial : Mrs. J. C. Barwick. Hair work : Agnes Mantell. Down quilts : Mrs. Evans 1, Mrs. A. Adams 2. Pillow shams : Miss A. B. Cooper 1, Miss M. Voight 2. Bett specimen art needlework executed on Singer machine: Miss S. R. Cruse. PRODUCTS. Raw and Manufactured.-Belting leather, colonial made : Djlball and Co. Harness leather, colonial made : Dyball and Co. Boat-upper," leather, colonial made : Dyball and Co. Sole lecuuher, colonial mado : Dyball and Oj. Fancy leaiUhor, colonial made : Dy»ball and Co. OolleoDlon of harness ?miikors' leather, colonial mado : Dyball and Co. Collc'e'.j'on of bootmakers' leather, colonial made : Dyball and Co. Skin, kangaroo, tanned, with or without »clio hair : Dyball and Co. 1 and special. Skino c1 daer kind's : Dyball and Co. t and special. F,ir, foaithei-d, down, or any pre. paratlon »thereof for domo:tic purposes : Dyball and C'a. Cils, animal, mineral, vegc i 'thble, cind esc anti al : Castlemaine Brewery, and Quinlan, Gray, and Co. 1 and special, Quociioland ¡Meat Export and Agency Com- paq} 2. OH cake : Brabant and Co. spa dial. ¡Manufactured tobacco, not loss than lew:-: Olojsra. A. Gros:» and Co., Brisbane. Specimens of coal, &c;: The Aberdare Go opcrai'.lve Colliery, Uimited, Bundamba. Iron and eno?l wiro rcp?3 : Intercolonial and Deep Well Borlnc. Ojymrj'onv, BrMvn-0. DISTRICTS EXHIBITS. For the best collection of exhibits from District Societies ; first prize £50, second £35. third £25, fourth £20 --^Où\y . three entries. Eastern Downs Horticultural anl Agricultural Association, Warw'clc, 72 points, 1 ; Lockyer Agricultural and Indus- trial Society, Laidley, «¡5 points, 2 ; Logan Farming and Industrial Association, Been- leigh, D5 points, 3. HONEi". Extracted honey, in glass jars, not less than 121b. weight : H. Neilson, Yangan, 1 ; L. G. Jones, Biggenden, 2. Hive c,f Italian beeb, to ha shown in observatory hive so that the queen can be seen : G. and G. \V. Butltr, Musg-ave-road, Red Hill, 1 ; A. Gambling, Blackstone, 2. OHIEESfi. 'S»x large cheese, factory made, not under 25)b. : Goombungee CheMo Factory 1, Glen- more 'Cheese Factory 2. Six loaf cheese, factory made, not exceeding 101b. : Yan-ran Cheese Factory 1, Goombungee Ohriese Fac- tory 2. Medium cheese, factory made, not under 151b. : W. G. ©kennan. rs'torth P.ne, 1, Goombungee Cheese ¡Factory 2. Six cheese, made by dalry 'fawner : W. G. Sher- man I, A. W. Sealy and Co. 2. Special for 'bost 3ewt of cheese : Gleaijnore Cheese Fac i tory. APPARATUS AND APPLICATION OF I LTBEiRAL ARTS. Pianofortes made of Queensland tlln.ber : 0\. Flohrcr, South BrUlcune. Pianofortes : 0\. Flohrer. Sewing Machines.-For manufacturers' use : Singer Manufacturing Crmnany. Foi household use : Singer Manufacturing Com- pany. Machines, and urt work dono on caine : Lawson ami Johnston. CARRIAGES, BUGGIES. CA^TS. DRAYS, 'Etc. (C"l,pnial-mado Only). Parisian pnaet'-ns, Denmaik phaetons, pony phaetons, £-c : Jollffo and Co. and Central Carriage Company 1, Joliffe and Co. Physician's phaetons. : Mortimer and "Gllfoyle I, W. Fox and Son 2. Waggon- ettes for private use (with and wi'h^ut hoods) : Central Carriage Company 1. Wag- gonettes (cut-undpr) foi public use, with hood : Central Carriage C-mwiny 1, Joliffo and Co. 2. Bugm'es (dbub'e-seated) : E. J. and W. Piel 1, Joliffe and Co. 2. Abbit buergles (slnaie and double seated) : Joliffe and Co. and C. Morris 1. Sinarle-seated buggy : Mortimer and GÍIÍTIP 1 and spe- cial, W. Fox mid Son 2. Buckboard buggy (single or dnnble) : E J. anl W P-el 1. Waggons, express, farmer's, &c;: J. Schmitt 1\. H. Gilmour 2 Four-w.h-'el do?-cart3 : Mortimer find Oilfoyle and E J. and W. Peel 1\. Central Carriage Company 2. Dog-car's : W. Fox and S^n 1 and 2. Piny-rarts : Mortimer and Gilfoyle and W F^x and Sou 1, E. J. mid W. Peel 2. Sulky : W. Fox and Pon and E. J. and W. Pool 1, Mortimer and GUfnylc, Yorst^n Bros., and E. J. and W. Peel 2. Business carts (baker's) : Her- bert Sh^ard 1. Joint» and Co. 2. Collec- tion of vehicles : Mortimer and Gl'f ^yle 1\. Joliffe and Co. 2. Simples of Aus"ralilan coach/builder's bent timbers, shafts, &c.;: C. Morris. FUiRINimraiE A'XfD OmHIDR fWjjJOTS FO'R THIE USE OF DWIEKLTNGS. 'Furniture : Chapman and Co. and M. A. Rhoadfs Ï. Furniture made of Queensland timber : B. W. Dyne. Dfco rnltlve work : Mías Leura Grnnshnw 1, Mrs. Blake 2. 'Carports, tapestry, .furn!'ure stuffs, ?mating, p?penhanglr»Pis, &¿: Mrs. Annie Laurie. Cutlery : 'Messrs. H. .Berry and Oo. Cold and sliver plate : Mf>»rchan''6' Discount Coupon Company. Ornaments in gold, silver, and other metal : Mrs. Evans 2\. Toy. of all kinds : B. W. Dvne 2. Ap- paratus and pracnases for cooking and wari- in* . J. Ruithnlng. J. A. Neble, and N. L. 'MtirlecîtHnl 1. Galvanised ironware: E. Saeihs and Oo. Galvanised and ottier wire work : L-ywuçM and Co. and E. Sachs and Co. 1. Japanned goods : E. Sachs and Co. In the portion of the prize schedule pub- lished yesterday 1t should linve been stated that the special prize for American trotter stallion under G years old was won bystr. W. C. Thnrlow's Duke of Vermont, and not Builder II. 