LEONIE LOCKE, on tub ROMANCE OF A, WORKING-GIRL. CHAPTER XXXIII-(Continijhd). Dora was satisfied ; she had seen Gordon and Leonio pass each other with averted faces. Guilty, designing Dora knew she had Depurated the lovers effectually. . Gordon believed. Leonic had givon him up of her own freo will ; while Lsonie, poor, innocent, littlo soul,. behoved Dorate artful falsehood — that she was tho affianced bride of Gordon Carlisle. The pitiful misunderstanding that sundered two lives could, alas, so oasiiv have been cleared up had either of them but made ono step toward a reconciliation, then and there. The boll was at its height, wliotf, by somo strange freak of cruel fate, Gordon and Leonio found themselves in the same set together of a waltz-quadrille. There was no help for it. She knew she must waltz with each ono in the set in turn, and at last — oh, mockery of fate, she found herself bowing to Gordon Carlisle, and the next moment his arms were clasping bor in a firm embrace.. Ah, Heaven I how cruel it was to livo over again in that one blissful moment— tho beautiful lovo-dream of- that past, when those samo aniis had clasped her in just such a thrilling, conder embrace. And at that moment the beautiful words of the poetess rang in tho heart of both : Y ' Tho band was playing a waltz-quadrille, , I felt as light as a wind-blown feather, As we floated away at tlio caller's will, Through tho intricate, mazy danco'togothor. ,Tho fold of your strong arm sent a, tbriU """Frism tho heart to brain as we'gently'glidod, Liko leaves, on tho waves of that waltz- quadrille — ' . Mot and parted, and then divided. : II said to my heart,. ' Lot us take our fill ; Of mirth and imisic, and lovo and laughter j For -it all must end with this waltz-quadrille, And life will bo never the same life after. Oh, thot: thocaller might go on calling I Oh, that theYhusic rnight' go on falling 1 " "While. wo whirled on to tho vast Forever, ' Whore no hearts break and no ties sever.' YA clamor, a crash, and llio band was still— "Pwas tho end of tho dream and tho end of " tho moasuro ; -.'".v- /'/ The last low notes . of that- walfz-quadrilld ; ' Seemed likb a dirge o'or the death of. pleasure. Yon bowed— -we parted— the spell was o'er ; ;. Too warm for a friendand too. cold for alover, There was nolhing'elso'tb 'say ; Aud the lights looked dim : and the dancers / weary, And. tho music was.; Bad: and tho liall-way dreary, After you went away.' .The blue eyes and the timid brown ones met in ono swift glance. ' Come into the conservatory, Miss : Locke/ whispored: Gordon, drawing tho whito; jewelled . . hand within his anil. . '/; Leonio had ofton livod over, in liar own mind, just- 'how : Bhe would ansivor such ' a request when lliey met, if Gordon Carlisle should over ask her 'for a private interview. But now, when .- tho actual moment confronted hor, all the superb scorn behind which sho had intended to intrench herself seemed to vanish and fail her. . . : More than ono pair of -o.yes ..followed his tail,, manly figure and tho slight, girlish form clinging to' his arm, aVthoy left tho brilliant parlors and' wended; their way toward tho conservatory 'r'Y beyond. !--. V .'.V; :" //;/ /y Dora Lancaster watched them with' bated. breath. All; the happinoss of'her after -Iife de- ; ponded upon averting an -interview or a.recon- Viiiatibn ;- nnd, making.a hasty exouso to a hand- : some young cadet who had come to, claim hor. for tho pext polka, Dora glided hastily from the ball- room, suffering all tho keen tortures of jealousy as she gazedupoii, the/graceful formH disappearing amid tho soft glow of the colored lamps and tlio tall; waving plants. The night was a porfect one. A young moon, liko a slender jewel, hung in the Btar-gemmed sky, shedding its, soft rays on tho rustic benches plnoed.hero and there half among -the. 'shadows. Gordon and Laohie walked slowly. along, little; dreaming of tho! angry woman stealing so softly, behind them , whoso gliding footsteps wcrejgain- \- ing upon them each moment. ; /' ' ' Will' you sit. by tho fountain P I — I— liavo V something I wish to tell yoti; Leonie,' said Gordon', in ayhusky voieo, as his warm- hand closed firmly over the littlo, cold, white' lingers . lying as lightly as'snowflakosjpn his'arm. v ' The evontftii moment of their iivoa. had uomc. CHAPTER XXXIV/ ' " There was. a pretty, piotrircsquo rock by the fountain, just largo enough for two, and 'with a '.! gentle, almost marossihg .touoh,- Gordon placed , Leouio on lty-laking.a scat by her sulo. She half turned .hor-;' face; from -his,' for the fire of those .dark-kliio oybs 'seemed to sc'oreli . her, and the boantiful silehca that caiua over them was only broken -.by tlio sound of the falling water, nud. the sweot strains of musio that floatod out to them. Suddenly, ,'a9 though his bright, passionato lohgihg gazo ooinpellod hor, sho raised hor dark oyos to -his. - She made a dosporato effort to regain her indifferenoo, but her heart boat quickly with a ploasuro so great it wos- nlmost pain. ' How strango it wns that this girl with tho sweet, pure laco of an angel should havo pre ferred wealth to love,' Gordon Carlisle told himself bitterly. He could romomber tho beau tiful light that had aofcenod her dark oyes at his ivpproaoh, and the blushes that suffused her llower-likofaoo. -Had her lovo for him bsen but n dream ? Gordon roached ovor and detached the blossom of- a pnro whito lhwer that drooped nbovo her hoad, brushing against her soft cheek as 'the brorzo swayed it to anrl fro. " — Gordon raised the flower, to his lips. 'I envy this flower becausb it' has. caressed your face, Loonie,' lie said, with d yoico luisky with emotion, 'and it .'brings back to me a memory I can never forgot. I havo brotight you hero because I could bear tho' pain no longer, Leonie. _ I mnst.spealc-tp you or-die,. rTho old, Kweet lovo-dream oomeslbvbr me again,, striyo though I may to—' He stops abruptly at a gesture from hor. A flush passes over her faoe, a strange light flashes into her oyes. The white hands that olasp her ivory-habSled fan tremble with sup pressed emotion. Hor fueo grows prond and cold, and her voice scornful. ; ' I wonder,' sho said, rising to her : feet, '. that you have darod to say this to me.' ' ... Hor pride is strong within her, it rings in her voioo and flashes from hor oyos. - ' Where is your pretended sense of honor ? A love-droaml Yoti insult me, Mr. Carlisle. I am not the girl now that I was then.- - Let 'ms hoar no more of this. I : do not forgot j'our position if yon do I' - . For a moment Gordon .Carlisle doss not'spaak, so groat is his surprise. He tremblos and his face blanehos, she has taken him back so com pletely. In that momont a groat burst of mii3ie obmos from the ball-room — tho first bars of a grand triumphal march. Hot tears filled his oyes. 1 An insult ?' ho echoed tho words she had used with n voice husky with intonso emotion. How littlo ho dreamed of the cruol story Dora Laboastor had told her — of hor ongagomeut to himself and their npproaching marriage; ho thought, of course, that sho reforrod to his poverty and her wealth, and tho pain tho thought brought nearly maddened him. . ' Havo you no pity, no compassion left, Leonie ?' bo cried, falling on his kneoe before her and clasping iho white hands firmly in his, that were ruthlessly showing tho leaves of tho roses about her. 1 Listen to mo for but a moment, let mo say all that is in my heart, and then con demn mo if you will.' Gordon Carhslo looks at her again, and tho story his oyos tell is tho story told sinco tho world bogan, to bo told till tho word ends. ' I am not tho samo Leonio Lock now that I was then,' sho repeats, pantingly. ' I was only a romantic child then, always remomber it.' 1 Heaven knows I realiso that fact but too plainly," ho replies, huskily. ' I wondor if any other human being over changed so utterly in a few short months, as you havo done, Leonie. Thoro is not a trace, not a tono; not a look of the littlo Leonie whom I havo Ipved. A smile breaks over tho proud sot gravity of hor face, a smile of triumph. ' I loved that Leonie,' ho whispers, brokenly ; ' anil I adore this ono.' He stop3, catching his breath hard, and looks at her. Tho words give Leonio an absolute shock ; he, the ongagod husband of Dora, daring to talk to her liko this. ' Fickle of hoart and fair of face,' is (ho thought that ilashos through her brain, as sho springs to her feet, white with anger, and confronts hiin. ' You are less than nothing to mo, Mr, Carlisle ; take mo back to the ball-room at once ; the sooner this annoying scone ends, the better pleased I shall be. I shall take good care that it shall nevor be repeated. I say again that you aro wilfully insulting me.' Her words had gono homo, they had struck tlio very coro of his heart. '. Ho gazed. at; .her steadily as sho stood thpre, with tho soft, inollow glow of tho colored lamps falling upon her shimmering robe, and her proudly averted hoad, Iho moBt boantiful picture that a man's oyos over rested upon. Sho had stung his prido nt last. Ho sprang to his foot, and a hot (lush came to his face. ' You may term my yearning love presnmptuons if yon will ; but not an insult. Tho lovo of an honest, honorable man can insult no woman,' he replied, proudly. ' - - /. ' I am wealthier than Dora,-' she thought-, bitterly, '.and wealth is everything in liis -oyos, and honor is it doatl lotter,' and hor hot indig nation increased with every moment. -. ;' I havo pleaded my lovo for the second timo in vain,1 ho said, slowly, raising his miserable face to tho .stnrs, that shon'o down -pityingly through tho windows. 'Tlio timo will come, Leonie, when you will feel i sorrow for tho hasty accusations you havo used against ma to-night; when you" will ropen tv tho. :: words ryouS-have spoken to me,. and wished llioy had never been said.' . ' I 'do not think so,' sho replied, sarcastically," in her. musical, pitiless voice. : ' You miist rc- mbmbor I wns 'only an ignorant, innocent Ahiul. prhen I listened to yoiir vows of love. I did not' know then what I know now. . .. - . . Sho wiis thinking of tliat scene she had \vit-, neased . in --the corridor of. liis father's home,, his arms tightly -.'clasped- about Dora Lancaster's sleuder form,, while he brushed away the pearly tear-drops from he'royes." "Tho' memory -of "that1 soenb would linger with her, .while life, 'lasted:'/ And the. 'words of Gordon's mother came plainly back to her. ; Gordon might speakJo a; working -girl of love; lor ho is ficki-/and;hie:a' weakness for pretty fic. s, but I/m siife! lie has nevor/'mqntiprted . marriage. 1 A'nd Leoniajliad never forgotten how the words had burst upon her startled senses, and the remembrance of that hour rendered, her colder and prouder than ever. 'A long; Ibw moan came from; his_lips,; and tho awfiil; despair in his face, .startled her ;/vud she knew in'thatmomenfcthithe oarqd for her as ho had nevor , qarecl : for Dora .Lancaster ; but liis . triumph born of , thqticnowlpdgo - had lin Yt- rnorq VfTjUtor pain than p'basiiro, for hP was Qngagod to m ar r.y D o r S. "; S h o u Id s h e toll him tho pitiable story of Oharlio .Hart'a persecution— of: tlio strango power ho hold over her; nnd. of the des perate plan r.ho had rpsnlved upon — to fly from ' the lifo'tliat menaced her. that verymight to flyj so far that no oho who hid novor known her could look upon hor face again ? Ah ! if she had only jold hiin, how -much sorrow would . have, been spared ? - - r ... / No, no ; it would bo usoless.. . Gordon Car- lislo, as ficklo of' heart as he was handsome of face, eould not help. Her/ qho tbid lierself.'- . ' Let. lis go back to..the ball-rbom, if you plcnso,' alio said, haughtily. Y ' Miss Lancaster will bb waiting for yon.' I am sorry . we havo met again.' : . ' Yon moan this ?' ho says, slowly. I mean this,' she answers/and meets his eyes full. . 1 Then thero is no moro to be said,' he replies, huskily, as ha rises, offers her his arm, and con ducts her biiok to tho ball-room; 1 Pardon me for having taken yon from your friends - and wealthy admirers so long. Good-night . and good-byo, Mi38 Locke.' ' " » -. An. impulse is upon her thoroughly contradic tory and thoroughly , womanly, ' to call him back -—to end this miserable faroo of 'pretending not to cafe for him. A flush swoeps ov.or her faoo to tho very temples. ; ' Oh, comb back ! Do not go T is on hor lips; brit her lip3 refuse to spoak, nnd, whilo sho hesi tates, Goedou Carlisle bows low ovor tho littlo hand, drops it, and walks away, and no ono who saw the white, set expression of hi3 handsome faco and tho drawn lina3 about tho mouth over forgot it. Hq had gone without even tho poor rotiirn of nn answer to his good-night. Tho room seemed to stifle Lsonie, nnd the lights; to swim around her. . .' Oohio up to Mrs. Harvey's boudoir, Lsonie,' cried Mrs. -'Barrett, making hor way up to whore she sat ; ' you are as- white as death, white to the lips, as if ybu wor'o about to faint.' / . Like one in ajnnzy dream, Leonio took Mrs. Barrett's lirm, bud allowed hsr' to load her from the room;' ' ' Rest hero for half-nn-hoiir, my dear ; no one sli'al I disturb you,' said Mrs. -Harvey, tho hostess, placing her upon a divan. ''Takeoff your, jewels, my dear, and lay them on the table. ." Loosen yonr dress, and make yourself comfortable. Turn tho koy' in tho look, if yoii wish ; I will como back in less than half-an- honr to soo if you are all right. Remember, I cannot spare my greatest attraction for a longer time than that.' , Leonio 6ank back upon' the divan, fopUng faint, sick, and unutterably' unhappy, 'her face hidden in hor hands. '< Tired nature assarted itself, aud Leonio drop- pod into a dreamless slumber. A slight sound in tho room awakened. her — a sound faint and stealthy, yet startjingly terrible, the low, clicking sound of a look, and in tho dim; flickering light Leonio siw distinctly the form of a man bending ovor tho jewel caeoe— a form startlingly familiar to liar strained oyo3, and tho - next inetnnt n terrible shriek — wild, piercing, and .horrified— rang through tho house, as ; sho uttered his naW. - _ / ;- OHAPTER XXXV. - Oneo, twico, tlirioo the terrible cry rings through tho house as Leonie gazes, with white, awful horror ou hor faco, at tho midnight in truder, who bends his masked faoo over tho glittering jowels. Ho turns, with a terrible itn- prooation on his lips, and, with one swift bound he iiab ronchod her sido and put his hand ovor hor mouth, nnd a struggle ensues. ; 1 Ourso your infornal tongii9 !' he mutters, bo- twoon liis clenched teeth ; ' vou have brought tho wholo house upon mo 1' Iu the struggle tlio mask had boon torn from his face. Their eyes meet ; tho light of the gas-jot falls full upon both of thorn ; the strngg'o onaso3, and the midnight l'obbbr loosens his hold of her. For ouo awful moment shgstarcs up at him, and lie looked down nt hor. 1 Loonio — Lockol' he gasps, hoarsely; and, with a horror too donp to bo painted in words, she gazes up into the faoo of Charlie Hart, Sho-has always had a strango horror of this man — now sho knows why. Tho awful black ness of his truo character i3 clearly revealed to hc-r. And. this is tlio uian who holds her in his deadly power— tho man who is to claim her on the morrow'as his wife, through that fatal paper Bhe had Bigued in a moment of madness. -Her senses reel at tlio very thought of it. Flying footstops wero hurrying through the corridor. Nearer and nearer they approached, and tho next moment they would roach tho door. 'Yon must not betray me,' hissed Charlie Hart, darjing behind the silicon draperies of tlio window, " ' Remember — I warn you to make no outcry— that it was .only their own fancy. Do this'and I will loavo tho country to-night.' ' Say tljat you will 'never claim me as your wifo, and I will do it,' crieiLeonie, white to tho lips with. terrible excitement. Quito a crowd was collecting in tho corridor, and'Charlio Ilart could hoar them talking ol forcing open the 'dodr. Ho knew ho must speak quickly,- and ho gave tho promise that ho had no intention of keeping, readily enough ; and Leonie,, in all her innocent trustfulness, believed him. Tho next moment slio bad unbolted tho door and flung it wide open. Deep down in her soul Leonio abhors tho lib . sho is compelled to act ; but sho knows it is the price of tho horrible secret this gnilty plunderer holds over her head liko a flaming sword, _juid she must not hesitate.- Sho dare not allow his presence- thero to become known. ' Oh,l- -what is tho:maltor ?' the ladies ery in a chorus, crowding around her in breathless alarm. '. What;can bo the matter, Mies Locke ?' Lodnie clasps her hands above her heart as lhoiigh.,to stop '-tho violon.t throbbing that she is quite sure llioy must hear. A deathly faintness stoals over hor; but she dares not give way to it,' lest by any chance tho.y might cross the room to open the,' window, and Charlie Hart's retreat would be disclosed to their astonished eyes; and then, to dqfend. his horrible position, such a shocking fi.rpoae would follo-.v, and ero tho sun ebono on tho'morrow tho wholo city would ring with tho groat sensational Bcandal that would iijar n young girl's, lifo. But .whbri such a moment come3, stung to- madness by her. wrongs and persecutions, let Chdrlio Hart tremble, his life would not be worth much. .1 no did not know the terriblo vengeaiiebiSbo :WQiild- take upon. him, a glorious rey"qnge,'and-tho;.world would applapd hor when, they heard li'cr pitiful slorv. ' .'/-.'iv,We.;.'lho«jgbt ,\vo>;lioajd'; a piercing scream,' echoed I tlio' ladies / ' .brit wo must havo been ; fnist ikeh, . judging from your -expression of as tonishment. --D.d you cry out ?' -- . 'No,' said Leonio, making. a bravo attompt.at composure'!; ;' it jhust liavo beeii a mischievous urchin oh the street. I am sorry you loft tho ballroom on' such an errand.' Tho merry grnup ot maidens tripped quickly back tp. the . ball-room, laughing and chatting, balling back -to 'Lebnio to ' make haste and join them, for the baud, was playing another , waltz.' Mrs/ Barrett '.aionq remained, much to Leonie's terror. Loonio sinkg down in - a powerless sort of a way ibto'the first chair, and Mr3. Barrett notioos ' in; : thb; liectio -fliish of Yier cheoks - and startled tbrighiriess of Uer'-e'yes'iinusual excitement. Loonio and Mrs. Barrett are alone together, or at least the latter lady thinks so. - _ . ' Lsonie,' she says, sitting down on tho velvet divan beside ; h;er, and taking the girl's cold fingers in her own, ' I was passiog through the -"corridor and hoard thoso crios distinctly ; I knew your voice. I am at- a loss to comprehend the moaning of it, tnydear; I cannot understand it; why."3id yoii call- for help ? There seems to be some startling mystery hero.' ' ' Did- 1 ?'; answered Leonie, . confusedly ; ' I must havo been dreaming if I cried out,' turning a '.'face so wliito and miserable toward Mrs. Barrett that sho started back in wonder. -'You liavo not been yourself of late, Leonie,' sho answers, drawing tho dark, curly-head to her; bosom and pushing back the soft, olingihg. looks- from tho girl's templo. ' Yqu noed rest. Lio'. down on tho sofa again ; I will go and .find Mr. Barrett and ho will bco that., th'9 - oarriago is- bronght around at onco.' 'Yes, let us go- home, I am tired to doalh 1". As she speaks Leonio sinks back upon the sofa; clasping hor hands ovor her heart; Thsro is a .wearino3s nnspoakablo jn the ges ture, and heart-sickncss so palliotia in - the: quivering voice that Mrs. Barrett takes the slight figure in horarni3and soothes her as though sho wero a tired, child, 1 Mv noor- little dear.' she sa vs. ' no wonder you are tired; yon have danced almost every set; your nerves aro all unstrung with so much oxcitemsnt.1 . ; ' Yos, I am tired,' sighod Loonio ; ' I will rost hove until you 001110 for me.' : ... ' I shall not bo long, then; my dear,' -Mrs. Barrett says, us she walks quiokly from the room. But her last words liavo fallen upon deaf ears. Trying to keep" up appearances: before Mrs, Barrett, when at any moment Charlie Hart's noqr presence might bo discovered, has been too much -for her highly strung nerves; and Bhe dropped back upon the pillow in a.denthl.v swoon. The moment the door elosod Charlie Hart darted from his plnoo of concealment ahd turned tho key in tho look. Ooo glance at Leonie's faco and he takes in the exact situation. A sardonic langh forces its way through his teeth. ' I thought I should- liavo considerable trouble with hor, but Dame Fortune seems to aid me.' As he muttered tho last words I10 wrapped a dark oloak, wliioh ho found in' tho wardrobe, quickly about her, and raising her in his arms with as much easo as though sho had been an infant-, hastily undo his exit with her through tlio long, low, Frenoh window, through which ho had gained au ontranco into tho boudoir. ' It will bo many a long year before your friends will look upon your fueo again, my oharming- Leonie. My staunch little craft will take a long cruise tbi3 time.' .Charlie Hart was fleet of foot and strong of arm, and, atill oirrying Leonie, ho hastily made his way. toward tho water. A Rmall skiff wns moored there, into which ho quickly placad his unconscious burden, taking tho precaution, how ever, to placo Leonie's hat, ono tiny slipper, and a shred torn from her dres3, conspicuously on tlio shore, to load to tho impression that she had made away with. herselfi.- . " . — - A few strokes of tho oars and thoy were skimming over tho water. Leonie's swoon had lasted so long Charlie Hart had become frightened.- . - . At a lonely isolated spot on tho banks of the Hudson, lie fastened his skiff, and, lifting Leonie from thoTmt,- rapidly made his way toward a long, low stone house, "standing quite alone, in tho midst oLonxtbusiye oorn-field. - Groat overarching trno3 and a high wall of briers""onmplotolly concealed it from tho main road, and a wavfarer, struggling through that unused placo that skirted the river, would nover dream of a lmmur habitation in such clo3o proximity, as no path lod to it from tho main road. Charlie Hart eoouiil no stranger in that | locality. Dark clouds every now and then ob scured the face of the moon ; but, oven in that eoini-daYHness, ho made his way, with his heavy burden, through tho dense foliage with very little difficulty. Tho door was fastened securely, and tho shutters of tho windows closed. Thero seemed no signs of life about this mysterious habitation, 00 near, and yet so far roinovod from "the mad dening. A terrible,' dcath-liko oppression reigned undisturbedly around tbo stone-imbedded sjruc-. tare. Ho gave a poqulior rap upon tho door — once, twice, thrice... . , The signal was repeated from tho inside, and Charlie Hart stooped, pressed his -lips to the hoy-hole', and , uttered ' a foiv words. There was a low, grating sound, and the door was cautiously opened. .. : CHAPTER XXXVI. The door of the stone house 'was opened by a cautious hand, and a black, woolly head, covered by a bright /gay turban, that looked strangely weird in the uncertain moonlight, was thrust through the slight opening, to make sure there bad;been no deception practised upon the sus picious imnato of this strange abode. ' 1 Open the door quickly Ilagar," cried Charlio Hart, impatiently. ' Don't keep me standing out here all night. I've somebody in iny arms who has fainted.' " ' Lor' I Mfti'30 Hart,' cried the old woman, flinging the door wide open. ' 1 only wanted ter uialto shn' it war you, ebu' 'nuff.' Charlie Hart pushed impatiently past her, entered the low-ceilingod apartment beyond, and laid tho slight figure of Leonio down upon a rude lounge which was placed against- the wall, 1 Lot mo 'tend dat ar chile, Marse Hart-,' cried the old woman, hobbling after him, with all the curiosity of her ebony race. 'I'll fetch her to quick 'nuff. You men don't un's'tan' 'bout dem 'fairs.' As she spoke she had- gained his side, -and proceeded at once to divest Leonio of the thick cloak that had enveloped her. 'Oil, Lor' 1' she cried out in astonishment, gazing down on the marble-white face. 'Why, Marao Hart, dis ain't no chile; slio am a young ladv, an- jest as lovely as a born angel.' . ' Never mind making commonts,' cried Charlio Hart; ' Set to work and seo if yon can restore her ; this swoon has lasted over an hour ; tho deuce and all would bo to pay if wo were obliged to call in a doctor.'; \- At.that monient 'an adjoining door. opened and Kate Hardy .glided quickly into tlio room, stop- ping short as her astonished gaze fell upon the. slight figure in the silken robes, and crushed roses on hor breast, lying on the lounge. \- ' Who in the world is this, Charlie ?' sho crieil, : taking a step or two forward ; then she recoiled with a fearful shriek. ' It's Leonio Locko's ghost come back to- haunt me.' In an instant she east herself down, at Hart's foet, her. face livid, her teeth chattering, and her great, staring black eyes riveted in mortal terror on Leonie's face. . ' She quite believed it was Leonie's glicst, for 3he nover know she had beon saved from tbat horrible death .on the rails to which sho had consigned her. After fastening Leonio securely, Kate Hardy had rushed frantically away into the darkness, out of the Bound of the death- cries that each momont grew fainter and fainter. Terrified at what she had done, sho dared not roturn the next day to tho workroom of Messrs. Lincoln and Carlislo, but fled to thiB retreat for safety, lest by some strange chance tho terriblo crime sho had committed should become known, and the awful mystery of that night's work she had kept carefully hidden in her own guilty breast. — It was" littlo wonder she stared nt the -still,"- Blender form, nnd the whito face framed in its -silky rings of soft brown curls; with a terror too deep for words, . '.You have either gone suddenly mad, or you aro a fooM'-cried Charlio Hart, angrily spurning the girl from him. ' I always thought before ' .that you had a littlo sense.' - 1 -Sho lias come back to haunt: me,' cried thov girl, inooborently ; ' just as I . always know she - WOllld.' . .. ; ' It was some moments before Kate Hardy could-, be convinced that -Leonie really lay before her. 1 . - Then .suddenly she turned upon him like a flash. - .-'How oamo tlio girl hero ?' she -hissed, in a " voice of such concentratod- rago that itnppallod evenl Charlie Hart. ' You brought her hero !' she screamed.; ' what is she to you, Charlie Hart? Toll mo the whole story— H will know it, I say.' For n moment-ho was speechless at the mad torrent of Ivato Hardy's rage, which was growing fiercer each instant. ' There is littlo to tell,' he replied, with a grat ing langh, twirling nervouslv'nt his black mous tache. 'Thoro was a grand ball in Now York to-night; I gained an ontranco into ono of tho boudoirs, and was helping myself to a set of jewels when I was suddenly faced by yonder - girl ; she tore tho mask from my face, and as wo had met before sho recognised mo, and aroused the wholo house by her screams. I could not stand upon ceremony whilo tho guests wero hammering down tho door ; I hastily wrapped that shawl about her and took hor bodily from tlio room lost slio should betray mo. The girl fainted with fright, and has remained in tliat death-like swoon ovor since. I darod-not leave . her, and thoro was no othecfoasible course to pursue thau to bring her here, which I accord ingly did.' ' Yon eay you wore helping yourself to the diamonds ; whero are they ? Show them to ma nnd I will believe your story,' answered Kate Hardy, gazing at him steadily with her hard, brilliant eyes. Charlie Hart took the jowels from his pocket and heaped them upon the table. Thero was proof positive, yet Kate was loath to believe him. ' You loved Leonie Looko ones, nnd yon lovo her yet, and havo dnrod'fifbriug her where T am.' Charlio Hart know tho tigerish joalousy of the woman before him too well to allow that state- s mont to pass uncontradicted. ' It is false,' he cried, doggedly ; ' tho girl is a prude ; I admit I might liavo had a ..passing fano.v for hor at ono time, but she snnhbod 1110 most audaciously, and I vowod I would bo re venged upon lvsr, for vcngeanco is sweeter than love.' Still Kate Hardy was but half satisfied. 'Yon do not love her?' sho repeated, ens- picionsly. 'Swear it 1' \- ' By all the snints in the calendar, - if yon-like,' ho replied, moodily. ' Come, Kate,' ho added, with au effort to affect a gaiety he was far from feeling. 'You and I cannot afford to quarrel ovor such trifles ; seo that the girl does not escapo, and you shall not rogret it.' 'How can it benefit me?' she asked, oyeing him fixedly. ' As soon as I oan turn those diamonds into cash I will marry you, Kate, aud we will fly from hero. Have patienoo a little longer, Kate/ ' You havo promised that often before,' she re plied, bitterly, '-and I'm Kato Hardy still. You must keep your word with mo 1' |to bb continued, j 