OUT OF 'EIIC llRUNNING. b (M. E. M. in Sketey Bits). t. I. 'Saul among the prophets-Nevill o Chancellor among the shearers' b The comparisr.n occurred involun- h tarily to Faith Trrcwarben as she lay u with unusually wakeful eyes, watchings the southern starlight between her tl curtains; and though she told herself II the thought was irreverent it returned h persistently, so wide a gulf seemed set h between the man's nature -and his occupation. It was no strange thing for those who knew the colony to recognise the guinea s stamp of good breeding on the battered r specimens of human coinage so plentiful in New South Wales ;but the hall mark @ of gentility, though ineffaceable, was g frequently only a deplorable addition to other lines scored by weakness, c dissipation, and selfindulgence, and t Chancellor's face was singularly free t frc m these. His fellow exiles had moments of I confidence about that shadowy life at r home between which and the present a there lay usually some dark rubicon of r disaster, moral or financial; but in Chancellor's case thie past seemed to I be hidden from the eyes of memory, t and the men who had known him t longest could only reply to any question with the vague surmise, ' Oh, I suppose t he likes the life, don't you know.' Trewarben himself had- no more satisfactory information to give, though Chancellor had worked for him every August for years, and had known his I station under many aspects-in early days, when the Cornishman was starting his colonial life full of hope and of pride in his new estate ; later, when he was weighed down by the loss of his wife and the parting from little Faith; in good seasons, when prices were high and plenty reigned; in bad times, when drought was ringing men's hearts with the hopelessness of Efghting the im placable powers of nature; and now, when Trewarben, having taken a second wife, had ventured to send to England for his only child. Faith had been a little resentlul when the news of her father's re-marriage reached her, not suspecting that in reality it was only one of the many arrangements for her comfort which had been occupying his mind for years, but the comprehension of this came to her gradually as she found how purely ornamental a part she was called upon to play, while 'rewarbcn's considerate tenderness was an unexpected feature of her new life. Indeed, none of it was quite like her anticipation, and tonight, as she lay awake listening to the restless, question ing bleats of the sheep ready penned by the sheds, she speculated over the fresh experience to begin on the morrow -the shearing, preparations for which had caused a stir through the home stead for days before, while the extra work it would entail had brought an influx of strange * hands,' Nevill Chan cellor among them ; and once more her thoughts centred round the unsolved problem, Why should such a man be a shearer? It appeared, certainly, to be what an economist might call waste of material to set him the rough, manual labour that a man of much coarser fibre might have done. He seemed, however, to have no doubt as to his own fitness for the work. In the chill grey light of the August dawn he dressed himself in the scanty garb suitable for a day in the sheds, and whistled softly while he put away his few primitive toilet accessories, and folded the decent coat in which he had appeared at Trewarben's dinner-table thte previous night. The whistling was a quiet, contented smil sounding strain, not the shrill, defiant unce note that attempts to drown thought, and and there was no echo of disappoint- dep; ment or regret in the cherry voice that evol answered a fellow-shearer's inquiry as H to how he felt with the emphatic asser- heft tion : and ; Fit as anything !' the . Lthe Life on Trewarben's station, although stuy outwardly the same as in former springs dist was in reality subtly affected in many was ways by Faith's presence. son Shearing time was, of course, always arra a period of hospitality; owners and was managers front neighbouring stations beg came in to discuss the prospects of the sug season, men on their way to' jobs' farther up country looked in for a real night's lodging, and among the shearer's app employed on the run there were ren several it was pleasant to have to din- you ner or to spend Sunday afternoon. .Trewarben now found his invitations vig, responded to with wonderful alacrity, eve and among his guests the competition hen for Faith's favour soon grew keen, each why man trying to outshine his fellows, in usi some way, and a youth, who made; a loo speciality of card tricks was hated;-by all his.compeers for some days when it aon became known that the girl had asked his him to conme in by himself some he evening and show her " how it was hbo done.' There was one point, however, on del which before long they were all obliged dei to agree-no one -had any chance against that fellow Chancellor; and he, wh tacitly ignoring all competition, smiled to himself at' finding how easy was the rid pronunciation of the old shibboleths of mi flirtation, a game at which long ago he Os had been an expert. an At first he was animated only by the desire to excel in whatever he under- hr took, a characteristic which had im- lhis pelled him to become the most expert shearer in New South Wales ; but th gradually a suggestion, vague in its beginmng, yet growing by degrees more definite, crept into his mind. Supposing as he were to gamble in earnest for this of stake-to try and win, not only.Fajlh's as passing favour, but her heart and hand tlh as well ? D The personality of. the girl herself made such an idea more than possible. re Pretty, with a fresh, healthy fairness, she: was unconscious of the advantage gc herlooks gave her, and her education, in a'quiet,' English country town, while fIl quickening her intelligence and refining her instincts, had not included lessons in coquetry or wordly wisdom. To a veteran, " more than twice her years," - as Chancellor was, her ,youth tu and her sweet simpleness constituted hi her great charm, and there was also the practical side of the matter to be con- in sidered. Faith was an only child, antd hi her father, undoubtedly a rich man, fa was so evidently devoted to her that it th was safe to conclude that he would not I refuse her anything which she had e resolved was for her happiness.. There was little wonder that such easealter ui toil as would be his portion should he d be accepted as Trewarben's son-in law, ni presented itself in very attractive form al to Chancellor sometimes. - p One 'evening, when 'his work was I over, he walked across to the garden, w by Faith's invitation, to see how well p her English flower seeds were coming it up, and as he followed the line of fence d surrounding the pleasure grounds' he b thought more, it must be owned, of the n Shalf-shy, half gratified smile with which p he expected his young hostess to greet t hint than of the little green patches of d , *mbryo plants he would be called upon i5 to admire. a o a - When he came to the gate, under the a shadow of the great acacia tree, he s d paused for a moment, laying his hand v II on the latch, and looked down the a k flower-edged pathway, wondering if the ' s girl had remembered her appointment. r n An instant later, the glint of her white i, dress, as the afternoon sunlight slanted d through the great ferns, showed him r e that sihe awaited him, but the sound of v her low laugh floating towards him, as p if he hesitated, convinced him that she it was not alone, and he felt unreasonably a it annoyed at the prospect of their inter- c if view being anything hut confidential. n ' Has that little Scotch stepmother of o hers suddenlyawakened to the fact that , a chaperon may be necessary ?' .he t n wondered. t n But such, apparently, was -not the t ;e case, for Faith's companion, as she v moved into fuller view, proved to be, t re not her stepmother, but a man. h It needed only one glance to learn t ry that he was young-three or four and t is twenty -at most--a second's further c ly scrutiny acknowledged himt to be ar ig gentleman, and he walked close to his c of companion with a peculiarly protective c se turn of his head towards lier, which to 1 is Chancellor's keen eye expressed much. ; 'Come in, Mr Chancellor,' called th Faith's clear voice, so refreshing to his tn fastidious ear in it lack of colonial th drawl. ' I was expecting you. ,I dotit I n- think you have met Mr Ferguson,' she w, continued, turning to the youth at her td side. ' Mr Ferguson-Mr Chancellor. sd He is as new a chum as-I am, you know. We came out on th: same ship.' en Chancellor looked at Ferguson as he ge bowed. ' Oxford,' was his silent con, in ment. 'That manner was learnt no sy where else.' ch Then the eyes of the two men met, rs, and for a moment the elder stood to breathless and confused, unconscious :ly that his glance hlad suddenly turned to on a stare of blankest surprise. \Vith an ite effort, however, he maintained his self ire command, and presently he deliberately sought another look from Ferguson by ier addressing him directly. ay 'Have you a billet in the neighbour n hood?' he asked. ed 'Yes, I have,' Ferguson answered he frankly. ' I came out with an intro ow duction to Maclean, and he lhas set me ch to mend fences and miake up drinking se places-beastly dull it is too.' tra ' 4nd damper making needs practice,' an said Chancellor. ' I should have in- thought Maclean wanted all hands at oer the homestead just now, but perhaps he ed thinks shearing-time too lively.' e a Faith loakedrl up and nodded. SYes,' she said saucily; ' and boys an must be kept out of mischief.' rial To this disrespectful assertion Fer our guson gave no denial, except a question ght ing lift ot his eyeblrowvs, and a smile that brought a sudden wave of colour no over Faith's face. the 'It is lhunrbug-infernal humbug,' said Chancellor to himself, as he ust watched themn. ' It is just tihe name nty which makes me imagine the likeness. ind But those eyes-' his Ferguson's eyes were remarkable, it ud is true-a bright, clear hazel, with long, iad black lashes, making them look darker ble than they were, and he had a trick ot lifting them suddenly, and showing tihe smile lurking in their shadows that was I uncomtortably familiar to Chancellor, him and making some excuse to Faith for his limt departure, he fled from the memory gool evoked. thar He was back in his own quarters mar before his brain was quite under control line and sitting down on the bench outside was the shearer's sleepingbhut, he gazed on the well-known scene before him with he stupid, unseeing eyes. At a little distance, Mervyn, the shearers' cook, asks was singing the refrain of a music-hall the song while he superintended the supper that arrangements; rather nearer one mlan was acting hair-dresser to another, and turt beguiling the time with the conventional pro suggestions. ' Hair a trifle thin on the top, sir; ' bi really, at your age and with your tof appearance you should take steps to remedy this. Allow me to recommend mo you our unrivalled Sheep dip.' This proposal and the victim's slo' vigorous rejoinder drew a laugh from dat everyone except Chancellor within hearing, and two men close at hind, ant who were seated on upturned buckets, val using a packing-case for a card table, got looked up at his'grave face in surprise. ' What's up," Chancellor ?' asked one, and then as if suddenly observing his comrade's well-groomed appearance he added,' Are you dining with the M boss this'evening ?' Chancellor's perplexed thoughts sud denly formed themselves into a decision. -'Yes,' he said quietly. 'I asn why ?' si So is Maclean's new boundary rider-a remittance-man, I hear. You IL might suggest he should look down to k Owen's shanty on' Sunday if he has any spare cash.' ' ' Chancellor rose' to his feet and brushed a patch of dust carefully dff his sleeve. ' ' ' Well, I might,' he said coolly; ' but that's.hardly in my line, is it ?' III. •n Thinking it well to settle the question I as to the ghost,of the past looking out a' of Ferguson's hazel eyes, Chancellor m asked him straightforwardly if he were CI tihe son of Ferguson -of "the 5oth cv Dragoons. r f Why, yes,' was the unhesitating t reply. ' Do you know him ?' 'I did years ago, and a thorough good fellow he was.' 11 * He is still,' said Ferguson, with a flush of boyish pride and pleasure. - ' And you are Teddie ?' S'Yes; I am Teddie.' Is your mother well ?' 'Quite, thank you.' And Teddie , turned away rather abruptly to inspect 3 his girths. e A moment later he swung himself into the saddle, and Chancellor watched a I him ride off, glad with an uneasy satis. faction.that he had not uttered aloud it the words that had risen to his lips, t it 'Your mother was -the beat woman I r d ever knew.' - e As long as that thought remained Ir unspoken it might be stilled, and he e did not care to encourage it, when lihe r. meant to use against that woman's son n all the resources of which time and ex' perience had made him master. a Is His fellow shearer's chance question, I. which had brok.n in upon his mood of 1I perplexity and indecision, had, in some g inexplicable fashion, enabled him sud- I :e denly to decide to make a desperate e hid for the future's lair gilt, which his e meeting with Ferguson seemed to have a .h put far beyond his grasp. et 'The past is passed,' he told himself Sf doggedly. With a fair field my chance in is as good as his, and the girl shall a make her own choice.' :e So through the weeks of the shearing se season the duel between the two men id was slowly fought out, each using his re own weapons. Chancellor's knowledge eto of femnine nature against the boy's it. mystified reverence, his calculated ex te pressions of devotion against the other's a rd impetuous, innocent passion, the m romance of a past-with its superior of wisdom against youth and its infinite as possibilities. "e 'To -Farth's consciousness these' ly antagonisms were non-existent, and, r- outwardly at least,' she treated both men as equally her friends. of . During these long spring weeks she at averred that she ' lived on wool,' for he the cool, grey mornings began with the voices of the men trooping down he to the great, iron-roofed shed, the he warm, sunny hours of daylight went by ie, to the constant hunt of the machinery that kept the clippers in motion, and rn the evenings were spent in reviewing id the work of the day, discussing the er quality of fleeces, and comparing weights a and prices with those ol former years, sis except--and it was a significant ex. ve ception-when Faith sang to Ferguson's to banjo or played Chancellor's favourite :h. ' bits' while he learned against the ed corner of her piano. sIs The question of her preference was, ial naturally, discussed armong those on l t lookers, who had learned that only he stray crumbs of her friendship would ter ever fail to their share, and opinions ar. as to her final decision were fairly on evenly divided. p.' 'Suppose old Trewarlhen will have a he casting vote, after all ?' suggested one n.- of the gossips. ' t he boy, I believe, is to- straight enough ; but how about the other ? Is the boss likely to hand the et, girl over to a chap under a cloud ?' od ' What makes you think Chancellor rus is under a cloud ?' demanded another. to ' He has been known as the best of an good fellows for the last ten years.' lf- ' And before?' queried the first ely speaker. by Oh-before ?' echoed his friend, with a laugh and a significant shrug. ur- ' 5nhat were we-any of us-ten years ago V ed And the subject was dropped. ro- Chancellor, meanwhile, watched the me drama in which he was playing with rg the critical perception sulpposed to belong only to spectators, knowing that re,' the present undefined situation could se not be much further prolonged. at His departure, drawing very near he now, must ring the curtain down on some decisive tetermnriation, and to one of the actors the finale could not oys fail to be more or less tragic. 'lhts thought was specially clear in hcr- his mind one Sunday afternoon early on- in Seprtember, as he lay back in a long xile chair on Trewarben's verandah, and our watched Fatth and Treddie studying to. gether the latest batch of illustrated ug,' papers from England. The final page he was criticised at length, and Ferguson, ,me rising to his feet, stood and looked out ess. over the sunny landscaple, where tIhe hot air quivered above the tin-roofed it station sheds, and far away the wide g, acres of pasture lost themselves in ser rctches of scrub, ulight with the fresh : leaf and blossom of an Australian tie spring. Both Faith and Chancellor watched him as he stood there, tall and straight limbed, with the air of good health and good breeding that is more attractive than simple good looks ; then the older man glanced across at the girl, and the lines of his face hardened. Ferguson was the first to break the silence. 'I promised to go down to Owen's,' he said, half-doubtfully. * Isn't it more comfortable here ? asked Faith, who had heard stories of tle ' Wool pack Hotel,' alias ' Owen's,' that did not impress her in its favour. ' But the fellows expect me,' he re turned ; and Faith drew up her head proudly'as she replied : Ol'course, if you promised,' she said ; 'but I don't see why you should care to go there,'.. - Chancellor took his pipe from his mouth,'and spoke oracularly. ' Because he is a man,' he said slowly, ' and leading- strings are out of date.' I'erguson'scolourdeepened suddenly, and after one look at Faith, pleading vainly for a responsive smile, he was gone. in (To be concluded in our next). 