Correspondence. WEXFORD GHOST STORY. (To the Editor of the "Advocate.") Sir,—In your paper of Saturday, 19th iiist., 1 read a ghost story which is ne*^ to me and to any other person from the place mentioned. y Witli all due deference to the " Penny Pictorial Magazine" (which paper yotaV got the report from), 1 have S>. state that the Silent Man must be, very long time on the retired list, l am^ a Wexford man, and I never hkve heard cither from the younger or older generation of the Dutchman; but I have heard the following tale told several times, which is real, and I hope you will be pleased to publish in your next issue. Wexford Harbour, or more correctly, Wexford Bay, has its real' ghost story. One November evening long , years ago, when the sea was yielding abundant harvest, a well-manned fleet of fishing boats crowded over the harbour mouth into the bay. It was St. Martin's Eve, and as the boats fled seaward there arose the vision of the Saint, drawn by white horses, and waving back the fleet. The hardy fishers with one exception disregarded the warning, and they had scarcely cast their nets when a storm arose which left Wexford with hundreds of widows and orphans. Since that dire day the seaman has not been found who dares to fish in Wexford Bay on St. Martin's Eve, 10th November. No matter how fine the weather, the boats lie idly at their moorings, so strong is the hold the memory of that dread St. Martin's Eve has taken on the miuds of the fishing folk of Wexford.—Yours truly, PATRipK MURPHY. Upper Clemes-strcet, Stawell, Victoria, 21st August, 1899. Mr. Justin McCarthy, in a letter lu the " New York Independent," tells ' a story about the late Dr. Wallace. He was addressing the House of Commons on some question of inadequate material concession to some popular demand. A supporter of the Government interrupted him by calling out the familiar question : "Is not half a loaf better than no breadP" "Yes," Wallace retorted promptly, "but is half a watch better than no chronometer?" and amid the delighted laughter of both sides of the House he went on with his address. Miss Mary Coleman, the daughter of Captain Hugh Coleman, a Criminal Court lawyer, has been admitted to the bar in the Appellate Division of the Supremo Court, New York City. She is a graduate of St. Gabriel's Academy. 