MacGILLEROY'S MILLIONS. BY IZA DUFFUS HAKDY, Author of "Iu the Springtime of Love," "Love in Idleness," "The <Jirl He Did Not Alarrv,'' "A Woman's Loyalty," "A New Othello," "Onlv a Love Story,'' &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XIX. It was Lilian'.-; footfall that wai at the door, Lilian who interiuirted this ill-starred interview. Her j'aea brightened as she greeted her lover, who was sinnding, tall, dark, and eveci. at a discreet distance from the other vi.-itor, and quickly came forward to met her, thus interposing himself between her and Cleo, to giv-e the latter time to collect and compose herself—a precaution that wa~, however, little needed, first, because Cleo ivas a well-practised acti-ess, secondly, because Lilian at the moment of meeting, though they had only been apart for two days, had eyes only for him. A soft, holf-cliy smile dimpled "al>out her lips as her hand rested lingermgly in his—in his that but a minute ago had strained that other woman's hand in a grip that was almost fierce! "You have not been introduced, I suppose?" Lilian said, glancing from him to Cleo, in whose manner as she stood at ease, with one hand on an open book on the table, there was no betraying or suspicious si^n. "I have not yet presented my credentials to this lady," lie replied; and his voice was firm and hard: a cold, half-mocking smile curved his lips. "'•Then let me introduce you to Mrs. Freeman—3\lr. Hazard."' A faint flush warmed her cheek as she uttered his name. Hazard bowed low. Cleo acknowledged the introduction formally, but graciously. "The widow, I believe,'-of my late regretted friend Anthony Fleming?" Hazard observed. It occurred to Lilian that there was a little failing in his usual discretion (she would not i have allowed herself to think him guilty of an indelicacy) in thus dragging in" any allusion to that unlucky name at the first moment of introduction. It was indeed in the sheer bravado of carrving off a desperate position that he spoke. Cleo held her head high' and met liis gaze steadily, with something that was almost a challenge in her own. •'•Indeed? I was not aware that Mr. Hazard" (with a slight emphasis imperceptible to any ear but his on the name) "was acquainted with my husband?" "Oh, yes, we met, and chummed years ago, out in Denver." "In Denver? Ah?" She smiled; her smile ted a tinge of mockery that seemed to meet and defy his. "That would be before your day, would it not?" put in Lilian, with the innocent intent of smoothing matteis and turning the subject. She was unsuspicious as a child of the under-cuiTcnts of significance in their words, yet vaguely conscious of sometEing invisible, impalpable, undefinablje, some magnetic disturbance in the atmosphere, ~which, however, she set down as the natural effect of the widow's sensitiveness, beiiw — rufSed or wounded by Philip's abrupt and, as even she could not but think, ill-timed allusion to her unfortunate husband. "Yes, that was beiore my day," Cleo assented slowly. Lilian strove to smooth the position and -oil the wheels of conversation, which seemed to run somewhat stiffly, by well-meant commonplace. We talk ungratefully and lightly of "commonplace, but we are none of us half grateful enough for the boon of its help in getting us over thin places in the iee. Cleo seconded her hostess vivaciously, and soon Mrs. Yaughan came in. kind and gracious to Cleo (she was always kind and gracious to every one unless sbe had some especial reason for being the reverse), and quite affectionate to Hazard, whom she now addressed, with an intimacy that marked his acceptance as one of the family, as "Philip." Mrs. Freeman was certainly an acquisition at the dinner table; sliei was good- to look at and had plenty to sav; she was full of amusing and discreetly chosen reminiscences, Atlantic anecdotes and gossip of the Riviera, even now and then audaciously throwing in an allusion to Denver City or Chicago—allusions which Hazard, as if answering a tacit challenge, was ready to take up, to catch and throw back the ball; for he had now settled himself squarely in the new post tjon, and was daringly, almo3t defiantly self- possessed. Cleo was well accustomed to the transformation scenes of life, but even to her the situation seemed scarcely credible; she was hardly sure it was not all a wild dream, and every now and then she felt an insane inclination to break out into violent laughter, as she watched the man who now called himself Philip Hazard, in his new Character, so trustfully received into tho bosom of this quiet unsophisticated English family, as the betrothed husband of the fairest flower of the home. Her amazement, and ironical amusement at the position were, hoij-fever: so admirably disguised that even he wondered'half- admirinely at her sang-froid. 'This woman oould" keep his secret safe if she would. Could—but would she? She should—she must! She had her price, he was sure of that, and whatever-it might be, it must be paid. The Vaughans were talking about a drive to Charlton next day, to pay some calls, and when the ladies had retired to the drawing-room after dinner. Hazard ,tcok the opportunity of asking the Major about a somewhat rare historical work, and pulled out pocket-book and pe.ncil to enter date of publication, publisher's came, &c.; During the-evening, whilst looking over a portfolio of engravings, he found a chance of 6liDping a tiny scrap of paper into Cleci's hand unperceived. On it had been scribbled—"Must see you alcjie. When and where? Can you make some excuse for staving at home to-morrow afternoon?" 'The passing of the slip of paper from hand to hand'had been easy enough, albeit under the very eyes of the unsuspecting family party, and Cleo found no difficulty in giidiug "an answering whisper equally safely into his ear, in the moment that she bent towards him as if to offer her help to close the heavy portfolio. She was not the woman tc, change colour, or look conscious, or betray by the expression of her face the words her lips were framing, as with smiling ease and apparent nonchalance she dropped a few syllables under her breath. Ana so the tryst was made before Lilian's face, .without the ghost cf a suspicion dawning in her mind. When "the hour came for Hazard to take his leave and go his way, his fiancee went with him as far as the hall door, a proceeding which by this time had bccome a recognised habit and custom; indeed, in the simple hcimely family at Sunnyside, it had generally devolved upon Lilian to see visitors out, though nowadays she was universally- besought "'not to trouble" to do anything that could be a trouble to her. But it was no trouble to see the last of Hazard at. the door, and often it happened that there was a book or paper to be exchanged, and they turned into the Major's study, when the~Majc,v was safely out of it, as he was this evening, being entertained by the interesting conversation of the attractive guest. "Well, what do you think of her?" was Lilian's first question when tete-a-tete with her lover. "Think of her? Oh!"—hesitating with a careless air intended to convey that he had not thought enough to form or express any opinion. "She's pretty, isn't she?" said Lilian. "Hump! Yes, passable looking; weil preserved." His eyes rested on^ Lilian's pure, sweet face, more beautiful than ever now, with the love light on it, glorified by that soul radiance "that never was on land c,r sea." "You o.in afford to admire other women, my girl!" he added. •'•Why?""the asked, for the moment innocently UDComprehendin?: then she read his meaning in his eyes, and smiled, glad with an ever fresh gladness that those eyes found her fair. lie smoothed rite hair back from her brow, and framed her face between, his hands. She little dreamt that he seemed to himself to be lookinc at her across a gulf! "Daxiing!" he said, and there was more of sombre passion than tenderness in his deepened tone, "you're the world's one worn.-; n t-o mc!" They lingered oyer their good-night as lovers are won't to linger. It was always hard ta part, if but. for a few hour?: but hr.vr he bat-ed to leave her TKAV. under the srme roof with the woman oi' whom he could only think as "Cleo Hilary," not a? Freeman's widow! It was like !?nvmg hi-= white lamb in the fold with a hidden wolf. True, Cleo might, bear her no i!i-will. but she had it iu her power to strike a -deadly blow. He believed he might trasl her to hold her -band, to keep i>eace and silence. Yet he hated the thought of leaving those two together in the shelter of the same ho;ne. lie could not bear to release his darling from his arms to press t.he final good-night kiss on the Iip= on which his caresses left a smile as soft as the dream of a summer dawn; aud yet the trustful jiaze of the happy, love-lit eves was hard to meet! Lilian was happy. ,md did not dream of the storm in her lover's heart. She read in his every look and word the story of h:s love. Indeed, that story was plain to read; but she did not r^ad what was written br'tr.-pcn thp line.-, and that was well for her peace this nis'nt! Whi'.e she was lapped in a moonlight trance of .happiness, he was consumed as by a fire. lie knew no peace or rest either with her e.r without her. The serpents of fore- ' boding and misgiving that, had sometimes I been lulled to sleep were awake, and writh-1 ed and stung in his soul. What if Fate should snatcJi her from his arms? If by a destiny crueller than death she should tpar herself away from himIf he lived to sec her shrink, recoil from him? No! that he would not Fee! No matter at what cost, he would hold her his —his to the Ia.s;,<>f life! The next day his scheme for obtaining a private interview with C'lco worked out safely snd satisfactorily. C'lco felt her cold worse., and excused herself from accompanying the family party on their long drive. Hazard, calling at Sunnyside shortly after they had started, expressed regret at missing them; he had hoped to be in time to catch them before they went out, his watHi must have been slow—yes, he would come in for a few minutes, and he found Mrs. Freeman in the dra.wing-room ready and willing to receive him. The opportunity was not to be waited, however much he rebelled against the compulsory confidence into wliic-h a perverse fate had driven him. There was no help for it, he must, and did then and there, confide to Cieo the full explanation of the circumstances which had led him to take up the startling position in which their un expected meeting had revealed him — and conceal from her. if possible, the deep and bitter reluctance with which he felt himself thus forced into trusting her with his secrets. "It's t>.e wildest, maddest, most despe rate same the mind of mortal man could conceive!" slip said when she had heard all -his s-tory. "And I believe there's not man but you would dare to undertake it! A strange smile hovered about her lips, and there was no mistaking the look in her eyes, dilated with admiration—if indeed there was nothing warmer than mere admiration in the gjeiim that kindled in their curious ruddy brown depths—as she added, "You stand committed to it now!" "And I'll carry it through," he rejoined. "I've burnt my ships behind me! And you —you're safe, aren't you, Cleo? You can keep a secret?" '"'This is a desperate secret to keep," she said slowly, her eyes still fastened on his face. "But you will keep it? You dan, if any woman can." "Ah, vou remember me well enough to know that?" "Yes, of course, I remember." He strove not to accept the suggested reminiscence with too ill a grace. "1 know you can be safe and silent if you will.". "And you're sure I will?" "Don't play with me. Cleo!" His face darkened, land a flush of deep and haralyheld-in anger and impatience rose to his cheek. "1 know a word of yours could give the whole thing away," he added, commanding himself by sheer force to a more conciliatory tone. "But you weren't the one, in the old days, to play that game. And now — it's worth your while"-j-the words almost stuck in his throac. "Is it?" she questioned. "Yes," he answered shortly and sternly, "it is. Do you think I'm one to ask you to be in this without playing the ga.me fair without making it worth your while?" She flushed too, now. "And what's your price?" she asked. "What yours?" he asked with a keen look. "There's time enough to talk of that between old friends," she said, and a subtle, insidious softness crept ipto her voice. "You know well enough, if .you haven't forgotten thoEe old days you speak of, that you're in no danger from me. Am I likely to be your enemy? It's all those years ago —but you hadn't forgotten me, and I hadn't forgotten you. Can't two old friends meet and find something better to talk about than prices and bargains? It wasn't our way to waste much time on such business in those old days. Yon cotild trust me then—and don't you know that you can trust me now?" " Hazard—as we will call him still—stood stern and , silent. It dawned "upon him what manner of price it might be that Cleo would set upon her silence. He must not, dared not, tell her it was one he could not and would not pay. i'rankness and plain- speaking of the truth to her would be fatal to him. What woman would bear it aud forgive? He must resist the impulse to trample roughly and ruthlessly upon her inclination to reminiscences of that past which she seemed bent on recalling, though his soul rose in revolt against the inemorv. She must not dream how he loathed the contemplation of the days towirds. which she dragged ba<ik his reluctant thoughts. He must hold himself in curb, stifle the words on his lips that might, wbuldrgive mortal offence to her who could ruin and destrov'him. He must not rudely rebuff her advances, but he could not force himself at this moment to do more than merely pass them by as if uncomprehending. This half-sullen unresponsiveness would not and did not seem so strange to her in him, whose temper she had known so well of old. He endeavoured, not unsuccessfully. to turn the conversation from the past to the present state of things, regarding things insistently in a practical rather than in a sentimental or reminiscent aspect. He led her to tell him exactly her position in the matter. "Why didn't you have him confide his whole story to you?" he asked. "You might have indulged them in pathetic reminiscences of the late lamented. The descriptions- of his cscape and his experiences would have been interesting. His lack of marital confidence was uncomplimentary to you," he observed with harsh and bitter, almost savage, mockery. "I thought ignorance, an things considered, was a better—a safer line," she answered, with a shade of significance. He shot a piercing, searching glance at Her. "You thinte so still?" "Yes, for the present; but I have an eye to possible future developments," she replied, meeting his look steadily. "You mean you were contemplating holding that in reserve as a mine to spring on— them?" He could not force his lips to say "on her," still less "on us." " Well, I thought it well to have a trump : card—and ace—in hand." "Or up your sleeve," he rejoined with t-urling lip . But you will not play it— low? ''That depends on you," a curious smil? playing, flickering, about her lips. "You are not changed a bit,", he said after a pause, with a half-smile that just curved his mouth but did not rise to soften his loomy eyes. "I can't say as much to you," she retorted. "The beard makes a great difference, and then you're a good deal blacker and browner. \ our hair used to be quite a bright brown. Is the darkening all natural?" she added-with a sharp half-laughing look. "Even your eyes seem blacker—till one looks close into them," with a daring glance into the eyes that indeed looked dark under the dark brows, though f Jco knew, as well as Lilian did, that, they were of a changeful hue that shaded between hazel and grey. "I think I'd better be going now," he said presently. "I must not stay too long, you know: it wouldn't do to be supposed to fiud your society too fascinating,"' ironically. "Is the fair lady of a jealous turn?" she rejoined mockingly. "We needn't talk of her," he said shortly a sudden frown coming over bis face. Cleo's brow darkened too; a fiery gleam flickered ominously in her eyes. " He interpreted the danger-signal aright. If her lips had uttered the words—"Am I not good enough to talk of her, then?" he could not have read her meaning more clearly. With an effort lie. controlled his impulse of wrath. "We've plenty else to talk about, haven't we. and little time Or opportunity?" he added abruptly, striving to force a tone of regret, not too successfully; "but we'll be seeing each other again soon, I dare say. and now we understand each other." He got away as soon as ho could. He could not, would not. lineer till Lilian returned, meet her under Cleo's eyes: Once safely outside the door he fairly ground his teeth with rage, and a look came over hi face that boded ill to the one who called it there. Something stirred now in the long cold-and-dead white ashes of what had at best been a mere flicker of passing pas sion: but that which crept living amongst the dead white dust this day was a lurid flicker ready to leap to red flame of hate, A living lie- as he was, carrying on every dayandhotir a cruel and unscrupulous fraud, he yet -with strange inconsistency felt the bitterest resentment against the woman who forced him to play a part yet more false. For in his heart one thins at least was true—in that weed-clioken field there blossomed one poor little flower of faith. Must even that be tramnled down? The one shrine he hpld sacred bp profaned? He found it all smooth sailing when he came again that evening to Sunnyside. His expressions of regret at having called too late that afternoon, his explanations of his mistake in the hour, were unsuspiciously accepted. He said openly that he had eome in for a few minutes and seen Mjrs. Freeman, and the family had no idea how those few minutes had extended themse 1 ves. Lilian's very innocence made him hate himself all the more for his successful subterfuge, and in his heart resent it the more deeply, and unjustly, upon the woman throuch whom it Vas forced upon him, though, indeed, by no wjll of hers. She had not sought him; she had come to Slayfield ignorant of his presence there. it was not her fault, only that an evil destiny had thrown her across his path! 