Hfing Nations. { How ax Empibe is Affected by the Cli fek MATE. nation only lives a few thousand years. Xiook at the great nations of4000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Peru, Assyria are all dead and hurled. China is only staying alive to save funeral expenses. The next .generations of nations included Borne and Greece, and these are like galvanised ghosts. The third generation, the Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, and Scandina vians, are alive, but have lost their power. From this you will see that the nations in hot countries die, and stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, become great, -fail, lose their out-lying dominions, and yet stay alive. That is because the land does not lapse into jangle like Ceylon and Yucatan, or change Into desert like Assy ria and Egypt, but remains fertile, provid ing plenty of food. Now to «apply these facts. Great Bri tain, the United States, Russia, and Ger many are gaining in population, wealth, and power; but the British' Empire is ex tending more rapidly than any one Of them. Compare her with France, for instance. A couple of centuries ago, when France owned t most of North America, and was founding a vast empire in India, Paris was bigger than London, and was the capital of the civilised world. To-day Paris has 2,500,000 souls, and has taken the place of Paris as metropolis of the world. The British Empire is growing, and it will keep on growing, along the lines of least resistance. At the present rate, the whole land surface of the planet will be ab sorbed by the year 2349 a.d. But as Greater . Britain grows it comes into closer contact with the boundaries of the United States, Bussia, and Germany. Even if we could, / we have no wish to swallow these or any other decently governed countries. The United States, Bussia, Germany, and Japan are playing the same game. The British Empire is nearly as large as the four combined. As England does not wish la conquer the well-governed conn tries the area open to annexation may be diminished hy half. In that case all the world will be properly governed by the year 2012 a.d. / So in 113 years from the present time the British Empire must stop spreading for lack of room on the planet. Even then it will grow in wealth and population, but . meanwhile these little islands are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel the weakness of age, and he no longer able to fight for our possessions; our colonies may cat adrift from us; the conquered coun tries like India may revolt. It all this Bhould happen, as politicians of a pessi mistic temperament are already predicting, it would only be a case of history repeat ing itself. How long will that be? Well, Borne rose in 400 years, as we did, and took a thousand years to decline. Our empire is infinitely greater, stronger,' and more loyal than the Roman. Snppose we say 1500 years before the little England party wins a general elec tion, and little England is a second-class Bower, as she was in the days of Henry =vni.? 