AH EXECUTIONER'S LIFE MISERABLE j Down in the little wine-shop nrar'La • lloquctte, I nut Dciblcr, " Francoi^'f " Monsieur de Paris "—tjike any name you " k B ; a l w a y s " KB ? n , c " i8 " in P r ' vnte ! A chance meeting with one of. th« police " agent" i,n<i had 1...I led i„ l<> n tlic certainty of m eing .1,1 the famous exeeutioirrr, and th f-ibilit.y of bavins an interotw. The latter hope-Tailed at the very onset. He cainc quietly tiito the bar, looking sad-and wearirrt trot, for, six hourB before, he IN. MMM had cut VUL < L-U ff TIIV the IIRNU head \h of.nome >?*UUIG poor.devil down in the pVovinm* it6slibok 1 hands cordially witi. my acquaintance, and,! on his introduction, trusted me With' just W;< friendly a grip. 1 saluted liini-iis SloiiFieur l r iaucoiK,for to mention the liairV of lMblov would he to reveal hip identity in'a quarter of Paris where the inhabitants iroald.annul him j in.the twiHfcli'ngof an eve. . As 1 -siud, the interview failed, Deibler saw that I an lSngliBliinan, pud in .spile ml .the- jnendaj cious Bssiftanccrdf my companion thnt I had nothing to do wiihjournalisin, he drank up bit, glass of light wine, and excused himself on the ground of an appointment. My companion continued: "Ton have only failed where everyone else has failed. You could not get an interview •with that man. In his heart heloathes hifc>nc'cupatio'n, but it would be impoBsibft'for him to change it. Although he has done nothing but carry out the orders of judge and jury, lie is exe- crated as though lie bore the whole responsi bility of the death.' Here Iinterruptcd him, for the face of Monsieur de.Paris, fascinated me. Without, the slightest indication of any force of eliar.Titer.and with eyes that, seemed full of kindness, it. hud struck me as being extraoidiu ai y that, the jicatJy-drcssed man, with a frock,coat buttoned up to, the chin,, and'the carefully' brushed whiskers, could without a shiver we that awful fountain of blood that follows the fall of the knife. I put this to my companion. " You are wrong, and yet right," he said.' ' Dei bier miffcrs terribly when he enters the I prison in the morning, and I have been 41reseutat,oneof these scenes; The Governor reads over to lam the particulars of the crime which the condemned man is called J upon to expiate. Dei bier is as white as a ghost, ami every muscle in his face is twitching! Then a remarkable change cpnics over the iniin. He becomes furiouslvred,*and you might imagine that he was anxious'aiidVvrn glad to play his part in avenging the crime, lie himself bike.: no part in the strapping up of the condemned man, and leaves that tu^iis sons.' He only looks on. When the"ei iminal ig;tilted up he simply regards the krfife, and the instant that it is falling he turi.K away, and disappears mysteriously. Tile, execution alwuys takes place at Ihe iirM, apjiriwh of dawn, and he in far away loug before llie.M.n ib ijp. There am not a store even in the quarter of La Itoquotte wliu know him. 1 1 asked, Bays the sanie writer in " To- " what was Deiblci's life in Paris, and I was assuied that it was a simple hell. He recently took a villa in one of the suburbs under an assumed name, but. his identity leaked out. The whole of the inhabitants in the r-treet threatened to leave unless he changed his address. He subsequent Iy found a houicforhiniselt in a quiet hotel;.but again lie was identified, and his belongi ngu were put down in the hall by the proprietor. To appear in tbe .St. Antoine quarter in Put is would be bhupiy to play for death, nod the quiet, kindly-looking man. whose onlv idea is to kill without any hitch,is little more than an iKhriinel. He drinks onfy the llt;lit;sL wincn, smokes only Ihe inildest tobacco, and, in tlie company of liis friends, b.conies the brightest of conversationalists. " When 1 man-y," said a budding school gill, " I'll marry a tall, fine looking,man." " There s where you're'wrong, sit,' said her more pract ical sister. "You'll have less trouble watching tin ugly man, and enjoy more of Ins company." 