TOM JONES TO HIS FRIEND, PAT MURPHY. Dear Pat—Since I wrote to you last week I have received a host of correspondence from the many friends of progress I have in this paiadise of the working man, which is so soon to be cemented together in the life-giving clasp of federation, don't you know. To prove that the federal spirit is abroad, if proof is needed, I have received a very pressing invitation to attend the open ing of the Coolgardie Exhibition. I am promised lots of excitement and a chance of seeing that great man of the West, Sir John Forrest. My Coolgardie correspondent, Geordie the Dry blower, says a " petition in boots," 20,000 strong, is going to ask for representation on a population basis, one man one vote, and payment of members. He says there is a poor show of getting these {to us old-fashioned) reforms, as they are poor Forrest-ridden devils, and he cannot understand why they are so far back in respect to such just claims. My surprise is that Forrest, who has hobnobbed so often with our great Democrat, Charlie, can still be a political heathen. I have advised Geordie the Dryblower to ask for more. I said to him—" Ask for one adult one vote, payment of members, the Hare-Spenee system of voting, with my pet fad, the referendum, to settle matters." Geordie says that federation must wait until they get more into line with the other colonies, but I expect that he and his. sort cannot stop it because they have no vote. They can only bark ; can't bite. We can do both here, but we are too lazy to open our jaws to do so. I was so pleased to hear Geordie say he was no wage slave, that he worked for himself and kept all the gold he found. Working for himself, free and happy, could work or leave it alone. " But Geordie, my boy, the day will come when you will have to ask the other fellow to let you do a little dryblowing at his terms. See to it early," said I to him. " We in South Australia are cursed with the most likely places within reasonable distance of the centres of population being in the hands of the fatman landlord, who has champions enough in the Assembly to put every sort of obstacle in the way of searching for the stuff that makes the mare go. We need an amendment of the Mining on Private Pro perty Act." It is very encouraging to hear that trades unionism is on the increase out West, and that the certificated enginedrivers have taken the last message of J. A. McPherson for their motto, "Tell the boys to pull to gether." The name of McPherson is respected and honored, and my correspon dent says his life's work ought to keep our boys together at the next election. Will it? Geordie is a reader of The Herald, and is not happy unless he has it every week. He speaks with admiration of the enterprise of the management in publishing the photos of the successful plebiscite candidates. He was glad to see the big Hibernian friend of his, Healy, amongst them ; says that he is a true man and tried like steel, and hopes he will get a seat in parliament. And I hope so, too. I hear he is likely to have a run for the Burra against Ben Rounsevell. There is a big chance for a win in this district, and I have heard there is a desire to have a Labor candidate. The reports about the National Ass. meetings in the district are all fudged. One of the meetings that passed a resolution in favor of getting Big Ben, the rejected of Port Adelaide, to run for the Burra, had two persons at it, and this is but one out of many. I reckon we ought to run a man against every Tory that puts up for any district. This would give the lie to the weak-kneed Liberals who say we want to unseat Liberals. Much could be done to knock out the Tories if the Liberals would only work with our Party. See what a grand chance was lost to get rid of Darling owing to Tom Playford leaving his old district for a " softer thing." I hear that Kirkpatrick is likely to be asked to run for Frome against that cry in the wilderness, Giles. Larry O'Loughlin could settle the matter of selection in his "favor if he liked, but to all appearances the members of the Ministry do not like our Party as they like the putty-made Liberal turtle representative. And it is a question that if Healy were asked to stand for the Burra whether Holder would throw his influence in favor or not. From what I can see going on, the Ministerial wirepullers would rather have a National Ass. man of the stamp of Rounsevell than a honest, straight-out Labor representative. I have watched the moves in the different electoral districts, and I say right out that the Ministerial influence has destroyed our chances of running a member of our Party in Mount Barker, Mount Gambier, and Gumer ■acha Districts, and when the elections are over and our boys returned it will be ■" Thank you for nothing, Charlie." Three seats that could with some tact have been secured to the cause of progress are even now lost. But what can you expect, when some so-called Liberals say that they would rather have Giles than Kirkpatrick for Frome ? Look at the House as it is now or was during the last session—the Opposition, minus of any cohesion or criticising power or will, a mere nothingness; the Government supporters at the beck and call of the Government Whip; and the only body in parliament exercising any functions of true, healthy, watchful interests of the people generally was the Labor Party. If Charlie and his Cabinet get back to the new parliament they want the same plastic material to work on. I fancy I can see our boys, the Labor members, getting a little more wide awake than they were. The game of bluff and bounce is about played out. They will want something more solid to satisfy them in the future than they have in the past. No one knows this better than C.C.K., and hence " Give me the puttyman like I have had several letters from the few true and tried who are left on the Murray village settlements, and from what they state 1 have no reason to take back what I said months ago about the administration of them by the Commissioner of Crown Lands. He is not the man to manage them success fully. He is too much in the hands of others, and is forcing all into one groove. 'Tis a thousand pities that the " right divine to govern wrong" is in the hands of one person, for I don't suppose that any of these small matters such as village settlements are ever brought before Cabinet. The best settlers are satisfied that the crafty, selfish settlers, who all along have worked to get the settlements into their own hands, have the ears of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and the only thing left them is " the liberty to choose one's gaoler" or get off. The study of these settlements make one have a very poor opinion of mankind, and that such democracy' will by its intrinsic merits bring about a change for the better in the conditions under which Labor lives, exists, or starves, is one of those fondly cherished delusions which will not stand the test of experience. I am pleased in a way to think that P. P. Gillen and J. A. McPherson are gone to their reward for their great labor and sacrifice on behalf of these settlements, and that they are spared the heart sorrow they would have suffered if they only saw them now. The settlements teach that the most perfect form of govern ment in the world, with the greatest liberality in the way of support, will not of themselves avail to better the condition of such people. Men, know yourselves. We need reforming ourselves. We, the poor, are full of selfish instincts, and the Murray village settlements have proved it. Now, Pat, in answer to your question re the capitation question and the Labor Party. Let me say that for years you and I have agreed to let this matter be one of those questions about which each could have his o»vn opinion without destroying our personal friendship and chum attachment. Even now I don't wish to stir it up. I read the other day of that clever but eccentric actress Sarah Bernhardt's visit to the crater of one of our volcanic mountains She would go closer than any other woman to the fiery mouth, notwithstanding her guide calling her back. She went so near that the earth was too hot for her feet, and she fancied the crust was about to give way every step she took, but on she went until the fumes and sulphur nearly prostrated her. It was with difficulty she returned, and she said that she would never, no, never do it again. I feel that to say a word on this capitation question is to get very near a religious volcanic eruption, and, like Sarah, endanger myself of being swallowed up in clouds of hot vapour gases mixed with showers of hot ashes, struck with hot fragments of rock, and bathed in streams of fiery liquid lava. All active valcanoes have their times of repose ; this question, I thought, got its repose at the last referendum re Bible reading in State schools, but to my sorrow I see by The Herald that His Graee Arch bishop O'Reily is going strong to make the mountain active again, and, like what happens in the geographical world before another outburst, loud subteiranean noises are heard with explosions to follow. I fancy I hear you say " God save us," and I would to that say " Amen." You ask is this an open question with the Party ? The editor, in a footnote to a letter appearing the other week in The Herald, said " Yes." But I beg to differ from him. I have taken an interest in the Party from its very inception, and I have kept very carefully a copy of each succeeding platform. The first Labor platform had as one of its planks " Free education, secular and com pulsory." It was carried when only a few of our members were in the House, and when the next platform was drawn up this plank was left off because it was the law of the land. But it is as vital a plank of the Party to-day as ever, and on our fighting standard " free education, secular and compulsory," is engraven as one of the victories fought for and won, and I have not heard that it has been ordered to be erased. Is payment of members one of our planks ? Have we it ? Yes. Is it on our platform to-day ? No. Why ? Because we have it; it is one of our laws to pay members of parliament. But because it is not on the platform is payment of members an open question with the Party ? Certainly not; there could hardly be a Labor Party in parliament without payment of members. And the same applies to this question. You cannot have your system of education without it being free, secular, and compul sory. The rank and file of the Party are against {State aid to religion. The Arch bishop, in the interview reported in The Herald, says he is going to wait on the leader of our Party. The leader, Mr. E. L. Batchelor, can have but one answer for him, and that is: he and the Party are against the capitation grant to any sect of the Christian Church. ¥ou asked me for my opinion ; you have it. But remember it is only Tom Jones' opinion, and you and I are still friends. You ask what has caused His Grace to revive the matter now? This is the why (still only my opinion). Can you not see that the Archbishop is acting on the same principle as Parnell and his Irish party in the English Commons — setting political traditions and public opinions at defiance, going for his wants, prepared to play party against party. Afraid of " hurting the Party" never enters into his calculations. He is prepared to make use of any party, be it Labor, Liberal, or National Ass., re gardless of any issues that exist between these parties. He merely looks at them as so many tools to be used lor his ends. The move is a good one from his point of view. When he has massed into a compact and well-disciplined force the adherents of his church, then it is his chance to enter into negotiations with existing parties, and his price is nothing less than £10,000 per year. The tactics of His Grace are different from what they ^ere when he was Bishop of Port Augusta. Then he worked his points differently. He tackled each candidate for parliamentary honors separately, and his success was remarkable. Whilst the people as a whole, by a direct vote by referendum, were and are against the breaking up of our State system of education, yet very nearly every member returned to the "Hupper House" are in favor of a capitation grant, and nearly all the Northern members for the House of Assembly are in favor of the same. One by one they have been got to promise to support it. Even Freddy Holder, Treasurer, member for the Burra, is in favor of it. His support is the price paid for the influence of the Bishop and his priests in returning him for the Burra. C. C. King ston's vote for the capitation grant was got the same way. The Commissioner of Crown Lands and the Chief Secretary would be expected to support it because of their adherence to the church that makes the demand. Not only has the Archbishop a majority in the Cabinet, but by the same tactics he has got members of the Labor Party. Don't you think that the one-by one policy has been a great success 1 And now the question asked by many is, " What is it the Archbishop gains ?" Well, can you not see that he has studied history, and has profited by what he has read. He knows that in the incipient stages of any political question the ballot is of use only as as a means of giving expression to opinions ; that it is the most effective agency to force discussion, ripen the issue, and if possible mark progress. In all other respects the movement may be practically useless—that is after the referendum vote on this question last election day—and that as far as securing any radical change now is only beating the winds. He can hope for no immediate victory, but he knows the value of the indirect use of the ballot to forward agitation and mould public opinion. Have we not seen candidates put up, none of their most enthusiastic supporters ever dreaming that they had a ghost of a chance to get is. They were in the field merely to allow their respective supporters a chance to stand up and be counted, " to throw away their votes for a principle," as some of the tacticians would say. This was done by the freefcrade party at the elections for the Federal Con vention. The hour is getting late, and I am tired ; have a long way to walk to work and back. Send a word in reDlv soon, and let me have your opinion of matters political. I am, yours truly, TOM JONES, Working Man. 