THE ACTIie MANAGER ' MB HIS LEADING LADY, {COMPLETE SHOUT STORY.) w=«i jbx 0 V remombor VEtt ESI Phyllla li'ornloy .- M pM -Mlgnotto oho twi&mr; BUtoUo and un' _r ^CAikZF^Tf&W; known reason ? IX ~-^^MkM ««° d'ed, mot ^C^^/XxWMfAi wM'h nn nor.! 1 S& S I Vpfil dent an therail &~=^ VP ) wny, all tho -^r- '3^- |:Si|-=- worrld heard It, JW I ml) m&n; iier, *-tit did you ovor NY lM \f W- C^ Jiear Portlculiira Ji\ 5\ I fflJaU* of Lhc accldont ? u^sstS^^zls^A V%iii';-. flf No, I thought ^s ?1'x2.^%V3|! !lli, not. Tho Coro »j=^*-— cM^rA^j^^siiJi' xior'a inquest wan n f:trco: nothing oiuno out but tho inout ordinary dctalla. Mlgnotto waa burled In Hartpool Cemotory, and the papers re ported that sho died through mUadvcnturo. !Let mo throw n llttlo liijlit on the sub joct If I «m, and I think I can, for I hap penoii to bo a member of tho 'All night nt Nltfht.' Company, in which Mlsnotto waa playing lead. I hjyl loiis miFjiccted that 'there ivao flomcthing between her and Rcg^lo Arnold, tho Aoting- MrtnnKer, nu Rood a leaking (el low as ever (stepped the earth, find na big a ucoundrel. Mlsnotto fell madly In lovo with Arnold, -aa dozens of other Infatuated, feathor-bnalned Klrlu had dono before nor, and he encouraged her. I knew that ho was o, married man, and 'that nothing could como of it but trouble, but irho did not. and ino poor gin nrnuy i-elloveil tluit ho in tended to marry her. Ho did not reveal his roal position, and Mignotto lived In a fool'a parafllflo. Aftor a w'hllo I saw that ho &ol; tired of bor. Poor Mlgny waa rather a colorleua girl, it must bo admitted, but she wnn a Hood sort, and possibly -would have mado a bright enough llttlo wife. But Arnold wna an old hand, and, an I have nald, he becamo awoary of her, and her JiIbhch, onco owuct enough, grow to bo a poaltlvo nuisance. Moreover, there wnn always thci cbnnco of bis wife turnliif; up, or of tho fact that ho wan married leaking out, und then thero would havo been a row, and Arnold hated rows, especially rows In which women were involved. Ho tried to shako her off, but 8ho stuck to him llko a limpet. Sho really 'liked tho follow, I am sure, but why kIio ?did eo I never could mako out. But then I am u man, and I freely and frankly admit I never had much of a liking for Arnold. As the weeks went on— our tour wiui a lengthy one — I noticed that Arnold began to positively dlsllko her. Ho miubbod her openly, neglected her. and did all In his power 'to break off with her, but, an I havo uald, without nucceaa. Sho was madly, pau Blonately In lovo with tho follow, and who saw nothing but good In him. His conduct annoyed mo, for I liked Mlgnolte, and I couldn't bear to ho her treated llko that. However, It was no affair of uiluo. Womvotc travelling botweeu CotUng'ham and Mlncheator, towards tho. conclusion of 'the tour, and got off tho train, an.' tho Yan kees say, at I'llbrooko Junction to rest and lunch for nn hour, Arnold vaa cxpocllng several telegrams, .and ho mado for the post office 'nt expresu speed. When ho returned to tho railway dining-room I noticed that he looked palo find worried. Ho had several messages In 'his bands. Ono of theso ho screwed up and throw under tho tablo. It was a cadiHiih thing to do, I admit, but I couldn't rcBlftt tho temptation, and when Arnold wont out to see aftor the bnggago I stooped down and picked up the message, unlnvlslcd it, and road It. It was from hln wlfo, and stated 'thnt nho would meet Ar nold at Winchester 'with the children.' Thcro wan a strango look on Arnold's faeo ?when wC'cntored the train, and I noMced that ho took hla seat «t the end of tho ealoon carriage, and protondod to bo im meraed In A papor, 'but l)ij hand trembled, niKl I don't believe ho read a word. . TJ»e saloon communicated with several flriit- clnsa smoking carrlaites provided with n corridor, and It wan to ono ot theso' I mftdo . my way. Tho other men started playing eards, but I felt a little oft-color, and wanted to bo nlo/no. Well,' tho train darted along, night oamo, andpreaently wo wore whirling through tho darkness. Most of tho mombcrn of tho nnmruMiv woro asleen bv ihlii tlmn — wo Iwiil .been tniivolllug pretty woll all day, and woro fooling fagged out— and I, loo, folt drowsy. In fact, I think I should havo fal len asleep had not something happened to kocp mo awake, Tho 'something' was 'l.bo . presonco of Arnold iand fMlirnotto In tho cor ridor. Thoy woro pacing un a-nd down, and talking in low tones. I could only catch n word or two now and «Kaln, but what I hoard gavo mo a vory good ldoa of tho toplo of their conversation. Arnold wan trying to break oft tho mls ftlllanco, niwl Mignotto wnn avrcarlng that -iho wo\ild novor glvo Win up. Then Arnold told hoi'.tha't.ho-wao married. And that ap peared 'to oxclto her nil tho nioro. Bho i vijhwnenUSf tloclareil that sho would kJH. -u-y w.oui)'!in who camo between- nor and lior lover, '|WyJ-'I coidd ueo by 'tho look on 'Ixot facb tlttft.aho meant what nho fculd, 'Thbro'H bo. a royal row when wo got 'to Ml'noliont'or,' I said to myself. 'I'm tiorry for Mm.* Arnold, for Mignotto meana mln ohlef.' ... . Prcsonlly tho voltco died away. 'Thoy'vo roturiuul to tho iialoon,' I nalil, sottllng myiiolf .for my nap. 'I wondor how ,jt will: nil end.' I had ' Bcarcoly cloood my oyoa wbou I fancle.-l I heard a door opon, a muttered exclamation followxid by a scunilng ncAao iind a curious ripping wound, ns of »omo ?thlng tearing, wid then 'tho door wan -ip- 'pniyintly closed and nil wnn rjnlci. When I nay '(julet,' I racnfn tliat. I heard nothing furtlier, for wo woro travollliiK al o»]-rcafj . (ipeed, nn-l tho Jolting and rumbling ot tho train dnadenod mont iiounila. uOJiiothlng Induced mo la got 'ip fl.nd peep out ot my compni'iment, ami ,1 caught wight of Arnold vhsiippenr Ing ln'fo ono of tho flrtit-olana com parlitinntn. t waited iv moment, und then walked down tho corridor and looked into tho naloon. Hvory ono w«n uleeplng, but MlRiiotlu wan' not l-horo, I rotrncod any iitopu and l)ceri)d Into on«)i oouiparl.mcat, ljut thorn wan no ?'Mlgiiofto. Then a lorrlhlo ta&r; rui/lwd throiu;k my brain. I cnlordU tiio compartment wherein. Arnold wan seated. Ho was crouched up In a corner, his cup drawn over hla oyes, and ho waa protondJng to bo asleep, I took him by tho nhouMera and oliook him. 'Whcro's Miss Fornloy 7' I iiskcd. 'Gooa God, mati, how you frightened mo t' ho gasped, alm'Ung up tmd ahaklng llko an aspen. 'I was nslcep. I thought It waa an accident, or something.' 'You wero not asleep,' I replied, 'it'a ft llo. You wero out In tho corridor a mo ment ago; I saw you !' 'Woll, what if I was ? Tho corridor doesn't belong to you, doe-a It 7' 'Whore'fl Miss Fornloy 7' 'Heaven knows. ' » 'And you know, too.' 'Look hero, Markby, what aro you driv ing at ? If you want Miss Fernlay you had bettor go and look for lior. She's probably in tho saloon.' 'She Is not 'thore,' I said, furiously, an noyed at tho man's cool audacity, 'and you know it. fiho is not in tho train.' 'Not in tho train 7' Ho turned as pale as a ghost and sank down In tho scat. 1 rushed to tho communication cord nnd pulled it with all my strength. Tho brakes woro applied at once, and the train slowed down. 'What's tho matter, gentlemen,' said tho guard from tho footboard. 'A lady lias disappeared,' f ejaculated, 'and I am afraid sho must havo fallen from the train.' 'Yes,' exclaimed Arnold, behind me,' 'sho must havo fallen from the train.' Tho body of 'poor Mlgnotte was found at the bottom of a atoep embankment horribly mutilated, and tho verdlt-t ot the twelvo good men and iruo was death through mis adventure. Arnold gavo his ovldenco calmly and coolly, saying that be bad talked with Mig notto a few moments before the tcrrlblo occurrence. Ho said that sho .ipp-eaml .111 and np.set, nn'd that nho complained of her head, and oatd that ot late sho had taken to walking In her sleep. He endeavored to calm and aootho her, and recommended her to get some sleep, and ho Imagined that i.ho hnd gone to tho saloon to do ho. The only conclusion he could como to wna that ahe hntt gone to sleep, and In a trance acciden tally opened a carrlago-door and (alien out side. Nobody asked how It eauu: about that tho carriage-door wna found to be closed when tho train was stopped. Obviously, tho poor woman «ould not have closed It herself. The point did not occur to me until afterwards, and then Arnold was on hla way to Austrnlin. When next I heard of him It was to rend of his death. Somo woman with whom ho had got entangled bad nbot him. It waa a just retribution for the foul crime 'ho com mitted that night, for nothing will ever convlnoo mo that It was not he who corn panned and brought about poor Mlgny'fl sudden and awful death. — 'Thn Pelican.'. 