THE NOVELIST. THE ORANGE GIRL. * By SIK WALTER HESAJST. PART 11. OUT OF THE ERYLNUPAN INTO THE FIRE. CHAPTER XXI. "GUILTY, MY LORD." The days slipped away. Visitors came, gazed, and departed. Our attorney ex horted Jenny every day to consider her decision and to prepare a defence. "Consider, madame," he urged earnestly, "you will stand before a Court already pre possessed, by the knowledge of your his toid, in your favour. There will be no pressure of points against you. It will be shown, nay. it is aJready well known, that you have, by your own unaided efforts, defeated a most odious conspiracy, and made it possible for the conspirators to !>« brought to justice. This fact, further, :i?s;£T!s reasons and motives for the perse cv.tio-.-, iuid malignity of their friends. I .n;u .I'!v!>ar<,d to show that at the time v-' . ? : i; are charged with receiving stolen : . ????-?v you were occupying a fine posi 7.-on: that you were Bolvent, because you v-P-e receiving large sums of money; that >011 were the ist person to be tempted even to reec:vJ stolen goods, especially those of a r. .11 and worthless character. Those who might otherwise be ready to perjure themselves against you will be afraid to speak since this last business. You have this protection brought about by your own action. It will be impossible to prove ;li'it you had any knowledge of the property found on your premises." "All that is true. Yet, dear sir, I can not change my mind." "It is so true that I cannot believe it possible under the circumstances for a jury to convict: you are also, madame, which is a very important feature in the case, possessed of a face and form whose loveli ness alone proclaims your innocence." "Oh, sir, if loveliness had aught to do with justice'! But could I, even then, rely upon that claim?" "Let me instruct counsel. He will brush aside the evidence. Good heavens! What evidence' A woman shears that she saw the property carried into your house during the whole of a certain night. That is quite possible. Certain shop keepers have been found to swear to some of the articles found in your rooms as their own. How do they know? One bale of goods is like another. That kind of evi dence is worth very little. But if the things are theirs how are you to be con nected with them? I shall prove that you lived in a great house with many servants; that it was quite easy to carry things in and out of the house without your know ledge; I shall call your servants, who w<ll conveyance of goods. T will prepare a"3e- s fence for you, in which you will state that you had no knowledge of these things; nor do you when, or by whom, they were brought into the house; you will point to your troop of servants, including footmen, waiters, carvers, cooks, butlers, and women of all kinds; you will ask if a manager of any place of entertainment is to be held responsible for what was brought under his roof-that you were not in want of money, and that if you were the rubbish lying in your garrets would be of no use to you. And so on. There could not possibly be found a better defence." "J know one better still," said Jenny quietly. "Tell me what it is, then." "I have already told you. Once more then. My mother has long been notorious as a receiver of stolen goods. The people used to bring their plunder to the Black Jack by a back entrance; under the house there are stone vaults, and a great deal of property can be stored there. When I understood that we should want the evi dence of my mother I was obliged to offer her a large sum of money as a bribe be fore she would consent. When she found that I would give no more, she accepted my offer, but on conditions. 'Remember,' she said. 'None of us will ever be able to show our faces at the Black Jack any more. We should be murdered for sure, for going against our own people.' " "Well," said Mr. Dewberry, "doubtless she was right. But what were the condi tions?" "They were connected with the stolen poods. The vaults contained a great deal of property which could not be sold at once. If I would suffer her to 6tore that property in my house, she would consent. Sir, at that time, and in order to defeat those villains, I would have consented to anything. It was agreed that my mother and sister should move the things by night after the Black Jack was shut up. * I sup pose the woman watched. So you see, unfortunately, I did consent without think ing." "You did consent-oh!" he groaned. "But, after all, your mother and sister will not give evidence. Where is the evi dence of your consent? Are they out of sight? Good. Let them keep out of sight." "But there is more. Dear sir, you will eay I am very imprudent. When it was arranged for my mother to go away after the trial and lie snug for awhile, she could not bear to think of losing all her property, and so-still without thinking of conse quences-I bought the whole lot." "You bought! Oh! This, indeed, I did not expect. You bought the whole! However, one comfort, no one knows ex cept your mother." And my sister. Now, sir, Doll will not allow my mother to suffer alone. If she is accused of receiving I shall be changed with buying the property." "I wish tne mob bad burned the place." "Nobody wish that more than my self. Now consider. If I plead 'Not Guilty,' and am acquitted, my mother will certainly be arrested-. There will be a t of republishing this work has been by the proprietors of "The Aus hue and cry after her, and I shall then be charged again with buying stolen property, knowing it to be stolen. No, sir, my mina is quite made up. 1 shall plead guilty. If the evidence is only what we know, there will be no further inquiry after the property. So, at least, my mother will be safe." Mr. Dewberry said nothing for a while. "Would your mother," he asked, "do as much for you?" "I dare say she would. We have our virtues, we poor rogues, sometimes." He remonstrated with her; he repeated over and over again his assurance that her defence was as perfect as a defence could be. She could not be examined or cross examined. The evidence of the woman THE MANDOLIN PLAYER, (W. « ' , rnot£) 1 ^VinSn; she was obstinate. point. It was i^Tshall plead guilty," she said. Finally he went away, and left me alone with her. "Jenny," I said, "sometimes I believe you are mad so far as your own interests are concerned." "No, Will-only crafty. Now listen a little. I have one firm, strong, powerful friend-I mean Lord Broekenhurst. If a woman wants a man to remain in love with her, she must keep him off. He knows all about me, he says; he has made up the prettiest tale possible. And he actually believes it." "Made up a tale, Jenny?" "It was a very pretty story that he wrote called the 'Case of Clarinda.' This is a prettier Etory still. It appears that I am the lost and stolen child of noble parents. My birth is stamped upon mv face. Never a (dpsy yet was known to have light hair like mine, and blue eyes like mine. I have been brought up in ignorance of my parent age, by a woman of dishonest character, who stole me in infancy. She made me, against my wish (for a person of my rank naturally loathes employment so menial) an Orange Girl of Drury-lane Theatre. Then I rose above that station by the pos session of parts inherited, and became an actress and the Toast of the Town. The woman clung to her pretended daughter still. Then I left the stage in order to be married. When I found my husband little better than a sordid gambler, I left hiB house, and opened the Assembly-room. The woman, for her own safety, made, un IN NEW AMSTERDAM. Mynheer Van der Jagg.-"I don't-hie-I don't see what we're leaving the tavern (or." Mynkeer Van der Tank.-"Oh I come on I We're going to another tavern." Mynheer Van der Jagg.-"Well, fiat'*-hie-that'* some excuae ("Puck.") known to me, a storehouse of my garrets. That is bis story. But the end is better still. My true nobility of soul, inherited from my unknown illustrious ancestors, prompts me to plead guilty in order to bave this pretended mother. Now, Will " "Iiow does the story help?" "Because it has already got abroad. Be cause it will incline everybody's heart to get me saved." "Yes-but an acquittal iB so easy." ''Will, you can never understand what it means to belong to such a family as mine. Suppose I get my acquittal. Then-after Wurdfl *' "What will follow afterwards?" "Do you think that they will let me re turn to the stage? I must face the revenge of the family-the family of St. Giles. Through toe the Bishop and the Captain have been put in pillory, and are now in prison. They belong to the family-my family, and I have brought them to ruin I myself. One of themselves. Can they forgive me? Nay, Will, I was brought up among them; it is their only point of honour. Can I expect them to forgive me? Never-until-unless She stopped and trembled. "Unless-what?" "Unless I pay for it, as I have made those two rogues pay for it. Unless I pass through the fierv furnace of trial and sen tence, even if it leads me to the condemned cell. After that, Will, I may perhaps look for forgiveness." A man must be a stock or a stone not to be moved by such words as these. "Oh, Jenny!" I said, "you have brought all this upon yourself-for me." "Yes, Will, for you and for yours. I have counted the cost. Your life is worth it all-and more. Don't think I never flinched. No. I had thoughts of letting everything go. Why should I imperil my self-my life-to defeat a villain? It was easr to do nothing. Then one night I saw a ghost-oh! a real ghost. It was Alice, and in her arm6 lay your boy." Jenny rose slowly. The afternoon was turning into early evening; the cell was already in twi light. She rose, and gradually, so great is the power of an actress, that even though my eyes wfere overcast, I saw the narrow cell no longer. There was no Jenny. In her place stood another woman. It was Alice. In the arms of that spirit lay the semblance of a child. And the spirit spoke. It was the voice of Alice. "Woman! she said solemnly, "give me back my huB band. Give the boy the honour of Jus father. Murderess! Thou wouldst kill the father and ruin the son. There shall be no peace, or rest, or quiet for thee to the end. Save him-for thou must. Suffer and endure what follows. Thou shalt suffer, but thou shalt not be destroyed." Alice 6poke; it was as if she came there with intent to say those words. Then she vanished. And with a trembling of great fear, even as Saul trembled when he saw the spirit of Samuel, I saw Jenny standing in the place where Alice had been. She fell into her chair: she burst into tears-the first and the last that ever 1 saw upon her cheek; she covered her face with her hands. I soothed her; I assured her of all that I could say in gratitude infinite; perhaps, J mingled niy tears with hers. "Oh, Will," she cried. "Do not vex yourself over the fate of an orange wench. What does it matter for such a creature as iby6elf?" The Old Bailey never witnessed a greater crowd than that which filled the court to witness the trial of Mistress Jenny Wilmot, charged with receiving stolen goods, know ing them to be stolen. Her assumed name of Madame Vallance was forgotten; her married name of Halliday was forgotten; on everybody's tongue she was Jenny Wil mot, the actress; Jenny Wilmot, the Toast of the Town; Jenny Wilmot, of Drury-lane. They spoke of her beauty, her grace, her vivacity; these were still remembered, in spite of her absence from the stage of nearly two years. Now, two years is a lone time for an actress, unless she is very good indeed, to be remembered. But the "Case of Clarinda" was bv this time known to every club and coffee-house in London; not a city clerk or shopman but had the story pat, with oaths, and sighs, and tears. My Lord Brockenhurst had done his share in changing public opinion, and the later story, that of the noble origin of the stolen girl, was also whispered from mouth to mouth. The court, I say, was crowded. Behind the chairs of the Lord Mayor and Judge, the Aldermen and the Sheriffs, were other chairs filled with great ladies; the public gallery was also filled with ladies who were admitted by tickets issued by sheriffs; the entrances and doorways and the body of the court were filled with gentlemen, actors and actresses mixed with an evil-looking and evil- smelling company from St. Giles's. The witnesses, among whom I failed to observe the revengeful woman, consisted, AN ENTHUSIASTIC BOY. (M. Orowe, Oobden, Photo.) WILLIE RYAN (OF NAROGHID) WALKED TWELVE MILES TO HEAH A DAIRYING LECTURE. (See Next Page.) I was pleased to see, of no more than the two or three shopkeepers who were wait ing to swear to tneir own property. They stood beside the witness-box, wearing the look of determined and pleased revenge common to those who have been robbed. The jury were sworn one after the other, and took their seats. I could not fail to observe that the unrelenting faces with which they had received me, the highway man, were changed into faces of sweet com miseration. If ever jury betrayed by out ward signs a full intention, beforehand, of bringing in a verdict of not guilty, with the addition, if the Judge would allow it, that the lady left the dock without a blemish upon her character, it was that jury- yet a jury composed entirely of persons engaged in trade, who would naturally be severe upon the crime of receiving stolen goods. When the Court was ready to take their places, the prisoner was brought in, and all the people murmured with astonishment, and admiration, and pity, for the prisoner was dressed as for her wedding-day. Sl.e was all in white, without a touch of an - other colour. Her lovely fair hair wre dressed without powder over a hi^i cushion, with white silk ribbons hanging <o her shoulders; her white silk frock, draw n back in front, showed a white satin pet - coat; white silk gloves covered her hanrs and arms; she carried a nosegay of wbi > i'onquils; a necklace of pearls hung rouui ler neck; her belt was of worked silver She took her place in the dock; she di posed her flowers between the spikt , among the sprigs of rue. Her air was calv! and collected, not boastful, sad, as w; : natural; resigned, as was becoming; neitlu r bold nor shrinking; there was no affect - tion of confidence, nor any agitation ,i terror. She was like a aueen-^-she w full of dignity. She seemed to say, "Loc : at me, au of you. Can you believe tLr.s I-1-1-such as I-Jenny Wilmot-con,.i actually stoop to receive a lot of stolen ra ;. and ola petticoats, and bales of stuff worn no more altogether than two or throe guineas? During the whole time of the trial th" eyes of everybody in court, I observer were turned upon the prisoner. Never be fore, I am sure, did a more lovely .prisoner stand in the dock; never was there one whose position was more commiserated: they were all, I verily believe, ready to Ret her free at once: but for the act and deed of the prisoner herself. Her attitude, her face, her dress all proclaimed aloud the words which I have written down above. Everybody had seen her on the stage play ing principally the coquette, the woman of fashion and folly, the hoyden, the affected ?rude-but not a part like this. "Ye gods!" heard a young barrister exclaim. "She looks like an angel; an angel sent down to Newgate!" The strange, new, unexpected look of virginal innocence stamped on the brow of the once daring ana headlong actress startled the people; it went to the heart of everyone; it made everybody pre sent feel that they were assisting at a martyrdom; nay, as if they were them selves, unwillingly, bringing faggots to pile the fire. Before the trial began many an eye was dim, many a cheek was humid. The court entered: the people rose; the counsel bowed to the Bench; the Lord Mayor took his seat; beside him the judge; with him the aldermen and the sherinV; the prisoner also did reverence to the Court like a gentlewoman receiving com pany. One would not have been surprised nad my Lord Mayor stepped down and kissed her on the cheek in city fashion. But neither in her look nor in her actions was there betrayed the least sign of d. gradation, fear, or shame. When a somewhat lengthy indictmen: had been read, she raised Tier head. "Ji Lord, I would first desire to ask for m; name to be amended." "What amendment do you desire?" "I am described as Madame Vallanc . alias Jenny Wilmot, actres6. It is tr; that Jenny Wilmot was my maiden nani'.. and that I assumed the name of Madam Vallance when I left the stage and openf 1 the assembly-rooms. My true name i Jenny Halliday, and I am the wife of Mi Matthew Halliday, son of Sir Peter Halli day, alderman, and partner in the lious=> of Halliday Brothers, West India Wliar; by the steel-yard in the parish of All Ha! lows the Great." The judge, whom nothing could pur prise. answered with the awful eoldrie whicn becomes a judge and'so terrifies prisoner. "There is no dispute concern)!' identity. Plead in your married name, you will." "Then, my Lord, I plead guilty." She had done it, then. With a case - strong; with an assurance of acquittal, s! had pleaded guilty. My heart sank. Y I knew what she would do. The Ix Mayor whispered the judge again. "You are ignorant or law and nroceiN in courts of justice," he said. "I will low you to withdraw that plea. Have >'? no counsel?" "I need none, my Lord. I plead guilty The people all held their breath. Th the "Case of Clarinda" was true after nil "I am anxious," the judge went on,'H you should have a fair trial. Appoint counsel. Advise with him." "I plead guilty," she repeated. The judge threw himself back in his sea "Let the trial proceed," he said. The counsel for the prosecution opci'< the case. It was, he said, a remarkal>" cara, because there seemed no suftioi*''.: reason or temptation for breaking the fav or for receiving stolen property. The n» formation was laid by a woman living >' the purlieus of St. Giles's parish; she va very probably, a person of no character q: all; but character was not wanted in Hi1 case, because her information would 1^' supplemented by the evidence of sever) persons of the highest respectability, w'i" would swear to certain articles as thor own property. The woman, in fact, wonl'i ^depose to the conveyance of stolen gooil to^the house in question; she gave inform-1 tioh the goods were actually found there: tithi other witnesses would claim as their fpm1 many things among the property bo immd. "Gentlemen of the jury," he went on, "thLi is a case of a painful nature, .in® prisoner, who pleads guilty-who> rejecw the clemency-the kindly benevolence-o1 the Court-is a person who, as you know, ?i year or two ago was delighting the town !>v the vivacity of her acting and the rauty of her person; she left the stage, K> world knew not why, or what had be me of her; it now appears that she took ertain house in Soho-square, where she lied on assemblies, masquerades, and nor amusements, still delighting the wn; there is nothing to make one believe it. she was in pecuniary embarrassments: , 4 we now learn that she is actually the ie of a city merchant of great wealth and ; i ulation." Here his neighbour hurriedly '?nte something on a paper, and handed to him. "My learned friend," he said, .recting himself, "informs me that this ??use, until recently in the highest repute, ,s fallen into evil times, and is now bank et. But. gentlemen, whether the prisoner tempted to stave off her husband s bank er) or not, the property which she re vo<i was of so trifling a character that would seem as if she was breaking the , for the 6ake of a few shillings. The ;|is found in her possession were not ,-e which we are accustomed to regard lie booty of robbers; there are no , Is, gold chains, silver cups, lace, silks, ,, .mything at all but things belonging to j ; people, or to people just raised above I u rty. There are women's petticoats, ii , s nightcaps; watches in tortoiseshell knives and forks; small spoons. ? ? .'kerchiefs; stockings, even; wigs, ana :.nth. I expected, I confess, when 1 \- j ( veil this rubbish, to hear a defence on p., jround that such a person in a position sponsible-with friends so numerous, nw:' of them of high rank, could not con . to countenance the mean and Mii.ji l traffic. I confess that I looked for w.ni to this trial as a means of finding out tin' teal criminal who had taken advantage i>t i to the house, and impudently um i i lie rooms in Madame Vallance's pre iw-e- lor their own dishonest purposes. Hi, i expectation must be now disap .'.id; that hope must be abandoned. By ii< i- H\vn repeated confession, the prisoner ha- .."tired the Court that she is guilty. ! iic case," lie went on, "has grown out of i'lie recently heard before this Court. It a i- one in which the present prisoner cm:tec) herself very actively in the cause in a in,in named Halliday, presumably a cuiii,( .i inn of her own by marriage. Halli day was charged with highway robbery. The i videnee was clear and direct. The piM inT before us, however, with great activity and courage, brought together an overwhelming mass of evidence, which pi'MVdl that the charge was a conspiracy <if the blackest and foulest kind. The con >l'ir.i:ci>- are now undergoing their sen tence. )>,y this brave action an innocent life was saved and four villains were sent In pn.-on. I mention the fact because it that the prisoner possesses many imble ipialities, which make it the more itwi vellous that she should be guilty of acts so mean, so paltry, so sordid. The woman wli" will appear before you was the mis tress Di one of these conspirators. Her in formation was doubtless laid as an act of revenue. Yet we cannot weigh motives." Ami so on. It appeared that the evidence was of a merely formal character, and that the wit nesses would not be cross-examined. The lust witness was the woman of whom you know. .She, among other women prisoners in Ivwgate, had been kept from starva tion by Jenny; this fact might have Boft ened her heart; but, unfortunately, the recent sufferings of her lover in pillory re awakened her desire for revenge. She was an eager witness: she wanted to begin at once, and to tell her tale her own way. Ihe mam point now was a statement in vented since her evidence before the magis trate. fche now declared that she herself was engaged by the prisoner to carry the property to the assemblv-roomB. This abominable perjury she stoutly maintained. ? n'imsel for the prosecution questioned tier apparently in order to elicit the facts: in reality, as 1 now believe, in order to make her contradict herself. She was asked where she put the things; why in the pit ret; what servants helped her; who received her; who carried candles for her w iy the prisoner selected her for the job: v.hat share she had in the riots; whether e u ,|S1 ln prison on that account; and so / was a P°or ignorant creature, tist. - for revenge: therefore she main lined -loutlj' that the prisoner had paid her in, moving the goods into her house. u-,,c , : ' '*raccident or design, nothing tl.o iN1, 1 ^"out the Black Jack or about 11 . ?' that establishment. I suppose Prosecution was only anxious to m l , 't !le ,barie ,fact? to which the r'li.oii., had pleaded guilty. her i'v "iner 'n which the witness gave h :"«y the fire m &er; eyes and in \- the dirty, slovenly look of the eesn'r- \'r uncom.^ed hair; her voice; her tri/i.V' j .manifest perjuries and con tln> . ' i aU who looked on; bail" downhis pen and leaned 0f nr," s chair as if what she said was iudm. en}>' the aldermen looked at the to l". :"uc(1 5s tp. how long this was shonl- ""Ueud! ,tke whispered and knot i, ,''ir ,headfi; the ladies present and Cir - 0WB aQd fanned themselves blie end, cred each other angrily. At last wn flaming and vehement "to the evidence had, in fact, ruined the 'by, she had the impudence to allege it the property she nad herself earric. -> the house was received by -Mada: herself, who ordered her footman to f'lii. a to the garrets. -'u' as followed by the Bhopkeepers who h been robbed. They swore to cer Jrttii g i.s of no great value, which had been - . . .-i\ from them. Tneir evidence was ,|i ly given. There was, in fact, no vviueii n-ally implicating the prisoner ex cept 11 ()f tjie woman> There was clearly i-oiiicti Lr 1-ehind; something not ex l'liiiniwhich everybody was whispering in oa< .t her-it had been revealed in the J'?.1"""- paper called "The Case of .1:1,111 And now I understood what cant when she said that her de u'ti'e .,uld bring her mother into the por counsel would have inquired I Mack Jack 6tory, and asked what ins were doing there: how they ie; who was the lanalord; with "tuny ..her particulars, some of which e brought out the truth. As for ii, whether by feminine cunning .. . ? cident, she concealed the relation lip l.t- - - - - - - - into ' (he faille ivoiil the or In- wither by feminine cunning fliin'i !' nt> s'ie concealed the relation ship l, i Vec'n"*^ennJr and the Black Jack; inmireally 6een the sister and the 'Soi.,. ' tarr.ving things to the house in ]\1 'Hi,l:,ri(v ,?^e did not then know that nut i ii V ^ allance was Jenuy; she found the n' ac' r8'v the trial; she then invented mm,! being hired for carrying the All 11,.? .(Cause she knew it was there, fftei i'i , 9°urt knew, however, was the thru, !'i ? 6Uck ,a woman as stood before of m o 118 aiJKel of loveliness; this woman crini,.\\!f0n' actually confessed to the endk-ti recemng the miserable odds and ironi w rags an<i tawdry finery-stolen 't people- amaZing: "That is my case, my Lord," said the counsel with a sigh, as if he was ashamed of having conducted it at all. '"Prisoner at the bar," said the judge, "you have heard the verdict of the jury. You may now say anything you wish in ex planation or extenuation." "What can I have to say, my Lord," she replied simply, but with dignity, "since I pleaded guilty? Nevertheless 1 have to thank the counsel for the prosecution, who almost proved my pleading impossible." The judge summed up in a few words. The verdict of the jury included a recom mendation to mercy. The judge assumed the black cap; he pronounced sentence of death; the ordinary appeared in his robes and prayed that the Lord would have mercy on her soul; the warder tied the usual slip of string about the prisoner's thumb to snow what hanging POPULAR COMMANDERS : CAPTAIN W. M. HIPGRAVE. meant. The only person unaffected by the sentence was the prisoner herself. Never be fore had she acted so finely; never before, indeed, had Jenny been called upon to play such a part. She stood with clasped hands gazing into the face of the judge, not with defiance, not with wonder; not with resent ment; but with a meek acceptance. The women in the court, the great ladies behind the lord mayor, wept and sobbed without restraint; even the younger members of the outer bar were affected to unmanly humidity of the eyes. Now when the verdict of the jury was pronounced, and before the sentence of the judge, Jenny did a strange thing, which moved the people almost more than the words of the sentence. She took up a small roll which lay before her. It was a black lace veil. She threw this over her head: it fell down upon her shoulders nearly to ner waist. She held it up while the judge was speaking; when he finished she dropped it over her face. So with the veil of death falling over her spotless robes of innocence shestepped down from the dock, and followed the men in blue back to the prison. "Ye Gods!" cried one of the barristers, "she is nothing less than the Virgin Martyr!" Indeed she neemed nothing less than one of the Christian martyrs, the confessors faith ful to the end, whom DO tortures and no punishment could turn aside from the path of martyrdom. I hurried round to the prison. "Ah, sir," sighed a turnkey, "she must now go to the condemned cell. Pity! Pity!" Tney were all her friend" -every one of these officers, hardened by ira of daily contact with the A LOCOMOTIVE BLOWN UP. (k M'Gowan, Zeehai1, Photo.) A terrific boiler explosion occurred at Zeehan on May 23, when the boiler o! the N ortb-East Dundaa taim line locomotive,which was about to start on its usual journey, exploded. The locomotive was wrecked, and David Bedelpn, engmedriver, and Thomas Marra, stoker, were killed. The explosion happened while the engine and train were parsing from Zeehan main station to North East Dundas siding. The boiler, welching 6 tons 4cwt., was hurled 100ft. into the air, and traversed a distance of 200 yards, plunging into the ground twice and rising again before it finally lodged on top of a high bank. The locomotive was new, and both men in charge were experienced and trustworthy. The board appointed to inquire into the explosion reported No fault in boiler, and no carelcsnev or neglect discoverable; explosion probably aue to outside causes." scum of the people. "But they won't hang her. They can't." "And all for her mother," said another. "I remember old Sal of the Black Jack, also her sister Dolly. All to save that fat old carrion carcase. Well, well. You can go in, sir." Jenny was standing by the table. She greeted me with a saa smile. "It is all over at last," she said. "It is harder to play a part on a real stage than in a theatre. Did 1 play well, Will? "iou left a house in tears, Jenny. Oh!" I cried impatiently. "Is that what you wanted ?" "Yes, I am quite satisfied." I really was afraid at one time that the counsel would throw up the case because his leading wit ness was so gross and impudent a liar. Didst ever hear n woman perjure herself so roundly and BO often? What next?" "Yes, Jenny. What next?" "I don't know, Will. The assembly-rooms which are taken in my name are seized, I hear, by my husband's creditors. But all the iurniture and fittings have been de stroyed already. That is done with, then. Am I to begin again in order to have every thing seized again?" She talked as if her immediate enlargement was certain. I could not have tne heart to whisper dis couragement. "There is still the stage, Jenny. The world will welcome you back again." "Do you think so? 'The Orange Girl' they could eU.nd; it pleased the pit to remember how they used to buy nay oranges. But the woman who has come out of a con demned cell? The woman who pleaded guilty to receiving stolen goods? 1 doubt it will." "What does that matter? Everybody knows why you pleaded guilty. You are Clarinda." "An audience at a theatre, Will, some times shows neither pity nor consideration for an actress. They say what they like; they shout what they like; they insult her as they please-an actress is fair game; to make an actress run off the stage in a flood of tears is what they delight in. They would be pleased to ask what I have done with the stolen goods." "What will you do then, Jenny?" There came along, at this point, another visitor. It was none other tnan the coun sel for the prosecution. He stood at the door of the cell, but, seeing me, he hesi tated. "Come in, sir," said Jenny. "You wish to speak to me. Speak. This gentleman, my husband's first cousin, can hear all that you have to ask or I to reply." "Madame," he bowed as to a countess. "This is a wretched place for you. I trust, however, that it will not be for long. The recommendation of the jury will certainly have weight; the judge is benevolently dis posed ; you have many friends." "1 hope, sir, that I have some friends who will not believe that I have bought a parcel of stolen petticoats?" "Your friends will stand by you; of that I am certain. Madame, I venture here to ask you, if I may do so without the charge of impertinent curiosity-believe me-I am not so actuated " "Surely, sir. Ask what you will." "I would ask you then why you pleaded guilty. The case was certain from the out set to break down. I might have pressed <he witness as to the property itself, but I refrained because her perjuries were mani fest. Why, then, maaame-if I may ask why?" "Perhaps I had learned that certain things had been sent to my garrets, but I paid no thought to any risk or danger " "That might have been pleaded. "The case being over, that property can bring no other person into trouble, I be lieve?" "I should think not. The case is ended." "Then, sir, I pray you to consider this question. If some person very closely con nected with yourself wtre actually guilty of this crime; if you yourself were charged with it; if your acquittal would lead to that person's conviction, what would you do?" '"That is what they whisper," he replied. "Madame, 1 hope that such a choice may never be made to me. Is this true-what you suggest-what people whisper?" "Many things are whispered concerning me," said Jenny proudly. "I do not heed those whispers. Well, sir, such a choice has been presented to me. It is part of the SYDNEY DIVINES : REV. W. G. TAYLOR. (Talma, Photo.) The Rev. William George Taylor was born at Knayton, Yorkshire, England, in 1845, and received a business training in the office of Mr. J. Whit well, President of the Eng lish Peace Society. He studied for the ministry at Richmond College, London, and was appointed to Australia in 1870. He spent eight years ill Queensland (Brisbane, Warwick, and Toowoomba), then in 1879 came to Manning River, N.S.W., and in 1882, to Sydney; and has resided here since then, with exception of three years in Bathurst. He is founder of the "Central Methodist Mission," whose head-quarters are at the Centenary-hall. Mr. Taylor founded the "Seamen's Mission" in 1886, "Evangelists' Training Home," in 1890; "Central Mission Sisterhood," in 1891-the first Protestant sisterhood established in Aus tralia, The Sunday evening congregation of the mission is the largest in Sydney, viz., from 2,000 to 3,000.. In 1893 Mr. Taylor was appointed official representative of the New South Wales Conference to the British Conference, and to the churches of America and Canada. He was away for two years. He was elected president of the N.S.W. Wesleyan Conference in 1880, and chairman of the Bathurst district, 1885-6-7. penalty of my birth that such a choice could be possible." 'Then it is true?" he insisted; "the 'Case of Clarinda' i6 true?" "Sir, it is true in many points. I was once an Orange Girl of Drurv-lane. My people were residents of St. Giles's in the Fields. 1 was brought up in the courts and lanes of that quarter. You, sir, are a lawyer. Need I explain further the nature of that choice?" "Madame," said the lawyer, "I think you are the best woman in the world, as you are the loveliest." So saying he lifted ner hand to his lips, bowing low; and left us. "Well," saia Jenny, "I think I have done pretty well for 1117 mother and for Doll. Their slate is clean again. They can b«gin fair. Receiving has been her principal trade so long that she is not likely to be satisfied with drawing beer. But the past is wiped out. And as for myself " She sighed. "What next? Matthew is where the wicktd can no longer trouble. Merridew, poor wretch! has also ceased from troubling. My friends of St. Giles's will be satisfied because I have now done what I told you I should do, and gone through the fiery fur nace. Why," she looked around the bare and narrow walls. "I believe I am in it still. But the flames no not burn, nor does the hot air scorch-believe me, dear Will - oh! believe me-I would do it ail again-all again -I regret .nothing-Will, nothing. Assure Alice that I would do it all again-exactly as I have done." With a full heart I left her. What next? What next? 