DYNAMITE OUTRAGE. The Centropolitan Bank in New York City a Mass of Ruins. ' THE BANKER'S RESIDENCE ALMOST DEMOLISHED. PAUL GROSVENOR A PROBABLE ? VICTIM. Was It Robbery Or Vengeance ? CHAPTER XI. a criminal's trick. The instant that Leonard Gervaise read the headlines of the telegraphed news from New York he was convinced that the reported outrage was only another ruse porpertrated by Paul Gros.venor himself. It camo to him almost like an inspiration that the man had blown up his own bank and that he had man aged in some way to convey the impression that ho himself had perished in tho accident. Ho recalled tho conversation held in his own | office with that prince of villians ; he remem bered the easy insolence of the man, his as surance which amounted almost to defiance, and he at once came to the conclusion that tho man of many names had already prepared himself for any emergency that might arise, and that his plans had been precipitated by the disclosures that the detective made that day. 'A man who had tho temerity to have himself hanged at Newgate, who possessed the brains, the will and the ability to succeed in passing another off for himself, and to do it so expertly that that other could not provo his own identity, certainly would not hesitate to make the world believe that he had been blown up by dynamite if by doing so he could accomplish a desired purpose,' ho mused while he read the printed matter below tho headlines. ' Perhaps Miriam was right and I did spring tho Prince Charlio business on him a little too soon, after all.' While reading he watched narrowly the eountenanco of his companion, who had pur chased another paper and was also busily perusing the article. Mr. Price either possessed abundant self control, or else he was not greatly shocked by the catastrophe, for he read the article as calmly as though ho had never heard of tho man to whom it referred. Loonard believed also that he could detect tho ghost of a smile lurking around tho corners of his mouth as no read, as though ho had anticipated an accident of the kind and was not greatly astonished when it came. Doubtless he was posted. In all probability Grosvenor had warned him not to be upset if somo time lie should hear of the blowing up of tho bank, and that tho banker had lost his life in the explosion. 'You seem to take tho death of your em ployer coolly enough, Price,' ho soid at last. ' Why not ? There was no particular love between us. And, besides, this doesn't say for sure that ho is dead.' -i No — no ; but it does say that he was known to havo gono into the bank a short time boforo the explosion took place, and that they have found tho fragments of a body dressed in his clothes, wearing his watch, etc., etc., etc. That seems to me to bo pretty direct.' 'Soitdoes; soitdoes. Probably he is dead; and if he is, I shan't shed any tears.' ' You would rather-serve the daughter than the father, I take it.' ' Infinitely.' 'Eh?' 'You bet ! Tho farm will go to her, won't it?' . ' I suppose so. He may havo willed it to yon, though, you are so fond of him.' Price laughed aloud. ' No danger of that,' he added. Leonard was convincod that for some reason the news of the explosion was very agreeable to tho manager, although he did not think that tho pleasure was due to the supposition that the banker was dead. ' Didn't you say that the daughter is on this train ?' ho asked presently. In fact, it was her trunk that I had in my possession, was it not ?' ' That's right. By Jove ! I wonder if she has read the paper.' ' Probably.' ' I hadn't thought of it. What had I bet tor do r' ' I should advise you to go through the train and find her. It is not pleasant news for a daughter to encounter when she is travelling away from homo.' 'That's right. I believe I will look her up. See you later.' He arose' from his seat and left the 'car, just as the train was rolling out of Brattleboro, and Leonard arose also, saying as he did so : ' I'll follow along. Perhaps if yon get into trouble I can be of some service.' In truth, the detective was curious to know if Miriam had read the paper, and if she had dono so, what effect the news had produced upon her. He doubted if she would remem ber him from the preceding night, and he did not mncli care whether she would or not, and so he entered tho sleeping-car directly behind his late companion. It so happened that Miriam -was the only passenger left in the car, and Leonard dropped into a seat at the end of the aisle where he could see and hear all that took place between the two. She was reading a book, and looked up with surpise when Price addressed her. _ , ' Good morning, Mr. Price,' she said coldly. ' I did not expet to see you before I arrived at Chester.' 'I had to go down to Springfield, Miss Grosvenor. I expected you on this train, and so I made my arrangements to take it. That's how I'm here.' ; ' Very well ; I 'will see you at Chester. There is nothing that I care to say to you now; I believe.' { ' You have not read the morning papers, have you, Miss Grosvenor ?' ^ 'No, I have not read the morning papers, Mr. Price.'. ? ' Well, if you should read them don't ' get scared.' ' Thank you ; I will try not to be frightened.' ' I received a telegram from your father this morning in Springfield. He's all right.' ' What are you talking about, Mr. Price ? You had better tell me at once, for I jam interested in this book and would like to ire turn to it.' ; 'There's a report in the morning paper that your father's bank has been blown up by dynamite and that he was killed, but I got a telegram from him saying that he is i all right. I was afraid that you would be — ' — ' ' Is that all, Mr. Price ?' ' ' Yes, that's all.' ) 'Thank you. You will excuse mo now, until we got to Chester. You might leave tho paper here for me to read.' ' Shall I take your trunk check ?' 'Yes. Yon might go through and see if it is ray trunk. You know it better than I; do, I think. There was some difficulty about; the check.' ' ; She calmly passed the check to him, picked up hor book, and, utterly ignoring his remark that he would be on hand in Bellows' Falls and Chester, returned to the story that, she had been reading. ' When price turned to leave the car ho wan so enraged that he did not see Leonard at all. The detective had watched the scene narrowly and had learned a great deal from it, . for tho eagerness of tho manager and tho coldness, al most insolence, of Miriam toward him was a revelation of unthought-of complications to Leonard Gervaise. ' But as soon as the manager had gone tho detective passed through the car and paused beside the young lady. ' May I venture to say good moraine; ?' ho inquired. She raised her eyes with a haughty gesture, but instantly recognized him. 'You are tho gentleman who refused to occupy his berth last night, aro you not ?' sho asked. ' Yes,' ho replied. ' It was my intention to leavo the train at Springfield, but on arriving at the hotel I found that I was possessed of a trunk that did not belong to mo and I was forced to continue my journey by this train. I havo just learned that the trunk was yours, and that you had the check for mine. I havo mado another discovery also, Miss Grosvonor. You soe, I know your name.' ' Yes. What is tho new discovery,1 if I may venture to ask.' 'Wo aro bound for tho same destination ? your father's farm.' ' Indeed ! Then I shall probably havo the pleasuro of making yonr acquaintance there,' Sho raised tho book again as a sign of dis missal, but Loonard chose not to see it. ' I must ask you to pardon my persistence,' ho said, 'but I feel the necessity of making myself known to you.' '' Indeed ? Why ?' ' While my errand is ostensibly for the purpose of purchasing horses, it is really to remind yon of an interview you had yesterday with a certain General, who, after it was finished, conducted you from his ollico by way of a spiral staircase. It was impossiblo for him to. como himself, so lie sent mo.' Not an expression of her face changed in tho slightest degreo. Sho gazed at Leonard intently for a momont, and then said coolly 'Thank you. I think I now understand the mystery of tho baggago chocks.' And again she raised tho book before her eyes. (To la continued .) 