A ROMANCE OF THE GLASGOW BANK FAILURE. —“Dundee Advertiser.” Like a ghost that refuses to be laid the City of Glasgow Bank still stalks through the land, and clanks its chains within the precincts of the Law Courts. It is now known under the name of the Assets Company, which was formed shortly after the collapse of the bank to take over the outstanding assets of the concern. By the settlement on Wed- nesday for £17,000 of its action against the representatives of the late Mr. Tosh, a farmer near Crail, it has obtained an- other windfall. The circumstances of the case are somewhat curious, and are calculated to make those compounding debtors to the bank who still survive feel ill at ease. At the time of the bank’s failure Mr. Tosh held £4OO of stock in the concern, and was therefore liable in about 24 times that amount, or £9500, to satisfy the creditors. Ruin stared him in the face, and on the plea that his holding in the bank represented all his savings he was discharged by the liquidator. He paid, however, £l7OO, being the value of his farm and stock, &c.; About three years ago he died a bachelor, and left a considerable fortune, amounting, so far as we can recollect, to £20,000. The argus eye of the Assets Company was immediatly fixed upon this nest egg, and they very naturally set about to find out how a farmer in Fife had acquired it since 1878, at which time he professed to be ruined. Investiga- tion revealed the fact that at the very time of bank’s collapse he held stocks and shares of considerable amount in various public companies. An action was at once raised to have the discharge by the liquidator reduced on the ground that it had been granted on the under- standing that deceased had no further investments of any other sort where- with to pay his share of the general de- ficiency. The action has dragged its slow length along for almost three years, and reduction of the discharge was granted by the court several months ago, and an account of the estate ordered to be lodged. The large sum of £17,000, which has now been paid to settle the case, does not in reality represent the whole amount which the Assets Company sued for, as interest has to be added to the capital sum for 20 years. 