A Carious Ghost. M. A.P tells a queer story of a peculiar kind of ghost which is alleged to be haunting the room of Mr. Milman, the assistant clerk of the House of Commons, who, with his wife aud family, has charming rooms just off the Speaker's Court. Not once or twice, but several times, and in broad, daylight too, the exact counterpart of Mrs. Milman has been seen to pass up and down a corridor, in and out the rooms — and always in tbe ab sence of the lady herself Servants have seen it eeverai times, ana so nave otner people. Here is a queer thing tbat occurred quite recently. On returning from a drive one afternoon Mrs. Milman saw a frien3 in front of her, in the passage or hallway. The friend who was proceeding in the same direc tion as herself, passed into one of the rooms opening on to the corridor, and was heard to say, apparently to some one in front of him, ' Good afternoon, Mrs. Milman !' at tbe same time closing the door behind him. Mrs. Milmitn opened it and vent in — only to find her friend utterly bewilded. He declared he bad seen her go into the room in front ' of him, and cow she had opened the door and came in behind him. It was incompben-' sible. 1 We might as well consider our engage ment as broken, Reginald.' ' I don't see why. Your father said post poned.' ' Postponed until you arrived at years of discration ; and, in your oase, Beggy, dear, you know what that means.' Browne: I'd join the church if it wasn't so full of hypocrites. Towne : That needn't deter you. There's only room for one more. Hogan : I've known McGinnis for forty five years. Grogan : An' sure, so have I.' Hogan : Ab, git out wid ye, he's no ninety years old at all. Our misfortunes are like convex mirrors — they broaden our views and afford infinite amusement to the onlookers. Smith: Some (people set aside a time for (everything). Jones : But more people set aside everything for a time, Harry : Boo boo 1 boo boo 1 Freddy Jones keeps hitting me. Nurse : An' why don't you bit him baok 1 Harry : I did bit him uro, ana n aiaa t uo huj guuu, 1 Did you find it expensive at the seaside f 1 Awfully I even tbe tide was high.' The word 'its' only ooours in tbe whole Bible once. 