BREVITIES. j Fbom the latest English files to hand we take tho -following interesting items - 't. The ex-Empress Eugenie has been cele brating her 73rd birthday. M'Gill University, Montreal, hns con ferred the degree of LL D. upon Mr. Kip ling. Mr. Carnegie, the Scottish- American iron and steel king, is retiring from business. His wealth, estimated ^.t £40,000,000, will, it is said, be mainly devoted to philanthropy. He has already expended about £12,000,000 for the good of humanity. 1 ' Admiral Dewey sent a cheque for £2 towards a certain fund. The cheque' auicklv. found a Duvchaaer for £80. The Queen's new yacht Victoria and Albert, which is built of steel and copper, will replace the Royal yacht launched in 1885\. She has a length of 380 feet, -arid has a displacement of 4.700 'inns, with engines of 11.000 horse power. AH tho wood used in the vessel's construction is by chemical process rendered uninflammable. Mr. Rider Hasgard, in a paper read be fore tho Norfolk Chamber of Agriculture, said the real cause of the agricultural exodus was that the land could not pay a sufficient wage. He thought tbat within the next few years a great deal of the poorer soil would go out of cultivation, while such land as remained would be cultivated by machin ery. He imagined that England would be spotted in the future with large cities, sur rounded by market gardens, and beyond these great stretches of ' veldt. At the Lincolnshire hiring fair in Spalding there was a remarkable dearth of domestic servants and farm hands. Although higher wages were offered than perhaps ever before, the supply far from equalled the demand. It was explained by the manner in which young people drift towards the large towns. A pair of robins have built their nest in a letter-box on a garden gate «t Windsor. The hen sits on the eggs with the letters falling about her. Two pairs of wood-pigeons bare 4-uilt .their nests in the City. A long wooden box. which has been con signed by rail from Middlesbrough to Lon don as 'theatrical property,' on being opened at King's-cross station was found to contain a coffin. It transpired that the body of an actor, who dhd on tour, had thus been transferred to his wife and family, in order to save expense. The cost of the carriage of the case was 16s„ whereas the removal of the body over the Bame distance would have been £11. A married wbman, nearly 70 years old, who had been blind for 30 years, underwent an operation in Leeds infirmary, \yhioh has completely restored her .eight. She has buried two sons without ever seeing them. An Italian physician has invented a new cure for consumption^ which is based on inhalation of tbe gas produced by a power ful antiseptic called formalins. He claims to have cured several consumptives. For malina has for some time been regarded as fatal to the bacillus of consumption, but hitherto no means have been found ' of administering it without killing the patient. During an excavation at Beachy Head 2000 valuable Roman coins were acciden tally discovered. A domestic, who had been suffering from influenza, during a fit of insanity, left her bedroom window in her nightdress and clambered on to the roof of a five-story house in West London. An awe-stricken crowd assembled in the street, and upon these she coolly gazed,' standing upon the very edge of the parapet. Policemen and firemen were summoned, and after much persuasion the girl was enticed within reach and secured. A manufacturer was sentenced at the Old . Bailey to six months' imprisonment for endeavouring to bribe a receiver from the Metropolitan Police to pass helmets of an inferior quality. A well- dressed woman has been sentenced to a month's imprisonment for riding bv train from Northampton to Peterborough without having paid her fare. She had previously been convicted between 00 and 70 times for the same offence. Her usual practice was to travel under the carriage seat. A gipsy waeeominited for trial at Bourne mouth charged with fraudulently obtaining money. It was said that she had sold rat and beetle ' poison' which not only did not kill, but which the rats actually enjoyed and the beetle fattened on. Tbe Probate Court presumed the death of Major Baiter, who was one of the victims of the Stella disaster. The Major was accompanied by his daughter, and as the vessel was settling down he called nut to somebody on a boat, which was being put off, to make room for bis daughter. One gentleman nobly gave up his place to the voung lady and stepped back on to the ship. In a few minutes tho vessel went down, the father and the unknown gentle man perishing together. A wife in America who has begun nn action for divorce frojn her husband claims that the ghost of her husband's fit;st wife infests the house and makes her miserable. The Southend lifeboatmen in the.City of London Court claimed £300 for salvage services in saving a barge in a storm and rescuing the three men on board. The de fence was that the vessel was not in any real danger, and that £40 paid into court would recompense tbe lifeboatmen. The Judge, in awarding the plaintiffs £80, said that when lifeboatmen saved life with one of the Society's boats, however meritorious the service, no claim tlould be made. An Indian reservation in Colorado was thrown open to seders at an appointed hour, end 15,000 immigrants made a rush to secure land. For weeks previously settlers eamped along the border. At the sound of a bugle men started on tbeir inad race on horseback, leaving their wives and families to come on by waggons. The Indians had been compensated for the loss of their property. , It js stated that the Soudan will be thrown open to traders and others without restriction as Boon asthe railway to Khar toum is finished, which will be about the middle of September next.1 Europeans will be free to acquire land, and a Government land registry will be established. A tax of ?20 per cent will be charged by the Govern ment on gums, ivory, and feathers, the products of the country. ? 