A TOMB OF ICE. ELL, rm blent if the weather ain't a-having • high old Lime of it. It's been snowing allday and bio wed i ain't a-coroine down aa thick M ever." " It hu snowed a bit to-day, eardlntly, bnt I don't think fb snows now as much as ft did when I was a boy." " Ah, that is your idea, Daddy," said the first speaker, a big, burly, bluff, weatherbeaten waterman, who was at the moment engaged in staring out of the windows of the tap-room of the old Weterman's Arms, situated at the side o£ the Surrey Canal, Peckham. The hour of ten had just chimed out from the old-fashioned Dutch clock that from time immemorial had stood in the passage of the old inn, just without the tup-room door. It was a wild winter's nieht, the la?t day of January, and the wind and enow had all the long day been contending for the mastery. Screaming and howling round the E able » of the old inn, the wintry blast, as it roared and raved without, led the few occupants of the cosy tap room to draw yet nearer to the bright biasing fire, the flanieB of which hissed and spluttered occasionally as a few flukes of snow descended down the oldfashioned, wide- mouthed chimney. " Anyone seed that Edwards, to-day I " said l he waterman. " I arnt seed him, Blake, an* as I've been in an' out ail day, should say as he ain't been anigh, nor likely to, now, I'm thinking," ejaculated theold toper who had been addressed as Daddy, and who had expressed his conviction that snow in that year of grace, 1850, was not the same as it used to be when be was a"boy. " Well, if he comes at> all, this isjuat about his time,"said the man,Blake, a regular frequenter of the inn. " Hope he do come ; he's a rare chap, he is, for a chat," exclaimed a little fat, podgy man, with a very red nose and a greasy kind of complexion. The latter, no doubt, being derived from the fact of his constantly handling fat pork, for Nicoderaus Potkins was the owner of a pork shop round the corner. " Ah ! Nickey, if ye're fond of a chat you should just have an hour with my old ooman," ejaculated a tall,thin, muffin-faced old fellow, as he knocked the ashes ont of his pipe " Chat with your old woman ! Heaven save me from such an infliction I" exclaimed the pork butcher, whose fat sides seemed to quiver at the rare idea. " Well, for a good yarn, and sunimal to amuee yer over yer booze, there's ne'er a one to beat JACIC Hinkry," enid tho waterman. "Quite right," said the muffin-foced m*n. "I coincides, 1 do," ejaculated Mickey, the porkman. "An' so saye all nn us,"ciied out a wiz-nfaced old man in the corner. "Hallo! Daddy,thought you w nslee|-! " said Blake, the waterman. "All ! well, you see 1 ain't. f-nw, how it do blow I Still snowing, is it, Jnniny ! " *' Jest a-coming down like a blessed awalanch," re»Uud the waterman, us lie peered out from the snow- covered window into the darkness of the night " It was just such a night as this thirty years ago, as a poor gnl i knowed w*t> murdered -cut up in pieces, and carried, by her murderer, away in a carpet-bng," said old Daddy, who now looked round with a rather important, consequential nir, as much as to intimate : " You see, I know something you don't." "Wood gracious I Daddy, you have never toll us anything of this before," said the muffin-faced man, who was a barber in a small way generally practising upon the faces of all the customers of the Waterman's Arms. " Certainly, Jerry Jones is rightj you've never mentioned this before, Daddy." " Well, I tells yer now." " Why particularly now, old man ! " ." 'Cos it's a snowing. It snowed the night that poor gal was cut up, an' its a-snowing now." " There ain't snttintly, no mistake about that," said Blake, who now, with the rest of the little cotario (tared round as a tall stranger in a overcoat that reached down to hie heels, and with a fur cap on his bead, appeared at the threshold of the door., shaking himself like a dog just emerged jfrom the water, and causing thereby a perfect little snowstorm on hit own account. "Well, this b a night," said the stranger who, after hie shake-down, strode forward to tbe fire, unceremoniously seising npoo the best seat, and gulping down at a draught a glassful of bpt ram handed to him bf the potman, "Too may ss wdl get that filled up again," he then ejaculated; " it will keep MttheeeU." *• Ah i it it a oold night, too," said the barber. " Coldest night we've Jiad this winter," echoed Nickey, the porkman. " I should think it is," ejaculated Jemmy Blake, who was eying longingly the second go of hot rum brought in for the stranger. The latter, with a smile, looking round, exclaiming t "Well, yes, it is cold, gentleman ; you've laid so. I've said so, and we've all eaid so ; hat still I remember a night much colder than this. Why, this is—ah ! ah I-July In comparison. Why I remember on that particular, night when I got home, 1 lit a candle before I got: in to bed, jumped between the blankets, tried to blow out tbe candle, couldn't do it,'flame frozen, had to break it off,and before I could drink up my rum -1 always drink rum—(there was a wink here among the ksbmpany), as I was faying, before I could drink up my-rum It froze in the glass," " Hood gracious I " " Well, Inever I " , " Never heard of such a thing (" Such were the ejaculations of the company, whose abasement and demonstrations of incredulity ^ vanisTied as the loquacious Stranger startled them there and then by •rdering drinks all round. " Deuced nit " Jolly chap A perfeot " I should Thews exd , from ope to t by the new et twwd. hiepers.paseed 'ij spirits ordered uft antiy handed After the thanks and commotion arising from thin evuit had somewhat sub-ided, the stranger, who had filled and ju.«t lightud a liiifre pipe, the bowl of which muft. have hold half-an-nunce of tobacco,ekclaimod : "if you'll give me your attention fora qnarter-of-an-liour, gentlemen, I'll toll you . about that particularly cold night I was j referring to just now." j Receiving from all sides an assurance of earnest thanks, pleasure, and so forth, from the company who were imhibing at his expense, ths stranger continued : '* It was just such a night as this, snowing as it does now, and the wind howling as it does now. How the wind does howl to be sure." At this moment, to the surprise of his auditory, starting suddenly to his feet, the stranger darted to the door of the room and disappeared. " What a go ! " eaid Blake, ruefully eyeing his empty glass. "Has he left the house, Ben T " anxiously enquired the porkman, ns the potman at that moment entered the room. " He's gone, yes ; and it's snowing worse than ever," was the reply. " Well, I'm blowed 1 it's a funny affair. 1 wish' Nat Edwards, the tec, had been here," ejaculated Blake. Conversing about tbe inexplicable conduct of the late guest, the little party in tbe tap-room were all now startled and alarmed by a cry in a woman's voice without, A loud, piercing shout for help, followed by a shrill scream that rose high above the howling, wintry blast. " Help ! help ! murder 1" Hollowly and weirdly the terrible cry sounded in the ears of that alarmed group in the tap-room of the Waterman's Arms. The wind howled on, rumbling in the chimney and roaring round the gables of the old inn ; but the shrieks came no more. With blanched facos the guests scared one at another ; the waterman uttering a cry of delight as a tall, herculean man ab that moment hurriedly made his way into the apartment. " Hullo ! What is all bhis, Jim Blake ? You all look as though you bad seen a ghost I" " We've seen a queer customer. Nab Edwards, and [ think there's murder or something going on out in the fields." " The deuce 1 I've only just arrived. Fancied I heard a cry for help just now, I'll see into this 1" " I'll go with you, sergeant," ejaculated the waterman, following the officer of police as he turned away at once, fearlessly again braving the wintry tempest. Blake now, as he pressed on by the side of his friendly acquaintance, in a few words made him acquainted with the recent events that had taken place in the tap room of tho inn. " Humph 1 I do not like the look of it, Blake. It is a strange business. Why the man should pay BO liberally for drinks all munri, sit down to tell you a story, and start up, and dart oil without a word like a lunat ic, is a bit of a mystery; and then that cry for help in a woman's voice, too, to say the leant. of it, is suspicious. Well, we will civea look round, though'tis a thankless task,for the mow will have quite obliterated any track or Hue left by the assassin. It is a fearful ni^'ht, but it is my duty to see into this ; and Nat Edwards never shirked his duty yet." The speaker, a well-known officer of the 1' Division of Police, located at the time of which wc are writing (nearly fifty years since), at the Station Locks Fields, Walworth, was a fine, tall fellow, rather good, looking, one of those handsome brown men, with dark, arched eyebrows, long lashes, prominent nose, and, despite his calling, bearing a rather rakish air, that won at once the goodwill and confidence of all with whom he came across. The wind was still raging like a hurricane as the smart detective, with the waterman, Jem Blake, made his way over the canal bridge adjacent to the old inn. Almost blinded by the snow that tossed about by the wind, was whirled hither and thither in mad eddies, and wild gyrations, the officer flashing the rays of his lamp full in front, suddenly paused, at from a drift be kicked some dark object at his feet. Stooping down, lie picked up what at first be imagined waB a piece of cloth or doubled up neckerchief. An exclamation of surptiee now escaped the lips of his companion as he held the article up. " You eeem to recognise this thing, Jem I" " Should think I do, sergeant. I could •wear to it, and all of 'em in the tap could do the same, I know," said Blake, who, taking the object from the hands of t.ho officer with a shudder, cast his eyes inlontly upon it. It was a fur cap 1 A man's sealskin cap tlist was dripping with moisture ; sopping, as though it had been drawn from the water. But it was not water that saturated the head-gear. It was blood I Blood that crimsoned the particles of snow that hung about it. ** I suppose this is the cap of that chap yon were telling me about, Blake ? " interrogated the detective. " Yes ; I could swoar to it, Edwards." " This looks rather serious," muttered the officer as, pushing on, he presently, with bis companion, gained the banks of the canal facing the back premises of the Watermen's Arm and tbe adjacent boathoute. Standing as they were on the opposite side of the waterway, as the snow now somewhat abated the two companions discerned a figure dart suddenly from a large shed, and racing along the ice disappear in the darkness of the night. " He has gone, whoever it was ; but I'll have him later on if I get a chance. I sue* pect it is your fur cap friend, Blake. But, hallo I we are .well on the track, and there is not a doubt "but what foul murder has been done." Singularly free from snow, the ice betide the bank where the deteotive now stood was clear and bright as a sheet of glass, but for a spaceof two or three feet around there was a dark pool of shining liquid. A pool fully revealed in the flash of the lamp. " What is that, Edwards j is the ice broken 1" "No, Blake; it is nob water you eee before you." " Then what is it, sergeant t" " Blood, Jem Blake." " Good heavens 1-howborrible" - ' "It is horrible,-Jem, and you may depend u pbn it whoever lost that blood, be it man or woman, is not alive now. No mortal oeald give up that quantity and live." Carefully, though the ice was very thick, the detective, followed by his conipaniun, walked out upon ths frozen waters of the canal Lowering his lamp tho officer discerned here mid there dark splotches of blood upon the snow and ice, and presently a woman's veil and a torn glove. They were now near the centre of the frozen stream. The broken, uneven surface of the ice, huge blocks sticking up like slabs of marble, revealing whore the barges had broken it a day or two befote. An exclamation of horror now escaped the lips of the bold, stalwart, stout-hearted detect ive as he caught sight of a something lying among the splintered ice, It was a woman's hand 1 The tiny dimpled hand of a woman, the wedding ring upon the third finger of which, together with a rich diamond one, glistened and sparkled in the rays of the moon that now, like a huge silver lamp, shone out from the skies. The snowstorm was at an end. The storm that had heralded foul murder was over, and by the gleam from the luminous orb above the avengers could now follow up the trail of the assassin. " Murdered by some person or persons unknown." Such was the verdict of the coroner's jury who had assembled in the boat-houae of the Waterman's Arms ten days after that night of storm, and discovery of the poor mutilated body of a young woman, who, minus her left hand, had been found in a shroud of thick-ribbed ice in the Surrey Canal. It was not until the gorgeous springtime that Detective-sergeant Nat Edwards tracked down the assassin of the murdered woman in the snowstorm, tracing his quarry to a mad house I It was the old story ; a young and foolish wife, a mad and passionate husband, who, alluring his victim to the vicinity of the canal, had ruthlessly stabbed and, in wild fury, bad severed from her wrist the hand she had given him in church but a few months before. The assassin escaped tbe gallows, dying raving mad in Peckham Lunatic Asylum. 