Woman's Share in the Work of the Laity. Some years ago, says the "Catholic Times," Archbishop Ireland said that Catholic women should be in the van guard of every social movement. Can one with truth assert that they are even in the rear-guard, as a body? And yet, glancing over the pages of history, one realizes that this was not always so. The life of the Mother of Our Saviour (considered apart from her share in the Passion of her Divine Son) was by no means a life shut off from the desperate needs of humanity and those sweet social charities which translate the Divine, love into human language to sin-stained and suffering souls. From the time when she sped "with haste" (as St. Luke informs us) to visit her aged cousin St. Elizabeth, to the solemn hour when, seated with the Disciples in the "upper chamber," the Holy Ghost descended upon them, she was filled and consumed with love to wards humanity. The Disciples, in the person of St. John, had been con fided to her. She was their mother; can we then imagine that she did not share their labors and their trials? Can we even faintly imagine what a mother she was to them? Have we not in the life of Our Lady just the guidance we need in this matter of helping the priests of Holy Church? Is it not evident that in aiding them in their work we follow very closely in the footsteps of Our Blessed Mother? Glance, too, at the lives of the Saints—St. Catherine of Sienna, St. Ca therine of Alexandria, and the scores of women whose lives shine for all time, like stars against the gloomy background of the Middle Ages. Have we nothing to learn from them? Their charity began at home, it is true, but did not end there; neither was it bounded by parish, or city, or country. "But they were saints," you will say. True, but they were not born saints. A diamond is but a piece of crystal lised coal: a rnbv is a. lumn of nrvsttal lised clay, and the saints were ordin ary human beings transformed by the alchemy of love, human and divine, into precious stones fit for the diadem of the King. But there are other names in history which should inflame our zeal and emulation. For in stance, Isabelle of Castille, who, amid the splendors of a court, lived as a true disciple of Christ. Who, learned her self, was also the patron of learning; whose heroism on the battlefield was only equalled by her tenderness among the wounded. Then there was Mar garet O'Carroll, a princess of the fif teenth century, who was, we are told, "a mother to the poor, a presiding genius to the rich, and a patron of unbounded munificence to men of genius." She made highways, built churches, erected bridges, and com piled prayer-books. "Her name," says an old chronicler, "her name, though woman's, shall be scrolled All war rior names above." And nearer at home we have Mar garet Roper, the daughter of Sir Tho mas More, who, talented, virtuous, and wise, shared with unexcelled hero ism, piety, and sympathy the suffer ings of her martyred father. Hearer to our own day we have Mo ther Margaret Hallahan, who, begin ning life as a little servant maid, died the foundress of the Dominican Order in England, having seen churches and convents, schools and congregations, grow from the tiny seed planted among the girls of Coventry when she was housekeeper to; Dr. Ullathorne. One other name flashes meteor-like across the mind—the name of one high-born and wealthy,- who turned1 sweetly and simply from all the allure ments of the world, to spend her days trying to raise and £o brighten the lives of her Catholic sisters in the East End. I mean Lady Clare Fielding, who truly gave* her life for Catholic girls, whose name will be for all time an embodiment of all that is sweetest, and fairest, and bravest, and best in woman. We have, then, no lack of examples to follow in the work we are being urged to undertake. But some one will say this work is not for us. Stay —in his Encyclical on "Labor," our Holy Father says: "Everyone must put his hand to the work which falls to his share, and that at once and im mediately, lest the evil which is al ready so great,, may, by delay, become absolutely beyond remedy." Everyone, the Holy Father says, and if everyone, then this bugle call is sounded for you and for me! Whether we can do much or little, we must do what we can, so great is the harvest, so few are the laborers. Accident to Me. Gltnn.—There is no keener sportsman in the colony that Mr. Glynn, M.P., and in the hunting season he is among the foremost when the "Kill" takes place. For the second time, how ever, he has been rendered horsde combat; this time, though, it was not in the hunt ing held. On Monday evening he wa6 trying a young horse of the "buck-jump ing" type, and after several unsuccessful attempts to unseat its rider, it reared aud fell on top of him. Mr. Glynn sustained a fracture of the right collarbone, and is at present confined to Mb house. The popular barrister expects to be about again within a few days. An Enterprising Firm.—Messrs. J. B. Siebert & Sons, the well-known Catho- lic undertakers, have now completed the alterations and additions to their busi- ness premises. The office and showroom, which are situated in Gouger-street, near Victoria-square, are fitted up on American lines, and are perfect in detail, every thing being in such order as to facilitate the quick dispatch of all business, tele- phone communication being possible both day and night. At the rear is situated the workshop, stables, and coachhouses; in the latter is to be found the latest and most approved hygienic carriages, which are lined with leather in place of the old-time cloth, thus reducing the danger of spreading disease to a minimum. Close by is the stable and adjuncts, where seven beautiful specimens of horseflesh are housed. On the second floor is the work shop, which is fitted out with every con- venience, gas being laid on throughout. Near at hand is a repository for contain- ing a large stock of fittings and elaborate furnishings, with costly mountings of every design in silver and electroplate. All the wood used in the business is Ame- can pine and cedar. An important branch has been added recently, that of embalm- ing. Although at no time is this an attrac- tive subject, yet when the advantages of it are considered it must be admitted to he an important and necessary art. By its means relatives have been able to travel from one end of Australia to the other, and then be in time to pay their tribute of respect to their departed ones. Mr. V. J. Siebert has studied the art under Professor Rivers, and he is now one of the most expert operators in the colonies, and possesses the diploma of the Austalian School of Embalming. By the aid of the latest appliances and the adoption of the most advanced methods the cost of the process has been reduced to a very reasonable figure. Michael Joseph Barry, one of the "Young Ireland" poets, was appointed, long after 1S48, a police magistrate in Dublin. During the Fenian troubles an Irish-American, arrested in Dublin on suspicion of being in Ireland with sedi tious designs, was brought up before Barry. A constable. swore that the suspect, -when arrested, was wearing a Republican hat. "A Republican hat?" said the counsel for the prisoner; "does your Worship knows what that means?" "I presume," said Barry, . "that a Republican hat is a hat without \- a teovra." ' 