SOME CtiOSTlY LEGENDS. HAUNTED PLACES. The remarkable story of tSa apparition at Berry Portieroy Castle/ Sear Tonnes, appears to be authentic, itffd is well known in' the West of Eng?«H§; r - i^end runs that ia the latter the laeat century • Dr Walter Parquhsar, who waSs tben at Torquay, was called to the Casfle to attend tlit steward's wife. On his atfival he was slwn into a- ?o<wn. on thff ground floor aiWf asked to wtfif a, momejSft. ^ After sornw- minutes fitot elapsed'fie^rew impati^ftf, and arose ; tfo 1 questioff s. female who ha® opened a si<fe - door aurf was walking atfdss the room> His surp?fi&, however, wa^ great when' he noticed* Iter manner an^1 gairb. She was dressed! rfeh attire, l^-W in an absolutely our-af-date costume, a*»3 wrung her "hands fIP a pitiful mannes«=4eer face evincing sigflfr d Igreat distr^. She Walked to tW* ffigfrt of oak st^iiS and. quickening pace, disappear®dl At tliat moment* Site-steward enters^ the room, and announced that his wife- was reaSy to see biiU3- D* Farquhar fcmanS Ks patient dangerously ill, and lie-wa&so; much engfbssed with the case 1 ttififtr Ke forgot, ere^fte left t9e building 1 / tt>> question the- steward as- to the yourir l^dy In the cunou» dress h'Jr had seeri.- (Sut&e; following da*r he foufld his patient much improvedl and renflsmliered to' the stewarai about thft. mystei-iOTiS youwg. lady. As» the doctc* recounted ; lSs-" es3>erienoe the* poor fellow showed uumiBtaikable signsof fear and trembling? and? toid the Doctor that now he w-as"stffe liiff wife would: soon die, as-"the spectre -wa» tBae spirit or the daughter of an ea=rly owner of the- Castie who had murdered^ few child, and. had sinc^ appeared as an ome® foreteUing tbe death of an ininaie:- ®r Farquhar quickly gave the stewardi every assurance of his wife's turB'for tae better, and'that he thought she would' continue to improve,but tlfe credutooe^lSsteward would not hear of it: The next day the Doctor called at the Castle, andiwas astounderd to find that' his patient had died soon after he lef t'the place • tfce preceding day. . The most strange part'of'tlie stbuy is to cOiiie. After an interval of several years, Dr Earquhar was-well! known in London as Sir Walter Farquhar (1796), and could count among-- his- clientfr and friends certain members-of nobilitsr and Royalty. One day a lady came to him in great distress, saying h'er sister was ill, and appeared to be wasting away, and" that on being questi&nedj; sh'e was most emphatic in sayings slie saw a ghost when visiting in. Devonshire-some weeks before, which had'left" suctti an impression upon her, that'do-what; she would she could not.shake-it" off. The lady further said that the ' spectre ap- - reared at Berry Poineroy Citstle, at which Sir Walter started,! told* his- experiences, and requested to see the young lady immediately, whbnrlie found suffering as described. Tlfe poor girl appeared greatly relieved to' be -speaking to some one who shared iier uncomfortable experience, and, it may be added, soon regained her usual health; ... Sykes Lumb Farm, near Blackburn,. Lancashire, has a; well known- reputation for being haunted. Tift* Houses itself is a very primitive dwelling,- built of large, roughly hewn blocks of coarselimestone, having a lonely situation: fana*. secluded dell by the banks of the Meller Brook. Several partiea-have asserted that they have seen an old:wrinkled, woman pass along the road wiiich!. led to the Lumb, but were so afraid that they never dared to question Her; It came to pass that a young farmer occupied the premises, and on seeing-, the- ;host" one night beneath an old apple tMa ia. Uio -omluinl. Ju> ariMBtBdi ter. When she pointed to the ground; : TEe young man dug and soon came upon a. number of earthenware jars containing, ancient gold and silver coins of pounds value: After this.night it is said; the old dame has, not troubled the countryfolk'so much. . Heath Old Hall, near Wakefield,; Yorkshire, also has its ghost. This mansion., is a splendid pile of the Elizabethan period, and the windows were formerly emblazoned with the arms of some or the chief of England's nobility. In 159" William Witham, who was in possesion, was suddenly taken ill and died.- A later owner of the Hall was a sister of Witham's—Lady Mary Bolles—a strongminded woman, who was locally known as "Old Mother Hubbard," and who, it is recorded, died in 1662 at the age of eighty-three. Tradition says-this lady's^ spirit still haunts the place. Her favor- ite spot seems to be the old banquetting. halli where she has been seen to glidealong in a most mysterious fashion. This, ghost is also reported to liave walked io- Heath Grove; but was afterwards conjured down into a hole of the river, which is even to this day known as- "Bolles' Pit." There is a strange story of the supernatural in connection with Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basingstoke, in the shape of the ghost of a young lady, said to have been murdered, there. She was seen sooiv after the housewas purchased by Lord 1 Bolton, by Lord Bolton himself and two. of his friends. Tbe ghost of Barbara. VilHers, Duchessof Cleveland, is said to haunt Walpolfr House, Chiswick Mall; and her spirit appears at short intervals at a bedroom window in tbe upper part of the house, wringing its hands and beseeching someunknown person" to "Give her . back her lost beauty."— "Royal: Magazine." 