THE WEAPONS MYSTERY. OF By -JOSJil'H HOCKING, Author of "All Men are Liars, Slorv of Andrew Fairfax."' CHAPTER XVII.—USING THE ENE- MY'S WEAPONS. Two months passed, and no tidings o£ Kafi'ar—at least none that were, worthy of consideration. The detectives had donf all that men could do; they had made every enquiry possible, they had set on foot dozens of schemed; but all iu vain. Voltaire, who had been closcly Hatched, was apj>alently living a. quiet, harmless life, and was not. so far as could be seen, iu communication with him. 1 had done all that I could do myself. I had followed in England every possible clue, all of which had ended in failure. Three months passed. Still no reliable news. One detective fancied he had detected him in Constantinople; another was equally certain he had, at the same time., seen liim in Berlin. I became almost mad with despair. The first of December had conic, and I was not a step nearer findiug the man whose presence would free mc from Voltaire's villainous charge. That whieh troubled mc most; was the f.-.et that I did not know whether lie were alive. Even if 1 did not kill him, perhaps Voltaire had got him out of the way so that he might fasten the guilt on me. "What, after all," was the thought that maddened mc, "if he should be lying at the bottom of Drearwater Pond?"' There ivere only twenty-four more days now. Three weeks and three days, and I knew not what to do. If I failed, inv love would marry the man who was worse than a fiend, while I, for whom she was to suffer this torture, was unable to help her. And yet I had tried, God alone knows how; but only to fail. Still, there were twenty-four days; but what were thev? Kaffar, if he were alive, might be in Africa, Australia—110 one knew where. I saw no hope. A week more slipped by. There were only seventeen days left now. I was sitting in my room, anxiously waiting for the Continental mail, and any telegrams whieh might arrive. I heard the postman's knock, and in a minute more letters were brought iu. Eagerly I opened those whieh catne from the detectives, and feverishly read them. '".Still in. the dark; nothing discovered"— that summed up the long reports they sent ihe. I read the other letters; there was nothing in them to help me. Still another week went by. Only ten days were wanting to Christmas Eve. and 1 knew no more of Kaffar's whereabouts than 1 did on the day when I defied Voltaire and started on my search. Again reports from the detectives came, and still no news. No doubt, by this, Voltaire was gloating over his victory, while I was nearly mad with despair. Oalv ten days! I must do something. "U was my duty, at all hazards, to free Gertrude Forrest from Voltaire. That was plain. I could not find the Egyptian, and thus it was probable I had killed him as had been said. What must -1 do? This, and this only. I must go to Scotland Yard and relate to the authorities m.v whoie story. I must tell them of Voltaire's influence over me, and that it was probable that I had, while held under a mesmerist' spell, killed the man I had been trying ti find. This was all. It might .bring till villain under suspicion, and if so it would hinder him from exacting the fulfilment of Gertrude Forrest's promise. It was at best but an uncertain venture, but it was all 1 could do. 1 owed it to the woman I loved. It was my duty to make this sacrifice. I would do ft. 1 wasted no time: I put on my overcoa' and walked to Scotland Yard! I put my hand upon the door of the room which I knew belonged' to one of the officials, to whom I determined to report my ease. , I thought of the words I should say, when •STOP!" I am sure I heard that word, elear and distinct. Where it came from I new not; but it was plain to me. An idea flashed into my mind. ilad, mad, I must have been, never to have thought of it before. Ten days! Only ten days! But much might be done even yet. I rushed away ana got into St. James's Park, and there, in comparative quietness, I began to think. The clouds began to dispel, the difficulties began to move away. Surely I had nit upon a plan at last, a plan on which 1 should have thought at the outset. 1 walked on towards Westminster Abbey, still working out my newly-coneeivea idea, and when there jumped into a cab. Yes, I remembared the address, for 1 had seen it only the day before, so 1 toll the cabman to drive to street, Chelsea. I was right. There on "the door was the name of the man I had hoped to" find—Pro lessor Vo'ii Virchow. I paid the cabman, and knocked at theTdooi- with a beatdnj hear:. A. sallow-faced girl opened the door, and asked mv business. , Was Professor Virchow at home? Yes, he was at home, but would be engaged for the next quarter of an hour; after that, he cculd see me on business connected with his profession. I was accordingly ushered into a musty room, which sadly wanted light and air. The quarter of an hour dragged slowlv away, when the sallow-faced girl again appeared, saving that Professor Von \ irchow would be pleased to see me. I followed her into au apartment .that was fitted up like a doctor's consulting room. Here I found the man I had come to see. He was a little mm, about five feet four inches high. He had, however, a big head, prominent, forehead, and keen grey eyes. ITe wore gold-rimmed spec-fades, and was evidently well led and on good terms with him>elf. "Y'ou are a professor of mesmerism and clairvoyance, I believe";"' I began. "That is my profession," said the little man. stiffly. ""Then 1 am in hopes that you may be able to help me iu my difficulty.'" "1 shall be pleased to help vou," he said still s-nffly. "Can you," 1 went on. "'tell the whereabouts of a man whom I may describe to you "That is very vague," was the rcplv. '"Your description may be iocorrcct, or "a hundred men might answer to it. I would promise nothing under such conditions." "Perhaps 1 had better tell my siory," I e-aid. "I think you had,"' said the little professor, quietly. "On the 2nd of January of ihe present year," I said, "a mau disappeared in the night from a place in Yorkshire, lie is ail Egyptian, and easilv •distinguished. A great deal depends on finding him at oncc. Ever since ilay. endeavours have been made to iraek him, bat without success." "Perhaps he is dead," said the professor. "Perhaps so; but even then is is important to know. Can you help me to find out his whereabouts-"' "Undoubtedly 1 can; but I must have a good photograph of him. Have you one V' "I have not^" "Could you obtain one":" "1 think not." "But this man has been seen by many per.plp. < Vmld not some one you know, and who knows him, sketch a faithful likeness Iro?n memory ?" "I do not know of any one." '"Then 1 could not guarantee to find him. i on see. I cannot work miracles.. I can only work through certain jaws which I have been fortunate enough either to recognise or discover; but there must ever be some data upon whirl: to go, and, you see, yoi; give mc none that is in the least satisfactory." "Perhaps you can,'" I said, "if I relate to yo.ii all the circumstances connected with what is, I think, a somewhat remarkable story." I had determined to tell this little man eyery eiiviimslanoe which might lead to Ka.ifars discovery. esj)ecia]ly those whieh happened in Yorkshire. It seemed my only re-nurcc. and 1 felt that somehow sometbiii:r would come of it. I therefore briefly related what I have written in 1 his story. "That man who mesmerize?! you is very clever.'' said the Professor quietly, when I had finished. "IT. was very unfortunate for y:m that you should have matched yourself with stub a one. liis ploi was well'worked '•lilt in ei erv respect _ He only made a mistake in one thing." "And that?" "He thought it impossible that vou should ever be Deed from his power without bis eon.er,!- Mili it was a well-planned affair. 1 he Story, the ghost, the quarrel—it was al! well done."' "I fad to sec what part the ghost had in the matter."' 1 said. The Professor smiled. ''No'?" he said. "Well. 1 .hiiiild nut think it was a vital part of his plan, but it was helpful. He calculated upon the young lady's superstitious 1";i!icies. lie knew what the particular toi'iii in whieh the gho-t appeared portended, and ii fitted in with bis scheme of murder. Evidently he wanted the voung lathto believe in your guilt, and thus give liiiii greater chance of success. Ah. lie is a clever man.'" "But." 1 ;Lsked anxiously. "<-an vou tell me Kaii'ar's whereabouts now?"' "No, T cannot--that is, not to-day." "W hen. then?" "I may not be able to do so at-all. It all depends on one man." "What is he?" "Simon Slowden. I think you called him." 1 "Siniim Slow-den! How can lie help us?" j "Evidently lie is susceptible to mesmeric I influences, and be knows the man you wish to find. But the difficulty lies here. Is he suibciently susceptible?" "Is that the only hope?" "All 1 can see .it present. T was going lo suggest that you be thrown iuto a mesmeric sleep; but you could not he depended on. The experiences which you have had would make you very uncertain." "Then your advice is " "Send for this man at once. If he fails— well, 1 have another alternative." "May ] know what?" "No, not. now." ""Answer me this. Do you think I killed Kaffar, the Egyptian:'"" "No, I do not; but your enemy intended you should." "Why did I not, then?" '"Because the Egyptian also possessed a mesmerist's power, and hindered you. At any rate, such is my opinion. I am not sure;" and the little man. looked very wise. "Expect us early to-morrow morning, said, and then went away to the nearest telegraph office, with a lighter heart than I had known for many long mouths. The little professor had given mc some hope. The matter was still enshrouded in mystery, but still I thought 1 had found a possible solution. "Send Simon Slowdeu to me at- once," 1 telegraphed. ""Extremely important. Wire back immediately the time I may expect him." Anxiously I waited for an answer. Al though the message was flashed with lightning speed, it seemed a long time in coming. At^ length it came, and I read as follows:— "'Slowdeu -will come bv train leaving Leeds 11.38. Meet him at St. Paiiera*." • I immediately caught a tab and. drove "to Gower-street, and, on looking at my timetable, I found that the train mentioned in the telegram arrived in London at 5.15. This would do splendidly. I could get Simon to my room and give him some breakfast, and then, after a little rest, drire direct to the professor's. 1 need not say I was early at St. Pancras the following morning. I had scarcely, slept through the .night, and anxiously awaited the appearance of tb.e train;. It swept into the station in good time, and, to hiy great relief and delight, I saw Simon appear on the platform, looking as etolid and imperturbable as ever. We were not long in reaching Gower street, where Simon enjoyed a good breakfast, after which we drew up our chairs before the cheerful fire and began to talk. "Did you -have a good jourfiey, Simon ?" I asked. .'4 . •' "Slept like the seven sleepers of .rthe patriarch, sur, all ihe way from Leeds." . "And you don't feel tired now?" ' "Not a bit, ver honour." "Then," I said, "1 want to explain to you a few things tliat must have appeared strange." Accordingly I told him of Voltaire's influence over me, and what came out OL it. "Why, sur," said Simon, when I had finished, "that 'ere willain must be wuss nor a hinlidel; he must be the Old Nick in the garret. And do jou mean to say, sur, that lhat 'ere beautiful Miss Forrest, who I've put down for you, is goin' to gic married to that 'ere smiinamblifyin' waccinatin' willain, if his dutiful' mate ain't a found before Chrismas Eve?" "Only nine days, Simon.". ... "But it mustn't be, yer honour.".' . '"So 1 say, Simon; and that's why Fve sent for you." ' ~ "But I can't do nothink much, sur. All my wits her bin vaccinated away, and my blood is puddled like, which hev affected the workm' o' my brains; and you see all your detective chaps have failed." "But 1 shan't fail if you help me."' "Help you, Mr. Blake? You know I will," "Simon, you offered to be any friend, now nearly a year ago." * "Ay, and this 'ere is a lad as'il stick to his offer, sur, and mighty proud to do so." "Well then, I'm in hopes we shall succeed." ""ITow, yer honour?" '"By..^ fighting Voltaire with his own weapons." '"What, .waecinatin'?" "By mesmerism and clairvoyance, Simou." "And"'who's the chap as hev got to be waecinated—or mesmerized,-as you call it?" "You, if you trill, Simon." '"Me, sir?" said Simon, aghast. "If you will." "Well, I said after-that' 'ere willain experimented on me in Yorkshire, I never would again; but If it's for you, sur—why, here goes; ?l'm purtv tough." But how's it to be done?"' Then I told him of my interview with the professor, and how he* had told me that only he—Simon—could give the necessary help. "Let's off at once, yer honour,"' cried Simon. "I'm willin' for anything if you can git The-tapper 'and of that 'ere -willain and his other self.- Nine days, sur—only nine days'. Let's git" to the -.vaccinator. I'd rather have smallpox a dozen times than you should be knocked overboard bv sich as he." I was nothing loth, and so, although it ivas still earlv, we were soon in a cab on our way to the professor's. On arriving we were immediately shown in, and the little mau soon made his appearance. "All, you've brought him?" said he. "I'm glad to see you so prompt. Would you mind taking this chair, my friend?"—to Simon. "That's it, thank you. Y ou've been travelling all night, and are a little tired, I expect. No? Well, it's well to be strong and able to bear fatigue. There, look at me. Ah, that's it." . With that he put his fingers on Simon's forehead, and my humble friend ivas unconscious of what was going on around him. "He's very susceptible; but I am afraid lie has not been under this influence a sufficient number of times i'or his vision to be clear. Still, we'll try.—Simon!" "That's me," said Simon, sleepily. "Do you see Kaffar, the Egyptian?" He looked around as if in doubt. His eyes had a vacant look about them, and yet there seemed a certain amount of intelligence displayed—at any rate, it seemed so to me. "1 see lots of people, all dim like," said Simon slowly; "but I can't tell no facss. They all seem to be covered wi' a kind o r mist." "Look again," said the professor. "You can see more clearly now."' Simon peered again aud again, and then said, "Yes, I can see him; but he iooks all strange. He's a-shaved off his whiskers, and hev got a sort o' red cap, like a baisin oa liis head." My heart gave a great bound. Kaffar was not dead. Thank God for that. "Where is he?" "I am tryin' to see, but. I can't. Everything is misty. There's a black fog a-coiiiin* up." "Wait a few minutes." said the professor, "and then we'll try him again." Presently he spoke again. "Now," he said, "what do you see?"' But Simon did not reply. He appeared in a deep sleep. ' "I thought as much," said the little man. "His nature has not. been sufficiently prepared for such work. I suppose you had breakfast: before you came here":'' 1 assured him that Simon" had breakfasted on kidneys and bacon; after which he had made considerable inroads into a cold' chicken, with perchance half a pound of cold ham to keep it company. Besides which he had taken three large breakfast cups of chocolate. "Ah, that explains something- Still, I think we have done a fair morning's work. We've seen that our man is alive." ' ""But do you think there is any hope of finding bun?"'" "I'm sure there is; only be patient." "But what must 1 do?'' "Weli. take this ruan to sec some of the sights ol' London until 3 o'clock, then come home to dinner. After dinner lie'ilbesleepy Let him sleep, if he will, until 0 o'clock; then bring liim here again but let liim have no supper until after I have done with him."' "Nine o'clock to-night! Why, do you know that takes away another day? Thetfe will only want eight clear days to Christmas Eve.""' "I can't help tliat. sir," "said the little professor, testily; "you should have come before. Hut that is the way. Our science, which is re-ally the queen of sciences, is disregarded; ->n!y one here and there conies to us, and then we are treated as no other scientific man would be. treated. Never mind, our day will rortie. One day all the sciences shall l)ow the knee to us, for we ore the real interpreters 0f the mysteries or" nature." 1 apologized for my impatience, which he gravely accepted, ai:d then woke Simon from his siecp. "Where ani I?" cried Simon. "Where've 1 been"'"" "1 can t tell."' said the professor. "I wish 1 could, for then our wc-rk would be accomplished." "Have you bin si-waccinatin" me?"' said Simon. Tiie little man looked to nie for explanation. "He calls everything mysterious by that name,"' 1 said. "Cause," continued Simon. "I thougbt as how you waccinators. or mesmerists, made passes, as they call 'em. and waved your hands about, and like that." "Did that Mr. Voltaire, I think you call him, make passes the professor, "He!" slid Simon, ""lie ain't no ordinary man. He's arot doalin's with old Nick, he hev. lie didn't come near inc, nor touch me, and i wur sleep in" afore I could ihink of ihy grandmother." ".Just so; he is no ordinary man. lie's a real .student of psychology, be is. He has gone beyond the elements of our profession. 1 despise the foolish things which these quacks of mesmerism make silly people do in order to please a gaping-niouthed audience. It is true I call myself a Professor of Mesmerism bud Clairvoyance, but it would be more correct to call me a. practical psychologist. Y'ou'U attend to my wishes with regard to our friend, won't you: Good morning." I will not try in describe how I passed the day. It would be wearisome to tha reader 10 tell him how often I looked at my watch aud thought of the precious hours tiiat were flying; neither will I speak of my hopes and fears with regard to this idea ' o£ finding Kaffar's whereabouts by means of claicroy.uiee. Suffice it io say, I was in a state of feverish anxiety when we drove up to the professor's door that night, about half-past nine. We did not wait a minute before operations were commenced. Simon "was again in a mesmeric sleep, or whatever the reader niav be pleased to call it, 111 a few seconds after he had sat down. % on Virchow began by asking the same question he had asked in the morning — "Do vou see Kaffar, the Egyptian? I waited iu breathless silence for the answer. Simon heaved .1 deep sigh, and peered wearily around, while the professor kept his eye steadily upon him- "Do you see Kalfar, the Egyptian?" repeated he. "Yes, I sec hhn," said Simon, at length. "Where?" '"That's what- I'm trying to find out, said Simon. ' "The place is strange; the people talk in a strange tongue. I can't make 'em out." "What do you see now?" said the professor, touching" his forehead. "Oh, ah, I see now," said Simon. "It's a railway station, and I see that 'ere willain there," jest as cumiin' as ever. He's a getiin* in the train, he is." "Can you see the name of the station?" "No, I can't. It's a biggish place, it is, and 1 can't see no name. Stay a minute, 'though. I see now." "Well, what's the name?" "It's a name as I never see or heard tell on before. B-o-l-o—ah, that's it; Bologna, that's it. It is a queer name though, ain't it?" • ""Well, what now?" ""Why, he's in the train, and it's started, it is." "Tio you know, where he's going?" ' "N'o." .'"..•'.'.,' "Silt he faas a ticket; can't you see it?" "Ccurse l can't. It's in his pocket, and I can't see throiigh the doth, -I can't." :"And what's he doing; now?" ' ""Why, he's in for miakm' hisself comfor-. 'table, "he is." He's got a piller, and he's ' etretchin'i: vhisSdCf : • oii. .."the. . seat and laym' his head 6n_ this piller. There, liejs closed his eyes—he's off to-sleep." - The professor turned to me. "I am afraid we can do no more to-jnight," he said. "Evidently he is on a journey, and we must wait until he arrives at his destination." . '"Butf can't Slowden remain as he is and watch him?" " *" "The thing would he at once, cruel and preposterous, sir. No, you muet come again 'In the morning; "then," perchance, he will have finished his journey;" and, accordingly he proceeded to^awake Simon. • , ."-After all, -it did not- matter' so much. It was now ; 10 o'clock, and I could do nothing thaE sight in ihy case.** ;•-• '*••'."1 - - • ; ' •" ' do noi, know but thkt I am glad that things are as they are," Continued the prolessor. "This second sleep will enable liim to see more clearly to^mornow. Meanwhile, consider yourself fortunate., .If' the -Egyi)- tian stops anywhere in. Italy, It will be possible 1 for you to reach him and, bring him back within the time you mention. Take heart, my friend. Good-bye for the time. I shall expect you early -to-morrow." No sooner were ire.' in the streset than. ' Simon began ;to ask me what he liad told me, for I found he w^as entirely ignorant of the things he had said. " "Who'd a thought it?" he said musingly, when I had tcld liim. "Who'd 'a thought as 'ow I should bassist in a waceinatin"business like this .'ere! Tell 'ee, yer f onour; I shall, believe iu ghosts and sperrits again soon. . Faiiey me a-seein' things in Italy and tellin' 'em to you without knowm* anything about it! Well, but''twill be griand if we can find '"im yer honour, won't it then?'' I spent a sleepless night, harassed by .a thousand doubts and. fears. There, in -the quiet cf my room, all this mesmerism arid clairvoyance seemed only so much hocuspocus,, which 110 sensible and well-educated ' man should have anything to. do 'with. Still, it was ray only hope; arid it only wanted eight days to Christmas Eve. Only one little week and a day, that was all, and then, if I did not produce-Kaffiar, all was lost. It would be no {use to go Miss Forrest's house in Kensington and tell her'that Simon Slowden had, while in a mesmeric sleep, seen Kaffar ip Italy. No, no; that would never do. I must produce him, nothing else would suffice. v We were early at the professor's the following jnorniug, and found liim waiting and almost as anxious as we were. Again Simon submitted to the. influence" of the little man, and soon answered his questions far more readily than he had hitherto done. . . Did he see Kaffar? "Yes." was the reply, "Where is he now?" He was in a beautiful town. The houses " were white, the streets were white; : the town was full of squares, and in these squares were many statues. Such was Simon's information. "Do you know what country the town is in?" "No/* said Simon, shaking his head. "Could you not by any means find out? There's a railway station in the town; can you not see ihe name there?" "Yes, there's a railway .station, a fine onel All, I see the name now. T-o-r-i-n-o. Torino, that's it." "Torino!" 1 cried, "Turin! That's a town in Italy, some distance beyonli the Ereuch border." . The professor beckoned me to be quiet." "Kaffar is at Torino, is he?" said the professor. 1 "That's it—yes." "What-is he doing?" t "Talkin' with a man who'- keeps an hotel." "What does he say?' f "It's in a foreign language, and I can't tell." "Can you repeat what he said?" "It sounded like this—*Je rcstey ici poiir kelka jour;' but I can't make cut what it means."' The professor turned to me. "He's speaking French. I did not- know Kaffar knew "French; perhaps lie's learned it lately. The words mean that he will slay there for some days." "Can you describe the street in. which this hotel is?" continued Von Virchow. Simon began to describe, but we could make nothing of it. "We can't understand," replied the professor. "Can you draw a. sketch of "the road to it from the railway station?" and he put a piece ot paper and pencil in Si- ' moil's hand'. "Without hesitating Simon drew a sketch. I had' been to Turin, •and remembered some of the places the sketch indicated. It might be far from perfect, but it was sufficient for me. It would be child's play to find Kaffar there. "That will do," I said to the professor. "I'll start at once. Thank you so much." "Ah, that will do, will it?" he said, with a smile. "Then I'll wake up this man." Simon woke up as usual, rubbing his eyes, and asked whether any good had been done. "Everything's been done,' cried 1. "Come, professor, allow me to write you a cheque. How much shall it be?" "Not a. penny until your work is accomplished," replied the little man, with dignitv. That is r.ot fair," I said. "1 don't know what mav happen, and. you must not be defrauded. Anyhow, here's something on account;"' and I put a twenty-pound note in his hand. He smiled as be looked at it. while I took my hat. and stated my intention to start for Turin at once. ' j "Begsin' yer pardon." said Simon, 'nut this "ere waccination .business is nwfullv weavvin'. and 1 should lik? to—that :s—— "The very filing," 1 replied, anticipating his request. "Yon .hall go with ine. v Half an hour later we were at Irowerstreet. making preparations for our journey to Turin—Simon calm and collected, I feverish and excited. 