SKETCHER. : ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. There has been published this week a book under the title ot ' The Alleged Haunting of B House,' which should cause no little stir in psychical and spiritualist oiroles. It is edited by the Marquis of Bute and Miss Goodrich Freer — the 'Miss X' who figured prominently in the controversy two yeare ago. 'B House' — for obvious reasons its real name and that of its proprietor are not given by Lord Bute, but it iB well known to be Ballechin House in Perthshire — having the bad reputation of being haunted, was taken on lease by the Marquid, and Oolonel Taylor, a well-known Spiri tualist, put in possession to investigate mat ters with the aid of Miss Freer and other Roman Oatholio friends. They all kept diaries, whioh recorded their ghostly experi ences, and this booh tells the whole story. It is a oapital book for the holidays. It oarrieB on every page the elements of never ending wonder, speculation, and scepticism, to make things lively on rainy days at the ooast or in the country. We make some characteristic selections : — when lobd bute heabd of it. It was in 1892 that Lird Bute first heard of the haunting of B — - House in Perth shire. Here is an extraot from his journal: — August 7. In afternoon with Father H and Lord Dumfries to Falkland. Ha gives a long acoount of the physical die turbanoes at B ; noises between bis bed and the ceiling, like oontinnons explosions of petards, so that he oould not hear himself Bpeax. Father H said he had spoken of the matter to Mr S— — (the proprietor), who expressed an idea that the disturbances might be caused by his nnole, the late Major 8—, who was trying co attraot attention in order that prayers might be offered for the repose of his soul. The Restless MajobS . Major S— — wes horn in 1806, retired trom the Indian army with the rank of major in 1860, and died in 1876. His two brothers died unmarried, and of his s;x sis ters three married and a fourth, Isabella, entered a nunnery, and there professed the uame of 'Franoes Helen.' She died in 1880. The Major bequeathed B-- - to the repre sentatives of his married sister Mary, and on his death was succeeded by her sc sond son John, who was a Roman Oatholio. The Major was a believer in spirit return, and many witnesses have attested that he fre quently spoke of his own return after, death. He was fond of dogs, and he frequently in timated his intention of entering the body of a particular black spaniel wl 'oh he pos sessed; but after hiB death all his dogs, in cluding the Bpaniel, were shot, in order to render any suoh action on his part im possible. Spieit Rap fob Ma job's Sucoessoe. John S— , his successor, went to London in 1896 on family business, and was there ran over by a cab and killed. Lord Bate, in bis journal, under date Janaary 17th, 1897, says — ' I hear that the morning the late S of B left home for the Let time, spirits oame and rapped to h>m in his room, doubtless to warn him, so that death was owing to tbe cruel superstition whioh had prevented him allowing them to be communicated with.' Lord Bute's infor mant seems to have been the Rev. Si? David Hunter Blair, now Father Blair of Fort Augustus Monastery. The son. Captain 3 , at once let me house and the snoot ing s to Colonel 'Taylor as the nominal but Lord Bute as the real tenant ; and then the fun began. Young Lady and the Spooks. Mrs G. writes : — ' A young lady of by no means timid disposition, and possessed of great presence of uvnd, baa often heard the swing door pushed open and footsteps com ing along the corridor, pausing at the door. The footateps she had also heard going round her bed. Many visitors have had the same experiences, and many have heard the. wild unearthly shriek whioh has rung through the house at midnight.' The Clock Stbuok One. Mrs G. gives her own experiences : — ' The first night all was still, but the following night a succession of thundering knooks oame from the end oi the passage. Half an hour afterwards my husband heard a piero ing shriek. The next night we heard single knocks at different doors. The last night of onr visit, I heard the c(ook strike one, and immediately it ceased six violent blows shook our ova door on its hiugeB, followed by deep groans. A man with bronzed com plexion and bent figure has been seen by two fxiend3 of ir'ne. They both desoribe him as having oome through the door, and passing through the room in whioh they were, about three in the morning.' fibit Sight of the Nun. Miss Freer's j inrnal of her experiences is very good reading : — The maids tell me tney heard the sonnet of oontinnoua reading aloud, wbioh afterwards baoame quite familiar. The sound was always that well known to Roman Catholics, as that of a priest saying his office.' We deoided to walk in the avenue. It was quite dark, but the snow gleamed so white that we eould see our way to the plantation. In a few minutes I stopped. Against the snow I saw a light black figure— a woman moving slowly np the glen. She stopped and tamed and looked at me. When she oame under the tree she disappeared. The others saw nothing.' In a lettc : to Lord Bute under February 25, 1896, Mies Freer desoribes this figure with some detail These figures do not appear before 6.30 at earliest. They appear to be outlined by threads of light. It is only when the faoo appears in profi'e lj»at one oan describe the features, and this ft somewhat prevented by the nun's veil. ' Isbbel appears to me to be slight and of fair height. Her hair is dark, and there is an intensity of gaze whioh is rare in light coloured eyes.. Lord Bute identifies the nun as probably Miss Isabella S , the favourite sister of Major 8 , who ba oame a nun in 1860 and died in 1830. The Dog and the Spook.- 1 February 16—1 had an experience this morning which should be recorded. I was writing. I felt a distinct gentle push against my ohair. I thought it was the dog, but he was not there. I went on writing, when came another deoided push against myself whioh moved me on my chair. I looked backward, the room was empty. When Mrs W cam9 in she oalled my attention to the dog, who was gazing intently from the hearthrug at the plaoe where I had expected to see him. ' Ishbel' and Maeget.' 'I saw the nun again, and an older woman in grey, who talked earnestly with her, she answering at intervals. My com- p tnions heard the voices, bat did not see the Ggures. The older woman afterward! beeame familiar, and the name of ' Marget was given to her half iu tun, and simply because this was one of the two names given by the ' Ouij a' board— mod by Spiritual ists — in hypnotic Writing, as 'Ishbel' was also given several times when her »«im was asked.' ' February 16—1 saw ' Ishbel' and 'Marget' in the old spot across .the burn, ' Ishbel' was on her kbeeB in the attitude of weeping, Marget' apparently reasoning with her in a loud voice. I could not hear what was said for the noise of the burn. Miss M— said, 'I saw nothing but I heard a low talking.' ' The editors in a foot-note say :— The nun to whom waB given the name of ' Ishbel. This subject has been already disoussed, and the suggestion thrown oat that the phant asm was an erronooi s mental picture of the late Rev Mother Franoes Helen, evolved fro'u the imagination of - a half-educated person who had never seen the lady in . question, and knew little about her. This figure was seen many times by Miss Feasor and Miss Langton, twice by the Rev lb Q— — ,' and probably by Madame Boissoaux. who unhappily died Bnddenly before the editors had an opportunity of asking her for exaot information. There were also earlier witnesses. She was never seen else where than in the glen, except onoe by Miss Langton, and on the one oooasion when a Bishop was saying Miss in the house, and MisB A'keer saw her outside the window just after the elevation of the ohalioe. It was stated, however, by two separate witnesses, that a figure, probably the same, had been seen inside the house on at least one oooasion, when, some years before Oolonel Taylor's tenancy, Mrs 8— was keeping her room, and a maid who was bringing np a tray met the figure on the stairs, and experienced snob a start that she dropped the tray. The lay-woman dressed in grey to whom was given the name of ' Marget,' and who was sometimes see a in the company ol ' Isbbel,' usually as though upbraiding or reproving her. She was seen by Miss Frr-or and Miss Langton, and her voice in con versation with ' Ishbel' was heard not only by them, but by Mr C and Miss Moore, Mr ' Q., and Miss 1 Doff.' the man with the limp. 'February 21.— Again this morning we hoard noiseB of pattering in the next room. The dog got up and sat apparently watching something invisible to us, turning his head slowly aB if following the movement", of some person or thing across the room from east to west. Daring the night Miss Moore keard footsteps crossing the room, as of an old invalid man snuffling in slippers.' Miss H , another visitor, also heard the steps of an old man with a most peculiar limp. he takes the business in hand Lord Bute, in a private letter on April 29 to a distinguished ecoleaiastio, says : — 4 We spent 4S hours at B . Ou the way I was shewn tbe enclosure in the ohurohyard wherein lie, iu unmarked graves, the late Major S , his ho»sekeeper, and his Indian servant. I would have gone aid prayed there, bat tbe place seemed to me too public. The house is bright and oheerfal, As her ladyship und myself lid not wish to be trouble i at night, we took room in the wing whioh the late Mt»j jr S had built iu order to save Lis children from t o 'haunting,' and slept their quite oom- fortable. After 6 p.m. I went to the place neer the buru where the apparition often appeared. I read aloud the ' vespers ' for the dead, but no phenomenon appeared, nor had I any sens ition. About 7.30 I went t> room No. a and read aloud tbe first ' Noc ture o! the dirge ; ' there was nothing to be seen or heard, but I felt a strong sensation that persons were listening. (The wot (is, in uttering whioh Lord Bate was thra affected, were—' Rsgem cni omnia vivant venite ad oreoiua,' an invitation which he meant to include all intelligent beings). During the night slept well, Saw and heard nothing. Ntx; day visited hauuh.d burn; saw nothing. At 10 o'clock, in room D, read the third 'Nocturn,' made slips of pronunciation and felt the presence ef others very strongly, and that it wea hostile or evil, as though they were kept at aims length. A disagreeable sensation continued until 1 threw some holy water on iny bed before getting into it, when it sud denly disappeared.' The Last Bang. Miss Freer, iu a letter to Lord Bate, in describing the departure of a visitor— Md me Boisseaux— says— ' While waiting .for the carriage she touched my arm and pointed to the window, where I perceived the figure of 'ishbel,' and 'Marget' seemed to hover in the background. After Mdme's departure the Bishop blessed tha honse from top to bottom. He sprinkled rooms 1, 3, and 8 with holy water. Ha and the priests had hardly gone when there was a loud bang on a little table- Tbe Bishop and p fiesta re turned and the ceremony was repeated, after whioh the bang oconrred, bat much, more faintly. XhiB bang was the last phenomenon of an abnormal kind daring Shis tenancy.' Shallow and Impudent Imfostuee. As a suggestive pendant, it is worth re calling the trenchant article of the 'Times writer, in which he denouncid the whole affair as a great imposture. Here is an extraot : — 'Lard Bute's confidence hag been grossly abusid by some one. It was re presented to hi u (hat he was taking the most haunted house in Scotland — a house with an established reputation for mys terious, if not supernatural' disturbances. What be has got is a houso with no reputa tion whatever of that kind, with no history, with nothing germane to his purpose beyond a oloud of baseless rumours p'odoo id during the las: 12 months. 