THE BUDGET. MR. CARRUTHERS, full-fledged as Colonial Treasurer, presents a marked contrast to the callow Mr. Carrutkeiss wbo, not so many years ago, as a private member, limited his fiscal theories to a proposal for import duties on luxuries, especially jewellery, and was wont to introduce a quotation from Cicero, in English, as a prelude to his speeches. He had not then attained to a position in Sir Henry Parkes's esteem which -qualified him for Cabinet office. Indeed, on one occasion; before lie entered Parliament, when he formed one of a deputa tion to Sir Henry concerning a suburban re creation ground, or-something of the kind, and began, as usual, with Cicero, a look of pained weariness passed over the Premier's face, and lie evidently regarded his future .Minister of Public Instruction from the same point of view as the first liuugry lion wh& roared on Afric's burning sliore regarded the second of Ms species wlio did the game. Mr. Carruthers's views on taxing jewellery, however, met with more of the reniGnstrance of a parent to an erring child from Sir Henry than of .the freetrade wrath he was accustomed to pour out on ,sueh proposals. By other .members they were received with disgust. That was before legislators were paid, but when land companies and other jfvenues of enterprise enabled more than one member to attain a seeming potentiality of wealth, displaying itself in massive watch chains, in glittering rings, and in solitaires for the shirt fronts resembling decanter stoppers. Compared to those days, members now sit in comparative sackcloth, as contrasted to gentlemen or ?whom only a dozen years ago it could be said, that Solomon, in all his glory, was not ar rayed like one of these. Naturally. Mr. Car ruthers's views on. the taxation of jewellery did not suit the members who have been de scribed. But the representative of St. George has outlived all this, and last night he made a financial statement on. which he. may be fairly complimented, and '-which, apart al together from the fiscal question, gives the Ministry an excellent platform- on. which to base a claim for support should an appeal to the constituencies became necessary. Other wise it is not Mr. Carruthers's fault thai his Bndget speech should be robbed of a good deal of interest by the fortunate'' circum stance that there was^.no necessity' to deal ?with fiscal polemics'. If Parliament desires a discussion on freetrade as against protec tion, or direct as against indirect taxation, it must, -with the aid of the Opposition, invite that discussion, because, the financial ^tate^ ment very properly treated- an existing fis cal system as a fact concerning which there need be no debate. That being so, the Co lonial Treasurer, as was pointed out in these columns some weeks ago, had nothing to do but to present a balance- sheet, and, despite the report of the Auditor-General and the short criticisms by Messrs. Barton, Wise, and Lyne, the majority of the Assembly, and of the counixy. will, we believe, accept Mr. Carruthers's balance-sheet as correct, and will be. gratified at the measure of prosperity it discloses. . : ? v . -. That the Colonial Treasurer should have oc cupied a good deal of time in once more dis posing of the absurd idea that there was af cash deficit of £3,000,000 as a result of the existing fiscal policy, was a necessity of the position of affairs. The Colonial Treasuner last night was speaking to. the world, anfi the financial world ?especially, and so niany gentlemen have made; it their business to spread afrroad a report of tiie cash deficiency, as stated, that he had to once more, and in an official. manner, dispose of this report. ~hlr. Barton* who -was temperate in dealing with ,the subject, though Jie inclines to the Anditpr General, scarcely: -put the^oestion fairly when he accused the Government of regard ing a deficiency not created by its policy but taken over from its predecessors as paid, be cause Treasury Bills were issued to meet it. The Government and its supporters have never maintained that, the debt of their pre decessors was paid by the issue of Treasury Bills. All they contend for is that the debt is none of theirs, that their administration of the finances of the country is not responsible for it, and that it has not been produced by three or four years of freetrade. It is, in fact, a portion of the debt of the colony, but is being gradually liquidated. On the other hand, the opponents of the Government, as we shewed no later than yesterday, are doing their best to make out that there is an ab solute cash deficiency -? . of £3,000,000 due to Mr. Reid's fiscal policy, and it is this that compelled Mr. Carruthers last night once again to put the matter plainly forward, more especially, he pointed out, in view of the effect which the inisstatements of the Opposition may have upon the world, and particularly on the money world. It was this, too, no doubt, that induced Mr. Carruthers to enter into such detail- in order to show the sound condition of the couutiy-^-of its trade, its industries, i.nd its agricultural progress. He might have siaied these things less at length, but in his position and in' the circumstances, he was jus tified in not omitting a single figure or a single proof of their accuracy. It is not so long since, taking an example from something said in South Australia, we warned several gentle men who desire to attain ofliee by impressing upon the electors of New South Wales that their country has gone to the bad to the tune of £3,000,000 in four years, that not only were they wrong in trying to get tlieir own country men to take this view, but that they were per forming sorry work, which would depreciate the credit of the colony abroad. Warning of this kind to gentlemen whose only measure of patriotism is a desire to see Mr. Reid out of power, and themselves in, is not generally ef fectual, but the truth of our warning has been since proved, and compelled the Colonial .Trea surer to say much last night which lie other wise need not have been at the trouble of say ing. For the Budget Statement itself, it is satis factory to all freetraders that it does not alter our fiscal system in any way, or in the small est degree fulfil certain forebodings as to taxa tion through the Custom House. Indeed, to levy taxes through the Custom House now, in view of the necessary revenue tariff of the Commonwealth, would be suicidal, remember ing how New South Wales will be situated un der that tariff. The proposal to increase the probate duties is only in accord with what the Assembly has alrtefldy assented to, and, bereft of an accompanying proposal in regard to suc cession duties, should this time have the assent of' ihe Legislative Council. The establishment of a State Bank and the registration of foreign companies in New South Wales, together with the inception of a scheme for old age pensions, are all so many planks in a policy whieh, as we have said, should the Ministry appeal to the country, would tell largely in its favor. There are many patriots now sitting opposite the Co lonial Treasurer who would dearly like to reverse positions, l-ut few of them would care in their own constituencies to oppose a State Bank. In short, the Financial Statement, while it has fulfilled the Premier's promise of giving the Opposition an opportunity to test the strength of the Government, has also made the opportunity unpleasant for the Op position. There are only two courses open to gentlemen who form the patchwork party which at the moment these.words are being written is supposed to follow Mr. Barton. They can impeach the Ministry and support the contention that the debt of £3,000,000 is a creation of Miv'Eeid's. Even with the as sistance of the Auditor-General's repprt^thex. could scarcely hope for success in this di rection. Or they can. try a fall with the Min istry on the straight-out question of protec tion against freetrade. This would be some thing like raising a ghost in order to quarrel about its substance. The Opposition has got tue opportunity for. wliieh it has pro fessed to pant. Mr. 'Wise is now given the chance to carry out his threat/and make good his boast about sending the Government packing. It does aiot seem as if anything serious is likely to happen. . , 