THE BOSANCE OF THE GREYSTONES. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. CHAPTER XY.-A THRILLING By HARRIET ARNOLD. CONFESSION. When the countess -had been disposed x of, , urandal had sought Sir Noel, but did not ouccecd in getting speech with him until iLl'ter their return to Hoimhurst. When feir Noel stood smoking by the billiard-room window Aurandal came U> him and touched him on the arm. "Hallo!" said Eningdean, swinging round, "it's you at last-, Aurandal. 1 thought you were renewing yipur acquaintance this afternoon with • the countess. What id her present role? Did she tell • vo »v ,.,. , . , . . ., ^ es; a ti tled lady on a tour of the world, twie appears to be in very pros-; parous circumstances The estimable Sir James seems highly pleased with ner. Sne furies about your worthy fVAi^ ^ S' ou m A » sta 4?f- I told her Europe had become unbearable 1 ^Aw^d ^ t.WwJ^ ^ L ^ T v ? ^ r = ^ I a ! lj Arowdah ion know 1 washed my nands and conscience. I hope, of her long ago," said Erringdean in an annoyed tone. "And now, in your confounded cynicism, you renew the acquaintance which were far better forgotten, and will, perhaps, make things very unpleasant for ourselves by doing eo. 1 thought you had better sense." "Man is a child of circumstances; there! is no knowing what he will do," replied Aurandal in a quiet tone. "But you need not get warm over this meeting of old acquaintances. I did not tell her that you would be pleased to meet her, I can "as sure you." "I am glad of that. Good heavens! how can such a woman be taken oh trust in society here? The Mctatoshes are, when all told, eminently respectable people; and yet they become hosts and social sponsors tor a woman whose only credentials are a title, a pbefcty face, and a plausible tongue. The secret of it all is, she has a title; and these democratic colonists, hx>w die majority of them love a title. Bah!" "Yes; -you are right, and I should not wonder that the versatile lady whom we have under discussion makes a great thing out of the Melntoehes," was AurandaTs meditative rejoinder. "If we did our duty, Aurandal, we Should warn Gra&mne;'s friends of 4ihe woman wihotn they have domesticated in their family.". . -. "Well, we will not do ouir duty, mon frere. We have always—you and 1—given a beast a chance for his life," answered Aurandal. "Yes, we have," agreed Aurandal, "even an unclean beast, more especially the (perhaps) more dangerous female one; and if you—as 1 presume you did—gave the countess a {hint of what the consequence would be did she attempt to annoy us, we will not be in any danger of a fiasco with her." Aurandal laughed sUghtly; his dark face had a sardonic expression. "You are certainly giving me the benefit of our comradeship, Errhigdean. Does it not strike you that I could plead extenuating circumstances did the fact ever come out that the fair bang of whom we speak accompanied us as hostess on that China voyage nearly nine years ago, and madi. things very pleasant, too? You, of course, were host and I merely a guest on board. Eh! old man?" Erringdean took his agar from between his hps and held it in his left hand, with a look of incredulity and eurprise on his face as he listened to iiis friend's words. They struck him as containing a peculiar tinge of threatening defiance amid the banter. "Be assured, Aurandal," he answered quietly, "if ever my affairs become of sufficient interest! to any one to warrant actions of my earlier lite being questioned, and more particularly the affair you have just hinted at, I will not violate the laws that govern host and guest. I will be quite prepared to stand by the consequences of any act of mv life, good or evil; and, if ever I need a friend to stand by me, I am confident of one, my comrade Aurandal." As he ceased speaking he put out his right hand, and, aftur an imperceptible pause, Aurandal grasped it, with a better look on his face. "Yes, Erringdean," he said, "your comrade and your friend now as always. It will bode ill when men who nave stood side by side in time of peace and shoulder to shoulder in time of trouble, as we have, fall out. God forbid!" "God forbid!" echoed Erringdean. Tliec some other men came dropping into the billiard-room, and talk turned on racing and matters connected with it, so that it was early in the Sunday morning before tie last lights were out in Holmshurst. As Sir Noel lay thinking of his friend and hi* strangely expressed account of his meeting with the woman whom people called Countess Troffosky he confessed himself rather puzzled by Aurandal's manner His was a strange nature, as Erringdean well knew—a nature with great duptja. a 8 been i , .. L lo°«ing unlike himself lately, 'he pondered. "Depressed and gloomy, perhaps, in the midst of company; as he once said, he is lonely, and yearns for the old life on the opean and in the desert Well, if fortune is kind to me Valkyrie, J shall give Aurandai the Siren, and let him foLow out his desire for a wanderer's life. My dear love, Valkyrie my sweet earthly queen, sent -to me, as her namesakes of Val- ; f . \ ,rA la behe ^ v «4 by t;ue worshippers thcn ^ been worthier of her purity ani innocence. I understand now that from sweetheart and wife man must keep some secrets, must still house the ghosts, the pale «:™tk nt «... j ; * — 1, never realized till now how sweet and blest to man is a good woman's love. Tcmorrow Valkyrie has promised me an hour alone with her after dinner, and we shall settle all these doubts and fears then. She T^'C. , J ,." 1 ? ™ feH asleep. Some hours . an ° the^11 Thekla's.l, 1 - . - , , ' - - . — w . lth , h . er -, s do , u !? s -„ . , 'j% i " nd rl » auntie," " — with — her dark eyes Keenly into her aunfs, "Prince .j^ns met me at the r.h(> steps. kIptk He Fa was mi so m eorrv mfv. 1 tha . t were not there last night. Hi looted for vou m Grahame's bos; but, curiously enough, although you were not thers, | he saw a lady whom, I am sure, he knew, as he looked strangely annoved at sight of her. She was the Countess Trotfoskf, who is staying with the Mclntoshee. "Valkyrie," said Thekla, unsteadily,after a momentary hesitation, "I am going to fiPll you VOU something SIWIPt.niTKT that fVlnf may mfir miT-rn-i surprise you, and perhaps-make you rfirink from me. All day 1 have been striving to make up mv mind to do so. Whilst you listen to my story, dearest, ycu will remember that, although your aunt, I might in years be your sister. I was left, like you, early motherless. When you and Thorn went to the convent the madre and I travelled a great deal. About nine years ago' we: older than 55J!*' but ' 1 ^ Kke paused in painful emotion. Valkyrie drew her aunt's head down on hs breast, as a mother might a suffering fa child's. j "Go on, darling! I think I understand." the niece whispered gently. After a mo- ! meet, Thekla continued— ''We lingered -on at Monte Carlo for ' some months. Although the man I loved did not a=k_me to be his . wife, .. he could not rest away from me, and my heart had found first and only love. Well, at last we left there, and went to Paris. ' H e i followed us. One morning he called at an unusual hour, and, when I entered the salon, he spoke the words I had been longing to hear—he asked me to become his wife. He told me be had received a summons from the Czar to return at once to Bussia. He would also need to seek the Imperial sanction to his proposed marriage with me, a lady who was not of Royal blood, and his prayer would, he believed, be favourably received. Then he made a proposal .that at first repulsed me; but when he pleaded on his knees at my feet, and I looked into the noble face of the man I loved, my defence broke down. Ah, me! I live that scene over again day after day—it is ever with me. He was going on official business somewhere that morning—on State business—and he wore the colonel's uniform of a Russian cavalry regiment. He had never seemed so handsome, so irresistible before. Perhaps the thought of losing him made me think eo. However it may be, when he proposed that should be secretly married, and' that I should proceed to a little- visited castle of his in Russia, wheue he would be able to j join me 6ome time soon, after gaining the J Czar's sanction to our marriage, I scarcely objected to the suggestion. 'If all fails dearest," he said, 'and the Imperial consent j cannot be won, I will forfeit all my rigths ' and possessions, and we will go away and j spend our lives together in some foreign land—anything but go back alone and leave | you here.' Then he told me again how well fee loved me, and for how long he had been ; compelled, from urgent reasons, to hold his j Jove m check. How sure he was of gaining the l mperial permission! I had the ring which a Russian Empress had given to grandmother O'NeiL with the instruction « a without feaWehould^^TfLvour be required from the throne of Russia; but Boris did not know; he knew w but litf'l little "J of me- England wad to him an unknown country. 'I am so far removed from die reigning family,' he eaid, 'although of the sam? blood, that it cannot bear any political meaning whom I many; and oh, love! dear love! (kissing my hands) • in marrying " you I will have a queen for my wife.' I consented to what he proposed. I knew i what position I should be m as the una p. : knowiedged wife of a Russian Prince. BtilL , in act I would be innocent. The madre was taken into our confidence, bui would not give her sanction or approval of the secret marriage. Ultimately, X half-pleading with, half-defying, her, won her consent. She would keep my secret, and assist us in every way. I saw later that Boris had matured all his arrangements before" consulting me. When at last be strode away io attend the levee, it was all arranged that early on the., following week we should be married in a quiet Ohureb outside the city. He mentioned at parting that .there was some one to whom he wiehed to convey •tie happy news of his engagement to me. •'Boris and I were married at noon. That saute day he placed me in the. train, and accompanied qic to fromjisr Gitstion. Thai ire went different ways. He to the capital, and I, accompanied by ins courier, set out towards tbe castle. It was evening when the sledge passed through, the heavy towered gates of me park, surrounding a gloomy looking pile of buildings. Michael, tie courier, lifted me out of tbe sledge, and carried me into the great firelit hall, with its shadowy domed roof—lor I was half frozen. I was in my husband's home. The stupid, stolid-looking servants could not speak English; but old Ivan explained that rooms had been fitted up for me within the week by artisans seat expressly from Paris. "I was alone there for some weeks. The time dragged slowly away. My husband was at tiie Count of St. Petersburg, and wrote hopefully of accomplishing his misson. He was occupied with his duties, but soon he hoped to obtain his liberty .and come to me. Time went on.. I looked <mt across the white plains with their breaks of ragged, dark pine hills. I mid in my grand rooms, and walked through the conservatories. But I felt ill at ease; I scarce knew why. Pethaps a feeling of deception, in marrying privately made me fed so. Then I thought of my family. Should a public marriage be forbidden, what would Gecrge and you two girls think of me? I would be little more than " "Xo, auntie," interrupted Valkyrie, "we would never have thought you that." "Well," continued Ihelka, "weeks passed away. I had begun to feel nervous and distressed—oppressed . with, the terrible loneliness of my life. Boris wrote to say that he had been unexpectedly detained, time after time, but now, in a day or less, he hoped to be with me, and fetch good news. His loving letter cheered me, and when I placed it nest my heart, ah, me! it seemed to warm me through and through. I felt so happy that day, and played, and sang, and talked to the servants, who were not so stolid now. I had improved my knowledge of the Russian language. My love for Boris had .taught me a.-good deaf. Later in that day a.-courier canie "flying over tbe frozen ground with a message for Ivan. "The Prince was now on his way to Sroffsky. Soon the Prince's sledge, with its wild black horses, was careering away madly with Ivan to meet Boris at She terminus of the railway. . I was in a state of trembling agitation. All was well, I knew; tha Imperial sanction was assured. "0'h, love! dear love! bow slowly the hands of the clock creep on: each moment seems loth to pass away. Do you "wish, to keep my love from me? Oh, Time! pass quickly—pass quickly on. Hark! the ring of horses feet. I rush to the window. Boris can Itardly be bene yet; but it caa scarce be any one else. I cannot see the sledge; but it is he, of course.. Down the the great stone staircase I fly. There are no servants about. As t reach the middle cf the immense haH the huge doors are Sung back by 110 gentle hand, and—I am almost in the arms of a furious woman! I tried to draw away; tried to escape the wjrds that the. woman was hurling at me: but I could not. Oh, Valkyrie! Valkyrie? him* can I tell you? The woman who confronted me was Prince Boris's wife! . He had terribly deceived me in his love." (To be continued to-morrow.) 