DERBY HOSPITALITIES. According to anticipations, Derby day brought ou-t some of tho most striking gowns that have Ibccn seen this season. The wea ther In 'the early piirt of the daj 'bfcTmj ."jTiVria even to tartness, 'the nf rowns were 03 „s anything their wearers had In their wardrobes. Naturally this contributed towards -making -the scene one of exceptional brilliancy— n brilliancy -tbalt was still further enhanced by the number of bright colored parasols carried. The blue parasol seems the favorite for the -moment, and to be "to the swim" Its advocates are presumably con tent to sacrifice their personal appearance unreservedly. To the average -woman it is doubtful if anything could be found less be coming than the blue parasol. Of course Influenza got blamed for a great many dis tressed lo.oklog women on Saturday, while if the truth were told It was nothing but the prevalence of the blue parasol that was the matter with their personal appearance. Others who sacrificed comfort to fashion were those who had elected to wear the transparent yokes and sleeves we have hitherto heard of rather than seen. One lady to an effective black gown had her sleeves nnd yoke made of such line net as to be lifiUe more opaque than ordinary bat veiling. It was a palpable fact that from white her skin went -to -pink, and from pink -to n.red so warm in tone that It is Improbable that she will be able to don evening drcsa with any degree of comfort for some little t'me to come. A good deal of black and steel was worn — nne woman in a black gown with liorlzon'tal bandings of stool brn-ldcd net very closely resembling tin enormous purse of the old fashioned order — an effect that was con siderably heightened by a brilli-ahit "cuirass", boi't. Tlie attendance was quite up .to the Derby average, -though It was a noticeable fact that, while a very grcrit many visitors were to evidence, a very great inany . more faiailllai; .faces W'fiffhbSon-t. Needless to re-' mark, Influenza was accountable for the ma jority of the absentees. Several big lunches and teals, were given. Mrs. Percy Ciiirnsfde crttcrta-iired about GO guests alt luncheon, an other big paa'ty being given by Mrs. Wesley Ilall. Mr. II. Sargood and .the .Hon. J. Clarke also euteritaS-ned friends. Mrs..Govott and Mrs. Sylvester Browne gave the biggest teas, (the guests '.of eac'li .being- uo-inetlilug over 300 in number. There was not. a '"ghost of a show" for those w ho had neglected . 'to secure (tables adjacent to tlie carriage pail- dock very early . to 'the day. The .condition of -tjlicweather 'made'nl fresco . meals more of a necessity than . a luxury, and. "it"" vacant corner- wdB . available "mill or the vines" either alt ' touch or; afteruoon. tea. 