fflE (MUAL WEST. THE PEAK DOWNS DISTRICT. GORDON DOWNS. (By Our Special Commissioner.) Eleven miles from Capella, on the Cler- mont Railway, travelling across the downs due east, we come to the homestead of Gordon Downs Station. This station was portion of the large area acquired in the early sixties by the late Mr. Archer. Gor don Downs, containing 330 square miles, was sold by Mr. Archer to Mr. Gordon Sandeman. Subsequently the property passed into the hands of Messrs. Robert Townes and Co.: that firm afterwards sell- ing it to Mr. Smith Travers, who, in turn, sold out to Messrs. Condon [Conran] Brothers. In 1889 Gordon Downs was purchased by the present owners, the South Australian Land Mortgage, and Agency Company. The principal country comprising Gordon Downs is similar to that already described when referring to the other station proper- ties in the district — namely, open rolling downs, interspersed with patches of brigalow, myall, ti-tree, and bloodwood. There are, however, about 120 square miles of very dense brigalow scrub, and of this, 100 square miles is allowed as "unavailable," which means that the Lands Department does not demand rent for it. Of the original leasehold, 100 square miles have been resumed, of which 30,000 acres have been selected by grazing farmers. The balance of the resumption is more or less scrubby, and has no water-courses. Subterranean water has been prospected for to a depth of 00 ft. with no result. The company has a freehold on the station of 50,000 acres. The lease of the whole run not acquired as freehold expires nine years hence. The Nogoa River forms the south-eastern boundary of the run. The other water- courses which contribute towards the water supply are Crinum, Balcombe, and Gordonstone Creeks. There are permanent water-holes in these creeks. In addition there are about thirty wells, but only thirteen are used. These have windmills, storage tanks, and troughing. The windmills are built on the station, the castings only being procured from elsewhere. The old Althouse V;*^M mills, originally used, have been improved by a readjustment of the automatic gear. The sheep and cattle troughs are provided with ball valves, which regulate the quantity of water, and prevent overflowing. The entire holding is enclosed with a wire netting fence to stay the march of marsupials. The run is subdivided with wire fencing into paddocks varying from horse paddocks of 400 acres, to sheep and cattle enclosures of 40,000. The dwelling at the head station occupied by the manager, Mr. G. H. Stuart, is a rambling old fashioned structure, designed to provide a maximum of coolness. The building was originally shingled. When this roof showed signs of decay, galvanised iron was put over the shingles. The double roofing sustains an even temperature for the interior, while rendering the roof waterproof. At one time there was a good fruit garden fronting the house, but the white ants have had a dire effect on the trees. These pests appear to attack the roots of the trees at intervals. Vegetables can be grown well with the irrigation supplied from a well in the kitchen garden. Situated about a mile and half east of the homestead are the woolsheds and shear- ing board. The building is an ordinary wooden structure, containing accomodat- ion for forty shearers, with ample storage, wool press, and the usual accessories. Shear ing takes place twice a year, in June and September. Lambing is arranged to take place in the autumn. The lambs therefore merge into the general shearing in June of the following year. Shearing was in full swing during the writer's visit. The shearing machines have not as yet been introduced to Gordon Downs. The monotonous clip, clip, of the shearers with the hand shears contrasts badly with the smooth facility of the machine. When I arrived at the homestead I was informed that the manager. Mr. Stuart, had accompanied Mr. Dale, lay reader of the Church of England, to the shearing shed, where 'Mr. Dale intended to hold a service for the shearers and rouseabouts that night. I set out for the shed on foot ; and as "darkness was falling from the wings of night" I reach the bachelor's dining-room, a habitation constructed of brushwood. Messrs. Holden and Fleming, woolclasser and -"boss of the board" respectively, are here at tea. I am invited to the repast, and secure a seat at the festive board, on a round sapling raised on two forked posts. These structures are erected temporarily for shearing time. After tea we descend the hill to the shearers' quarters. Near the huts, there is a huge fire in the open air. The night is fros, and a crowd of men is gathered around the fire, some sitting on boxes, others on the ground, or standing with their back to the warmth, discussing shearing matters, or the chances of the several horses to be run at the shearers' races to be held on the morrow. Mr. Dale emerges from the gloom into the firelight, and dis- -tributes leaflets on which are printed popular hymns. The men are soon in silent perusal. For some minutes naught is heard save the cracking of the burning logs. Then solemnly the minister's voice is heard re- peating the first verse of the hymn "Onward Christian Soldiers.'' As if to signal the commencement of the service, the cook in the neighbouring galley set up a tre mendous clatter with the crockery and tin- ware. The impromptu choir was on its mettle, however. "'Onward Christian Sol diers" rolled from a score of lusty throats. No sound less than the booming of artillery could cope with the vocal power of a con tingent of robust shearers. The din of the cook's crockery accompaniment was lost in the volume of sound vibrating and echoing away in the clear chilly night. Mr. Dale told the men the old story of salvation, and discoursed eloquently re garding the respect the Deity entertained for the working man. One old shearer appeared absorbed in thought during the discourse. 'He was beard to mutter: "I like these bloomin' coves, I do : some of 'em is so fond of a workin' man they can sit all day an' watch 'im work.' It was a weird scene. The flames light ing np the surrounding timber created "bush ghosts of the night," to dance as if in glee amongst the shrubbery and bran ches of the trees. The hoot of the mope hawk and the wail of the distant dingo struck discordant notes with the tones of the minister. It was only when the choir got to work again that the awe-inspired shearers realised that they were not in spirit land. THE SHEEP. When the present company purchased the property, the sheep of Gordon Downs cut fleeces averaging not more than 3½ lb each. The company's managers therefore set themselves the task of improving the flock by the introduction of new blood. The celebrated merino stud flocks of Mr. C. B. Fisher, Ellengowan, Darling Downs were sought for this purpose, and merino rams of a strong combing type were placed among the Cordon Downs flocks. Persistent culling and careful husbanding of the better classed progeny of these rams was a feature of the management. There has evolved out of this introduction of supererior rams a class of sheep of excellent wool- producing quality, the maiden ewes re turning a fleece up to 6¾ lb, while wethers of a similar age cut fleeces 7½ lb in weight. The flock may now be considered as equal to anything in the district. Large purchases of western bred wethers are made periodically, and shorn on the station. Exchange of locality, Mr. Stuart says, seems to have a beneficial effect on the health of the sheep, and a corresponding improvement in the quality of the wool, which gains in quantity, lustre, and strength. Mr. Stuart is not an advocate of the use of salt among the flocks. He con tends that it is not a necessary expenditure, inasmuch as the Gordon Downs flocks are exceptionally healthy, and require no such stimulating power as is claimed for the use of salt. This is borne out, he says, by the low mortality among the flocks— namely, seven per cent. Gordon Downs turns off a goodly number of fat wethers annually, which is an evidence that the country is still adapted for fattening. THE CATTLE. The cattle herd numbers about 1000, exclusive of the stud beef. The breed is the Hereford. The original progenitors of the herd were brought from Durundur, Bris bane River, and from Mr. Loaders herd, New South Wales. Bulls are bred on Gordon Downs for the company's other stations in Queensland ; and also for sale. The Hereford appears to he gaining in favour among the cattlemen whose runs are apt to be effected seriously by drought. It is claimed for the Hereford that it has greater endurance and will travel farther for water. In some cases cattlemen say the Hereford has survived under very tiring circumistances occasioned by scarcity of feed and water, while another breed perished on far better country. All the young cattle are to be inoculated in an endeavour to render the bulls immune before being sent to a station where tick fever is known to exist. It is curious to note the varied effects on the several beasts where inoculation has been attempted. It has been found necessary in some instances to inoculate three times. In other cases one operation sets up a violent reaction. From the records kept at Gordon Downs it is found that five days after the operation, the temperature of the beast went up to 103.5 (the normal being 102). No further appreciable rise was no ticeab!e until the eleventh day after the operataon, when it rose to 104.8. The highest temperature was reached on the fourteenth day. The beast assumed its normal temperature five days after the highest point was reached. Mr. Stuart holds the opinion that the most reliable method of inoculation is to use blood (especially for bulls) of the most virulent character : that is blood from a beast suffering from fever in an acute form. Another strange fact has manifested itself in the experience of several cattlemen who have been making exhaustive experiments in inoculation. Several animal were operated upon with varying quantities of the fluid— namely, ½ c.c, 5 c.c, 10 c.c., and 30 cc. In all cases it was noticeable that the highest reaction was obtained by the animals which had received only the lowest grade of injection. Again. the blood taken from as animal which ex hibited thp full virulence of the tick fever three months previously would be perhaps worthless for inoculation purposes, and yet after a further period the blood taken from the same beast may again prove active. There is as yet a great mystery surrounding the whole question. The varying con ditions brought about by inoculation permit of no defined course being established to guide cattle owners in their efforts to mitigate the evils arising from tick fever. The scientists who have undertaken to ren der cattle immune by inoculation have to accomplish a task of some magnitude ere they arrive at a solution of the problem satisfactory to the owners of large herds. The horses seen on Gordon Downs appear to be well- bred animals of good action and endurance. They are of the Arab breed ; and from their performances at the shearers' races one is inclined to the opinion that some speedy horses for racing purposes will be shortly heard of from Gordon Downs. The present season has been an excep ionally good one in the neighbourhood. Grass is everywhere in abundance. The principal grasses are the blue, Flinders, vabbla, and spear grass. The latter is the woolgrower's bete noir. The remarkable penetrative power of the seeds is proved by their being found in a sheep's internal organs. .While green, the spear grass is excellent fodder for sheep and cattle. It is evident that while the large holdings re main it will be difficult to cope with the evils arising from spear grass. From a cursory examinatiation of The Peak Downs country, it becomes only too palpable that the spear grass is spreading. As far as this district is concerned, a menace to the wool industry is manifest by its presence. When the country is cut up into small holdings with still smaller paddocks, sheep and cattle can be grazed alternately on the spear grass with less direful effect on the sheep. 