Two Distinguished Exiles. Sometimes .yon will meet men who *ng np scenes that are of the past and \- almost forgotten. They bring tip old memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is bnt a short time ago that l saw Oakey TT^H, in London, and' what recollectaons of New York nnder Hie reign of Tweed , he bronght up I Tbose were ^reat days for Eaill, and foi men who were a great deal worse than , he. What ai fellow j of infinite jest be was, and what , a bright >epot he made the Mayor's office in New York some., twenty yesps sjgo. The older newspa- per men, politicians and men about town will long remember its .attractiveness. He would have been a rash man in those days who would havd'attemptedto prophecy the height in the temple o£fame to -which this brilliant and witty man might not climb. "What prpphet cbnld foresee that this gifted sad once popular man -was to, pass^the evening iofiis. life : practically in exile in a foreign land, leaving behind him on „ the field of his early tri« umphs nothing bat shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. - In a small cafe hi a-somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day 1 Baw another man who recalled a case the fame of-whioh was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried j in thongbt of a not pleasant character : and oblivious of ; his jEiarronndingB. He had an int€^ectual f^ioe, but on it there were deep lines' that told 'of past sufferings. His long hair was gray—prema-. turely gray. His shoulders were bent, and there was a moody, brooding look on his fade. Bnt . lie was evidently a toll man, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. ~ As he sat atthe table he looked like a strong man borne down by the memory of some, great sorrbw of tile past. : - Presently he. arose and walked out without looking to the right or; the left, and then I recognized him, 1 although it has been years since I saw fiim before. It was Theodore : Tilton, ' the ' once famous editor of the New York Independent But how ehanged. In 1 'the days, of his popularity, tall, arect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely ojd man.' He is " doing some sortof literary work here, but no one seems to know just what it is. I .could not. but^think, after seeing the man, ihsit the scandal in which this (nan's life was wrecked was more than Romero '.scandaL -B. was, in -fact, a ftragedy. ^The circle of the 4)MeX actors it 4 5® uaSEftiirBjg. ' *Hie : greatest tS flifitii IB dead, feo 'in oibhere,^ among #iem li B<)me of the lawyers and several "Mtoit^i*" One of the lawyers, Ben- JaanmJ?. Tracy, is in .the Cabinet of the President of the United States. Mrs.:Tiitonismore fortunately situated than her husband, for ahfe has the company and sympathy of her children.' Bnt Theodore Tilton haunts out-of- theway places in Paris, sedting neither friends. nor friendshipa^ a miserable : «nd broken man. — ' . • - 