The Boer in Warfare. BATTLE OF MAJUBA HILL. To learn from your enemies is a • inaxium which has lost none of its force down to the present day ; and it interests everyone amongst us to know whether the British army is in the hands of men who are cap ble of profiting by the lessons that from time to time are rudely administered to us by our foes. Most of us remember only too well the short lived English domination in the Transvaal during the latter part of the seventies, as well as the way in which misfortune seemed to dog the steps of those whose shoul ders fell upon the burden of up holding it there. We had found the country in a bankrupt condition and had restored its finances , we had found it threatened by the formidable Zulu monarch, with his army of 50,000 fighting savages, . thoroughly drilled and in a state of high military efficiency. After a desperate struggle,1'in which we suffered some very severe losses, \- .including the battle oft Isandula, ] vr defenders slaughtered,' ' the British arms finally achieved 1 a complete but bard won triumpb. We had broken tbe power of Cete-. wayo, and dispersed .his regiment of! ' celibate man destory ing g lad iators,' to use the phase in which Sir Bartle Frere once described his justly dreaded impis. Subsequently, in tbe Transvaal itself, we had over thrown Secocoeni, a powerful native chief, who had successfully defied the Boer Government; while enter prising British traders had supplied an abundance of excellent sporting rifles to the people of the country, who earned not a little money by shooting down the game with them. In brief, we had removed one by one every obstacle to a revolt on the part of the emigrant famers who made up the bulk of tbe popu lation of the Transvaal outside the towns. The revolt followed, as might have been expected. It broke out in the month of December, 1880, during the warm summer of the southern hemisphere, and it came to an end with tbe peace that was concluded after the disastrous battle of Majuba Mountain on 26th Feb ruary, 1881. Tbe tale of misfor tune begins with tbe affair of Bronkerspruit in December. The 94th Regiment, forming a partof tbe British garrison of the Transvaal, had been ordered to concentrate at Pretoria, and was on tbe march thither. ' No actual fighting had as : yet taken place ; but the Boers f had held a mass meeting^ proclaimed \- a republic, and announced that they were going to begin. At Bronker spruit they laid a carefully prepared ambush along the road by which the 94th were advancing, and awaited their victims. The British colonel had been warned to look out for traps; but, as far as can ! now be known, he had no idea that these sharp shooting farmers were really in earnest, and he failed to profit by the warning. The 94th were strung out for half a mile along the road ; the weather was hot, and many of the soldiers had put their rifles in the waggons; in short, the march was conducted as if in a time of profound peace. At a certain spot the long column was halted by a Boer patrol. There was a brief colloquy between the coloneKand the Boers ; they ordered him to go back and be refused, Nobody seems to have noticed the j ambushed riflemen, or to have observed the little heaps of stones with which these skilled hunters of wild game, old hands at shooting over the bare veldt, had thought fully marked out beforehand at 100, 150 and 200 yards, their exact dis tance from their intended targets. The Boer rifles cracked, and in 20 minutes all the officers and half the British troops were shot down, and the rest were made prisoners: the loss on the side of the farmers was almost nil. As a Western American crudely observed, it was a case of a lot of first-class frontiersmen taking! in a crowd of tenderfeet out of the ■■ -, ■■ lesson that in ihe face of apbssibleenemy a soldier must never be off his guard. After the Bronkerspruit disaster the whole country was up. All the British garrisons in the Transvaal were beleaguered by the Boers, and one garrison Potchefstroom, was known both by them and Sir George Pomeroy Col ley the general in command in Natal, to be short of provisions. Colley gallantly deter mined to cut his way if. possible, and relieve it. He knew well enough that ere long an army from overseas must be sent to retrieve the honor of the British arms; hut he was also aware that it must inevitably arrive too late to save Potchefstroom. The Boers" had occupied Laing's Nek, the pass leading into the Transvaal from Natal; and, with a' small British force he had at his command, he hoped to be able to dislodge them and clear the road. General Gol ley was considered to be one of the very best officers in the British army. He had had some experience in actual fighting in China, and he bad exhibited extraordinary skill and courage and resource in the very difficult task of organizing the transport in the A>hanfci campaign. He certainly could not be called a novice in war. But unfortunately there was one thing of which all his previous experience bad taught him nothing, and that was how to fight against good shots armed with modern breechloaders. : On 29th January, 1S81, Colley ' moved upon Laing's Nek with abouli 1100 men and 6 guns. The j force of Boers opposed to him is ! said by Alfred Aylward, who ap- i pears to have acted as their military ! secretary, to have numbered 1437, under Generals Joubert and Smidt. The Boers had no guns, and dreaded artillery fire more than anything else; accordingly, they dug out dummy trenches in soft ground on a conspicuous part of the Nek, and then judiciously disposed themselves in safety elsewhere. Colley's guns opened fire at a mile and a half, and appear to have principally occupied I themselves in shelling the empty trenches, as, according to Alfred Ayl ward, no one was hurt or even -frightened' by tfae cannonade. It : be noted 'that Alfred Aly ward's figures are not contradicted by Sir William Butler in the "Life of »Sir George Colley," which he has recently published; and, indeed, with reference to this particular action, General Colley himself deplores the ineffectiveness of his artiilery practice in one of the letters printed by his biographer. Posting the naval brigade, with the rocket apparatus and some of the 60th Rilles, in an enclosed ground, where they were under cover, and keeping about half his force in reserve, Colley despatched five companies of the 58th Regiment, numbering 480 bayonets, together J with about 100 mounted men, to assault the lelt of the Boer lines. In broad daylight, the foot advanced in column of companies across the t open ground and up the hill, against nearly thrice their own number of the best shots in the world, who were under cover and armed with good modern rifles. The charge of the Dervish host at Gmdurman was not so gallant or so futile. In a few minutes the handful of mounted men were scattered, and one third of the 28th lay dead or wounded on that bloody slope. The survivors drew off, re-formed the shattered lines behind the 60th Rifles, and retired in good order. The Boer loss is said to have been two. It was magnificant, but it was not war. It proved, if any proof were needed, that for infantry in column to charge in broad daylight works thus strongly Keld"Ly resolute men who can handle breech-loaders is to court ruin and disaster. ' After Laing's Nek the exultant Boers threatened Colley's communi cations, and on 8th February he sailed out from his camp at Mount Prospect to clear the road in the rear. This time he took with him five companies of the 60th Rifles— who .being in reserve had not been cut up at the Laing's Nek—and four guns, together with 38 mounted men. A few miles from camp he left a half company and two guns to guard the drifts of the Ingogo River, and a mile or two further on he encountered a strong party of Boers. With a confidence begotten of their easy victory at Laing's Nek, the Boers did not wait to be attacked, but, without hesitation assumed the offence. Colley took up a position on a flat topped hill and stood on his defence, having now about 300 men and two guns with him. According to Alfred Aylward, the Boer patrol numbered 167\. The Boers took cover all round the hill, and a prolonged rifle duel ensued between the two forces. Avoiding the British tactics at Laing's Nek, the conditions of which were exactly reversed upon this occasion, the Boer refrained from any attempt to take the hill by direct assault in a body; but as independent sharpshooters tbey kept up an incessant rifle fire until near nightfall. In accuracy of shooting, and in the skill with which■ 4;hey sheltered" themselves, they proved to be superior to the defenders.of the hill, they drew off] at last with a loss of 12 killed and 14 wounded, but the defenders had actually lost six times as many. The sbarpshooting skirmishers bad put no less than half the force they were attacking hors de combat. After the withdrawl of the Boers, Colley, whose horses were nearly all killed, with great difficulty succeeded in saving the guns, dotted all over as they were with the splashes of the Boer bullets; and, by a desperate night march, he regained his camp under cover of darkness with the remnant of his forces. England had to learn by bitter experience that valour without good shooting is but a waste of the lives of her bravest sons. The spirit and stanchness of the British troops were admirable; and Colley's own letters warmly acknowledge the fact. But as shots they were completely outclassed. Reinforcements now began to arrive. Colley's force at the front, which had suffered so heavily in these two engagements, was strengthened by tbe arrival of the 92nd Highlanders, fresh from their victories in Afghanistan ; and with them he resumed the offensive. This time he decided to avoid making a direct attempt on Laing's -Nek, Coifey bad promised the survivors of the 58th to give them another chance of trying conclusions with their opponents; and to seize Majuba he took with him a force composed of three companies of the 92nd, two of the 58th, and two of the 60tb, supplemented as before by a naval contingent. By a skil ful and daring march, on the night of 25th February, he occupied, without opposition, this post of vantage, which appeared to him impregnable. " We could stay here for ever," he remarked to his chief of staff when daylight revealed the nature of the ground on which they 1 stood ; and he sat down in fancied security to hold it till further reinforcements should arrive, in tending then to make* with their aid a combined movement against the Nek. But unfortunately for Colley, the position he had seized was not so strong as he had ima gined. The, Majuba Mountain •was what Western-Americans would call a belted mesa; it was a flat topped or rather a . saucer-topped height, with a belt of perpendicular cliff running round it a little below \ the summit, broken only here and ; there by a few gullies, through j which access to the summit might! be gaind from the lower -slopes, j These lower slopes were steep, and j the upper parts of them were screened from view from the sum- ) mit by being below the belt of cliff ! which looked so formidable to the I eye. Technically speaking, they j were " dead" ground. j In bis fancied security, Colley j omitted to fortify his position, the j very error which two years before j had led to the disaster of Isandula. j He allowed his staff to distribute ' most of his men around the rim of j the saucer-shaped basin, where they ; contented themselves with piling j up little heaps of stones to lie down : behind. £ Oh, it's all right sir; it's ! good enough for what we shall j want up here," said a Highlander j confidently to an observer who ! suggested that such a protection j was hardly sufficient; and against; a distant enemy perhaps the man j was right. The idea of the Boers j even attempting to take such a j position by storm appeared pre-1 posterous. j Alas! it was not so preposterous j as it seemed. As soon as daylight revealed to the force holding Laing's I Nek that their flank was threatened j they began indeed to prepare to j they determined also before re- i treating to try the effect of a direct i assault upon Majuba. According j to the account given by general Sir ! William Butler, some of the High- « landers showed themselves boldly on the sky-line in the morning light, shaking their fists definately at the hostile camp, which lay 2000 feet below, and of which they j could now see every detail. " Come 1 up here, you beggars," they cried; j and if Alfred Aylward may be , trusted, 223 Boers accepted the j invitation. Part of the Boer as- j saiiants took cover at once with j their usual skill, and opened a long i range tire on the summit of Majuba. ! This fire did but little execution, though a single shot at 900 yards ; mortally wounded the brave ; Romilly, commander of the naval : contingent. But, generally speak- j ing, the defenders of the hill took good care not to expose themselves , unnecessarily to the marksmanship of. the Boers with the result that ■ the actual loss inflicted by the long j range fire was small. Though the j Boers kept it up incessantly all the ; long summer's morning, scarcely ! anvone except poor Romily was j touched. I Nevertheless, the Boers were not j throwing away their powder for ! nothing. They succeeded in their t < of com pelting tffe defenders ,.f" the hill to keep closely under sh'^ter, and prevented th'eni from observing what happened on the slopes below the encircling girdle of cliff. Protected thus by the fire of their companions;, small parties of Boers were creeping as stealthily as deer stalkers over wide spaces of the'mountain side, where the cliff ; wall above screened them both from 1 the sight and from the fire of the , defenders. Sir William Butler gives i an excellent map, shaded so as to j exhibit clearly the " dead" portions j of the hillside, across which these < experienced hunters made their way I unobserved. So stealthy and so : cautious were they that they took the whole morning over their stalk ; but their caution and skill were crowned with perfect success. At one part of the circumference of Majuba there is a little outlying kopje, or peak, which is really the key of the position. With unerring instinct one of the Boer leaders made for this point. According tg Sir William Butler, he had abdfit 60 men with him ; and when he arrived quite near it, with bis party still undiscovered, he detected a picket of several soldiers, who were standing in an exposed posi tion unconscious of the near neigh bourhood of their foes. The Boer leader ordered a number of his men to hold their rifles at the " present," .step back out of cover, and fire a rapid vol ley. The manoeuvre was carefully executed ; the whole picket was clean swept away, and in a few minutes more the Boers had got the key of the position in their hands. By this success they had turned the left of the British troops, who were holding the north ern face of the rim, and took them in the flank. The troops thus sud denly surprised fell back from the rim, and immediately other- parties of Boers rushed up by another gap, and seized the abandoned posi tions. Practically Majuba was was taken by surprise. Till the enemy were actually on the top the general and his staff never dreamed that they could lose the hill. But, once established on the summit, the rapid and accurate fire of the Boers' swept away the de fenders. It seems as if no provi sion had been made for the un expected contingency of the hill being stormed ; no second line of defence had been provided, and such reserves asexi^e^wgre either not really or could nop be gbt into place at the critical moment,; and a general sauve qui peut followed;! It is a scene that one does not care to think about. Colley, endeavour ing to rally bis broken lines, de spairingly fronted the hailstorm of bullets that mowed down his men, and fell with his face to the foe. Nearly half the British force were killed, wounded or made prisoners. The Boer losses are given by Sir ; William Butler at six, of whom j only one was killed. Here indeed is a lesson to every commander to secure his weak point. Like every other post of vantage, Majuba Hill had its- vulnerable spot, and that spot < was neither sufficiently fortified or I guarded. There is one other matter that should be mentioned. The ab surdidly small loss inflicted on the men who stormed Majuba would be incredible but for -one reason. It has been already observed that the fiie which covered the stealthy , advance of the stormers was all at long range. The British soldiers replying to it fired also at the same range; nor need we be surprised that, against an enemy so skilled in selecting sheltered positions, their fire did not effect much. But, as it was a long- range duel, they were of course compelled to raise the sights of their Martinis set to 500 and 600 yards elevation ; but the stormers were at point blank dis tance. Consequently, the volleys fired at close quarters by the de fenders of the hill went harmlessly -«ver-tfee--heads-oL4lierr assailants. Proof of this was found in the hundreds of rifles picked up by the victors after the action was over, ail of which by their account, had the long range sights raised. So we may add yet another lesson, and that is the necessity of perfect; fire control on the part of the officer immediately in charge of the firing ! line. The best aimed volleys fired < without strict attention to the re- ' gulation of the sighting are only i too likely to waste themselves in j empty air. With Majuba hostilities came to a standstill. That well i equipped army, indeed, for which j Colley bad hoped, arrived in South i Africa after his fall, but it was : not allowed to retrieve the tarnished ' glory of the British arms. For j good or for evil, a peace was made, ! which doubtless seemed to be honourable and satisfactory to those who were responsible for it, believ ing as they did that to continue the war would involve us in the sin of blood guiltiness. However the remote consequence of our actions are far often other than what we expect; and many and bloody battles we have fought since then in Egypt and the Soudan, down to the recent conquest at Khartoum, may be traced to the loss of prestige that unquestionably followed the disasters in South Africa. The belief that the power of England might be defied with impunity emboldened Arabi Pasha to head a military revolt against our protege, the Khedive at Cairo. He was woefully undeceived by the crushing British (victory at Tel-el Kebir in 1882, the very next year after Majuba. The lessons taught in South Africa had been laid to heart. True, at Tel-el-Kebir works held by riflemen were assaulted by infantry in the front; but the in fantry were brought close up to their objective under cover of night; and it was known that the Arabists were no such marksmen as the Boers. And now it was the Ara bist rifles that were picked up in hundreds after the victory, sighted for an idle long range fire by the express orders of their leader; while it was a British regi ment that attacked in rushes, halt ing every 50 yards to tire volleys at a stated range fixed by their musketry instructor. One dare not say that the mistakes made in South Africa will never be repeated. To err is human; and we have j high authority for saying that he > is th«- best general who makes fewest blunders. But it becomes possible to look forward hopefully"' to the future if our leaders show j that they do not despisa the lessons j of experience. The late campaign ! in the Soudan would seems to in- j dicate that these have at last ! has been laid to heart and the result | been in gratifying contrast to the ■ failures of 1881. Failures they were, and the fact must be acknow ledged ; yet in speaking of th?m we would guard ourselves from using any language that my seem to reflect upon the devoted men who on field after field have laid down their lives in the service of tbeir country. As the thought of the lonely graves that mark their last resting place rises before the mind, one seems to behold the pallid line of ghosts, the victims of the war god: Slowly comes a shadowy train, Souls of warriors brave in vain. It was not all in vain they fought and fell, if those who come after them have striven, under happier auspices to surpass them In skill -and' not to fall short of them in valour. -T. B. Townshend, in Oh am ber's Journal. 