COMPLETE STOKY. [fcbliehed bt .srEcui Anr-ixamzxT.] THE QUEEN'S HAND WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author of u Scribes and Pharisees," "Whoso Tuidcth a Wife," " A Secret Service," '' The Da j of Tcxnptatiou,?' Arc., &c.; [corYL-ioirr.] ENTERED th Silent Kingdom six years ago. Praisokc to Allah, whom tho weight of ' a pearl upon tbo earth docs not es cape. May prayer and salvation be with tho master of tho first and lost, our .Lord Mohomet. Of a verity have I been blessed with blessings abundant, and enveloped by the cloak of bis protection. The adven tures which have befallen me through forty years of Bedouin life are many and diverse, but none so astounding us those I encountered when in search of that mysterious phantom of tho Soudan, the Fatassi. "We, the desert pirates of tho tribe Ennitrn, dreaded from the Tinghcrt even to the white city of the Sultan of Sokoio. had left the marshes beside Lake Chad after pillaging u great caravan from the- north, and were moving eastward, across tho stem sterile desert in tho direction of Gao, or Kou-Kou. as it is popularly known among us, where wo could dispose of our stolen merchaudise. For mouths we had travelled across that immensity of red-brown sands, where tho very birds loso themselves, our camels often stumbling upon eomo skull, tibia, or even an entire skeleton, the remains of bygone genera tions of travellers who had peri: bed ou those lonely wastes. Tho sun blazed fiercely in the flaming sky, -- the lips were parched and cmckod, and tho mouth filled by the cver whirlinfrsand. All the water webadwa* warm, and having been in the skins for many days was full of worms. A scaly viper occa sionally crossed our route, and at long in tervals tho swift flight of an antelope was seen. For days, months, nothing had rejoiced our eyes oave the * deceitful vision of the mirage, until ono evening we decided upon a three days' halt for rest. On the previous day our vision had been gladdened by sight of a small well, where wo had refilled our water-skins; therefore, we were enabled to take our ease,'although, being in an entirely unfamiliar country, the watchfulness of our sentries was never for a fiinarle instant relinquished. "We were travel ling with the sun only as our guide, therefore knew not into what territory wo had entered, save that it was as barren and inhospitable a region as it has ever been our lot to encounter —a shadowless land of solitude, abandon ment, and miserj'. . In our raid upon the caravan near Lake \- Chad a bundle of papers had coma into our possession, and these had been handed to mc as being a scholar and able to speak the tongue of tho Franks, hut travelling con stantly I had not had either time or incliua \- tioa to examine them. That night, however, alone in my tent, I untied and spread them • out. Most of them, including a kind cf diary. \- were written in the language of ihcRourais, *. and as somo boredhe image of the Liberty of .the Franks I concluded that they must have belonged to some Zouave ofiiccr in the northern : region of the desert who had probably perished ;in an attempt to penetrate south. \- One paper, however, the last I took up, ,was written in my own tongue, and I read it • eagerly. It wus an official letter dated from the Ministry of War in Paris, urging its recipient to secure, if possible, during his explorations, tlm far-fumed Fatassi of Koti, ; as the French Government were extremely 'anxious to obtain possession of it, and by that I letter offered to pay any sheikh or tribesman [ ft large sum of money in exchange for it. ' I put the letter down, smiled, nud resumed my pipe. The Franks are, indeed, a strange ^ people. Having conquered ua in Algeria ■■ they believed themselves musters of the world. : . The hapless explorer, whoever ho may have | been, had probably died, and certainly.bis hopes would never be realised, for tho Fatassi y of the learned marabout Koti was the phau -I' torn book of tho Soudau. Thero was not a ^ clansman in tho whole of tho Great Desert • -."who.did not know .all about that priceless v volume, yet no one had over seen it. It had ;: been lost to the world lor ages. t ' Mohamon Koti, the learned Arab scholar, • . who lived at Jenne, near Timbuktu, in tho year 860 of the Hegira, was the most esteemed and even tyrannical councillor of our nnecs tor, its powerful Sultan. According to, tho story common among us his authority is said to have originated thus. Tho king one day distributed some dried .dates to his court, and ICoti, who had recently arrived, was overlooked. Shortly afterwards the learned councillor assembled a number of people, and to them distributed fresh dates. This miracle—for wo have no • frc*b dates in this region of the fur south— ■ having reached tho HuILuj'h cars, ho dis owned that upon Koti was set the Divine jr seal, and from that moment gave him alibis | Confidence. A few years Iat«r the m-irulout .•.^.edited a history of tho great kingdoms of Ganata, Songhoi, and Timbuktu, the only history of those once all-powerfnl centres of a civilisation now decayed and forgotten. Families since grown rich and powerful and the chiefs of various countries were shown to be of very humblo origin, ofttimcs being the offspring of slaves. But while the bonk was being written news was conveyed to the Sultan of Jenne that the Sorighois had revolted and had combined with tho great natiru of 3Iossi to attack and cap ture its capital; therefore, iu order t.o save his great store of treasure, he at once had it made up into single camel load.-1, taken out of the city, and secreted in raiiuus distant spots oa the confines of his empire. In these circum stances it became necessary, of course, to keep a strict and minute indication of each s»pot where the wealth of the capital was con cealed, in order that it might bo recovered after tbe war, therefore Ivoti was ordered to inscribe in his book directions how to unearth the great store of gold nnd gems, the spoils of tho wars of four centuries. This, ac cording to our book the Tarik c Soudan he did, and the precious manuscript was given into the Sultan's own keeping. Ero one moon had waned, however, the learned historian died suddenly at Tmdinna, where a little white mosque-like liou^e marks his grave to this day. It is supposed that he was poisoued by order of the Sultan, so that he should not divulgo the whereabouts of the secreted treasure. The war was afterwards fought, proving disastrous to the Sultan, who was compelled to fly, and, it is believed, was afterwards treacherously murdered, as rulers were apt to be iu those turbulent days. But the priceless volume nnd guide to the enor mous treasure of ancient Jenne and Timbuktu became lost to all. For nearly five centuries the recovery of the Fatassi lias been the dream of rich and poor alike throughout the Soudan. The scholar coveted it because it wonld shed so much light upon the obscure past of these vast regions; the camel-driver, the merchant, nnd the prince alike desired to possess it for the information it was known to contain regard ing the long-lost wealth. It was because or ihe latter that our con querors. the French, desired to obtain it. But theirs, like xny own, was a vain desire. A whole moon passed, and still we pressed forward towards Gao, ever in the crimson track of ilie dying day. One night, however, when the camp was asleep, the guards raised the alarm, bnt so suddenly were wc attacked that we scarce had time to defend ourselves against the desperate onslaught by a column of French Spahis who had awept down upon u3. It was a mad, terrible rush. Although our tribesmen fought valiantly and well, it was impossible to withstand the frightful hail i of bullets poured upou upon us by a medium - 1 cal gun which spat forth lead in deadly showers. Our men, seeing the havoc wrought by this devilish weapon, turned and fled. Fortunately the poison-wind had sprung up, and its clouds of sand caunot be fucod by men of the uorth ; therefore we were enabled to escape, although unfortunately compelled to leave the greater part of the stolen camels and mcrchuudise iu their posses As in the confusion I caught a horse, sprang upon it and rode into the blinding sandstorm for my life, I heard the dull thud of the horses' hoofs of my pursuers. From the noise there must have "been a score of so of thera, anxious no doubt to secure a marauder I feared by all the caravans. But I swift as the wind itself I galloped on alone J the greater part of the hot, stifling night, until pulling up, dismounting, and placing mv car to the ground, I could detect no sound of pursuit. At last X had by the Narrowest escape evaded tho red-humoused men of the north, whose chief delight is to shoot us down like dogs. In the glimmering twilight, as night gave place to dawn, I saw before me a huge dark rock rising from the ocean of sand shaped like a camel's hump, and riniug onward I tethered my horse beneath it and flung myself down to snatch an hour's sleep ere the snu rose, in tending to go forth again and rejoin my scattered tribesmen. How long mine eyes were closed Allah alone knowcth, but when I opened them I j found myself lying upon u pauther's skin in a | darkened chamber, my cars filled with tho j noise of runuing wat.r, The place was j cooled by the stream, and in the dim recess of the room I could distinguish rich divans. Suspended from tho roof was a fine Moorish lamp of chased brass which shed a soft yellow light, while from the perfuming-pau was diffused tho intoxicating odour of attar of rose. The light was soft and restful after the accustomed desert glare, and in wonder I rubbed ray eyea aud gazed about me. "Allah give thee peace, 0 stranger 1" o thin voice croaked, and, glancing quickly behind me, I beheld a wizened-faced man, small of statnre, dressed in a robe of bright blue silk, and so bent by age that his white beard uhirist swept the ground. Notwith standing his veuerablo appearance, however, liis fuce was dark and forbidding, and his small black piercing eyes, that time had not dimmed, had a glint of evil in them. Instinctively, ere wo had exchanged a dozen words, I distrusted him. "To whose hospitality do I owe the rest and repose I have enjoyed?" I in quired, slowly rising to my feet and stretching mv cramped limb-. "My name," the old man answered, "is Batonba. I discovered thco sleeping iu tho sun outside this my dwelling-place, and brought thee in, for the ravs had smitten thee with'a grievous sickness, and thou wert on the point of death. Thou hast remained my :uest those twelve days," " Twelve days 1" I cried with incredulity, at the same moment feeling my head reeling j as though J had drunk the palm wine of the ' pa-rms." Then to thee I owo my lifer" j The hideous old man in blue griuued with satisfaction, regarding me with a strOnge covert glance. By this time my eyes had grown accustomed to the semi-darkness, and I saw that the chamber was a natural one—a kind of arched cavern, the floor of which had been levelled; and a cbanucl formed for the cool spring that babbled forth and rippled away into gloomy depths. •* This thy dwelling is beneath the surface of the earth," I observed, glancing around me in curiosity. " Why dweliest thou here in secret ? " " The true Arab answercth not the ques tions of u robber of the Ennitra," ho replied. tious c ith a sneering accentuation on the* final word. "Allah hath sent thee as my guest; partake of all that I have, bat seek no expla nation of who, or of what I am." He evidently recognised that X was a free booter of the dreaded Ennitra, but his strange words puzzled me. First, I had no idea that such a luxurious abode could exist in the ceutre of that wild, inhospitable region to which I had penetrated; secondly, the very fact pointed to the conclusion that in my flight I had approached near a town; but, thirdly, I had already proof positive that my ugly ho>t, the man who declared he had saved my life, lied to me. At the well where we hud flUed our water skins on the day before the light I had plucked a sprig of jasmine, and placed a tiny piece behind my car beneath the white baick wound about my head. This I recollected, jind taking it in my hand, found it still limp and undricd. By that alone I knew I had not been there many hours, and that his .story was fal^e. I suggested that I should soon be reluc tantly compelled to leave, but at once he became more profuse in bis hospitality. "No, not yet," ho protested. 44] alone, save for my slaves, and thy companion ship i< pleasant. Remain, and I wiu show thee over this, my hidden dwelling-place. It may interest thee," and taking down a torch he lit it and led the way across a tiny bridge that spanned the running' water, then opening a low* door in the rock couductod me through several intricate passages, narrow and dark, until we came to a series of caverns of various sizes, the roofs of hanging stalac tites, the walls hang with rich silkcu hang ings, and the floors covered by bcantiful carpets from tbe East. Over each the great lamp of filigree shed a soft light, showing how rich and costly were the antique tables of inlaid pearl and silver, and how wide and soft were the divans. In each the thin blue smoke curling upward from the golden perfuming pan gave forth a delicious odour, and in one I noticed, lying discarded, a pair of tiny green slippers em broidered with sced-pcarls, and a jinkra, one of those little two-stringed guitars, fashioned from a tortoise shell, both of which objects betrayed the presence of a woman. When we hail passed through half a dozen similar chambers in the solid rock the old man, croaking as he went, stopped suddenly at the farther end of tbe last and most gorgeous of all his subterranean domain, and with a grim expression on his evil face said : " And this is the dreaded gate of the Kingdom of Darkness, whence none return," I started, and drew hick. Throughout the desert there has been for all time a legend thnt sotnowbom thpr»> thn nntmnre* to the dreaded Kingdom of Hawiyat, where Eb2;sreigucth. He opened wide the email door, but there! was only a darkness impenetrable and an! odonr of damp earth. Holding- his torch i alofr, he crossed the threshold and bade me peer in. Thou I di-tinguished a few spans from where he stood a yawning noisome chasm opening to the very bowels of the earth. '•Hearken 1?* he cried in his squeaking uncanny voice, at the same lime returning into the room aud snatching up from one of the coffee stools a large metal dish, which an instant later be hnrlcd into the dark abyss. [ I listened to ascertain its depth, but no sound came back. I shuddered, for I knew it was unfathomable. As he faced rae in closing the door I de tected in his keen eyes a strauge exultant look, and was seized by a sudden desire to ascend once again to the light of day. True, I could have crushed the life out of him as easily as I could crush a viper bcucath zuy heel, while in my sash was still my keen jambiyah, that curved kuifc which a score of times had tasted the life-blood of mine enemies. Vet he had not harmed me, and to kill one's host is for bidden by our Koran. Therefore I stayed my hand. As wc retraced our steps he poured upon me nauseating adalation, declaring me to be the most valiant freebooter in the Great Desert, aud usiug themost extravagant simile of which the Arab tongue is capable, a fact which in itself filled me with increased sus picion. Suddenly, as we reached the chamber where flowed the cooling spring, tho truth became instantly plain. As he opened the door two officers of the French in linen gar ments aud white helmets, who had been apparently lying in wait, pounced upon me, uttering loud cries of triumph. Tho old white-bearded recluse—may Allah hum his vitals with tho fire unquenchable— hud betrayed mo. He had held nie, and sent word to tho infidels to come and capture their prize. But in an instant I, upon whose head a price was set, drew my blade and defended myself, slashing vigorously right and left, succeeding at last iu escaping down the dark winding passage wc had just traversed. For ward, I dashed 'through room after room, upsetting some of the tables in my mad rush, torbehiud uio were tho white-faced officers with drawn swords, determined to take me alivo or dead. kVcll I kuow how desperate thev were, and in that instant believed myself lost. Yet, determined to soil my life dearly, it flashed across my mind that rather than suffer the ignominy of being taken in cbuinv to Atiriers. the iufidel city, aud there tried by the tribunal, ag others had been, I would cast myself to the fathomless pit. I sprang towards tho small door, hut at first could not open it. In a fet? seconds the crafty Batonba, with the two Frenchmen, had gained the spot, but I had already gained the door and thrown it open. Then, just as they put out their hands to seize me I swung aside, lifted my knife, and struck my evil faced betrayer full to the heart. With a piercing shriek he fell forward over the threshold, and his liWeas body rolled down into the awful chasm, while at the same instnut I gave a bound, and with a cry of defiance, leaped headlong down into the darkness after him. I felt myself rushing throngh air, the wind whistling into my cars as deep down I went like a stone into the inpenctrnble gloom. Each second seemed an hour, until of a sudden a blow on the back knocked me insensible, and I found myself an instant later wallow ing ism bed of thick soft dost. At that moment it occurred to mo that be cause of tliis carpet of the dust of ages deadened the sound of all tilings pitched into the chasm, the belief had naturally arisen that it was unfathomable. I rote, but sank again to the knees in the dry soft dost which, stirred by my fall, now half choked me. Far above, looking distant like a star, I raw the light of a torch. My infidel pursers were peering into the fearsome place in chagrin that I had evaded them. The air, however, was hot and foul, and I knew that to save my life I must be moving. Therefore, with both hands outstretched I groped about, amazed to discover the great extent of this natural cleft iu the earth, formed undoubtedly by some earthquake in a remote ago. Ouce I stumbled, and bending, felt at my feet tho stiil wurni body of my betrayer may Eblis rend him. I drew ray jambiyah from his breast, and replaced it in its sheath. Then, tearing from his body the silken gauze which formed his girdle. I fashioned from it a torch, igniting it after some difficulty with my steel. Around me was only an appalling darkness, and I feared to te>t the extent of the place by shouting, lest my pursuers above should hear. So for ward 1 toiled in a straight line, floundering at every step in the dust until the cleft narrowed and became tunncl-likc. with a ; hard floor. I stooped to feel and was as* j toonded to discover that the rock had appar j ratly been worn smooth and hollow either by | a watercourse, now dry, or by the tramp of ! many feet. I Besides, the air had become distinctly fresher, and this fact renewed courage within me. At first I felt myself doomed to die like a fox in a trap, but hope was re-awakened within me, and there might after all, I thought, be some outlet. Of a sudden, however, my eyes were startled at beholding a colossal female figure seated on a kind of stool, with features so hideous and repulsive that I drew back with an involuntary cry. It was a score times as high as myself, and as I held my torch above my head to examine it, I saw it was of some whhesemi-trausparent stone the like of which I had never before witnessed. The robes were coloured scarlet and bright blue and the face and hands were crudely tiuted to re semble life. One hand was outstretched. On the brow was a chaplct of wonderful magnificent pearls, and on the colossal fingers, each as thick as my own wrist, were massive golden rings which sparkled with emeralds and diamonds. But the sinister grinning coun tenance uas'indeed that of a hick-priestess of Eblis. I had entered the Silent Kingdom! 1 j Amazed, I held my breath and gazed about j : rae. Around the sides cf the cavern were; 'ranged many other smaller female figures' i seated, like the central one, the face of each I bearing a hideous repulsive grin, as if in | mockery of my misfortunes. Before the great! central colossus was a small triangular stone i altar, upon which was some object. Icrossed' and glanced at it, found to my dismay that it was a beautiful and very ancient illuminated manuscript of our holy Koran. Bat through I it had been thrust n poignanl, now red with rust, and it had been torn, slashed, aud other wise defiled. Then it dawned up me. This noisome place into which I had plunged was the temple of that ancient accursed sect who worshipped Eblis as their god. As I gazed wonderingly about me I saw everywhere evidence that for ages no foot of man had entered that silent chamber. The dust of centuries lay smooth and untrodden. Again I passed beneath the ponderous feet of the gigantic statue, when suddenly ray eyes were attracted by an inscription in Kufie, the ancient writings of the marabouts, traced in geometrical design upon the hem of the idol?s garments. My torch had burned dim, so I lit another, and by its flickering rays succeeded in deciphering the followiug words: " Lo I 1 am Azour, wife of Eblis and the Queen of all Things Beneath the Earth. To me all bow, for I hold its riches in the hollow of my baud." I glanced up quickly, and there far above, I distinguished that in the idol's ooen palm there lay some object which the fickle name of my torch could not reveal. But, consumed by curiosity. I at once resolved to clamber up and ascertain what riches lay there. With extreme difficulty, and holding my flambeau in my left hand, I managed at* length to reach tho platform formed by the knees of the figure, aud then scrambled up the breast und along the outstretched arm. On mounting the latter I was dismayed to discover that the object for whieb I had toiled was neither gold, silver, nor gems, but merely a browu and mouldy parchment scroll. Stauuing at last upon the open hand I bent and picked it up, but next instant I recognised that my find was of priceless value. Ere 1 had road three lines of the beautifully-farmed but sadly-failed Arabic characters X kuew that this scroll wa none other than the long-sought manuscript of the Fatu^i, the mysterious phantom book. Ages ago it had evidently fallen into the hands of the accursed worshippers of Eblis, and they had placed it there because it was a key to die enormous wealth of buried treasure. With raj find beneath my burnhouse I at once descended, eager to discover some means of escape from that weird and gloomy cavern peopled by its hideous ghosts of a pagan past; In frantic haste I sought means of exit from that temple where so many rites, hideous and horrible, bad been practised, but not until many hours had elapsed did I succeed iu finding a narrow barrow which, leading as it did out into a barren ravine in the desert, bad once no doubt been used as entrance to the secret place of worship of that now forgotten sect who believed not in the One Merciful, out iu Eblis, and Azour his nany days I succeeded in rejoining my people at a spot four monies from Gao, bearing hidden beneath my robe the priceless history of my ancestor?, with its minute instructions for the recovery of their hidden treasure. At this moment the Fatassi, traced by the hands of Koti, the marabout, and so long coveted by the French, is in my possession, though only to two of my tribesmen have I imparted the secret that I have recovered it. At one spot indicated I have already sought secretly, and not in vain. To seek, however, to unearth the treasure of our ancestors at present would be worse than useless, for our conquerors would at once despoil us. But when the holy war has bjen fought against the infidels, and more peaceful day* dawn in the Soudan, then wili the secret treasure house be opened, and the now despised Ennitra become a power in the land, because of the inexhaustible riches left to them by thtir valiant ancestors for the re- establish mentor their !onn*"o«: kingdom. Until then they posse>s themselves in patience and trust in the One. To thee, 0 reader of this my Tank of toil and tumult, peace. 