SPIRITUALISM. To tb« Editor nf "The Herald.' Sir.— I think a closer investigation would prove that thozo who tako up spiritualism a a religion In Melbourne bnvo drifted away from true religion, and afterwards Hrek out running devices, trying to delude others and make them hclluvn a lie. Thu editor of an English monthly magazine invited opinions from famous writers on spiritualism. Sir Walter Be-'aut declined to Btute his views ot length, as he said that It was a subject peculiarly open to the greatest fraud- and protrusions. Mr Rcnsmun had no further experience of tills uncanny world than to say ho Interrogated a carrier who professed to having seen ft real ghost. This carrier's business toulc him through a lonely him three nights In tho week. Mr B. found the carrier rocrultlnff ut tho Whcatsheaf Inn, and, being a thirsty soul, tho carrier volunteered to tell nit he know If Mr B. could afford hint the means of drinking bis health. The currier was closely questioned, and when Ida tongue was loosened by more ale, confessed that he had seen things more wonderful than ghoris. rats, and snake, nnd curious beetles of unoluftlled orders. In other wnrds. Ids perennial thirst had given him two touches of his Interesting complaint with dipsomania. The carrier pro pose!) to Mr 11. thut thoy should go antl heard tho ghost In Uio bine, hut tho author left tho carrier to tils alc-straincd rellectlonn. The moral of this Riory is that a dlspusslonatu analysis of spirit manifestations pads to dlaip- polntment as nt Fltzroy. Another famous author writes to thu editor, saying that If there bo anything in It outside the realms of science. It U something bcuenth Ufa notice of man. contouring silly, and perhaps mlschlovous. or. Khali wo say. devilish. These spirits prattle hi InfantRo language; they glaro nt one Inanely: they are without heart and rnrjBclcnce. Tho manifestations which takn place at the most gcnulnn of thrro seances do not edify, for they seem to me to proceed from that which is nnUhcr gefcd nor Intelligent The above are tbo opinions of intellectual men, and truo to tho letter of these.— I nni. etc.. CHARLATANS. 