SNAPSHOTS. MAINLY ABOUT THE 'BULLETIN,' 'D,' AND AMY CASTLES. In Sydney Thuth of Sunday, 2nd instant appeared an unsparing and ungrammatical notice of the Amy . Castles concerts at the Town Hall. After taking nearly a column to express in incoherent language, and if contradictory terms, its opinion that Miss Castles has no bouI and cannot sing, Tivuth was good enough to entertain its readers with an entirely wrone version of a little quarrel which should have been left to the Bulletin and yours truly to settle in a friendly or a ferocious manner — it doesn't ' matter which. The Bulletin is at all times able 1 to look after itself. Tkuth not beingsure on the point went out of its way to give the red-covered fighting paper a helping hand- The helping hand — or is it a leg?:— ??The Sydney debut of this young lady was, how ever, remarkable for one very extraordinary thing in the volte face for which the Freeman's Journal was responsible (sic). Sydney Bulletin was not dis posed to accept holus bolus all the eulogistic things the Melbourne press had said of her, and some what ridiculed the idea that she was at once a great artiste, and already entitled to be called ♦the new Melba,' preferring to wait and judge for itself. This caution brought the Freeman down on the Bulletin's head, which was pelted with all sorts of hard words and nasty sneers, while it was openly charged with decrying Miss Castles and her musical talents because she was a Catholic. To say the least this was a most unjust accusation, for . if there be any one paper more than another in Sydney which has not allowed religious bias to influence its opinion it is the Bulletin. Now, a criticism of Miss Castles' Sydney debut appears in the Freeman, and it is printed over the same lonely looking little initial which was attached to all the fiery diatribes against the Bulletin. And what do we find ? The most trenchant (not to say trucu lent) criticism to which the youthful singer has been subjected. Occasionally it is really nasty. . Instance, 'The Bendigo girl gave, in a manner (unfortunately) all her own, ''Home, Sweet Home.' She is not one of Nature's singers ! Nature has been niggard in supplying musical senti ment and musical instinct.' That is vigorous in condemnation surely; and yet the Bulletin's desire to adopt the Yankee attitude, ? Hold your hosse?,' w&s; most violently attacked. Now, why this change of front ! Truth thinks the Freeman critic was cruellv unjust in attacking the Bulletin as it (sio) did. We will therefore not fall into the same error by alleging that the reason for the lonely-looking initial's somersault is due to the . fact that someone wished to sing with Miss Castles, but couldn't sing, or would not be allowed to sing. Truth will not urge any such reasan ; ? it will only wonder. But while Truth wonders it must admit that the Freeman's criticism is by far the ablest that has appeared. It is the only critique which has been published concerning the young singer enabling those who were not present to arrive at a just estimate of her abilities and the probable . height to which she will rise in the musical world,' , o o o ; . To begin at the beginning. Early in April I had 'word from Melbourne that a brilliant young singer, ;.:? a Bendigo girl, was to be 'launched.' About the ,, same time preliminary notices of Amy Castles ap peared in the Bulletin and in some ?? soeiety' /.papers. Miss Castles made her debut in the Mel bourne Town Hall on Saturday, April 8. The hall . ,) was crowded and the enthusiasm, the local papers ; : sftid, was unprecedented. In u Snap Shots' of the following week (April 15) I put up a heading. 'The ?( New. Melba,' and ' on information received joy ,;iously chronicled the extraordinary success of the i.ne'W; singer. With the Melbourne dailies before me, . fi and with the Freeman's Melbourne correspondent going into ecstacies over the 'gifted and modest little convent-schcol girl,' I was in all reasonable m ness led to believe tnat a great voice, u not a great singer, had been discovered. The Mebourne Age ? devoted nearly a column to Miss Castles. The judgment of the Age in a nutshell : 'A genuine dramatic soprano — voice full and resonant, smooth and round — she enters fully into the spirit of what she is doing, and sings not only with taste and ex pression, but also with abundant spirit and nerve, and never deviates from corroctness of pitch by a fraction of a shade — she has already acquired con tsiderable technical control over her beautiful vorgan.' The Age predicted that the young Victo , rian would in a few years 'climb to the highest ? - pinnacle of artistic fame,' and be acclaimed one of the greatest singers of the day. The conservative and rarely-enthusiastic Argus acknowledged that the new singer had 'a phenomenal voice,' and that her success could not be made a question. o o o What more natural, what more in accordance with ' sweet consistency,' than the arousing of a sympathetic feeling, carrying with it a keen and sensible pleasure, in one who for twenty years on the Sydney press had stood up as an Australian and as a writer of musical criticisms for the recog nition of 'colonial talent' ? The Age and Akgus, in addition to the concert notices, had leading articles on Amy Castles, articles running over with praise and all aglow with optimistic predictions. No voice was raised in public or, so far as I had the means to know, in private against the ' booming' of Amy Castles. Yea, there was one voice, the voice of the Bulletin's Melbourne correspondent. This correspondent, whos.e prejudice in regard to Catholics and everything Catholic had been the sub ject of comment by those in the best positions to speak with correctness of judgment, opened fire on the young aspirant — then an applicant, so to speak, for public charity, for in her poverty she was then asking for money to enable her to go to Europe and ' complete her musical education,' as the Mel bourne papers put it. A young girl, admittedly, but poorly trained in singing, was before the public — not a ' star' full of conceits and affectations. In a case of this sort the vote of the public, if taken, would be in favour of kindly treatment. Yet, as the possibilities of Miss Castles developing into one of the world's greatest singers — outrivalling Melba and Patti, Calve and Nordica — had been set up, a genuine criticism, written by a competent critic, however harsh or merciless that criticism, would have commanded serious attention. But the Bul letin man, confessing himself 'a mere Goth' stand ing outside the pale of musical knowledge, ' an ignorant brute' (to use his own phrase) in matters musical, rudely attacked the girl, and ridiculed in coarsest manner, not the girl's own vocal preten sions — these were never declared — but the praises of her ' wonderful voice,' with which Melbourne was ringing. Here, said I, must surely be the Devil's Advocate in one of his meanest employ ments. ooo The Bulletin's Melbourne man, April 15 : — ' Musical experts are always seeking outlets for their enthusiasm, a-nd they are all open to receive a new pupil. The present writer is a mere Goth, haunted by recollections of previous future Melbas and Crossleys, wrose ' wonderful' promises haven't been fulfilled, therefore this scribe will swear to nothing re Miss Amy Castles, except that her pro digious self-confidence doesn't indicate what Sven gali called ' the artist nature.' Miss Regina Nagel's nervousness was much more promising. The Goth is told Miss CastleB will be 18 next birthday, and he presumes that her mother hasn't lost count of one or two years, but he reckons that the young lady's childishness begins in her loose hair and ter minates round the hem of her short frock. At the age of 18 she is seemingly a little woman of unro bust appearance. She sings with a big, round voice, which is quite likely to lose some of its music in course of education, but is not very likely to develop more feeling. If a full, round, voice doesn't thrill one, the power to thrill is, pre sumably, lacking. This unbelieving scribe has heard Miss Castles sing ? Q,ui la voce' in a room and at the Town Hall, and no chord came from the soul of her vocal organ to enter into his. Therefore, he assumes that either he or the damsel in the juvenile frock hasn't a soul, and he considers himself an ignorant brute anyhow.' ooo More Bulletin man— more personal, more imper tinent, and more aggressive than at first : — Mius Amy Castles, the Bendigo warbler, presented to Melbourne audiences in loose hair and a rather short frock, was born at Chapel-street, Melbourne, in July, 1880, says the register. This comes rather rough on the enthusiastic ecribe3ses (including a Bulletin scribess) who put Miss Amy's age down as 17, and gave her credit for looking two years younger, which she certainly doesn't. It is even rougher on the A ge musical critic who told the public to think of the little woman as a ' growing girl,' with a great operatic career before her. Amy Castles, according to the Age man, may he expected to develop into another Tietjens. The present writer, having a lively recollection of the famous 148t (or more) prima-donna pouring volumes of music from her mighty chest, would like to know whether the Age critic ever saw and heard Tietjens, and, if so, whether he would like to with draw the comparison, now that he knows little Miss Amy to be ' rising 19 '? Both she and her voice are full-grown. The size of her voice has been over stated to the same extent that her age has been under-stated, but any further argument against the Castles boom were a mere waste of time. At her second concert the girl's voice was very hoarse through overwork ; the consciousness of failure made her nervous, and she got out of tune, but the crowded audience, for the most part, accepted Amy's performance as wonderful — ' wonderful for a child,1' anyhow — and next morning's newspapers credited her with another legitimate triumph, &c.; Hoarser and hoarser still she sang at other places within the next few days, and the public took her voice at newspaper valuation every time. Then a wise patron rushed upon the scene and wrung from the damsel a solemn promise not to sing any more, in public or private, until some farewell benefit concerts fall due, Her ' wonderful ' voice was putting a terrible strain on public credulity when the benefit-promoter came along and persuaded Miss Amy to preserve a diplomatic silence. — Bulletin, April 29. O 0 0 Another specimen : — ' Amy Castles, whose Tuesday concert drew a second crovvd and who was applauded and blar neyed to the top of her bent when she sang at St. Vincent's Fair, is a product of Carlton (where the fool 'beaks' come from), transplanted to Bendigo four years ago. In private life the warbler is a naive, countryfisd chit. On the eve of her Town Hall debut, she seemed chiefly concerned lest her feet should look big in the white shoes prescribed for the occasion by a feminine board of advice. Ma Castles, one hears, wastes no love on certain doubt ing Thomases of the Metropolis, who persistently credit the 17-year-old Amy aforesaid with having tasted her 20th birthday-cake. ' Things are come to a pretty pass,' complains the fond parent in question, 'when 'bits of boys' down-face a mother about the age of her own offspring'!' ' — Bulletin, April 22. ooo Again the Bulletin : — Already the ' discoverers' of Amy Castle3 have moderated their transports concerning her voice, and have begun to express doubts about her qualifi cations, physical and mental, for a great Career, The damsel has thrown off the authority of her first patronesses — Mrs. Doubleday and Mrs. 'Bob' Best — who worked like niggers to bring her into notice when there was little prospect of a ' boom,' and she is now being managed by Messrs. L. L. Lewis and Mars Buckley, under Guvmentouse patronage. Wherefore Mrs. D. and Mrs. B. made scornful re marks. The latter energetic lady, having spent three weeks in cab-riding around Melbourne, preach-, ing the gospel of Castles to everyone she knew, is not unnaturally annoved to find herself ' left out in the cold, with hardly a word of thanks for her pains.' Mrs. Doubleday's grievance is tempered by the reflection that although ' pa' Castles gave all credit for his daughter's success to Allan and Co., it was she, and not Allan's, who ran the con certs and drew the receipts. All the same, she feels heartily disgusted at the turn affairs have taken, Meanwhile there is some question as to the genuineness of little Miss Amy's allegiance to the new people who are planning a farewell boom for her. Amidst the din one hears a whisper to the effect that when the proceeds of the farewell concert have been raked in the damsel will trip into a Vic torian convent to complete her education— Bulle- tin, April 29. ooo It was at this stage that I. in the interests of de:ency, straightforward journalism, and fair play, intervened, The measure of the girl's merit as a voice-owner or as a singer, I was not in the position to estimate. She was being attacked in what ap peared to me a very cowardly manner by a power ful paper. Having reasonable suspicions, streng thened by evidences in cold, print, that the attacks appearing in the Bulletin were partly, if not ' wholly, the outcome of anti- Catholic narrowness and feminine ill-will— a mean-spirited plot to 'down' a talented young Australian, as it seemed to me — I stepped in. No high-toned chivalr y about it — an act of common manliness, nothing more. While defending the girl, I did did not surrender my right to criticise: Amy . Castles as a singer as fully and as freely as I pleased when she came to Sydney. ooo Under the heading 'Mainly About Bogus Bene fits and Neglect of Australian Talent,' the folio w-^ ing appeared in ' Snap Shots,' May 6 : — ' One particular evil of the bogus benefit in Sydney is that young Australian talent is ignored,' while fossilized English and foreign ? deadbeats' are kept before the public gaze. In Melbourne they manage these things much better. ? Ths enthusiasm over Amy Castles would be impossible in Sydney. The Bulletin, which knows less about music and singing than a j'ellow dog of Constantinople knows about moral ethics and public decency, has set itself the honourable and chivalrous task of ' crushing' the undeniably gifted and modest girl who, a few weeks ago, by the beauty of her voice, captured and \- - - — - ??- . ? ., ' ? '__ ? — . ? captivated the city of Melbourne. In three succes sive issues the Bulletin, which circulates, so it. is said, as largely in Melbourne as it does in Sydney, has personally attacked little Miss Amy Castles, has ridiculed her claims to recognition, and has invented ' reasons' why the public should not admire, en courage, and support her. The latest, and let us hope the last, effort of the Bulletin is in the direc tion of stirring up sectarian prejudice. As I have stated in this column, Miss Castles is a Catholic. She was educated by the nuns in Bendigo, and many of her best friends in Melbourne are Catho lic?. The Bulletin, with the undisguised object of damping public enthusiasm, and of influencing public feeling and public patronage to the young singer's disadvantage, raises the false alarm that ' after her farewell concerts Miss Castles will gather in the proceeds and retire to a Victorian con vent.' The Bulletin, having its headquarters in Sydney, may set up the plea that without knowing anything' about Miss Castles or about voices or about singing, it has allowed itself to be used by people in Melbourne, who are maliciously plotting against a young Australian — by women, in all pro bability, who are conspiring to ruin the ' new Melba' s' prospects as a singer, If the Bulletin does not plead guilty to malice, it must throw itself on the mercy of the Court for repeated acts of cul pable carelessness disclosing astonishing looseness of editorial supervision and control. Happily the continued attacks of the Bulletin, instead of undermining, have strengthened the public move ment to send Miss Castles to Europe. The succesa of her benefit concert in Melbourne is assured, and with the aid of Bendigo and Ballarat the £1500 re quired to send the little lady ' Home' in first-class style for three years' study, under a first-clasa master, should be made up without difficulty.' oo o This was not a defence of an artist who had been assailed, but a plea for the fair treatment of a girl who, while trying to raise funds to go to Europe a9 a student, was receiving what had all the bai look of brutal ill-usage at the hands of the Bulletin. As I had not heard Miss Castles, I did not cross blades with the Bullktin over any points of musical criticism — musical criticism there was none in the Bulletin worth speaking, much less fighting, about; 0 0 0 On June 3 (having meantime kept up its attacks on Miss Castles) the Bulletin 'replied' to my remarks. My charges were evaded, and the Bul letin contented itself with graceless allusions to the ' howls of the rampageous Freeman's Journal.' In the article under notice the Bulletin asserted that it had merely published 'pure truth' and ' honest record' about Amy Castles. The Bulle tin's ideas about pure truth and honest record v/ers illustrated in the columns of extracts published by me on June 10. In ' Snap Shots' of that date I found it necessary to show that my criticism of the Bulletin's aggressive attitude towards Miss A.my Castles was wrongly phrased and falsely presented. ? By the use of a bogus quotation I was described as ' accusing the Bulletin of insulting little Miss Amy Castles and her modesty.' No such weak and pointless 'accusation' appeared in the Fueeman. The 'modesty' of Miss Castles, as I remarked, was neither here nor there. The Freeman held no briei! to defend the 'modesty' of Miss Castles. The Free man protested, as any paper in Australia had the right, to protest,, against what appeared to be a female conspiracy (backed by the Bulletin) to ruin a young Australian singer. . The Bulletin was accused of allowing itself to be made the medium of malicious personal attacks on Miss Amy Castles. The attacks were quite outside the range of news I paper criticism—the repeated sneers at the girl's age, the sustained ridicule of her,ybcal pretensions, and the coarse comments on her figure, her dress, her ' unrobust appearance,' her defective education, her inability to write a commonplace letter, and her manner on. and off the concert platform. ooo Above all, I condemned the introduction of sec tarianism into the business. Was it to help or to harm Miss Castles that the Bulletin printed the absolutely false statement that the young singer would, after ' spoiling the enemy ' and fleecing the heretics, so to speak, retire to a Victorian convent with her big bag of gold ? Was it to help or harm Miss Castles, that the Bulletin week after week gave publicity to the unwomanly sneers and despic ably petty stories of sorre well-known Melbourne ladies, whose efforts in the direction of bringing about the downfall of Miss Castles were as trans parently vindictive as they were contemptible. The Bulletin allowed itself to be used as the mouth piece of these 'lady friends ' of Miss Castles. oo o In the case against the Bulletin made out by me, and published on June 10 (using the Bulle tin's own matter), I touched very lightly on the anti-Catholic side of the opposition to Miss Castles. Here are my words : — ' As to the sectarianism imported into the busi ness by the Bulletin, we leave our readers to judge on the evidence placed before them. We think our readers and the Bulletin readers will admit tha', the rebuke was well merited.' O O 0 In return for this considerateness the Bulletin, Jutia 17, taking advantage of a bit of pardonable pride on the part of the Freeman's Melbourne cor respondent, published the following : — 'Sydney Freeman's Journal has got the Castles fever very badly indeed. It straightly insinuates that the recent cabling of accounts of Melba's suc cesses are due to what she has heard of * her new rival.' Whatever Miss Castles' pretensions may be worth, such imbecile drivel as this can do her no good; and, as for the preposterous assumption that the Bull-etin cares twopence whether the young lady is Catholic or Protestant or Calithumpian, it is only necessary to point out that, had Miss Castles not happened to be of the true believers, the Bulle tin or any other paper might have criticized her as it pleased' without the ghost of a yelp from i^alig nant sectarianism.' 0 0 0 The Bulletin, in the same gracious mood, June 24:— 'Rev. Father Robinson, the adviser of Amy Castles, is the boss showman of the Vie. R- C. Church. For the last year or two he has been ?lecturing with limelight views around the country. One great help to the Amy Castles boom was that every concert was announced from the altar in the chief Melb. It. C. Churches and the congregation urged to go.' o o o Father Robinson's oSence, from the Bulletin's standpoint, is that he rescued Miss Castles from her 'discoverers.' The 'discoverers,' certain big hearted ladies, had then given two concerts at the Melbourne Town Hall. On both occasions the place was packed, yet till Father Robinson exerted him self on. Miss Castles' behalf there was no word about the singer's share of the large profits. So the game might have gone on to the present time. oo o From April 8 till June 2i the Freeman week after week helped to 'boom' Amy Castles. The Free man, accepting the verdict of the Melbourne press as trustworthy, brought the ' boom' over here, so to speak, from. Melbourne. This was in accordance ?with the Freeman's broad policy of supporting everything good that is Australian, and of always warmly encouraging 'one of our own' when talent, pluck, or perseverance merits recognition. I did not, and the Frebman did not, 'take up' Miss Castles because she was a Catholic. No considera tion of religion influenced the Freeman when it so largely helped to establish the claims of Miss Ada Crossley and Miss Florence Schmidt — two talented Protestant Australians. It is not going too far to say that but for the Freeman's critic neither Mips Crossley nor Miss Schmidt would be now in Europe! When Barton M'Guckin, the artist tenor — 'a good Protestant' — was unfairly attacked by one of the Sydney dailies the Catholic Freeman, and the Freeman only, came to his defence, oo o 'When Amy Castles appeared in Sydney she had £2000 at her backhand was no longer in need of sympathetic friends. Her enemies had done their worst. In my case the time had arrived for the friend to step aside and give place to the critic. What was written by me was straight, honest opinion. I have no apologies to offer. 1). 