Parramatta District Synod Chairman's Address, Delivered at the opening of the Synod at Penrith. My Dear Brethren, — It seems a very short time since we assembled in our first District Synod in Parramatta ; and now through the kind invitation of the good friends of Penrith, we are met together to hold our Annual District Assembly in this Methodistically historic town. If our hosts appreciate the honour of this important visit (as they appear to do), they may be sure that we in return entertain a lively sense of their kindness in assuming this responsibility, and in making such admirable arrangements for our personal comfort and for the due discharge of the business that has brought us together. It is not usually expected of the Chairman that he shall deliver an address on the opening of the District Synod, but I will ask your indulgence while I present a few thoughts that are pertinent to this occasion, and may be helpful to us both in the sessions of tnis oynoa ana in our woik generally. The tendency in England at the present time is decidedly in the direction of investing the District Synods with an increasing measure of importance To their functions as administrative bodies and as courts of review, there is being added the highly desirable seizing of an opportunity for brotherly consulta tion and free discussion on important aspects of Church life and work. As iron sharpeneth iron, so the counten avina r\f a. man f.Viaf. r\f Vila -fVian/l ? anrl if in addition to the undoubtedly pleasant fraternal fellowship that is a feature of our country Synods especially we can add the free and stimulating inter change of thought on matters per taining to the progress of the Gospel generally, and to our own share in that work particularly, the advantage will be mutual and permanent. I cannot refrain, on this interesting occasion, from referring to the fact that it was within the bounds of the circuit we are now assembled in that the first Wesleyan church in the Southern Hemisphere was erected. Castlereagh, as a locality, will ever have an undying interest for Australasian Methodists, and John Lees as the pioneer church builder of these southern lands will always be honoured wherever those who love our Church are assembled together. In the diary of the^Kev. Samuel Leigh, we find the following interesting entry with regard to the opening of the pioneer church and its patriotic donor. ' On the 7th October, 1817, I opened a chapel at Castlereagh, built and given to the mission by Mr. John Lees. While I stood and looked at the people coming in carts, from various quarters and remote distances, I was reminded of the scriptural figure of ' doves flying to their windows ' and of the American camp meetings. The place was soon filled with attentive hearers. I addressed them from ' The Lord hath done great things for us 1 whereof ..we are glad.' After the public 1 service in the evening, the people were : unwilling to leave the place, so we held : a prayer-meeting ; and truly Jacob's i God was with us.' Mr. Leigh's ; biographer goes on to say : ' At tbe close of these services, John Lees said : ' I have not yet done my duty ; having made some provision for the worship of God I must now contribute something towards supplying the building with the ministry of God's word. I cannot, at present, give money, but I will give one acre of my best land. I will plough it, sow it, reap it, thresh it and sell the produce, and you shall have whatever it brings, without any deduction. The ixiiBsiuuuiiy iiuutt uiio huu ui me vruutwr a chain, aud the farmer the other, and they measured off the devoted acre. After devoting the produce of this acre for several years to the mission he observed, ' It was a fortunate thing for me that I gave you that acre of land, for since that time my neighbours have all observed that my wheat has grown thicker and stronger than theirs.' Further reflection on this interesting historical incident need not here be indulged in, save to say that happy it would be for the church and for the farming community as well, if in this agricultural district the godly example of John Lees in thus setting apart a part of his best land as literally a God s acre were more generally adopted. Circuit debts would disappear and the farmers themselves would be the richer in all that makes life truly wealthy. So far as this District is concerned, we have not suffered during the year in the death or disablement of any of our ministerial staff. But we have been deeply impressed with the unexpected and untimely thinning of the ranks in other districts in the passing away of the Rev. A. J. Webb and the Eev. C. W. Graham. These brethen were com paratively young, full of vigour and promise ; enthusiastic in their work, and beloved of the people. Now they rest from their labours, and their works do follow them. We sympathise deeply with their sorrowing relatives ; and pledge ourselves anew to the service of Him who only hath immortality, and who has committed to us a dispensation nf TTIc linlv fi-nanal Tn vaxMaTvinnr1 fVin period since the last Conference, and from the standpoint we peculiarly occupy, the most outstanding feature is probably the successful inauguration of the Cen tury Commemoration Fund. Into the spiritual and fiuancial purposes of this great Commemoration, ministers and people have entered with commendable enthusiasm and generosity. The oc casion is one that should kindle imagina t.inn nvnvnkfi crrnf.if-.nrlfl n.tirl ovp.ita liberality. It reminds us of the struggles and successes of the past ; it bids us look with Christian eyes upon the conditions and responsibilities of the present ; and it opens out to us the vista of the future, and challenges us to be ready to occupy that future for Christ and the highest interests of the Com monwealth. Methodism the world over is a unity. There is a solidarity and spiritual fellowship within its borders that makes its movements in any one part of the world an object of interest in every other part where Methodism exists. This Century Com memoration movement is at once a result and proof of this. It is a matter for more than denominational thankful ness that the appeal this Fund makes is being so nobly responded to throughout universal Methodism. Christian en thusiasm and consecrated generosity are not lost arts ; and there is no doubt that the success of this movement will mark the beginning of a new and nobler era in the evolution of Modern Christianity. But it is to be feared that even yet we are far in the rear of some of the splendid outbursts of liberality that have characterised the Church in the days gone by. We think of the wonderful response to the appeal of Moses on the part of the Israelites in the Wilderness, when in gold, silver, brass, and in the furnishing of the tabernacle, there was contributed an offering estimated at a million sterling in value. We think, too, of David, who in his trouble (or out 9 of his poverty) prepared with all his fit might for the house of his God the gold H for things to be made of gold, and the Bg silver for things of silver, and the braBs Bf for thing of brass, the iron for things oi 9 iron, and wood for things of wood ; onyx H stones and stones to be set, glistering 9 stones, aud of divers colours, and all H manner of precious stones, and marble ? stones in abundance. We are told that M in England the great success of the ? Twentieth Century Fund is deepening I the connexional life of our churches, B promoting brotherly unity, and B creating a spirit of hope and ? courage beyond anything ever before B known in the Old Country. This B is good hearing, and we trust the S same results will accrue from our E more modest Century Commemoration fl Fund in New South Wales. Looking » out upon the state of our Church in this M land generally, we are safe in asserting 9 that one of the needs of the present 9 time — one of our greatest needs — is a E more earnest and intelligent conception fl of the duties and responsibilities of H church life. We cannot for a moment M allow the claims of Romanism and fi High Anglicanism to an exclusive n possession of Apostolic Succession, a But we are in danger of oversighting the 1 fact that if our Church is related to the 1 are blessedly sure it is — then it is related jfl to that Church for all that is involved 9 in it of duty, responsibility, and spiritual 9 separatism and power. Our pastors are Bl to feed the flock of God ; our stewards, 9 deacons, and elders, are to be men of 9 good repute, full of the Holy Ghost and 9 of faith ; and our members are to be a 9 people for the Lord's possession, zealous Wg of good works. How chary some of our IB best people are of taking npon them the 9 responsibilities of Church membership; 9 how lightly the duties of that position 9 sit upon many who have assumed them; 9 and how deficient the general conception 9 with regard to the high and imperious 9 mission of the Church of the living 9 God, of which Churoh we are members,. 9 and of which Church Methodism is an 9 integral part. Brethren, let us regard § it as a duty of present day urgency to \ preach up the Church of Christ. We I have perhaps not given that great theme | 10s yiuyoL piaut) iu uur prtusbwuri/iiy « endeavours to secure individual conver- j sions. The Church is the body of | Christ : the body through which He j acts, the organism that executes His | Divine and victorious purposes in the I world. In the unity, compactness, and j spirituality of the Church is the tangible 9 guarantee of the Presence of Christ in 9 the world and the sure token of the 9 subjugation of the world to Him. To 9 the up-building of the Church as such 9 let our attention be more fully given. Wt Not as a human society ; not simply as *M an excellent form of religious organisa- jm tion ; above all, not as a going concern fl from a financial point of view. But as M the Church which Christ has called into |9 existence, which He continues to per- M meate with His own Spirit ; and to' 'm which His faithful Promise specially :m holds true, ' Lo, I am with you alwayh j» even to the end of the world.' In the jS realisation of that truth let us address fl ourselves to our work in this Synod. W Nothing will then seem to be formal or fl unimportant. Questions of larger M import, such as those relating to social fl reform or national progress, will be m illumined to our minds as part of the m ways of Him whose right it is every- 9 where to reign. These larger concep- M tions will create a nobler sense of duty, M and will prompt to more direct efforts m to promote the bringing back of the M King. But of ourselves, as we bave ? been taught, we can do nothing. M Therefore, feeling how large the issues M committed to the church of to-day; M feeling how great is our share 0' « responsibility ; and feeling also, that it M is not by might, or by power, but by fl my spirit, saith the Lord ; let us ja unitedly seek in all our sessions the 9 guiding and sanctifying grace of the ? Holy Ghost, that all that we do at this 1 time may be for the glory of God and 9 the advancement of the best interests of H His church and Kingdom. m 