T; — ~ — , ? ; ? r- ? : — : ? ~ ? . ' Case 10— Mr. K-, BSew York, U.S. A.' *7J STEAL BODY was. not an expression ZJJ entirely without meaning for me when .♦? I fivst met Simcox. If anyone luid then asked me what the term meant, I would cer tainly have made sorao attempt to define it, although my definition would just as certainly have been vague and unsatisfactory. It vras through Clarence that I met Simcox. 'H^lio torn \^nA linnn fripn^s in flovlnn an T understood, though how or why I never knew,s and it always seemed strange. ClnrenceV .. business in Ceylon was coffee planting, and it seemed that Simcox's was astral bodies. The only natural thing abouttheir old acquaintance seemed to be that Clarence always knew queer people, and surely Simcox was queer. ' Why, how old do you take roe to be ?' he asked me suddenly one day, when I had said that something or other had happened before his time. And when I answered that he looked to me to bo about 40, he laughed quite heartily. It so happened that this conversation took place as we were walking together to Madison Square, where we were to visit an exhibition of paintings, old and modern. When we had spent about a half hour ranging through the galleries, Simcox and I found ourselves standing before a portrait of a Spanish Prince, who I believe lived some where about the time of Queen Elizabeth. The figure was dressed in armour, except for the . head, which was bare, and showed a fine head of dark chestnut hair. ' This is the picture I wanted you to see,' said Simcox. ' Let's sit down on this settee, and take it all in.' . I could not remember that Simcox had said .anything to me about seeing any picture in particular. ' . . ' Well, what do you think of it ? ' Simcox asked me presently. ? ; ' Fine,' I said. 'I suppose it is,' said Simcox. ' I sup pose it is line. People have been saying that about it for 300 years. I supposo all the lords and ladies of the Spanish court said it was fine when they first saw it. I- wasn't there — ' 11 You're not quite so old. as all that '.? ' I, interjected, thinking of the mysteiy of' his age. ' No,' he said, smiling, ' not quite so old. And I wouldn't have been.at the court of Spain either. But there is one criticism the lords and ladies might have made, though I never heard that they did.' ' What's that ? ' ' ' Simply, that it isn't true to life.' 'But you don't mean to say it isn't life like ? ' I said in astonishment. ' What I mean is, that it isn't as much like \- the original as it might have been. It would have been as just as easy for Velasquez to have made it perfectly true. I don't see why he didn't — I never did. On the whole, it doesn't flatter His Highness. His jaw was not nearly such a cruel looking square thing as that. And yet the painter has taken the trouble to curl and lengthen and dandify the moustache almost out of recognition.' ' Why, Simcox,' I said, ' you talk as if you ' knew the original in the flesh ! ' ' Well,' he said, ' I don't and I do. You see, my dear fellow, to know a man s astral body is about the same thing as knowing the man in what you call ' the flesh.' You use the crude term of a worn-out medieval philosophy. An astral body may produce at times a faint impression on the eye, but it stands to reason it must be exact.' It occurred to me' at this point that Simcox needed fresh air. I had never before heard any one talk in this glib, matter of fact way about astral bodies. Either Simcox was crazy, or was there something uncanny about him, in spite of his. brisk, happy, ever-day manner. ' Oh, you're surprised, are you?' he said, chuckling to himself. ' I might have guessed that a man who talks about knowing people 'in: the flesh ' would be. Let's have a practical demonstration.' ' Good heavens !' I exclaimed. ' You don't mean to tell me you are going to raise the ghost of this old Spaniard ?' . ? ?'I don't ' raise ghosts,' ' Simcox answered with some impatience—' or believe in them. But if you are going to get fidgety, and as this is a public place, let's go to my rooms.' 'Take one more good look at the. picture tieforo you 'go,' he said, ' and pay particular attention to the chin, moustache aiid eyes. I wintyou to see if I'm not right in my criti cism.' When we got to his rooms, and I had seated myself as comfortably as my nervous state of : mind would allow, Simcox busied himself rummaging in the drawers of a roll-top writing desk. . 'I don't need any very elaborate apparatus'; you see,' he said. 'But there is one thing .somewhere in these drawers, if I can only find it, that ought to help a good deal. Ah, here it is;' Ho produced what I at first took to be a glass paperweight. On closer inspection it turned out to be a Japanese crystal ball, very clear ?and exquisitely rounded, but not mounted on any carved stand, like most of those I have seen. _, t ' Just hold this, will you ?' he said. T took the crystal in my hand. 'You had better sit here,' ho said, ' with your back to, the window. I want the light to come over your shoulder.' .1 ought to say that in that window frame there was no curtain of any kind, only a brown 'hollnrid .'window blind, whioh was rolled up. . In front of mo as I sat with my buck to the light was nothing but an open carpeted space. Indeed, bareness was the 'most obvious char acteristic of Simcox's room ; itwas more like a» lawyer's oflice than a private sittingroom. ' Now, I am going to stand behind you, if you don't mind,' he said, and acted accord ingly. In obedience to his instructions I held the crystal in my lap with both hands, and looked intently at :tt._ Once I could not resist the temptation to look behind me and see what he ?was doing. He was standing with arms ex tended, waving his hands about. ' Never mind me,' he said. ' You keep your eyes fixed on that crystal.' ^Aftor that I kept my eyes on 'tho crystal con ?stunlly. Presently a mist seemed to shutout the point of light on which I was gazing. It ?was a white mist at. first, but turned to a dark brown. Out of the mist presently dame 'the gray glimmer of armor ; then above the armor I could make out flesh tints ; then the curling chestnut hair, the 'peaked beard, and the moustache. The face was more dearly defined than it was in the portrait I had been looking at. ' Now,' said Simcox, speaking from behind me, ' was I right ? Isn't the chin- much more humane than Velasquez made it. ' Yes,' I answered.- ' And the moustache is smaller and the hair closer cropped. But it is a wonderful likeness on the whole.'' .', _ ' It is,' Baid Simcox. ' And now you know ?what an astral body is. Let's go and have some oysters.' .?; ; The whole thing was gone. I. was looking at the crystal ball once more. So we went out and got some oysters. ?? ?? Some months later Simcox himself was gone. But I got by mail a marked copy of a small scientific pamphlet. It was printed in England. The marked passage was a torse statement of *' Case 10— Mr. X., Now York, U.S.A.' Tho essential facts of the foregoing story were given in half a page of print. I was ' Mr. X.' _. ' Clarence,' I said next time I met that interesting person, ' who the douce is Simcox ?'' ' Simcox ? Didn't you know ? It seems that Simcox is a big man. Simcox is.Meiller, the English doctor— expert on hypnosis and hallucinations.' -?'' Speaking for the Prem'?r it is right that the military spirit should bo in Lyue. ? / 