Sr. CA3LBIS, Queen ton. Australia is a land too new to . have . produced much ii^ the. way of ghosts, hob goblins, or the various weird forms of mythology but in.the premises of Mr. £. Carbis, wholesale and retail store keeper, Millchester Road, Queenton, it possesses an approximation to the an cient Greek Phoenix, which rpse anew from its own ashes. In April of thig year Mr Carbis suffered. a severe loss by a fire, but undaunted, en ithe ashes of fite he built a structure surpassing in beauty of design and general utility, business premises, which, while a pleasure to the eye, are also remarkable for the excel-, lencs of .their planning in abusiness dir ection. . In June, 1899, the newly con structed premises were opened,v and busi ness recommenced on a more extensive scale. The stores include a large general grocery, store, and an almost equally large produce department, the ,• whole building covering an area of 50ft. by" 70ft. In aNorth Queensland climate, ventilation should be studied in every particular, and Mr Carbis, recognising this, has one of the most cool and auy buildings in town. The supply of butter is_p. speciality, and in order to supply it in firm condition, Mr Carbis has an en ormous ice chest constructed to his or d< r, and from this fresh butter, as firm' as. cheese, is weighed out direct fo his. customers. Mr Carbis prides himself, and; attributes .his'. 13 -years* of suttMS&ful; business to selling only the best brands and makes, either of food "or uteaidls; Sutton's famous1 hams and bacons, Mac onochie's, Morton's, Crosse and Black well's and the best colonial preserves of jams, bottled fruits, confectionery, etc., are dcept, while the store ako contains; every description of mining Mid <^ther tools, an enormous stock of ejrotjcejry and glassware, in fact, over 2tf0 dififeient and delicate patterns of crockery! .^ad glassware are stocked. No1&'$ £<^iiniv gelignite, and red and grey fuse are sup plied to prospectors andmanyOf^elaige mines in- the populous neighborhood of Mr Carbis's store. The produce store ad-, joining the main premises is ^constantly replenished with importations of pota toes, onions, hay, chaff, and, corn from tho Southern glomes.. MVeiy exrts tually deliver ofdersto eveiy part of the field on which an 18 years' residencehas ipade the name of R. Carbis a hou^old. Word -for good articles and prompt at tention. 