WORLDLIXKSS. -Hv ltev. J. H. Jowett, M.A.) ''1 pray not iliac Tliou fihouldcst loke ihcm cilft O! tile world, but that 'Jiiou sliouldes't Kcvp tfiem from the evil.'— St. John svii.. 15. Not out of, but kei t from; not abstrac tidn from the world, but protection against the evil. Our deliverance is to be effec ted, not by the removal of the body, but Iby the reinforcement of the spirit. Our moral and our spiritual redemption is to be accomplished, not by changing our lo iality, but by changing the heart. The I impose of our (Saviour is to perfect us iu loliness, not by removing us from all pos- ! vible infection, but by making us disease- ) itroof, incapable of being infected by the j insidious advance of any unclean I iuess or ? disease. The ideal Christian life is not j ito be iound in the possession of innocence, innocent because all possible temptation ] Jias been removed from me. That is not Ithe idea of the Christian life. The idea j of the Christian life is not to be innocent because ] cannot possibly fall; the idea is (to be holy surrounded by devils, holy iu npite of menacing advances of unclean con tagion and disease in the world. \\\\- .shall tiiave infection, contagion, tribulation in . ithe world; ye shall have things disturb you and affright you; 'but be of good cheer; J have overcome t lie world.' 'I j)ray not that Thou shnuldest take them out of the world, but that Thou .shouldest keep them from the evil.' Now what is the world, and what is worldlinej-s? Jt is si word we very commonly use, but I am afraid, like many words in our religious vocabulary, and many words which are so jm'iiimn in common rcnii'ous speecli. it m \\\ word which is very considerably lost in vagueness, and has no sharp, pointed, de finite meaning which would make its ap plication to the life iind heart. 1,ABEI- AM) TilK SiMKIT BEYOND. What is worldlincssl' Well, 1 don't think that we .-hall comprehend the sig nificance of worldlincss by remaining merely and eniireiy in ilie realm oi external conduct, and taking 'the external acts of life and cids:-iiying iJiem into two collect ion ?;, one on the right hand Mid ihe oVhor on tiie left, calling these while and t'hose black, these worthy and 1lios^ unworthy, these pious and those depraved. We die never going io know what worldiines.s is by doing 'that. 'VVorldliness is not to be known merely from the menacing catalogue ol t'hings to l)e avoided and things to 'be condemned. And man's conduct will never he safely guided, and will never be wisely guided, 1).V mere ai'teinion u labels, no Jiutier by ?whomsoever those labels Jiave been at iaciicd. 1 iind that coming down to nit (from past ;iges, from my anci-siry, and from the ancestry oi my na'tion — coming clown to-day from pa.«i days, there is u ivihole classification ol external acts from any grandfathers and great-givnidfaiiiers, smd from 'limes move remote, there haw come down tilings already labelled. .Some ure labelled worldly: .-ome are labelled unworldly. I am never going to become ?unworldly by studying the enumeration Mid the definition ol my forefathers. J inus/r know why these were so labelled worldlv. and why these were so labelled unworldly. I must get behind the acts ?to the spirit t-lial determined the rlasili ca'cion. J miist know the conditions which prevailed at the time when t'iie \--lu*Miicuion was made. A laliel may prove grandly effective in checking in? \--te|)ti, in arresting my thought, in driving ' me inward to stand before the tribun.il «-l my conscience, to make me appc.il to the highest point within me, to make ane scan all the external life. There are dllirininaiiiig principles of the Christian 3 if e that we can use. When 1 iind that a certain act that I was about to perform was labelled by my grandfather worldly, it ought to wake me think; it ought to drive me Jnto the court oi appeal; it ought to make me stand before my con Mcience; and to that ex rent a. label may lie jnorally healthy and morally useful Hut, 1 say, we are never going to know the meaning oi worldly by con'lining our atten tion merely to external acts, by doing this kind by avoiding 'that, being sanded solelv by labels which have been attached by ' ot/her hands in other day*, for when 1 tuin io the labelling!* 1 am greatly contused. I ! i Jind^ that dialogues are classified as mi- I AvoridJy, trialogues are getting dangerously near the 'borders, and the addition of wo I ^r more characters makes the performance j jtt'lieatrical, and most assuredly merits tlie ? fomlemnation of being worldly. 1 look around to the labelling, and 1 find t'hat jdraUjg'hts are catalogued as unworldly; i jHommoes are in the reign of moral (twilight, a kind of uncertain grade, \vhile i 'warfare distinctly placed in the ranks, t-o( riie worldly. A country - dance is Simoceut aud unworldly; add. complica- \ ,|tioiis, and it changes its catalogue, and ' ,ds placed amongst the worldly. i.My dear -ofd landlord, during my University 'days ' Jn Edinburgh, where I spent four years 'in lodgings, used to come into his lodger's j^arlor every Saturday night and care fully lock the piano and unlock the bar 'inonium. His classification was deter mined by his own sense of the sabbatic fit ness; and to have permitted that piano 'to' speak on the Sabbath would have 'appeared to him to be opening the flood rtes of a most offensive sacrilege. Well, have not mentioned that even to elicit 8 smile, and still less to elicit a sneer, ffo sneer at that devout man would be to fling scorn at a man whose shoes tha majority are unworthy to stoop down and unloose. I have only mentioned that to support this affirmation that we are never going to know the genius and the spirit of world liness merely by confining our attentions !to label lings and classifications and to Iwliat things have been regarded as right knd ?wrong, pious and depraved, by men W other days. Why the very appraise {bent, the value, of the moral tone of an external act varies with the changing days, li you turn back to the days of tlie old Puritans, and if you will notice the classi fication made by these Puritans, in the days of stress and storm, you will find that one of the things most strenuously tabooed was the eating of a mince pie. Ihe eating of a mince pie at Christmas-tune to our Puritan fathers was an act of abso lute profanity. Well, 1 do not think that peop;e, even 'those voio moat deeply share the Puritan laith, observe that classifica tion to-ttey. (-ur Puritan forefathers ta booed and* they exiled from society every thing that seemed to savor of ritualism, and Popery they banned and banis'bed. NYe have altered that classification. Even men who live near to Jesus Christ, even men ?n'ho walk on the .mountain tops handin hand with God, do not object to that act. The appraisement a£ uhe moral aot has ceased, or at any rate, cli.uiged, an.l the labelling is now it'lmost altogether .ignored. Classifications vary— 1 say they vary with the varying days, it is not jn the most scrupulous Observance of 'the most scru pulous and the most minute classifications that we are ever going to be secured from the contagion and t'he infection of the pre sent evil world. 'Aly friends Ji i* possible for ,i man to observe all tme labels; it is pos-.si'ble lor him to guide his conduct seru puloiitily by attention to tJie classifications of our Krefa'thers, and yet for 'him to re main incorrigibly worldly. There are men who do observe the la bettings w'no are steeped in woridljness. steeped through and through with the spirit of this present evil world. TIW: SIVIKIT OF WOIMJHJXESS. Well, now, what then is worldliness? If worldlincss is not attention to ex ternal acts and to la-belLiiiRs lixed to external acts, what is it, my friends!1 Worldliness is a spirit, it is a tem perament, it is a disposition, it is an at titude of soul, it is life without strong call lings, it is life without lofty ideals, it is vision horizoivwl, never vertical; it is nm bilion, it is .success, and it is never holi ness, and hearing no mystic voice and no lofty callings. It is destitute of reverence. It never sits in reverent and silent awe in the secret place. It never apprehends, never perceives the significance of the pre sence oi the Divine. Jt has lusts; it has no supplications. It has ambitions; it has no aspirations. Uad is. not denied; He is simply ignored. That is worldliness. When a man looks straight on and never looks up he is worldly. WJien a man says, My motto is forward, and never, never, never upward; when a man sets his eye entirely upon success, and never, never, never thinks of holiness, that man is worldly. That is the worldly. It is the consciousless presence of the non-spiritual life, without the conscious possession of an ever real spiritual for ever. My brethren, it is life without sky, life without stars, life with out starry 'voices; it is life utterly ignor ing the forces and the callings that give and move and speak in the infinite. THE U.YWOMJJLY .MAX1,-) ISOLATION. Now see ihe effect of that upon tue .lisciples of ..lesu-i K'hri-.t. The power of tne non-spiritual— shall 1 use that just temporarily ;-s a broad temporary defini tion of what 1 mean by worldly? I would say by worldly 1 mean the non-spiritual Jil'e with the spiritual shut out— life on tlie horizontal plane. See, then, the efiect of that upon the disciples of Jesus Christ The presence ot the non-spiritual is ubiqui tous; it confronts you everywhere, my brethren. Worldly people, that is to say. I the people without sky, the people with ! out upward look, without holiness, ihe 1 people without aspirations, worldly i people are in the majority. And | their very numerical proportions tend to make' Christian believers afraid. i The non- spiritual folk, the folk with the horizontal vision, they are so abounding that the unworldly man, tlie imui who lias sky, ami prayer and aspim ! lion, feels himself sadly odd and sadly eccentric. He feels himself standing out amongst the worldly in bold and almost curious relief- Do you remember that very pregnant word, that comes sheer out ol prophetic times, and which I think is emi nently suggestive and full of higuiUcanct for ourselves'.' Here is a word coming sheer out of the old prophetic day. It is a word from the populace, it is a word oi the prophets, it is a word of the crowd, and here it i*: — 'The spiritual man i* niad.' Why, mad? Because he was Mich a novelty; he appeared so eccentric; he ap peared so out of it in the world of non spiritual men. ?' the world of men , whose vision was horizontal, anil who lived upon the common plane. Well, the oddity, the eccen tricity of tin1 spirit, has by no meant disappeared. .Men and women who are going to live in the tru'iy 'heavenly places, and who are going to live in the high heawnly places and yet being in the world, will have to be prepared to present con trasts with ihe world, contrasts which will appear odd and offensive, which will ap pear eccentric when compared with the lives and usages which are round about them. Hut now that is just what makes them afraid. 1 am not going out of the heart of the world. I am going to live out of my own heart. We don't like to be original. It is not one man in a hun dred who cares to appear odd. We are reluctant to be squeamish. A man in business on the Exchange does not like to appear eccentric; he does not like to stand out in bold relief when contrasted with noil-spiritual men. U e suqiuu all be glad to wear white garment.-; if everybody' were. Hut when white is not the fashion, when the: prevailing fashion favors another color, I then to wear white garments, and if . then to wear white garments, aud to i which 1 am afraid only very few of us are | very much inclined. And ns for fear of i oddity, we make a compromise. We say, There are very few people wearing white; f will make a compromise; 1 will wear a sort of uncertain grey for fear of offence. We lower our Hag, we check our spirits, we paralyse our supplications, we begin to i-:hiii out the liilmi'i*?, we begin to take our eyes away from Ihe uplands, and we fix them on the 'horizontal. 1 say we are shutting out 'die Infinite. And when a nun 'begins to shut out the Infinite, and to leave out tJie .'boundaries of Siis life, w'hen lie 'begins 'co enshrine his eoul in cribbed aua cabined surroundings, when he liegins to put his soul under a kind of -bell-glass, he ibegiua io smother up. Where a. soul lias been accustomed 'to breathe in tlie Infinite, and then a man makes it 'breathe in the poor, petty, peddling temporising?, it is like taking a slieplierd off the -Scotch moors and putting 5:iin ?wit'hin tlie confines of a nar row cell. To take a soul out of the Infinite, and to say to t'he soul, 'Shut out the infinfte, confine thyseSf. to the commonplace, be like the meu round fchee, live in a smaller world' — 'when a man does that to t:he moral powers, all his life begins to degenerate, the man's power (begins to fade; ttie becomes ft cap tive, and enters into the servitude of the present evil world. HOLY A;OT- UKnEMUEO. 7\o\v, is it possible for a man to keep undented? Is it possible ifor a inan to (be in 'die world, and yet not to be aflected or touched by the viie contami nations' Well, happily for me as a preacher for Jesus, the all - sufficient answer for me to make is this — Jesus did. That is enough for the preacher of t'he Gospel— Jesus did. On, but you say. Jesus was a simple peasant, and he lived jn the sweet simplicity of village life far remote from the corrupting tilings, the creeping things -oi the high plaess of town and city. He lived in the sweet simplici ties of rural life. Well, 1 am not so sure, my dear friends, about that description of village life. It has 'been my un-happy lot to meet in the course of my ministry men who in town life have come into tlis un clean grip of the devil. I sometimes hear them say, 'I wish I 'had lived in some little village.' 1 am not so sure that there are nny more terrible and appalling concen trations of nastiness to be met with any where than in many a sweet English vil lage. The foulest lusts 1 have known in niy ministry I have met with in a sweet .English village. The honeysuckle can climb around about tlie door, but the in mata in it may be a devil. Be that as it may, 1 do not think Jesus did live in a village that was remote from the cor rupting currents of the world. -Just at Xazareih there ran the highway along which .the legions marc-had, the princes swept with their retinues, and all sorts and conditions of travellers from all kinds of countries went to and fro. Ihe scandalous Herods and the scandalous aristocracy of those days passed up ancS down those roads. The custom.', too, oi the neighboring villages, their sensuality, their corrupt worship, their licentiousness in living, and their corruption in busmest —all these would furnish endless talk ioi the village of Nazareth. Jesus did not grow up behind a big stone wall, behind an impenetrable bulwark shutting Him out from the corrupt contagion of the world. He grew up among much scandal, gossip, and all kinds of uncleanliness, and all kinds of seductions of the world round about Him, and yet without sin. He lived where it was easily possible for Him tc have become precocious and premature in lustiness, and yet without siu. Hut not in Syria alone, and not in these three mystic beautiful years, do we find this radiant achievement wrought. The great centuries have been sanctified and beauti lied by men and women in all times whe have iived their lives in white, and lived ever in perfect harmony with the ideal ot the ISon of God. In these lives we have a beautiful confirmation of a word in the old Psalm which often shines out to me with peculiar instruction and intensity: — 'Thou shalt not be afraid for the tcrroi by night; nor for the arrow that Hieth by day, nor for the pestilence that walketh ii darkness; nor for the destruction thai, wasteth at noon-day/' It goes on to say. ' Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder; the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet.' The moral of that magnificent pro mise, it appears to me, the moral tout is just this, that 'the man that lives in the secret place of the Most High,'' as the wonderful Psalm begins, he shall be able to go out and move through pes tilence, moral pestilence, 'the pestilence that walketh in darkness,'' without being changed, contaminated, or deiield. He shall tread upon the lions and th-i dragons, poisonous things, stinging things, things that get into the blood and destroy you. He shall tread upon them, noisome, noxious, destructive things, without being harmed. It is just the word of the Master. You remember what Jetus Himself said— 'They shall take up serpents, and if they drink nny deadly thing it shall not hurt them.'' Ha man 'has to live in a workshop; if a young fellow has to live in a workshop, iind to work in a workshop where the men around about him are pouring out filthy blasphemy; if he has to breathe amidot obscenities, to take it in like breath, say Jesus— 'If he drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt him.' That is the word of the Lord. Though 1 have to live amid foul men, licentious men, blasphemous men, men who seem to grovel in greed and io crawl in the mire, well, I myself, need never be changed, never defiled. 'They shall take up serpents, and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them.' That is the promise of the Eternal God. ATHLETIC IM-XKJIOX. Wei) now, if it is a possibility, how can it become a glorious certainty? There is one thing perfectly clear, we have no need to try to g-et away from the world in order to ibe saved from itsj defilements. If you will allow me to pin k in an epigrammatic way, it seems to me tiliat t'ne teaching of my test is this, that 'we are to defend otir ?se'lve-s, to secure ourselves; against the world, not by means ascetic, but by means athletic; not by running from the contagion, but by stop ping and wrestling with it, resisting it in 'the strength that is given us by the power of the Holy Ghost; not by means ascetic, proing away into a cell, into a monastery, or into some stern and tftudi ous «ei*hi*ion. 1 am to Ibe defended from it, while being in the midst of it, contend ing against it 'by t'he miift'iil of C'jirist. It was a very happy inspiration of the artist who pictured an old monk in his cell in the Monastery, at ilis desk, with t'he pen jn 'his hand, anil -the patper before him, commit ting to -paper the thoughts t'ha't struck ijii'ju&'h luis heart. And die artist pictured the old monk there in 'his severe loneli ness, and av it'll the pen ju~t uplifted for a moment, the eyes turned up as though he were looking ifor illumination from t'he Holy One of God, And the artist has put t'he picture, riie dove representing a'he 'Holy -jhost conving to the old menk and making a kdud of ?illumintition up there. It was a fcappy inspiration, too, when the aritst l)Ut down beneatli him an ugLi', weird, repellant devrl, seeking to gain the atten tion of the old monk, that lie, the unclean one, might whisper into tlie old monk's ear the Counsel he ;would ljke him u- commit into word and speecli. Yes, whetdier rwe -are in the highways of the world or in the monastery cells there will be tJie two voice?, tire call of t'he dove, t'he insidious speech of^the devil, and no't by retirement to u convent sSiall we escape the seductive temptations. And the Bwo voices will en coun'ter us even if we were to flee to ab solute seclusion. How then are we to 'be secured? I turn 'to one of our philosophers, wlio has not a very great deal to do with 'the Christian fait'h, and he gives his coun sel irrespective of the Christ fan faidh. I will tell vou 'what his counsel is. 3fy ques tion is this — How can I Jive in the world and yet not ibe ?defiled? Hear his answer, and I will give it 3Tou in ibis own words, ' The only defence against the world' (that is what we want) says this philo sopher, 'is a thorough knowledge of it.' I do not believe it. If I am to be saved from uneleanness, 'a thorough knowledge of it! a lihorough knowledge of it!' I know men who know the .world, and they appear 'to be incorrigibly worldly. The great founder off the Aesfelretic Sdhool, a man 'Vflho knew tne 'worlil in end out, and tbrougOi ami through, ex posed himself in our English Law Courts as a man of untold lusts. His know ledge was no defence. The only defence against disease is perfect health. People who easily eaten the epi demic, who are easily possessed by the in fluenza, are people who have got run down. It is 'the strong man who is able to resist the epidemic. He is the man -who is pos sessed by the saving 'health and life of God and is aib-le to resist the insidious advances of disease: This man says, 'The only de fence is knowledge.' This Book tells me the only defence is life. 'I am come t'hat ye might have— knowledge of the world.' Christ never said that. 'I am come that ye might have life, and that ye might have it more abundantly.' And by the presence and possession of abundant life ye shall be able to resist, to overcome and to foil the encroachments of the Evil One. Our de fence is life. But you say, How life? Listen. 'This is life, to know Jesus.' 