NEWLANDS ADVENTURE A CHRISTMAS STORY. By OHILTERN BARR. [cO~PR[GHT. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] Stss the story by all means, ,st draw it as mild as you t When a fellow's blood Isla iý lhe sort of day we have had, I tyat a stimulant of that kind Absko all night" Tom lowltt--one of a small a drae-as we sat, about ten t ni under the shadow of a agirhongig a bend of the Deep I a f{w miles of Sanhury. : nt institution known as -holidays gave us our liberty I ?isar days, and we- made up tgoin for a fishing excursion I l bilissfl period of freedom. a mnaogedat the last moment, s eparations were accordingly peJed to say that the comis .,ment wSa the only branch in hitch occurred, and that was ?,doe sopervieion of Newlands. o:cient supplies to voctual a , especially of bottled beer of which tiere was enough dI?n men forgetful of their for so entire week at least. ra told off to Icok after the sil, and so excited was he with respneibility that he entirely Sbstl This was no trifling nmen who soet out with'a stern .umrke a record. , neglect knocked the bottom ;:t anticpated triumph straight o.he was half his time hunting ,snlkindred contributions from p, we had a proportionate \- idle time, which we generally 1drinkoig success to the absent .ciribation towards the general ca consisted of interviewing a a. nd making the necessary eta for having a canvas canopy yi tnai to Digger's aeRst a dozen s in advance of the army of t order with the air of an old hsd slept half his life under This offhand familiarity so im "~ tentmaker that he shrank ding any suggestion to an expert lt? it was to be erected. It to him like painting the lily. pres local carter five shillings to tb poltion, after which we dia '! with the cart manner of men acted all unnecessary curiosity on ci tranagers. ruhardly gone when we threw off . This meant business, and to Pelt at once to erect our tent. =cofas knew a tarpaulin from a It?t each had unlimnited faith In mmr of the other-as much so as s ws spent in pitching tents on ,delds of Langwarrin. We out the twine strands that bound the canvas, and opened the graceful folds, and spread it out on the ground, and looked at it-and then paused i It did not look a bit like a tent I Tents were usually oval, or conical, or parabolic, or some mathematical shape or other, but this appeared to be nothing but a flat piece of white canvas unable to stand of Itself I "How the devil are' you going to manage this thing, Barr 1" inquired New lands, looking me in the ,face with a glance of admiration. '' It isn't every fellow that could rake up the ingenuity to erect such a thing as that intoea summer residence." "Nothing easier in the world," I re marked, with the breezy air of a man who could give points to a professional archi tect ; "nothing easier, old man. Hewitt will have It up,-you'll see, in a jiffy." Hereupon I took up a tomahawk, with which we had supplied ourselves, and announced that I would .gathera few sticks to boil the billy. " Hold on, old man,' broke in New lands, "you'll want someone to help you to carry them," and he proceeded at once to accompany me. " No, you don't I" laughed Hewitt. " How do you expect me to do;this job by myself ? It will take the whole three of us an hour at least to pump enough air into the sickly thing to make it stand." Hewitt wasn't serious, but it was a candid admission that he knew as much about erecting a tent as the man In the moon. We returned discomfited; but when Newlands saidit would do to sleep on instead of under, we all agreed that nine-tenths of creation didn't know how to utilise tents to the beat advantage. The first day out was exceptionally hot even for the close of December, eo un bearably warm that the blackflah and trout must have gone to sleep, having given us, through the long oppressive day, only two bites and a nibble, and even these probably with the intention of re minding us that the primary object of our trip was not the consumption of bottled beer and sandwiches. Our present ex haustion, therefore, was not the outcome of exertion with the rod and line. A man does not need to be a fisherman to draw this natural inference. The mosquitoes, \- which had been troublesome for hours, I had gorged themselves to sleep, and as I we were in a somewhat similar condition of beatitude, we were preparing to follow f in their wake when a remarik from New. lands promptly chased away every locli nation to embrace "the balmy." Newlands, who was fresh from soing "the round tour," and a little over and s above, was full of all kinds of anecdotes picked up in the smoke-rooms of the American and P. and 0. boats, as well as reminisencenes of personal adventure that to pever failed to prove interesting, when he th was in anything like good form as he I appeared to be to-night. Newlande was de korn with a golden spoon in his month, hi but this did not prevent him entering the a1 University and gradnating in law, though re he never made an effort to follow his pro. tt fession. Oandoor forces me to confess that vi .Newlands financed the present trip. ci Hewitt and I protested mildly at first, 1 but were ultimately obliged to yield, We did so, however, with a dash of con- E desoenelon which Newlands was forced to a admire immensely. n Hewitt now began to talk vaguely of y the virtues of the dark pool, throwing out hints of its cooling properties-" just a ii minute's plunge before the last pipe I" 1 " Not for Joseph, my lad," spoke t, Newlands, with a short laugh. " No t night bath for me, unless it be within doors. The last I had is too fresh in my memory yet to allow me to become a t willing victima to the voice of the tempter. And what a cold bath it was I Do you know, lads, that to this day, summer and winter, the rheumatism in my joints bears evidence to the intense coldness of that bath." As Newlands spoke we at once grew interested, in the full consciousness that something good was coming. it was then that Heowitt spoke the words with which my story opens. " Well, let os have another 'wet'," remarked Newlands, dryly, " and I don't mind if I tell you the adventure, which was as near polishing off Jeek Newlands, vagabond extraordinary, as any hair. breadth escape he ever had in his life." After this, we charged our pipes afresh, and then, stretched at full length on the canvas, Hewitt and 1 settled ourselves down comfortably to listen to Newlands' story. "Something less than a dozen years ago," he began, " I found myself fixed up for a few days at Odds, a pretty and pic toresque town in the very heart of the Norwegian fiords. A short trip from Norheimsond, and I was anchored in this quiet little haven, which I purposed to enjoy for a few days at least. I had been away from Australia for more than a year at the time, and I began to yearn again for home. This, however, was only on t occasions, for, as I was always on the wing, I had little time for longing or I looking backwards. The present was too full of incident and the future of expeota tion to lend anything buc a fugitive mo ment to the past. "Two days at Odds, with no greater excitement than watchirg my own sha. I dow in the fiord, as I lay Idly on the overhanging crags or strolled leisurely by the water's edge, produced a longing 1 for home again, and the warm summer r of Victoria, with the glass at 112 in the shade, as it must have been today. 1 had almost resolved to go back next a day to England in order to make pre p parations for a speedy return, when a v small steamer from Barwick came slowly steaming up the fiord and I- dropped anchor a few hundred yards in front of where I lay. g " She was full of English excursionists d whc had come across the German Sea a to spend n few weeks among the wild a novelty of the Norwegian fiords. I a heard nothing of her expected arrival, r" for . held scarcely any intercourse with the people of the hotel for the few days I had-been there. I was always out of doors except at meal times, always hanging about the water's side, and always trying to make up my mind to return to Australia. It was three in the morning when she arrived, yet everything about her was as plainly visible as at, noonday, for it was in the early part of July, and night there was none at this season of the year." "Do you mean to tell us," asked Hewitt, incredulonuly, "that you were walking about at three o'clock in the morning enjoying nature and taking your constitutional I' "Night and day, my dear fellow, make little difference there in the summer, I have often slept from noonday till nine or ten in the evening, and some times began my day at midnight." "But how did you manage about your meals and-and your refreshers I" asked the astonished Hewitt, still hesitating to believe. " Always thinking of your animal wants, Hewitt," spoke Newlands with a smile, as he passed the bottle standing by his side to the unbeliever, who took it mechanically. He was silenced by the awful rebuke, accepted more by New lands' action than by his words. "Three hours later Odds was all astir, over a hundred stolk-jarres from God knows where suddenly appearing inthe steep streets. " Whatarestolk-jarreal" I interrupted, with a growing interest in Newlands' story. "A sort of car," he explained, "in which the driver alts behind,, but not elevated as in a hansom. The reins pass between those sitting in front to the hands of the driver, thus weakening his control considerably in difficult situastions. They are a combination of wagonette and hansom, but have no cover. "They most have come from a radius of twenty miles," he continued, " for , the country around is sparsely populated, and the resources of a dozen Oddes were e not equal to the supply of half the traps now awaiting the boats approaching from the steamer. r "In a few minutes they were filled, n not that the process of packing was a a difficult one, seeing that each stolk-jarte e could carry only two passengers besides the driver. It struck me that a some previous arrangements mast have been made for the accommodation of these tourists, for not one of the two hundred arrivals had to sacrifice the trip r for want of a vehicle. Everything was cu. t out to a nicety--ust enough, and a othing more. " I made inquirles and found that the g excursion was to the Lasetfoss and r Espelandfoss. twenty -two miles from Odde, and through a country of excep. 1 tional wildness and beauty. Long cftr t the last trap was gone I was returning slowly to the hotel, when I noticed a sol. a tary driver sitting in his stolk.jarre be. e moaning the adverse fate that left him d the only unfortunate who had failed to a receive a fare." " Won't master see the grand falls, a too 1" he asked in very intelligible Eng a lish. I "I started on being thus addressed, I I never thought of visiting the falls .during ,my two days at Odds. I had, of course heard sometlng of their wild beauty, but to a man who had seen Niagara nothing the world could produce in the way of falls had much Inducement to turn him aside. But I was mistaken In this belief. There are falls, as I afterwards discovered, far less advertised than the great American marvel, which are every bit as attractive, though less stupendous; and those for which the ex oursionlsts had just departed belonged to this class. "My mind was made up in a moment ; I would give the poor devil a fare, and see the renowned Lasetfoss. I had a cup of. coffee et the hotel, jumped into the stolk jarre, and rattled out of town with the delighted driver. "I noticed as we drove away from the door a peculiar smile on the waiter's face, after he had glanced at the trap and coachman. It left scarcely any impres adon behind, however, though I had occasion to recall the simple Incident before I returned again to Odde. "Talk of ponies after these Norwegian nuggets I" cried Newlands, with an unex pected outburst of approval, " you never saw the like of them in your lives-beau tiful, and sleek, and sure-footed, and enduring. They could travel for a doEen hours at a stretch without halting to take breath, or turning a hair. Ours was a sturdy little cream.colored, firm and well set, and as strong as a lion in the chest. The pony that could cover twenty-two English miles in an hour and fifty minutes deserves some praise-and this ours did without much apparent effort. " It would be madness of me to attempt a description of the mountain- valley scenery of that morning's drive. It should be seen and revelled in to be fully understood. A word-sketch would be only a burlesque on the reality. From I the very outset we were in the heart of it. "The roaring, turbulent, rock-rent torrent, ten times wilder and fiercer in its headlong fury than the rapids above Ntagra, confronted us before Odds was 500 yards behind. The air was thick with spray, floating like a fleecy cloud over the rugged bed of the mountain stream, as we I toiled up the steep ascent of the public highway which followed the course of the i maddened river. After this first peak a was gained our road descended into a nar row valley which wound its tortuous course through precipitous and irregular F mountains whose stupendous ravines were t choked with huge glaciers and the un- f melted snows of centuries. On every side the foaming cataracts leaped down with f deafening roar from orag to crag, with a sheer descent occasionally of nearly a thousand feet without an obstacle to in- I terept their mad career. The rush of c frantic waters sounded deafening in our v eau, and filled the deep gorges and ehud. a dering valley with reverberating echoes. "Imagination is powerless to conceive anything more magnificent than the scene i of that morning, always sublime in is ever-changing grandeur. Nature, in all her unbridled license, was giving us mad welcome I The ceaseless deafening up- t roar prevented all interchange of words with my driver, so that nothing remained I for me but to gaze, and listen, and won der n'a species of new and vague enchant ment. "There on the right lay the mighty glacier of Broar-brau, whose gaping t crevasses hinted only of annihilation in t their weird and mystic silence." Here Newlands paused for a moment before continuing. So deeply interested, however, had Hewitt and I become that we waitedin dumb expectation, fearful of Interrupting his train of thought. " What a wonderful exhibition of Nature's handiwork these glaciers are," he resumed, after a few moments, " and beside them how paltry arelman'smmlgh. t tiest efforts. These great rivers of melted f snow, grown tired in their slow and toilsome march through the cleft and ragged mountains, lay down to sleep ten thousand years ago and never woke again. i The coldness of everlasting death encom passes them on all aides, guarding their unapproachable repose from encroawhment by even the moat daring and hardy of adventurers. "About five miles out from Odde we struck the shores of a lake- and a lovely lake it was, four or five miles long, and filling the narrow valley from side to side. Even the winding road we followed had to be hewn out of the solid granite, and was scarcely a foot wider than the wheel tracks. Nothing I ever saw in the shape of water could hold a candle to that lake. There it slept, calm and smiling on the breast of that wild and windless valley, a picture of surpassing loveliness-slept on, unheeding the tumult around and the ceaseless warring that might wake the dead. And what a solitude it chose for repose, where the eternal roar of cataracts shook the heavy mountains to their base ment! "Presently there was an abatement of the uproar, and a comparative lull for a mile or more. During this ' cessation of hostilities' I was able to exchange an I occasional word with my companion. He was stern of countenance, hard and rug ged as his pine-clad mountains, and yet, withal, there was something in his face that bespoke honesty and good- nature. His strong weakness, I soon discovered, I consisted like yours, Hewitt, in a lean ing towards the bottle." I laughed heartily, for at this moment I Hewitt was stretched full length, resting on his elbow and within easy reach of his ' weakness.' Hswitt growled his dissent, protesting against the appositeness of the I unexpected illustration. Newlands, after creating this diversion, coolly proceeded : "In this respect the man differed much from the general run of his country men, who are essentially sober. But this fellow, who had been a sailor in his youth, like most Norwegians, spent more than a dozen years among people of a higher intellectual culture, and, having an aptitude tar acquiring the accomplish ments of a higher civilization, his efforts were crowned with success. And so this primitive Norwegian soon graduated with honors in the new school of human pro gress, as might be expected from such favoring conditions. He spoke English fairly well, having lived half the years of his absence from home mn the country which his forefathers visited with hostile intent ten centuries before. Not only a could he speak English, but he had a vivid memory of the weaknesses that char. acterised the islanders The general desire of all classes of Englishmen to t 'nationalize' the umbrella and remove it without the unpopular pale of Individual- r aim was always an amusing memory with him. d " A story was afterwards told me Illns trative of this trait. You must understand, in the first place, lads, that the Norwe glans are probably the most honest people t on the face of the earth. It is no uncom mon thing to see their doors and win dows standing open all night in summer. I have noticed it while passing through a Bergen from the boat to the railway eta tion at 4 o'clock in the morning. Well, this fellow, whose name was Larsen, was driving an English tourist one day in the t mountains, when the latter suddenly missed his umbrella, which had fallen out l of the stolk-jarre unnotiesd. a "Stop," he exclaimed. "I have dropped my umbrella." "When did you notice it last " en quired Larsen, pulling up abort. " Oannot say. It must have bean some I Stime ago." Then suddenly, "Ha, there it I sl I see it far back on the road." Larsen shook the reins and drove on coolly. " We'll be back in an hour," he said, carelessly, " and can pick it up then, instead of wasting time to return for it now." "But," remonstrated his fare, "some body may pass this way and walk off with it in the meantime." Larsen smiled. " You are in Norway I Master may make his mind easy; nothing is ever stolen in Norway 1" "Not without some misgiving did the gentleman allow himself to be persuaded. An hour afterwards they returned; but when they arrived at the place the um. brella was gone. "Now, what have you got to say for yourself ?' he asked the driver indig nantly. "Nothing," replied Larsen, " but that an Englishman must have fasseed by since we were lr? /!"' "During the lull in the loud warfare of nature I chatted familiarly with Lar sen, and soon discovered his weakness, as I told you a few minutes ago. When sober, as he was now, he was a pleasant, agreeable companion, much in advance of his countrymen, who are generally un social and entirely devoid of humor. "The narrow causeway on which we were now travelling demanded all his vigilance, and I accordingly dropped into silence. We swept round the end of the lake at last, after a somewat anxious drive on my part, and gained the open again, where a sugarloaf peak, heavily pine clad, rose precipitously from the water's edge, like a huge sentinel guard. ing the dangerous pass. Soon afterwards we were approaching the falls, which gave notice of their presence by the sheet of spray in which they were enveloped, and which could be seen for a consider able distance off. "Lasetfoss, on our left, at once dis pelled all doubt of its being overrated by fame. Nothing I had seen in Europe could approach it in magnificence. Like Niagara it is cleft in twain; but nature's unsparing sword did not rend its severed victim as completely here as in the case of the Canadian giant. " The more accessible of the two falls into which Lsaetfoss is divided is by far the most stupendous and awe-inspiring. I Here in quick succession are three ter rible leaps of about 700 feet each, the two last taken before the mad waters have I had time to recover themselves from the stunning fall of the previous descent, or to brace themselves anew for another appalling effort. "Few spots visited by man were wilder or more imposing than the ele. I vated crag I chose from which to behold the gorgeous spectacle. High up on the mountain peak I stood, to view this war ring world of waters. Away down below was the winding valley, the home of desolation and savage grandeur, for ever filled with a ceaseless roar, and closely pinioned with snow clad mountains as hoary as time itself. In front of me were the frantic waters rushing madly down. ward to destruction, as if pursued by i some merciless demon of the haunted I hills. An hour of this amply repays for , all the discomforts entailed by a voyage t round the globe. Such was my impression t then-each is my impression now. "This land of everlasting solitude, I thought, ought surely to be the home of t romance, of legends and ghosts and gob- £ lins; the land of spectres and giants and i demons; the land to breed poets and men of great and surpassing imagination. " Ireturned to the hotel before crossing over to make the acquaintance of Eape. I landfoss, which subsequently proved, however, to be of comparatively small interest. "The main diningroom was as I ehtered. Your true Eni even in his visionary momo always appreciate the fasclnatil a well-filled dinner-table. comer, the possibility of having? supplied appeared to me remoi accordingly purchased some , and a bottle of lager beer at tha which I secured after a violent longed struggle to approach thi then returned to the solitude of enjoy the spoils of victory. " Up to this I had never set the driver. I gave him a couple when he took the pony from the was satisfied that he wouldn' himself with such a reasonabloe for killing time at his disposal. " After my impromptu luncheo dered about for hours, and, whoe out at last I returned to the found that the English excurslo long since set out on their r Odde, not a solitary trap but malning, with the sturdy lit patiently standing by the wheel ho had been hitched. "The departure of the oth me little concern, hower did the lateness of the h concert me. As far as that cerned, I could travel just as night as by day at this season of Hai I noticed the falling mist, which had already begun to en mountain tops, I would not ha indifferent. "I hunted up Larsan, fou somewhat "jlly, but safe so ordered dinner. It must have o'clock when I had made up that I had seen enough of Laaet that it was just about time to paratlons for a start. When I this conclusion I discovered for time that the mist which had e the hill tops a few hours before descending like a heavy pall a valley, and was fast assuming the tions of a dense fog. "I hastened to warn Larsn t ready, but to my annoyance nowhere to be seen. After hala search he was found sleeping under a huge boulder more tl yards away from the house. quickly aroused, but, to my deep cation, I found the fellow ons gait and thick of utterance. appeared to be no help for It noi rled him along and assisted him ness up, an operation we comple considerable delay and much bun "Before starting he instat having another drink, and as showing a dispoaltion to become some I yielded a very unwillin It was just 11 o'clock when we se our journey of twenty-two miles " Keep a sharp lookout for th way," ahoute& the hostler as weds " It isn't the safest place in the the beat of times." "This parting salute did not allay my anxiety, I can tell you, tried, however, to make the beat bargain, adopting a confident was far from feeling, and endea to make myself as conciliatory as to my quarrelsome companion. " As we trotted along at a goo found a disposition on the part of to resume the nap I had disturbed ago. He was sitting in the us4 behind, and occasionally bumped I with a lurch that hinted of easy ment. The reins, which passed right side, were so relaxed at tii they were practically useless in h This, however, did not give mi concern, for the pony was sarefoo safe. Presently, however, the fo owd n for the first time,I to l?oo'sly alarmed. t P:,.ooc like this It would be t houtonlht than to brav St? . on-?ow Causeway. .It T d 51ore 5noyheg still, ? ,Da, mr that the pony k n beain dim outline. a' Si.y _ ,nired the growing icfly (r Cowe had gone more , tlon the narrow roadway tl slo?. I knew there { ?r?lo of more than twelve e'i om parts. To return re l , 1tfor a arahandcart old ie some p a of the D i r?w were now travelling. ti ohe outlines of the pony en nd a, l was soon as dark y 'hleh every ray of light is -Ito do ? We could not ithe cold seist would freeze f qn hour. n1y only hope I ? -y instincts of the pony, 1 ' rbly pull as through if " ut, unfortunately, he t tohimself. I had scarcely Sto ths frail anchor when \- bydrnoken impulse, struck f nal1 with his long whip lkbounded forward with a t ot imperilled the safety of I now grasped the reins tet of self.preservation, but t fellow who held them was to yield possession undie. ggled for a brief moment, ho endeavoured to stand c~ned himself and fell ter the back of the etolk-jarre She most have been instantly Sfall though a special provi. y. d to lwth looking after men .no time for sympathy, how. ts relwi, which dropped In the oso' hung loosely and I hastened :eos thankfol to heaven that ot llen beyond my reach. In IOr to pick them up they got ,oehow, and as I tightened the ?right, as I thought, the pony all too promptly to the call, ,yJ oever expected. . I had time to realize the poal. an? over the embankment and -r lfe oein the lake below amidst esL I was so stupefied with Sshock that I was unable for s to realize what had just hap E t sensation was intense cold, so that I was moving through the no snal's pace, and without any tefort of mine. What could it Stre was I flying over the lake r iUtlon of my own, and wholly to rconnt for the motive power law Infloenced. The horrible hat saeed me grew intense when A few feet in front, some dark loming indistinctly one moment hgpeaung entirely the next. Irsnge snorting, not unlike the Sof a steam engine, did not tend s?y seperstitlous fears. I was at dse clutche of the devil I Was it I left home and friends-to be lainthe Norwegian wilds, without r human being to know my fate 7 boe midst of such horrible reflec I discovered that I held in my sitha grip as tenacious as death usethlag which frayed my fingers hongh the thick gloves I was wear lstead of being some species of hat bound me to my merciless exe in front, I discovered, to my that I still held the reins in my s6ich I had grasped at the last tLThen I knew that I was being towed along by the pony to the opposite shore. thi " The knowledge was not an unmixed me pleasure, for I dreaded that I would never hli be able to hold out until he reached it. co' The cold was intense, and penetrated to fiv the very marrow of my bones. My legs fir and body were already numbed,- and tei It was only the pressure on my fingers fai and the action of the upper part of my fri body, as I rose and fell in obedience to th the pony's struggles, that saved me from utter collapse. " We were not a quarter of an hour In the water, though It seemed to me an eu eternity, and I still struggled desperately to retain my grip on the reins. Twenty cc times did I feel they were slipping through a my frozen fingers, and each time I made a fresh and despairing effort to retain them. I knew that if I dropped them all at was over. h " Oh, the awful agony I was now aot. O faring! Would we ever reach the shore i h For a few minutes longer I struggled s' bravely on, but at last I felt that the end ti could no longer be postponed. The last t' thing 1 remembered was a sudden jerk, ti then a quick wrenching of the reins from my dead fingers, a loud snort of relief n from the pony, and the happy conscious- o ness that death had at last happily ended all my sufferings." " But you weren't drowned, Newlands, a were you I" asked Hewitt, who had sat upright, listening excitedly, during the a last few moments. " Not drowned, old fellow," laughed Newlanda, heartily; "but frozen stone dead I" t Hewitt himself couldn't help joining in I the laugh that followed at his expense. "When I awoke to the sunshine of life again," continued Newlands, "I found myself in a little hut, scarcely big I enough in which to awing the proverbial I cat with comfort. It appeared to be hol lowed out of the rocks, and was covered 1 with a roofing of reeds and dry grass. I was wrapped in bear-skins, and lying on a 1 rude stretcher of saplings put roughly to gether. Pine logs were burning in- the fireplace and filling the hut with their I t glowing warmth. In front of the fire I hung my smoking garments on a clothes P horse roughly improvised for the occa sion. "The solitary room which constituted this mountain retreat had no occupant but d myself. The attilness of death was un it broken except by the crackling of the pine h loge. After taking in the novelty of my ir strange surroundings in a hurried glance, \- I lay still a moment and began to collect my scattered senses. ", I hadn't an idea, of course, of where .e I was, or how I came there. At first I y had to rake up all my reasoning faculties it to settle the question of my own Identity. :e The eflort was not a prolonged one, for y tunately. By degrees, then, the incidents ir of the last night broke in upon me, and I Le shuddered to remember the terrible fate in I had narrowly escaped. But how was I k saved at the last moment; and who it brought me here ? "My perplexity was at once allayed by to the sudden appearance in the doorway at ;d this moment of a stranger. He was a man at of rough exterior, tall, and strongly built. it This, at least, I thought was my host, if ce not my saviour He was rudely clad in at undressed skins, surmounted by a faded I cap of well-worn sealskin. His face was c. gaunt and forbidding, and pale to ghaatli. ness, while a pair of brown eyes that th burned like live coals shone out from re under his overhanging eyebrows. r- "The hurried, inquisitive glance he of threw round the hut before looking at the :e- stretcher where I lay betokened suspicion ay of his fellow-men and apprehension of ay the approach of strangers, for which there st was strong justification. Here is his his ng tory briefly, as I afterwards heard it : " He was born at Christlana, entered me the house of a Hoaburg merchant while a mere boy, soon gained the confidence of side his employers, and rose to th'e position of wit confidential clerk before he was twenty five. The stability of his position in the firm being now assured, he grew less at tentive to business, imbibed a taste for the fast life, and began to ape the follies and frivolities of men of fashion. He went rec the pace with undue speed. an " The result may be easily guessed-he nn was missing one fine morning, and an eei extensive forgery was discovered on the i next, the like of which hadn't been heard of in Hamburg for many years. A war- lo( rant was issued for his arrest, but he ab succeeded in reaching England. "Two English detectives were now wl employed to hunt him down, but he made c. his escape to Copenhagen and thence to re Christiana. Hidden away by his friends be here for some time, the detectives lost the w scent. He was next heard of at Stavanger, of to which his pursuers traced him, but only t to find, however, that he had disappeared e the morning before their arrival. d "'After a further search of many months in every village along the shores of the Hardanger fiord, they were about a giving up the fruitless search in despair when they accidentally heard of a man h answering to the fugitive's description r who frequented the neighborhood of Odde, c and was supposed to have settled In the I mountains, somewhere In the vicinity of I Laaetfoss. "A week before my arrival at Odds they had gone out in pursuit of this poor hunted wretch who was now approaching me after that hasty and suspicious glance around the hut." [ " Come back to life, eh 1" he inquired, not unkindly, and in very passable Eng I lish, which he acquired in the great Euro. pean mart of Hamburg. " I had a pretty I tough job of it with you, and didn't ex [ pact to see much warmth ever again in a those frozen limbs of yours," "I looked my gratitude, and inquired a how I had come there. A few words r sufficed to explain. The pony struck the a shore within a few yards of the hut, when the inmate was alarmed by the loud snort of joy with which he welcomed the solid ground under his feet again. He rushed I out, only to see the pony scampering t away again, and my apparently dead body floating in the water within three feet of a the shore. Without pausing to think of the possible danger of his action, the poor , fellow carried me into the hut, stripped t off my clothes, put me into his bed, and lighted a great fire. After an hour's hard a rubbing, I fell into the prolonged sleep I from which I had now awoke. a "To my surprise, he made no inquiries r. as to how I got into the serious dilemma from which he had just rescued a me. This reserve forced upon me I the conviction that he was anxious a to get rid of me. I "And I was not mistaken, for he im. o mediately asked if I felt equal to the exertion of dressing. I was too grateful y for the life I owed him to feel resentment it at this churlish hospitality, for I knew n that the operation of dressing was in. t. tended by him as the preliminary to my if departure. He handed me my clothes n while he was yet speaking, and I rose at d once from my comfortable position In Ls obedience to what I knew was a com. I. mand. I was still weak, and had to lean it against the wall in my struggle to pull on a my trousers. However, my pride was up in arms, and I determined to make the se effort while he looked on curiously and in 1B silence. In "Let me digress here for a moment," of continued Newlands, after having helped re himself to a refresher from the bottle a. which Hewitt, who was temporary guar. Sdian, considerately handed him. "Let me make a short digression here by re turning for a few moments to the opposite side of the lake, where I left Larsen without the ceremony of leave- taking. " After the lapse of a few hours he re. covered and shook himself together, suf fering more evidently from the effects of the beer than from the nasty fall he had received. The morning was well advanced and the fog had lifted by this time. He looked about stupidly and at a loss to understand the situation at first. Pre sently he noticed the overturned stolk jarre, hinting vaguely of a general smash. ae rose to his feet, still half dazed, and looked at the wreck, for which he was un able to account. " For fully five minutes he stood there, when memory gradually awoke in the dull crridors of his brain, and he began to realise what had happened. He remem bered our straggle for the reins, after which he looked wildly round in search of my dead body, and probably that of the pony. Nothing was to be seen, how ever, and then, abandoning himself to despair, he sat down stunned, and fixed his dull gaze on the opposite shore. "In a moment he jumped to his feet t with a sudden cry The pony, with some remnants of the harness still clinging to him, was browsing quietly among the rocks and boulders on the opposite aide of the lake. The lake, which seemed to me broader than Bass's Straits while I I was plunging through its lay waters, was scarcely 400 yards across at this point e wide enough, however, to freeze most i men to death under the circumstances in which I made the voyage. With a fresh 5 cry he started forth to make his way round to the opposite shore-a distance of fully four miles -over rocks and boul ders, and a heavy growth of underwood g- at times S'.The sharp cry of recognition he Sttered on noticing the pony was heard by i two men approaching along the high road. They stood still a moment and listened intently until itwas repeated; thenpushed id forward, but with extreme caution, in the direction from whence the cry proceeded. i"Larsen had not disappeared more than five minutes when the men arrived rt at the scene of the recent disaster. The id disabled stolk-jarre and the pool of blood on the roadside were to their practised ' eyes and keen instincts sufficient evidence that something more than an ordinary of accident had occurred. or "They paused for a moment, each id apparently in deep thought, when one of id them at length observed, ' I think I see rd the end of the trail in view. If our man p hadn't a hand In this, call me a Dutch man.' es "Think so I" asked the other shortly. as "Sure of it, old man. He has prob. sd ably come to the end of his money, and se has taken this way of replenishing," and as he pointed to the pool of dry blood with horrible significance. n. "Without another word, both men te dashed forward with one impulse in par al suit Larsen in the meantime pursued nt his way unconscious, his only concern be iw Ing to get round the lake as soon as pos n. sible and recapture his pony, with the zy additional desire, no doubt, of learning If es I, too, had escaped unharmed. at "To return to the hat. I waspnulling In on my trousers, as I said, but, while do n- Ing so, my watch and chain, which I had an placed in one of the pockets the evening on before to save its being pulled out of my op vest while climbing the crags, dropped he out on the floor of the 'hut. In picking in them up again I chanced to look at my ungracious host, who was watching my every movement in silence, when I dl4 ed covered a sudden and awful change come lie over his lace. er. " His eyes, which glowed with the heat ,et of a fasnace, were fixed upon the meda sanspended from the chain, which be evi dently mistook for some sort of detective's badge. "Before I had time to recover the sudden alarm that seized me he was upon me like a wild beast, dashing me across the stretcher and crashing my head against the hard rock that formed the back wall of the hut. Though I did not lose consciousness, I felt, however, that his terrible grip on my throat would soon strangle me, for everything was already swimming in a thick mist before my eyes. "At this moment, and when I thought all was over with me, his grasp relaxed a little and he paused to listen intently. "Flinging me from him, he wheeled round suddenly and confronted Larsen, who had just entered and sprang to my assistance. They both grappled on the instant, grappled like wild beasts im pelled by the ferocious instincts of savage nature, and struggled desperately in silence. Not a word was uttered as they swayed, and reeled, and staggered, and fell-fell, with Larsen uppermost, by some providential interposition not always exercised on behalf of the inno cent. "Larsen, whose fury had now grown terrible, being still somewhat under the influence of his late debauch, tried hard to dash the life out of his fallen foe by beating his head upon the hard ground, while the other continued to struggle des perately. I looked on faint and weak, and unable to move a hand, if the safety of the world depended on my slightest exertion. "At this moment a loud cry of exulta tion was heard, as two men rushed into the hut and hurled themselves upon Lar sen, whom they bore to the ground." " Ha, my fine fellow, you have come to the end of your tether at lIst. The chase is finished, and now it is our turn I"' "A tough struggle ensued, lasting several minutes, while the detectives made desperate efforts to handcuff Lar sen, which they eventually succeeded in doing. In the meantime the other arose exhausted, but in full possession of his senses, and passed quietly out of the hut unnoticed,while thestruggle forsupremacy was going on. " It was awful to witness the passion of Larsen when he found himself man acled, demanding to know, while foaming with passion, 'what the hell this outrage meant 1' "I was fully recoverel by this time, and was anxious for Larsen's sake to have the mystery cleared up at once, knowing that agrave mistake had been made some how. I dashed into explanations accord ingly, when they immediately discovered their fatal blunder. "Before I had time to conclude my statement, they rushed off in pursuit, but it is needless to say that a few minutes' start in the heart of the Dovrefeld moun tains is a handicap the pursued is capable of turning to good advantage, if he is at all familiar with his surroundings. He escaped as effectually as if the earth opened and swallowed him, and was never captured afterwards, as far as I could learn. " I made my way back to Odde," added Newlanda in conclusion, " where I had a bad attack of rheumatic fever that kept me anchored there till the middle of winter. I then returned to England, and booked by the first mail boat for Australia, where I landed alive, as even you, Hewitt, must be ready to admit, or I wouldn't be here to- night to tell you the story of my terrible adventure in the Dovrefeld mountains." Anxious Mistress: "Why, Hannah, I'm sorry to hear you say you've stopped saying your prayers. Aren't you afraid you'll go to the bad place 7" Hannah: "Indeed, ma'am, I'm not worrying, for I've friends in both places." 