^SHOfiT StORY?\ Kome Scottish Ghosts* Castles and Hsasions teat are Haunted Scotland, the land of deep enthusiasm and poetic feeling, is essentially a land of superstition; witness tlie firm belief of ihe peasantry in the weird traditions of the West -mu the Highlands, in the un canny apparitions, foroboiJcrs of evil to xhe ramily to vliom they belong, and iheir avoidance of the so-called abodes ?vf ghosts :md evil spirits. Xor do they stand alone in their beliefs ; among the upper class credence is given to much iiiat is supernatural, and not without-, cause, as the history of the ancient Castle of Glainis in Forfarshire relates. Although the whole house abounds in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber in particular is known as the ** Haunted Boom,' and access to this fearsome place is only known to Lord Strathniore, his heir, and the factor. There is no doubt whatever about the noises ; one night when they were more weird and unearthly than usual, the present Earl, with several chosen com £iaaioas, determined to investigate the cause, and went to the room. Hardly had his lordship opened the door, when he fell back swooning. 2s or could he ever be persuaded to tell what he saw, or even to mention the subject. One old story is that during a feud between the Lindsays and Ogilvies some of the latter clan, hi flight from then? enemies, besought hospitality from the owner of -Glainis. He gave them shelter in this togou ; but, under plea of hiding them, left them there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly re mains which startled the Earl, but what ever it was is still a secret Another story is that of ' Earl Patie,' celebrated for many vices, but above all for that of gambling. He played continually, hob nobbing with his humblest servitor, could he not obtain another, partner. However, one ' Lord's Day' no one -eould be persuaded to play with him. The chaplaia heaped anathemas on the .head of any one who dared to desecrate the 'Sawbath' by touching the 'Devil's bricks.' as he designated cards. Earl Patis. rather than be thwarted in feis desire, invoking the 'foui fiend' to be izis parzuer, locked himself into his room. The 'deil' came, and then the fun was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, xuxd shrieks terrified the inmates, and the boiler, uraver than the rest, putting his eye to the keyhole, had it sorely isecrched fesr his curiosity. The Earl, ?coming out for a minute to get the wherewithal to settle up with, returned only to find the room empty, and no- j where could any trace of his ghostly comrade be found. After his death, five .years later, the same noises were con stantly heard issuing from the room and n lunar the corridors. Alianbank, the seat ol tne smarts, is jiaunted by the ghost of ' Pearlin Jean.' She was the .wife of the first baronet, iuid a Frenchwoman, whom he married in Paris and deserted- When returning m his native land she appeared at the last moment to bid him good-bye, and stood on the forewheel of the coach to address him. Much annoyed, he bade i he postillion drive on; the lady fell, and ihe wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival home, when driving under the arched entrance gateway, Sir Robert saw ' Pearlin Jean' sitting on rhe top. her head and shoulders covered Kith blood, and for years the rustle of silk and patter of Louis XV. heels was Heard along the passages. There is perhaps no more notorious .ghost than the *' Airlie Drummer' ; his tiaunt is an ancient stronghold, Cor taehy Castle, belonging to the Earls of Airlie. Whenever his drum is heard Jiose round take it as a sure token of Hiv speedy death of one of the Ogilvie family. The origin of the story is that the .jealousy of a former Lord of Airlie jvas roused cither by the drummer or ±e officer whose messenger he was. ?n rage he thrust the man into his drum, md flung him out of the window of the ' jower in which the music is usually leard. The victim threatened, if his ife were taken, to haunt the family. and he has been as good or rather sz bad as his word. The- music of the hapless drummer has often been heard, and quite recently, within the memory of those living; In 1844 before the death of Lady Airlie, and in 1849 before the death of the ninth EarL SpedHu's Tower, now a rubied Border fortress, was long haunted by the spirit of a miller named Porteous, who, being suspected of arson, was incarcerated -n the dungeon by Sir Alex. Jardine. Hav ing occasion to go away from home, he forgot all about his prisoner, who per ished of hunger. No sooner was he dead than his ghost began to torment the family, and gave them no rest night or day. At last, by the aid of several ministers* the demon was exorcised, and a. Bible was placed in a niche in his cell. Years after it was thought necessary to have the Bible rebound. Accordingly it was sent to Edinburgh for that purpose. It had not been long on its way before the ghost left its dun geon, fled over the river to the new home to which the family had recently removed, hauled tie baronet and his wife out of bed, causing much terror and disturbance. Only through return ing the Bible to its niche in its old con dition was Porteous's revengeful ghost quieted, and peace again restored. Woodhouse Lee. the seat of the Fraser Tytlers, is visited by the spirit of Lady Hamilton, of Bothwellhaugh. Her hus band is known as the murderer of the RegentMurrayatLinlithgow in 1859. and surely no assassin had ever greater pro vocation. Knowing Lord Hamilton was from home, the Regent seized his house, turned his wife and child out naked into the fields ; before morn she was a raving lunatic, her infant dead, pro bably murdered, and now her restless spirit haunts the abode of her former happiness. Part of the masonry of the old building was used for the present mansion, which is built on the Pentland Hills, four miles distant from the scene of the tragedy ; and but a few year» ago the domestics were terrified by the apparition of a lady robed in white holding a child in her arms, which shows the spectre is stiil faithful to her old home. The Inverary ghost is another well autBeutica ted story, the hearse of which drives up to the door of the Castle be fore the decease of any member of the Argyll family. It is said, during the illness of the late Duchess, that two of the servants at Inverary, while ? resting in the gloaming, heard the noise of wheels, unbarred the great door of the entrance- hall, and, on opening it, found nothing there. Shortlj- afterwards they heard of the death of their mis tress. Duuvesan. the home of the Madends. the oldest inhabited castle of Scotland, is visited by those delightful spirits fairies. There is still the fairy flag, given centuries ago to the Chief of Macleod by the fairies, and which al ways brought them victory when they took it into battle. A room in the tower is devoted to them, music and dancing are often heard, but all vanishes when tiie door is open.—' Gentlewoman.' 