THINKERS AND TALKERS. Tim number of great thinkers who have had considerable powers as conversa tionalists has been largo onough in tho history of litcraturo and tho arts to havo dissipated the ides, which is so common, that .thinkers and philoiophors ore ns a nearly general rule ailont if not taciturn beings. In thinking of its philosophers, tho world is apt to givo too largo a placo to its Diogoncs, and to somewhat nogloct its Socrates; perhaps vaguely for tho reason thnt because ' silenco is gohton, ' and as scarce as that motal, ono might infer that those whom wo specially look to for wisdom, should set nn example and find that tho time 1 to koep silonco ' is a grout deal longer than the time to speak. Yet many great thinkers would scom to have mado tho latter pre ponderate. Ono of the foremost places among great thinkors who havo loft, behind them a reputation for being great talkers is un doubtedly taken by S. T. Coloridgo. Of the talking powers of this ' oaglo aniong hooded owlo ' wo havo very many accounts by, among others, Carlylo, John - Keats, Hozlitt, and Crabb Robinson, all of whom testify to .his wonderful eloquence. Indeed, tho reputation of tho poet rests to a considerable dogreo upon those famous .monologues of his — conversations thoy Cannot bo callod — for, as has often been pointed out. his works in proso and poetry, grcut nnd beautiful as they are, hardly commensurate, as far as bulk goes, with tho rank ho holds in litoraturo ; whereforo such small nnd inadequate scraps of his talk as havo been preserved arc of all tho greater interest. In the Gilman's Garden at Highgate, Carlyle, tells us, ' For hours would Coloridgo talk, concerning all conceivahlo or inconceivable things ; and liked nothing hotter than to havo an intelligent audienco or oven a silent and patient human listener. Kent's tolls us that on his first meeting with Coleridge, during a walk of two miles, ' ho broached a thousand Bubjccts,' naming as among a few of them 'Nightingales, poetry or poetical sensation ; metaphysios ; different genera or species of dreams; nightmares; a dream accompanied with tho senso of touch ; single and double touch ; a dream related first and second consciousness ; tho difference explained be tween will and volition ; so many meta physics from a want of smoking the second consciousness ; monsters ; tho krakon mer maids ; Southey believes in them ; Southoy's belief too much diluted ; a ghost story ; good morning.' -A ouffiofciHiy formidable conversational menu for about thrco- qunrtors of an hour's walk. ' Our interview,' John Sterling says ol his first colloquy with Coloridgo, 'lasted three hours, during which he talked two hours and threequartors.' There can tie no doubt that Coleridge's talk, as Carlyle says ' was the emblem of himself ; in it as in him a ray of heavenly inspiration struggled, in a tragically ineffectual degree, with the weakness of blood.' The Sago of Chelsea himself was a con versationalist of groat power — and especially in his younger days, of great length. There is a letter of tho future mis. Va.ij.i-, whifh.sho says that 'Tom came and started talking, nnd lias been talking ever since,' ndding, in hor feminine way, that I10 hod also been creating a great stir among the antimacassars and t!«.e fireirons. A stone's throw away from Carlyle for somo timo lived Leigh Hunt, also a oharming talker, but in a manner ontiroly different to cither tho sagos we have mentioned. Hunt did not pretend to bo a sage, hut only a poet and enter tainer, and his talk was characterised accordingly. Cowden Clarko tells us that Leigh Hunt's 'simultaneous walk and talk wero charming,' that he was a ' perfect specimen of a breakfast wit' — rarest species of wits— ndding that at tho first meal of tho day I10 was always quite as brilliant as most company men oro at a dinner party or a gay supper. Rabbit-Shooting Extraordinary.—' In his now book Mr. Hurting awards to Lord do Grey tho honour of holding tho individual record for a good day's rnbbit- shooting. In 1883, whon a party of nine guns killed 3,(584 rabbits, Lord do Gray accounted for tho enormous total of 920. Next to him comes the lato Sir Victor Brooko with a score of 740 in a day to his singlo gun. He used oxaotly 1,000 cart ridges, and fired for one half of tho day from his right, during tho other from his left shoulder. Besido these Titanic offorts others aro dwarfed. Sir. Chnrios Eloy and a friend shot 900 between them in a forty-aero warron in 1893, and in a groat day at Lord Stamford's sent in Leicester shire, Bradgato Park, a party of thirteen shot 3,333. New Usf. for Windmills Far from becoming obsolete, windmills are springing up afresh in various parts of tho country, nnd are being found of very great value for maintaining a water supply in out-of- tho- way places. Lord Sponcor has several nt work on his Northamptonshire estate, and by their agoncy two villages are supplied with water. Ofeourso a wind mill will only work whon tlioro is a wind blowing sufficient to koop it in operation. It is found that a mill can ho kept at work on an avorago for 14-32 hours a day throughout tho year. It works slowly, but persistently. The Veteran of the Army.—1 Tho 18th Hussars havo lost tlioir 'old soldier' — proliably tho oldest soldier in tho British Army — Sergennt-Major Trump, who died exaotly forty-nino years to the day after enlistment. Ho was twonty eight years of age when ho enlisted as a saddler, and therefore would bo soventy- soyen years old. He kept nt liis work till tho Inst. Probably thoro is no othoi case on record where a man lias boon in aotivo service ovor forty-nino years after tho age of twenty-eight. Popular Pantomimes.— For tho third year in succession ' Cindorella ' appears to to bo tho most popular tliomo for panto mimes, having been chosen no fewer than twenty times out of a list of 120 panto mimes. ' Dick Whittington ' comes sec ond with sovontoen, and ' Aladdin ' and 'Robinson Crusoo' aro a tie for third place with fourtoon oaoh. Those positions are, curiously onough, oxaotly the samo as last year, whon ' Cinderella ' como first with eighteen, 'Dick Whittington ' next with sixteen, and 'Aladdin' aud Robin son Crusoo ' third with thirteen each. 